RELIGIOUS INTELLIGENCE. Tho twenty-ninth annual meoting of tho Colonial Missionary Society waa held at tho Poultry Chapel, London, on tho 15th May last. Tho report, which was read by tho Rov. J. L. Poore, well known in Victoria as the agent of this society, expressed special satisfaction at the fact of tho acceptance by tho Rev. A. M. Henderson of tho presidency of tho Molbourno Congregational College, and tho pas torate of the church at Richmond, in succession to the Rev. J. P. Sundorland. In an address delivered at tho meeting, Mr Henderson took occasion to refer to the functions of a theological tutor. ' Ho had a deep conviction', ho said, ' that tho first thing a student of tho ministry should loarn was the theology ? of everyday life, and tho truths underlying all gospel teaching in relation to one's present position and God's redemptive plan, and its application and results. He bo lioved that the best way of teaching theso truths was to assist every student to work them out for himself by diligont study.' The annual meeting of the Congregational Union of England and Wales was held in the Weigh-houso Chapel, London, on tho 9th May. The Rev. D. Thomas, B.A., of Bristol, tho chairman of tho Uuion, delivered tho introductory address, takiDg as tho theme, ' Tho relation of our ministry, in its public oxercises, to tho standard of the Christian life commonly attained among us.' Deputies wero introduced from tho American Con gregational Union, aud Drs. Vaughau, A. Raleigh and G. Smith wore appointed to represent tho Eng lish churches at the Boston meeting of tho American Union. Thero was an animated discussion in con nection with a resolution which was moved by Dr. Vuughan, expressive of sorrow at tho assassination of President Lincoln. It soon appeared that tho resolution was not sufficiently expressive of the feoling of the meeting. Dr. Halley, who spoke on tho occasion with considerable emotion, said : — ' This resolution is not what it should bo. Some thing elflo, I think, is dno to our American brethren in the calamity which has overwhelmed that land. I havo watched with intense interest tho course of public feeling in reforenco to this matter, and I have not seen any resolution from auy body of men in which the integrity, the wisdom, tho magnanimity and courage of Mr Lincoln have not beon alluded to. Regret that be has been put to death ! If tho resolution is no moro than that, I think the meeting ought to say more. The progress of events has emancipated slavery ! I do not understand that. I suppose events have come to pasB in a progresc — (hear and laughter) — but there havo been meu and principles at work to bring about those events. Do not let us throw a crown of thorns upon tho dead body of martyred President Lincoln. Let us crown him with roses. Lei there be somo fragrance and feeling in our eulogism — something worthy of ourselves, of our churches, of our brethren across tho Atlantic. (Cheers.) War with America ! No, not if we are allowed to givo vent to the feeling of our hearts. Not, with tho freedom-loving people of tho North ; and the South will never bo able to go to war. I cannot, indeed, help thinking that when we used to speak so strongly of slavery, some of tho wise aud fur - seeing men in America saw the sea of blood through which- sho must pass boforo slavery could bo destroyed, and I do not wonder that they hesitated. But tho work has beon dono by tho blessing of God. Lot us, I say, ex press our profound sympathy with our American brethren in their great trial, our respect for tho character of Abraham Lincoln, our horror at his assassination, our good wishes for tho restored health of Secretary Soward, for peace between Ame rica and England for over, and freedom for the whole race.' (Applause.) The resolution was then amended in tho spirit at Dr. Halley's speech, und agreed to amid tho enthusiastic cheers of tho as sembly. Tho feeling manifested on this occa sion may bo taken as an indication of tho feeling of tho middle classes in England, and so long as such a feeling exists on their part towards America, there need be no feur of war between tho two countries. Tho Bishop of London has organised a scbemo by which tho clergy of his diocese may bo aided in their parochial work, especially in poor and popu 'lous parishes, by bodies of laymen. Ho has founded a society culled tho ' Association of Laymen for tho Dipceso of London,' and has drawn up a set of rules fur its guidance. At a meeting hold at Lon i don House, and attended by some twenty gentlemen of inftuenco, resolutions embodying and approving tho bishop's plans wore passed. Those willing to assist tbo objects of tho association aro to bo pro posed (or acceptanco to tbo bishop ; thoro aro to bo annual meetings for consultation ; incumbents requiring assistance aro to bo put in communication with morabors, aud a register is to bo kept giving the names and addresses of Iho members and tho nature of tho work they aro doing or which they aro willing to undertake. In Scotland, various qnostions touching upon the traditional customs und religious associations of the people aro at present exciting much attontion. Organs nro coming into nsa. Dr. llobort Loo has just opened ouo iu tho Old Groy-friars Church in Edinburgh. Amongst other innovations are, kneel ing instnad of standing to prayer, and standing instead of sitting to sing, tho use of tho liturgies, and tho private dispeusation of tho communion. At tho mooting of tho General Assembly of tho Esta blishod Church, which commenced its sittings on tho 18th May last, tho subject of innovations in public worship was brought under discussion, and a motion was carried by a majority of thirty-three, conveying a moro distinct expression in disapprobation of them than that which was passed at tho preceding as sembly of 18G4. Dr. Norman Maclcod, of Glasgow, spoke in favor of tolerating all such changes as did not disturb tho harmony of congregations. He complained of the reforoncos by Dr. M'Rao and others to tho ' Fathers of tho church.' Some of them, ho said, did great good in their day and gone ration ; somo of them monstrons little ; but all that soemod to him just as absurd as if in tho year 2000 — and ho hoped his friend Dr. Camming would not suppose ho was heretical if he assumed that the world might last till thon (laughter)— just as foolish as that in tho yoar 2000, when any changes wero propoBod, all progress should ho stopped by somo earnest men quoting something that had beon said by Father M'Ruo. (Loud laughter.) ' I myself would not daro to stand up at this moment and addross tho house out of sheer norvona four, for it would act as a sort of incubus on mo, if I thought I woro to bo held up as a ghost of authority for all generations, and to bo called a father of tho church.' (Renewed laughter.) With regard to organs, ho remarked: 'I suppose thoro is no porson in this nssotnbly who thinks it is uiiBcriptural, or that it is a sin, to worship with an organ ; because, if thoro is, I think he should now say so. It wonld bo very interesting to somo young pooplo present to he able to say, if they live sixty years longer, ' Oh, do you know, I onco saw a man who actually stood up and said it was a sin to worship with an organ.' ' (Laughter.) Dr. Maclood went on to say that, being a national Church and not a moro sect, thoy wero boaud to regaid tho wishes, feeling, and habits of the people, and to give them their own way in thoso differont mattors iu which a fair aud honest liberty might ho allowed. He wishod tho Church of Scotland to act up to tho old adage, ' in things essential, unity ; in things indifferont, liberty ; iu all thingB cliarity.' (Loud applause.) ' That is tho spirit which should guide tho Church of Scotland ; and I think that much of oursectariunism might havo beon prevoutud if wo had had a little moro consideration for tho feelings and opinions of others, and if, in stead of digging ditches round ourselves and bragging hoiv much wo differed from every other church oa earth, we had made a foiv moro bridges (boar, heur), and had shown a little moro catholic feoling towards other churches ; if, instoad of look ing at our individual selves, wo had looked moro to tho feelings and opinions of tho country, as I ti.ink tho very genius of our National Church should bo inclusiveness as far as pos sible, and not oxclusivenoBs (upplauso) ; and if you hear any portion of your pooplo having strong opinions or feeliugs on any one matter, ho it church music or ho it tho liturgy, you should respectfnlly at least entertain tho question, and not put a peremptory stop to every change bocauso of some thing that was dono in 1G93 or 1707. Thoro novor was a greater delusion than to imagine that tho wish to havo an organ, tho wish to havo a more cultivated form of worship, has anything to do with Episcopacy. (Hear, and applause.) I beliovo that, instead of that, it is in order to keep back Episco pacy and tako tho power out of its hands. (Applause.) I make bold to say, as a minister of tho National Church of Scotland, that I think it is my duty, as well as in accordunco with my feelings, to stretch out a kind hand to ovory Scotchman ; and, if I could, a kind and protecting hand to every church in this kingdom. I would say, with perfect respect for tho Episcopal Church, ^yhich I often attend whon in England, and tho services of which I have used whon abroad for months togother, that never was thero a period sinco the Cove nanting times in which tho wholo clergy and office-bearers of tho Church of Scotland wore moro solemnly determined to resist , Episco- pacy than at this moment.' (Loud applause.) Tho General Assembly of tho Froo Church of Scotland commenced its sittings on the 18th May, Dr. Jamos Begg, tho modor&tor;, delivered the usual inaugural address, in the course of which he eulogised tho Froo Church, condemned tho Eras tianism in tho Church of Scotland, and tho errors and latitudinarianism of tho Clinch of England. Tho Synod of tho United Presbyterian Church commenced its sittings oa tbo 15th May. Tho com mitteo on tho proposed union with the Freo Church reported that tho Reformed Presbyterian Church and English Presbyterian churches had joined in the conferences ; and that, so far as tho negotiations had gone, thoy found a gonoral agreement in prin ciple, with eorao diversities of practice. As tho joint committee thought it necessary to move with care and deliberation, thoy were not yet prepared with a final report, and asked re-appointment. Tho synod resolved to express their interest in the statements of tho report, aud their gratification to learn that the conferences had again been characterised by' mutual frankness and brotherly confidence and affection, and to re-appoint tho committee to continue to prosecute tho object. Tho synod unuDimguBly agreed to an address, to bo transmitted to America, expressive of sympathy with tho brethren of thut country under the trial thoy hud experienced in tUo assassination of President Lincoln, and of tho cordial satisfaction with which the syiiud contemplated the ubolition of slavery in that country. Thoro is a society in England which is emerging into somo notoriety juBt now. It is of a quasi scientific character, and numbers among its members geologists like Sir Charles Lyell, physiologists like Professor Huxley, and travellers like Mr Richard Burton aud Mr Wiuwood Reudo. This society, it Booms, is no friend to missionary operations among tho heathen. Some of its members havo not hesitated to designate efforts of missionaries to Christianise tho negro as ' a wretched bubble,' and to assert that their converts are mado worse instead of hotter, tho male converts being thieves and liars, and tho females prostitutes. At n recont meeting of tho society, Mr Reado having read a paper, in which ho endeavored to show that tho negro race, owing to somo peculiarity of constitution, is unfitted for the reception of Christianity, Mr Burnard Owen applied himself to tho refutation of Mr Reade's fullacios. Mr Owen first gave a graphic sketch of the degraded condition in which the negro races aro found, whilo in their stato of hoathonism. He thon procoeded to trace tho history of tho missionary operations at Sierra Leone, in whoso population tho representatives of some 100 African tribes are to bo found. Ho quoted a successiou of testimonies to tho Buccess which bad attended tho missionary operations, aud to tho progress, not only of congre gregations and schools, but of other accompuni mouts of advancing civilisation. As instances of high mental and moral attainment among tho maligned raco, ho referred to tho caso of the negro bishop (Samuel iCrowther) and also to that of another negro minister (tho Rav. G. Nichol) who recently desired a friend to send him from England some books, foremost on tho list of which was ' Alford's Greek Testament' und an ' Arabic Lexicon.' Among tho obstacles to African progress, ho referred to the opposition of tho English traders, tho evil influence exercised by tho examples of English vices on tho nutives, and tho largo importa tion of ardent spirits.' On theso points ho said, ' What availed it that tho missionury should preach ohuatity and purity, when his fellow- countrymen scoffed at both and practised neither ? When tbo Bible that he presented was met by tho rum-bottle of the trader, whoso wholo lifo was a violation of thosa laws which the missionary had inculcated, and whose example was such that, well might tho heathen exclaim, ' Why preach to us or expect us to beliovo, when your own countrymen refuse the mes sage you boar, or to livo by tho rules you lay down V In tho face of obstacles suc!i as theso tbo Christianisation of tho negro has bo far succeeded that in 18G3, out of a population, ut Sierra Leone of 41,024 thero woro 15,180 Methedists, and 12,954 Episcopalians ; 11,010 children wero taught in tho schools ; aud during some years theso converts havo contributed us much us £10,000 for religious and educational purposes ; tho trade of tho colony is steadily growing ; tho population are rapidly learning the general customs of civilised society, and in many instances amassing wealth.' 