THE IIEADLESS IiORSE:I.AX ! A GIIOST STORY. BY A KILMIORE LOY. About fit':.- mil?s across the Murray on the New South 'Wales side, there is a place which bears the sugge:vt etiUe of the "Biack Gully.' Connected with this guliy there is a tale of blood and horror, which will make even the boldest qu=ae:, whoa it is so:ei?tnues told b," no0nei colad : b" the c.,.axy Iie:, whua the wind howi tiulrugil the brce!1I of the trees cn a rough night in th:e boI.sterous July or Aug;et of the, Austraia winter. This talc w.L toll to m., one night on the very spot the tragedy is' said to have been enacted. I here relate it as it was told to me; folr its truth I cannot vouch, but that something of the kind did actually ha'ppen here m:an 'ears ago 1 lhave not the lcastt doubt. To r .:!, is generally known and told in the ,nei: :lhahool, but varjying sj:neiwIt, in the detilis. 1 w:s campe , near the mouth of this gully once, on my way to 3elbourao with ' mob of cattle from a station in the north. I had a pretty good mob with me, about twelve hundred and n a some of the cattle were very wild I was obliged to be very ::trong had,:CJ, we were a:bout eighteen ia u:ml::ýer a; l i found it pretty hard work thca, for the c:;ttle would sometimes break away uin mobs ot'f a hundred at a thiit and lead us many a hot chase before we could head them back again. As ;we were in rather good country about this tife, and the cattle having fallen oif a good deal during the long journey, I deteri -iiuned to let the:n spell a bit, we theretore came along very slovly not more than three miles a dýy. On the 5th of March of a certain year I arrived at this gully, and having put tour men on to watch the cattle for the first ibur hours, we gathered round the fire to omoke and yawn until it was time to turn in. It wis a cloudy evening wnh squalls of wind and rain about every hour. The moon was near the fuil and 1vhen not obscured by a cloud shone out brightly. I had a man ~ith me named Ned, he was a native oft Sydney, snd an excellent stockm :n. lie was an in veterate yarn spinner, and night at' er nigmht would keep the whole camp in a continued roar of laughter while he related the history of his adventures in Sydney, or make their lihir stand on iln ead and their blood curdle in their veins at the-rehltion of somte horri ile deed perpetrated in the early dpvs of Bo. Stny Bay. hrd rdig unn::ged, to reach onr of the o ther stato be on the nest tch neis.f AfI determined to sit u peared or teomat hawked the lal-pae, ten. I sat besuraide the fihoure an huts, so that all that's left nowr is a black spot whereand thinkine grass wobuilnt grow, to markin the airspot whe., thor stad, It was my uone thof to,!d ,he the ya'ra Iamn goin ( to tellyou. It theall an pened was to bre withe burningue of the sta-te tion. Taere was " young fellow;'amed Hlarry Iriel employedout hat on thea ran aes von soeer. e quiet to-night -Ned ? was a native of Sydaay', and ona of the coal est and su;mrrtest" lanils among cattle that Wever cracu blessed if I kno.ipan wa cejole brated "but I do feel sort of queer to-nigrht, I` don'ti knthroughout the deulce isor his bold amd bril lia'nt horsemanship, l'e was a, fine ha,.dsomne generous young fellow -ndi was liked by, every one who kne:r him. Although the. Pergully was onlied the sttiother neve"your ept hink cattle lhere as it was too neatr the n3eighbour inhood of Spicy Mthe blackg. The ub ermaid to keep Mothem Williý's in S º dncv? " ll -Ned ? "No" sad' Ned. "T cant sa1 Ii w;a thiukmig] of ae t the other side, where though e word is quitwas I nice girl. No the fat is I wnearer thinking- someof the soiethiner stat hioaps. Wenedl, on this spot a longrr had started o in ?ach o fly a kidmob ofeatt weanedt." that was it 7 ed? Tell us whatr sidehap penedI? That's aver good fellow cried two be in, or the firee of the blotherks together. se i tha "1Well its a "hxos story, returned 'led' andirection a dlay kor telliwo beforeit. But if the Lcorde' blthen would like to hedi'r it I'llfear, and btrysid. Thed eove' reoferred to bee ings homyself anI thera dioubl consentled riande he carranged atdy possu, back. Itrug so that I mignear sunset then he farund him eaself hFresh logs gully appethrown oed tohe leire, andd i the Ned having seated himuself on the end of ai log, withio of the others groupen, ad aroud th tl heii with epareettion vividly pbnte Ldi furtheir he. de began the followin og story About u'~ ec -five y ears ago there was a 1. cattle station aibout twenty miles fromi this i rplace. It:n the tre n:tioa for one day theh. ble wacks rushed th aloa t ea d murderet god evpaere, wimothers stock of is ilhouse his hand all on the ady to beet e wrought r m d inot a mougn- scrathen Ifr'omia spear o. of t'ie L'ael skins threw at h:u::. sdepaidlir to a ort thoi thouicg shb, foex e twasing acroid \: .i:i and auge that he pullce of d short up took delib~erate aim at the bhlack rafello':;n each side d. iow manyve a yell owd I cil dead. My unech started oti again and by ho:ld ihave turnaged btok rather o o than ne other stations. su-t the blacksrb wh ere the black tomight bh planted ant poke, tc ueart the house an ll w tithot bing stooeen. It w a rry never trdreamt of such i a:1n jon to tell youha re ayedll hapenim ibefore td. He burning of the bust tion. T righr into i: at onuceo f e odl brought Pd 1 employ-ed on tae rill as orer eer. lII wahis a native rounf and anrie it in of the cotr est and smirtest nd among cattle tu.t eTmer erace was very stock-:iproubandesome to gelebrate throughout, and he got lony for his bolderc and hbil ' yx.mper was nearly torn to ra,,, when he ar l rived at horsemanship. liddle was a fin the handscrubo, he Swgenerous t oeng all abWk at seeing was lied bt? every one righo bknore him. Although tharr thoughull was on the station they never a bk l cattlow's e;unp and made tne it wal over with hood of te a ?on. Thet ughsed told liom it was non thing like ttside, gyahs ad isquite as Sthe blaxcks build, H~e had not heard of there Sbeingood and settlers on this sidome of the tatio, other stutions Ve' one day Harry had started out in i-Aol of a inoch of cattle rthat had ste~r d aI : 1i clu the other side. a4 it was the rihdesr point fromce the settled districts. Wof ll, he dc eid'nt senw whail theat deuce ton a dmake or two beu ors I've already tolde you 1 H arry was noi ntfear, and besides I e ed oh eter~mned to tid out all about it. Takig ae look at his horsi and to see that the caps wedouble ba all right, :ried at hisrd bakoldly Su to the dear suast he lie found hicoom-e'd. m-o answerm Se,, all was aill ai dppearedth. 1to ave anothe c' ooe icon ewhtii louder than the other, this li i holf might )e- l~dmgfrhru time he bearud omethint mo, in-se u . Hl s it r idn in th-e -' r' t' an of we slie was9 lrili'i~ -taln ,t a rett:, go idu~ace, c kith sharply witt th ii e inhis ?adle of his "stock whjp. still no answer caet o thi scrub, ex-l ou know he did'ha uhderstan. it anyhow. Afto lawt he made urd his :ind to erte the hua sucnd see itk tcrb where ...th bly.a might be ....t...d oie seu.,lrimu an''q in or hno ut baing dhseounted he threrv the reir dover th: horse's aeti, ready to 1is h'nd in ease he had to ru le nr it. The horse would thave r'tooi all dan. With rile ie hend he adb ivnted to the do?r ani tried it, in wihmns f.o tened, bu a vigorous kivck tio.n larr sent the frouil bark in a wih a cra-h, He tnuld see juno ow aro in he rvent an looked around the roo- ; id was juSt !ike all other hscr, the bi, Ire-phe, a ... ire stl ur:m " i,-'h a bil -lay on a stoabe aloagsid n o lt it. t arn'w srjus;t begrnnig, to think there low's o o1np and 1ad mi-cj a4al vrwt . wa no on • aher , "henaslighit tound caughit wahs near. He listenel intentyl amd thouih' "the bso ,- a " :," l e one were trying to bsmother their 1 nreathissideoh'.tile staein athe direction whmene the sound appeared to have come froW , he sdi' thak the hut was di deuded with mar, sheeto of i. , o- s ..i.e a tre 1 .to von .i.ar. wAs lot pcssum rug was h harted. Sowh in iuot of an openi'ng ou all bcurtain. Ha:ry lioe&\- this :ide and oeed s unto the endlos ..imd A o:os he saw nothanwe t ueh lieti I " ' "'~ .f~ ''.l o u on edtersnr bO1ilV into the room he sais eiwhat al fidmt ight appeared to be atban a sie of clothes; on goang nearer, for it was nearly dark, there being no window in the room he drw tha id t ried i it was fas ost a soon as ho mde the hud ico i peaseint mee kin, - As soo-wn as Harsy could vere froett t1h! urprie ediscovry had in thrown hlit abot lie stened anto assure her that hlie hd entions of doing anythin owhen sh ki hnd la t last lie succeeded in cal.ing her 'ath vel~l to' 1nkhe a loUg sto -v short hed thheshouldt the grl h om noro than sevente , anS pryed oettf hi she bad only been living in th hut alau t from Eugland the same diuy. 'Ir fa she said. was out shooting She appjearei , A be in ,great dread lest lie should coae h while Harry was there, and prayed of hira sort of a fellow her father was. When Harry got home it was very lat and they were all auxiou about him kno . ing the dangerous neighbourhood he hat been in. Harry said nothing about his ,,. enture to bu y uncle to whom IL told the whole story. From that day he bt. came an altered man. Before hlie va t avest of the gay, now he appeared to be alvsays in deep lthought. iHe did'nt seeta to |thin of his duties at all, although he went through the routine of them with a certin Spreeisiou the result of long practice. But it could ejslt be seen. that his thoughts were I otherwise engaged. He was now very often missifng the whole of the day. Oi one of these occasions he happened to be wanted at the Home station on very important bu.. ness; he Ywas waited for a long time, but -a the business did not admit of .iadi dr the o-ner started my uncle and aa other hand off in search oflhim. Well you s'3 ,j he maid told my uncle all about the hut in t"i Ssru hie concluded to try there a..t . Shen they arrived at the head of tih.- gif.. -perhaps just the spot where we are r,:;n l -theyheard a horse coming towards tCie: atfull speed. They of course thou~ht i: i was Hay, and it was too--But tr- and in. agine their liorrr when they sawI " the t horse cama rushing on, that 1Harry-oh'. God! it makes my blood run cold t. think of it- Harr wa dles! he blood w still dripping down fromn the neck .al run ni in little streams all over his jumper. Thii they had just time to notice as te e horse rushed by them in a mad gallop, bear g the lesstrk sitting upright in the saddle, with the reins apparently held in the orrible mockerv of death. 1 Oh Heavens it males me shudder to reeal \- the horrible stry. The man who wvas witi my uncle fell from his horse in deadly f.r, ,and he hiiaself had to cling to his horses neck to save himself from falling. When they recovered from the lirst sho.:k t?Le -were still too frightened to go after the head.' 1'~s liaorseman, therefore they made the bet ofthir way home and related the saran-.. sight they had witnessed. A large pkrtv?,f ;horsemen was immediately org.niseil and tarl for t hu in t. ':rb*. .1 , a the rrived nd tey fou:l th! Ila.e de. serted and dtrove'd. At the .'kL of the hut they found a sim:li :ojl o otd Sbut no ggle. suu u large : ast jii. , ; no; Harr y's, werc no: nIr.. L ed. Not beig able to di. -cr anyi si:s Sa human thy started 0:1 "n ihe tracks of thj hurse. They rode a lo;g a;:-r, and carched VtIC buhsh until nighlf.dl, whiea they cam1ed. At dav-break ihey were ;.i utin the S !e, aUd . :ut middk: the hr- wS d, founhaving pprent broke his L :g , huge !z. T iheadtss trit a of larry was I-foud iaste.ed to te addle be his o\wn saddle-stras. The Shed had been acut , o butm o h . t w lly believed tht llarr Shd been shot b the man while talking to ~thgr-h dcut oft amd the bodr strapped to the saddle and the horse started o beang i lifless freight as an exaiple e of svag and blood- thirstv revenge. The stockmen on the station ahvavs gave this phc a wide bifth and never ca:ne but when they were oblidged, and then never alone, fo the gul is said to be haunted by A swa upposedi to be looking avs on the night of the murder e is said to ride his wild chae S M uncle was one of a parnv who were Sobliged to ap hero one night about two yer after the events J have just told you So haene, and he told me solemnly that he had sound of a stokwhip cracking and a horse full gallop coming down the guilv, her lie as only undem this impres-ion SIom haing een Harrv in his wild ride I ddont know But he is'tfirmlv convinced that it ws h gost! And this is the very dar StNe murder A ed concluded hii stor" n t ence was ot broken for sonime minutes, S ile the pale fes of the stockmen showed hov they had been affected by the relation of te hoil tragedy they had just listened to. Suddenly d startled us all by jumnp ing up from hi sat, his face pale as death, S voice made painfully sharp metallic y fear, " Listen." S We listene a inttly, but everything was Squiet, notiig could be heard but the mielan. Scholy sighing of the wind through the bran Sches of the trees. We were all about to de r mand of ed what the deuce he meant br ;startling us in that manner, when again he n cried, "Ther it is again!" S Again we lisend and this time we heaIrd \- distinctly the distant sound of a stockwhip, and the borne on the wind caune the sound -t o a horse as if pressed to a mad gallop. As Si approached earer the very blood seemed Sto curdle in my veins, a cold'chill was over g my who body, large drops of perpiration \- rolled dwn fro y fore&-ead. Mv corn pmons seemed rooted to the spot," while Stir staring eyebals and ashy faces denoted Ste most dreadful gony of .ear. The sound t came nearer and nearer, and in less time than S have taken to tell it, suddenly emerged Sroma belt of timber close to one c.unp a Shug bullock in full career, close at his heels was a horsan, flourishing a stockwhip. e t then the moon which had been overcast Sbefore showed out brightly and- oh! horror OSa o horrors OSEM WAS liEAS , o words could possibly describe my hor v rornd dread, my tounge clove to the roof o nay outh, I uld not utter a sound, my s r seed to stand .on end,.my legs seemed e t be filig under and I was about to I- uink to the ground, when a toice from tl.? weetion of the flying apparition, which Icrt instantly recovered me Well your lot of coves, vou ar&:" s i:.? tip oica, Ir the d-- cnalt you gi x a f.l'owv a d 47th tiii9 Hitch." That's BilE" slil oilc u: : - . ; Sthe first to recover. ;t7'h1 of course it ii," Sa i' '"' te dCuce diI you think, it ;T.;. . o nvefleneariy knock d 0.2. ai of tree, :nd I can't g ater ti., =T== r~s soon e,!:;!ic. i. I t -i-i+ýr.: tnt a bkiuock bad broie tI. i h and the stocknUan L. d t.;rt (:i kcg"d him back. Hie w ureaa !.r chA ,'; orwooermade ofa rad Uabt with tinthenmidle through wicih he e:.a' u-ýt his herd. As this a .ar .'>>c A ip~ srmi, at the mo neat he p. "-d t:c =,Phe as trcflg to get rid Cf it, 'hu it go~t eiiteng1°d ."bouoit i his ,i EE e him the appearenc of ua iilm so after the hor'oli' Story we h *jl1 1 =t ntbeutvitlery ltle to pia. upai o:: Crited nerves to make u= *a r ti host of 1 va; mrecr; g thriow':ii .: busy in i of hishead Thus, aa miieat rwhich at nvothcr time iwould nut have r;ten an eatra bcc:t to the hert, for the munontt madec CO jsSn ad fools of us ail.* It feas severs ksbefcre I entirely recovered from the =:ýk my DeT te sustained, and evea t3 this r I feel a tremnour thieh I cannot conýt c! a nI hem= the gouion of a horse. I doit believe Ned cer got the better of ie iiesr:ek spoke a word the rest of the i, tlelbourne, 'when he suddeuk- disap.. ;,e.ired and I hLre never set eyeLs on him 