LETTERS TO THE EDITOR THE STUHT STREET MONSTER. SIR,-Although without aay taste lor seeing mon sters in general, or monsters in human form in par ticular, 1 thought I might as well have a look at the monster summoned to appear , in Sturt street on Saturday evening. Granted that it was a veritable ep.cimen of the genus monster, I think its sponsors ought to confess that, iike Mr Midshipman Easy, at one period of his life, it was a very small one. The spectacle upon the platform struck me as being one of those which John Leech would have loved to immortalise. From the chairman, of what some irreverently call the idle, not the industrial league, the councillor majjing almost eastern salaams to the majesty of the mob, the pallid countenances of the principal orators, whether by virtue ol inspirations drawn from the pump spout or from burning that particular oil said to be most efiectiye at midnight hour, the sable politician, humorously termed by some "Pepper's Ghost," und who seems to be as much of an institution at any public meeting in Ballarat as the far-famed Derby day, on Epsom Downs, to the Israelite indeed, whether with or without guile this deponent eaith not, but who certainly told the truth when he said ho ap peared to somewhat of a disadvantage, all was in admirable keeping. The oratory was of the usual effective style for such occasions, appro priately styled stump. The lately chosen of Bal larat West took for his text, voxpopuli, vox dei. With that instinctive genius possessed by his class, hepro ceeded to administer the amount of soft sawder well known to be necessary by all those who live by the breath of popular applause. The Council of course came in for their share of abuse, but how an elected body couid be non-representative and unresponsible he did not stay to explain. One notable discovery seemed to be made; no words were sufficient in which to extol the wisdom of the Governur. Cer tainly great events do sometimes spring up from small causes. The Governor, who till recently has been looked upon as neither better nor worse than many others, is now exalted to the highest Bphere of poli tical perfection. He has, it is said, made for him self a name in the imperishable page of history. Very probably he haB, but aB to what sort of a name opinions differ. The Government whip followed, and of course praised the coach he has the pleasure of helping to drive. If to the catalogue of its virtues he had added that it was eating, drinking, washing and lodging to JoneB, all would doubtless have con curred. Hiving announced the brilliant astrono mical discovery that no moonshine was to be had under the stars that evening, though, by the way, the moon being but in the first quarter, was then rising, but court jesters always used to have some license, and why should not they now. The orator proceeded to eulogise the extremely quiet, orderly, well-behaved meeting before him. .Rather unfortunately, just at that moment two of these quiet people, after going through the customary amount of hard-swearing, prepaied to fight. Happily the police being on the spot, peace was restored. The miserable Council was next alluded to. Such an amount of money, coupled, as it is well known to be, with houses and lands, and gold in the banks, seems very easily to borne. I doubt whether Mr Jones would mind being made miserable himself, in the same v,'ay. After this " wisdom cried, and understanding put forth her voice," in the shape of Mr Blair, bu^. with the old result. Then the penny trumpets joined in the chorus of the big bass viols, and the meeting dispersed. Now 1, for one, am at a loss to know, supposing this monster had stretched from the hustings to the Hospital, instead of covering, as it did, but a few yards in front of the speakers, what good could possibly have resulted from it ? Num bers powerfully ali'ect the result when the last dread appeal to the sword iB made, but I hold the opinion of one well-educated man is more likely to be cor rect than that of 10,000 the reverse. The character of a crowd has not materially altered, I believe, since Sir Walter Scott apostrophised it as " this changeling fool, this common crowd." A mass poli tical meeting always reminds me of Theodore Hook's celebrated satire upon the tinkers : These stout men of metal, Who think they can settlo The State, if a kottlo They're ablo to mond. And it n no disgrace whatever to an artizan or working man not to have studied political economy very deeply. It is a science. There is no royal road to learning any more than any other. Mr Gladstone, upon introducing bis eon to the electors of Cheater, apologised for his youth by stating that statesman ship required an apprenticeship aB well as any other profession. And in iny opinion the workman who makes even a wheelbarrow well and cheaply, is a better citizen than the man who goes about murder ing the Queen'B English, garbling and misquoting authorities upon the questions at iseue before the colony at the present time. Every man iB entitled to his opinion, and to express it, so long as he does not do so offensively to others; but opinions lightly proved, upnn questions requiring the most serious consideration and careful investigation, cannot be of the slightest value. X am, &c;, biQKEi, 9th October. 