. ADELAIDE. I . Tuesday. Doctor Ayliffe, in a lotter to ono of tho daily pap< advises tho Govornmont to stop tho exportation brcadstuffs. BILLY D.UIOAN.-This black tracker, who has b< in tho police force about threo years, died very euddei on Saturday last. At ton ia tho morning ho appeal tobo in ureat agony, but bocamo eosior, and died abc noon. His last and crowning exploit was tho part took in tho capture -of Ben Hall. Inspector Davids spoke of his conduct on that occasion as being admiral His remains woro handed over to Ibo undertaker, a on Sunday morning ho was quietly buried in tho Pr bytorinn portion of tho cemetery. Nb ono attended t funeral. Ho was a nativo of tho Bogan, and we carly into tho service of Mr. Dargan, of Bathurst, a: for somo years was on tho Bogan. Ho gavo his ago twenty-two.-^Lachlan Reporter. Ciurtoi; OP CATTLE-STEALINO AGAINST A SQUATTER. On Wednesday, tho 18th October, Jeremiah Xiohnno, Coppabella Station, was charged at tho Gundar. Police Court with stealing a bullock, tho property Mr. J. P. Sheahan, of. Jugiong. Mr. Robcrtso solicitor, of Tumut, appeared to prosecute on behalf tho Crown, and Mr. Ilyall defended tho prisonor. J application was mado to tho Bench to allow tho p: Boner a seat in tho body of the court, as he was said bo suffering from sickness. Tho Bench refused grant the permission, asany distinction in tho treatmo of rich and poor men in the dock wnsnptto bo mi understood. J. P. Sheahan deposed : I nm an in hooper and grazier, residing at Jugiong, and ha' cattlo 'running on Jugiong Crook; tho brand of rt cattle running there is . IS under half-circli Potcr Hart has been in charge of ray cattlo f olovon years; ho has tho complota manag mont of them. It is his solo business, and make.a point of lotting him deliver alMho cattlo I sel ho has complained to mo several times bf missie cattlo; tho boundnry of tho Coppabella station conn down to Jugiong Creek ; I sold liva 'hunderod head < cattlo to Lohnno in July last. Peter Hart deposed : 21 Shcahan's cattlo havo been in my solo chnrço for clove years; Mr. Iiohano'a Coppabella station adj oit Jugiong Creek ; on tho 11th October Phillip Shcaho and 1 wont to Coppabella suspecting "that a cow of M Shcahan's had been killed there ; I wont to tho hous and saw a man named Peter, and wo thou nil went I tho shed together to look at somo hides; wo foun two; ono of thom was tho rod and whito bulloc hido nowproducod, which I identified ns tho hido of bullock belonging to Mr. Sheahan; I Una it boforo I saw tho brands hy two peculiar whil spots, and marks on tho sides and flanks ; I know tl: bullock well ; Phillip Sheahan saw tho hido too ; v brought it way with us to Mr. Shcahan's ; in July las I dolivored fivo head of cattlo to Mr. Xohano, by.tli order of Mr Sheahan ; I romomborthe colours of thei all ; there was ono yellow-bullock, ona black and whit ono light bluo strawberry, and ono reddish roan ; tli cow had yellow sides, with whito back ; I call tho hid now in courfca'red and whito one-P. S. Sheahan, tl son of Mr. J. P. Sheahan, ' was then ¿alic and corroborated tho ovidence of tho pro vio u witness. Mr. Itobortson said tho man Pott Waring'had very mysteriously disappeared Binco th hido had boon found. Tho police lind used overy eilbi to lind him, but without success.-Tho Bench though tho 'disappearance of tho man Peter was very euspi cious, as ho living where tho cattleworo always killed must moat 'likely havo known whether tho char« against Lehano was true or not.-John Conroy wa called for tho defence, and said: I havo boen ii Lohnno's employ sinco March last ; Hart left (Ivo heai of fat cattlo ra tho Reedy Creek ynrd in July last j thei colours wore-a blade and whito spotted bullock, a roi and whito ono, a dark roan, tho fourth I do not know and a strawberry cow ; I swear positively thnt tho hid produced' in oourt belonged to ono of theeo beasts ; saw tho mnn Peter on Tuesday week ; Peter lins livei nt Coppabella about threo ' months ; on Tuesda; night when I returned from Reedy Creek, -whero I ha! ¡ boon about this boast,ho was gono ; ho alway* assistoc ! to kill the cattlo :; tho description given by Potcr Har i of tho four bullocks, as woll as hisown, was hero roac to tho witness, and ho nskod if ho could explain tin difference botweon them. Ho said ho had mado i mistnko ; ho meant tho light bluo strawborry, instoac of tho red and whito ono, and that tho hido producoc in court was a dark roan. Tho reekle68 manner it which this witness gave his ovidonco called forth some very strong remarks from tho bondi, and rendered ii quito worthless. Tho Bondi committed tho prieonoi for trial at tho Quarter Sessions to bo held on the 23rc Octdbor (Monday last). Bail allowed-prisoner in £20C and -two sure tics in' £100 each.-Abridged from thc Gundagai Herald. Dimpoo -It :B no longer allowablo to ovado tho con- fession that tho rust is again likely to infeot tho wheat generally. Tho past week has elicited proofs of thc oxiatoneo of tho disoaso in many of tho carly and nearly ripened crops, and tho lato wheat is consequently thought to bo in oxtromo jeopardy. No great fears aro entertained regarding tho carly wheat, becauso it ie moro vigorous and nearer maturity than tho early wheat was, last year, at tho time it was smitten. Tuero ara somo crops intended for tho reaping-hook, in tho coarto of a week or so, and thoy togothorwith others nearly as advanced aro supposed to bc out of danger. So that, although there is an ond to tho anticipations of a heavy and porfeotly healthy harvest. Ibero is no dread of such swooping ravages as wcro inflicted last year. Nb rain jot, and tho heat excessive. October 28, 1805.-Cor irespondont Maitland Mercury. ACCIDENT AT Monr-ETir.-An accident of a very painful natura happonod to a lad named Joseph Tierney, nt Mr. Keating's saddlory establishment at Morpeth, on Saturday last, by which ho lost tho two first joints of tho forefinger of the loft hand. It appears <no ono .hoing presont) that ho was turning mid feeding a ma- chino tor tearing hair, and, whilst turning tho llanillo with hie right hand, ho placed tho Anger of his; left, from somo unaccountable causo, in tho cogs of a small whcol or pinion at tho sido of tho machino, which crushed tho hones into splinters. It was thought nt first, whon ho carno from tho ninehino-room with his right hand holding his left, that his floger lind boon drawn in botweon tho : feeding rollers ; such, however, was nat tho cace. Dr. Getty promptly attended to tho wounded ilngorj and, on inquiring on Saturday o vening, woinro glad to lonni tho lad is doiug as woll ns could bo oxpootocL-- Maitland Morcury. ? INVEBELL.-Shearing-is in full operation. ; Tho different sheds havo mado their arrangements, and occasionally a mob. of shooters will rush into tho town to ho thomsolvea shorn. Whon thoir cheques, Uko .Banquo's ghost, havo vanished into thin air or grog, a bush intimation from tho landlord will remind this useful class of mon of tho fact, who aro then soon in tho saddle, and off again to strip tho flocce. We havo lind a long winter, nnd at tho present time occasionally of a night slight frosts provail, blighting tho fruit trees and damaging tho oorly potato crops. The aphis is boooining n post to vogotation ; X hnvo observed it upon beans, radishes,- applo trees, wheat, barloy. and flower shrubs. I'rom whonco does this littlo plague conio T Is it an atmospheric production, and can it bo>i exterminated ? 1A prizo essay upon tho subject might provo bcnoiloial to agriculturists, and advantageous to, lia publia generally. Our wheat crops aro looking woll, but would bo greatly improvod by a soaking raia ' Correspondent MiutmnU Mercury. I 