Local & General Intelligence Singular Phenomenon. — On the 11th instant, just past midnight, and whilst the schooner Mary Ann, belonging to Mr. Henderson of this city, was lying off and on outside within a mile and a half of Nobby's, a sudden fall of hailstones took place, literally filling up the deck of the schooner to the top rail on the lee side, and laying her completely on her beam ends. Fortunately there was but little wind accompanying the hail squall, otherwise Captain Williams was of opinion the vessel would have capsized. It took all hands nearly three hours with shovels to clear the deck of what, in many cases, proved to be large irregular pieces of ice, which bad been deposited in such a ma*s in little more than fifteen minutes. At the snise time that this was occurring on board within a mile or so from land, no portion of the hailstorm in question fell on shore.— Newcastle Tele graph. Starving Sheep. — Mr. J. S. Pearson, of Canally, was summoned to appear before the Balranald court, on the 21st October, to answer a charge of cruelty to animals, inasmuch as be caused to be put iu a yard 150 sheep, the property of Mr. M'Callum, and kept them in the yard from the 26th to the 30th September, without either food or water, thereby causing the death of ten sheep. In the absence of Mr. Pearson, he was represented by Mr. John Hawks. Mr. Peter Beveridge, who tried the case, said it was evident a great cruelty had been committed, and fined defendant £5. The fine was paid under protest.— Pastoral Times. Narrow Escape. — The manner in which contractors often perform their contracts is a subject continually being discussed and com mented on ; and plasterers in particular are oftener cursed than otherwise. It is, however, a notorious fact that very few plaster ceilings stand for any length of time in Tumut j whether it be from bad material, too little hair,, or bad workmanship it is not our province to meddle with, suffice it to say that on Monday evening the ceiling in one of tbe newly erected rooms at the Tumut Court-house, and occupied as a dormitory by the C.P.S., fell down in a mass, and but for the fact of Mr. Blake's head being protected by a sbelf it would in all probability have seriously injured him. As it was, no damage was fortunately done beyond a nocturnal fright. Division of Circuits. — By a proclamation, it has been declared that the colony shall cease to be divided into three Circuit Districts, called the Northern, Southern, and Western districts, and shall henceforth be divided into six Circuit Districts, to be called respectively the Mait land, the Bathurst, the Goulburn, the Wagga Wagga, the Deniliquin, and the Armidale Circuit Districts. A Musical Prodigy. — The Melbourne Argus of 20th instant mentions that at a concert given by Signor Cutolo at the Town Hall, Prahran, on the previous evening he brought forward a youthful debutante, a violinist but six years of age. The command this little performer has over his instrument is really surprising. In such a case there is no more to be said, without, indeed, it is to echo the statement of Signor Cutolo, that the ' infant Australian mu sician displays an amount of talent which, with cultivation, will place him among the first violinists of the day.' Melbourne Teams. — In one of our con temporaries we read that Mr. War by of Wagga Wagga has had goods delivered to him from Melbourne, a distance of 350 miles, in fourteen ?lays. One of our storekeepers has already commenced to. do business in Melbourne, at which place he finds he can get supplied much cheaper than in Sydney, can get his goods yuaranteed delivered within three weeks and carriage not to exceed .£12 per ton. With such advantages, our Sydney merchants will have to open their eyes to their country trade. Wagga Wagga Markets. — In flour an advance of £2 per ton has been made this week, fine being now quoted at i-28, and seconds, £26. Hay, oats, potatots, and every other description of produce is very scarce. Hay is worth from ,=£18 to £20, and at this moment a large quantity could be disposed of in this market. Oats are worth 10s. per bushel, and potatoes, j£14 per ton. — Express. Mail Robbery. — Information has been received by the police that the Western mail has been stuck up and robbed by a bushranger on the 16th lastant, on the road between Taroom and the Condamine. — Guardian. The W'eather continues very dry, and Wlt.hfVllf. the aliaVltpat indinatinn e\f ruin HPUa i.awuwwv wuw ww^uvwuu tUUlUHtJlfli l/| AUIUl .LUG temperature is very warm, the mercury rising as follows : — Monday 90, Tuesday 94, and Wednesday 100 degrees in tbe outside shade. Mail Contracts. — We understand that the tenders of Mr. W. Smiles for the Tumut and Adelong mail, and of Mr: Thomas Madigan for the Tumut and Gundagai mail, have been accepted by the Government. Escorts. — The last Kiandra escort took down 196 ozs. 18 dwts.; .and that from Burrangong 559 ozs. 4 dwts. The Crops in the Hunter District. — The Mercury learns with pleasure that reaping was commenced at the Wollombi, on Friday last, and the crops are yielding most satisfactory returns. At Anambah the wheat crop is looking splendid, and reaping will probably be com menced there before the end of this week. Migration of Birds. — The migration from the interior of emus, turkeys, and other large bird* into the more settled districts continues, evidently caused by the want of water in their more accustomed haunts. Nine large pelicans were recently seen near Burrangong. Advertising Bad Marks.—- It appears that the bakers of Launctston have adopted a some what novel plan in order to secure prompt payment of their accounts. They announce by an advertisement in the Examiner that they intend to register the names of those parties who do not pay their accounts, with a view of publishing a list of tbe defaulters with the amount of their debts. [Newspaper proprietors should adopt a similar plan, for some people really imagine that the members of this profes sion need not-be paid their debts.] Permits to Purchase. — The following persons have been permitted to purchase im- proved Iands, as under : — John Fletcher, Gilmore gold-field, 1 rood 30 perches, appraised value £4. John Callaway, Gilmore gold-field, 3 roods,. £3. Thomas Callaway, Adelong gold field, la. lr. 24 p., £5. William Beaver, Gilmore gold-field, 2 acres, £5. Prison-breaking at Port Macquarie. — We learn from Captain Chatfield, of the Boomerang, that on passing Port Macquarie, on Thursday, he was boarded by the pilot stationed there, who stated that seven long sentenced prisoners had that morning escaped from the gaol, two of whom were ia irons. It was rumoured that one of them had been shot, but this statement has not been authenticated. The breach made in the gaol wall, and through which they had made their exit, could be plainly seen from the steamer, which was a mile and a half from the shore ; at that distance it appeared to be about three feet wide. One of the prisoners is named Eean or King. A corres pondent informs us that the runaways were seen about 5 o'clock by Mr. Butler passing his residence and making for the bush. Every effort is being made to recapture them. Two of the warders are meanwhile suspended. An inquiry is to be held this afternoon by the police magistrate. — S. M. Herald, Snakes. — The hot dry weather is causing the snakes to emerge from their winter quarters, and we often hear of encounters with these reptiles, which generally result in their dispatch. On Tuesday last a large one of the brown species was making its way into the house of Mr. Nathaniel Revell, but being perceived by Mrs. Revell, she seized the first things at hand, viz. a flat iron and a brick, and with them she did battle, and that effectually. We have also heard .that one day last week Mr. Henry Sharp of Greenhills killed a black snake which measured thirteen feet. Persons travelling, through the bush just at this season should be aware of these dangerous reptiles. The Crops in the Braidwood District. — Tbe continued absence of the long prayed for blessing of rain has, within the past few days, completely disheartened the farmers, and taken away the last vestige of hope remaining as to the safety of their crops. The oats are now thoroughly lost, and the wheat is rapidly displaying more conspicuously its sered and yellow tinge, and giving up the ghost like all the other withered fruits of the soil, so different from tbe appearance under which we have been in the habit of viewing them at this season of the year, decking and beautifying the fields, the gardens, and the meadows, and cheering the heart of man and beast, and all things living, but which are now all rapidly succumbing to the same inexorable fate of premature decay and ruin. The picture is truly a dismal one. A great, number of our farmers have during tbe week, turned their cattle into their fields to eat down the grain, preferring by this means to save their beasts, and trust to tbe truant rains that may set in hereafter for a second crop. — Dispatch. Architectural. — Ia another column will be found an advertisement from Mr. Charles Mayes, a gentleman of high, credentials as an Architect and Civil Engineer.. It is due to this gentleman to state that the drawings for the beautiful mansion about to be erected for James Robertson, Esq , were prepared by him, and stamp him at once an Architect of no mean pretensions. Mr. Mayes is also . the inventor of a cheap and effective method of irrigation by means of a wind-pump, by which reservoirs or water-holes are supplied with water by those very, winds which, left alone, are rather a curse (by their evaporating properties) than a Messing. Being possessed of scientific knowledge, Mr. Mayes is a gentle man strongly recommended for the preparation of plans end specifications for buildings &c.; Serious Accident. — A very serious accident occurred at Blowering on Monday fast. It ap pears that Mr. Harris, who is at present staying with Mr. E. G. Brown, was endeavouring to catch a young colt in the stockyard, when the animal made a jump and in so doing knocked Mr. Harris down, and in falling he received a kick on the right side of the face. At first it was thought that the young man was killed, but after a while he rallied, when a messenger was despatched to Tumut. for Dr. Large, who lost no time in repairing thither. When he ar rived Mr. Harris' face bad so swollen that it was impossible to ascertain if the jaw were broken ; but Mr. Harris thinks it is not. The usual treatment was adopted, and on Tuesday we heard that the injuries sustained were not so dangerous as at first suspected. 