RANDOM RAPS. Hit the Second. Oh ! fond attempt to give a deathless lot To names ignoble, born to be forgot. By the time when Lord Macaulay's celebrated New Zealander goes to view the ruins of St. Paul's, and spout a lot of rant and trash on the downfall and decay of nations, &c.;, after the fashion of our album-writing scribblers of the present day, we presume that the existing state of affairs will have undergone some material alterations. For instance, our New Zea- land travelling friend himself will probably have taken a monthly return ticket to Europe and back by the Grand Unlimited Cosmopolitan Puff and Blow Company's Patent Aerostatic Space-annihilating Tra- jector; having determined to do the grand tour in style while the cheap trips are on (fare to Europe and back five notes). Our English letters, too, will be delivered before breakfast, along with the morning's Courier, and no doubt people will wonder how their slow old forefathers managed to jog along with only a monthly mail, and that never here when due, con- found it! By this time too, it requires no great stretch of a vivid imagination to suppose that Queensland will have emerged from its present semi-civilized state, as re- gards polite learning, to be an enlightened and highly refined nation; and that the pleasant little joke comparing Ipswich to the great seat of ancient learning will have become a reality. Not that we mean to disparage our Athenian compatriots, for we doubt not they are at least equal to any other community in the colony. Still the most enthusiastic resident of our West End must admit that at present the joke is too apparent to be mistaken. When this golden age shall have arrived (more to be desired than all the auriferous deposits of Hokitiki) no doubt a fair share of the savants and literati of this far-off time will turn their attention to the antiquities of the country, and truly a wide field will be found for their labors. In Europe even, at the present time, the numerous learned societies find ample scope for their enquiries, to judge by the volumi- nous reports and papers of the Muddle brain-cum-Stoke-fogey Literary Philological and Antiquarian Association, and other brilliant lights of a kindred character which have done such great service to mankind in general and nobody in particu- lar. Now these societies have good grounds to work upon, and when a name has been hunted back to its original form and stripped of the disguises with which it has been invested by age, it will generally be found forcible and pure, besides usually being based upon some well-understood principle of nomenclature. Our Queens- land antiquaries of the future, however, will have a task before them to which this is more child's-play ; for we, wiser than our simple and unsophisticated forefathers, call to our aid words culled indiscrimi- nately from every language or dialect ever invented since the building of Babel; of course including the choice Billingsgate so fashionable at present in all classes of society. This being the case, and as our country is fast being named, the huge blanks in the maps constantly becoming smaller by de- grees and beautifully less, it may be of interest to make a short enquiry as to some of the leading rules by which our onama- tologists are guided. Like a good solid sermon of the olden times, we may say that our subject naturally divides itself into three heads, each of which has many subdivisions. The first is the rule which finds universal favor amongst our modest surveyors, and may be briefly stated thus:—Call the main features of the country you survey after any great man you know, such as yourself for instance; by this means your name may be familiar as household words in the mouths of remote posterity. This rule is so often applied that it has become quite the rage amongst a certain class, and its effects are manifested in the Brown, Jones, and Robinson Ranges which we find all over the colony. Sometimes a slight change is introduced by their affixing the Cockney termination ville or the Latin chester, so as to give their friends some idea of their accom- plished tastes. After having emblazoned their name in this manner sufficiently to satisfy future generations that they were somebody in their time, the next thing is to modify the above rule by calling the less important features after their friends, rela- tives, and acquaintances ; or, even if hard up for a title, using that of their man of all work; hence we get the Tom, Dick, and Harry Creeks, which flow towards every point of the compass. An agreeable variation, too, is often used by the young bachelor part of the surveying community, who pay a similar compliment to the "lady of their love," and thus we occa- sionally meet with a Jemima Gully, or a Martha Ann Waterhole; but, of course, numerous examples of all the modifications of the above rule will at once occur to the reader. "We may mention as a sort of rider to this rule, the freqnent adoption of the names of places in other countries, thus providing a fruitful source for future perplexities and mystifications. As to their utility we confess that is quite beyond us, and though such names as Warwick, Ipswich, &c;, may, and no doubt do, mean something as the principal towns of the counties in which they stand, what they mean here may well be left by us to their intelligent sponsors. We do not, however, object so strongly to such names as Waverley, Ivanhoe, Cressbrook, &c.;, for they both satisfy the ear and cannot lead to mistakes at the Post-office. The second rule is of quite another character, and though frequently used cannot boast of quite as much popularity as the preceding. It runs somewhat as follows :—Employ names which will point out the nature and character of the locality or object which you mean to indicate. Our intelligent friends, however, use this rule in a rather limited sense, their stock of adjec- tives, we presume, being somewhat low; for instance, when applying it to a creek there are only about three characteristics in these monotonous streams. Go north, south, east, or west, and ask the name of the next water, and if it is not one of the Tom, Dick, and Harry class, it is almost sure to he Dry, Oaky, or Sandy Creek. The latter is an especial favorite, and Little Sandy Creeks and Big Sandy Creeks are ubiquitous. The third rule is pretty generally ignored by our surveyors, though frequently used by squatters and gentlemen of taste. This is, to adopt as often as possible the native names. Having now stated the rules in the order in which they are employed at present, we may observe that they might all be used judiciously, only the order should be re- versed. The native names are by far the best and most suited to the genius of the country. For beauty they cannot be sur- passed, being often so euphonious and poetical as to vie in these respects with any other language on the face of the globe, and though there may he a few ex- ceptions, such as Yeerongpilly (the only use of which seems to be that it affords a good rhyme for silly), and others of a like character, yet how sonorous are such names as Toowoomba, Tabinga, Carroomba, Taromeo, Jimbour, Carragundi, and a thousand others which will at once suggest themselves. The native names, therefore, we contend, ought to form the basis of our nomenclature, and if nearly universally applied, a grace, unity, and harmony would be produced, such as can never be whilst the present patchwork system is carried on. As to the next rule, a careful and limited use of it might be allowed; but, in the name of common sense, let us have no more Oaky Creeks, Iron Pot Gullies, or One-mile Scrubs, &c.;, which are enough to drive a man to distraction. If the sur- veyors could only enlarge their minds a little, and find out a few other adjectives of quality, names of this class might form a useful guide to the nature and quality of country, &c.;, the only grounds on which such a rule could have been formed. With regard to the great regulation so much in vogue at present, and which stands first upon our list, we question its propriety so much that instead of regarding it as a rule at all, we would incline to look upon it rather as an exception to be used only on great occa- sions ; so that the rarity of the distinction might enhance the honor. When a man has done well for his country, by giving his name to some majestic mountain, it is as though Nature herself had raised an en- during monument of his fame to testify for ever to his greatness. Leichhardt and other noble men of his stamp deserve such a memorial, and they have indeed had it; but where is the honor, when little petty nobodies, or, at best, respectable mediocri- ties, whose deeds will never enrich or benefit the nation, can and do obtain the same distinction every day ? But what shall we say to the practice of giving to places widely separated, names so similar as to be almost duplicates. In calling our metropolis Brisbane, an ap- propriate compliment was paid to the able Governor who so greatly furthered the interests of the colony, but when a river far remote from that on which our city stands is called the Brisbane water, we can only say that the individuals who named the latter ought to have paid all the expenses of the gentleman who came here to look for it, which was certainly a very natural proceeding on the part of a stranger. The same stupid thing has been done again to the North, and though we concur in calling the rapidly rising town- ship of Bowen after our present Governor, whose undoubted abilities and sterling worth have deserved the highest distinction it is in our power to bestow, still we con- tend that to have another place a couple of huudred miles away called Port Bowen, is not only quite unnecessary but highly reprehensible, as apt to lead to numerous errors. Before closing these rambling remarks, we will just briefly advert to a change in name which we believe is on the carpet; but as it reminds us of a somewhat similar affair which once took place in a northern county in England, we are inclined to give the latter first. An old-fashioned village was known by the highly romantic name of Bullock Smithy, which quite contented its humble and simple-minded inhabitants. In the course of time, however, a more genteel race sprang up, to whose cultivated ears this name was an intolerable nuisance. At last in desperation a council was called to adopt some other name; after many had been suggested and rejected, the poetical one of Hazel Grove was at last unani- mously adopted. But alas! this well- meant attempt proved a complete failure; to them, indeed, their village might be Hazel Grove, but to the rest of the world, it was still Bullock Smithy, and will so continue to the end of the chapter. To come nearer home, Bigge's Camp we admit has not a very romantic sound, and besides it might soon be corrupted into Big Scamp, which would be but a doubtful compliment to the gentleman after whom we suppose it has been called. A change would, there- fore, not be very objectionable, provided it is for the better; but there's the rub. Now a change is about to be made, and such a change! A gentleman, " whose name weo may not name," has conceived a mighty thought on the subject, and so hereafter in all plans, maps, &c.;, issued by authority, the plebœan Bigge's Camp is to be ruthlessly deposed, and the patrician Grandchester is to reign in its stead. Grandchester, forsooth ! as if our country was filled with immense Roman remains. Far, far preferable is plain Bigge's Camp, bad as it is. But it is a pun argues the namer. We are much obliged for the information, and believe that, now we have been told, we can see a faint glimmer of this most imbecile joke. Still, if any gentleman does not see it at once, we shall not set him down as an abso- lute muff, for instead of being a solid Eng- lish one, it is the merest Pepperian ghost of a ghastly pun in a dead language, and as such is, of course, a dead failure. The change, however, is settled on, and hereafter, no doubt, Grandchester will figure as a station on our Grand Trunk Railway, but we shall not soon shake off the remembrance of its old name, and as wo fly past by the express train, at the rate of six miles per hour, we shall sigh for homely Bigge's Camp (ugly as that name may be), and think with a sad heart of the fate of Bullock Smithy. FABER. 