-TUB PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. THE concluding meeting of thc first General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New Soutli Wales was Jield on Monday evenuig last in the Presbyterian ?Church, PhiUip-strcct. Some business remaining ?over from tho previous meeting having been disposed of the Moderator delivered the following address, afier which he adjourned the Asäembly to meet on ihc second Wednesday in October, 18CC : Fathers and Brethren,-At tho closo of this, (ho first -"encrai assembly of our utiilcd Church, I am porsuaded That (ho feeling which is uppermost in tho breasts of all of tis is ono of gratitudo io God for the harmony which hns marked our proceedings, nnd for the pledgo thus furnishod <if harmonious futuro action. With tho full freedom of discussion characteristic of Presbyterian Church Courts, oud with a variety of questions before us sufficient to test .our unanimity, there has been gratifying evidence of tho homogeneousness of tho hitherto separated elements which Jinvo now happily coalesced. Wc did not miscalculate the jnnount of natural nfllnity which former divisions veiled, hut which finds npproprinto expression in our prosont Uuion. On all vital points-on all points essential (o common .fiction as a Church-wo aro proved to ho nt one ; and oven where personal beling might have been supposed to endanger collision, tho healthy prevalence of a common .sentiment throughout tho body asserts tho ascendency. Perfect decorum has been maintained in debate, tind there has been an exemplary spirit of mutual forbearance and conciliation. That spirit has only to con- tinue, nnd, by tho blessing of God, our Union will become mere and more consolidated and perfected, Tho worst iStrifes of tho Church have been strifes within. Contro veisy, indeed, is sometimes needful. It must not be shrunk from when (ruth and duty cali for it. Ponce, fouuded otherwise (han on truth and righteousness, is hollow and .deceitful, and nnworihy of tho nnmo. The King of 7,\ m is " first king of righteousness, and after thnt kiug of jpenco." But controversy in tho Church is often tho mero ?offspring of human pnssion ; and, even where it is other- wise, human passion (oo often enters into it, and corrupts it, In either caso it is only evil, and that continually. By means of it tho Church preys upon itself. Tho strength of ibo Church becomes wasted in internal warfare, instead of being put forth ngninst tho common foo; and, in tho .encounter of contending pnrties, piety languishes nnd love expires. What a blessing, on the other hand, is (ho flos- sing cf pence !-not the peaco of unworthy compromiso or unrighteous connivnnco, but tho peaco which shows itself in fellow-Christians "speaking tho truth in hive, " exer- cising mutual candour and concession, and exemplifying tho nposloliccanon, "Whereto wo have already attained, let us walk hy the same rule, let us mind tho same thing ; and, if anything, we bo differently minded, God will rovoal even this unto us. " Neither is the poace to Le desired-tho pence of indifference and in aeli.ai- which, liko tho calm of tho stagnant poul, bespeaks putrescence nnd death, and proves tba! tho Spirit of God is not moviug on tho face of thc waters. Tho grand security for a sonad and healthy ponce in n Church is thc earnost notion of its members in the Church's propor work. Why is it that a church almOBt always enjoys internal peaco in times of per- secution, but becnuso it has common work to do which leaves no room for strife, which necessitates co- operation, and which requires tho solaco of mutual sympathy nnd love.' And, in tranquil times, there is still common work for a Church, but in nn opposita direction. Its business then is not so much (hat of more defence as of aggression. " There remaineth yot much land to bo possessed," and it must go up md possess it." Lot it only awake to its obli- gations, and bo up nnd doing in its Lord's sorvice, and for the talvntion of (ho perishing;, and community of fooling will spring out of community of action, in tho midst of which controversy will bo hushed, and the only provoking of ono another left bo n " provoking to love and to good works." Hie grand reconciler of nlienations in feeling, and cvonof conflicting opinions, is reawakened earnestness in practical .Clirialiau action. "If any man will do his will," mys the Saviour, "ho shall know of (he doctrine whethor il bo of God;" nnd the samo principle is equally npplicnblo to a Christian Church collectively. Differences of opinion in a Church will rapidly -disappear, or be reduced to their propor insignificance, and love and ¡tnt immy will spring up, when onco its members .set themselves with singleness ol'eye, simplicity of motive, and tine earnestness of soul, to do tho practical work to which tho Lord calls them. Thero will not then bo a wrangling about lesser points ; still less will somo be found kn pine'aloof from their brethren in gloomy suspicion mil filed with ii sort bf sullen self- coinplaconcy, lot the numbers of the Church enlynwako from their" slumbers anil gird themselves in God's strength for their Lord's «cívico, nnd thero will soon bo (ho peaco which springs from a living nnd nctivo Christianity-a Christianity quii-keued in its energies, nnd made perfect in love. In such a slate of thing3 a Church realises her unity, recovers anil concentrates her strength, and goes forth beneath tho Diviuo tinilo, and with a new consciousness of power, to fulfil her great commission. It is a token for good in our .yourg Church that the questions which have chiefly .engngcd us aro those relating to our futuro work. Measures have been resolved on tending to dovolop tho resources of .our several contrregrutions ; to combine local effort with mutual help ; and-to onlist tho energies of the whole Church for doing its part Mia by side with other religious bodies in providing Christian ministrations for thoso of "tho sanio race and lnngungo with ourselvos through- out our vast interior, and also in stretching -out a helping hand to tho heathen, whether within our own territory er beyond it. Wo must not indeed forget the warning, '. Lot not him that girdoth on bis hurness boast as ho that putteth it off." This is cer- tainly nu timafor boasting with us. It is ono thing to put ;plai:s on paper mid another thing to carry them out. Tho latter can only he secured by tho spirit of'iifo from on high .cnteriug into tis and actuating us. I do not know any moro deeply depressing spectuclo to n thoughtful and devout mind than thnt of a dead Church. Thero may bo a correct .creed-ils members, ns is often tho case, valuing themselves <m their orthodoxy, and distrusting tho orthodoxy of all others.- Thero may bc a punctilious adherence to stereo- typed rites and forms, and a horror of the Christian liborty which ventures on oven tho most inconsiderable departures from them. But whut signifies all this in a Church if there is no stir of lifo in it-if its members aro not living in prac- tical communion with the living Saviour, and deriving con- stant impulse from Him-having " that mind in thora which was also in Christ Jesus," and " walking as Ho also wall ed," sympathising with His gracious designs, and lay- ing Ibemstlves out, as bent on God's glory, to reclaim tho .wandering, to roiso tho fallen, to comfort the alllicted, to ^savo (ho lost, and to bring back a revolted 'world to the knowledge, favour, and servico of its Maka ? What wo want .is a Church, with ita members, living w Christ and for Christ-impressed with thoir ¡privileges and nlivo to their obligations-sincere, earnest, active, and faithful-their spirit nnd conduct in harmony with tho truth they profess to hold, tho precopts they pro- fess (o bow to, tho example they profesa to copy ;-a Church with nn organisation indeed suitod to the great ends for .which a Christian Church exists, but also with willing 'hearts and diligent hands for carrying it out ;-a Church .providing scopo for tho energies and special aptitudos of its \--several members, and also liio to ovoko these ;-a Church with a post for every man. and every mon at his post, all ^'striving together for tho faith of tho Gospel," and having tellowship with ono anothor through common fellowship with Christ, " from whom tho wnolo body, fitly framed together, and compacted by that which every joint sup plieth, according to tho effectual working in the measure of .every part, mnkcth increiuo of tho body to tho edifying of itself in love." This is tho true ideal of n Christian Church, and it was meant to bo realised, and is cnpablo of being realised. Let only breath entor into us, as in the prophet's vision of tho valley of dry bonos-let thero only be tho warmth of a truo and earnest Christianity beating in «very heart, and pressing for action in tho lue-and then shall our various schemos become a reality _ and a living and life-giving power, abe two things go togothor, and sustain each other. In- ternal lifo finds scope for itself in growth outwards, and .outward growth acts back again in the strengthening of life within. With overy really living and thriving Church it will moro or less hold good, as with tho Church in Pn'jjdivo times, that " tho Lord adds to it daily such as shall bo saved." Tho young, nursed in its bosom, feel ita glow, and their tender susceptibilities, under the fostering grace of tho Spirit of God, ripen into early piety. Tho careless, who hitherto havo boon only formally associated with it, aro impressed ; they cannot remain locked in slumber when all aro astir around . thom ; it is if " voices were continually startling them with tho call-"What meanest thou, O sleeper! Arise, and call upon thy God?" Even thoso who seomod to havo been hopelessly hardened bv a long courso of world- liness or vico at length yield. Thóy have withstood mans- on argument and appeal, but they cannot resist tho power 01.t"10, christian love, or parry tho force of tho "living epistle. An ntmosphoro is created which hypocrisy and religious formalism ¡ind so uncongenial that they must either withdraw or become transformod, tho dead being ?quickened bringing forth the fruits of righteousness. 4 5.? Churcl]i *oo, attracts to ¡(self those who aro with- out, ihero is no magnet like that of tho Cross exhibited in LMislitins become crucified with Christ, and yot alivo brough Christ living in them. In addition to all, thero is T^lloc,t of direct Christian effort put forth in a spirit of "Uh and holy zeal and love, and accompanied by tho omni- potence of believing and earnest prayer. Labours of love aro engaged in ; Christian agencies 60t on foot aro wrought in a Lunation spirit ; liboral things aro devised in connection valli missionary enterprise ; and tho result of all is that tho «e»i:cl is diffused both at homo nnd abroad, and proves «edt, as of old, » tho power of God unto salvation." In this way docs th0 Christianity of a truly living Church mdciinitely reproduce and extend itself;-and it Fsi wnen all Churches shall becomo thus living and active-each a centro of light und Christian influonco amid ÍTi,Tí , dllrknees and corruption, and such Churchos muitipijca over all lands-that nn instrumentality will be «ought into play moro than sufficient, by God's graco, to cope with tho manifold powers of evil, and that kingdom bo establKhed over all tho earth which is "righteousness and Peace and joy in tho Holy Ghost." 0, that tho Lord may nwlen it in his time ! Meanwhile, let ua seek in our own sphere to be truo to our " high calling "-lot us labour, ana pray that wo ourselves nnd the people throughout all our congregations may grow and abound in faith and holi Sr?J°ï°-M"lzea1' and kaU Christian devotodness jnai uod, being merciful to ns and blessing us, and causing ms iacotOBhineupon us, we may help on tho work of the ovia ITf08' Rnd throughout tho land in which we om, ¿Sr T wh howover humble, towards tho glori- es «rirTBt,lS.n of HiB " Wfty beta? ta10"11 in tho «"th.. *us saving health among all nations.'" 