THE SWAGMAN OF THE PLAINS> (From All the Year Round) A swagman, or foot traveller who carries his bundle of blankets on his back, arrives in the evening at a cattle station on the M river, in Australia. Re... l l y a ch rns from the dogs, he asks for ±i '-cove,' by which he means the mar. CO£= to liiro. and puts the stereotyped -:_-eni -. ''Please sir, do you want any hands?'' sent up to the ,em br. wrf- :-:--; t.; stay that night. ' gets in a year in a ya.~ k:~jl ' ? . — :7 — ?: ii:ty sriiofcfi thtir },:^rs -.1 ? : 1' Lzz. » the B. river. matey I' '* f J'J- ai:''.n; ??ini-.z.- 'sind-tUirty uJle, £;r tiiem aa iacvi Ha l,unh, bdt jouTl have w p.; -dx.y .-.r seventy more the rivers '' What's the cove like. v wy below? ' 'A hungry beggar as grudges a man a pot of tea.'' ''Any water on the plain?'' ''Well, there ought to be enough to camp on, in the dug hole at the lake.'' ''There was a chap, up the river, as told me that a dray come up here, straight across from the dry lake a month ago. Could a man follow the track?'' ''Jim and me see the tracks plain enough, a long way out when we was after the beast to kill, o' Wednesday ; but you'd better not let the cove see you a-goin that way ; he kicked up a row enough the dray coming ; said they wanted to make a road across the run, and we'd be havin' a flock of caterpillars (sheep) comin' over next. If you're game to tackle the plain, Jim here is goin' after the horses at daylight, and he'll put you on the dray-track.'' Daylight comes : a bright red dawn. The traveller is conveyed by Jim, the stockman, through the low polygonum scrub that skirts the river, and is shown the faint marks of a pair of wheels. These he is to follow for twenty miles or so, when he will come to a beaten track, near which he fully expects to find a little water. He has a bit of ''ration'' with him, and thinks he will camp at the dug hole that night, and go on to the B. next day. On that river, sheep station huts are plentiful, and he need make no more long marches. He has his covered tin pot, or ''billy,'' in his hand ; this holds a couple of quarts of river water ; but it is old and battered, and leaks a little. The great grey plain is spread before him ; the Fata Morgana is brilliant this morning, as it often is in very hot weather ; and he sees the reversed images of far distant sand- hills, pine ridges, and river timber, refrac- ted above the horizon, and flickering in the heat, radiated from the hot earth. Then, up rises the great fiery sun, the heat in- creases suddenly, the fantastic figures fade away, the horizon seems to contract, and lies before him as round and unbroken as that of the sea. There is plenty of life here, near the river. Great flights of cockatoos have posted their yellow-crested sentries, and are busy digging for their breakfasts. Light clouds of white dust rise far and near, where the cattle, which are all in on the river now, are congregating on their camps ; they have been feeding during the last three hours, and will lie all day, in sleepy groups, upon the hot sand hills, until in the late afternoon the elders among them decide that it is time to march, in long strips, to the accustomed watering place. A dozen gaunt black crows fly on abve the traveller, mocking him with their fiendish croaking, and wishing in their hearts that evil may befall him, to the end that they may pick his bones. They know that a man's skin is thinner than a bullock's, and that, on such tender meat their beaks would have a fair chance against a wild dog's teeth. Presently, a kangaroo rat bikts iyt if a sakt-bush, and master and cove ... i Law f:;r c?).i:;-:h 1 - to to-u:iy, w:tIiOKt I Luntiiia Wiillaiiy.i. It \?'a!r.K(!y.' thi.i: _h only ;.'.\ J.jur af:.T ltan;l-o, very lint : lhav ?- ihc i J]!^'^' glare about the north west portion of the sky which always accompanies a hot wind there is a dull smoky look about the horizen that portends a ''regular scorcher'' and though he is as yet only about four miles from the fringe of tall trees that skirts the river, they already begin to look cloudy and indistinct. The dray track is almost obliterated, and the walking among the low salt bushes and cotton bushes is very bad. The swagman begins to think he would have been wiser to have followed round the rivers, where he would have had a beaten track, shade and water, than to face the plain, for the sake of a short cut. However, he is a good walker, and does not care for the heat : he marches on with his swag on his back, and his ''billy'' in his hand. He has done some twelve or thirteen miles, the sun is almost perpen- dicularly over his head, and he is out of sight of the river timber --- fairly out to sea, as it were. He throws down the roll of blankets, sits on them, opens the ''billy,'' and finds that a good deal of the precious water has leaked : he drinks a a little : it is very precious, but he pours a few drops into the lid of the pot for his dog, who, poor fallow, is suffering already, and looks strangely dusty, anxious and dispirited. That dog's ancestors came from breezy ? Scotch mountains, and he would be far more at home seeking sheep buried in a snowdrift, than plodding across a scorching plain. The traveller stops the leak with a bit of clay, shoulders his swag, and trudges on. The plain seems endless : no sound of living thing breaks the deadly stillness : the very flies that so tormented him near the river, have disappeared ; there is a noth- ing moving save unearthly looking columns of red dust, towering high in the hot air, raised from some distant sand-hill by the whirlwinds. On he plods, hour after hour, looking anxiously for the faint wheel marks that guide him. The hot wind burns his eyes and dries his lips, and he moistens his parched mouth now and then with a few drops of the precious water. He is unselfish enough, too, to spare his dog a little. The water does not refresh him much, for it is very warm and mawkish, and the rim of the tin pot almost scorches his lips. At last he sees a dark grey cloud suspended over the hori- zon, quivering in the glare of reflected heat. He knows that cloud to be the low timber that skirts the dry bed of the twenty mile lake ; he expects to find water in a pit dug on its edge. Drinking the last of his store, he walks on more quickly ; knowing that on such a day the trees would not be visible more than a couple of miles, he begins to have pleasant thoughts of a ''pot of tea,'' a pipe, and a sleep in the shade of a pine. He hurries on, the afternoon sun is shining in his face, he crosses a beaten track almost with- out seeing it. Perhaps a thought may arise within him as to the possibility of the hole being dry, and perhaps his heart may stand still a moment, but he will not think it. Everything seems strangely still; why are there no birds about the water @ Nor the twittering of a wren, nor the croak of a crow to break the silence. He notices, ^ri a 'jcilis of fear, that there is no isArmark of.i living thing in tl.c dust of the cirtlc-paths that lead to the water-hedge. Who can tell what passes through' the mind of the sailor as he goes overboard, in a gale off the Horn! Who can realise what that seaman feels, as the great ship leaves him far behind, upon the pitiless waves, among which, he knows too well, no boat can live to save him? And this shepherd, as he looks into the pit, and sees grim death staring him in the face, from the dry mud at the bottom of the hole? He has heard his mates talk of dead men's bones found on the plain, and he knows what his end is to be. Poor fellow ! He is very thirsty now, his tongue is swelling in his mouth, he feels giddy and sick, and throws away his pack. He will stagger on a few miles more, hardly knowing whither he is going, lured on perhaps by the treacherous mirage, which will mock his eyes with phantoms sheets of clear water, reflecting the trees around them, and rip- pling in the wind, only a few hundred yards ahead. He will wander on at ran- dom throwing off his clothes ; as he becomes weaker, perhaps he will feel his knife, and think of his dog ; but the dog has lain down to die under a bush, and that last horrible resource is gone. Then, a gleam of hope ! Two dark forms loom- ing ing large against the red smoky mist in which the sun is setting, come rapidly until within half a mile of him. Are they horsemen? They stop. Do they see him? Yes, they have seen him, and they fly be- fore the hot wind ; he knows they are emu going to water, and that their long legs will carry them to the cool river in two hours or so. Many months after some wandering stockman may see some bones lying on the plain, and may curse the wild dogs for killing calves ; he will never no- tice the round white skull under a salt- bush a few yards off. Remains of lost travellers are often found on these plains. During a residence of twelve years on them, the writer has had personal experience of seven instances, but the relics can seldom be identified. Clothes and blankets are soon torn to shreds by wild dogs, and bones are picked clean by them, aided by the crows and ants. Some times, however, remains are recognised. A friend, in the year 1853, riding through a strip of ' malee ' scrub, not far from the Edward River, picked up a skull, bleached by the sun and rain of many seasons. There were no other bones near it, and he carried the skull home, where, for years, with ' memento mori ' incribed up on it, it decorated the mantel-piece of a bachelor's halL Many were the ethnological and phrenological opinions pronounced over it. One worthy doctor, from its great thickness and monkey-like shape, declared it to be the brain-pan of an old black woman. He used to point out the great development of the organs of philoprogenitiveness and secretiveness — qualities for which black gins, are remark able — but his theories were overthrown. Eight years after the finding of the skull, and near the place where it was lying, a shepherd picked up a little copper box, which contained, with other papers, a cheque, dated 1842, for sixteen pounds -];:. ;;?_?:. ;,!.?.: l.ii.i di*ar.pi..uvd. '-ltor -l:::;:;:i: !?.? w .-.!!: a,r. .-- ;!io ;.i..i:i. At . -..':.:.? s.Var h:± ii.: tL.- MiUTUt:ib:-kiv s.rae l:^- a..!'1. ; t!:. :::.:: t-^iii i»iu- ff ::i :r n:i!::liv'r .-.?-?.---«? l!:e i.i;.:.;i-, viiih :i i-i'.ck-';...'^. i.- I r.v.z V:\s± \ two ko_'» uf .-i.iritj to be iin:i;k :;t C::ris: ! liuis time, which was linn a!i]-r.T.chiiii After an absence of many days, the pack horse came home alone in his accustomed ''run,'' but the man never emerged and kegs were not heard of. Thirty years afterwards. the barrels were discovered, one, half empty, with a pannikan beside it, and the messenger's bones were scattered around. Some spots on the Old Man Plain have the reputation of being haunted by the ghosts of those who have perished on it. a well known place called the Black Swamp being especially ............. A \ youiig fellow was terriKy ?,^roJ by #.:«e thing he saw there ; e a w in He did not like talking about it, and it was with a good deal of r nide that he was induced to describe what he saw, or thought he saw. Charley said he was ;,, | veiling down :Le evmitry w:.:h fst o.;:t'.e : they were camped at the Black Swamp it was moonlight night, and the rest of the party were asleep and the xkres cattle all lying down quietly Not a sound to be heard save the deep breathing of the sleeping bullocks. N s g ; nievitr;. sud :hiuk:.:ii; ii S.i W- .'? nstlcss V'.j : lock uiovh-.g oS-li:v'car^;-. he r?Jc r..;:;v. to Lead k luck, wben be sr.»v. by the :i-'.^ of lie :i!WJ, a 11:^:1 -a j grey o.'b ri.:::;; towards him across a shallow pool of water, in which his horse's feet made a splashing, nor any sound whatever. The figure road close past Charley without taking any notice of hime, and passed through the midst of the sleeping cattle. not one of which even looked at it. Now, Charley, an experienced drover, knew that had a mortal stranger so ridden amonst them, every bullock would have started up instantly, and the whole mob would have ''rushed;'' so he went to the fire, awoke his mates, and, without a word of explaina- tion, bolted underneath the waggon, where he remained until daylight with his head wrapped up in a blanket. Charley had never camped at the Black Swamp since, and he never will ; he does not much care even now to talk about the ''trotting cob,'' and looks contemptuously at any one who insinuates that he must have been dreaming with his eyes open. 