iitw I'UBMSllKD KVJCRY 8ATURDAX MORNING. SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1865. SOUTH-EASTERN POLITICS. .FOMTIOAL matters, mviow or the approach ing election, are beginning to ocoupy publio attention in the South-East, more than they usually do. Wo have, as a district, been so badly treated hitherto, that we aro not sur prised that the publio have determined upon the experiment of a change in its ropresenta tion, and for Adelaide representatives substi tuting local onos, whose interests and sympa thies belong to tho district they represent. We cannot expect Adelaide candidates to seo matters from tno same stand-point as we do. At loast they have never yet done so. We cannot disabuse them of tne idea that Ade laide is South Australia, Neither can we convince them that all thoir legislation in re gard to money matters is one-sided and selfish in the extreme. But if the country distrieta act truly to themsolves in tho pre sant emergency, thoy will in somo measure induce a different way of thinking. (If they return men with fewer Adelaide ties, and move country ones, they will convince the Government that there is a publio outside as well as in Adelaide, and thus secure a greater proportion of justico. Wo are glad the South-East, as a leading country constitu ency, has determined upon this stand, and that such men as Mr John Kiddoch and Mr A. Lindsay Gordon aro likely to bo its chosen representatives. - . - In tho new Parliament questions of great moment will lmvo to be discussed and decided. It is therefore of the utmost importance to havo good men in the House* And while we have men with ability to look after tho inte rests of the colony , at large, it is weUthat they should be able also to, look after those affairs that bear more particularly on the district. * One measure of Parliamentary reform we must, if possible, have carried in the next Parliament. Wo must have an increased representation. Two members for tho South East is disproportionately small. Compared with its importance, the influence of our Dis trict in tho House has boon simply absurd. To do us anything like justice oti'r members ought to be doubled, and some share of repre sentation should be given to us in the Coun cil. The present system of electing members for tho Upper House is beautiftuly devised for defrauding tho country districts of all weight in such elections. What could the combinod votos of tho whole South-East, or of tho Far North, or of the North-West do towards sending a member to the Council if opposed by thp Adelaide public. The mem Wr nominated W any one of these districts Mould'not have tho ghost of a chance. Con sequently they must vote for tho nominee of Adelaide or have no vote at all. They are simply ignored by the present Rystem. We should hke to see a vigorous effort made to place the Council representatives on somo what the same footing as those of Victoria whore each county has its representatives in the Upper hs well as in tho Lower House. To our members this matter must uot be lost sight of, and pledges must "bo taken of them tlat their eflorts will bo bestowed ill tlus direction.. We havo too long Won treated ns a distant dopondonoy; if wo arct to remain Cart and-parcel'of South Australia we must avo allotted to us more weight in her coun sels, and Mas a natural result we shall havo fairer treatment at hor hands. 