MONDAY, APRIL 8, 1865. "We are to relinquish the controlling check of the Upper House; we are to constitute one over-ruling, privileged, democratic body, and to trust it with an authority, not only unlimited, not only irresponsible, but secret and unseen. No, never will such a tyranny be borne !"—Sir R. Peel's Speech at the Glasgow Banquet, January 13, 1837. There is one revolution impending in the English world that should not be overlooked—a revolution resting, it may be, on a purely mercantile basis, and promoted by a purely financial necessity, but fraught with results for good to the moral as well as the material welfare of society—results full of interest and curi- osity to the philanthropist as well as the statistician, to the moralist as well as the politician. We propose to take advantage of the material at our com- mand, and explain how Mr. GLADSTONE'S idea of the state purchasing the rail- ways of England came into being, how it has been supported by argument and fact, and what chances there are of its being received, and what will be the consequences of its reception. In 1844, the public discontent with the manage- ment of the railways connected with rail- way monopoly and railway competition, found expression for itself through the instrumentality of a Government committee, appointed to investigate the causes of the contention. Over this committee, Mr. GLADSTONE, then President of the Board of Trade, presided, supported by men of ex- perience in every department of rail- way finance. It was by this body that the Parliamentary train at one penny a mile, for the benefit of the working classes, was suggested. But the leading measure—the germ of that reform which now promises to blossom into fruit—was the reservation of the right of Government to purchase all future lines which should be authorised in the year 1844 and afterwards, on the expiration of twenty-one years from the first day of the following January, on the payment to them of twenty-five years' purchase upon the last three years' average amount of their "clear annual divisible " profits." The Government was not, at that time, prepared to take immediate action, but the evidence laid before it, and which Mr. GLADSTONE has probably pondered on in the in- terval, was of a nature to indicate the sound policy of the project. It tended to show that the advantages of such a project would be to cheapen the cost of management of railways, by consolidating them under one general manager, to lessen the tariff of prices, to make that tariff uniform, to use the surplus revenue of one district for con- structing railways in another, and to complete the cheap postage scheme of Mr. ROWLAND HILL. " If the railways " were fully employed in carrying the " mails, the payment to the companies " would absorb the whole of the postage " revenue." With so many advantages to be gained, it is not surprising that Mr. GLADSTONE should take the earliest opportunity for discussing the feasibility of the plan. On the 1st of January, 1866, the three months' notice prescribed by the statute may be given to all the railways incorporated in 1844 and since, in quantity about 10,000 mileage. A provision of the act prohibits the Go- vernment from giving the notice until the subject shall have received prelimi- nary discussion in Parliament. We may assume that the machinery—on which the value of the act depends—for testing " the clear annual divisible pro " fits," has been carefully provided by the Government, since the act itself requires every company to keep accurate ac- counts during the last three years pre- ceding the probationary twenty-one, and send them into the Lords of the Trea- sury. Supposing this test to be finally adopted by the Government, it is obvious that a large class of shareholders would benefit by the arrangement. When the act passed in 1844, Consols were at par, or, in other words, the Govern- ment securities brought 3 per cent. interest, while £4 8s. was the maxi- mum remuneration for investments in railway shares. Accordingly, sup- posing the relative profits on the re- spective investments to have been un- changed in the interval, the shareholders of 1844 would be entitled to a profit of about 8 per cent. on the assumed market price of their shares. But the value of investments since that date has altered materially. Prices have advanced considerably. Whilst Govern- ment stock pays about 3 per cent., rail- way shares pay about 5. So that the Government, by adopting the proposed rate of statutable compensation, and giving companies twenty-five years' purchase, would in effect give them a bonus of some twenty per cent, on the market value of their shares. The proposed rate then will scarcely be adopted. Says the best authority on the subject, Mr. GALT :— "Assuming that dividends alone should be taken as a measure of the value of a railway, the system of averages enacted by the bill would entirely alter its character. The average dividends for the three next preceding years' are to be taken as a test of value: a railway, for instance, that for the three preceding years was increasing in value, and had paid each year respectively, three, four, and five per cent., and next year might be expected to pay a still higher dividend, would be valued in the market accordingly ; but by the act its value would be calculated as paying only four per cent. And a railway that was decreasing in value, whose dividends for the last three years had been five, four, and three per cent. respec tivly, with a gloomy prospect for the future, would be considered of the same value. Thus, the shareholders in one company, with a bright prospect before them, and receiving five pet cent. interest on their money, would obtain no more than the shareholders of another company receiving only three per cent. interest for their money, with perhaps a likelihood of a still smaller dividend. The market price of the shares of the first com- pany would he probably nearly double the value of those of the second company." However, whatever may be the test, there can be no doubt that a plan hav- ing for its object the saving to share- holders of the depreciation of their stock, will be scarcely likely to meet with resistance. The profits offered to them are more substantial than any they can hope to realise, and they will not require much urging to see the policy of accepting them. The advantages that must accrue to the country as well as to themselves, will be far from being mea- sured by the extent of the compensation the statute assigns them. The mere money gain by the state, as well as by the individual, would be large indeed. According to a calculation that has been made, the state, if it were to buy up all the railways in the kingdom, and pay for them by an equivalent amount of stock at the current price, would gain by the mere financial transaction some three millions sterling annually. But this does not include the whole profit to the nation. The saving arising from a consolidated management of the lines, from the absence of law expenses and Parliamentary expenditure, from the cessation of competition, and other causes, would probably exceed a million annually, which would be liberated for reproductive investment. The collateral advantages can be scarcely overdrawn. The mere fact of the transfer of the railway system from the hands of companies, who are under no special obligations to the public, and whose interests are hostile to the in- terests of the public, into the keeping of Government, which is a trustee for the public only, and is bound to make sacrifices for the public accommodation, is a feature in the affair of incalculable merit. But if we sum up the more distant advantages, that are not so striking only from their distance, we should be at a loss to measure the mag- nitude of the benefit which the country is about to be presented with. No more beneficial revolution has claimed the gratitude of society since Rowland Hill's Postal Act. The writer in the Westminster Review, whose intelligent ac- count of the project we have drawn upon, scarcely overrates it when he calls it an era not only in English legisla- tion, but in English civilisation. According to his elaborate survey of its effects, we may be warranted to look for a new millennium of prosperity ; for an increase of all the enjoyments of life, and of the means of obtaining them ; for the cheapening of markets by the more rapid distribution of produce ; for the amelioration of the labouring man, by the more equable distribution of his labour ; for the preservation of peace, by the greater facilities for transmitting the materiel oî war ; for the assimilation of the population in habits and language, by the greater facilities for intercom- munication ; for the cheapening of ma- nufactures, by the cheapening of the transit of coal ; for economising all our existing resources, by affording us the means of putting to use those that are now going to waste. Such are among the benefits, no longer doubtful or un- certain, which we are entitled to anti- cipate, if Mr. Gladstone, the Chan- cellor of the Exchequer of 1865, has the courage to put into force the scheme propounded by Mr. Gladstone, the President of the Board of Trade in 1844. There is one thing that strikes us in the consideration of the project, namely, its tendency to run counter to the political philosophy of the day. How are we to reconcile such a scheme, a scheme by which Government is to take upon itself the office of a monster rail- way company, with the fashionable doc trinairism which restricts the functions of Government to the duties of police, and which maintains that Government exceeds those functions when it as- pires to undertake what it is in the power of the tradesman to ac- complish ? It is singular that the apparent inconsistency should have found so warm a support in the West- minster Review, a journal which pretends to embody the progressive spirit of the age in science and morals, the organ of Mill and of the profounder and more original Herbert Spenser. The ex- planation of the incongruity may be this. Mr. Gladstone proposes that the state should buy the railways, but he does not suggest that it should work them. The railway system is so ex- tensive, and has been so prolific of abuses, that nothing less than the state could afford to redeem it out of the hands that mismanage it, in order to re-organize it after a more perfect model. There are so many conflicting interests and such extensive rights of property to deal with, that no individual enter- prise could have been equal to the reform. Once get the matter into its own hands, the Government could es- tablish the system which is decided to be most productive of public good, and lease out the railways on terms co- ordinate with that object. What we take Mr. Gladstone's design to be, is, to make the railways amenable to legislation for the national accom- modation; and before he can do this he must make the railways national property. While they belong to private companies, the state cannot control them for the public interests. We know that the leasing system has been ob- jected to, but it is difficult to see how the state could take under its immediate and personal control the traffic and countless responsibilities of so many railway companies ; how, in fact, a bureau of railways could be safely added to the departments. Already it is argued that the Post-office is an un- necessary incubus upon the adminis- trative powers of the state, and ought to be farmed out, the state regulating the terms of the bargain, and retaining its ultimate disposal. When at the commencement of the Crimean war Prince Albert used the memorable expression that representa- tive institutions were on their trial, he uttered an opinion which, however un- palatable at the time, and entailing on its author no small amount of obloquy, has since been at least partially verified in more ways than one. The English, governed by Parliamentary institutions, both plunged into that war and con- ducted it unadvisedly, while they re- treated from it prematurely, when the prize was within their grasp. The re- sult to us has been two barren victories, a loss 'of fifty thousand lives and forty millions of money. The success of the constitutional theory is anything but universal. The continental nations as a rule will have none of it. The French, after bawling about liberty and equality for sixty years, have most contentedly settled down under a despotism. They prefer being led to leading themselves, provided the leadership be intelligent. Even among the associated peoples of Anglo-Saxon origin the representative theory is seen to be in occasional, though of course very exceptional, emergencies suspended by common consent. No one, for instance, would presume to say that the Federal States of North America are enjoying at the time being a free government. The citizens, for reasons no doubt satisfactory to them- selves, though rather inappreciable to outsiders, have practically given up the rights which were presumed to be the very essence of their existence, in order simply to strengthen the Execu- tive, and have at present less real secu- rity for purse and person, than, the Mus- covites or Austrians. The truth is, go- vernment in any shape is only a means to an end, and never the end itself. The world was not created for the purpose, of having a certain number of men speaking for a certain number of hours upon matters which they may understand or may not. If the matters can be settled without the speaking, so much the better. Cases there are in which, even among us Australians, the freest of the free, the suspension of the extended suffrage may be advisable, when its exercise tends to block irremediably what Sydney Smith, the ultra-liberal, has defined as the objects of govern ment - legs of mutton ad libitum, a good police, and a reasonable expectancy of Heaven. Just now we have, at our very threshold, an instance, and an over whelming one, of how very little good, or rather, how much real evil, may result to a community possessing a govern- ment for which it is not ripe. If any colony of the Australian group is adapted by nature to be the seat of a free, happy, and progressive people, it is Tasmania. Its climate is perfection. There, as in Madeira, reigns an almost per- petual spring. Washed by the waves of three oceans, a steady succession of showers freshens and paints with green its pastures, and gives every district the means of natural irrigation, while the streams and rivulets of crystal lympb, descending from a great height, possess power to drive any amount of machinery. A range of the finest fishing grounds in the southern seas extends along its south-eastern angle, and the Der went forms a haven second only to Piio Janeiro, and greatly superior in depth of water to either Port Phillip or Port Jackson. Along the northern coast, opposite to Melbourne, extends a belt of the richest chocolate coloured soil, capable of growing everything, and easily cleared, while the southern forests far exceed any others in Australia in the inexhaustible profusion of the most enormous trees, of the finest quality of timber. Such a country, inhabited by a merely average population, ought to have been an earthly paradise, and but for one thing it would have been. The curse of con victism has descended upon it, and spoiled all. For fifty years, to suit the selfish purposes of the Home Government, Van Diemen's Land was the dung-heap of England, and the pan- demonium of Christendom. The curse has been stayed, but the effect remains. It descends, according to the Scriptural denunciation, from father to son, and will apparently descend to the third and fourth generations. The virus does not show itself in active crime, but in the utter prostration of intel- ligence and energy. It glares out most forcibly in the marked distinction between district and district. In the north, where settlement has been of later days, and in a great measure composed of free men, the neat villages, cheerful faces, and comparative prosperity of the people, remind us considerably of Eng- land. In the south, and along the main road, where few indeed, if not of the present of the past generation, have been unacquainted with the lash, the hopeless stagnation of life depresses the mind like an evil dream. The men lounge through their work, whenever they assume the semblance of it ; the women, slatternly and ruffianly, per- meate the police courts with their brawls; the footfall of a real live stranger along the deserted lanes fevers the natives with anxiety as to who the daring intruder possibly can be ; the very cows and pigs seem mournfully contemplating their latter end. At Hobart Town, at present containing nominally 20,000 inhabi- tants, a couple of ships, a brig or two, and a few coasters, represent the trade of a haven which could contain the navies of the world. Rather over a thousand houses stand tenantless : of the once flourishing mer- chants, scarcely half a dozen remain in a state of solvency. Though things are somewhat better on the Northern side, the returns of the produce of the whole island show a falling off which would be startling and depressing in an old country, but which seem almost incre- dible in a new one. From the last official returns we extract the following items, which tell their own tale. Exports of: Tup. 1857 G.389I 1804 4,810 Bshls. BsliK 165,414 355143 26,383 137 80l)| Tns.l lb. IVaiue. 3,399 5,251,584133,773 11,627 4,972,383' 81,205 Against which the only items of increase are in potatoes exported from the north side to Melbourne, and fruit, the collec tive value of which does not amount to one-third of the loss which the single article of timber represents, had we taken it at the year 1854, when its value was £308,857, instead of three years later, when, as we have seen, it was a third of the amount. It is with anything but feelings of gratification that we are reduced to comment upon the above lament- able picture of the state of a fallen sister. The disgrace - and such decadence is a disgrace - of one member of the Australian group, re- flects upon the rest. What we have to look to are its causes, which in this instance are tolerably patent. For just half a century the island was placed in a political go-cart. Two classes only existed, the convicts and the political officials. Over, and as high, politically speaking, above them as the moon is above the world, the Imperial representa- tive ruled like Jupiter. If the prisoners were rebellious, he drove them into order with the help of two thousand bayonets ; if his officials were rebellious, he despatched them home with a private note to Downing-street, which effectually blocked their promotion for life; but, if obedient, as with such an alternative they nearly always were, they obtained abundance of tit-bits in the shape of most profitable jobs. A governmental ex- penditure of half a million sterling sent a flush of feverish prosperity throughout the veins of the colony, which passed for health. At last came the change; continental Australia fast waxing into a youthful giant, and populated, all but New South Wales, with the fresh blood of Europe, would none of trans- portation ; and Tasmania followed suit, She resolved to be virtuous, but ex- pected likewise to be rich. Without the slightest elements of freedom, with a sin-steeped lower class, without a vestige of a middle class, and only a pseudo aristocracy of commissariat and commission agents, she bent what mind was in her to setting up the ghost of a representation. Her Parliament was to be to her what the English Government had been. It was to do everything. At the present day, the genuine Tasmanian firmly believes that if, by never working and always spending, he is constantly on the verge of starvation, it is entirely the fault of Government. His panacea for ruined crops and exhausted fields is, to get up a cry against his representatives. By changing periodically Tom for Dick, he has no doubt, that, somehow or other, twelve bad pennies can be changed into a good half-crown. With such an absolute want of self reliance, progress is an impossibility, and ruin all but a reality. A council, consisting of a dozen picked men, with a certain tenure, might, by fixity of purpose and firmness of will, yet rescue a populace who are perfectly unable to rescue themselves. As it is, it is to be feared that nothing but pro- tracted suffering will refine the base metal into that stuff out of which genuine freedom can alone be moulded, and that, bad as is the present state of the island, it is only the beginning of the end. A public meeting, in connexion with the Victorian Deaf and Dumb Institution, is an- nounced to be held in the Mechanics' Insti- tute, Williamstown, this evening. Mr. Ver don is expected to preside. The usual weekly meeting of the City Council will be held this afternoon. There is nothing of any special importance in the business to be brought forward. It appears from an advertisement in another column, that during the month of March twelve estates of persons who died intestate were placed in charge of the curator. The amounts varied from £10 to £700. The latter sum was left by Edward Green, of Donnelly's Creek, a native of Ireland, who was drowned. A sum of £485 was found in the possession of James Kelly, of Borris, Ireland, who had no colonial residence, having died at sea on his passage out. We learn that the gentlemen connected with the Brunswick Cab Company have suc- ceeded in prevailing upon a few of the cab pro- prietors to place their cabs on this road, to run at intervals of half-an-hour, at sixpenny fares. The cars bear a conspicuous sign- board, with the words "6d. to and from Brunswick " thereon. The success of this effort will be much appreciated by the public of Brunswick. A meeting is called for this evening, to be held in Sandridge, to promote the formation of the Union Gas Company. H.M.S. Curacca has arrived at Sydney, from Auckland. She is said to be on her way to this port. Some time since we drew our readers' atten- tion to a slate quarry discovered near Meredith. An association, called the Moora- bool Slate Company, was formed to work it, and we learn that their first consignment of roofing-slates - some twenty-five or thirty tons - has just reached Melbourne by rail. They are of exceedingly good quality, and their merit as compared with the imported article will soon be tested in an auction sale- room. A brown snake, reported to be eight feet long, has been killed at Corduroy, on the Buninyong-road. We may add that a snake of the same kind, two feet and a half in length, was killed at the east end of La Trobe-street a few nights ago, the attention of a man having been drawn to the reptile by the extraordinary movements of a cat. Intending competitors at the ensuing meet- ing for athletic sports are reminded that the entries for the various events will be received between the hours of seven and nine p.m. next Thursday, at the Port Phillip Club Hotel. At a meeting of the committee, held last Friday, it was resolved to make the height of the hurdles for the steeplechase three feet six inches; and the width of the water jump, which has to be crossed twice, fifteen feet. In addition to the usual hurdles, there will be a couple of made-fences, four feet high ; so that the course will resemble that of a "steeplechase" more than has hitherto been the case. Orders have been given for the erec- tion of a stand capable of seating 500 persons. Tickets for admission to the stand, price 2s, can be obtained from any member of the com- mittee. The Handicap Committee consists of Messrs. Hammersley, O'Brien, and Thomp- son. " On the evening of the 25th inst.," says the Police Gazette, " a man was found concealed in the Royal Highlander Hotel, Flinders street west, Melbourne, but made his escape before he could be noticed for description. He left behind him a small ladder, a chisel, a tomahawk, and an old white-handled table knife." The Police Gazette reports two ticket-of- leave holders to be illegally at large. The one, Allen Clarke, received his ticket on the 5th of November last for the Melbourne dis- trict; and the other, James Harris, alias William Monday, alias James Kirby, received his in January, 1858, for the Mclvor district. The same authority says :-" Information is requested of the present whereabouts of one Tom Murphy, who very probably will be able to throw some additional light on the recent murder of Margartt Graham, at Daylesford. He is about thirty-five years of age, five feet seven inches high, fresh ruddy complexion, light brown hair, long nose high on bridge, slightly pockmarked, sharp dark eyes, wears brown goatee, cheeks clean shaved ; believed to be an Irish Londoner; by trade a boot- closer, but works as a shoemaker, and is well known to the trade ; generally wears dark clothing. Murphy formerly worked for Mr. Russell, boot and shoe maker, Daylesford, afterwards for Mr. McCrae, a shoemaker at Blanket-flat, near Daylesford. He has also worked in Little Bourke-street, Melbourne." A reward of £25 is offered for the discovery of the person or persons who, on the evening of the 19th ult., set fire to a stack of hay on the farm of Mr. Joseph Rickards, at Miners' Rest ; £20 is offered for the detection of the person or persons who, on the morning of the 3rd ult., set fire to a bush fence on the run of Mr. A. Barker, Landsborough-gap, Navarre. £50 is offered for information which shall lead to the apprehension and conviction of the person or persons who, after midnight on the 19th ult., attempted to burn down the house of Mrs. Eliza A. Browne, Heartlands, Heidel- berg ; £50 is offered for a similar information in the case of a straw-rick burning at Point Henry, Geelong district, on the night of the 23rd ult. An inquest was held by the district coroner on Saturday, at the Yarra Bend Asylum, upon the body of a deceased lunatic named John Nutt, aged fifty-six years. Deceased was admitted on the 25th June, 1864, and his death took place on the 30th ult. The jury, in accordance with the medical evidence, found that death waa the result of acute dysentery. On the same day Dr. Youl held an inquest, at the temporary lunatic asylum in the Royal Park, upon the body of Philip McGrath, aged thirty-four years, who had been under treatment at this place since the 27th March. He had a severe apoplectic fit on Thursday, and died three hours after- wards, without having recovered conscious- ness. Verdict - "Death from apoplexy." Mr. Candler, district coroner, held an in- quest at Dandenong on Saturday, upon the body of William Scott, a sawyer, who died suddenly on the previous day. Deceased went to his work on Friday morning, sober, and apparently in good health. Shortly after commencing work, and while he was engaged in sharpening a saw, he suddenly fell down in a fit. Another sawyer, named Henry Clark, who was by at the time, bathed the face and temples of deceased with cold water ; but he became black in the face, and died almost immediately. Deceased had been drinking heavily two days before, and was said to be a very intemperate man. On post mortem examination the stomach and intes- tines of deceased were found to be much congested. The verdict of the jury followed the evidince of Mr. Chas. Phillips, surgeon, in attributing the death of deceased to syn- cope, from the effects of an excessive use of alcohol. There were 346 prisoners under detention in the Central Gaol on Saturday last, classi- fied as follows :-Awaiting trial - Before the Supreme Court, 12 males, 6 females ; before magistrates, 14 males, 1 female. Under sen- tence of death, 2 males. To road gang, 3 males; to hard labour, 132 males, 12 females. Detained - For imprisonment only, 83 males, 45 females; as lunatics, 2 males, 4 females; in default of bail, 11 males, 8 females; as debtors, 10 males ; for contempt of court, 1 male. Total, 270 males, 76 females. At the Emerald-hill Police Court on Satur- day, a man named William Lidstone was fined 5s., for making use of abusive and insulting language. Small damages were given to the complainants in two assault cases, Curtis v. Parry and Doyle v. Handley; but the re- mainder of the business was very unim- portant. At the Sandridge Police Court on Saturday, John Waddell, charged with making use of highly indecent language in public, was fined 40s., or the alternative of one month's im- prisonment; and Henry Dragmor, complained against by the police for conducting himself in a disorderly manner, was fined 20s., or fourteen days' imprisonment. Henry Nichol- son, brought up on a charge of drunkenness, was dismissed with an admonition. Dr. Plummer, J.P., was the presiding magis- trate. At the Richmond Police Court on Saturday last, Ellen O'Neil was charged with violently assaulting one Caroline Cook, her husband's tenant. The offender was the rent collector of the family, and the prosecutrix, it appeared, did not in her conduct quite meet the views of Mrs. O'Neil, who, being a known violent and intemperate character, proceeded to " right herself" by pulling Mrs. Cook's hair out of her head. She was fined 40s. Michael Higgins was charged with having put one William Anderson hors-de-combat, by throwing a tumbler at him, cutting him on the face above the eye, and rendering him insensible. Anderson was too ill to appear, and Higgins was accordingly held to bail. David McCor mack, landlord of the Greyhound Hotel, Swan-street, and William Higge, landlord of the Royal Hotel, Punt-road, were each fined 20s., for selling liquor on Sunday; and several persons were fined for allowing the Yan Yean water to run to waste, and for keeping unregistered dogs. The presiding magistrates were Mr. J. Bosisto (mayor), Mr. P. Johnson, and Captoin McCrae. The East Collingwood Police Court sat for nearly seven hours on Friday. The greater portion of the time was occupied with the hearing of a somewhat singular charge of assault. The complainant was Arabella Bloxham, and the defendant Thomas Brusher. The complainant is a married woman, but was deserted by her husband some time ago. She had continued to live in a house in Smith- street, which was formerly her husband's property, but he had mort- gaged it to the defendant. On more than one occasion Brusher had taken legal proceedings against Mrs. Bloxham, with a view to eject her from the house; but he had always been defeated, because, although he held a mort- gage, the magistrates considered that there were doubts as to the title to the property. On Friday, in last week, Mrs. Bloxham was sum- moned for wilful damage to the house, and the case was dismissed. Mr. Brusher's attor- ney thereupon advised his client to turn the woman out of the house by force, and he lost no time in acting upon this advice. Soon after the case was decided he went and kicked open the door of the house, seized Mrs. Bloxham hy the hair of the head, dragged her across the floor, and threw her into the street. She was shortly afterwards found lying in the street in a state of insensibility, and was taken to the hospital. She, however, ap- peared to have sustained little injury, beyond a severe shock and two or three bruises, and on Monday she was discharged from the hospital. Witnesses for the defendant gave a some what different version of the affair, stating that the complainant first made an attack upon Mr. Brusher with a broom. The magis tiates (the Hon. J. P. Fawkner and Mr. W. Thomas), decided to commit the defen- dant for trial at the next criminal sittings of the Supremo Court, but admitted him to bail. A man named George Cairns was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for stealing tubs from two shops - one in Gertrude-street, and the other in Smith street. Three girls, aged respectively nine, six, and four years, were ordereed to be sent to an Industrial School for six years. They were children of a miner named Dowson. Their mother is dead, their father deserted them some time ago, and they had since been de pendent upon the charity of some sympathi- sing neighbours for the means of subsist- ence. Some information as to the previous history of the person now in custody for the Bourke-street murder, is supplied by the Ovens Advertiser, which says:—"Joseph Brown is no stranger to the Ovens district. He was brought up before the Wangaratta Bench, in February last, for having no lawful visible means of support. He was at that time connected with a gang of blacklegs who annually infest our district races, and get a precarious living by card- sharping, rou- lette-keeping, and other disreputable occu- pations. Detective O'Leary, in giving evi- dence before the Wangaratta Bench, stated that the prisoner, Joseph Brown, alias 'Quiet Joe,' alias 'Besom Jack,' was one of the most notorious blacklegs in Vic- toria and New South Wales. He, along with two others, were supposed to have been the parties who robbed a store in Albury in the previous month. The occupation he then carried on—that of a knifegrinder and wire- worker—was only a cloak to screen his vil- lany. The presiding magistrate, although morally certain that Brown was a blackleg and vagrant, could not commit, as several witnesses were produced by the defendant's counsel (Mr. John Norton), who deposed that Brown had sharpened knives for them a few days previously. After two remands, he was acquitted. Brown looked in person a most inoffensive creature, and the last man in the world one would suspect of committing such a foul deed." The following information has been fur- nished with reference to the state of the Eme- rald-hill Penny Savings Bank:—Cash in bank on December 31, 1864, £584 6s. 7d.; deposited from January 7 to March 25, 1865, £382 5s. 3d.; interest for the quarter ending December 31, £8 11s. 8d. Total, £975 3s. 4d. Deposits withdrawn during the quarter, £199 19.s. 7d.; expenses, £1 2s. Total, £201 1s. 7d. In bank, £774 1s. 9d. The number of depositors during the quarter ending December 31 was 977, and during last quarter they increased to 1,120. A public meeting has been held at Beech worth, and steps taken, for the presentation of a testimonial of respect to E. T. Barnard, Esq., P.M, who has been removed from the district after six years' service. An enterprise of some magnitude and importance has been organized in connexion with the carrying trade of the Ovens and Riverrina districts. It is referred to by the Ovens Advertiser in the following terms: Messrs. Smith and Banks have just commenced on one of the most important undertakings ever entered upon in this district. They in- tend by a large and liberal scheme to mo- nopolize tho wholo carrying trade from Echuca towards Deniliquin, up the river to Wahgunyah, and thence over the whole of the Ovens district. They have, with this view, already put two steamers on the stocks at Echuca, to be followed by two more, and have purchased a site on the river side from Mr. Foord, at Wahgunyah, for wharfage, and stabling for sixty horses to be employed in their land carriage. They propose to deliver goods at Beechworth in four days from Mel- bourne, without fail, at the average freight of £7 per ton all the year round, and will carry passengers by the same route at reason- able rates." A coloured man named Rogers has been committed by the magistrates of Woodend for trial, on a charge of having criminally assaulted a young girl, in the Black Forest. " On Tuesday last," says the Belfast Gazette, " as Mr. Galbraith Moore was riding along the beach, in the neighbourhood of Picker ing's-corner, his horse suddenly shied at an object in the surf. On alighting, he found it to be a human skull, quite perfect. The teeth were regular, quite complete, and all perfectly sound ; the forehead low and retreating ; the cheek-bones projecting. The skull is evi- dently that of some unfortunate person drowned at sea." We find the following in the Maryborough Advertiser :-" The following circular has been addressed to the several postmasters through- out the colony :-' The attention of post- masters is requested to section 24 of the Post-office Statute, 1864 ; and it is pointed out that the practice hitherto observed, in certain cases, of delivering letters, &c.;, addressed to a married woman to her hus- band, without proper authority, must he dis- continued. The terms of the above section of the Post-office Statute must be strictly complied -with ; and letters addressed to a husband cannot be delivered to his wife, nor can letters addressed to a wife be delivered to her husband, without the consent in writing of the person named in the address. William Turner, Deputy Postmaster-General.' The statute above referred to was evidently framed with a due regard for the distinct and separate rights of womankind ; but it is to be hoped the privilege thus extended to a femme couverie will not be exercised in a covert manner. Henceforth what Darby will dare play Paul Pry with Joan's private cor- respondence ?" A regatta was to have taken place on Lake Learmonth on Friday last. What occurred is reported as follows by the Ballarat Sun . " Contrary to announcement and general ex- pectation, only one event took place at Lake Learmonth yesterday, and that - for the Champion Cup - in the presence of not more than 100 persons. Three events were to have come of, namely- a scullers' race between Williams and Cazaly, in settlement of the dis- puted scullers' race at the late Ballarat Re- gatta; a scullers' race between R. McLaren and B. Oxlade, for £25 a side ; and the scullers' race for the Champion Cup between Wil- liams and Cazaly. The first-named was not pulled owing to the lateness of the hour of starting for the Champion Cup, and the race between McLaren and Ox lade is postponed for some reason that has not yet transpired. It was not till half- past five o'clock that the candidates for the cup were started. Mr. T. Bath acted as judge and starter ; and the race took place on the western side of the lake, greatly to the disap- pointment of many persons, who had expected it on the opposite side. Both men being in position, the starting word waa given, and Williams went away with a slight lead. After two or three strokes Cazaly fouled Williams' boat, and then took the lead, which he main- tained, and finally came in a winner by a few lengths. Williams, on landing, at once entered a protest against Cazaly ; and the matter therefore remains to be settled by the Regatta Committee." A report has gained currency in Inglewood to the effect that Egan and party, puddlers, near Golden Point, Kingower, have disin- terred a nugget weighing 900oz. The quarterly inspection of the Sandridge Naval Brigade took place on Saturday after- noon, but, owing to some unaccountable reason, only about fifty members were pre- sent. The men were formed into company, and were put through the manual, platoon, and company drills by the subaltern officers. They afterwards matched to the Lagoon Battery, and were exercised at target practice by the commanding officer. At the fifth round of independent firing the target was knocked to pieces by a well-directed shot, which thus brought the practice to a close. The inspecting officer, Major Pitt, expressed himself satisfied with the drill and efficiency of the members present, and at the same time made a few well-seasoned remarks about the smallness of the attendance. Easter-time, when life under canvas oc- cupies the attention of our volunteer force, is now near at hand, but as yet little has been heard of the annual encampment. There is a possibility, indeed, of an important change in the programme - of the camp giving way to a series of practices on the shores of the bay. The idea is, to exercise the force in the posi- tions and on the ground it would have to oc- cupy in the event of a hostile attack ; and the plan would include the encampment of the country corps at the batteries, and the assembling of the metropolitan corps at the rendezvous already appointed for their mustering at in cases of emer- gency. There are many points to be urged in favour of this scheme, a decision regarding which will have to be arrived at at an early day. Major Pitt has recently inspected the camp sites pointed out at Bal- larat ; but, though the local authorities have a strong desire that the encampment should be held in that district, the prevalent impres- sion is that, if held at all, it will not be there. In fact it would be hard to name what com- pensations there are to the many and apparent disadvantages attending this lo- cality. At Launceston a small but hopeful experi- ment for stocking the rivers with imported fish has been made. It is thus alluded to by the Cornwall Chronicle:-" On Thursday morning a number of the fish in Princess square were netted, with the object of placing them in the rivers. The majority will be put in the South Esk, below the Scone Mills, where the long, still, and deep reaches will afford good cover for their increase; others will be put into the North Esk. It is to be hoped that fisher- men who may accidentally hook any of these fish will at once put them carefully into the water again, in order that the effort to stock the rivers may not be frustrated; the small amount of self-denial experienced will be amply repaid hereafter, for the fish will increase with great rapidity; and if, as we are told, they are the true carp of Europe, they will be a great acquisition to our Tasmanian rivers. It is a remarkable fact that, of the many hundreds of young fry that were to be seen after the spawning, only one was caught on Thursday ; about eighteen of the second size, and the remainder of smaller, and therefore younger fish; possibly the confined space they have been in, and the want of food, have driven the older to devour the younger fry. The original fish are of large size and very plump ; they are not removed." " Some rich patches are still occasionally found in the old workings," says the Bendigo Independent. " We have heard of two men who worked a bit of solid ground that had been voted ' a duffer ' many years ago. They were only ten days at work, and on Saturday evening last divided the handsome some of £57 between them." Speaking of the value of water supply to the gold-fields, the Ovens Constitution remarks be follows :-" Water is the only thing wanted to render the Ovens district one of the richest on the face of the earth. The diversion of the Little River, not merely to Yackandan- dah, but to Beechworth, Chiltern, and the whole district, ís an enterprise which even colonial engineers do not consider at all im- practicable ; and even if half a million of money were spent in bringing a running stream to all the leading towns of the dis- trict, it would be well spent, and would yield good interest on its outlay." The Wood's Point Times continues its nar- rative of the pleasant adventures of a Q. C. in the mountainous region that lie between Melbourne and that highland gold-field, as follows :-" When Mr. Ireland and his buggy put in an appearance in Melbourne, after their voyage downward, it is highly probable that their nearest friends will scarcely recog- nise them. The hood of the buggy remains on the road, half way between here and Mat- lock, as a memento of the romantic drive having come to temporary grief against a tree. An incident in the upward journey of the ex-Attorney-General and his party is worth recording. They miscalculated the powers of their pair of nags, and failed to make a certain stage up the Black Spur. Night came on, and they had to bring to; fortunately they had some matches, and lit a fire. Mr. and Mrs. Colgan stowed themselves in the buggy, and Mr. Ire- land and his son took the shelter of the bushes. Mr. Ireland, feeling fatigued from the pressure of wet boots, took them off ; but put- ting them on in the morning was another question, and after many fruitless efforts, he failed. His Honour Judge Cope came up with the party at six o'clock in the morning, and found Mr. Ireland quietly whiffing his weed, with his trousers rolled up on his bare shins in pure Hibernian fashion, and his coat tails turned up, as if he was standing at the drawingroom fire. After the greetings which might be expected on such on occasion, the cavalcade got under weigh. The horses tired and the road bad, the gentlemen had to tramp; and Mr. Ireland, having secured a staff, took off his coat and stepped out barefooted for a journey of four miles over an unenviable road, half his time nearly knee-deep in mud. He did the distance bravely ; and on being asked by a horseman who overtook him, "How on earth was he able to stand it?' he explained, very much to the man's satisfac- tion, that ' he came from a country where the children were all born without shoes or stockings.' The following night the party would also have been out were it not for the Judge, who announced at the next stage their approach, and when night came on half a dozen men went out in search, and, having found them, piloted them for three or four miles with their bottles and candles." On Monday morning (reports the Wood's Point Times), the District Coroner held an in quest on the body of a man, name unknown, found off the track leading to Matlock, about a mile and a half from this town. The body was discovered on Sunday by two lads, and information was at once given to the police. The spot on which it was found was a steep incline, about fifty yards on the left hand side of the track. The police kept it under watch in the condition it was discovered, until the jury should have on opportunity of viewing it. On visiting the spot, there were tracts of a small fire close by, with the charred remains of some papers. The clasp of a pocket-book had been found by the police, and the pieces of paper had been subjected to careful investigation, but nothing could be discovered leading to identification. Sergeant Power, after carefully going through the town, had ascertained the names of two men who had been missing from three weeks to a month. Every attempt to trace these two individuals had failed, and inquiries tended to lead the police to the conclusion that the body found was the remains of one or other of them. We have files from Grahamstown, Cape of Good Hope, to the 23rd of January, nearly a month later than those previously to hand. Seasonable rains had fallen, and as the locuste had been swept away by large flights of locust- birds, the prospects of the harvest were considered favourable. The border lands were somewhat disturbed, the natives being troublesome. A gentleman named Barker, who had gone to Uruguay to obtain a num- ber of llamas for acclimatisation, had re- turned unsuccessful, as civil war had de- vastated the republic, and llamas were not to be bad. The Cape Argus reports the arrival of Mr. Thomas Baines from the interior, and adds:-"We learn from him that Mr. Anderssen is recovering, though slowly, from the effects of the accident which shattered his leg. Mr. Andersson remains at Otijimbinque, carefully tended by his friend, Mr. Green." By the steamship Penola we have one day's later dates from Adelaide. It is stated that a memorial to the Government is in course of signature, praying for the erection of a light- house at Cape Jaffa. Charles Becker, the sole survivor of the un- fortunate schooner Agnes, lately wrecked off Cape Jaffa, arrived yesterday by the Penola. From the Mauritius we have news to the 15th of February. A destructive storm and flood, in which numerous lives were lost took place on the 12th of that month, at Port Louis. The particulars will be found in another column. An important invention in connexion with navigation is alluded to in the following paragraph from the Liverpool Albion: - "A Salopian paper of recent dates quotes from the London Mining Journal a paragraph which we cannot find in any of the journals which have reached us. It is as follows : ' The science of nautical astronomy has just received an acceptable addition, in the shape of a set of tables for ascertaining longitude at sea by the meridian altitude without the aid of a chronometer. Hitherto this has never been accomplished ; but the author of the system (Mr. W. Lucas, of Swansea) has placed the matter in such a simple light,by means of plain figures, that a child, comparatively speaking, might find his way over the path lees waters without the aid of what has hitherto been considered the indispensable companion of the master-mariner - a chro- nometer. The book will no doubt be much sought after, forming as it does another ray of light in the yet comparatively dark science of navigation.' " The Shrewsbury Chronicle, of the 30th De- cember last, says: - "The Melbourne corre- spondent of The Times states that the St. Arnaud Silver Reef in the colony is yielding immense returns. Shares, originally worth £5, were sold in a few weeks for £1,000." What a pity this far-fetched news is so re markably wide of the truth. The story, how- ever, gathers as it goes, for we find a still more extraordinary version of it in the Levant Herald of the 4th January. It is as follows :- " The Melbourne correspondent of The Times states that the St. Arnaud Silver Reef in the colony is yielding immense re- turns. Shares worth £5 were sold in a few weeks for £10,000, and successful silver miners rather despise gains so slow and moderate." The cricket match between the East Me bourne eleven and sixteen of the North Mel- bourne Club was finished on Saturday in favour of East Melbourne, by two wickets. On the previous Saturday the sixteen made seventy-eight, and the East Melbourne only forty-four. On resuming on Saturday, the North Melbourne men scored seventy-seven, of which Stewart made thirty. East Mel- bourne had 112 to get to win, which they succeeded in getting with the loss of eight wickets. Phillips (not out) contributed fifty five, and Yewers and Allan Campbell thirteen each. The principal features of the game were the batting of Phillips, and the splendid bowling of Yewers, who took nine wickets for thirteen runs. On the Richmond ground, a one-innings match took place, between the first eleven of Richmond and sixteen of the Prince of Wales Club. The eleven won by sixteen runs, making ninety-three to their opponents' seventy-seven. There was no match on the Melbourne ground on Satur- day. The Lyster Opera Company brought a short but very successful season to a close on Saturday night, at the Theatre Royal. Though their stay in Melbourne on this occasion has been but of three weeks' duration, they have no reason to complain of the patronage which has been given them, nor of the pecuniary results of their visit. Night after night they have been welcomed with overflowing houses, though on several occasions illness has pre- vented the prima donna from appearing. When they have been doomed to disappoint- ment, however, the audiences have borne it graciously ; and we may venture to say that the opera company take their departure as high in public favour as ever they have stood. The operas which have been presented during the three weeks had all by frequent repetition long ago become familiar, but as performed by the Lyster troupe, their charms seem ever to increase. If the more ardent lovers of the lyric drama - always anxious for the latest novelty - have not had all their anticipations fulfilled, probably the omission will be sup- plied at no distant day, as we understand that the company, after paying a short visit to Sydney, will give a second series of performances in Melbourne, when the pro- duction of one or two of the new operas which have not yet been introduced to the antipodes, may not unreasonably be expected. There was a crowded house on Saturday night. The opera was "Lucrezia Borgia," which was given at the commencement of the season, and is one in which the talents of Madame Escott, dramatic as well as musical, are put to a severe test, and in which she achieves one of her greatest triumphs. The performance throughout was an excellent one, and the leading artistes received the compliments of the audience at the close of each act and at the fall of the curtain. The third act of the " Bohemian Girl " was given as an afterpiece, in which Mr. A. Beaumont, as Thaddeus, appeared to great advantage. To-night Mr. J. H. Allen, an American actor of considerable repute in melodrama, commences an engagement at the Royal, and will be sup- ported by the usual company of the theatre. The Christy's troupe, now performiug at the Haymarket Theatre, has fairly commended itself to public favour. More ambitious, perhaps, than their predecessors of the single prefix, the "original and veritable" Minstrels provide an entertainment marked by harp playing, ballad-singing, and elegant concerted pieces, rather than by novelties in the way of " negro comicalities." Sooth to say, most of the specimens of African humour yet given have possessed such an uumistakable relish of antiquity that the audience must be at once ready to concede the title of original to the troupe at the risk of denying it to the quips, and cranks, and wanton grins indulged in. As to the elevated musical standard adopted, it is curious in- deed to contrast the stage negro of olden days \- a merry vagabond who jumped about with a banjo in his hand, and not a bit of senti ment in his heart - with the sedate minstrel who now aspires to excellence, and only con- descends to folly. In the line it takes, however, the troupe is unquestionably capa- ble of doing well. Signor Abecco is a harpist of no mean skill, and he pos- sesses, a clear, strong tenor voice, which has already won him a host of admirers. The name of W. P. Collins is familiar everywhere as " Bones," while to praise the marvelous lightness and skill of Joe Brown's dancing is in Melbourne wholly superfluous. His famous "Silver belt jig - a wonder of motion - was given for the first time this season on Saturday, and once again it evoked merited applause. Mr. C. W. Rayner is the basso of the troupe, H. Herberte the first tenor, and the all-important falsetto business is undertaken by Collins, who performs excel- lently therein. Judging from the support already accorded the troupe, the short season announced is likely to be a decided success. On Saturday the theatre was again well attended, and one or two novelties, including a capital burlesque of the Lancashire Bell ringers, were introduced. Caffyn has been released from his engage- ment with the Melbourne Cricket Club, and will very shortly proceed to Sydney. The agreement into which he entered with the club was for a period of three years, dating from the 1st May, 1864, at a salary of £300 per annum, payable monthly, either party having power to terminate the agreement at the end of the second year, upon giving three months' notice. An opportunity having re- cently been offered to Caffyn of entering into business in Sydney, he made an application to the committee of the M. C. C. to be released from his engagement at the end of the first year. The committee decided to recommend that his application should he granted, and their report was adopted at a special meeting of the members of the club, held on Satur- day afternoon. An intimation being given that it was Caffyn's desire to go to Sydney as soon as possible, it was further resolved to release him from his engagement at once, on the understanding that his salary was only paid up to the end of March. In the course of the discussion which took place, some inquiries were made which elicited the fact that the financial position of the club was not very satisfactory, the estimated expenditure for the year 1864-5 having been considerably exceeded, and the revenue having fallen short of the amount anticipated. It appears that nearly the whole of Caffyn's salary was still owing to him ; but it was stated that the agreement to pay him by monthly installments was departed from at his own request. It was alleged, however, and not denied by any members of the committee present, that the professional bowlers of the club had been unable to ob- tain their salaries for several weeks past, although they had made repeated appli cations for payment. A rough statement sub- mitted by the hon. treasurer showed that the present liabilities of the club were £550, but that assets were expected to be got in to the amount of £250. Only thirty new mem bers had been enrolled this season, instead of fifty, as was expected, the revenue from this item alone thus being eighty guineas less than the estimate. About 100 of the old members, out of the 300, had not yet paid their subscriptions for the year. The failure of the efforts to get up an inter-colonial match, and the fact that the three matches to which a charge for admission had been made during the season had left a loss of £50 over the receipts, were also two of the causes to which the existing deficiency was attributed. A belief was entertained by several members present at the meeting that it would be neces- sary to make a call upon the gentlemen who guaranteed £3 each in the event of the club being unable to pay Caffyn's salary, but no formal discussion took place on this subject. A requisition, however, was signed for a special meeting, to be held next Saturday, to consider the financial portion of the club. 