Ministebs are slaving off as long as possible, tlic accounting day, which is to give the coup de grace to their fixed policy, nnd probably also to their official existence. It may bo very natural thnt they should arrange matters, as far as rests with themselves, in a way to prolong their tenuro of office. But it is certainly not dealing fairly with the interests of the country that they should, from mero selfishness, protract the duration of an exceptional state of things, which will in the end, havo to bo undone cither by themselves or by their successors in office. They are collecting revenuo under a tariff, which has not ' yet become law, and which there is tho strongest ground for believing will not become law, during the present session of Parliament, nt all events. And in this latter enso all tho revenue paid into the Treasury, under tho operation of the new tariff, will have to be refunded ; and the Customs duties will have to be restored to the old footing on which they stood under the >ro- existing tariff. This is a most objectionable condition to be oc cupied by the most important and productive branch of tho public re venue. And yet Ministers, heed less of all the hurtful consequences to tho commerce of the country and to the finances of tho State, arising out of such a condition of things, are recklessly post poning the crisis, which will put an end to so chaotic and inexcusable a position of tho political concerns of tho country. If, for no other causo than this, they lay themselves open to a vote of want of con fidence from tho Legislature. Their conduct in this matter is wholly inexcus able and without precedent. For, it cannot bo said that they have had any just grounds, from the beginning of this parenthetical passngo jn their course, tin to tho present moment, for expecting that their new tariff would pass the Legislative Council. But even assuming that they had at one time an expectation that they could coerco or enjolo tho Council into passing tho tariff by amalgamating it with tho Appropriation Bill, that expectation must have been long since dissipated. The very significant indications presented by tho members of that House, of tho light in which they view tho Ministerial scheme of forcing or wheedling them into the enactment of tho obnoxious measure, leave no doubts about the matter. Minis ters can havo no feelings of uncertainty now_ at least respecting the fate which awaits their eannily- devised scheme. The defeat of tho combined tariff and Appropriation Bill in the Legislative Council mqy be regarded then with tho certninty of a fait accompli. Whatever clianco the tariff had of passing that House, _ if sent up by itself and to be dealt with on its own merits alone, the proposed trick of smuggling it through' the Council, under cover of tho Appro priation Bill, has completely put an end to thnt chance. Tho mancouvrc has put the Council on its mettle ; and come what may they will reject the compound pro ject. Tlic Ministry must, therefore, in common decency lake some steps to bring the present anomalous and demoralising political situation to a termination. They must try and restore tho course of legis lative action and of the fiscal functions of tho Executive to its normal and healthy condition. Let them at once boldly face tho difficulties which beset them j and as they themselves are tho sole authors of these difficulties let them promptly mako somo effort to compass sufficient capacity to extricate themselves. It is as futile, as it is cowardly, to trust to tho chapter of accidents for their reloasc, and goon Micxwnrii-liko hoping that "some thing will turn up" to 6avo them from tiiomsolves. They cannot now retreat from their purpose of sending up tho tariff as an "annexe" to tho Appropria tion Bill. But they can act with the promptitude nnd vigour of men who aro in earnest in tho matter. They can transmit the joint-measure without fur ther delay to tho Council, and thus" at onco arrive at "the beginning of tho end" of their false position. On the ro- joclion of their curious picco of legislative amalgamation, they will havo tlireo courses open to them. Proroguing Parliament, nnd convening the noxt session within a few weeks, tltcy may, if t-hoy. aro silly and obstinato enough, send up the amalga mated mensuro again to tho Council ; or they may send up the tnriff separately from the Appropriation Bill, and abido by the fato it meets with there ; or finally tliey may without more ado abandon the fiscal abortion altogether and cast about thorn for somo less objcctiopnblo mode of recruiting tho . revenuo. Whicliover of these courses they may take, the ultimate result is pretty certain even though they might snvo their credit as politicians by the adoption of some ono of these in preference to the others. This result will bo the exhansting of tho public patience by the protracted display of the feebleness, incapacity, mid incurablo spirit of blunder, which are tho characteristics of tho M'Culloch Ministry. And the immediate sequence of that result will bo their ejection from office. This however does not imply thnt a Free- trade M inistry, even if such a body could be formed out of the elements to be found in tho present Parliament would succeed, them, or thnt if by some strange chance their successors were Free-traders, theso would hold their ground for any time. A permanent, or oven a temporary Frce-lrado Ministry is an impossibility in tho present temper of tho public mind. The country has come to the determination to make itrinl of fiscal protection ; and until the experiment is practically tested, no Ministry that at tempts to ignore this disposition of the popular mind, can hope to command the confidence of tho Legislative Assembly. The weak point' of tho position of the M'Cullocii Ministry is,, not that they displayed a tendency towards fiscal protection, but that they went about tho work of protective legislation, in a sneaking, half-hearted, insincere sort of way, which excited the disgust of their supporters, nnd tho contempt of their opponents. Tho scandalous inconsisten cies and contradictory statements of their two law officers, Messrs. Micnm and 'HiGiNnoTirAic, on this scoro, threw an air of falsohood and of shallow expediency over the conduct of tho Ministry, which shocked public opinion, and shook the faith of tuoir most devoted adherents in their honesty and ability. No man who know his own mind would .have spoken on the question of Free-trade versus Pro tection, -in tho manner that Mr. Micmn did at St. Hilda, and Mr. Higinbotiia.ii at Brighton, during tho recent elections. If either of theso lawyers had a particle of political sincerity about them, or pos sessed ono atom of true capiicity, they would, after such election speeches, have resigned office, when the new tariff was first submitted to tho Cabinet, or they would not havo bellowed forth with such unguarded tongues upon tho hustings tho sudden promptings ofn moment of excitement. But they showed neither tho dignified reserve or tho Bound dis cretion of an able politician, in the one case, nor tho straightforward conduct and consistency of honest men, in the other. And the odious taint of this wnnt of brain, and want of principle, on the part of the only ostensibly educated men in tho Ministry, has completely poisoned the atmosplicro in which tho' Government of Mr. M'Cur.Locn has moved sinco the new tariff first came under discussion in the Assembly. The Ministry- is in fact an object of suspicion to all honest Pro tectionists. Had thoy " gono in" for protective legislation honestly nnd boldly, and produced something more substantial and dofiuite in the direction of fiscal reform, than tho misernblo muddle, which tho new tariff is, they would have com manded tho respect and support of a largo and influential section of the public. And it is to their not having done so that their present weak and un tenable position Is chiefly duo. Their ejection from office therefore gives no promiso of being followed by the regime of free- trade: but rather tho reverse. Sham protectionists will bo exchanged for real ones, in the government of the coun try ; and that's all. If those members oi tho M'Culloch Ministry, then, who arc in earnest in tho causo of protection, will bo true to themselves nnd to that cause, they will force their colleagues to put an end to tho miserable doubt and confusion of the present moment, by submitting tlic tariff with its strange envelope, to the Legislative Council immediately on the rc-assembling of tho Parliament after the recess. The Government have, we understand, deter mined upon expending L1500 out of the 1.50,000 voted by Parliament towards constructing roods and bridges outside rond districts nnd shires in completing the clearing of the trnok from Yni- looli, near Western Port Bay, to Gipps Land. The work was commenced, and about three- fourths of tho length completed so as to be possible for drays, by the Survey Departmeut. The new line follows the const ranges, avoids all strenms nnd swamps, and will open up a Isrge extent of country, in pnrts of which cool bos been discovered. The areas open for freo seleclion under the new Lnnd Act will appear in a supplementary Government Gazette, Which will he published this afternoon or Monday morning. The day on which tho first area Is to he thrown open is, we believe, the 22nd prox. The ceremony of unveiling the Burke and Wills statue, which has been erected at the in tersection of Collins and Bourke streets, per formed yesterday by ids ISxccllcney the Governor, whs witnested by a large concourse of persons. The event Is fraught with the deepest Interest, not only from its being the first statue which has been placed la the pablic thoroughfares of this city, hut from the higher consideration thnt it, has been erected as a public triliute to the memory of the gallant men who perished ia their country's cause. ihc presentation of the testimonial to the lion. J.'H. Brooke, subscribed for by his late constituents, took place yesterday afternoon at that gentleinaa's residence, Mount Eagle, near Heidelberg. Tho S. A. Pcgister, of the 18th, in a leading article upon tho New Zealand project of a monthly mail vlnPnunina, lies the following : — "The responsibility of the new contract lias been taken by tlic Auckland Government en tirely on itself. But the Australian colonies itre asked to jojn in the undertaking with a view of working the Panama lino alternately with the Puts line, ao, that ail the colonies. may have the advantage ofn fortnightly mail. Under such a -eheme, it is suiil, Victoria, New Soutli Wales, and New Zealand would derive almost equal advantages; far while .Victoria would be 'the first port of call and the last of dopnrturo on tho Suez route,' site would receive the. Panama mails by a branch steamer from Wrllinglnn about the Eame time as tliu Panama steamer would arrive at Sydney. Then, as to New South Wales, she would reap the advantage of being tho terminus of both lines, nnd would equally with Victoria be brought fortnightly within a four months' course of poet with Great Britnln. Thtse aro tho pro mises hold out in the Now Zealand sclicmo to induce tho Australian Governments to contribute towards tho ucw lino. Tho promoters of that scheme not only give to Victoria nil thnt cull he neeonlod from tho Panama route, hut they r.lso very g'nerously mako Melbourne the first port of coll on llio Suez route. This liberality can ho easily understood when we como to the question of payment, for in tho event of tho " aggicgate scheme" being adopted Victoria would have to pay three times as much as New Zealand. Subjoined is the proposed mode of appor tioning tho payments of tlin scvorai colo nics, the totnl amount being 1.152,500 : — Vic toria would contribute 40 3 per cent., L75,781 ; Soutli Australia would contribute 82 prr cent., LI 2, 50 4 ; Now South Wales would contribute 17'Oper cent, L27,293; New Zealand would contribute 10.3 por cent., L24,80(3 ; Tasmania, 4-0 percent., LG100; Queen-land wonld contri bute 3"0 per cent., L4575 ; Western Australi i, 13 per cent,, L1931. Wo imngino tlmt Vla- toria will not think very highly of this arrange ment. At all events Soutli Austrolia will most decidedly object to pny L12, 504 per anuura for a service which would still mako the retention of tho liran cli line to King George's Sound n necessity as far as tho Sues route is conrorued, and would not give tho colonists any certHin or regular ndvautago as regards tho Panama route. In (act, we should he paying 1.27,000 per unnum for the advantages which wo now enjoy, with merely the oceesioaal convenience in addition of getting late news nnd correspondence by wny of New Zealand." A Bale of new and forfeited runs took place nt Gemmell, M'Caul nud Co.'s rooms yesterday. One of tho lots, Mcrriiuau's Creek, in the Gipps Land district, was withdrawn ; three in the Portland district found no purcbapors ; and llio only instance in which satisfactory premiums were obtained warn Axedale East, on tho Cum- pospe, L15U, annual rent Lofl ; Fawner, near Cnsterton, L50, annual rent L75; nnd Shallow Inlet, near Capo Liptriip, L135, nniiusl rental LG0. Mr. N. Chevnlior, who is so well known by his charming pictures of colonial scenery, and whose industry and enthusiasm in nil mnttcrs rqfating to art wa aro but loo glnd to acknow ledge, lias undertnkcu the somewhat arduous task of bringing out a scries of cliromo-litho- graphs of Victorian scenery, nnd lie has just completed the first two of the set of 12. To those who know the complicated nud delicuto process through which pictures of this descrip tion have to pass before they arrive at their linal stage of completion, tlie heoutv, delicacy, and careful finish of these exquisite woiks of ert, will furnish occasion for somo surprise when it is remembered how many difficulties surround their production in this part oi the world. At home, whore the principle of division of labour obtains so largely in the processes of every kind of art- raanufscture, end whero, at every stage of nic.li processes, there aro art- eperatlves trained to tho performance of a special divi sion of tho labour, it is no wonder tlmt perfect results are obtaiued. In tills colony, where an artist must superintend, if not actually perforin every process himself, it ought to furnish occasion for marked commendation when, as in the present Instance, n result !b pro-' ducod quito equal to the examples of chromo- lithography that come to us from England. The two views now published will bo recognised as reduced crpies of somo cf Mr. Chevalier's well- known pictures, and those who can appreciate a genuine artistic pirforinauco will discover nil the freedom, force, and chnnning breadth which dis tinguish Mr. Cheva'ier's stjlo. One is a water fall on Parker's Ilivcr, Cape Otwny, and the other is a view if Mount Sturgeon. In the latter the warm sunlight effect upoD the tower ing grauite rocks is wonderfully well preserved. As an additional proof of tho assiduity with which Mr. Chevalier devotes himself to a labour of this kind, he lias, after many experiments, discovered a process by which the granulated surface bo mucli insisted upon 'by water-colour painters is preserved, so that tho pictures hnvo the nppcnrnnce of having been produced upou the rough- grained paper now coasiderod indispensable to the completeness of a water- eoiour drawing. Without disparaging any previous efforts in this branch of art, we may 6ay, in all truthfulness, that these two samples of the whole series go very greatly beyond anything »f the kind that has hitherto been attempted in Victoria; and as tlie cost has been fixed extremely low — L3 for the set of 12 — tliero ought to he a largo number of subscribers. As a present tn send to friends at homo they are exactly what is. required ; for they not only will give a perfect idea of what tho scenery of the colony is like, but they will indicate the degico of perfection at which art has arrived. Those somnolent people at home, who still insist that wo are a community in a condition of semi-civilization, can havo nothing better than drawings like these to convince them of their error. The inmntcs of tlie Emu Hotel, Bouvcrle street, Carlton, were considerably alarmed on Thursday night by a man named M'Farlane , attempting to slioot Mr. Astlo, the landlord. From Mrs. Astlc's statement it appears that at about half-past 10 o'clock a man armed with a rifle, and having generally the appearance ofn volunteer, came into the bar and asked to sec tho landlord. Mrs. Astle stated that ho could not see her husbnnd as he was ill. The man said that his name was M'Farlane, and that his business was of such an important character that he must see Mr. A6tic. He was then taken into the bnck parlour, where Mr. Astle, who issuffer- ing from blindness, was lying on a sofa, and talking to a gentleman who was sitting beside him. M'Farlnno took off his hat and In a commanding tone toiil Mrs. Aslle to plane it upon the tabic. She did so, whereupon M'Far lane without further parley told Mr. Astle thnt if lie did not pny him L37 lie would give liira the oontents of the rifle, also remarking tlmt ho was as well armed as Morgan. At tills ti no he evidently discovered that tlie gun was not loaded, and he was in tlie act of taking out a charge of powder and ball from a cartouche box to load tlie wenpon, when the gentleman who was sitting beside Mr. Astle made a rush upon the fellow, and succeeded in knocking the chnrgo out ol his hand. A policeman was sent for, hut one could not be found before M'Farlane made his cscnpe. It was stated last evening, that lie had only lately joined the Carlton Rifles, nnd had not yet received ids uniform. M'Farlane, it ia believed, was suffer ing from delirium tremens at the time he com mitted tlie outrage described. Had not the charge been taken from him, there can bo very little doubt but ho would have attempted to murder Mr. Astle, who stated that he never saw him before. The Athletic Sporls Committee met lost evening at the Clarence hotel for the purpose of winding up the affairs of tlie late meeting. The balance was found to amount to about L100, and of that sum it was decided to hand over L25 to the Melbourne Cricket Club for the use of their ground. In recognition of Mr. R. W. Wardili's iudefntignble exertions as honorary secretary and treasurer for tho last and tlie spring meetings, thnt gentleman was presented with a vary handsome gold watch. We have received a copy of the South A us- tralian Itegisier of the 18th. It contains very little intelligence of interest to tlie Victorian reader. At a sham light which tonic place on Lefevre's Peninsula on Easter Monday, a volun teer shot off one of his fingers, the rifle exploding while the ramrod was in it. From an advertisement which appears in another column it will be seen that the Rev. Clement Liniey will preach in St. Georgc's- linll to-morrow morning at II o'clock, and in tlie afternoon at 3 o'clock. Tho Rev. Mr. Liniey is conneetcd with the Methodist New Connexion Denomination, tlie oldest offshoot of tlie Wesleyan body. " The drought," says the Geelong Advertiser, " lias caused a Btraoge congregation of birds iu the Waurn Chain of Fpnds, many of them sti angers to this district. Amongst the most remarkable of our feathered visitors is a bird about the size of a curlew, and not dissimilar in build, though distinct in plumage. It has a red I crest and a ruff of tho same colour ronnd the neck, and wings varying from red to a bronze gradually tinting. On tho some creek opossums abound iu numbers bejoud anything seen for years past." Our readers will remember that, on tho even ing of the 5th Inst.., a ca«o of garottlng occurred lu the right-of-way loading to 7 he Herald ofilco. Mr. M. Lucy, tlia landlord of the Coaeh- makers' Arms, Cardigan street, Carlton, was knocked down nnd robbed of a wntch and chain, anil a number of trinkets. Three men, supposed to be implicated in tlie robbery, wero arrested and brought before the City Court, bnt tho evi dence being incomplete, they were remanded until yesterday morning, when they with others wero again brought up on tho same charge. The prisoners, Chatlcs Henson, Frrdk. Clarke, John Joues alias Hughes, nnd J ihn Penreon, a young seaman, woro charged with committing the as sault and robbery ; anil Stephen Dark and Mary Dark, husband and wife, were accused of- re ceiving tlie property knowing it to havo been stolen. Pearson was, on tho application of Detectivo Black, discharged, as lie appeared not to hs actually guilty of the robbery, and had consented to hecciue approver. His svideuce brought the charge homo to Hie prisoners, who, It was stated, had divided the proceeds of tlie BtoleH property. Ail tlie prisonors wero com mitted for trial. A meeting of tho Scnrsdale Great Extended Mining Company was tn havo been held yester day afternoon, at the offices, G4 Elizabeth street, but no business was transacted, iu consequence of a quorum not being present. A meeting was held at the Leicester street ; Sunday School-room, on Wednesday evening last, tho 19th inst., to tako into consideration the advisability of re-opening the Carlton Band of IIopo at Carlton. Mr. IV. M'Lean being voted to tlie chair, briefly stated tlic object of tho meeting, when the following resolution was unanimously c irricd : — " That the Cariton Band of Hope bo re-openid on Wednesday morning, tlie 20th April, from 7 tn 3 o'ciuck. The follow ing gentleman were elected office-bearers: — President : Mr. J. Lloyd. Vice- President : Mr. W. Bell. Treasurer : Mr. K. Meek. Secretary : Mr. O. M'Lean. Committee : Mr. G. Clapperton, Mr. Clnpperton, sen., Mr. W. M'Lean, Mr. Thomson, Mr. H. R. Lillcy, Mr. M'Douald, son., Mr. Butler, Mr. M'Dounld, sen. Tho Wagga Wagga !'xprc>s reports tlie cap- luro uf a monster cod : — " On Wednesday night last, a codfish was cnugiit a short distance down the river, weighing 87llh,, nnd, not content witli being that size himself, it was found on opening him that l.o had swallowed another flsli weighing 411b. Tho only question is how lie ever mauaged to swallow him, although we know thnt a cod's swallow is a pretty largo one."' About 4 o'clock on Thursday morning a wooden sited belonging to Willinm Dickinson, n butcher, residing at Elsternwick, near t lie El- sternwlck hotel, was observed to be on fire. Tho Ynn Yean water Is not laid on In the neighbour hood, and the building accordingly continued burning, notwithstanding grant exortious to extinguish the flames, until 8 o'clock in tlie morning, by which tiino it wn3 entirely con sumed, together with five pigs nnd somo sheep. The firo is supposed to have been caused by some hot cinders which were thrown out "by tlie servant girl communicating with tho wood, of which the shed wns constructed, and it must have been smouldering for a long time before it broke out. Mr. Dickinson was not insured, and he estimatee his loss nt nbout LG0. Tho Ovens and Hurray advertiser is thus facetious: — "We received positive information on Saturday nnd again yesterday that Morgan had boon seen alive and well in the neighbour hood of tho I'iney Range. On foot of that we have to inform our readers thnt one of our devils —who ought to know something on such a sub ject — snys that Morgan's ghost stuck up the English mail on the high 6eas on Monday last. Wc arc unable to judge between theso rival authorities, but leave tho relative probabilities entirely to our readers." A savago aad murderous assnuit was com mitted by a man nuined Tempest upon his wife nnd his inother-in-law, nt Soldiers' Hill, near Baliaarat, yesterday morning. The Post sup plies the accompanying account of the occur rence " Tempest has not been more than a month or five weeks' discharged from custody as a dangerous lunatic, and it appears has been drinking pretty freely ever sinco. Somo time ago, in consequence of a qunrre! with his wife, ttiey woto separated, and the wifo resided at Talbot. On his return homo this morning, the fiend of jealousy seems to have taken possession of him, and suddenly snatching up a formidable- looking butcher's knife, lie Inflicted suudry wounds on tho persons of his wife and motlier-ln-Iaw. The wife has received a stab under the right enr, almost exactly iu a fine with the carotid artery, which at proscnt appears to be dangerous. She was also stubbed on the head and breast, and had evidently lot a largo quantity of blood. The wounds wero dressed, first by a neighbour, and j subsequently by Dr. Buncc, The map had In flicted some few skin cuis Upon his own arm, but apparently not of any great conecqnence, the flow of blood from them being csu9ed liy Ids own excited struggles when takeu into custody. He was examined by Dr. Bunce, and will be brought up to-morrow at tho Western Police Court on a charge of feloniously cutting and wounding, with intent to do grievous bodily harm, Tho tnother-ia-lfifv ot the prisoner, who Attempted to tako the murderous wenpon from liis grasp, also received a few cuts and bruises, but not dangerous.'' Tile Criminal Sittings of the Supremo Court for April were brought to a close yesterday. An elderly woman narasd Ellen Wiggins was con victed of the manslaughter of Catherine Loner- gun, whom she had attended in childbirth. The prisoner was n midwife, nnd had been engaged for the last 33 years in the practice of tlmt cnll- ing. In the case of Mrs. Lonorgan, however, she neglected to remove a portion of the placenta, the result, of course, bufcg thnt the patient bled to death. She wus sentenced to two months' imprisonment. A Chinaman lias died at Fryer's Creek from the combined effects of starvation, disease, nnd exposure.' lie wns found by a neighbour lying dead on tlia floor of his tent. A meeting to welcome the Revs. II. Waliler and G. Meissel, Moravian missionaries to the aborigines at Cooper's Creek, wns held yesterday evening, at Trinity Church, EastMelhourne. The Rev. H. N. Wolloston presided; and there were about 100 persons present. Both the missionaries arrived a short time ago from Germnny, hut (hey lind latterly resided at the Moravian mission station, Ebonezer, on tho Wimmern, where they obtained an insight into tho manners nnd cus toms of the natives. Tlioy gave an account last night of the success of their brethren at that place, and related some interesting anecdotes showing tho capacity which the aborigh.es possessed to understand the truths of Christianity, and to appreciate the advantages of civilisation. They mentioned that in tho schoolroom at Eocnezer they had seen old groy-iiended men endeavouring to learn to read the English lan guage, and they stated that several of the scholars wero very proficient in writing. The missionaries will leave Melbourne for Cooper's Creek on Eaturday next, the 20tli inBt. A lamentable accident, of a description which we regret to observe is becoming common in tliia country, happened to a child belonging to Mr. Baker, of the Temperance hotel, Castlemnine, on Thursday morning. Mrs. Baker was about to make somo tea, when her little child unob- servedly strolled up to a table, on which wns placed a jug of boiling water. This, the little one taking hold of, capsized, nnd the scalding contents were thereby thrown on to its breast. From contact with tho clothes the holiing liquid spread over the body, doing severe injury to the stomach. Medical aid was immediately called in,' but the sufferer wns pronounced to bo in rather a precarious stnte. After remarking upon the circumstance tlmt J udgo Barry, who has presided at tho Beech- worth Circuit Court, tried Morgan in 1851, at Castlemaine, and that His Honour when at A vend, en mule for Beechworth, heard of the discomfiture of that iniucreaut, tho (vens and Murray 'dvcrtlrcr proceeds to say : < Thoro is not the slightest doubt that If Morgan kuow who his Honour was he would havo instantly rarenged upon him the sentence of which ho complained so bitterly. His Honour we believe would not hnvo been able to obtain a sufficient escort of police for security, as overy man had of eourse turned out on tho joyful intelligence that Morgnn had at length put foot in Victoria, but tiicre was somo tn<k of his gcttiug a sufficient guard of volunteers when the news of Morgau's dentil once mom opened the road." Spurious half-sovereigns an; in circulation at Baliaarat. They look iiko coins of tho Sydney mint. At the weekly meeting of the Executive Com mittee of the Immigrants' Aid Soc'cfy, held on Friday, tlie Superintendent made the follow ing return: — Number of inmates in the home, as reported lost week, 135 ; admitted since, 101. Persons wiio have received out- door relief, 252, or 64 families. Total relieved, 541. Discharged from tlie home during tlie weok, 00. Total nt present remaining, 1D0. iNumbor stone- brook ing, 15 ; oakum-picking and horsehuir- teasing, 10. The following subscriptions have been received during the week by tho collector : — Messrs. Dickson nnd Williams, 1.1 ; Mr. J. P. Bear, LI ; J. 8. G. T., 10s. ; Mr. G. Ilnrkor, LI Is.; Messrs. Vnughan, Moule, and Seddun, L2 2s.; Messrs. Murphy and Lepiostrier, LI Is. ; and Mr. T. Craig, L2 2s. The combined attractions of " Leah," nnd Slgnor Vertelll's flying trapeze performances, have brought tolerably good houses ut the Royal several nights during tlic week. Mr. Allen's benefit took piaco on Thursday, when " Ingo- mar" was repented to a large audience.- Last night Signor Vericfii was much less successful I hull usual, and in nttcmptlng one feat " missed his tip " no fewer than nir.o times in succession, a circumstance which rather irritated tlic spec tators, whs wero less numrrous than UBital. There is no change in the programme for this evening. Mr. John Smith, the manager of the Christy Minrircis Troupe, takes his benefit at tho Hay- market this evening, the lust of the company's engagement. All tho gcraa of tho Christy repertoire will be produe.od on this occasion. Mr. and Mrs. F. Youngc and Mr. Henry Wharton repeat llielr musical entertainment at Hie Poljtcehnic-Imll this evening. 