Chatteb XVI. UIKDERS XSD RE-IOKDEBS. llie Secretary lost no time in getting to work, and hie vigilance and method soon eet tboir inark on the Golden Dustman's affairs, llis earnestness in determining to understand the length and breadth and depth of every piece of work submitted to him by his em ployer, was as special as his despatch in trans acting it. He aece]ited no information or explanation at second hand, but made him self the master of everything confided to him. One part of the Secretaire conduct, under lying all the rest, might haTe been mistrusted by a man with a better knowledge of men than the Golden Dustman had. The Secretary was as far from being inquisitive or intrusive as Secretary could be, but nothing less than a complete understanding of the whole of the affiiirs would content him. It soon became apparent (from the knowledge with which he set out) that he must have been to the office where the Harmon will waa registered, and must have read the will. He anticipated Mr. Boffin's consideration whether he should be advised with on this or that topic, by showing that he already knew of it and understood it. He did this with no attempt at concealment, seeming to be satisfied that it was part of his duty to have prepared himself at all attain able points for its utmost discharge. This might—let it be repeated — have awakened some little vague mistrust in a man more worldly-wise than the Golden Dustman. On the other hand, the Secretory was discern ing, discreet, and silent, though as zealous as if the ■ flairs had been his own. He showed no love of patronage or the command of money, but distinctly preferred resigning both to Mr. Boffin. If; in his limited sphere, he sought power, it was the power of knowledge; the ]iower derivable bom a perfect compre hension of bis business. Aa on the Secretary's face there waa a mmeleaa cloud, ao on ma manner were una a thadow equally indefinable. It waa not that be waa cmbarrmwed, ai ou that flnt night trith (lie 'Wilfer family i he «u habitually on* (mbarrasted now, and yet the something re tnaincd It waa not that Uia manner waa bad, as on tliat oocaaion i it waa now Twy gwd, aa being modest, gracious and ready. Yet the scmething never left it. It haa been written of men who have undergone a cruel captivity, or who have passed through a terrible abut, or who in adf-piwaervaSon have killed a defenceleva fellow-ereeture, that the record thereofbaa neTeriaded&om; their oountenaneer until they died. Wea there any such record here ? He eatahliabed a temporary office for Urn* telf in the new house, and ell went well under Jus hand, with one singular eroepUon. ' Ho manifestly objected to communicate with Mr. Boffin's aoliritor. Two or three time*, when therewea some slight occasion far hi< doing M, he transferred the taak to Mr. Boffin | and hia evasion of it'apon became ao eoriouriy apparent, that Mr. Boffin tgofee to hiwon the eufjectef hisadaetanoe. ■ ' OtJR MUTUAL friend. page 3.) •'It is so," the Sccretaay admitted, would rather not." Had ho any personal objection to Mr. UghtwoodP •' I don't know hiin." Had he suffered from law-suite P ••Kot more than other men," was his abort answer. Was ho prejudiced against the zuoc of lawyers P " Ko. But wjtilc I atn In your employ* ment, sir, I would rather be excused from going between the lawyer and the client. Of course if you press it, Mr. Boffin, -I am ready to comply. But I should take it as a great | favour if you would not press it without urgent occasion." Kow, it could not be said that there was urgent occasion, for Lightwood retained no other affairs in his hands than such as still lingered and languished about the undis covered criminal, and such as arose out of the purchase of the house. Many other matters that might hare travelled to him, now stopped ahoH at the Secretary, under whose adminis tration they were far" more expeditiously and satisfactorily disposed of than they would have been if they had got into Young Blight's : domain. Tliis the Golden Dustman quite understood. Even the matter immediately in hand was of very little moment as requiring personal appearance on the Secretary's part, for it amounted to no mora than tlus :—The death of Hexham rendering the sweat of the honest man's brow unprofitable, the honest xuan had shufflingly declined to moisten his brow for nothing, with that severe eiertion which is known in legal circles as swearing your way through a stone wall. Conse quently, that new light had gone sputtering out. but, the airing of the ola facts had lea come one concerned to suggest that it would be well before they were reoonsigned to their gloomy shelf—now probably for ever—to in duce or compel that Mr. Julius Handford to reappear and be questioned. And all traces of Mr. Julius Hmnaford being lost, Lightwood now referred to his clieut for authority to seek him through public advertisement. "Does your objection go to writing to lightwood, Rokesmith ?" *' Kot in the least, sir." "• Then perhaps youH write him a line, and say be is free to do what he likes. I don't llnnk it promises.** " /don't think it promises," said the Secre tary. "Still, he may do whet he likes." •• I will write immediately. Let me thank you for so considerately yielding to my disin clination. It may seem less unreasonable, if I avow to you that'although I donl know Mr. I^htwood, I have a disagreeable association connected with him. It is not his fruit j he is sot at all to blame for it, and does not even know my name." Mr. Boffin dismissed the matter with a nod or two. Hie letter was written, and next day Mr. Julius Handford was advertised for. He was requested to place himself in com munication with Mr. Mortimer Lightwood, as a possible means of furthering the ends of justice, and a reward was offered to any one acquainted with his whereabout who would communicate the same to the said Mr. Mortimer Lightwood at his office in the Temple. Every day for six weeks this adver tisement appeared at the head of all the newspapers, and every day for six weeks the Becretary, when he saw it, said to himself, in the tone in which he had said to his employer, 1 —411 don't think it promisee!" Among his first occupations the pursuit of that orphan wanted byMrs. Boffin held a con spicuous place. From the earliest moment of Ins engagement he showed a particular desire to please her. and knowing her to have this object^ at heart, he followed it up with un wearying alacrity and interest. Mr. mid Mrs. "Mflrey had found their search m difficult one. Either an eligible Orphan was of the wrong sex (which almost always hap- I pened) or was too old, or too young or too sickly ,or too dirty, or too much accustomed to the streets, or too likely to run away; or, it was found impossible to complete the philan thropic transaction without buying the or phan. For, the instant it became known tliat anybody wanted the orphan, up started some ■fractionate relative of the orphan who put a i price upon the orphau's head. The sudden- ! neas of an orphau's rise in the market was I not to be paralleled by the maddest records ' of the Stock Exchange. He would be at fire thousand per cent, discount out at nurse making a mud pie at nine in the morning, ana (being inquired for) would go up to five thousand per cent, premium before noon. Hie market was "rigged" in various artful ways. Counterfeit stock got into circulation. Parents boldly represented themselves aa dead, and brought their orphans with diem. Genuine orphan-stock was surreptitiously withdrawn from the market, h being announced, by emissaries posted for the purpose, that Mr. and Mrs. Milvey were coming down the court, orphan scrip would be instantly concealed, ana production re fined, save on a condition usually stated br •he brokers «s "agallon of beer." like wise, fluctuations of a wild and South-Sea ■More were occasioned, by orphan-holders beeping back, and then rushing into the market a dozen together. But, the uniform principle at the root of all these operations was bargain and sale; and that principle aould not be recognised by Mr. and Mrs Milvey. ^At length, tidings were received by the Reverend Frank -of a charming orphan to be i found at Brentford. One of the deceased pnentB (Kate his parishioners) had a poor ' widowed mother in mat agreeable town, and ■*» Mrs. Betty Higden, had earned off the aophan with maternal care, but could not afford to keep him. The Secretary proposed to Mrs. Boffin, «ther to go down himself and a preh- I mhuiy survey of this orphan, or to drive her dmrn, that she might at once form her own opinion. Mrs. Boffin preferring the latter course, they set off one morning in a hired phaeton, conveying the hammer-headed young' man behind dtfw The abode of Mel Betty Higden was not «asy4o find, lying in such complicated hack Mttiaromte of muddy Brentford that they Wl their equipage at flic sign of the Throe Magpies, and went in aearcC of it on foci. After many inquiries and defeats, there was JPJ®* out to them in a lane, a very-small «ooage residence, with a board aero* the «pm doorway, hooked on to which boaidby fine armpits was a young mtieman of tender years, aqding for mud with a headless wooden Mttae nb line. In this yomqg oportenao, h/a crisply carting auburn head *•*? oouBtenanoe, the Recrctaey de ferred the^ipban, ^ luppgncd, M tbejguh* liar met, tW the orpl*., Wto oon penonolafriyfetfceufaff of *» ntameatt orcrbduued M«*lf and fjRplM tatoftte rtwot. Being wS oraiun .of * J.quuwy ^ ewpfbnnntjan, lie then took to «»*, tortile* roUed into the gnttor before WW lf 3olrngfolawnltti,end thm the first fwtbg with Jul Hidden w»j iuMuonted , ty fihatmfamd asrmniitenoff of their being in ""— Hi »»/ it first sight am-; . f the orphea, npeide down . ) inthe jyemtensnoe. The bosrd 'V™ Start* Mrmu I p^y faotneed^he diffloUltjflfflur PeKhuti the etfM of the orphan1 ^ibpfeKmseiMlilimmencbwUB-. . to explain, <w.j ^ .... JqEfcistaMth:" *1 proportionate capacity that seemed to assist Ilia eyes in staring at the visitors. In a corner below the mangle, on a couple of 6tools, sat two ven- little children: u boy and a girl; and when tlie veiy long hoy, in an iutcrral of startup, took a turn at the mangle, it was nlnnnmg to see how it lunged itself at those two inuoconte, like a catapult designed for their destruction, harmlessly retiring when within nn inch of their heads. The room was clean and neat. It liad a brick floor, and a window of diamond panes, and a flounce hanging below the chimney-piece, and strings nailed from bottom to top outside the window on winch scarlet -runners w ere to grow in the coming season if the Fates were propitious. However propitious they might, have been in the seasons that wore gone, to Betty HIgden in the matter of beans, they hod notheen very favourable in the matter of coins; for it was easy to sec that she was poor. Slio was one of those old women, was Mis. Betty Higden, who by dint of on indomitable purpose and a strong constitution fight out many years, though each year has come with its new knock-down blows fresh to the fight agaiuBt her, wearied by it; an active old woman; with a bright dark eye and a resolute faec, vet quite a lender creature too; not a logically-reasoning woman, but God is good, and hearts may count in ilearen as high as heads. " Yes sure!" said she, when the business was opened, " Mrs. Milrey had the kindness to write to lue, mu'aui, and I got Sloppy to read it. ll was a pretty letter. But she's an affable lady." The visitors glanced at the long boy, who aceiued to indicate by a broader staro" of hie mouth and eyes thot in hiiu Sloppy stood con fessed. For I ahit, you must know," said Bettv, muck of a baud at reading writing- hand, though I can read my Bible and most print. And I do love a newspaper. You mightn't think it, but Sloppy is a beautiful reader of a newspaper. lie do the Police in different voices.' The visitors again considered it a point of politeness to look at Sloppy, who, looking at them, suddenly threw hack his head, extended his mouth to its utmost width, and laughed loud and long. At this time the two inno cents, with their brains in that apparent danger, laughed, and Mrs. Higden laughed, and the orphan laughed, and then the visitora lauglied. Which was more cheerful than intelligible. Then Sloppy seeming to be seized with an industrious niauia or fun , tumad to at tlie mangle, and impelled it at the heads of tha innocents with such a creaking and rumbling, that Mrs. Higden stopped him. " The gentlefolks can't hear themee! ros apeak, Sloppy. Bide a bit, bide a bit!" " Is that the dear child in vour lap ?" said Mrs. Boffin. * ' Yes, ma'am, this is Johnny." 1 Johnny, too!" cried Mrs. Boffin, turning to the Secretary; "already Johnny! Onlr one of the two names left to give him 1 He's ' a pretty boy." i With his chin tucked down in his shy childish manner, ha was looking furtivelv at Mrs. Boffin out of his blue eyes, and reaching his fat dimpled hand up to the lips of the old woman, who was kissing it by times. " Yea, ma'am, he's a pretty boT, he's a dear darting boy, he's the child of my'own last left daughter's daughter. But she's gone the way of all the rest." "Those are not his brother and sister?" said Mrs. Boffin. " Oh, dwiT no, ma'am. Those are Minders." " Minders ?" the Secretary repeated. " Left to be Minded, sir. I heep a Mtndiug SckooL I can take only three, on account of the Mangle. But I love children, and Four pence a week is Four- pence. Come here. Toddles and Poddies." Toddles was the pet-name of the boy; Poddies of the girt. At their little unsteady pace, tliey came acrose the floor, hand-in hand, as if they were traversing an extremely diffieult road intersected by brooks, and, when they had had their heads patted by Mrs. Betty Higden, made lunges at the orphan, dramatically representing an attempt to bear him, crowing, into captivity and slavery. All the three children enjoved'this to a delightful extent, and the sympathetic Sloppy again laughed long and loud. When it was discreet to atop the play, Betty Higden said " Go to your seats Toddles and toddles," and they returned liand-in-hand acrose coun try, seeming to find the brooks rather swollen by late rains. '"And Master—or Mister—Sloppy?" said the Secretary, in doubt whether he was boy, or what. ' "A lore-child," returned Betty Higden, dropping her voice; "parents never known: found in the afreet. He was brought up in the—" with a sliiver of repugnance. " tin' House." " The Poor-house ?" raid the Secretary. Mrs. Higden set that resolute old face of here, and darkly nodded yes. " You dislike the mention of it." j " Dislike the mention of it P" answered the old woman. " Kill me sooner th«n t-y.. lne there. Throw this pretty child under out homes] feet and > loaded waggon, sooner j take him (here. Come to us and find us all ! '-dying, and set a light to ua all where we | lie, and let us all blase away with the house ! "ft® * heap of cinders, sooner thsw mors a corpse of us there!" A surprising spirit in this lonely woman after so many years of hard working, and hard living, my Lords and Gentlemen and Honor able Boards.' What is it that we call it in our grandiose speeches? British independence, rather perverted? Is that, oraomethine like it, the nag of &e; ? ttrDo.I oarer read in the feesriptpera," (he dame, fondling the And-" GoThelp me and the like of me!—bowthe worn-out people that do come down to Hut, get driven tram post to pillar and pffler to poet, a-purpose to tire them out! Do I never rrad how tliey are put off! put offi pot ofl*—how they are grudged, grudged, grudged, the shelter, or the doctor, or the drop of physic, or the bit of ! bread? Do I never read how they crow heartsick of it and give it up, after having let themselves dropeolow, and how theysfier all die ont for want of help ? Th«n I jay, I hope I can die as well as another, and IB die without that disgrace." menand,Honorable Boards, by any stretch of StSSwS"; " Johnny, my pretty," continued old Betty, wrsttiog w cmidf Bad wither mourning over "T°m oW Granny! Betty is ntoer fonreoore year Bum threesoore j and ten. She never begged nor hadapenny' of the Union money in all her life. Shs naia ■cot. and she paid lot when she badnmneyto i pay ; she worked when she ooulct, wyd she starred when she must. Yot| pray that rour ""ougu lofober at j the last (she a strong for an old one, Johnny) - to ed nn from her bed and rati sad hide hep] self, .and swown to death in a hjfo, sooner than fall into the hands of those Gruel Jacks we sued at, that dodge anddrire, and worn -and weary, and soorn and shame. Jha dsoent [ goor X brilliant euoecsa, my Loijdi end Gentle men and Honorable Boerdi foMn bipi^ht it to this in the ininde ofthe beetof thepoor! 0n4er tnbminioij, might it be worth thinking o£ at anyodd timef , tlhef^ght*od ebhorreuee that Mru-Bepty ihudiTeraion, i had meant it "And doo be work.ibr. Mmf** aekad the j xmtuf, gently bringing the aiaoooree bock ■ to Marteraa-Miiter Sloppy.- ; 4 , ., I " leu," aid Betty mth a gaod-Unmounrd j (■riband nod tftfaa bead. " Aridweutoo.™ "PoeeJmlijiehmf" •<• »'«• k *£e lmt more liere «imnaoT»Ji«e.. jpfe Vw itiibti^ht to lb no Jfti "' and doab'td me u a IummvTIX I lrim*^(titoJw BJogg fte Be^k^ bn^i] wiSTtok Forlb*n*d*»(kwfci^$«(fcirj Am,* ,' ■■ "■ ~ ■1:jl " ^Why, job t^tpofkmg (p&tamedtir;, be JMN^MJ$jnjtndnx- I ha; took hie mime from being found on a Sloppy uiglit." "He seems mi amiable fellow." "Bless you, sir, there's not a bit of him,' returned Betty, "that's not amiable. So you may judge how amiable he is, by running your eye along hie heighlh." Of an ungainly make was Sloppy. Too much of him longwise, too little ofluw broad wise, and too many sharp angles of him angle wipe. One of those shambling male human creatures, born to be indiscreetly candid in the revelation of buttons; every button lie had about him glaring at the public to a quite preternatural extent. A considerable capital of knee and elbow and wrist and ankle, had Sloppy, and he didn't know how to dispose of it to the best advantage, but was always invest ing it in wrong securities, and so getting liim self info cm borrow! circumstances. Full Private Number One in the Awkward Squad of the rank and tile of life, was Sloppy, anil yet hod hie glimmering notions of standing true to tlie Colours. " And now," said Mrs. Boffin, " concerning Johnny." As Johuny, with liis cliin tucked in and Uis lips pouting, reclined in Betty's lap, concen trating bis blue eyes on the visitors and shading thciu from observation with a dimpled arm, old Betty took one oflu6 fresh fat hands in her withered right, and fell to gently beating it on her withered left. " Yes, ma'am. Coneeniiug Johnuy." " If vou trust the dear cliild to me," said Mrs. iloffin, with a face inviting trusty "he eliflU have the best of homes, the best of care, tbe best of education, the best of friends. Please God 1 will be a tine good mother to lriiu!" " I am thankful to you, ma'am, aud the dear eliild would be thankful if lie was old enough to understand." Still lightly beating the little band upon her own. " 1 wouldn't stand in the dear child's light, not if I had all my life before me instead of a very little of it. But I hope you won't take it ill lliat I cleave to tbe child closer limn words can tell, for he's the last living thing lefl me." " Take it ill, my dear soul ? Is it likely ? And you so tender of him as to bring him home here!" " I liave seen," said Betty, still with that light beat upon her hard rough hand, "so many of them on mv lap. And they are all goue but tliie one) i am ashamed to seem so selfish, but I dou't really mean it. It'll be the making of his fortune, and he'll be a gentleman when I am dead. I — I — don't know what comes over me. I — try against it. Don't notice me!" The light beat topped, the resolute mouth gave way, and the fine strong old face broke up into weakness and le&re.; Now, greatly to the relief of the visitors, the (motional Sloppy no aooner beheld bis patroness in (his condition, than, throwing back his head and throwing open his mouth, he lifted up hie bead and bellowed. This alarming note of something wrong iustantlv terrified Toddle* and Poddies, who were no 60ouer heard to roar surprisingly, than Johnnv, curving himself the wrong way and striking out at Mrs. Boffin with a pair of indifferent allocs, became a prey to desjfciir. The absurdity of the situation put its pathos to the rouL Mrs. Betty Htgden was herself in a moment, and brought them all to order with that speed, that Sloppy, stopping short in a polysyllabic bellow, transferred his energy to the *wwg|f> and bad taken several penitential turns before he could be stopped, "There, there, there!" said Mrs. Boffin, ahnoet regarding her kiud self as the most ruthless of women. " Nothing is going to be done. Nobody need be frightened!. We're all comfortable; ain't we, Mrs. Higdcti ?" " Sure and certain we are," returned Bettv. 14 And there roally is no huny, you know*'* said Mrs. Boffin in a lower voice.* 11 Take to think of it, my good creature!" " Do you fear me no more, ma'am," BettyI thought of it for good yesterday. I don't know what come orcr me'just now, but it'll never come again." " Well, then, Johnny shall have more time to think of it," returned Mrs. Boffin; "the pretty child shall have time to get used to it. And you'll get him more used to it, if you think well of it; won't you ?" Betty undertook that, cheerfully aud readily. " cried Mrs. Boffin, looking radiantly shout her, 44 we want to make everybody happy, not dismal J—And perhaps vou wouldn't mind letting sue know how used to it you begin to get, aud how it all goes on f " 41 111 send Sloppy," arid Mi*. " And this gentleman who I>m come with me will pay him for his trouble," said Mr*. Boffin. "And Mr. Sloppy, whenever you come to my house, be sure you sever go away without having had a good dinner of «««■>» beer, vegetables, and pudding." This still further brightened the of «&ir;»i for, the highly tym pathetic Bloppv, first broadly staring aud grinning, and then roaring with laughter, Toddles and Poddies followed fuit, and Johnny trumped the trick. T and P considering these favourable eircum stauce6 for the resumption of dot dramatic descent upon Johnny, agsin came cross country hand-in-hand* upon a buccaneering expedition; and tlus hanng been fought ouT in the chimney comer behind Mr*. JSgden's Chair, with givat valour on both aides, those desperate pirate* returned hand-in-hand to their stools, across the dry bod of a mountain torrent. ^ " You must tell me what loan do for you, Betty my friend," said Mrs. Boffin oonfidea MiUy, " ifsot to-day, neat tune." "Thank you ail the same, nm'am, but I want nothing for myself I <*n work. I'm *#lk t*reat7 "file if rm put to it. Old Bettywus proud, and said it with a sparkle id her bright eyes. "Yes, but there are some little comfort* that vonwouldnTle the worse for," returned I Mis. Boffin. " Bless ye, I wasn't bom a lady any more than you." "It seems to me," said Betty, smiling, that you wen bom a lady, and a true mi, or there never was a lady bom. But I couldnt take anything from you, my dear. I never did take anything from any one. It tun tthat I'm not grateful, but I lore to earn abetter." "Well, webI" returned Mis. Boffin. "I only epoko of little things, or I wouldn't hare taken the liberty." Betty put her visitor's hand to her lips, in •dawwdadguient of the dedicate turn*, wonderfully upright her figure was. awl wonde^/ndftXnt herlSk,«, rtifaW facing her visitor, she eniUined herself forther ''It I could ban kept the dear AtM, wjlhout the dread that's always upon me of K» coming to that Jabs X have spoken o£ I ootud new hare pasted with him, even to you. For I love hnn. I lava him,i <h»4 and gone, in Mm' i fa" dead and gone, in and gone, fa litmfiM^ldo'tlS^M.love.'^d %&} *** **■ It's • fiee gift. X am fa praBtgf nothing., Whan my strength fafa ma, II osufait?ieofauJSt aiuTquiet.X thallbe quite content. Ih*vs ^oodbetawn my dead and that ifaune I hare spokm rfaadft has Iwlapt bf Jfrom every one of than. Bemad into nj gown," with hcrhand miauhor tatari, "isjust -enough to lsyme ro the sravn. Onlyasettist iPasfahtlr much more than a IUtle thi»far m». abd alitfatfa thispsmeatwtafdfay fawrtfa get! hfas. Betty HqpWs visitor premad her ®^??^**«*J'V>wfa*altfag»ofthe, '' "^Xnrdiaod -As rii «m! fljvT - y tow Ate teySp JiHNB < fiquod into toampAtimjj {fHimjffinutia to k»n> Jfo*. Petbj Big&mii; alrfrtf j (amps' irMA to ^ " ffflflrra * "L" "<JWJ Jr i hiifrifiiii laHii/ in 9ii4bJlrijU3&t;><■ rism>, Ag^isl wonders lurking in Mrs. ltofiin'8 house, so fur conciliated this worldly-minded orphan as to induce liim to store at' her frowningly, with a fist in his mouth, and even at length to chuckle when a richly-caparisoned horse on whoels, with a miraculous gift of centering to cako sliops, was mentioned. This sound being taken up by the Minders, swelled into a rapturous trio which gave geueral satisfaction. So, the interview was considered very suo ceecful, and Mrs. Boffin was pleased, and all were satisfied. Not least of all, Sloppy, who undertook to conduct (he visitors back"by the best way to the Three Magpies, aud whom the hammer-hooded young man much despised. This piece of business thus put in train, the Sccretsiy drove Mrs. lloffiu back to the Bower, and found employment for himself at the new house until evening. W hether, when craning came, he took a way to liis lodgings that led through fields, with any design of finding Mies Bella Wilfer in those fields, is not so certain as that she regularly walked there at that hour. And, moreover, it is certain that there she was. No longer iu mourning, Miss Bella was dressed in as pretty colours as she could muster. There is 110 denying that she was as pretty as they, and that she and the colours went vent prettily together. She was reading as she walked, and of course it is to be inferred, from her showing no knowledge of Mr. Kokcsmith's approach, that she did not know he was approaching. ■ " EU f" said Miss Bella, raising her eyes from her book, when lie .-lopped before ller. "Oh! It's you." " Only I. A fine evening." " Is it P" said Bella, looking coldly round. [ " I suppose it is, now von mention it, I hare not been thinking of llie evening." I " 80 intent upon your book P' " Tc-e-cs," replied Bella, with a drawl of in- I difference. ) " A love story, Miss WilfcrF" w j " Oh door no, or 1 shouldn't be reading it j It's mora shout monev than anything else." " And does it say tint money is better than anything P" " Upon my word," returned Bella, " I forget what it aays, but you can find out foryouraolf, if vou like. Mr. Kokesuiith. I don't want it if you like, Mr. Rokesmith. anymore." The Secretary took the book—she had tint- j tcrod the leaves' as if it were a fen—and walked j beside her. " I am charged with a message for yon. Miss Wilfer." "Impossible, I think!" said Bella, with another drawl. "From Mra. Boffin. She desired me to assure you of the pleasure she has in finding that she will be ready to receive you in another week or two at "furthest." Bella turned her head towards liim, with her prettily-insolent eyebrows raised, and her eyelids drooping. As much as to say, " How didym come by the message, pray P" " I have been waiting for an opportunity of telling you that I am Mr. Boffin 1 Secretarv." " I am as wise as ever," ■aid Mwa Bella, j loftily, " for I don't know what a Secretary is. Not that it signifies." "Not at alt" A covet glance at her faor, aa he walked | betide her, ebowed him that she had not ex- ; ported his ready assent to that proposition. 1 " Then are you going to be always three, : Mr. BokeamitbP" she inquired, as if that j would be adrsnrbaek. " Always P lib. Very much there f lVs," "Dear ae!" drawled Bella, in a tone of | mortifioaiioa. f " But my position there as Secretary, vriQ ; be very different from yours as guest. Vou j will know little or nothing about me. I shall transact the business: you will transact the pleasure. I shall hare my sahuy to earn t you will have nothing to do but to enjoy and attract" " Attract, sir?" said Bella, again with her j eyebrows retired, and her eyelids drooping. " I j dent understand you." Without replying on this point, Mr. Boka- ' smith went on. ^ Excuse me; When 1 first saw you itt your black dress " ("There1." was Miss Bella's mental cx- 1 ciamalion. " What did I say to them at home? Evervbodv noticed tliat ridiculous mourning.") "hen I When I firet saw yon in your black drevs, I was at a loss to account for that distinction between yourself and your family. I hope it was not impertinent to speculate upon it P " 1 hope not, I am sure," said Mils Bella, haughtily. " But rem ought to know best how you speculated upon it," Mr. Bokcsmith inclined his head in a deprecatory manner, and went on. "Since 1 hare been entrusted with Mr. Boffin's affairs, Ihave necessarily come to ! understand the little mystery. I venture to ; remark that I fed jSnmed that tnudi of 1 your Ioh may be repaired. I speak, of 00 arse, merely of wealth, Miss Wilfer. The Iocs of a perfect stranger, whose worth, or worthless iicw, I cannot estimate—nor you either—is beside the question. But this excellent gentlemen and lady are so full of simplicity, eo full of generosity, so inclined towards you, aud so desirous to—bow shall I express it t— to make amends fig'their good fortune, that you hare only to respond " As he washed her with another covert look, he saw * certain ambitious triumph in her hue which no assumed coldness could conceal. ■ ■ t " As we have been brought under one roof lymMij^dlMlsMliMnllfifmilnSiliiM,, which oddlv extend* itself to the new relations before sis, i have, taken the liberty of saying these few words. Von don't consider them intiudre I hope If* said the Secretary with deference. Keally, Mr. Bokswiuth, I can't say what I_consider th«a,"fetsin»ed the young lady. and maybe "They arepesfeot^ytiewto me, and may 1 founded altogether OC your own imagination." " Vou wilfaee. . . Tbe« same fields were opposite the Vlfir premises. The dfeereet Mrs. Wilfcr now Molting out of-stbitlow and beholdii^ her daughter in Misif§jwm* with her lodger, in stantly tied up wrtiesd aud name out form casual walk. "I have txwtt *e&lug; Miss Waller," said John B ok mouth, ns ths aageatie lady came atallting up," IhatTlwm become, iT-aeuriotts ohance, fiiv DtdpA. SofautSiy or .mau of badness." " lharetwt,"mtaMMim WDfer, soqusinlnnre?, .. ... ... me to 1-1 Uiernr' ^ Imply— MbjunllUy todesrt "mt-M expeetodwy. \- -lutown," r-a Km. her shoulders, ' "to tny: tdfctitions tcrni attractions, I do bo with the qualification that I do not moan it in any way whatever." The excellent lady delivered this luminous elucidation of her news with an air of greatly obliging her hearers, and greatly dis tinguishing herself. Whereat Hiss Bella laughed a sooruful little laugh and said i " Quite enough about this, I am sure, on nil sides. Have the goodness, Mr. nokesmith, to give my love to Mrs. Boffin- " " Pardon me 1" cried Mrs,'WBfer. *' Com pliments. " Love!" repealed Bella, with a little stomp - of her foot. "Xo!" said Mrs. Wilfor, monotonously. " Compliments." (*' Say Miss Wilfcr's love, and Mrs. Wilfor's compliments," the Secretary proposed as a compromise.) " And I shall be very glad to coma when she is ready for mo. The sooner, the belter." " One last word, Bella," aaid Mrs. Wilfer, " before descending to the family apaitmont. 1 trust tluit as a child of mine you will era be sensible that it will be graceful in yon, when associating with Mr. and Mre. Boffin upon equal terms, to remember tliat the Secre tary, Mr. Rokesmith, as your father's lodger, has a claim on your good ward." The condesocnsion with which Mrs. Wilfer delivered this proclamation of patronage, was as wonderful as the swiftness with which the lodger had lost caste in the Secretary. lie smiled as the mother retired down stairs; but liis face fell, as the daughter followed. "So insolent, so trivial, so capricious, so mercenary, so careless, so hard to touch, so hard to turnhe said, bitterly. And added as he went up stain. " And yet so pretty, so pretty!" And added presently, as lie walked to and | fro in his room. " And if she knew 1" i She knew tliat he was shaking the house by his walking to and fro; and Hie declared it ! another of the miseries of being poor, that you j couldn't get rid of a haunting Secrotaiy, stump —stump—stumping overhead in the dark, like I a Ghost. { 