now are. The French and English merchant! meet each other not so much as rivals but as co-operators in supplying the general market of the world. The operations of the one supplement those of ' the other. Fancy goods which England conld not easily produce for herself France provides her with. Heavy goods, which France is not accustomed to make, she obtains from England. Like Abraham and Lot, with their pasturage, they make a tacit division of the market between them. The civilized and fastidious tastes of tha European find their richest gratification in Paris or Lyons; while the stalwart colonial, with the making of a new world in. him, with fields to plough, roads to make, and fences to put up, commends him self to Manchester for moleskin, to Birmingham for pick and shovel, and to London for his etceteras. SoloBg as Franco haa a Govern ment sensible enough to lee that she has nearly three hundred millions sterling per annum at stake on the maintenance of peace, we need be under no apprehension of a European war. Tee Matt..- The English mail will close this day (Monday), ,as under:— For newspapers, at nine (9) a.m. ; for letters, at eleven (11) a.m. Sup plementary mail for letters, upon which a late fee of sixpence has been paid, at twelve 02) noon. This Evening's Amusements. — The inhabi tants of Adelaide need not complain of ennui from a want of amusements. Three rival esta blishments now solicit their patronage. Professor Bushell will reappear this evening in White's Assembly Boom; Ashton's .Royal Anglo-Saxon Circus will pitch their tent on the old spot near the freemason's Tavern, Pirie-street, and give their opening performance this evening; and at the Victoria Theatre the very popular drama, founded on supposed incidents of the Indian mutiny, 'Jessie Brown,' will be produced. This piece has, we understand, been carefully rehearsed, and properties have been specially procured to enable the management to place it witn stnKing enect upon the stage. We ate informed also that in pur suance of a determination to offer a succession of novelties, the management have engaged 'The St. Leon Family,' whose performances on the slack and tisht ropes and trapeze in the Theatre JJoyal, Melbourne, were much admired. These clever gymnasts will appear at the Victoria Theatre towards the latter P&rt; of this week. Mb. and Mk3. Case's Entertainment.— Mr. and Mrs. Case -gave their final performance ia Adelaide on Saturday evening, March 25. White's Room was tolerably well filled, and the various characters embraced in the entertainment, selected fiom 'Apartments to Let,' 'Latest Intelligence,' and 'ATriptotheEhine,' were represented with all the fidelity and cleverness which distinguish Mrs. Case's acting. Her singing and danciug were so much admiied as to evoke encores; while Mr. Case's concertina, pianoforte, and violin perfor mances were received with their usual applause. At the close of the last piece Mrs. Case come forward and gracefully thanked the Adelaide public for the kind appreciation and generous support they had accorded her and her husband during their stay. She also intimated that they might at some future time repeat their visit to the colony. Mr. and Mrs. Case perform to- night and to-morrow night at Gawler, and on Wednesday at .Kapunda: after which they intend leaving for Sydney. Immigration— The Coldstream, chartered to convey immigrants to Adelaide, was to receive passengers at Plymouth on the 27th February. Cost per statute adult, £12 14s. 8d. PbiceopGas.— It will be seen by an advertise ment in this day's 'paper that the price of gas has been reduced to 18s. per thousand cubic feet— a very considerable advantage to the consumers, and a pleasing evidence of the success of the Company. Supreme Court.— The Full Court sat on Satur day, the last day of Term. Mr. Ingleby, in Vautin v. Oldham, obtained a rule nisi to rescind the rule Jor a new trial granted in this case, on the ground that the matter had not been prosecuted within a reasonable time. In the matter of Duncan McPherson, deceased, Mr. Ingleby obtained an order for citation on behalf of the next of kin, the eldest son of the deceased. Mr. Palmer obtained rules for certiurari in two or three cases before adjudicated on in Local Courts; and Messrs. W. H. Bundey, J. Brady, and U-. F. Whitington were admitted as practitioners of the Court Adelaide Police Court.— On Saturday Walter Travers, otherwise Baldry, was brought up on remand No further evidence was forthcoming, but as there was a yrima ftteie case against the prisoner, he was comniitte'd for trial at the Supreme Court A female was ordered to be imprisoned for seven days as an habitual drunkard. Fins IK the Cemetery.- Un Friday last, about 1 e' clock, a fire broke out in the acacia hedge which bounds the southern side of the West terrace Cemetery. Fortunately there was very little wind at the time. A number of men engaged in Corporation work happened to be near at hand, who. with a few of the neighbours, succeeded in checking the progress of the flames before very much damage was done. The City Council have gone to considerable expense in keeping down the grass within the enclosures; but this is not done in the' Cemetery, where the grass is so long and dry, that except under very favourable circum stances, a fire breaking out within the enclosure could not be checked. The consequences of such a fire arc painful to reflect upon. Accident.— At about 4 o'clock on Sunday afternoon, March 26, as two persons were pro ceeding in a gig at a rather rapid rate from Moore street into Angos-street, the wheel come in contact with a post at the corner, capsizing the vehicle and throwing the occupants out with considerable force. The driver, who was under the influence of liquor at the tune, received several cuts and bruises, but not of a character requiring medical assistance The other person escaped without injury. CHALMEB8 FREE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. — Two missionary discourses were yesterday delivered in this Church by the Rev. John Gardner. The sub ject in the forenoon was 2 Cor. 8, 1(5-20; and that in the evening was Genesis 13, 7-18. The collections, which were on behalf of the Dayspring; amounted to £31 13s. 5d. New Hebrides Mission.— The Eev. John G. Paton preached at the Freeman-street Congre gational Church on Sunday morning, March &'s on behalf of the New Hebrides Mission. The church was well filled, and at the close of the devotionall portion of the services the Kev. Mr. Paton selected his text for the sermon from Corinthians I, 14th chapter, 9th verse— ?'For a great door and effectual is opened unto me, and there are many adversaries.' The rev. gentleman, after a' few prefatory remarks on the subject of the sermon, proceeded to show, first, that at Ephesus God opened a great and effectual door of usefulness for Paul, which he proved by six illustrations ; secondly, he pointed out that the adversaries Paul met with at Ephesus were of a similar description to those which all missionaries of the present day had on the island of the New Hebridess to contend with. Having described the Goddess Diana, and the form of worship, the reverend gentleman showed a goddess from the islands of a similar character. He then spoke of the trinkets brought from Diana, from which the worshipper expected blessings, and contrasted with these the aprons from Paul's person, working miracles peculiarly adapted to the prejudices and worship of the Epheslans; thirdly, the rev. gentleman showed that the means of which Paul availed himself to overcome these evils, missionaries of the present day uffid, and that they were as powerful as ever to accomplish God's work in sweeping away idola tory. and in saving louls ; and fourthly he made an earnest appeal on behalf af the New Hebrides Mis sion and the schooner Dayspring, which resulted in a collection amounting to £26 14s.l0d. In the even ing the Bev. Mr. Paton, in aid of the same object, preached a sermon in the Flinders-street Baptist Chapel to a large congregation. Un this occasion he took for his text the 19th and 20th verses of the 23tn cnapter ot Matthew— 'Uo ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the ' Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: teaching them to observe all things what soever I have commanded you; and lo, lam with you always, even unto the end of the world. Amen.' The sermon was most impressive, and bore frequent reference to the state of the heathen in the islands of the New Hebrides. The sura in the boxes at the doors, which were devoted to the receipts of voluntary contributions in aid of the work, amounted to £10 12s. Coubacb Bewabded.— A few days ago we had the pleasure to record a bold and skilful effort by which Mr. Durieu avoided a collision between the omnibus he was driving and a pony-carriage driven by a young lady on the Bay-road. We understand that Mr. Durieu has since received a very gratifying verbal acknowledgment of the courage and skill by Tflbich he prevented a serious accident, and the message was accompanied by a £5 note. Cbicket Match.— The return match between the Albert and Hindmarsh Cricket Clubs took place on the East Park Lands on Saturday after noon, March IS. Messrs. Chapman and Stacey acted as captains for the Albert and Hindmarsh teams respectively. At the conclusion of the game the Albert's had obtained the fine score of 114 runs, their opponents only making 35. The bowling of Bosnian and Aldridge on the Albert side woa very effective, as was also that of Jones and Leaney, of the Hindmarsh team. The highest individual score was that of Woods, who obtained B3 runs. Chapman carried out his bat for 24. The conquering match is expected to come off shortly. Importations of Foreign Wines.— A recent publication by the English Board of Trade includes the following information:!— During the year 1864 more than 2,000 houses of business in Loi don paid duty on imported wine3, the three following firms being the largest importers :— W. A. Gilbey, 282,610 gallons; Martinez & Co., 190,261 gallons; Sandeman & Co. ; 140,323 gallons. The aggregate importation of 1S64 was more than a million of gallons la excess of the aggregate ia 1803, FRENCH COMMERCE. The French are in great glee at having stolen a march on the English in trade. According to an official Blue-book lately published, theirr commercial transactiona in 1863 - i.e., the aggregate of their exports ana imports — amounted to 0,763 millions of francs, or up wards of £270,000,000. In 18G2, the last year for which tho returns have been published, the aggregate trade of England was 9,500 millions of francs, or about £3S0,000,000. K?.u French ingenuity cannot conceal that the English are still a long way ahead of them — the one aggregate being almost half as large again as the other on their own showing— but they flatter themselves that they are making rapid advances. Ten ' years ago, at the inauguration of the Napoleonic providence, their trade was barely half as large as tho English, and it is certainly creditable to them to have pulled up to well in such a short space. To their rivals this loss is amply compensated by tbe recollection that concessions of theirs were the main caueo of it. Without doubt France owe* her recent commercial prosperity in a great meaiuro to Cobden's treaty of 1859. That treaty did to France what the repeal of the Corn Laws did to England— infused fresh blood and fresh vigour into her. Its effects wero conspicuous from the first, but became every day more so as its principles were extended to other countries. Belgium soon followed Engluud, then Switzerland and other minor States; latest of all comes the Zollvercin in this very year, 1865. The three years immediately pre ceding tho 'refornib' as they call these free trado movements in France, contrast poorly with the first three yew of their operation. Notwithstanding the cotton famiuo the excess of the latter period over tho former was 2,000 millions of francs, or £80,000,000— nearly 50 per cent, on the aggregate trade of 1857. Ear be it from tho English to envy the bril liant succors of tLeir neighbours across the Channel. Their own success has been equally BatisJuotory, and the one does not necessarily interfere with the olher. Iudocd, it will appear on examination perfectly sur prising how two sucli vast trades could make room for themselves in tho wunu wiiuuim coming into competition more than they do. Each has its principal markets quite distinct from tho other. A largo proportion of the French trade is European, whereas England's own colonies form her best customers, 'iho intercourse of France with her immediate neighbours in Europe, forms ncai ly five-3ixlhs of her entire trade. It yields 5,1*1 millions of francs out of G.7G3 millions, or £202,000,000 out of £270,000,000. Her coloHial trade, however, is limited lo the trming sum ol JSHU millious of francs, or £ll,400,000-a twenty-fifth part of the entire aggregate. Asia figures for 252 millions of francs (£10,080,000) j Africa (including Algeria and Sonegambia) for 430 millions (£17,200,000); North and South America for 940 millions (£37,G0O,OO0). But it is to be hoped that tho Emperor's new cousin of Mixioo will do something towards stimulating this department. Ihe Mexican trade ought to yield an extra hundred million francs a year, or the manufacturera of tho Somme will think the war a bad bargain. Among the wonderful changes which tbe pro sent Emperor has effected, both on tbe country and the people of Frjuice, tho creation of a commercial spirit for a Bafety-valvo to the martial ardour of former days U, perhapi, the most surprising. Tho men who a few jears ago would leave home and family and buii. ness to rush here, there, or anywhero in search of 'glory;' who oorrespondtd with Poland, Rome, Hungary, and every 'oppreised nationality' under the sun ; who made muni . cipul bylaws in accordance with the abstract and immutable righli of man ; and would rim at the risk of their lives after the cry of 'Liberty, Equality, and FraternUj' — those men ore now difficult to find in La Belle France. The new djnssty has created a new woo of subjects to mit jtself. Martial ardour has given place to com. mercial amb.tion. The memory of Lamartino and Victor Hugo and Louis Blanc is forgotten amid the exploits of M. Pereire on 'Change, and M. de Lesseps with bis Suez Canal. The Foreign Minuter just as often talks M shop' in his despatches as our own Lord Russell. Tbo 'interests of France' is now as frequent ? stock phrase in diplomacy as the 'rights of man' used to be. From the Government down to the dirtiest tj»culator of Vive PJim pereurt all are impregnated with tho views of expediency— the BelfUhnesp, in short, which they formerly despised as worthy only ol La Perjide Albion. Did they not to a man sup port the Emperor in demanding tfico and Savoy as his reward for tho campaign in Lombardy ? Was it not the impatience of llie people at the costliness and ill success of tt,e Mexican expedition which induced him to hurry it to a premature conclusion ? If his fkithful subject! had not clamorously insisted tliat Mexico was a bad barguin, Oou*iu* Mas would not have got it 10 dirt cheap as lie did. There is to be no more fighting for ideas in France. All that 'glorv' re.i quires her to do now is to keep her fleet a», nearly as possible on a level with the Kr^lUb, For the rat of her teaching «ho look* to self interest, and self-interest urges her to com peto with her old rival, no longer in war, but in trade. John Bull hails the change as for his interest too. Ho considers it a bot»^ Dasis lor tae entente vordiale than any number of Cbcrbourgs or any number of ironclads. As a proof of his sincerity he sentU over his free trade apoatlc Richard Cobdcn with authority to yield a hundred points or even two hun dred to France, just to give her a fair start, Tho treaty is made, confirmed, published j de-' nounced a good deal at first by the xnanvu facturers, who saw in it only the destruction of their protective monopolies; then tolerated, next praibtd, ami finally exulted in by the wholo nation. The commercial reforzne of 185U are yar excellence 'the reforms,' and fill a miteh larger epace in tbe national mind than the revolution of 18J8, or even the coup d'etat itfcelf. England not only gare the original utimulug \q tho movement, but contributed htgfAy besides to the development of its results. Before 'the reforms' the aggregate trade between her and Franco evernged 1,000 millions of francs yearly. In I860 it 'rose to 1,261 millions. In 18C1 it was \,\1§ millions; 1862, 1,490 miUionB; and 1863 1,752 million*, or 75 per cent, increase since* 1859\. Thus England takes more than 9 fourth of the wholo European trado of France, and HO millions more than her American, Aincan, and Asiatic trade alto gether. That is an argument for the enlentt cordiale much stronger than would have been tbe most complex chain of intermarriages between our Royal Family end that of Louis Philippe, supposing such a thing to have been possible. Under the old regimet however intimate and friendly the relation* which might havo aubsieted between the two Courts, the Frenoh and English peoples could never have been brought into contact hb they 