THE TRIAL AND CONFESSION OF DR. PR1TCUARD. At ten o'clock on Monday morning, 3rd July, the trial of Dr. Pritehard, on tho charge of murdering his wife and mother-in-law, in Glasgow, commenced in tho High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, be fore tho Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Ardmillau, and Lord Jorviswoodo. Tho court-room was crowded, and many were disappointed- in obtaining admis sion. Tho indictment chnrgcd tho prisoner with administering tnrlarised antimony, aconite, and opium to his mother-in- law, Jauo Cowpor Taylor, in Inpioca aud iu porter or hoer, and iu a medicine called Batloy's sedativo solution, between tho 10th and 25th of February, 1805 ; nnd it also charged him with administering on reneated occasions, iu February nud March, 1805, tartarised antimony and aconite to his wife, Mary Jauo Taylor Pritehard, in articles of food and of medicine. Tho prisoner entered tho dock at ton o'clock exaotly, dressed in deep mourning. He wns calm nud self-possessed, nnd looked coolly round tho court when he had tnken his seat. He is a stout, well-built man, pre possessing in appoarauco, aud with sharply defined features. He wears his hair long, and has a largo bushy board, but no moustache. The prisoner's brother, Charles Augustus Pritehard, secretary to tho naval commander-in-chief, Ply mouth, by permission of tho court, took his Beat beside him iu the dock, nud remained with him all duy. Tho prosecution was couduotod, in the absence of tho Lord Advooato in London, by the Solicitor General, assisted by Mr Gilford and Mr Cricbton, advocates depute ; tho defence was conduclod by Mr A. R. Clarke, Mr William Watson, and Mr David Brand, ndvocatos. Tho prisoner's counsel moved tho court to separate the two chnrgeB of murder, on the ground thut it embarrassed the de fouco to try the two crimes together. Tho court unanimously refused to grant tho request. The prisoner was then called on to plead to the indict ment, and in a cloar distinct voico he plcudcd Not Guilty ; aud a jury having boon ompannellcd, the evidenou for tho prosecution commenced ubont half past eleven o'clock. Tho remainder of the day wus occupied by tho examination of five witnesses, three of whom wero merely formal, and occupied only a few minutes. Tho two important witnessos wero Cathcrino Latimer and Mary M'Leod. Subjoined iB a Bummary of tho subsequent proceedings : — Catberiuo Latimer, lately cook in Dr. Pritchard's service, dopoued to tbo circumstances and events of tho housoholdup to her leaving it. Mrs Pritchard's illness began in October with frequent sickness. Sho went to Edinburgh to visit her mother iu Novoutbor, returning at Christinas. Her mother and Miss Pritehard, who lived with hor grnudmumma in Edinburgh, camo with hor. Mrs Pritehard then appeared to he iu vory good health. Sho continued so for about a week, hut after that became ill again. Witnoss was to have left tho servioe on tho 2nd, bnt owing to her mistress's illness sho remained till tho 10th of February. One night Mrs Pritehard ex claimed, ' Oh, Catherine, I have lost my senses. I never wus so had us this before.' Sho wus soized with crump about the 14th of Fobrnary. Sho was very ill, and called Mary M'Leod to fotch Dr. Gairduer. Dr. Pritehard was in tho room when anothor doctor was sent for ; he was crying, and witness heard deceased say ' Don't cry, you hypocrite,' or ' Don't cry, for if you do you are a hypocrite,' anil sho added that the doctors were all hypocrites together. She told Dr. Gairdner sho had chloroform, hut Bhe hud nevor said so to witness. Wituess coutiuued iu tho servico till Mrs Taylor was brought back again from Ediuburgh. Mrs Taylor said to witness, ' I don't understand her illness. She is one day better and another worse.' Mary M'Leod, a girl of sovonteon, housemaid at Dr. Pritchard's, was between four and five hours nndor examination, and gave hor evidence with evident reluctance. She generally took up Mrs Pritchard's diuuer and tea, which she Boinotimes got from Dr. jfmcnara as no sat wuu ins iumny in tue uimiig room. Mrs Pritehard aften said, 'I wonder when this sickness is to stop.' When witness was sent for Dr. Gairdnor she heard Mrs Pritehard say 'Don't cry; if you cry you're a hyproorite ; it was you that did it.' ? On one occasion Dr. Pritehard sent hor up with a hit of cheese, which Mrs Pritehard tastod, and asked witness to tuste ; it felt hot, and made witnoss thirsty. Witness deponed to tho sudden illness of Mrs Taylor ; sho said sho surely had her daughter's complaint. Sho died about midnight of the day Bhe wus taken ill ; sho was writing letters in the consulting room nt 9 o'clock, and was helped upstairs, where she became Bpeediiy ill, and died. The prisoner had used improper familiaritios with witness, and Mrs Pritehard had seen him kissing her. Witness beoumo with child to him. He said ho would put it all right. She had a misoarriago. — (Iuterrogated. — Did ho do anything to yon to produce miscarriage 1 But tho question was objected to, us forming a separate crime not libollod against the prisoner, and disallowed by tho court.) — The connection was con tinued up to the time Mrs Pritehard visited Edin burgh, but not after some time before. hiB wife tnrnod ill. Ho spoke of marriage to witness. He said ho would marry hor if his wife died before him. Ho gave witness a ring the year before last ; also a brooch the same month his wifo died. He gave his photograph in the locket, but witness had since torn it out. — Cross-ex- amined : Believed prisoner to bo in joko when he spoke of marriage. The court adjourned. Tho proceedings were resumed on the following morning. Tlio court house was denBoly crowdod throughout the day. The prisoner was culm and colleoted, though looking a little loss at ease than on tho previous day, perhaps from the futigne of long sitting in tbo warm court. His brother again sut in the dock with him all day. Tho first witness oxamined was Mary Paterson, who succeeded Latimer as cook iu Pritchard's service. Ou tho 10th of February, Mrs Pritehard was ill, and witness never was upstairs to Bee her till the night of Mrs Taylor's illness. Hoard Mrs Pritehard exclaiming ' Mother, won't you spoak to mo ?' and went in and found Mrs Taylor's body getting cold. She died the same night, and witness dresBed tho body, which had a pinkish streak on tho loft side. On the Tuesday be fore Mrs Pritehard diod witnoss found a bit of cheese in the pantry, and ate a little bit about the size of a poa. Aftor eating it she felt a burning sensation in the throat, and got sick and vomited. Her sickness continued from morning till night. Next day tho prisoner asked witness to make some egg-flip for Mrs Pritehard. The) doctor gave her tho egg, aud while witness was beating it ho camo once or twice into the pantry, and dropped in what witness took to be pieces of lump sugar. He said ho would add the whiskey when it came upstairs. On pouring in the water to see if it was not enough, witness tasted it, nnd remarked to Mary M'Leod it had a horrible taste. She had tho same sensations after it as from tho cheese, and continued sick till four o'clock next morning. When Mary M'Leod camo down to bed she told her the mistress was so ill that she would not allow the doctor to leuvo tho room. Witness did not see Mrs Pritehard till the Friday. She wns well at noon, when she saw her drink something from a glass, which the doctor took from her. Sho became very ill at five, and excited. She was raving about her mother. Sho asked witness to rub her hands, and wos much cramped. Sho spoke about her children incohe rently. About half-past one was called out of bed to make a mustard poultice ; and, nbout five minutes after, was called upstairs. Tho doctor was in bed with his wifo. She touched Mrs Pritehard, nnd found her cold. Tho doctor proposed to apply the poultice, and to got hot water, saying sho was only fainling; but witness said nothing could he done for a dead body. He said, ' Come back, eomo back, my darling Mary Jane ; do not leave your denr Edward.' And added, ' What a brute ! what u heatheu ! So gentle, so mild.' Ho asked witness to shoot him ; and in answer to her rebuke how be should stand before a righteous God, said, ' True, Paterson ; you're the wisest nnd kindest woman I ever saw.' Thomas Council and Richard King, two students of medicino residing in tho house of tho prisoner, gavo evidenco similar to previous witnesses, as to tho symptoms of the illness of tho prisoner's wife nnd mother-in-law. Dr. Gairdnor and Dr. Paterson spoke to the visits they paid to tho deceasod ladieB, und tho proscrip tions they gavo. They minutely described the symptoms. The former thonght Mrs Pritehard was intoxicated, and forbade more stimulants. The latter said he could not banish from his mind that the symptoms betokened antimony, nnd refused to certify Mrs Pritchard's death, the case being bb sudden and mysterious, referring the registrar to Dr. Pritehard. Evidenco wns called to prove tho temporato habits of tho two ladies. Tho court then adjourned. At tho resumption of tho trial nttcn in the morn ing, on tho next day, after some formal evidenco had been given ns to articles fouml in tho prisoner's house, John Campbell, mnnnger of tho Apothecaries' Company, at Glasgow, gavo evidenco ns to tho prisoner having purehnecd nt various dutes from November, 1864, to February, 1865, tincture of aconite, tartarised nntimony, tnrtar emetic, and laudanum. On 8th February ho purchased 1 oz of tartarised nntimony, and 1 oz of tincturo of aconite. On 9th February ho purchased another onnco of the sumo poison, nnd on 11th February, 2 oz of tincture of digitalis. WitnosB novor sold an ounce of tnrtarised nntimony to a medical man before. He hnd n largo dispensing trade, aud ho was struck with tho quantity of nntimony sold to the prisoner, and alBO with tho qunntity of tincture of aconite He only sold two ounceB of tartarised antimony in a year to tho medical profession and tho public in Glasgow. Ho spoke to selling prisoner sinco No vember last thrco ounces of Fleming's tincture of aconite, and snid that ho believed nu ounce or two ounces would cover tho wholo of his other business during tweh-o months. . Tho prisoner got more chloroform from him than all his other customers put together. Ho had been a dispensing apothe cary for twenty-three years, and in all his expe rience ho had nover furnished so mnoh poison to any other medical man. John Corrio, chemist, Glasgow, spoke to selling prisoner, on 18th February laBt, two ounces solution of morphia, nnd ono ounce Fleming's tinctnro of aconite. He also sold prisoner, on 13th March last,, half nn ounce of Fleming's tinctnro of aconite, and three timus iu the month of March last quantities of solution of ntrophino. Dr. Douglas Maclngan, Dr. Littlejohn, and Dr. Gnngec, Edinburgh, und Dr. F. Fenny, Glasgow, gavo evidenco ns to tho result of tho post mortem examinations ol tho bodies of tho prisoner's wife nnd mother-in-law, and aB to tho result of tho chemical nnalyses of tho contents of tho different organs. Tho substance of thoir testimony was that thoro wore no morbid appearances in tho bodies capablo of accounting for death ; that Mrs Pritehard had taken a large quantity in tho form of tartar emetic in repeated doses, which had caused her death, and thut MrB Taylor had also taken a con siderable qunntity of antimony in a succession of doses in tho form of tartar ometic, which had caused her denth. Dr. Penny said ho had found nconite in tho bottle of Bnttloy's solution of opium, which was tnken out of Mrs Taylor's pocket after her death. Ho con cluded from his experiments that thoro wus more than 5 per cent., but loss than 10 per cent, of nconito in tlio bottle. He had made experiments with rabbits, and found that tho gonnino Bnttloy's solution did not kill them, while a mixture of genuine Battley with a small quantity of Fleming's tincturo of nconito proved fatal. Dr. Maclngan was of opinion that in tho case of Mrs Taylor tho symptons described by tho witness wero such ns aconite would huve produced. If opium, nconito and antimony had been administered at the same time, ho would have anticipated tho symptoms which Mrs Taylor exhibited. Dr. Littlejohn was of opinion, after hearing the evidence, that Mrs Pritehard died from repeated dosos of antimony administered in small quantities, nnd that Mrs Taylor might have died from a doso of antimony administered shortly before her death, or elso from somo of the sedativo narcotic poison. There was nothing to indicate apoplexy us tho causo of death. Tartar emetic could be rendily beaten with ogg flip, and n sufficient doso to keep up illness could bo given in a lump of sugnr. Dr. Paterson, of Glasgow, believed, after hearing tho evidenco, that tho doath of Mrs Taylor wub occasioned by a combination of antimony and opium ;. ho also said that if tho opium whioh Mrs Taylor took hnd upwards of 5 per cent, of Fleming's tinc turo of nconito in it, tho effect would have been much more rapid, und much more likely to bo fatal. Mr Macbrair, trustee of the late David Cowan, of Portsmouth, proved that Mrs Taylor hnd control of £3000 tinder Mr Cowan's will, and that Mrs Taylor had made n will leaving two-thirds of that sum to Mrs Pritehard, aud in the ovont of hor death to Dr. Pritehard, who was to got tho interest till his children should attain tho ago of twenty-one, and after that timo ho wns to got tho money himself. In July, 1864, Mrs Taylor had paid £500 to Dr. Pritehard. _ , . After somo formal evidence, two declarations omitted by tho prisoner were then read. In tho first, mado on the 2nd of Maroh, he said his wifo s last illness was gastric fevor, and that he gavo hor no medicino at all liimsolf, excepting wino, cham pagne, and brandy to Bupport her strength, in ordor to procure her sleep. Ho said he had given her a small quantity of chloroform, but it entirely dis agreed with her, and ho discontinued it. Ho sent for her mother to nurse her, and he ascribed his wife's deoenso to tho agitation consequent on lier mother's death. Ho said he had never given his wifo antimony but on ono occasion, in October last. Wo nnnliod it. ovtf.rnnllv to her when she had a swelling of a gland in hor hack. He gavo hiB wifo a little bottle of antimony for the purpose of rubbing in behind her ear. He nsed nntimony extensively in bis practice, and kept it in a cupboard iu his consulting room. In his second declaration, made on tho 21st of April, ho said that ho was in no way accessory to Mrs Taylor's death, that ho novor ad ministered poison to her, and that ho believed she died from paralysis and npoplexy. ThiB closed the caso for the prosecution, and tho court adjourned at half-past five until next morniBg. at ten o'clock, when tho evidence for tho dofenco was commenced. The ovidenco for tho dofonco lasted only an hour and a-half. Thoro was no attempt to rebut tho medical evidence for the Grown. Two of Dr. Pritchard's young children were called to speak of the affectionate terms of their parents, and of tho uttuchment between the prisoner and his mother in-law. The prisoner was much affected while his children were under examination. The Solicitor-General then addressed tbo jury for the prosecution, and Mr Clark addressed tho jury for the prisoner. The court then adjourned. The court met again on tho following morning, 6th July, at ten o'clock. Tho public interest in tho tiial hud greatly increased, aod tho doors of the court room were besieged by hundreds of porsoDB oagerto obtain admission to hear the judge's charge to the jury. The Lord Justice Clork, after referring to the great utrooity of tho crimes laid to the prisoner's charge, and tho singular means by whioh it was he perpetrated theBe crimes, said there were throe things of which the jury must be satisfied upon tho evidence. In tho first place, thoy must bo satisfied that the deceased died by poison ; in tho second placo, that the poison was wilfully administered for the purpose of destroying life ; and in the third' place that it was tho prisoner at tho bar who so administered it, or caused it so to be admin istered. Having gone over tho medical evidence in regard to tho first question, ho said the jnry would consider whether it was possible to resist these conclusions, first, that Mrs Pritehard died from tho action of nntimony alone,, administered in large quantities ; and, secondly, that Mrs Taylor died from tho action of antimony either alone or in combination with aconite and opium. In tho caso of Mrs Pritehard tho evidenco of tho poison having beon taken continuously for a period' of months excluded the possibility of either accident or suicide ; and, therefore, it seemed impossible to* resist the conclusion that the poison must -havo been administered by some one for tho purpose of de stroying her life. The character and conduct of Mrs Tuylor and her general condition of body and mind were such as not to suggest the idea' of suicide in her case as a possibility at all, and whether she died through the influence of antimony administered in several doscB, as the che mical reports clearly boro out, or whether her death was brought about immediately through swallowing Borne of the contents of the bottle of Battley's solu tion, it was very difficult to understand how her death was caused by accident. The jury would consider whether they could resist the conclusion that the poison by which Mrs Taylor was deprived of life was also wilfully given for the very pur pose of destroying life. Tho third question, which was one of vital interoBt in tho case, was, whether the prisoner administered, or procured to bo admin istered, to either or both of the ladies, the poison by which thoir lives were destroyed. H is lordship went [minutely into tho evidence relating, to the illness und death of the two ladies, directing the attention of tho jury to the fact, and characteri sing it as ' a very remarkable circumstance that throughout, whenever tho prisoner had occasion to explain to anybody whut ho thought was the ™''ter with his wife, he culled it gastric fevor, when all the symptoms indicated the very revcrso of her being, under fever. His lordship also pointed out to the jury that the prisoner reportod to the registrar tbat Mrs Taylor had beon under paralysis for twelve hours, which he knew was an absolute false hood ? and that the disease which inline . diately preceded death was apoplexy, while tlio modieal evidence had demonstrated that there was not a trace of apoplexy in tho case. The jury would consider whothor, in tho case of a professional man like the prisoner, ho conld nnder tho circum stances, if his wife died under tho effects of auti nionial poison, bo so far deceived as to believe she died of gastric fever. After noticing the ovidence as to tho poisoned cheese, tho egg-ilip, and the tapioca, his lordship said it appoared beyond a doubt that some one had been practising a system of poisoning, and that in tho possession of tho prisoner were the ogeuts to carry it on. If he understood tho theory of tho prisoner's counsol aright, it was that Mary M'Leod was tho person who caused those murders, and that tho jury must choose between her and tho prisoner at tho bar by balancing pro babilities ; but the prisoner's counsel did not seem sufficiently to advert to tho possibility that both might.be implicated, and if thut was so they could have very little doubt who was tho master and who set on tho other ; but he (the Lord Justico Clerk) did not desire the jury to take this theory, and ho thought it quito right that they Bhould consider upon the balance of probabilities which of the two was tho perpetrator of tho crimes. Was it, con ceivable that a girl, sixteen or seventeen years of ago, in the position of a servant maid, could have lieraelf conceived or executed such a design ? and if she had conceived it, could Bhe have executed it, subject to the vigilance of the husband of her victim, himself a medical man ? That was very hard to ieliovo iudeed. On the other hand, if the prisoner conceived and executed the design, it waB not so difficult to beliove that Mary M'Leod may have boon the perfectly unconscious and innocent instrument of enrrying out his purpose. If they were satisfied the murder was committed, tho partios who had ac cess to Mrs Pritchard only could have done it. Some of them wore plainly innocent, and in case of others the probability of guilt was reduced to two ; of these two one, or both, of them woro guilty of the deed. The jury retired to consider their verdict about twenty minutes past one o'clock, and returned in about an hour with a unanimous verdict of guilty on both charges. The Lord Justico Clork then sontoncod the pri soner to bo executed at Glasgow on tho 28th July, aud in passing sentence Baid thut tho verdict of the jury proceeded upon ovidonce which could loavo 110 reasonable doubt on the minds of thoso by whom it was considered.' The prisoner, wko had maintained great compo sure throughout the live days of the trial, seemed greatly affected when the verdict wns pronounced, and leant slightly on the policeman sitting beside him ; but whilo tho sentence was being recorded ho ?completely regained his composure, and aftor sen tence was passed upon him he bowed to tho judge, and also to tho jury, before leaving tho dock. After Dr. Pritchard's oonviction ho was removed from the bar of the Justiciary Court to tho coll below, whore he partook of tea. Immediately 011 reaching tho cell whero the refreshments were set, he snidtoone of the policemen who had charge of hitn ' I'm innocent of this charge.' This was too only remark he made. On going to take his place in the van he covered hiB face with bis hat to prevent tho large crowd through which he hnd to pass guzing upon him. On tho ensuing night, 7th July, the prisoner was very restloss, like a person in fever. He only slept about an hour. Thoro wore three warders with him all night who ongagod in religions exercises, tho prisoner joining willingly with them. He frequently asserted his innocence to thoso around him, und said ho hnd been con victed by mistake. It appears ho was so confident that the verdict would be in his favor, that on tho ?6th he stated to thoso around him that ho would immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi. On Saturday mcrning, 8th July, Dr. Pritohard was romoved from the Calton Gaol, Edinburgh, to Glasgow, under tho charge of a criminal officer and three assistants. The prisoner waB attired in tho black dreBS Buit which he bad on during the trial. Before leaving the gaol he was shackled to tho officers, and lie remained fastened in this way throughout tho journey. He appeared quite composed, and looked about him with the utmost coolness. His departure waB ?witnessed by a largo number of persons who had assembled on the platform. Tho following extracts aro from Dr. Pritchard's diary: — ' 17th February, 1805, — Died hero at 1 a.m., Mary Jane, my own beloved wife, aged 38 years ; no torment sur rounded her bodside, but, like a calm, peaceful lamb of God, passed Minnie away. May God and -Jesus, Holy Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer till mine be o'er, everlasting love; Save us, Lord, for thy dear Son.' 