IMPOUNDING NOTICES. [From tbe Government Gazette of Thursday, August 34.1 ADELAIDE (So. 1 Fublio Pound), John Hemsley, Poundkeeper— One light bay mare, saddle marks, little white in forehead, branded like W over TE conjoined near shoulder. If not claimed, will be sold September 4, 1865, at noon, by a Magistrate's order. APOINGA. Section No. 10, Hundred of Apolnga (nearest Post- Ofnce. Black Springs), Robert Parr, Poundkeeper— One red and white heifer, like R near rump ; one dun steer calf, like 1} with -C within conjoined off ramp; one black and white heifer, like D with -C within conjoined off rump ; one red and white steer calf, like D with -C within conjoined off rump ; one brindle bull calf, white back and belly, like D with -C within conjoined off rump. If not claimed, will be * sold September 4, 186S, at noon, by a Magistrate's order. BLACK FOREST, Section 92, District B (nearest Post Office, Plympton), Nathaniel Wheaton, Ponndkeeper— The bay horse, advertised on August 16, now shows brand on off shoulder like W horse shoe brand under ; and the brown horse, like 5 with — under off shoulder. If not claimed, will be sold September 11, 1865. at noon. CLARE (nearest Post-Offioe, Clare). George Reece. Poundkeeper -One roan filly, large blaze down face, branded like LOYD near neck, no other brand visible. If not claimed, will be sold September 18, 1865, at noon. DRY CREEK (Post Town, Dry Creek), George Taylor. ?oundkeeper-One black or dark brown horse, aged, illegible brand, or like ES near shoulder, rather stiff in off fore lee, in low condition, shod all round. If not claimed, will be sold September 18. 1865, at noon. GAMBIEK (Hundred of). Section 309 (nearest Post-Office, Mount Gambier), John Bennett, Poundkeeper— One red and white cow, near ear marked, like MC and a large K or d. near rump ; one red and white cow, near ear marked, like ABC near rump. If not claimed, will be sold Sep tember 11, 1865, at noon. HECTORVILLE, Section S13 (near Payneham Post Offioe), J. Abraham, Ponndkeeper— The brown filly, adver tised last week, as two years old, white face, long tail, and branded like TSA near shoulder, now shows like TH near shoulder. t. KP^« 'J^ -Hnnared of). Section 30*0, Redruth (nearest Post-Office), D. Macnamara, Poundkeeper— One bav mare, black points, saddle marked, like EW near shoulder; one bay filly, like C or G near shoulder, like DI off shoulder ; one bay mare, black points, snip, like « near shoulder, W off shoulder ; one brown mare, saddle marked, speckled back, like ? over TS over TL with H under near shonlder ; one bay yearling horse foal, star, off hind foot white, illegible brand near shoulder ; one bay yearling filly, near hind foot whitcif branded not visible ; one bay mare,short taU,near hind foot white, like V over — conjoined near shoulder, like IT off shoulder ; one blaok colt, like (JorD near sbouMer. If not claimed, will be sold September 18, 1865, at noon. : MELROSE Mount Remarkable (nearest Post-Office. Melrose), John Mooney, Ponndkeeper— One dark bay colt star, like TC or O near shoulder ; one chesnut gelding, blaze in face, like H with like J or 3 over near shoulder, four white feet ; one grey mare, like J over i-s with b3 under over D near shoulder, like T — C conjoined oft' shonlder - one bay colt, star, bind feet white, like J over ►, near shoulder ; one red and white steer, small star on forehead, about two years old, no brand visible ; one blaok or dark brown mare, shod on front feet, like K near shoulder, illegible brand off shoulder ; one brown colt foal, blaze in face, little white on hind feet, about eight months old, no brand visible. If not claimed, will be sold September 12, 1865. at noon. MILNE (Hundi-ed- of). Section 3011, north of Clare. Rudolph Piper, Poundkeeper — One brown filly, little white on near hind fetlock, branded like Z or S5 near shonlder ; one chesnut mare, long- tail, white spots under saddle, like EP over D with W under near shoulder, like f^ over W off shonlder ; one dark brown or black horse, star on fore nena, jju near Btioulder, Cvvnear rump. If not claimed wlll be sold September 18, 1865, at noon. NAIRNE (Poit-Offiee, Nairne), Samuel Spence, Pound keeper— One white heifer, about 12 months old. no brand visible. If not claimed, will be sold August 28. 1865, at noon, by a Magistrate's order. NORTH RHINE (nearest Post-Ofllce, North Bbine Mine), Charles Dansie, Poundkeeper— One light red or yel low steer, white spots on head, near ear marked, ffB con joined near rump, with Sunder; one red-sided bullock, white back, belly. legs, tall, and forehead, cock boras, both ears marked, illegible brands off ribs ; one yellow or light red yearling bull or steer, no brand visible. If not claimed will be sold September 18, 1865, at noon. PENWORTHAM, Hundred of Clare (nearest Post Office, Penwortham), John Prest, Poundkeeper.— One bay mare, white star on forehead, two white hind heels, branded like C I near shoulder; one bay mare, branded like Be near shoulder; one black cow, white belly, bell on, branded B with ~over off ribs, like TD near- ribs; one red cow, branded TD near ribs; one red and white steer, likeTD; one yellow and white cow, slit in near ear, like W off rump red and white calf by side, illegible brand near rump. If Dot claimed, will be sold September 18, 1865, at noon. POLTALLOCK, Section 957 1 (nearest Post-Office, East Wellington), Leonard Lovegrove, Poundkeeper— One small dark brown mare, tan muzzle, long tail, no brand visible, aged; one chesnut mare, star and snip, like JJ near shoulder, two white hind feet, with a foal, about nine months old, unbranded. If not claimed, will be sold Sep tember 18, 1865. at noon. RED BANKS, District of Port Gawler (nearest Post-Office, Mallala), Thomas Manuel, Poundkeeper— One red and white steer, no brands visible ; one red and white bnllock, cock horns, branded CR off ribs; one red and white poley cow, like M near shoulder; one brindle bullock, like SW near ribs, cook horns. If not claimed, will be sold September 18,-1865, at noon. SPRINGFIELD, in the Hundred of Gilbert. Section No. 1102 (nearest Post Office, Marrabel), Thomas Wm. Rollings, Poundkeeper— One yearling bull calf, rough coat, no brands visible ; one red poley cow, off ear notched. JM off rump, aged ; one red cow, near ear slit, piece cut out off ear, illegible brand off rump, like square over W near thigh, like W off ribs ; one 'red steer, off horn down, like IB near rump, near ear marked, like W off shoulder ; one red cock-horned steer, off ear marked, O in circle off rump, O in circle off shoulder ; one red and white spotted poley steer.branded like MB conjoined off rump. If not claimed, will be sold September 18. 1865. at noon. ? TWO WELLS, (nearest Post-Office, Mallala). William EL Marsh, Poundkeeper— One bay entire colt, B near shonlder; one bay or cbesnut filly, both hind feet white, white snip on nose, B near shoulder. If not claimed, will be sold September 11, 1866, at noon.— One strawberry ox. near horn off, no brand visible ; one yellow and white cow. like a off shoulder; one brown and white cow, IikeHK. conjoined off shoulder; one yellow and white heifer, like OO or O.O near rump ; one brown or black horse, W near shoulder; one chesnut horse, near fore and off hind feet white, like Q near shoulder ; one bay hone, star la face, like JD or JB near shoulder. If not elaimed, will be sold September 18, 1865, at noon. VICTORIA, near Kapnnda Mine (Post-Office, Kapunda), Richard Rowett, Poundkeeper— One red bull, white face, back, belly, legB, and tail, indistinct brand near rump; one dark red heifer, both ears snip, no brands visible : one vellow and white spotted bullock, very poor and old, like Pin circle off rump, indistinct brand near ramp. If not claimed, will be sold September 4. 1865, at noon. WALELERVTLLE (nearest Post-Office. Walkerville). Job Usher, Poundkeeper— One roan horse, about two yean old, dark mane, long tail, four black feet, white star in forehead, black muzzle, branded like JR near shoulder, like D or q near rump. If not claimed, will be sold September 18, 1865, at noon. WOODSIDE (Post-Office Woodstde), William tears. m Poundkeeper— The bay mare advertised tost week should have been bay horse, brand now appears to be off shoulder like 4, near shoulder like horseshoe over O conjoined ; the chesnut entire colt, tbe brands now are like CC over F or GG over. F ; the dark bay or brown mare, brand appears like B near shoulder; one blue or black and white heifer, no brands visible; one light red and white steer, no brands visible, off ear slit ; one red steer, both ears slit, no brands visible. If not claimed, will be sold September II, 1865. at noon. YANKALILLA (nearest Post-Office, Tankalilla), John Smith, Poundkeeper— One light brown cow. with white spots, off horn broke, branded IikerT or writing' cT near ribs, and like — over R off ribs ; one light strawberry steer, no brand visible; one red steer, wide boras, no brand visible ; one red heifer, no brand visible. If not claimed, will be sold September 16, 1866, at noon. The first soiree of the Thebarton Mutual Improve ment Society took place on Wednesday evening, August 23, at Mr. McCreek's schoolroom, wbich was tastefully decorated for the purpose. It is to be re gretted, however, that a more capacious building is not available for purposes similar to the above in the township, and it is to be hoped the residents will not long be without their ' Hall.' To have secured the services of Mr. and Miss Shakespeare, whose talent is so well known, and the able co-operation of Messrs. Gfayson. and Pickering, evidenced good judgment on the part of the Committee. The business of the evening was commenced by the Chairman, Mr. Greo. Dew, giving a short address, in which he stated that the Society consisted of 33 members, and the average attendance was 25, which, was a cause of thankfulness, seeing what a short time — three months — the Society had been started. The large attendance of friends was encouraging. When they recollected that the youth who attended Societies of this kind would become the leaders and legisla tors of our future Parliaments, it was the duty of all well-meaning persons to foster them. It was 'well known that many in the colony had not had the means of providing education for their children — perhaps not so much from the want of money as the difficulty, in a thinly-populated district, of finding schools. Institutions, therefore, of this kind had & tendency to remedy in some degree this defect. He hoped they would hare a bonding large enough to hold all those willing to help them, as he regretted to say many applications were made for admission, which conld not be granted. (Hear.) The choir then gave in capital style the ' Witches GHee,' which well meritedj the applause which followed. Master W. Newman recited the ' Common Lot' admirably, and had evidently given much attention to his subject. Mr. McCreek caused some enjoyment by his ' Ghost Story,' as also did Mr. Beasley by a reading. Mr. Grrayson's song of the ' Charge of the Light Brigade' was appreciated, and resulted in an encore, and ' Man the Lifeboat' followed, to the evident satisfaction of the audience. Recitations and readings by Messrs. Hutchinson, Newman, Fisher, Bonalds, 'and Ingham gave all present food for thought as well as laughter, and it would be unfair to particularize when all acquitted themselves so welL A solo bv Miss Shakespeare ' Mary of Argyle' was so well given that a second appearance became indispensable, and the well-known song of 'Her bright smile haunts me still' waa beautifully sung. The playing of Mr. Shakespeare upon the piano was especially a treat on this occasion. After the duet by Miss Shakespeare, and Mr: Grayson of ' The Gypsy Countess,' which met with hearty applause, various votes of thanks were given to the ladies, the choir, and tbe Committee — in pro posing one of which Mr. J. Pickering, M.P., stated that he felt honored at receiving an invitation to attend their very successful meeting. He had been a member of a Society many years ago in Coventry, where socialism was much discussed, and such was the success of the young men who were opposed to its principles that they went into many places and successfully combatted the argument nsed by its supporters. It was a privilege to be able to convey one's thoughts to another. The members of the Elocution Class had pleased and astonished him. He -wished they had a larger building, and that they may prosper in the good work. The National Anthem brought to a close one of the moBt successful meetings ever held in the township. The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were rather unexpectedly brought to a close on Thursday. There were eight cases to be disposed of to finish the calendar, and it waa not imagined that they could be got over in one day ; but through the. admirable manner in which the Crown Solicitor managed the business, and not wasting a moment* he succeeded in getting the whole of them disposed' of at the close of the afternoon. His Honor, in dis missing the Jury, mentioned to them that there had beeu 65 prisoners disposed of during the sittings. 