HOMEBUSH RACES. (Abridged ¡rom the Herald and Umpire.) IfiRST Dat.-Monday, The revival of races on the fa\orita and timo-hononred course at Homobnsh has, bo far, proved a moat complete success Not only were the promoters of the good old English sport it Homebush successful m regard to weulbor on this, tho first day of their revival meeting foritwoBo lovely day, notwithstanding the somewhat too tervid rajs ot the sun in the earlier part of the da) but their enoi gotio efforts of the hst few weeks eventu- ated in thoassombla^ooi au immense concourse of people yesterday, numb»ring from 10 000 to 12 000 persons It wiib stated by many persons yesterday, who are well acquainted with the race meetings at Homebush in pre- vious years, that snob, a hif,o number 1 ad never congre- gated on the old course before. From nn early houi in the morning, and up to I .yo or throe o'clock m the after- noon, tho excursion trams from Sydney, and those trom Parramatta, Campbelltown, do, wero thronged, while a laigo number ot other persona p itromscd the road-the good old road- and wore conveyed to tho raes course m vehicles of ahnet eveiy shape, sizo, colour, and variety. Photo was also an immense number of horsomen pi osent trom all parts of tho country within a radius of tneuty miles. There was, indeed, bnt one aco dent wo heard of, from auy source, during tho lUy, and that was from the tailing otMr iait's raleón, at the bickof thecourso whenrun ning m a prominent position for the Maiden Plate Tho jockey (Martineei) was hurled headlong to tho ground, but fortunately escaped comparatively unhurt, although the two horses immediately bobino, him jumped over him Iho nome was not so fortunate, es there was a largo pieos cut out of his stifle, and he was otherwise injured Hie course '.vus tery hard ludeed- moro like George street than a race-courso T ho iavountos wore singularly unfortunate. Sir Solomon was a hot favourite, tor the Maiden Plate, but he bad not tho ghost of a chance against Mr Coborott's Volti- geur. Tor tho Homebush Revival nothing would go down hut Mnenion, and he was booked loi level money against tho held, but he made a hollow shan ot himself by run- ning fifth, tha raoe batn¿ cleverly won by Mr. Ryan's Brisbme Roman was an equally good favoante for the Publicans' Purse, but hoie a^am tne pot boiled ovoi, and theiavouriteobtuncd naught bub the empty honour of third placo, Actoon having Mon the nee with compara- tive case. Thoro could i-carcely bo said to be any lttvounlcs for the two remaining events on the card. The sport, on the whole, was ot a high order, and the time excellent. lirbtRaco -Iho Maiden Plato of 100 sovs ,ni'ha sweep oi 3 sovs. added, io- all maiden horses (including winners ot two-veur-old stakes) at the timo ot en- trance, vtoirjittar ago, seoond horao to receive 25 eovs out of the otakoa, distance 1¿ miles. Mr 1 Cobcroft s sr o 'N oltlgeur, 3 yrs 1 George IomUj s br# Sir Solomon, lyra 3 1 Dilllau s eli K Hotspur ..) ra j Vi Towu abo Buckston», J yrs O Alulloy s h t Colleen Dawn J yrs J tait a cb g ¡balcon, Ojrs Ibis was an excellent race. On coming out of the weighing yard Su Solomon looked fretted, but in mog iiificsnt racing condition. Colleen Bann, who had many backers, looked like a nioner, but the 1 nowmg ones shook their heads and took the od Is against Sir Solomon and Huckstono At tho start Sir (solomon and Voltigeur took tho lend nee] and neck, Talcon close up, Ruckitona next, and the remaiudor of the horses close in the roar. In this position they remained until thoy reached tho back ot the course, when Hotspur drew np, and his backers began to have hopes of him , but the two leading horses kept their position to tho end of the raco, Volti- geur winning by a length and a halt, Sir Solomon second, Hotspur third lime, 2 mm 56 Bee Second Raoo.-Homebush Itewtal, of 7 o aova, with a sweep of 3 80VJ aldad, fur all horses, weight tor I age, li milos, winners at starting of any £100 pri/o 7lbs o\tra, of ¡6200 or ovor lOlba extia , the second lioiso to receive 10 sovs trom tho prize. Mr J T Jtvansgrg UrlBbane 4jrs l G lv waldron a b « liirmhifjiam ¿ yrs John luit e b " Preito igecl J A ii Gregor i>bß Gladiator of,eil 1 ii JJoylcschg Marcus ti years Geo ilar dons >,r h Albert i j cars Geo Wbito8br" Ixnllh S j cars IV Ion« si) h ifncmon 0 years T Driaoll s 1) g Nonsuch 0 years Merry s b g fei ortsiuan 1 years Onîv SB\en horses started tor this race Mnemon and Marcus were the lavontes at even a^&insu; the Hold Presto had his backeis hut the hardness of the ground was against him. The horses nero got away well to- gether, the tivotites in good places It was evident however, that Maioiiß and Muemon had faBt horses to contend against Birmingham, Presto, and Brisbane separated from the nick and took the lead. In tho end Brisbane won by about half a kngth, Birmingham second, Presto n good third Time, 2 55. Third Race-Publicans* 1 nrse of 50 so\ereigns, with a sweep of 2 sovereigns added, lor oil horses, weight for ago, once round and a distance. The winner to be Bold for £.0 J Mr GharleB Morris s b g Actreon ß yonrs (£50) 1 I J D lîrny s b g J lie "Wuard aged (it) » > Tolm Driscoll s br h Komnnce 4 years (¿CuO) j George 1 oanj: stoß Vi Ince nt,ed (i30) Meiryscbg Ilctinnu 1 latofi CyenrB(£20) A vory fast raoe Aclrcon jumped away to the lead, whioh he kept for tbo first quarter of a mile, when first place was taken hy Iho Wizard Romance made despe- rate -nuning, but it m as quite olear that the race rested between the Wizatd and Acloon , the latter being hard held "W uard made a great efiort, but was easily de- feated by Actreon, who won by a couple of lengths , Ro- mance third lime, 2 47. Tourth Kace -Hurry Scurry of 30 sovereigns, with a sweep of 1 sovereign added, for eil horses, weight forage, onoe round and a dist&nos.; The winner to he sold for £30. Mr John Dillon s ti g Uannagher, S years 1 Cormnck Smith s gr g A ictory 0 years " . loaepU ¡schofield s cb m Dolly '1 years , a George W hito s b c St Giles aged John Tait s br g Claret 4 years Merry s b g Dreadnought o years A capital race. Claret was the favourite, and was bsoked freely against the field. When Banagber made his appearance a general laugh greeted him, but to a praotised eyo he waa not a horse to be despised, as the result proved. When within two hundred yards of the distance post, he gradually gamed on the leading horses, end without the least effort passed all tho other horses _' «??«? mu.Kn.L'.??liinr^ Victory made a great dash i.t the last hundred yards, but the punishers were not sufficient to bring him in first. Iho race was run in 2min. 47 seo. Bannagher won by about a length ; Viotory second, Dolly a tolerable third. The winner was bought m for £13. Fifth Bace -Hack Baca of IO sovereigns, with a sweep of 1 sovereign added ; catch weights ; once round . the course. Winner to be Bold for £15. Thoro wera six or seven hacks for this race, which caused a good deal of Bport. The race was won by an old horse, onco known on tho turf ob Dozey. 