WAR IN AMERICA. ASSASSINATION OF THE PRESIDENT ATTEMPT TO ASSASSINATE MR. SEWARD. (FsRo, raB EVENI??G STAxeRD, APRL. ?s.) New York, April 14, Evening. Grant has removed his head-quarters to Washington. Lee has arrived at Richmond. The Confederates report that Lee's sur render was compelled by the wholesale de sertion .ofhistroops, the Virginians refusing to leave the state. The correspondent of the Associated Press states that Lee surrendered with 8,000 men. The " Tribune" states Lee's army at the time of the surrender numbered 30,000 men. There was no formal surrender. Many troops left on hearing that Lee had capitulated. The "New York Times " says that Lee, after his surrender, announced that he would exert himself to bring about a coim plete cessation of hostilities. W. H. Fitzhugh Lee has not been killed, but was captured at Selma. It is considered reliable that Sherman was to remove on the 11th from Golds borough, in 'light marching order. : . It is reported that the Federalnaval force will be immediately reduced. The "Herald " states that the French Consul at Richmond has left for Washing. ton, to submit a claim to the Government for the tobacco burnt at the former place. Mr. Adams has given notice to the British Government of the termination of the reciprocity treaty on March 17. The receipt was acknowledged on the same day. The New York State Senate has passed the New York Central Railroad Bill. NEW YoRK, APRIL 15, TzN A.rM. At half-past one this morning ,_Mr. Stanton reported as follows:- "This evening, at half past-nine, Presi dent Lincoln, while sitting. in a private box at Ford's Theatre, with Mrs. Lincoln, Mrs. Harris, and Major Rathburn, was shot by an assassin; who suddenly entered the box, and approached behind the Presi dent. The assassin then leapad upon the stage, brandishing a large knife, and es caped in the rear of the theatre. A aistol ball entered the back of the President's head, penetrating nearly through.' The wound is mortal. " The President has been insensible ever since the infliction of the wound, and is now dying. " About the same hour an assassin, whether the same or not is as yet unknown, entered Mr. Seward's apartments under pretence of pressing business: He was shown into Mr. Seward's sick chamber, when the assassin immediately" rushed to 1 the bed, and inflicted two or three stabs on the throat, and twa on the tace. It is hoped that the wounds may not prove mortal; it is apprehended, however, that they will. The nurse alarmed Frederick Seward, who was in the adjoining room, and he hastened to the door of his father's chamber, when ha .met the assassin, who inflicted upon him one or more dangerous wounds. - "Frederick Seward'a recovery is doubt-. ful r "It is not probable that the President t will live through the night. " General Grant and his . wife were ad vertised to be at the theatre this evening, but they had started for Burlington. "At the meeting of the Cabinet, at which Grant was present, the subject of a the state of the country and the prospect i of a speedy peace was discussed. The President was very cheerful and hopeful, I and spoke very kindly of Lee and others of the Confederacy, and of the establishment I of the Government in Virginia. All the I members of the Cabinet, except Mr Seward,. v are now in attendance on the President. I a have seen Seward. He and Frederick n were both unconscious." . I At four o'clock in the morning Secretary t Stanton further reported. that President - Lincoln continues insensible, and is sinking. r Seward rermains without change, and his son's skull is fractured in two places. ii besides a severe wound upon his head. V The President is still alive, but in a hopeless condition. Major Seward's wound E is not dangerous. I It is now ascertained with reasonable 5 certainty that two assassins were engaged a in the horrible crime, Wilkes Booth being r the one who shot the President, the nanme d of his companion being unknown. His t description, however, is so clear that he v can hardly escape apprehension. From aa letter found in Booth's trunk it appears that the murder was plannedl before the c 4th of March, but fell through then I because the accomplice backed out until Richmond could be heard from. 1 Booth and his accomplc: were at a livery stables at six p.m., andt left their horses t about ten p.m., or shortly before that hour. ii It would seem they had for several days 5 been seeking their opportunity; but, for some unknown reason, the deed was not 1 carried out until last night. One of them has evidently made his way to Baltimore; the other has not yet been traced. Stanton reports at eight a.m. that Presi- t dent Lincoln died at twenty-eight minutes I to eight a.m. SURRENDER OF GENERAL LEE. The American mail which reached Great Britain on the morning of the 23rd a April announced wham t may be deemed the s termin;ation of the great civil war. Gene ral Lee with his whole force, estimated -t 25,000 men, surrenuler'ed to General Grant on the 9th April. The two genuerals had been in communication from the 7th r as to the terms of surrender. Grant pointed out that nothing but surrender vwas left. Lee, while not agreeing with this, thought it best to stop further effusion of blood, and asked for terms. The terms granted were generous. All o~fficers and men were to go free on parole, t not totakearms ag;ain until duly exchanged. The officers were to keep their side arms I and luggage. but all public property and g munitions of war were to be handed over I to the Federal authorities. Lee at once accepted the terms, and his army is dis- v banded, Secretary Stanton had ordered c asalute of 0?0 guns to be fired from every arsenal fort, and military headquarters in the Federal States in celebration of the event. The thanks of the government were telegraphed to General Grant and salutes of guns were ired. General Grant visited Washington. and stated that Gene ral Lee had obtained permission to visit Weldon. Brother Ignatius is engaged in serious difficulties with his third order. Some have resigned, and others do not please him, so that the order is in rather a bad ,way. The Feast of Sc. Benedict has been celebrated with great pomp in the monas tery. The" Mother Abbess,"thecelebrated Miss Sellon, assisted at the service in her full robes as an abbess, an acolyte bearing" her handsome pastoral staff.-On Good Friday morning Brother Ignatius and the brethren of the English Order of St. Bene dict made special efforts to celebrate the day according to their peculiar views. The chapel was hung with black, and all light was carefully excluded, although two large candles -glimmered gloomily before the altar. After a few seconds, however, it was apparent that a procession was ad vancingat a snail's pace through the gloom, and threading its way carefully through a rather numerous and closely-packed con gregation, principally of the poorer class. The rich baritone voice of Brother Ignatius could soon be detected in the hymn which the procession was singing. When the procession reached the altar a few more candles were lit, and it was then possible. to observe that Brother Ignatius wore a cloth of gold vestment on his back, while his head was covered with the cowl of the order. Among the novelties introduced into the ceremonial on this occasion was the following :-At the words in the gospel, " It is finished,"_ and ' He bowed His head and gate up the ghost," an at tempt was made to portray the lightning and thunder which the Scripture narratives (thus the repot ter) record to have attended the real event. The thunder was--more successful than the lightning, wh:ch may be said indeed to have been a mere flash in the pan; some of the kitchen utensils would seem, from the nature of the sound evolved, to have been concerned behind the scenes in the 'production'of the thunder. As this extraordinary scene-or rather attempt at a scene-Brother Ignatius, Mrr. Ouseley, all the monks, and most of the congregation, prostrated.themselves for a few seconds. .. A fund is being raised for the explora tion of the - Holy Land for the express a object of biblical illustration. Some dis tinguished divines and laymen, both of U strict and liberal sentiments, have joined the movement.: Earl Cowper has proceeded to Copen- f hagen,. to invest the King of Denmark with the Order of the Garter. The Earl of Sefton proceeded also on the same day, in the Edgar, from Portsmouth to Lisbon, to invest the King of Portugal in -like manner. a u 