THE GLASGOW MURDERS.— THE TRIAL AND CONFESSION OF DR. PRITCHARD. At ten o'clock on Monday morning, July 3rd, the trial of Dr. Pritchurd, on the charge of murder ing his wife and mother-in-law in Glasgow, com menced in the High Court of Justiciary of Edin- burgh, before the Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Ard- millan, and Lord Jerviswoode. The court-room was crowded, and many were disappointed in ob taining admission. The indictment charged the prisoner with administering tartarised antimony, aconite, and opium to his mother-in-law, Jane Cowper Taylor, in tapioca and in porter or beer, and in a medicine called Battley's sedative solu tion, between the lQcli and 25th of February, 1865 ; and it also charged him with adminis tering on repeated occasions in February and March, 1865, tartarised antimony and aconite to his wife, Mary Jane Taylor Pritchard, in articles of food and of medicine. The prisoner entered the dock at ten o'clock precisely, dressed in deep mourning. He was calm and self-possessed, and looked cooly round the court when he had taken his seat. He is a stout, well- built man, prepossessing in appear ance, and with sharply-defined features. He wears his hair long, and has a large bushy beard, hut no moustache. The prisoner's brother, Charles Augustas Pritchard, secretary to the naval commander-in-chief, Plymouth, by permis sion of the court took his seat beside him in the dock, and remained with him all day. The pro secution was conducted, in the absence of the Lord Advocate in London, by the Solicitor- Gen eral, assisted by Mr. Gifford and Mr. Crichton, advocate's depute ; the defence was conducted by Mr. A. R. Clarke, Mr. William Watson, and Mr. David Brand, advocates. The prisoner's counsel moved the court to separate the two charges ol murder, on the ground that it embarrassed the defence to try the two crimes together. The court unanimously refused the request. The pii- soner was then called upon to plead to the in- dictmeut, and in a clear distinct voice he pleaded "Not guilty," and a jury having been empan- nelled, the evidence for the prosecution com menced about half-past eleven o'clock. The re mainder of the day was occupied by the exami nation of five witnesses, three of whom were merely formal, and occupied only a few minutes. The two important witnesses were Catherine Latimer and Mary M'Leod. The-jury.retired to consider their verdict about twenty minutes past one o'clock, and returned in about an hour with an uuanimous verdict of " Guilty " on both charges. The Lord Justice Clerk then sentenced the prisoner to be executed at Glasgow on the 28th July, aud in passing sentence said that the" ver-" diet of the jury proceeded upon evidence which could leave no reasonable doubt in the minds of those by whom it was considered. The prisoner, who had maintained great com posure throughout the five days ol the trial, seem ed greatly effected when the verdict was pro nounced, and leant slightly on the policeman sitting beside him, but while the sentence was being recorded he completely regained his com posure, and after sentence was passed upoD him he bowed to the judge, and also to the jury, be fore leaving the dock. After Dr. Pritchard's conviction he was re moved from the Justiciary Court to the cell be low, where he partook of tea. Immediately on reaching the cell where the refreshments were set, he said to one of the policemen who had charge of hiin, " I'm innoceut of this charge." This was the only remark he made. On going to take his place iu the van, he covered his face with his hat, to prevent the large crowd through which he hud to pass gazing on him. On the ensuing night, July 7, the prisoner was very restless, like a person iu a fever. He only slept about an hour. There were three warders with liira all night who engaged in religious exercises, the pri soner willingly joining with them. He fre quently asserted Lia innocence to those around him. and said he had been convicted by mistake. It appears b,e was so confident that the verdict would be in his favour, that on the 6th he stated to those around him that he would immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy to join Gari baldi. Ou Saturday morning, July 8th, Dr. Pritchard was removed from the Caltou gaol, Edinburgh, to Glasgow, under the charge of a criminal officer and three assistants. The pri soner was attired in the black dress suit he had on during the trial. Before leaving the gaol he was shackled to the officers, and he remained fastened this way throughout the journey. He -appeared quite composed, and looked about him with the utmost coolness. His departure was witnessed by a large number of persons who had assembled on the platform. The following ex- tracts are from Dr. Pritchard's diary: — 17th February, 1865. — Died here at 1 a.m., Mary Jane, my own beloved wife, aged thirty-eight years : no torment surrounded lier bedside, but iike a calm, peaceful lamb of God, passed nlinuie away. May God aud Jesus, Holy Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer till uiiue be o'er, everlasting love. Save us, Lord, for thy dear Son." confession of dr. pritchard. The convict shortly after made a written con fession of the murder of his wife. The prisoner confessed his guilt to Mr. Oldham, Episcopalian clergyman, in a private manner, but Mr. Oldham requested that Pritchard should write the con fession, and he did so. The confession states that Mary M'Leod, the servant girl, was aware that he was poisoning his wife, and that on the evening of his wife'b death, when he administered a dose of chloroform, M'Leod was present. Pri soner gives as a motive for poisoning his wife, his improper intimacy with M'Leod ; and denies that lie poisoned his mother-in-law, Mrs. Taylor, who, he says, died from an overdose of Battley's solution. He confessed to having drugged the solution found in her pocket alter death, but duiiies that it was poisoned before she expired. It is said that when his brother, sister, and daughter were present with him the day previous .to Dis confession, the latter had kneeled in the .cell, and prayed him, if he had poisoned her lnaiiimu, to confess, and it is alleged that he then acknowledged his guilt. The following is a jcopy of the confession : — 1, Edward William Pritchard, M.D.,M.R.C.S.E., aud"'L.A.S., &c.;, hereby make iu writing, iu the preseuce of the Rcy. it. S. Oldham, M.A., the following confession, for transmission by him to the proper authorities : — " It waB wben-my wife , wus at Ardentinny, in the summer of 1868, that I first became intimate with the girl Mary M'Leod, sleeping with her in my house at 22, Ituyul-cresceut. This continued ut intervals up to the time of our removal to 131, Sauchiehall- street. She became preguant iu May last year"), jaud with. her own consent 1 produced a miscar- tinge. I have reason to believe that Mrs. Prit chard was quite aware of this, aud rather sought lo cover my wickeduess and folly. My mother- iu-law, Mrs. Taylor, came last February to our house, and caught Mary M'Leod aud myself in the cousulting-room ; and the day before her death, having apparently watched us, she said to me, in the same room, ' You have locked her into the cupboard,' which was true, hut nothing more passed. I declare Mrs. Taylor to have died in the manner I have stated, and I now believe her death to have been caused by an overdose of Battley's solution of opium. The aconite found in that bottle was put in by me after her death, and designedly left there in order to prove death by misadventure in case any inquiry should take place. Mrs. Piitchard was much better immediately after her mother's death, but subsequently became exhausted from want of sleep. I accounted for this by the shock produced by her mother's death, and hardly knowing how to act, at her own earnest request 1 gave her chloroform. It was about midnight, Mary M'Leod was in the room, and in an evil moment being beMdes somewhat excited by whiskey) I yielded to the temptation to give her sufficient to cause her death, which I did. I therefore declare before God, as a dying man, and in the presence of my spiritual adviser, that I am innocent of the crime of murder, so far as Mrs. Taylor is concerned, but acknowledge myself guilty of the adultery with'Mary M'Leod and the murder of my wife. I feel now as though I hud been living in a species of madness since my connection with Mury M'Leod, aud I declare my solemn repentance of my crime, earnestly pray ing that I may obtain Divine forgiveness before I suffer the penalty of the law. — Edward William Pritchard." Witnesses — John Stirling, governor; R. S. Oldham, and John Mutrie. North Prison, Glas- ' gow, July 11, 1865. 'After the publication of the above confession, the convict was visited by the Rev. Dr. Norman Macleod, the Rev. Dr. Miller, the Rev. Mr. Reid, Episcopalian clergyman, and the prison chaplain. It is said that after the prisoner had remarked to one of his spiritual advisers that his confession was true, he was told that not a word of it was beiieved out of doors, and that he — the minister himself — was of the same opinion. The prisoner, it is alleged, then lay hack, and looking calmly towards the ceiling of his cell, expressed himself to the effect that he had often wondered why Christ, while on earth, had experienced sucli difficulty in dealing with unbelievers; but. that, after the minister's remark he wus not now sur prised. On another occasion it is said that the convict began railing at his trial, and finding fault with the judge and his leading counsel, who, lie said, he believed was in league with the Crown authorities. Ou being reminded tliut a person iu his position should not give vent to such expres sions, he made a remark to the effect that he could asceud the scaffold with a smile upon his face. — — ______ Some days afterwards, however, whether in fluenced by what his spiritual adviser had told him respecting the universal disbelief in his state ment, or actuated by his own feelings, the con vict. made another confession, withdrawing the former one. Here it is full : — " Confession by Edward William Pritchard, and made in the presence of an All-seeing God, and of the BeY. T. Watson Reid, ray present spiritual adviser, on the 19th day of July, 1865, at Glasgow prison, for communication to the proper authorities. I, Edward William Pritchard, iu the full possession of all my senses, and un derstanding the awful position in which I am placed, do make free and open confession that the sentence pronounced upon me is just; that I am guilty of the death of my mother-in-law, Mrs. Taylor, and of my wife, Mary Jane Pritchard ; that I can assign no motive for the conduct which actuated me beyond a species of terrible madness and the use of ardent spirits. I hereby freely and fully state that the confession made to the Rev. R. S. Oldham on the 11th day of this month was not true, aud I hereby confess that I alone, and Mary M'Leod, poisoned my wife in the way brought out in evidence at my trial ; that Mrs. Taylor's death was caused according to the word ing of the indictment I further state to be true ; and the main facts brought out on my trial I hereby fully acknowledge, and now plead wholly and solely guilty thereto, and may God have mercy on my soul ! I pray earnestly for repent ance not to he repented of and for forgiveness from Almighty God, through the intercession of our blessed Redeemer, Mediator, and Advocate, Jesus Christ the Lord and Saviour. Fellow creatures, pray for me, and let ine add I am in charity with all men. I have now to record my humble thanks to all who have taken part iu any way for my interest. First to their lordships the judges for their great patience, forbearance, and careful consideration of my case, and to the gen tlemen of the jury ; to all the officials ; I cannot help mentioning to the clerk of the High Court of Justiciary, the Governor (Mr. Smith) ot the Ediuburgh Gaol, the chaplain, Rev. Mr. Russell, Head-Warder Nelson, Warders John Livingstone and Mackintosh ; the Governor of Glasgow Prison, Mr. Stirling ; Mr. Armour, head- warder ; chaplain, Mr. Doran ; his assistants, Messrs- Hogg and Troup; Warders Mutrie, Thompson, &c.; ; to Drs. Leishuian and Dewar, surgeons to Glasgow prison ; and Dr. Simpson, of Edinburgh gaol. To the non- officials my heartfelt thanks are specially due ; to the Rev. Dr. Miller, of Free St. Matthew's, Glasgow, and to other ministers who have written me, hot adding their names ; to Dr. Norman Macleod, may God bless him ; and to myown immediate faith-professors, Rev. R. S. Oldham and Rev. T. Watson Reid; to the police authorities — Superintendent M'Call and police at the central office, Glasgow ; to sergeant Stewart, of the Edinburgh police force ; and the sheriff's officers Wilson, of Glasgow, and Ferguson, of Ediuburgh ; and to many others whose courtesy aud kiudness I cannot forget ; above all to Sir Archibald Alison, sheriff, &c.;, for his humane, gentle treatment while undergoing his legal duties. May each and all accept the thanks of a dearly peniteilt sinner, and muy Heaven be their reward, is the last prayer of Edward William Pritchard." There is also connected with Dr. Pritchard an other case on which perhaps, he may be able to throw some light : some three or four years ago a female servant iu his employ was found burned to death in his house. She wus found lying on her back on the bed, with, the lower part of her per son much burued, aud the door wus locked, but the key could not be discovered. At the time the case excited grave suspicion that she did uot come by her death fairly, aud it seemed almost incredible that a woman who >vas burnt to death should be found lying ou her back. She nuturujly would have endeavoured to save herself, and the inference drawn from the odd circumstances was that the uufortuaate young woniau wus already dead before the bed took or Was set on fire. In refereuce to this circumstance, a Glasgow journal observes : — Some facts have come to our knowledge con nected with the mysterious burning of the ser vant in his house in Berkeley-terrace, calculated to throw a deeper shade of suspicion over the occurrence than anything iu the account of it contained in the narrative of the calamity. It is quite true that the door of tho room where the sprvuut was sleeping was locked, bat it was not quite so certain that it was locked from the in- side. The key was not in the lock, but was found by Dr. Pritchard in a room full of smoke, lying on the bed where the servant lay charred and lifeless. Nobody saw the key until it was in the doctor's hand, and how lie could have so readily found it in so unlikely a place, amidst the dense and almost suffocating smoke, remains a mystery that we fear, points only to one solution. On another matter — viz., the motive for the Rouble nmrder of which lie has been fonnd gUilty--con- siilerublc light is thrown by his relations with a wealthy heiress in Glasgow. The young lady in question hud some £14,000 iu her own right. Dr. Piitchard was on visiting and generally pretty familiar terras with tho heiress, upon whom, simple and unsuspecting to a degree, no b!ara» rests. Aware of her resources, the doctor sought a loau of some money. Before giving it, the young lady consulted a friend, who advised that the money should not be given. The advice was acted upon, and the refusal broke up the corres pondence. The hiatus in the intercourse thus created rendered it impossible for the prosecution to introduce this episode into the trial ; but, hud matters all gone right, it is easy to perceive what light it would have shed upon the one point in the case on which no light fell in court, and no light has yet fulleu in his confession. Dr. Patterson, of Glasgow, has addressed a long letter to the Glasqow Herald , in vindication of his conduct in not having communicated to anybody his suspicion that Mrs Pritchard was being poisoned — " Suppose," he says, " that I had been such an obvious fool as to have acted in the manner sug gested by the learned counsel fnr the prisoner, and also by the Lord Justice Clerk, I would have keen a rash and bold man indeed,' as sensibly ob served by the Solicitor-General. Had I denounc ed Pritchard to his face, or stated my suspicions to Mrs. Pritchard, or gone to the criminal autho rities ami informed them of my suspicions, what, Islnnild like to know, Would have been my posi tion ? Pritchard could have brought forward no less than three medical friends, all Ediuburgh graduates, viz., Professor Gairclner, and Drs. Cowan and Taylor, not one of whom suspected Mrs. Pritchard was being poisoned by antimony ! Would the diagnosis of a Glasgow graduate have been believed for one moment when opposed by such a galaxy of professional talent ami expe rience in consultation ? Ami this, too, at a time when there could be no post mortem examination nor chemical analysis to bear me out in the cor rectness of my opinion. The immediate conse quences would have been most assuredly an action for heavy and ruinous damages. It is all very fine for Mr. Clark to chaff me with being afraid l)fmy pmson—(HeavcfrkTro\vsmy"purse"'is— light" enougli !) when he well knew that he was pur posely and designedly misleading the public and the press by subtly making it appear that it was Mrs. Piitchard's death certificate that I had re fused to give, and ut the same time totally ignor ing the fact that it was Mrs. Taylor's, who died three weeks before her daughter, and also wilfully ignoring the fact of my letter to the registrar, in which letter I did all that should have been re quired for the purpose of saving Mrs. Pritchard's life had the registrar done his duty. Even us "it was, after Pritchard's apprehension, but before the analysie was known, the relatives characteris ed me as a villian, and vowed they would have me banished ; and some portion even of the Glasgow press held me forth us a moral coward, a stabber in the dark, and the whole matter was regarded as a cruel piece of malignant professioual jealousy," The convict keeps calm and composed spend ing the whole day; in reading the few books sup plied out of the prison library, eating well and sleeping soundly. An application has already been received from a person ambitious of officiating on the morning of the execution. The rival to Cal- cruft, although quite uuknown on the platform of the British gakows, states that lie qualified him self for the tusk iu a short but arduous appren ticeship during the mutiny in India, where lie made his first essay amongst the rebel Bepoys. The authorities, it is stated, have agreed to em ploy Culcraft. The following account of the criminal will probably he read with some interest : — Edward William Pritchard is the son of Mr. John White Pritchard, a captain iu the Royal navy, and was born iu 1852 at Southsea, Hunts. After going through the usuul preliminary educa tion, he was apprenticed in September, 1840, to Messrs. Edward John and Charles Henry Scott, surgeons of considerable practice in Portsmouth. During his apprenticeship he is stated to have assiduously studied the elementary branches of his profession aud conducted himself with great propriety. On the completion of his apprentice ship, he came to London, and entered on bis hospital studies at King's College, in October, 1843 ; these, also, he prosecuted with great zeal, and his friends being desirous that he should enter the naval service of his country, he memorialised the authorities at the College of Surgeons to be allowed to offer himself for examination at an earlier period than was at that time allowed ; his application having been granted, he appeared be fore the Court of Examiners, on the 20th of May, 1846, and, after the usual examination, was ad mitted a member of the college, lie then under went nn examination before the Navy board, aud was duly gazetted an assistant-surgeon in her Majesty's navy, aud has several relatives in the combatant brunch of that service. Those who know what tho position of the medical officer in the royal navy was at that time, aud whicii is not much improved at the present time, will not he surprised that a highly educated and accom plished surgeou should endeavour to emancipate iiimself from such thraldom. He therefore em braced the first opportunity, and resigned all con nection with the royal navy, and determined on seeking private practice. Finding it wus neces sary to possess a double qualification, he pre- sealed himself before the Society of Apothecaries, and having passed the examination was admitted a licentiate ou the hull. He hud previously ob tained (it is believed by purchase) the " M.D." of Erluugeu. He then proceeded to Glasgow, where he practised with great success, until his appre- heusiou for a crime, secondly only iu atrocity to that of the notorious William Balmer. While waitiug for practice he sought amusement aud profit in the use of his pen, and became a labo rious contributor to the advaucemeut ol general and medical science ; many of his papers are dis tributed through the pages of the Medical Times and Gazette, and the Lancet, the Trausaetious of the Pharmaceutical, Obstetrical, aud King's College Medical Societies. He wus the author of a " Visit to Pitcuiru Island," " Observations1 ou Filey us a Watering Place," " The Guide to Filey and its Antiquities," " Coast Lodgings for the Poor of Cities," &c.; Dr. Put. hard wus a fellow aud member of nearly twenty learned societies and iuslituiiuus iu the United Kingdom, aud medical officer to several life assuruuee offices, la personal appearance the convict is a tall, slightly-built man, about five feet ten inchea or eleven inches in height, with sharp poiuted fea- tures, aquiline nose, and doeB not appear older than the age stated — viz., forty-one years. 