THE ROMANCE OF SPECULATION. (From the Money Market Rcrictc, March 11). Tee story of the origin of the ' Aberaman Ironworks Company,' as recently told in the Court of Queen's Bench, besides being curious and interesting, is full of suggestive information for the public at large. Be fore we come to the action of this drama, we suppose we must introduce and describe the dramatis person.ee. The Aberaman estate and ironworks, in the north of 'Wales, were the property of Mr. Crawshay Bailey, M.P., for Monmouth. Mr. 'Wickens is a solicitor, ^jruLUbJIlg 111 I.UKvllliOUsL'*^-iXU) nlUL II KvCll Cj v IU speculative investments elsewhere; Mr. Folch, a ' private gentleman,' with ail itching for public com panies and promotion-money ; Captain Antrobu6 was formerly an officer in tbe 2nd Dragoons, then a coal and mine proprietor in Yorkshire, and is now a finan cial agent. Air. Hugison, according to Captain An trobus, was formerly an attorney at Edinburgh, hut, according to his own account of himself, he ' has been a financial commission agent for the last twenty vears.' In 1845 hehadoffices in Edinburgh. In 1862 lie came to ' Loudon and became an attorney's clerk, at three guineas a week.' He modestly denied having been engaged as a 'detective' in the in famous case of Mr. and Mrs. 'Windham, but he admitted that he was employed for seven months in going to the Haymarket night after night to watch Airs. Windham, and give instructions to the detective engaged in the case. — In answer to the Lord Chief Justice, he said he went to the Haymarket to watch Mrs. Windham's cross proceedings, and to protectMr. Windham against them — that is, as he nirther ex plained, to prevent Air. Windham condoning his wife's offences ' by keeping him away from his wife.' The reader might suppose that this was not a vocation favourable to the financial genius and ability of an experienced financial agent, but he would be mis taken if he did. One part of his employment was to 'treat the ladies at Barnes's, when he went to the Haymarket of a night— ladies who were useful to Air. Windham for giving information as to the whereabouts of his wife' — and this, no dobt, involved considerable expenditure, and numerous, if not very extensive, 'financial operations.' To complete Air. Hughson's story, we may as well add that he was under the lamentable necessity of suing Ab. Windham for the £400) expenses he had been put to in this honourable vocation ; that he lost his action ; that he ought to have paid the costs, but did not, snd took the benefit of tbe Bankruptcy Act instead; and, finally, that 'there was no dividend' — the lawyers (ah, those rascally lawyers!) had it all, and Ab. Hughson ' afterwards started afresh.' Such being the chief actors in this speculative drama, let us now glance at the parts they respectively played in it. Ab. Crawshay Bailey agrees to sell his estate and ironworks to Mr. Wickens, and Ab. Wickens agrees to purchase them for £250,000. We are not to suppose that Ab. Wickens intended to abandon the law, and become a great landowner and ironmaster in South Wales, or that he intended to in vest so large a portion of his own funds in this pur chase, for it does not appear that Ab. Wickens contem plated any such thing. Hispurposewastobuvthepro perty from Ab. Bailey for £250,000, and to sell it again to a joint stock company for £350,000, which would leave him the rather handsome profit of £100,000 for hiB trouble and expenses in the little affair. This, if it could only be accomplished, would certainly be an improvement upon the routine practice of theattorney's offi ce and infinitely better than the slow accumulations of six-and-eight-penees andthrce-and-fourpencesfrom ordinary clients, however numerous or litigious they might be. In order that it might be accomplished, Mr. Wickens associated himself with Ab. Folch, the ' private gentleman,' and they mutually agreed to become the joint promoters of the intended joint-stock company, and joint participators in the profits to be made out of it. But first and foremoBt, there -was a deposit of £10,000 to be paid to Mr. Bailey, and as neither Mr. Wickens nor lb. Folch had available re sources equal to that demand; . it must be ' raised somehow. That required a ' financial operation,' and financial operations necessarily require financial agents, and forthwith Messrs. AntrobuB and Hughson stepped upon the scene. Mr. Folch had known Cap tain Antrobus five or Bix years as a person engaged in financial transactions, and meeting tbe captain in the city, explained to him what they required. They had already been trying, through some third party, to get the £10,000 for the depotit from Messrs. Barclay and Co., but this third party, whose modest name did not transpire, wanted £75,000 out of the £100,000 profit, as his remuneration ior getting the £10,000, and to leave the remaining £25,000 only for Alessrs. Wickens and Folch. This the latter' gentlemen evidently thought unreasonable ; and perhaps it was rather so. Even the Lord Chief Justice, who in his day has seen some practice, and had no little experience in such matters, could not help exclaiming that ' these revelations were really startling.' Mr. Folch explained that they were willing to give £5000 for the advance of the £10,000 for six months; 'but,'6aid the captain, 'I said it was not sufficient, and that £10,000 at least would be required for the advance.' ' That,' said the Chief Justice, ' would be 100 per cent.' 'That,' said Air. Hawkins, 'would be 200 per cent., for it was 100 per cent, for six months.' But Mr. Folch, nevertheless, agreed to pay that amount. Besides this deposit, however, there was another financial .operation to be achieved. The promoters were anxious that the company should come out with 10,000 shares already taken up ; 'because,' said Captain Antrobus, 'it would naturally look better before the phblic with 10,000 shares taken up.' Air. Folch thought ' they could do 2000 shares if Captain AntrobuB could do the rest,' and this the captain thought he could do. And now we come to another important actor in the drama. Captain Antrobus mentioned the matter to his intimate friend, Ab. Hughson, and Mr. Hugh son shortly afterwards introduced him to his friend, Mr. Logan, the manager of the London Bank of Scotland. Air. Logan seems to have stipulated that, if his bank advanced the money, they should have the account of the company, and that tliree of the directors of the bank should be placed on the direction of the company, and for this honourable distinction he selected Mr. Cargill, AI.P., Sh D. Hav. M.l\, and Mr. Collins. Upon this understanding, although there was a gooJ deal of ' off and on negotiation,' the bank appears to have arranged to advance the whole or part of the £10,000 for deposit, and of the £8000 for the 8000 shares, for which they were to re ceive £8000 bonus. And Ab. Folch at last appears to have agreed that Antrobus and Hughson. should have two sums of £6000 each for procuring somebody to advance the £10,000 and the £8000. But in the meantime Ab. Logan had ascertained the amount the promoters were to make by these transactions, and he then found that a bonus of £8000 was not enough for the advancegof £8000 on the shares, and -wanted £16,000 for making that advance ! At the mention of these astounding facts and figures the judicial wig of the Lord Chief Justice was seen to be slowly- rising above hi6 judicial head, and his lordship was con strained to explain this remarkable phenomenon by gravely telling the court that 'these revelations actually make one's hair stand on end ;' on. which the learned counsel, feeling his own horse-hair rising, gravely Teplied, 'Indeed they do, my lord.' But even this' was not the end of Mr. Logan's in satiable demands, for on the 16th June he wrote a letter stating that a 'larger bonus than £ 10,000 would be required for the advance of the £10,000 than merely double that amount, but that the £16,000 could be settled as arranged.' Mr. Wickens appears to have been party and privy to these arrangements with the London Bank of Scotland, but to have sedulously avoided any contact or intercourse with Messrs. Antrobus and Hughson, which might have committed him to the arrangements made with them by his eo- promoter, Mr. Folch. What th.e bank ultimately advanced in these transactions, and what they made by their advances, we do not know, and do not care to inquire. At the last moment it seems the bank declined doing anything, but Air. Wilkinson, tieir solicitor, at the same moment came forward and did everything that was necessary. Messrs. Wickens and Folch repudiated their engage ments to Alessrs. Antrobus and Hughson, and. there fore Messrs. Antrobus and Hughson jointly sued Messrs. Wickens and Folch for the recovery of the two sums of £5000 each, which they had agreed to pay them. All the agreement they could prove, however, was with Ab. Folcli alone, and did not include Ab. Wickens, and they could not prove that the arrange ment they had made with the London Bank of Scot land had been carried out, for it seems to have been carried out through their solicitor, Ab. Wilkinson. The jury found that the agreements alleged had been made, but not with both parties, and so the plaintififs lost their action, and the other parties ' got off.' During the whole of the 6iege of Sebastopol (says the Kicotaicf Messenger), the dead were interred upon the spot where they fell. The result was a number of Email cemeteries and separate tombs, which sur rounded Sebastopol. Upon Laving the Crimea the allies entrusted to ns the onerous and difficult task of guarding the inviolability of these tombs. The Russian authorities did what they could, but it was utterly impossible to place a sentinel over eaeh tomb. By degrees the former owners returned te their lands with their cattle. Some of the cemetery walk were defaced, monuments broken, crosses overthrown. Complaints, correspondence, negotiations between tbe Governments interested followed. The English pro posed to send to the Crimea an entire company of soldiers to watch the tombs — it would have amounted to the foundation of an English colony in the Crimea. Naturally enough our Government could not accept such a proposal. The French acted much better ; they sent an engineer to Sebastopol with orders to form one' large cemetery, to which the mortal remains of their fellow- countrymen who died during the siege were afterwards to be transferred. AI. Braker, a land owner in the neighbourhood, whose property is situated at about three miles from Sebastopol, gave a piece of ground for this purpose, which has been surrounded by a wall. In this enclosure eighteen large tombs are being built, one of which is in the middle. All the'se tombs are built upon arches, forming catacombs, in which the bones of the soldiers will be placed, arranged by regiments. Above each regiment the officers of those regiments, np to the rank of colonels inclusive, will be placed in separate compart ments. The generate, to the number of ten, will be placed in the tomb in the middle of the cemetery. Ail these tombs and the catacombs will be always open, and inscriptions cut in tablets of marble will designate by name each officer's place. A house has been built for the keeper, a Frenchman, and for the attendants. The construction of this cemetery is nearly finished. There is nothing more to do than to transfer th.e bones from the old tombs, and this is now being done. It is said that the English are about to follow the example of the French. If such is tire case, we shall be re lieved of a heavy duty, and tire whole of th.at vast field of death which surrounds Sebastopol will be covered, as of old, with vineyards and gardens. Dyeing a AIan blue. — A' 'Vienna journal relates a droll story. A young man who was paying assiduous court to the wife of a dyer, had the misfortune to be ?caught by the enraged husband, who called his work men about him, and, without any ceremony, the gallant so gay was plunged into a cauldron prepared for imparting a true blue colour to various fabrics. In a second, the unfortunate youth had acquired such a tint that he dares not appear in public. TTig friends implored the dyer to restore the poor fellow to his natural hue; but the pitiless answer was, 'It is im possible. He is of a beautiful colour, and all E can do for him is to change him into a green or violet.' Ehrhaudt's Safety Gunpowder. — Having pro mised our readers a full account of this most interest ing discovery, we think we cannot do better Hum give a short resume of what we have already stated, bring ing forward facts which cannot fail to prove its value to the public. Thepowder, of which there are different qualities, is invariably composed of two distinct com pounds, each separately inexplosive, and therefore might be stowed in any quantities without possibility of danger, but when mixed they form a powder pos sessing more than double the efficiency of the best ordinary gunpowder. Large quantities may be mixed in a few minutes, and when kept loose will when ignited deflagrate but not explode. The process of manufacturing this powder is free from the dangers inherent to the present system of gunpowder mills. A long series of experiments have been carried on during the last six months in several mines and quarries which have proved its superiority over the blasting powder now in use. 'We have received numerous testimonials from the several agents and captains of the '- Devon Great Consols,' 'Wheal Friendship/' 'South and East Telgus,' ' Condurow,' and other mines, Free man ana Cheesewririg Granite Companies and Camsew Quarries, the Falmouth Docks, and many other places, and all agree that this powder is in every respect superior for blasting purposes to the ordinary powder. Regarding a number of trials that have been made with. thi« powder at Portsmouth, in the presence of eminent naval and military officers, -we extract the following from a letter to the inventor from an officer of high rank ' As far as the experiments went it told much in favour of yonr powder, as with increased range the variation waa less than with the service powder. The largest charge used of your powder was 10$ ounces, which took the shell 680 yards from a 10 inch mortar ; the service powder, with 21-ounce charge, averaging a little over the 600 yards, weightof shell 92 lbs., giving your powder rather more then double the strength of service powder. The smoke was considerably less with your powder than with the service powder, the residue slight and dry.' Several gentlemen have used the powder in fowling pieces, and all certify to its superiority to sporting powder, one great advantage being that the explosion produces scarcely any recoil. Another great ad vantage this powder possesses is that it is so little affected by damp, that for blasting purposes water can in many instances be advsmtageously used for tamp ing. This new and simple process tne inventor intro- ' duced, among other places, m the Devon Great Consol Mines, and three holes were charged and Bred in less time than it would have taken to tamp one in the ordinary manner ; and the smoke being so inconsider able, the miners were enabled to resume their work immediately, instead of waiting at least fifteen to twenty minutes, as iB the case in using the ordinary blasting powder. The gases generated by the explo sion of this powder are disinfecting. The powder is in eveiy respect considerably cheaper than ordinary powder) In conclusion, we may add, that to meet the prejudices of men experienced in tbe uses of gun powder, tins powder has been granulated, when it was found that though it was still more powerful then than ordinary gunpowder, it was not so strong and effective as when simply mixed, so that it is urged that the patent safety gunpowder will be found at once most powerful wlren most safe. All those most dan gerous processes through which the present inferior and costly article has to go are completely done away with, and, as we said before, all danger from the storage of the vast quantities which are now heaped up like sleeping volcanoes in different localities is pnt an end to. All that i6 necessary is to keep a small quantity of cartridges ready mixed for present use, to be renewed as often as required. All must wish success and prosperity to the inventor, who as a primary object adopts ' Safety' es his motto, when from time immemorial nothing but danger could ever fail to be associated and in fact identified with the manufacture of this hitherto most dangerous but neces sary commodity. An application to Government for a trial has been made, ana meanwhile private experi ments, in which both naval and military officers are greatly interested, are being carried on. The Sunday Train Question in Scotland. — A correspondence has been published between members of the Sabbath Alliance aud Air. Hodgson, chairman of the North British Railway Company. The chair man closes the correspondence with a letter, in which lie says : — ' The directors do not believe it to be their duty- to force that portion of the public who, from inclination or necessity, desire to leave their homes, or to regain their homes, on a Sunday, to conform to the bidding of others who think it sinful to do so. On the contrary, while they do not hold out extra inducements to Sunday travelling by means of fre quent or excursion trains at low fares, they consider that limited service by morning and evening itrains is due to the public, especially the humbler classes, who caimot, except by railway, move at all. 'With regard to goods trains, the objections and suggestions contained in the document you have transmitted to me are founded in simple ignorance of the matter under discussion. If every goods train which passes by necessity (and there is not one which, in a practical sense, runs from any other motive) on the North British Railway were taken off the line, the net profit of the company would not be diminished ; but the insecurity and inconvenience to the community would during the week days be largely increased.' — Times, March 25th. Books printed on Old London Bridge. — John Bayford has preserved numerous titles of books, printed on London-bridge, in his collection for a history of printing, and which have been copied in the amusingwork called ' The Chronicles of London bridge.' The following is a list of some of the principal ones, and is taken from that work: 'The Merchandizes of Popish Priests ; or, a Discovery of the Je6suits' Trumpery Newly Packed in England,' laying open to the world how cunningly they cheat and abuse people with their false, deceitful, and coun terfeit wares. 'Written in French by John Chas sainon, and truly translated into English.,. Printed at London, for Henry Gosson, and are to be' sold at his shop, on London-bridge, 1629 ; small 4to. Above the imprint is a rude woodcut of a corded bale, labelled with the words, ' A packe of Popish trinkets,' and exhibiting a crucifix, rosary, bell, book, taper, a chalice signed with a cress, and an aspergillum for scattering holy water. 'The Wise Alerchant; or, The Peerless Pearl,' set forth in some meditations, . delivered in two sermons, upon Alatt. xiii., 45, 46. By Thomas Calvert. London : Printed by H. Bel], for Charles Tyne, dwelling at the Three Bibles, on London-bridge, 1660 ; 8vo. ' The Seaman's Calen dar.' By Henry Phillippes (Philo-Nauticus). Lon don : Printed by W. G., for Benjamin Harlock, and are to be sold at his shop, over against St. Magnus Church, on London- bridge, near Thames-street, 1672; 6mall 4to. 'England's Grievances in Times of Popery.' — City Press. Elofiment in High Life. — The Morning : Ad vertiser says an elopement of a painfully sensa tional character has taken place within the last few days. The brother of a noble marquis, bordering upon three-score years, himself the father of a numerous family, is one of the parties ; and the lady, who is nearly related to him by marriage, is the wife of a noble lord but one degree removed from the heir ship of one of tire oldest and wealthiest marquisates in the kingdom. The offending fair one, who has not yet reached hc-r thirtieth vear, leaves behind her EC-veral interesting children, but she has taken with her the title-deeds to an attractive feature in the ? shape of recently acquired property of the value of nearly £100,000. — The Dublin correspondent of (he Morning Star writes : — 'The retailers of scandal have been busy for the past few days magnifying and colouring a painful accident that lias taken place in high life here, and which, divested of all romance, simply amounts to the elopement of a married lady with the husband of her own sister. The pair of fools were, it is said, at the last drawing-room at the Castle, but neither of them has since visited her or his legitimate home. The lady truant is the mother ofj I believe, five children, while her companion is the father of four. The runaways are most closely con nected with a noble house, and I do not exaggerate when I state that the unhappy frail one is the sister of the most excellent lady in this land.' A Paris paper gives us some curious particulars of the idiosyncrasies of certain artistes. Patti, for in stance, is always drinking beer ; Alario smokes till he drives the impresario into a fine frenzy ; Borghi Alamo comes off from an interview with her roysl lover, and the Favorite immediately recruits herself with snuff. Talma used to shake his valet for fire minutes, so as to get up a ' wild air ' before he went on, and told the audience that he had seen the ghost of liis departed father. The restoration of the cross at Winchester— one of the antique architectural relics of that city— lus been commenced. The church of the famous St. Cross Hospital is also about to be restored and beauti fied. ? 