, MISCELLANEOUS. TIE FENTA~s.--TI'is organisation begins to show itself stronger and bolder every day. On tlhe one hand it is rerorted that Liverpool is a centre of operation, and that here is is sup ported by men of education and influence, while in Ireland reports oFFenian doings are continually turning up. A Waterford corres pondent of the Clolnmel Chronicle says :-"At every corner there is to be found thle regular street-ballad singer braying forth .The Bold Fonian lpy.' At every cornier one is met with some.sensational story of 200, 500, 1000 or 2000, according to thie esaggerative powers of the narrator-Fenians twho were drilling the previous night at KIilbarry Bog, or some other waste." The Cork correspondent of Saunderoe ', 3ros Letter says: - ' Since the terminition of the Americean war every steam lhipswhich arrives off Cork IHarbour, 'on her homeward voyage from New York or Boston, lands on these shores large nusobers of young men who had served in the Republican army, who carry revolver pistols, rifled guns'daggers, and short swords, whlichl they- openly exposo in their pelambulations through the city of Cork. They spoke without any reserve an nouicing that ships are preparing to bring over 50,000 well disciplined Fenians fully armed, whoo would be met hlera by 100,000 well-drilled men, who would drive the Blritishi army into the sea. This brought a smile onsthe faces of the listiners, until one of tihe fellows to the horror of the ladies, produced from ai belt rosud his -waist a five barrelled revolver, and the other, drawing aside the sltirt: of .his coat;, disclosed a short sword dangling .at Iis side." As a check to Fenianism it is reeorded thiat at Dundalk, "The Rev. Father L'Gitili, O.O.,-in an eloquent sermon on Sunday last, donounced the parties who hld been the nicans of ensnaring the deluded y6itlis into the iuifshes of Fenianism. In tle course of thi' reverend gentleman's address le said heilad been informed of tihe party who dared to administer the.oath of disloyalty, and tlhat.if lhe-. would not come forward le would put thb officers of justice upon his track." -Liverpsool Alblion,.September . 11. THiE QUtEE.-In an article on the (Queen's continued scclusion, the Saturday Reviero says as follows:-Among many .proofs of the pro fouild respect whichis felt for the reigning sovereign may be'counted extreme unwilling ness to offer censure, criticism, .and.adi'ice. Thlose who are most.fully convinced .of the inexpediency of a piirtial habdication are never theless .reluctant to, tender.. any suggestion whichl mighlt seeon unpalatable or intrusive. To a gieat extent it is true that, in common estimatidon; as by legal ruli, the.Queeu can do no wroog. The credit which has been earned has not;yet been exhausted by long retirement from p-ulic life. Excess in fidelity andm earnest feeling .woild readily be excused if it were checked at last; but. the nation. may in time become tired of monotonous grief, and tombs enough have :been built. Aking or a queen is only Jife tenant of.an estate, with a moral right in the roversipner to imipacliiintet of waste. Ifthe dues.are allorwed to fill into disotitudc, thiy may niot hereafter be easily resumeri L i It is true that levees and drawing roomls a n'bt institutions of the highlest im portance, aid. that they are probably more tediousto the principal performers than to the crowded:l guests ,but a geiural who despises salutes, or a bishop wiho loses temper at the sight of a whiute neck-clotlh, is not more anuo mnalous ini his tastes than a king who dislikes the obeisances of his subjects. For several years viriotus mOembiers of the royal family Ihave h·beon cmployl to receive the homago which eloeigs exclus'ively to tilme person of the Queen. It.is imnpossible to deny that a peeress, a lady ilayoress, or a sax doll might dischargo thu maltrial duty of'standing,in the corner of a room ihuile gentlenitan or ladies defile past in uin'ont'ed splendor oftattire. But the essence of the tiansaetion is the aclinowledgment that the Queen is tlhe head of society,. owing recip. rocal duties to those who 'come to offer their respectful siulutiutions. Except under the pressure of heavy aftliotion, the Queen has set an admirable example to privileged idlers who attemlpt to chidat the community of a trivial coinsideration fdr 'their abundant wages. Young officers who shirk parades, and young peers who slirke select committees, ought not to be able to .ollege, in precedient or excuse, thu eccentricities of a nobler character in a more dignified station. It is the duty of a Queen to go to a drawing-room as it is tlo duty ofa'curate to go to church. The losses whlichl sadden lifo scarcely justify the disuse of pleasure, and they can never cxcuse tihe abandonment of oflicial functions. LoUis NAPOLEON AND AI. ItolE.l-Whlen spirit-rapping becanme fashionable, it found a protectress in the Countess Eugenio do 1MoTutijo. Even at that early date she had i'?n,Jo on Louis Napoleon, and took overy opportunity of confirmini g hIerself in her lover's favor. She won over the rerd-haired ghost. secr Homo, and induced him to perform. a hocus-pocus before the President, which could not fail in its effect, owing to his fatalistic tendenhies.: Louis Npoleon once sent for H IIome and isked hinm whether le could evoke tltho spirit: of the Emperor. Home set his instrimnent in motion, and soon said that the :sEmporor's spirit wyas roadly to asweor. Louis Napoleon invited it to tell hint somnething aboutlhis future. HIome twirled the psycho. grapht nanthelo disk sent forth letters, out of -.whihel Home coWiposed the two words "Jo timontt." Thiis had been Louis Napoleon's Smotto in earlier years. Buit the psychograph produced two additional letters-oan "i " and an "o" "This apparently was noosense; for "montio " Iad nio imeannlog. Louis Napoleon, howcvcr, arranged the letters in his rway, and they produced tho word "Moutijo "--and that was the namte of his lady-lov. The ftitalist had suficient matter for reflection, and felt more attaclhed than ever to Eugeniie; for it seoemed to him an omen tthat hier titily IIname contained his mIotto of "Je imntc." Pl.,IN.-.Quirt w'aa at a1 snall dinier party. lTheure was a delicious pidding, of which the imaster of tile lhouse begged him to partake. A gentleman had just bebfore hlelped hlimself to an itmenese piece of it. "Pray.," said Quin looking first at tile gentleman's plate and thent at the dish. "which is tlhe ptdding?" " SWErI:T."-" Ma," said a little boy. "' has aunty got bees ill hecr imouthl ?"--" No, my' dear. why do you ask ?"-" 'Cause Captai'n Jones caught hiold of her and said, ' It was going to take honey frome her lips;' and sho said, ' Well, make haste " " DA ? ir ' o1'11: CeIu.rC.'I'r,-Anl IrishsItan who haedretnied froni Italy, where he had been with his master, was asked into the kitcein. " Yea, then. I'Pat, whiat is the iava I heari the master talkinig atbout?" " . .Only a dtrop of the cratcr," was Pat's reply. AN A.st:tsi.'N I-- A chitld, says au American i par bcfr'e us, was bhrn recenitly in Sanll Fran ciscot. who had no eves. Cuts wre o lmade, and a pais of brighit ontes were faunld undserneath. That will dot! A Ns:w T''ostc.-An tenterprisilg' clhemsist ihas ialntiaged to extract friom sausages a isower.'ul tonic, tpossssisng tie whlole strengthl of the powerful bark. lie calls it sulpurato of eratirne. A ..IA' comtplaiiung of a sun-strokte wasi asked what le mseanit, as ihe looked in health. "Twin Ioiys, by the fiavor of miy wife,"ho answered. Is squeezing a lady's halild tile coullllincic tlenit of a civil suitt 