THE PRESS AND THE PULPIT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE AOE. Sir, — An nrticle appeared in tho Age last week, pressing upon tho attention of tho clergy tho neces sity of taking nn interest iu tho leading questions of tho day, and of enlightening the public con scienco in referenco to them. In that article thoro is a largo amonnt of truth ; and I think it is well that ministers of tho gospel should be reminded of such truth. For thero is, no doubt, a tendency iu the ministry, especially whon it is composed of men of small abilities, to settle down into a stereotyped form of doctrine und exhortation ; to preach the gospel in tho same way from year to year, aud from ago to ago, whatever changes may bo going on iu men's minds| and circumstances ; to warn men against temptations, which are now no temptations at all ; to fight against tho ghosts of enemies that havo boen dead and buried forages; and to bo porfoctly innocent of tho fact tbat a new generation has risen up, to whom such teaching and appeals aro liko instructing modern soldiers in tho uso of tho old medicoval armor. It is tho duty of ministers to keep themselves ac quainted with thoso wants and weaknesses and temptations, which aro characteristic of tho times and tho poople among whom thoy labor, so that they may suit thoir doctrino, and oxhortations and warnings to tho caso before them. And anyone who shonld assist ministers in understanding tho spirit of tho age, with its various dangers, would bo doing them a service and society a benefit. But I desire to protest against the idea that tho ministry of tho Gospel should bo employed as an agent of political progress. There aro, I am aware, various questions which arise in tho courso of a nation's history, which, whilo thoy are political in tho sense of being under tho control of political powers, aro also, and moro especially moral questions, allecting directly tho Christianity of thc nation. Such a question is slavery. Such a question may fitly oc cupy tho energies of Christian ministers. They may use all duo means to onlighton public opinion, excito publio sympathy, and oven direct the weight of tho popular voico so as to influence the rulers ; for it is a question deeply affecting public morals, and they aro bound to try to protect the nation from national sin. But theso questions seldom occur in such a form as to allow tho ministers of the gospel to bring their influonco to bear upon them. And it is wall they do so. For, if tbo inlluonco of tho ministry of religion wero often called forth in such directions, bo as to become a recognised power in party politics, it would dwindle down till it was beueuth contempt. Besides, these are questions not for tho pulpit, but for tho platform, Thero is a distinct provinco for the pulpit ; and, as a general rule, ministers are unwiso to stop out of that provinco. Now, I have no doubt that tho cry of ineffectiveness that has been brought against tho pulpit arises from an error with regard to what is tho provinco of tho pulpit. If I should from tho pulpit declaim against tho presont system of men's huts on stations, or take up tho subject of wages, not to speak of the questions of freo trade and such political subjects — would I bo moro useful in forming tho national charac ter than I am when I preach tho Gospel of Christ's death for our sin, and warn those who profess to bo his followers ngainst tho sins to which they are spociallyliablo ? These aro tho foundation ; aud if personal faith and holiness are secured, the superstruc ture of national progress and social civilisation will bo more readily laid by thoso to whom thnt work belongs. I wish to point out that, though the Gospel has an effect, nnd a very powerful effect, upon the progress of civilisation, yet that which a minister of the Gospol is to preach is not civilisa tion, but Christ crucified. If we look at tho New Testament, which is our standard and guide in this matter, wo learn that tho pulpit has two aims, the first being to bring man unto Christ by preaching repentance and forgiveness in His name, and tbo second being to guide those who are under Christ's authority, and direct thorn how to follow Christ. It does not aim to provide tho people with land or with any worldly good. Theso nro matters it leaves to other agencies. Lot politicians look after politics. Let ministers of Christ look after the in terests of His kingdom. No doubt, by doing this, preachers aro also doing good to society at large ; but their aim must bo, not to leaven tho world with morality, but to convert souls to Christ. — I have tho honor to bo Sir, yours truly, A BUSH MINISTER. 22nd July, 18G5. [We do not advise clergymen to engage in what are callod ' party politics.' We are sorry to ob sorvo that tho ' Bnsh Minister,' separates the 'interests of Christ's kingdom 'from the interests involved in human progress ; for, according to onr view, the two interests are not distinct but identi cal. Ho has Euroly mado a mistako nlso whon ho says the aim of tho clorgy 'must bo, not to leavon the world with morality, but to convert souls to Christ.' — Ed. A,] 