FINAL MEETING OF THE FI-ST UENEMAL ASSEMBLY OF THE PRESBYTERIAN OHCECUOF NEW BOOTH WALES. On Monday ovoning tho Gonoral- Assembly met, pursuant to adjournment, In Phillip-street Church. After devotional- exercises, and tho reading and approving of the minutes of tho last preceding raectiny, the Cleric stated that the Moderator had, with thc aulvioo of the selection committee, appointed tho Kev. John Dougall convenor of tho Supplementary Stipend Fund Committee: The Clerk also .read tho names of tho committee on forms and rules of procedure, of which tho Hov. J. M'Gibbon is convener. ' Tbo Clerk thon read a lotter from tho Roy. AV. McIntyre, in answer to one conveying tn him a resolu- tion of the Gonoral Assembly*on union. It won agreed that tho next General Assembly should meet «m the second Wednesday in Ootobor, 1800, in' Phillip street Church. Tho Assembly decided that tho sum of £35 should bo appropriated for tho expenses of tho Moderator, and £50 as salary to tho clerk of tho Assembly. Tho Itov. W. PunvEs moved -tho appointment of a ?committee to monago existing, schools, to consider tho wholo subject of education, with special reference to primary schools, and to report to tho next Assembly. ' The Itov. A. BOODIE seconded tba motion, whiah, after soma explanations by Rev. Dr. Fullerton and -others, ivas carried unanimously. ? Tho committee was then nominated by tho Moderator with tho advioo of tho Selection Committee, the Rev James Milne being appointed convener '.-. Tho Itov. W., GRANT ¿avo a representation of tho present position of tho Manning River Presbyterians and moved, in conclusion, that tho, caso of tho Manning River bo referred to tho Church Exlousion Com- mittee. , , Tho motion was seconded by tho Rsv. J. CAMEHON, and carried. ' , . On tho application, of tho-.llov. ..W. JL'unves, loavo was" given to tho Presbytery of tho Iluntor to moot on Tuesday morning. - - It was agreed on tho motion of the Hov. J, M'Gibbon,' that tba present committee on bills and ovortures bo continued till tho meeting of tho next Assouibly ; that all persons having any papers to lay beforo tho next Assembly, bo rcquostod to transmit them to tho olerk ton days before tho mooting of tho Assembly;-and. that it bo an instruction to tho committee on forms and rules of procedure to prepare a plan for tho election by presbyteries of tho committee of bills and overtures. Arrangements were mado as to tho presentation of tho address of tho Assembly to his Excollonoy ' tho Oovornor. It was agreed that tho minuto ' books of tho f lato synods and presbyteries, now happily united, should be in the ouBtody of tho Gonoral Assembly; and that for tho present tho books and documents of tho late Synod of Australia Bhould bo in tho hands of tho Hov. Sr. Fullorton, nnd that tho synod books of tho ofhorpartios to tho union should bo in tho hands of tho olork of tho Assembly, tho presbytery books in tho hands of tho clerks of tho present presbyteries. i 'After Bomo discussion, it nu agreed that tho financial year of tho ohuroh should commence on tho 1st of July, and torminato on tho 80th Juno. It was also agreed that tho minutcB of tho proceedings of tho Assembly should bo printed and circulated throughout tho congregations, and a committee : consisting. of tho Modorator, Mr. M'Gibbon, and Dr. Stool,«wae appointed to assist tho dork in revising tho minutes. Mr. M'Gibbon informed tho AsEoniblv that tho Government Gazotto of tho 15th September, contained tho ofdoial announcement of tho formation of this church, with tho declarations eignod. by tho sovoral moderators as agreed upon in conference. Tho business of tho Assembly being concluded, tho Hov. A. THOMSON, as Moderator, delivered tho follow- ing address: Fathers' and Brethren,-At the closo of this, tho first general assembly of our united church, I am per- suaded that tho feeling ; which is uppermost in tho breasts of all of us, is ono of grntitudo to God for tho harmony, which has marked our proceedings, and for tho pledge thus furnished of harmonious future action. With tho full freedom of discussion characteristic of Presbyterian Church courts, and with n vario ty of questions boforo us sufficient to test our unanimity, there has boon gratifying eridonco of tho homogeneous- ness of tho hitherto separated clements wkioh have now happily coalcsood. we did not miscalculate tho amount of natural affinity which former divisions voilcd, but willoh findB appropriate expression in our present union. On all vital points-on all points csscnlial to common notion as a church.-wo aro provod to bo at ono ; and, even whore personal feeling might hnvo been supposed to endangor collision, tho healthy prevalence of a common sentiment throughout tho body asserts tho ascendancy. Perfect decorum has boon maintained in dobàto, and thora has boen on oxomplary spirit of mutual forbearance and conciliation. That spirit has only to continuo, and,. by tho blessing of God, our union will booomo moro and moro consoli- dated and porfeotod. The worst strifes of tho church have boon strifes within. Controversy, indeed, is somotimos needful. It must not bo shrunk from when (ruth and duty call for it. Peace, founded otborwiso than on truth and righteousness, is hollow and deceit- ful, and unworthy of tho naroo. Tho King of Zion is " first king of righteousness, and after that king of ponce." But controversy in tho church is of ten tho moro offspring of human passion ; and, ovon whore lt is othorwiso, human passion too often onters into it, and ' corrupts it In either case it is only ovil, and that continually. By meanB of it tho church preys upon itself. Tho strength of tho church becomes waBteu in internal warfare, instead of being put forth against tho common foo; and, in tho encounter of contending parties, pioty' languishes and lova expires, What a blessing, on tho other hand, ÍB tho blessing of penco 1 not tho peace of unworthy compromiso or unrighteous connivance, but tho penco which shows itself in follow Christians "speaking tho truth in love," exorcising mutual candour and concession, and exemplifying tho npostolio conon-*' Whereto wo havo already attained, lot us walk by tho samo ralo, Jot HB mind tho «imo thing, and if any think wo bo differently mindod, Uod will reveal oven this unto us." Neitbor is tho penco to bo dosircd the peace of indifference and innction, which, like tho calm of tho stagnant pool, bespeaks putrescence and death, and proves that tho spirit of God is not moving on tho face of tho waters, Tho grand security fora sound and honlthy penco in a church ls tho enrnost notion of its numbers in tho .church's proper work. Why is it that a church almost always enjoys internal po icc ia tunes of porsocution, but because it baa com roon work to do which loaves no room for strife, which nooaesitates co- operation, sud which tuquircs the-aolaou pf mutual sympathy »nd Jove? And, in tranquil times, there is still common' work for a church, hut in sn opposite direction. Its business then is not so much that of mere defence as of aggression:' "There re moinoth yet much land to be possessed," and it must " gp up and possess it." Iyot it only awoke to its obli gâtions, and be up and doing in its Lord's scrrice, and for the salvation of the perishing, and community of feeling will spring out of community of action, in the I midst of which controversy will be hushed, and the I only provoking of ono another left bo a " provoking to j Joye and to^ good works." The grand reconciler of alienations in feeling, and oren of conflicting opinions, is re-awakened earn os tn ess in practical Christian action. "If any nun will do his will," soys the Saviour, " he shall know of tho doctrine whether it bo of God ;" and tho same principle is equally applicable to a Christian church collectively. Differences of opinion in a church willrapidly disappear, or be reduced.to their proper in- significance, and lovo and harmony will spring up, when once its members set themselves with singleness of eye, simplicity of motive, and true earnestness of soul, ta do the practical work to which the Lord calls them. . Them will not (Jun be a wrangling about lessor points i still less will some be found kooping aloof from their- < ?TOthron in gloomy suspicion, mingled with a sort of sullen self complacency. lat the members of the ! church onlv awoke from their «liimhpm. and trird thom» solves in God's strength for their there will soon bo tho ponce which springs from a living and activo Christianity-a Christianity quickened in it« onergiea, and made perfect in love. In such a state of - - things a ch arah realises her unity, recovers and concen- tra toa hor strength, and goes forth, beneath the Divine smile, and with a new consciousness of power, to fulfil : her great commission. It is a token for good in our - young church, that tho questions which have chiefly-' engaged us aro those relating - to our futurs work.. Measures havo been resolved on tending to develop tho ? resources of our sovcml congregations ; to combine local . effort with mutual holp ; and to enlist the energies of ¡ tho whole ohuroh for doing its part, side by sido, with other religious bodies In providing Christian ministra-. tiona for th oso of tho .' same race and language with' ourselves throughout our vast inferior, and also in stretching out a helping hand to tho heathen, ; whether-« within, our territory or beyond it Wc muBt not indeed : forgot tho warning, " Iiót not him that girdeth on his harness boast as ho that puttoth it off." ? This is oer»-i tainly no time for boasting .with us. It is one thing < to put plans' on paper, and another tbing to carry them : . out. The latter can only bo scoured by tho spirit of lifo from on high entering into us ana aotuating uh . I do not know any more deeply1 depressing spootnclo J to a thoughtful and devout mind than that of a dead -* church. There may be ?' a" correct crocd, ita mombers;¿i as is often tho . caso, valuing themselves on their ortho« . doxy, and distrusting tho orthodoxy of all othors. Them - may bo »punctilious adherence to "stereotyped rites'and forms, and a horror^ of , tho Christian liberty which <. ventures on oven tho "most inconsiderable departure« from thom.. Dut what signifies all thiB in a church if : thorn is no stir of lifo in it j if its member« aro not > living in practical communion with tho living Saviour, - . and deriving constant imputée from him, having-"that < mind m them which -was also in Christ JÍBUS," and : "walking ns'ho also' walked," sympathising with his : gracious designs, and laving themselves out, OB bent ' On God's dorr rn ivutlnim flin niinUn. I« n!.. ' fallon, to comfort tho nffliotod, to eavo tho lost, ona io 1 bring back a revolted world to tho knowledge* favour; and service of its Maker P What wo want Is a church : with its mombors living in OhrÍBt and for Christ . im- -i pressed with thoir privileges and olivo to their obliga- tions- sincere, earnest, active, and faithful-their spirit '" and conduct in harmony with tho truth thoy profess to- < hold, tho precepts thoy profess to bow to, tho 'example » they profess to copy ; a church with an organisation, - indeed, suited to tho groat ends for1 which a Ohristinn ohurah exists, but also with willing hearts and diligent' 1 hands for carrying it out; a church providing scope for ' tho onorgios and Bpectnl aptitudes of its ! sovoral1 mern- 1 bers, and also lifo to ovoko thOBO ; a church with a post ' for ovory man, and ovory man nt his post, all " striving 1 together for tho faith of tho gospol," and having folio v.. . i ship with ono another through coaimon fellowship with Christ, "from whom tho wholo bodv, fitly framed * togothor, and eompaotod by that wh'ioh ovory joint supplioth, according to tho offeotual working in tho ' measure of every part, mnkoth increnso of tho body to' tho edifying of itsolf in love." This is tho-truo ideal ' of a Christian ohureb, and lt was meant to bo roalisod, ¡ find is capablo of being roalisod. ' Lot only breath enter' into us,-as in tho prophet's vision of tho vallovof dry bonos--lot thoro only bo 'tho warmth of1 a "truo and- ' - earnest Christianity boating in ovory heart; aiid pressing for notion in" tho lifo-and thon shall our various schemes booomo a reality and a living and life-giving-! power. Tho two things go . togothor, and sustain each ' other. Internal lifo linds soopo for itsolf In growth outwards, and outward growth acts book again iii th« strengthening of lifo within. With every rcaUy Jiving " and thriving ohureh it will, more or loss, hold good,-aiT with tho church in primitive times, that tho Lord adds ' to it daily such as shall be saved. Tho voung nursed in its bosom fool its glow,'and thoir tender suscoptibili- . hos, undor tho fostering graoo of tho spirit of God, ripon into early piety; Tho carolos», who -hiiJinrir,-! havo Doon only formally assooiatoa witu it, nra im- pressed ; Uioy cannot romain looked in slumber when all ." aro astir around thom ; it is as if voices wera continually . startling ? thom with tho call-"What- mcanost thou, a sleeper; ariso . ' and call upon thy God?" Even llioao who Boomed , to havo boen hopelessly hardened by a long courso of r worldliness, or vice, at length yield. ' Thoy havo with« - ' stood many an argument and appeal, but they cannot 1 , resist tho power of true Christian love, or parry tho forcb' ' of tho "living opistlo." An atmosphere is croatod whioh hypocrisy and religious-formalism find so un« ' congenial; that thoy must either withdraw or bocomo ' transformed, tho dead being quickened nnd bringing forth tho fruits of righteousness. A living church, too,- - attracts to itsolf those who are without There is no magnat ? like that of --tho 'cross exhibited in Ohristinns bocomo cruciflod with Christ, nnd yot olivo through Christ living in them. In addition to all, thcro is tho oflcct of direct Christian effort put forth in a spirit of faith and holy zeal and love, and accompanied ' by tho omnipotence bf believing and earnest prayer. Labours of lovo aro engaged in ; Christian agencies sot on foot aro wrought in a Christian spirit j liberal things " aro devised in connection-with missionary ontornrieo ; and tho result of all ie, that tho Gospel is diffused both at homo nnd abroad, and proves itsolf, ns of old, " tho power of God unto salvation." In this way doo« tho- ' Christianity of a truly living church indofinitoty re-produco and extend itsolf ;-and ' ? it ' is just, when all churches shall bcoomo thus living I and activo, each a centro of light and Christian in« * ?' flucnco, amid tho world's dniknCBS and corruption, nnd : such churches multiplied over all lands-that an 1 instrumentality will bo brought into piny moro than I sufficient, by God's grace, to copo with tho manifold powers of evil, and that kingdom bri'established ovor all tho earth which is " righteousness and penco and joy ia tho Holy Ghost" O, that tho Lord may haston it in his timo 1 Mcanwhilo, lot us sock in our own sphoro to bo truo to our "high calling;" lotus labour and . pray that wo, ourselves, and tho popio throughout all - our congregations, may grow and abound in raith and holiness, in lora and zonl, and in all Christian devoted-: ness, that Godj being morcifiil to us (ind blessing UP, - and causing Iiis faco to shine upon us, wo may help on tho work of tho Lord around UB, and throughout tho land in which wo dwoll, and. do our part, howovor humble, towards tho glorious consummation of His way being known in tho earth, Iiis Baying health! among all nations. - . Af ter delivering tho abovo address which was ovi- ? . dontly in full accordance with the feelings of tho. mom bora of tho Court, nnd of tho nudienco that remained to hear tho conoluBlon of tho vary important and. satisfactory proceedings of this first Gonoral ? Assembly, tho Módorator offered a prayor appropriate to . ? tho solemn occasion. Tho Assembly and tho audionco : then roso and sang togothor the last three versos of tho 122nd Tsalm-"Pray that Jorusalom.may havo poaco and .felicity," tee. Tho llodoralor pronounced tho bonodiolion. and tho Oenornl Assembly adjournod to moot, on tho second Wednesday in Ootobcr, 1800, in Fhillip. street Church, at 7 p.m. 