LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, Gin June. The Speaker took tho chair at half-past four o'clock, PETITIONS. The following petitions were presented from various religious bodies against the bill for the abolition of State-aid to religion: — Mr 0'Shans.ssy, from Kilmoro aud Emerald-hill ; Mr. Levey, from Keilor ; Mr Verdon, from Williamstown ; Mr Zeal, from Cnrltou, Fitzroy, Colliugwood, Castlemaine and Chowton ; Mr Hopkins, from East Colliugwood, Gisborne, Hexham, Camperdown and Jericho; Mr liovi, irom lunryoorougu ; Mr iuacgregor, iroui Whito-hills, Sandhurst; Mr O'Grndy, from Rich mond; Mr Howard, from Sandhurst; Mr Valo, from East Molbourno ; and Mr Higinbotham, from tho Bishop of Melbourne. Tho following petitions were presented in favor of the bill from various religious bodios : — Mr Michio, from Prahran ; Mr Macgregor, from Gee long and Kew ; Mr Houston, from the Congrega tional Union of Victoria ; Mr Cope, from the Ox ford-street congregational churchy Mr Houston, from Brighton ; Mr Korferd, from Boechworth ; Mr Blackwood, from tho LonBdato-streot congrega tional church. MESSAGES FKOM THE LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tho SPEAKER announced that tho Legislative Council had agreed to tho amendments of tho Legislative Assembly in tho Insolvency Bill, tho .furors Bill, and tho Post Office Amendment Bill. ELECTORAL EILL. Mr HIGINBOTHAM brought down a messago from his Excellency, suggesting certain amend ments in tho bill relating to tho election of lnem bors to servo in Parliament, and moved that it bo taken into consideration to- morrow. NOTICES OV MOTION,' &C.; Mr L. L. SMITH gave notice that, next day, ho would move that the House do, on Woduoaday next, rosolvo itself into a committee of tho whole to consider tho propriety of presenting an nddroas to his Excellency tho Governor roquestiug him to place upon an additional estimate for 18G5 the sum of £2000, to compensate tho various persons who have imported, at. considerable expense, and have, worked during tho last ton years, the swivel gnus in this colony ; and also for the purposo of roHeving tho hundreds of persons whoso moans of livelihood have been dependent on the salo of tho wild fowl, and who will bo thrown out of employ ment through the passage of the Bill to Explain and Amend the Fisheries and Gaiuo Bill Statute, as in troduced by tho hon. meuiuoi-Mr Grooves, no evi dence having been shown that tho supply of wild fowl has been diminished through tho ubo of tho sa'd swivel guns, although thoy have been used for tho above number oi years. Mr DYTE gavo notice that, next day, ho would ask tho hon tho Minister of Justice if ho has re ooivod any notice that a jury at tho late circuit court, at Ballaarat, in considering their vordict, had to rotiro to an unenclosed yard; and if so, whetbor he intends making any arrangement to prevent tho reenrrenco of the same. Mr SANDS gavo notice that, next day, ho would ask the hon. tho Chiof Secretary if tho Board of Education paid any, and how many, of tho teachers who obtuincd increased classification at tho last examination held at the Natioual Board in August, 1802, according to the increaso of salary accruing from such classification during tho period from the 1st September, 18G2, and the 29th February, 1861 ; und'wby a distinc ion was made during the period in question between tho holders of classifications from that examination and teachers who had been classi fied at former examinations. Mr MACGREGOR gave notice that, next day, he would ask tho hon. the Attorney- General whether it is the intention of tho Government to give pro cedenco to the Local Government Bill ovor the Bar Regulation Bill. Mr THOMSON gave notioo that, next day, he would move that there be laid upon the tublo of tho House the report of the commissioners sent up to Beechworth to inquire into the mutilation of tho dead body of Morgan. Mr DANE gave notice that, next day, he would move that there be laid upon the table of tho House a return showing the number of vessels trading from Melbourne and other porlB in Victoria, and being tho property of residents therein ; the return to distinguish botween sailing and steam vessels, and to give the total steam power of the latter ; tho number of steam-tugs in tho port of Melbourne, and their Btoam-power ; tho total value, as near as can be ascertained, of the ubovo vessels; the total Value, as near as can bo ascertained, of all other vessels, barges and boats, engaged in tho carrying trade within tho ports of Victoria ; the total num ber of men and boys employed in the marine ser vice of the colony on hoard tho above vossols ; tho total tonnage of all vessels that have arrived at Melbourne from the United Kingdom, for the year ending 31st May, 1805, witli the number of seamen entered thereon. MrZISAL gave notice that, next day, he would ask the hon. the Acting Commissioner of Railways if the Government Intend taking steps for tho pur poso of effecting a communication between tho guards and drivers of all passengers and goods trams running on tho Victorian Railways. Mr L. L. SMITH gave notice that, next day, he would call the attention of tho hon. tho Commis sioner of Trade and Customs to tho necessity of the Government appointing some competent person or persons to watch over and protect tho fisheries of the colony, more especially with regard to the pre vailing illegal practice of netting in tho different prohibited rivers. Mr TUCKER gave notice that, on Thursday next, ho would move that there bo laid upon tho table of the House a return showing tho total cost to the country of the Geological Survey Depart ment, from the comraencemeut to tho presont date. Me CO WELL gavo notice that, on Tuesday next, he would move that there bo laid upon tho table of tho House all documents and papers rela tive to tho discharge of John Duross from tho detective force. LAND MEDIUMS. Mr THOMSON asked if it was incumbent on the Government -to ibsue leases to mediums. Mr. M'CULLOCH said that if the land was im properly taken up, and against tho intentions of tho act, it would be u question as to whether the Go vernment would issue a lease. THE WORKING OF THE LAND ACT. Mr M'BAIN,. in calling the attention of tho hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey to tho working of the present Land Act, said the im portance of the subject would scarcely warrant delay ; and, in the absence of the hon. tho Commis sioner of Lands, perhups the Chief Secretary, or ono of his colleagues, would reply to hi8 observations, and state whether the Government would put a stop to the evils now existing, some of which ho intended to bring under the notice of tho House. No one could accuse him of a political motive in putting the question. His only object was to draw the attention of tho Government to the fact that, however good tho intention of the framers of tho Land Act of 18G5 may have been, the experience of. the past few days proved that it had ntterly failed to accomplish the object tho Parliament hnd in view. The SPEAKER ruled that the hon. member could not express opinions, but must confine himself to facts. Mr M'BAIN said that tho question domanded tho immediate attention of the House, and he hoped that be would be permitted to make a few remarks upon tho subject. Mr MACGREGOR moved Iho adjournment. Mr M'BAIN thought it wonld be bettor for him to confine himself to a few facts, and avoid the necessity for taking snch a course as that suggested. When the Land Act was passing tho House, it was stated by more than ono member of the Government that it was not the intention of the Legislature that tue (jovernmenL siiuum ho uuuuuiblui me uui* wm the whole of a squatter's run Bhould be thrown open for selection at ono time. It now appeared to be the practice, instead of offering one-third of each run for selection, as waB contemplated, every available aero of the runs situate in the western districts was proclaimed open. He thought Buch a procedure on tho part of the Government was deserving uf tho consideration of the Housn. It was the intention of tho framers of tho Land Act that individual in jury should be avoided ; nor was it ever expressed in any way that the land law should bo other wise administered. In place of a sufficient quantity of good land equal to the de mand for actual settlement being ? thrown open, an area of four million acre* was offered for selection. Experience hnd proved that the de mand for actual settlement was not what it was sup posed it wonld be ; and a race of men had Bprung up, Bpioilators or mediums, or ghosts as they had bcou termed, called into existence by the working of the act. Of tho operations of these persons, and of tho working of the act itself, ho had been furnished with several illustrations. A gentleman iu the Western district wrote to him to t us effect : — ' You will be anxious to know that the whole of my run was offered for selection, and almost every acre taken up by speculators ; and, strango to say, these gcntlomen are now desirous to trout with me. I have made up my mind to wait and do nothing in tho mattor.' (Cries of tamo.) He (Mr M'Bain) considered the facts woro too patent to the wholo country to render it necessary he should .name tho writer of ,tlio letter. Tho commu nication went on to say that tho writer was placed in a very extraordinary position, with every aero swept away, and left with a familj' and some twolvo thou sand sheep, not owning a single aero on which tho sheep could bo grazed. Another gentleman of ox perionco wrote: — 'I know several men in and around Hamilton who are anxious to sottlo down on tho lands, but, owing to tho rush, fow or none ha« o yet obtained a single allotment, owing to tko extra ordinary speculation going on.' Another cor respondent from Hamilton observed : — ' Tho way tho bill of 1805 worked hero is- most conflicting. Tho excitement is groat by tho hud sharks taking up all lots ballotted for, and then selling them to tlio squattor at from 2s Gd to 103 per acre, according to their presumod valuo to tho presont owner of tho land, or to Iho valuo placed upon them by tho speculator. I never saw a more demoralis ing state of things than now exists hero. Every laboring man is employed by theso unprincipled inon, and work is being done, all going to tho mill, as it is called, to take their chance of drawing a prize. If thoy do . not got a lot they thon got 25s per diem, and if they got r solection thon they draw from tho bank some £30 to £10, or even £100, to let theso swindlers have Iho lot thus obtained, who then resell to the Bquatter. Nothing can stop this but the Government altering their plan of seleotion and causing all lauds open for solection to be open in thonoarest township to tho laud thus opou, and all lands to bo opon for selection on ono and tho same diy. Wo havo here, just now, abovo 2000 men, and I am sorry to add, women, who aro hired by speculators as dummies to take up laud on those conditions.' (Cries of name.) Tho writer wns a friond of the people (Laughter.) Ho (Mr M'Bain) wob prepared to givo the names of his correspondents to tho Government if nocossary. Another gentleman from Hamilton, a squattor, who gives an account of what was done there, wrote : — ' Tho number of mediums in Hamilton is enormous. Ono squatter had 300 to '100 modiuins, and was very unsuccessful in getting allotments. Whenever a squatter nppoars he is bosot by mediums, who ask from £1 to £5, and if unsuccessful, Is to 23Gdper aero, according to the quality of tho land. Mediums' are openly discussing prices, terms, aud conditions. There aro two favorite sorts of mediums — tho res nectablo man that can be trusted, and tho dospo rately hard- up that can never do good for himself oi1 others ; men go about openly offering thoir nnmos at current rates. What a stato of things.' (Laughter, and cries of uamo.) He dosired to draw attention to a communication which appoarod in a contemporary which brought boforo tho Houso the actual state of tho systom. (Cries of Name.) It was tho letter of a correspondent in tho Herald. (Ironical cheers.) The lion, member read tho letter referred to and continued. Ho wonld desire to impress upon tho Government aud tho Houso tho necessity that existed of putting a stop to the operation of the Laud Act. He was sure that tho system could not but operate prejudicially to the value of tho debentures of tho colony, and would deter any increase of population. Ho would liko to know if any instructions had boon given to alter tho modo of throwing open tho whole of the runs for selection. Mr M'CULLOCH said ho could not see in what way the operation of the Land Act could affect the debentures of tho colony. Whenever any now ac tion was takon in opposition to tho wishes of some hon. membors, there was always some allusion to tho effect such action would have on tho nionoy market. In place of getting threepence or four pence per aero for tho land, they were obtaining two shillings per acre; and if Iho land got into tho hands of mediums who did not fulfil tho requirements of tho law, tho land would revert to tho Crown, and oould again bo dealt with for tho benefit of tho State. Ho had no proof that tho act had failod. Tho hon. member had read a lettor from a news paper which had always opposed tho passing of the measure — (hear) — and tho hon. member had farther road some correspondence from Hamilton, but' it was not snffieiont to condemn tho working of tho act. Ho (Mr M'Culloch) had heard of such rumors as were reforred to in th$ correspondence of the hon. member, and had put himself in communication with his colleaguo (Mr GraiU), in order to ascertain' whether it was the case that the lands wero falling only into the hands of mjodiums ; and, late last ovoning, he (Mr M'Cullochl was assured that it wan, not as represented, but tha\ tho great bulk of the lands wero obtained by bona fide selectors, and that the Land Act was working admirably. He con sidered this was a sufficient sot-off against the extracts which had been read. With respect to the statement of tho wholo of certain runs being thrown open for selection, ho reminded tho hou. momuertuat many 01 um runs woru upuu iui dujcu tion in 18G2, and that three years' experience, had, in tho meantime, been afforded of future intention with respect to tho disposal of tho Jands. That it was a hardship in many cases, he did not deny ; and, if tho Government could have bo distributed tho selection as to havo spread it more gonorally over tho colony, thoy would havo done so ; but tho act reqnirod that four million- of ncros should be survey od and open for selection within three mouths from its passing ; and the Government, in order to accomplish this, could only take the land which had been alrondy survoyod, and that which could be most readily surveyed within tho tirao granted by tho law. If tho system wns working badly with re gard to mediums, the squatter was alone to blame in encouraging them. Had they stood aloof, in stead of offering largo sums of money, thoy would not now be at tho mercy of the demands of such a class of men. If the squatters would allow tho 1 land to pass quietly into thu hands of those for whom the act was passed, thoy would not suffer so much as by tho course they woro pursuing, in inducing the system of speculation of which thoy now com plained. It was not tho intention of tho Govern ment to alter 'the system. It was tho wish of the Government to equalise the distribution of tho land open for selection ; but as far as the Government were aware tho act was working admirably. (Hear.) ALLEGED CORRUPTION. Mr JONES said ho had obtained from the Minis ter of Justice tho copy of Mr Curtiu's letter, which, it wonld be recollected, ho made some allusion to whon making a personal statement tho other even ing. He begged leave to read tho letter, as certain statements had been made by Mr Curtin to tho Minister of Justice, tho best reply to which would bo the letter itself. ' Farmer's Hotel, Market square, opposite Exchange and Weighbridge, Ballaarat, 18th May, 18G5. My dear Sir,— The following are tho persons whose cases I wish to bring under your notico, viz.: — 1st. Wm, Hynes iB my brother- iu-law ; I believe him to bo the first applicant for rural store license on allotment No. 2, parish of Smeaton. Ho had put up a weatherboard cottage, fourteen feet long by twelve feet wide. At the time the Land Act ofcl8(i5 became law, it was finished, with the exception of door and window, and was left in that'Btato sinco then ; probable cost say £30. Before Mr Ligar, who in vestigated his case at Smeaton, ho made some blun der, which he, on tho following day, corrected in a letter to Mr Ligar. Get that letter attached to tho report on his case. Another building has been put up on this allotment by Mr Thos. Askew, who ownB the adjoining allotment, which ho got under the 33rd and 31th sections of the Duffy Land Act of 18G2. 2nd. James Moran, who is also a friend of mine, applied for a rural store liconso the 29th Sep tember, 1801. On allotment No- 12, parish of Smeaton, he put up a building, 11 feet by 11 feet, but it was left unfinished when the Land Act of 1805 becamo law, iu which state it has been left sinco then ; probablo cost say £30. On this allotment Mr Holding has a building, and also Mr Thomas Askew, whoso land adjoins it. A conditional license was granted to those par ties boforo the passing of the Amended Land Act of 1865; and os they had improvements effected on tho land that time, they ought now by law get the privilege of purchasing it. 3rd. My own enso is similar, or nearly so, to tho others above mentioned. I applied for a rurul storo liconso and had improvements to the vnluo* of £20 effected, on allotment No. 70, Smeaton, before tho passing of Mr Grant's Land Act of 18G5. Messrs Ligar and Hodgkinson object to my case for the following i o-isons, namely :— That I am the owner of a largo tract of land in that neighborhood, and the greater part of which waB obtained under the 33rd and 31th clauses of the Duffy Bill of 1802. Tho following aro the facts of the case:— I am tho owner of 400 acres of land, which I have purchased ut a very high price, part by auction uud part by private purchase, erxfipt ono allotment of 101 acres I got under the Duffy BilJ ; and on ncconnt of getting this, I nm now prevented from obtaining a land certificate, which is a sorioufl loss to me. So, in reality, it was bettor -!or mo that I did not got this 101 acroB under the Biiffy Bill, as thjs' I could obtain a kmg £ertiiic'\t9 JiP.K. Tue above is a corroct statement of my case. Now, as I am well aware of members of Parliament having a lot of expenses to incur — moro especially whon they undcrtnko anything liko this — and as I valuo my own position as a. J.P., I Hunk, there would bo no roason to doubt of tho matter being kopt secret. I inako theso remarks on account of what Mr Cowan stated to me, and which I declined to entertain from him, as I really do not wish that ho should know anything about tho caso. Considering tho above, I enclose you a'post-dated cheque for £10, which you can get cashed as soon as tho abovo threo allotments aro got ; also £5 moro will bo re mitted to you by that time as soon as thoso are all settled, which I hopo will boatonco; then I will put twenty other cases in your hands with the abovo figure to each. Tho money, at least, one- half of it, ia already in my hands ; co thoro can ho no doubt in Iho affair. I havo already paid, and promised certain amounts to two other members, which engagement of courso will bo kept whether you or thoy got it Bottled ; but, 1 am perfectly satisfied that one of the gontleraon has slept on tho matter, and in future I intend to put nothing of the kind iu his way. Pardon me for speaking so plain on tho subject, but you may rest assured that any thing wliich may transpiro botweeu yon and mo will nover bo known from mo. Hoping I may hear from yon eooii, I beg to remain, my dear sir, yours very faithfully, Patrick Curtin.' STATE- AID TO RELIGION ABOLITION DILL. Mr HAUKER asked tho Govornmuut to postpono the busiiu'B.-) ou tho paper, to admit of his bringing on his motion for tho second reading of tho Stato aid to Religion Abolition Bill, for which a call of the House had boon ordered. Mr M'CULLOCH conseuted. CALL OP THE HOUSE. The House was then called, when tho following members did not answer to their names : — Messrs Grant, Davies, Grooves, Randall, Pope, Ram say, Orr, Pearson, Connor, Longmore, M'Cann, Moifatt, Baylcs, Harbison and Cuuuiughum. STATE-AID TO RELIGION. Mr HARKER then moved, pursuant to iiolico, that tho State-aid to Religion Abolition Bill be now road a second time. Iu doing so, ha said that Iho principlo of State-ondowmont of the church bad boon first allirmod in tho colony nnder peculiar cir cumstances. When Victoria formed part of tho colony of Now South Wales tho amount thon sot apart for religious purposes under tho Constitution Act was £G000 ; by tho presont Constitution Act of this colony, passod in 185'i, however, that amount had been raised to £50,000. The Legislaturo which passed that measure was notafairoxponent of popular opinion, ten out of thirty of tho members being nominooa of tho Crown. From tho iirst, there wns a strenuous opposition out of doors to tho cluuso of tho act which contitined tho provision for tlio appropriation ; and mectiug aftor mooting waa hold, aud petition after potition presented, in oppo sition to the measure. In spito of all this, how over, tbo cluuse was carried. Tho hon. goutleiflan then proceeded to refer to tho injustico of the ap propriation of tho public money to a certain section of tho community ; and argued that, if State-aid wero given to religion at all, heathen as well as Christian should participate in its benefits, and that continuing Iho presont systom was eithor a piece of palpable imposition on somo portion of the Bommunity, or of gross and apparent ab surdity. Sinco tho passing of tho Constitu tion Act, he said, every Assembly had passed measures similar to tho ouo contained in his mea sure. In 1857, tho present Minister of Justice hud brought in a bill for tho purpose, aud ho was happy to say tho hou. Mr. O'Shanassy had votod iu tlio majority which carriod that bill through tho Assem bly, a fact which led him (Mr Harker) to believo that ho might claim thut hou. genllemun's voto on tho prosent occusion. (Laughter.) Iu tho interval which had olupaod Binco that time, two moro efforts had been mado to repeal this clause of tho Constitution Act, but on each occasion tho Upper Houso had rejected tho measure in which the idea was embodied. One of the principal argumonta of tho supporters of tho system of State-aid was that tho country districts would suffer, and that to do prive them of thoso moans of religious worship thoy now enjoyed would be an injustice. In opposition to this ho wonld call the attention of the Houso to other countries whore State- aid had boon abolished for years, and would leave tho opponents, of his measuro to judge, from thoir experience, whether their fears were not groundless. In. both Caneda Mid South Australia religion waa supported on the voluntary systom. In tho latter colony that systom had been in existence for thirteen years, and they heard of no efforts boing mado to ro-ostabliah the system of State-aid. Would it bo said, then, that the people of this colony woro lesa liberal than their neighbors ? Ho opined not, and ho did not seo what fear there was that they would fail to support their ministers. There had been peti tions handed in that ovoning from members of tho Episcopalian Church against this measure. Iu answer to thoso ho would quoto from writings of Dr. Perry, in 1851, tho head of tho church hero, praising tho working of the voluntary system iu tho United States, and calling on tho people to havo full ro liauco on their own powers to support their clergy. [ Tho hon. gentleman hero read the extracts roferred to.] It was a strango thing to turn round now and condemn tho system thon so much praised, and it gave an illustration of tho powor of tho selfishness of thoso dead to all confidenco in their own ro sourcos. He would next bring tho opinion of tho head of tho Presbyterian church in tho colony, Dr. Cairns, written in 1855, in a letter to the Argus, where ho, too, called on tho people to adopt a sys tem of voluntaryism. And . yet, in faco of these expressions of opinion from the heads of tho most powerful religious bodies in tho colony, ho (Mr Harkor) now, ton years afterwards, had to stand thero and advocate the same 1 principles they had then enunciated, but sinoo for saken. It would be recollected that on a late occa sion, when this mattor was before the Housn, tho hon. tho Attorney- General had remarked, us a justi fication for Stato-aid, that the State professed no religion. If this was so, what right hud it to bo a religious teacher ? What right had it to say what was or was not a proper religion ? A largo portion of tho inhabitants of the colony, tho Chinese, did not receive ono furtuing from the Stato, and yst tho teachings of Confucius wero admitted to bo high and virtuous, and to tend to tho elevation of the moral character. Tho speaker then procecdod to deal with tbo quostion from a roligious point of view, and argued that all forced religious teaching was worthless. He then read an extract from a despatch of bir Richard Bourke, Governor of New South Wales, mado in 1835, wherein ho admitted that tho granting of aid to religion through tho Stato was adopted by him merely as a temporary expedient. The hon. gentle man proceeded to argue that thero was a disposition in the minds of all men to support tho ministry; and said that he believed tho oxercise of solf- donial, and tho evincing a desire to raise tho s'andard of the profession on tho pnrt of ministers themselves, would do moro to do away with any feeling of luko warmness than auy othor action. Ho would now call attention to tho extent to which the voluntary system iu the mother country had bean carried. Lately tho Bishop of London had occasion to raise £100,000 for the building of now churches in tho metropolis. Did he apply to the State for assist ance ? No ; he appealed to tho public, and his uppeal had been cordially and readily responded to. In Scotland, in 1815, 100 congregations had se ceded from the mother church, and estab lished themselves on tho voluntary prin ciple. Theso congregations now had a revenue of over a quarter of a million yoarly, and paid six hundred ministers, who received a minimum salary of £120 per year. Even in poor, impoverished Ireland tho Roman Catholic religion existed withoat Hid from tho State. Moro than that, thoy had to endure Stato persecution. Tko non-conforming bjdies of England and Wnlos, too, woro maintained by funds raised from tho people. Ho thought it would bo1 found that those who leant on tho State would find evontually that thoy had trusted a reed that would break. If, us he had shown, tho volun tary principle had worked so well in other places, what should prevent its adoption here ? It would not bo said that tlio inhabitants of other countrios could better afford to give.-' (No.) No ; it was not tho power of giving that was wanted, but tho spirit, and there was a desire to throw on tho Stato the wholo responsibility. Why, ovon lately, in these colonies the Wcsleyaan bodies had contributed £8000 to foreign missions. How, aftor that, ho would ask, could it bo doubted that the colony had not within itself tho power of religious self-support. In Eng land, for tbo same object, a bum of £50,000 hud just been raised. But there was no ro ison to doubt tbo liberality of t'.io colonists, for they bud oeforo them tho efforts which hud been made here, and tho sum which had been raised for tlio Indian Mutiny fund, tbo Crimean fund, rnd tho Lanca shire Relief fund. Could it, then, bo doubted that a liko readiness would bo shown when tho etoriml well- being of tho people was ut stake. He was sorry to say that tho pure volui taries in tho colony numbered but few, but ho hoptd soon to see moro made, Bat, few as they were, lie would call at tention to the fact that tho standard of edncation amongBt tho purely voluntary sects was higher than with others, which Bhowodthnt, while thoy performed the duties of their faith, thoy did not forget their cliildrcn, or mulio them a secondary consideration. He believed that tho greatest wars amongst mankind had been caused by tho allinnco between Church and Stato. Even in England, at tho prosent day, per secution wns not dead. Thero was continual bicker ing botween tbo Established Church and noncon formists. In Spuiu, and throughout tho Papal states, thoro was persecution of Protoatantism. Nor must they suppose that persecution was un known in their Futhorlund, oven ut tho presort day, two cases of imprisonment for non-attendanco at parish churches having boon mado public during tho past five yenrs. If the Stato was to bo called . upon to impart roligious instruction, why should it not havo tho power to punish tlioso who did not attend to tho instrno tion it afforded ? Roman Catholicism was looked upon as a damnable heresy by a largo number of thoso who now participated in tho benefits of this Stuto grant ; and yet thoy (tho Roman Catholics) wero participants in tho bounty of tho same State. Looked at in any light, tho policy of Stato-aid was wrong ; tho Stato should huvo nothing to do with religious teaching, and should leavo it to tho people, who wonld soon loam to onconrngo the growth of voluntary institutions in thoir midst. Ho was happy to bo able to say that ho had the opinion of no less a statesman than Mr Gladstonowithhim.tbatgentlo man having warned the Wosleyan Methodist body in England against accepting Stato support. That, ho thought, was a satisfactory endorsement of his viowj. In conclusion ho said that tho moro ho weighod tho subject, tho moro ho was driven to tho opinion that tho abolishmont of State-aid would tend to the promotion of Curistiauity, aud would call forth a spirit of liberality, for bonovolonco grows by boing oxercisod. Mr VALE rose to speak, but was met by cries of ' Divido, divido.' ThoHonso thon adjourned for refreshment. On resuming, Mr VALE said that whilst ho agreed in tho main with the hon. member for Collingwood, he had thought, until lately, that it was not dosirablo to legislato upon tho question during tho present ses sion. But tho result of tho call of the Houso showed that it was necossary to bring tho matter before hon. members and tho public mind of tho colony. He was satisliod that public opinion had uot changed in referouco to tlio matter. It might bo urged that tho question was not made a prominont ono at tho last election, but ho held that a matter once affirmed by tho House was not to bo afterwards made a catch-point at gonoral oloctioue. Tho great questions, dnring tlio election, woro tho revision of the tariff and tho doaling with tho public lands. Thoro was no indication that tho public mind had altorod sinco 1857, whon, by a largo ma jority of tho House, it was decided that, aftor Iho lapsu of two years, Stato-aid should coaso. Thoro was a dogroo of awkwarduoss arising from tho fact of tho Honso huving boon called together for civil purposes inoroly in its interfering in re ligious matters, but ho would approach tho present quostion as resting on that principlo of seliidliness which lod mon to relievo themselves from tho burthen of maintaining their own churches and throwing tho cost upon Iho Stato. Hon. membora woro told that tho auestion in volvod vested interests, but thoso who Toteil for a similar motion in 1857 could not say that thtro wero vested iutorests now. Ever sinca that timo the present incumbents had a decreasing amount of interest, which diminished as years rolled on and population iucroasod. Thoy ha;l, thereforo, not a shadow of a claim, and if thoy had it would bo met by tho five years from tho proaont timo which it was proposed should olapso boforo the bill topk effect. Moreover, the vested intorests, if any, only appliod to tho £25,000 for ministers' stipends, as thero could bo no vested interest in bricks and mortar. Now, in roforenco to those persons who at present shared in the voto, thoy woro very much in tho position of beneficial holders of a loaso from trustees, of whom ono only had signod tho loaao, whilst tho other had givon notice that ho would not do bo, for, from the passing of tho Constitution Act, this grant had been opposed, and it would havo boon abolished long ago but for tho action of another place. Tho House Bhould moot to doal with the pecuniary and civil privileges of tho people, and then hon. members would not have this bono of con tention to distract them. Ho thought ho could show that the grant was unfavorable to tho causo of religion ; that tho vory ohurchos by which it was used as a. crutch became decrepit by relying upon it ; and that tho Houso would bo doing them n ser vice in taking it away. Tho statistical roturns of tho church accommodation of tho voluntary aud State-aid churches showed that religious ordinances woro best promulgated by the voluntary system, and that under it thoso churches aroso which were best adapted to the locality. Tho Church of Euglaud possessed not only sploudid church buildings and titles, but tho woalth of tho country was in tho hands of its laymen, and yet what woro tho figures ? At the commencement; of tho present century the Church of England possessod 9500 places of worship, and, in the yoar 1851, it had 14,000 ; so thnt in round numbers tho Church of Englaud exhibited an increase of 50 per cent, during the fifty years, whilst the increase of population went on in an immensely larger ratio, and that notwithstanding tho immense estates and emoluments of the church and the largo possessions of tho laity. During the same period what Woro tho achievements of tho unaided non-conforming ohurchos, who either wholly refusod or woro wholly doHied assistance from tho State? Tho number of theso ohurohos roso from below 2000 at tho com mencement of tho century to 21,000 in 185.1. Thus tho rich classes increased their cliurch accommoda tion 50 per cent., whilst tho poorer churches in oreased it 1200 per cent. Certainly the buildings of the pooror churches wero not so rich or costly, nor such triumphs of architecture or such ornaments to their districts, bat the fact was a triumphant expo-. Bition of tho statement that a religious sect, actuated by the aentiments it professed, would provide roligious accommodation not only for itself but for its neighbors. In Amorica the States which relied thoroughly on froe church accommodation did moro than provido it for themselves, and extended it to tho now States won from tho forests of tho great woBtern world. Tho colony should fall back upon tho prin ciplo proved to bo truo in religion and wise iu politics, that thero should bo no con nection between tho Church and tho State, believing that all favor to the Church was but the forerunner of interference by the State. In Ire land, a church which had onjoyod tho prido of cen turies, and, until lately, of fashion and court favor, had proved a failure ; and in Scotland tho freo churches wero prospering!; whilst thoso that received the regium donum wore equally decrepit and equally destitute of tho principle of vitality as that of Ire land. On the other hand, the church of Rome in Ireland was a triumphant snecess, and an evidence that, no matter what a faith might bo, if it had a hold on tho convictions and hearts of the people, funds would uot be wanting for its due maintenance. The ohurch of Rome, in Ireland, was not a rioh church, and it existed under most nnfavorablo cir cumstances ; but could hon . members onthe other side show a success as great under the favorable auspices, bo called, of State-aid Bnpport. It was not very reasonable thut men would allow the church to which their fathers wero attached to bo loft without means of support. If it was not intended that the Houso should tnko part in religions matters, why had it in its very first session decided that it Bhonld not commence its business with prayer ? If it waB tho' busi ness of tho Honso to deal with religion it ought to commence with prayer, and, if so, there should be a form of prayer to meet tho views of the different Bections of tho Christian church. And again, if they wore to support religion, they must acknowledge a true faith and a truo religion. He escaped from the dilemma hy denying that the House should interfere in religious mutters. Tho presont sum granted was very Binall, but ho believed it to bo but tho boginning of a danger, and that, as time rolled on, tho danger would in creaso. Mr RICHARDSON considered tho systoin in forco in tho colony as an improvement upon that of England; but the question waB, had not tho Legis lature, in its liberality, parted with its consistency. When hon. raoinbors suw Ckristinn churches so diametrically opposed to each othor nB they wero, was it in accordance) with common senso tbut they could all bo right ? Ho was opposed to tho voto on tho ground of the antagonism, the jenlouBy and tbo ill-fooling it had occasioned. He wished thut his friends of the Episcopal Church in the colony would drop the names of tho Church of Eri'lund and Ireland, and adopt that of tho Epis copal Church of Victoria. Why not acclimatise that church ? (Henr, hoar.) He was satisfied that if tho vote was abolished next day every religious body would bo able to support its own church. Mr LEVI said he believed that, during tholast few years, the views oi tbo penplo of the colony on this question li ai become modified, They had discovered that ministers of religion had dono much to inculcate morality, and thereby improve tho condition of tho country. If this bill wns passed it would givo a death blow to a great improvement which had taken plnco in socioty. Tiro colony wns iu a different position from tho mother country, whero ho hnd, years ago, listened to tho cry of Church and State, and had to coutributo to an es tablished church wilhont participating in any of tho advantages of tbut church. Hero tho amount was distributed to all sects which took tho Biblo as tho foundation of their faith. (An hon. member: No.) Well, except tho faith to which tho hon. member belonged. Tho amount of tho grant was small, and would docronso ns tho population in croascd. Ho would remind hon. mombers thnt Lord Brougham, speaking of tho Church of Eng land, hud said something to tho effect that at least no mischief could nrifio from tho support of tho church, and tho probability was that some good might ariso. Mr MACPHERSON wished to know why somo of tho hon. mombers opposed to tho motion did not Btato tho grounds of their objections. It was a caso in whioh theory and practico wero opposed to each other; tho systom boing good in theory and bad in practice. Ho would liko to sco every congregation support its own clergyman and its own church. Ho did not think tho Stato should any to any religious body, that, because it wub not moro enorgotic, the Stato wonld do nothing for it. Turn ing to tho arguments of the hon. lnembor for Col,1 Hngwood, ho would first oall attention to tbo statement as to tho chnrohes which tho Bishop of London was engaged in raising a million of money to build. Why was tho bishop so engaged ? Bo causo thoro was no church accommodation for twioo tho population of Victoria; so that tho voluntary system had not dono qnito so much thore. But thero wero portions of tkis colony so thinly populated thnt it was irapossibio to givo ns sistanco to them all. Ho would liko to boo State aid confined to theso district's, and ho believed that that was dono by tho wealthier churches. As to tlio voluntary system in America, if tho cluss of clorgy raon which existed thoro Wtt8 tho fruit of volun taryism, tho less the country had to do with it tho hotter. Tho free churcheB of Scotland wero not so vory well off as they expected to bo, and ho doubted if, in n fow years, thoy would not bo very glad to roceivu Stnto-aid. As to tho opinion given by Dr. Perry fourteou yenrg ago in favor of tbo voluiicary principle, ho (Dr Perry) had afterwards said it would nut answer. Mr G. V. SMITH said that when refcrenco was mado to tho opposition to this proposed mea sure, ho was only surprised that, as it was ono to doprivo some five hundred gentlemen, and thoso gentlemen of oxtonsivo inlluenco, of £100 a year each on tho averago, tho opposition was not much greater. As to tho grant remaining at iis present rate, in tho fuco of an increase of population, it was impossible Tho Houso must cither raise or abolish it altogether. Tho argument that Stato- aid was required for thinly populated rurul districts was niorely a pretoxt to so curo its continuance. If tlio bill was passed, the advocates of Slato-idd here after would say that oven their gold mining ancestors gavo two shillings worth of religion, and, suroly, they could tifford fivo shillings worth. Ho protosted against tho allianco of religion ard nionoy, Church and Stalo, God and mammon. It hnd for centuries, been a forbiddon alliance— this union of Croaar and Christ — and was it because all other nations abolished it that Victoria was to adopt it. As to Stato-aid boing required in rural districts, it was in the centres of population that irreligion and immorality flourished. The measuro proposed had already been carried by a largo ma jority, and he hopod it would now be carried by a decisive majority. Sir MACGREGOR said tho same principles which guided his opposition to tho continuance of State-aid whon firBt its abolition was attempted Btill operated, and ho would support tho motion ot tho hon. member for Collingwood. Ho considered thoro waB involved in its continuance a principlo of injustico. It songht to compel persons to contribute to tho Stato funds for tho support of u systom from wliich thoy dissented, and was therefore an infringe ment of truth and justice. The State, as a civil power, transgressed its dnties in interfering with the spiritual welfnre of tho community. Tho sta tistics which had been quoted proved that, in tho ? aGandomnent of Stato-aid, religion would not suffer, and tho experience, of the mother country and of Now South Wales showed tho triumph of tho voluntary systom. In proportion to tho relief from: tho Stato, so did thoso in receipt of it fail to make provision for religion. State-aid in that respect had been rather an injury than othorwiso, aud had crcatod discord, and inducod an itnpropor completion of churchos in Iho country districts. Ho considered that tho acceptance of Stato-aid by any religious body was a sign of weak ness ; or, if not so, it was an act of dishonesty to accopt it, if no necessity existed for the aid. Religion, ho contended, ought not to bo subordinate to any human institution. Tho practico of giving aid was a relic of tho foudal nges ; aud was as mucii a measure of compulsion in these enlightened days ns was tho inquisition of tho past. Tho Assembly had, over since rosponRiblo Government wus intro duced, opposfid tho granting of Stato-nid to religion ; and ho hoped the Houso would not recede from the position it had tuken up, but would support the measure for its abolition. Mr O'GRADY callod attention to tho circumstances under which tho grant had been done away with in tho adjoining colonies. Ho said he would havo no objection to mnko tho Bumo concession under similar conditions ; but, until then, ho would voto against tho ubolition of State-aid. Mr VERDON observed that this was a quoslion involving a principle which it was difficult to change without some strong reasons being assigned. As ho had formerly opposed tho grant in aid of religion, he had not sinoo heard any urgumont to indnco him to change his viows. ' Ho did not believe thnt if tho grant waa decreased religion would also proportionately decrease On tho contrary,. thero wero tho strongest reasons to believe that it would not bo so. Thoro woro reli gious supported by the State, and roligions which received no support ; and a comparison of tho two systems was greatly in favor of tho voluntary system. Tho Church of England, to which ha belonged, was dependent upon tho State for support, and* had not boon able to compote with thoso religious bodies who had not that support in propagating religious inBtruction. Ho did Dot believe that if tho support wero withdrawn tomor row religion would decrease. It might bs said that tho Church of England and tho Church of Rome wero both opposed to tho abolition of Iho Stato grunt, and both being largely dopondont upon State nid for support, might suffer in somo of tho country districts, but they would only bo placed iu the position of othor churches in this respect. Seeing tbat religion wouid not suffer— and if it would, there wa3 something wrong— and seeing thut religious progress would not bo affected by tho abolition Of the grant, there existed no reason for its continu ance, and it was inconsistent with every principle on which religion was founded. Mr WHEELER opposed tho motion. Tho question was pat, and tho Houso divided, with tho following result :— Ayos, 25 ; noes, -J ;? inojority against the motion, 1. Tho following is the division list 1— ? AYES— 25. Mr Burtt Mr Hnrkcr Mr M'Clelkn Campbell Houston Micliio Cnsey Jone3 Richardson Cope King Robinson CoweU Macgregor Smith Dyte Mason Sulhvnn Edwards M'Bain Vale Gillies M'Culloch Verdon Girdleutune NOES-29. Mr Berry Mr Halfey Mr gShaaaMJ Bindon Higinbotham Riddell Ulnckwood Hopkins S-mas Brown Howard Bhermn Carpenter Kerferd |m£' « Cohon Kyto Snodgrass Creswick Levey Thomson Pnirbairn Levi . ln-*« Foott Macphorson AMieoler Francis O'Grady I'UBLIC WORKS LAW AMENDMENT BIIX. The report of tho committee was '««««* and further amendments made, and tho bill was read a third time and passed. MIXING LAW AMENDMENT IULL. Tho House went into committee- for the further consideration of Ihi* bill, resuming with clause 101, with the amendment of tho hon. member for Castlemaine, having reference to mining on pnvaio Prj?r'rGILLIES observed thnt tho Gw-J promised to bring in a bill of a comprehensive character to deal with tho question of m.n ng on private property. Ho would like to ^ ^ j l' Government had considered it advisable to do so, and why they had considered it advisable to ac qufencein tho amendment before tho Hon'. The eflect would bo to Bell the gold with the m* s° as to enable the owners to inako any demand oil tliu miner, nud give tliem Ibo option of refusing any n-Tinissinn to raiuo if deemed advisable. Mr SULLIVAN said the amendment proposed to do no raoro tbnn could now bo done. It ouly contoinphtod the legalising what was now being .donn illegally. , , Mr M'LELLAN opposed ibo amendment, anil ?said bo would take every menus iu bis power to prevent its pnssing into law, and classed it as an attempt to legalise mining ou privalo property ._ Mr DYTB proposed as tin amendment to insert; after tbo woid 'with,' and before the word ' may,' the words 'previous to tho passing of this act.' Mr HOUSTON regrettod that the Minister of Mines had adopted tbo amendment, and believed hat it would be a death blow to tho bill, and would prevent tho House doaling with mining on private property. Ho hoped tho coinmittoo would not ac cept the amendment. Mr SULLIVAN said ho was not surprised at any otposition ho received at the hands of Mr M'Lellan, though ho did feel astonished at Mr Houston opposing the amondraont. As to- the hon. member for Ararat, ho had not, during the wholo tiino tho Mining Bill was under discussion, offered one suggestion, alteration, or idea. From other mining members he had received ovcry assistance, but from Mr M'Lellan he had had nothing but objections. Mr M'LELLAN rose to ordor. . Tho CHAIRMAN ruled that the hon. the Minis ter of Mines was out of order. Mr SULLIVAN continued, and urged hjs right to roply to Mr M'Lellan, who bad taunted him (Mr Sullivan) with knowing nothing of mining matters. As to Mr M'iellan, he had already said ho could condemn but not suggest. Mr Sullivan then gave his reasons for accepting tho amend ment of the hon. member for Bailuarat East. Mr BBRUY hod understood, and he believed tho Houso had understood, that tho question of private property was not to bo dealt with this session. He looked upon this amendment, however, as a side wind to settle tho mutter at onco and for ever. Ho looked upon tho amendment as a bribo and a boon to those who held . tho lands. Ho warnod tbo Houso to beware how they let the wholo control of tho auriferous lands of tho country pass fromltheir hands, as they woniu ao u tuis amendment oecatne law. no am not think tho hon. Minister of Lands had fully realised the cousequouco of adopting this amend ment, and said if onco it woro passed, there would bo no getting terms from tho i holders of auriferous lands, who already assumed a right to tho wholo of the gold. Mr VALE said tho Minister of Mines, by tho amendment, was undoing all that lie had aver done. Ho believed bo (Mr Sullivan) had been caught in a trap, and that he who had always battled for tho riglits of tho minors was now committing an action a3 absurd as wicked. Mr BINDON could not soa any force in tho legal arguments against bis amendments. Certainly, ho owned that tho assertions of tho opponents of the clause might bo as good as his own. If Mr Gillios's view of the caso woro correct, then was the amendment highly objectionable ; but he (Mr Biudon) held that tho words 'tho rights of the Crown to be sacred ' saved thoae rights. Mr GILLIES asked what tho object of tho clause was. ' . Mr BINDON replied, 'to allow minors to do in tbo court of mines what they could now do in tbo Supreme Court. However, if hon. members wore against him ho would not press tho amendment, but would adopt the views of the House Tho motion was then withdrawn. Mr HOPKINS moved that tho Chairman do now report progress. Mr HIUINBOTHAM wished to know if hon. members desired to soo tho session closed. If they did, they must give more time and attention to their duties. Why, at that hour of tho night (oloven o'clock), thoy bIiouM not think of adjouruiug fer two hours or more. Mr LEVI did not think tho Government had thomsolvos shown much desire to oxpodite business. Mr M'CULLOCH said that there were two or three bills which, if not passed through tho Houso in a night or two, could not becomo law this session. Tho Mining Bill and Insolvency Bill woro amongst those, and ho would press upon members tho ne cessity of pushing oh tho work. Mr HOUSTON thought there was a feeling amongst members of tho Houso to further the busi ness if tho Government themselves showed any dis position to pnsk it on. Mr HIGINBOTHAM said it was imperatively necessary that tho Mining Bill, Insolvoncy Bill and other measures should be despatched at once., or dropped ; and it was for tho House to say whether thoy wonld go on or not.' Mr SULLIVAN imagined that Mr Houston wished to convey an idea that it was' the Govern ment who did not wish to boo tho session close. If bor ho was wrong ; and, if tho House would sit as long as he wishod them, thoy would soon dispose of the business. Mr DANE obj acted to rushing on with tho busi ness of the Houso. Thoy had had a samplo iu tbo amendment proposed that night of what the Go vernment were capable of. Mr M'LELLAN would not trust tho Mining Bill, uulous ho had a hotter guarantee than that offered by the present Government. Mr M'CULLOCH urged on hon. mombers the advisability of getting on as fast as possible with the Mining Bill, tha Water Supply scheme, and tho Mint Bill. Those measures could not bo despatched too soon. ' Mr HOWARD expressed himself ready and will ing to support tho Government in passing tho lliaing Bill through the House. His private busi noas should not impede public business. Mr GILLIES suggested that there was an evi dent disposition on the part of many hon. members to po3tpono the further consideration of the bill. He, however, thought that if tho Minister of Mines would state whether or not he had any im portant amendments to bring forward, the Honso would bo more able to decide whether it should con tinuo its consideration. If there wero no important amendments to bo brought forward, then, perhaps, the Houso would allow the bill to be proceeded with. Mr SULLIVAN would not like to venture to say that there would bo no important innondmonts in troduced.' Ho, however, might say that, with one exception, ho did not anticipate anything inportant. Tlie House then proceeded to divide ou tho mo tion to report progress. The division, however, was not taken, and tho motion was negatived. Mr DANE wanted to know what business tho Govornraont intended to proceed with that night. Ho wished to know if it was intended to deal ex clusively with the Mining Bill, or to take up other baaiuess. If it was the intention of the Govern ment to keep solely to the Mining Bill, tboy would not oppose the busiuess being proceeded with; but, if otherwise, he should move that tho Chairman leave tho chair. Mr SULLIVAN said it was the wish of tbo Government to go on with the Mining Bill, to tho exclusion of other business. Mr SNODGRASS hoped tho House would set its face against the hon. and gallant member for War nambool assuming tho position of ' we' whon ad dressing the House. The hon. and gallant member Baid ' we will do so and so.' Mr DANE'S motion was not pressed. ' vaj*oi.j ui. uujuuuiuuiua wero mtrouueeu in me remaining clauses and schedules. Ou tho motion of Mr SULLIVAN the House re snmod, and tho Chairman reported progress. INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITION OF INDUSTRY AND ART. The- resolution of Mr BINDON on this subjeot was reported and read a second time. DIVIDING FENCES BILL. On the motion of Mr IUCHAKDSON this bill was read a first time, and ordered to be read a se cond time on Wednesday next. Tho House roso at thirty-five minutes past twelve. It is stated that the Armstrong gun captured by tho Federals at Fort Fisher, was one which was presented by the manufacturer, Sir William Arm strong, to Presidont Davis. Parisian society has been saddened by tbo death of a yonng lady of rank and fashion. Ou a post mortem examination it was found that tbo doceuse was to bo ascribed to tight lacing. Her stays had forced threo of her ribs into her liver. The Austrian journals aunounco as an extraor dinary fiict that a Protestant has been able to pur chase a houso at Moran, in tho Tyrol, without tho mcident having excited any hostile demonstration among the population. Tnu Bisnov op Malta has prohibited marriago botiveen Roman Catholics and Protestants, until tho latter has for six months abjured hia religion. Tho report comes that the Bishop of Gibraltar has re turned tho compliment by forbidding mixed mar riages until tho Roman Catholic has beensix months a l'rotestant. 