THE LAST OF AN OLD LONDON INN. (From the Weekly Dispatch, June 18.) One by one the relics of Old London are disappearing. Railways on viaducts and rail ways underground, palatial banks, magnificent insurance offices, whole acres of commercial chambers, are sweeping away tfie quaint overhanging houses, the mazy lanes, the galleried inns, which are so connectcd with London history. The inns whence coaches departed are following the coaches them selves ; and the paved court-yards, the snug coffee-rooms, the cosy bars, will in a year or two be as strange to the Londoner accustomed to monster ho'tels'-as are the old fonr wheelers to the travelling youth trained to the swift locomotives. Within the space of a few days extremes meet. On Satuaday the Prince of Wales opened the Langham Hotel, a place so vast and magnificent that should the crowned heads of Europe ever meet here in solemn conclave, there could they find for themselves and their suites ample and fitting accomodation; and to -morrow will see the - beginning of the end of a famous inn, which, for three centuries, has been one of the landmarks of London. The Spread Eagle, in • Gracechurch-street. is one of the last of those old hostelries where, hundreds of years ago, carriers and pack-horses rested, after weary struggling through quagmires, miscalled roads; where halted wagons, bearing Giles and Dolly from the country, all agape to see the guineas with which " Lunnun " was paved j Dr. Primrose, anxious to treat with a Little Britain publisher for the issue of his volume of sermons; or poor Kate, as yet unknowing of the cruel fate whose steps Hogarth painted. A hundred years later, when roads were better, and smart coachmen tooled spanking, steaming u tits" into the inn- yards, and passengers, wrapped in coats and cloaks, sought the snug parlours; when guards dived into " boots " for precious parcels, and the human " Bootc " and nimble chambermaids bustled about, the Spread Eagle was all in its glory. But the coaches are now phantoms, the coach men and guards were Polytechnic " ghost illusions'' which we may conjure np as we stand in the antique yard, with its drooping galleries, its mouldering carvings, it3 bent beams. We shall see them no more; and soon, very soon, the walls which have stood from the days of the Tudors, and which* escaped the Great Fire: the galleries once trodden ■ by gay cavaliers, by noble matrons, by country squires and jovial bagmen, will follow. To-morrow the auctioneer's hammer will be heard. The chairs in wliich sat the merry " commercials," or the tired coach passengers, warming into geniality under the influence of creature comforts; the plate which shone on the well- spread tables; the beds in which they slept—all are catalogued and doomed to he dispersed—great bargains, no doubt, too good to be passed over by those whose thoughts are rather bent towards trad ing than to sentimental associations Leadeto hall-market will be dull without itsneighbour; the Peckham and Tooting omnibuses will miss the Spread Eagle, now that it is waving 'its wings preparatory to flight. We have often, in these columns, felt apleasure in dwelling on the traces of the London of the past, &n;<l like, when bit by bit they disappear, to devote, a few lines to a pleasant memory. 