^ABBWELt. MEETING TO THE BEV,-WI1V LIAM TAYLOR. i A publia toa meeting was hold yesterday evoni the Masonic Hall, and also in the School-room, . tho 'Wesleyan, Church, York street, of the friends i " ïtùv. William Taylor to «'bid farewell to that g \- «ian, on the ero of his departure from this colon; very larg« number of persons j>f all denominatio' down to tea in the two buildings appropriated fi .purpose. After tea, the guests and others assemb .tho Centenary Church, which was densely crowe every part. The warmest fool inga of friendshi] respect wire manifested towards Mr. Taylor, ' intense and wide-spread labours in this colony .awakened a deep sense of gratitude and affeotioi only on the part of tho Wesleyan Methodists, whom he is more especially connected, but in Cirri of all denominations Tho proceedings were menced. by the Kev. Mr. Chapman, officiating mi of tho church, whn gave out a hymn, in singing i the mooting joined, after which, prayer was offerc ibo Itev. Joseph Oram. The Hov. STEPHEN RABONE, in tho nhjenoo o Itev. James Watkin, chairman of. the district, pre .over the mooting. Among those present wero mo tho Wesleyan ministers in tho district, tho none John nayl Dr. Moffitt, John Caldwell, Esq., M.P. Love, Esq. ; Hov. John Gibson, Mr. Murphy, Honorable Georgo Al len, T. W. Bowden, Esq , &c; Thc CKAHIMAN said they mot to express their and respect for the Rev. William Taylor. Ma thom had cause to lovo him" through -time, and throughout otoraity. Mr. Tayloi boen with them something more thali twclvo mc His labours had been incessant, and had been owm -G jd, so that somo who wero far from God whei Taylor came, in guilt and darknoss, were now bored among thoso who call God father througl Holy Ghost. They gavo God tho glory for al »rood dona by this and other instruments. (Ch He called on the Hov. . JAMES BICKFORD, who reai following address : - -*' To the Rov. William Taylor, Minister of tho Mi dist Episcopal Church in California. '"Revorond and dear Brother,-Wo hnvo heard 'regret that tho time is at hand whoa, tho minii office bearers, and congregations of tho West Methodist Church in Now South Wales will deprived of your untiring and successful labours. Iiava been engaged with us in the work of tho 1 (for a period of twolvo montliB, during which we, I had ampio oppertuuitios of observing your simpl in Christ, and ardent zeal in tho causo of our Di 'Master. ; Wc glorify tho grace of God in you. M -rious are the ways of Providence. Tho financial i oultios in which you wero involved through tho dos . tion by Ara of tho Bothol Church and Soiiors' Hom Ban Francisco lod your Conference to grant you 1 of absence, that you mi ¿ht visit other countrii 'raise funds for meeting those . liabilities. We i many others havo sympathised with ; mission; and it is to us a sourco' unfoigned satisfaction, " that by tho salo .your books, _ and ' tho proceeds of . ; ,lectures, you will be well nigh ablo to meet those) égalions. But, door brother, wo recognise, with m 'thankfulness, tho omincnt success whioh has nttot .your labours in this colony as a preachor of tho Gc of Christ, During tho poriod of your sojourn an ' us,' you have visited noarly every oirouit, end bund of souls have bean: awakened through your instrun <tality. In this success vre soo tho hand of tho L whioh has boon upon you for good. Nood wo ; then, th »t you will leave us possessing our confide in you as a man of God, and.our osloem as an '< ' "minister of tho Now Testament.' ' . "*' Wo commend you to tho continued caro of Hoavpnly Fathor, and pray that it may pienso Hirr due timo to'ros toro you to tho' bosom of your fara and to tho scone of your former labours. " We remain, reverend and dear brother, yours in bonds of tho Gospel. '._ ,. " Signod, on behalf of the ministers and office bean \- .TAKES WATKIN,' Chairman of tho S vdnoy Distrie " Sydnoy, Now South Wulos, July, 1Ö65." Mr. BICKFORD added-This is our token of lovo, d . brother.' . . : ? , '? ? ' . .... .' Tho address, which af tor hoing read, was handed Mr. Taylor, as a memorial of tho feelings with wh diis friends in this uolony badet him farowcll, was b.-i .'.iifully omgrossod on parohiuont, in old English chai "tors, with gilt capital letters, and an'elaborate J ".haste ornamentation, tho handiwork of Mr. .E.' ' O'lioill^'chemist nnd drltggist, corner of Pitt arid Ki r. streets, who engrossed, in tx somewhat similar 'stylo, 1 address to Mr. Joseph Leary, from his forraor o BÜtuonts at . Campbelltown. This . memorial ; v onclosod in a vory handsomo and riohly ornamon caso, or; portfolio, tho workmanship o£->Mr. Jan .Oonybor, of Park-street, whioh elicited tho admiral! of thOBO'who hail an "opportunity- of examining it. JOHN CALDWELL, Esq., thon came forward, and in I name of tlio'lndios'of this church and Sydney, presen ?to' Mr.' Tay lor n purseof gold [100 guiness] as a to! ÔC their- love and rospcot for his dear wife, Mw. Tay! Ho wal suro many of tho mothers of this colony wi ' deeply indebted to Mrs. Taylor. For ho know that ma fair daughters of Australia had rpcoivod spiritual go .^through tho ministry of Mr. Taylor. And tlioy ow muoh to Mrs. Taylor, wlio had showed a great deal solf-donlal, iii consenting to tho . absenco, . "Mr. Tylor,' during his labours in this colony. l .H . Mrs. ' Taylor said, when Mr. Taylor proposed to go Enropo and Australia, "I cannot, part with you, ii dear'; you must not loavo mo and your children for long a time,"' ho was 6u'ro Mr. Taylor would B liavo gone. (Cheers.) Ho (Mr. Caldwell j was ni roquostod by a lady, onco, a , Sunday , scholar in t mothov' church ' ot Methodism, tho chapel iii Princi .atroot-to pi-osont tho ncjomp.ihyitig card basket ( . leatho'r worlt) ns n token of affection and gratitude :Mr. Taylor for bia kindness in secking_ tho good of ll Sunday-schools. (Cheers.) ' .Tho'Rev. W. TAYLOR, on rising, was greeted wi -oritluiBiastio applause, which lnstod. for somo minute As soon 'as it subsided, ho said, this was, ho was read ' to say, a work of supererogation. Ho would not con vi .nn iefoa that ho did not apnreciato thoir kindness towan 'him j but it was out of tho order of his plans, and li -ordinary experience. (Cheers..) His mode was to j right on, and havo . appointments to prooe ? or lecture ovory night in' tho weok ; and ho novor oi oouragod any mcotmg of this kind. Ayoar antila ha -ago, at Ballaarat, ho hoard of their getting up a rou sir tea meeting for Mr. Taylor. (A laugh.) But ho d olinod it. no lushly appreciated thoir feelings an motives. In Auckland, they p;ot up a little toa ; bi it had to ho all over by 7 o'clock, when preachin bngaii. ? This mooting hid talton him by surprise. II .'had ongagod to preach to-night in Glebo-road. , H was, however, under *rroat obligations to his duar friend Ju tliis and nsighbouriniz nircuits. Ho recognised som from Parramatta, Maitland, Nowcastlo, and otht jilaoos. Ho loved them all, nnd highly appreciate thoir kindness as manifested on this occasion. Thc extemporised a meeting in Molbourno ; but ho ton thom by surpiieo, mid left before they woro aware of ii Ho was very grntoful to his. Christian brethren for thi address, Thoso wero not tho parchments from Troa; . "but tho parchments from Sydney. And ho supposes that in form thoy surpassed tho parchments tho npostl Tuul was iustructocl in. no had l-ocoivod in this nm tho adjoining circuits, from tho ministers, unvaryin; ldndnoss mid sympathy. He had rocoivod tho "créalos possible attention, and Icin-Jnes.«, mid Christian love, ir all tho families in which it lind boon his privilege te sojourn in thoso colonies. He had had tho pleasure o knowing that God's gracious Spirit was manifested it all tho places where ho had boon called to ministor. Hi liad boon hore in tho ordor of Providonco-God, win sent him, had boen with him and biassed him. Hi had not sought praise of men; yot ho had rocoivot sympathy, kindness, liberality, beyond tho principles ot ?which ho proposed to reocivo liberality. Except when aa in tho present caso, something was thrust into hil lands, ho declined (rifts. But ns would not decline this prosont to Mrs, Taylor. Ho would say ol ber, : she dosôrvod it all, if It was ful -and maning over. For his brother, Mr, Caldwell, had woll said but that for Mrs, Tayloi they'd never havo seen Mr. Taylor. (Hoar, and i laugh.) Sho had as groat an interest in tho work ol God, as far as regarded solf-donial and prayer, as he "had. Sho novor said stay ; but always go whore duty calls lu n city whoro out-door preaching was xnohibitod by law, and whoro it appearod to him to bc his duty to nroclaim tho Gospel to tho masses, al- though in doing so without logal protection, his life vfeuld be impcrillod, ho consulted his wifo as tc whether hs should go or not. She replied, "Go, oi . mrso, and I'll go with you." (Cheers.) His friend, Ciptain Bowden, know that in carly days in California, -rrhon tho gambling saloons wero all orton on tho Sab- bath, lt was dangorous to go noar thom! But he (Mr. Taylor) went-and sang about, ami his wifo always wont along and holpetl him. What ha luckod in sloging powor, sho rando up. (Cheers.) Though ho was on a platform, or whisky oask, and sha on n chair below, sho always throw him inti tho sliado. Soma throe joan njfo, ooutomplnling thoir return to Cali farota, sail »ho, "If you'll visit England «nd Eon and Palestina, for your improvement sad usefulness, take tho children to California, and wait till you con He replied that ho had neither time nor funds for si an enterprise. But soon after that he lodged in Ph delphia with Dr. Brown,' from Australia, who beg him to visit these colonies. Ho gave attention to subject, and, ia connection with prayer, he worked i a providouti.nl plan for a visit to Australia. He accor, his wife's kind invitation for his usefulness and : provemenr. She said she almost regretted she had m tho offer, hut stood to it (Cheers.) He had a v clear conviction, which bad never boon effaced, t such was tho order of Providence, that he should co to Australia. But ho was prevailed on to spend sc months in Ireland, and some in England. Ho ' tempted to tarry tkore, hut could not get rid of previous conviction of duty, and, after seven mont pushed oa to these colonies. He had boca some I years in Tasmania, "Victoria, Queensland, Kew Zealii and this colony. To-morrow he expected to set sall South Australia. His object was not to preach a new g pel-not to advance new theories. His mission i to contributo ns much as he could towards restoring tho church tho original model of Gospel preaching cloarnesi, earnestness, literalness, naturalness, propriatenoss. (Cheers.) Of course thcro was a gr den of clearness nod earnestness in the pulpit! various denominations. But preacher* wero too mt transferred from the literal world into a world of mt physics and dogmatics. He meant no reflection; alamo I They had gradually worked into tl Ministers aro very deficient, and tho people have a gi doal to do with this sad deficiency in naturalness ant literalness, that is in facta-in tangible literal forma truth, such as they found abounding every whom in word of God. Iiis aim was to bring back the mil of ministers and people to the Gospel mode. Tl there was a sad neglect of tho privilege of all belier to "bo holy" - to develop perfect loyalty God, perfect confidence in God, perfect li to God. While/, they acknowledged th doctrines professedly, too many of them regarded lu ness-Christian perfection-as somo ambiguous di unattainable something. (Hear, hear.) lt was . business, by tho help of God, to present tho attract! noss, the attainableness of entire heart purity. Anotl point ho aimed at was tba importance of bringing I j children to Jesus. On HÜB subject the traditions mun were sadly at variance with t t?nchintj8 of God. God's mind, was til all the children-tho Bttlo children-sliou bo brought to Jesus, and should bo taught como to Jesus to receive His blessing. Thothcoi practically, was to suffer thom " to sow wild oats," t tboy wero fourteen or sixteen or moro : in other won let them first be apprenticed to tho devil ; lot Sat drill them, that wo may havo thom afterwards soldiers to Jemie. As long as that theory prcvai Satan will command tho resources of this world social] financially, politically, and spiritually. Aa long this is the case wo shall go creeping ou-scarce gettii any victory over Satau. But lot thia bo roverao What right has Satan to any of our children ? Tin belong to God, by creation, by preservation, hy i domption. Satan never did them a good turn, at nover moans to. do it He, for one, would not lea ono of his children to the enocay. And their moth was of tho samo opinion. (Cheers.) Their olde boy joined tho church when ho was seven yoars ol Ho is now nearly a man i and his molli writes that ho is all his father could desire. Wero othortviBO, ho would cet bo satisfied to bo thcro, if h children wero going lo the bad. (ChcorA) That w tho privilege of all parents. But, if parents lot -Satt drill their children first they would not get back 01 in fivo ! Ona great reason of tho partial failure of tl church to convort tho world was tho noglectof childro Thc directest route to tho millennium was to train tl young for God ; and so cut off Satan's supplie Keen your children out of his clutches. And if tl children aro but kept out of tho devil's hands, ho done for ; ho must tato up his traps and go beloi I whore ho bolong?. This is tho clear doctrino i Scripture. This ho had proved by Biblical testiuion [ ot'ory^ weak.*"If there was any speciality about hie mi sion it was'what ho might do for tho rising getioratioi It had boen also his desire to guard rovival offer against abuso, and secure tho conversion of sinners I tho edification of believers, according to tho 'revéale i plan of tho Bible. In tho great rovival of tho 18th coi I tu ry; nmlor tho Wesley's end iheir'coadjutors, thoro.wu j a great deal of physical démonstration. -Thia wns u essential of religion; yet it was a natural foot of ht mani ty under ¡lioso conditions. Wo havo an emotiom nature.. And in some, omoUon gets tho ascendancy, an thcro is a groat deal of noise. Tho error of soma is t suppose that noise and shouting aro an essential part c tho Lusinoss. Men carno for.tho oxpross .purpose c golting shouting happy ! Ho . had boon tit meeting when tho noise waa such that to'instruct peniteuts wu ont of this question. (Hoar, hear ) In. such meeting there was a good deal of superficial work. ' Ho did nc say that a person suddenly, dolivcred from the powc of darkness antVtranslated into tho kingdom bf God' donison, might' not sincerely shout for joy. But l< mako'that n main thing," which was ' only an inciclcn.1 was an error. His dosire was so to. conduct reviva oxorcisos ns to socuro tho instruction of tho intellccl tho awakening of tho conscience, tho surrender of th heart to God, the intelligent reception of Jesu Christ as tho only and tho all-sufficiou Saviour. Thoy lind novor seen a " revival in whicl thoro was not a little error-not from any fault o religion, but from tho bad previous training of person who wero awakened.. Ho himself could not endors* every caeo of supposed conversion. Somo wero hurrici into u prematuro profession of religion. But ho lim tho happiness to know 'by certain intelligence tba most of those who'professed lo bo converted tbrougt tho means ho omployed, stood fast in a profession. Ii Baltimore ho found that only 10 out of 210 foll back In Woslcy Church, Holbourne, where 200 souls pro fessed to bo brought to (Sod, six mouths afterwards tin liov. Mr. Draper told him ho did not think ono hat drawn back-(cheers)-not ono ont of 200. ' Hi always desired that those who professed penitents should bo examined by the superintendent Thosi who wont forth professing 'godliness did not go fortl with his (Mr. Taylor's) certificate, but with that of thi superintendent Of course neither of thom knew theil hoarts. But, as far as man could judgo their eiiicority was' provod. Nothing would afford him so much ploasuro as to know that thoy wore learning, and working wisoly, patiently, anti efficiently under tho guidanco of tho spirit of God Ho also taught God's financial arrangement for th( support of roligiott, viz., giving nt least a tenth of their nott incomo to tho onuso of God, with frco-will offerings, ns they lind opportunity. If God, in arranging our timo, rósorvod lo Himself tho sovontli day, thou tho seventh did not bolong mon, except foi works of morey and necessity. If also God resorved n lentil of tho property they ought to consecrate a tenth, antlravoid tho chargo of "robbing God." Thoso wort tho' sttbjects he had boon preaching about thoso' two years. Ho would always cherish a grateful romona brnncoot his visit to theso colonies; ot thc kindness of his innny friends, espcciuUy tho Wosloyans, with whom ho lind boon moro ospoeinllyi associated. He would always cherish in ? his heart tho spiritual interests of thoso who wero brought to God through his instrumentality. Ho prayed for them, ns for lita own children. (Hear, hoar.) Ho would anticipate with great gladness mooting thom again -not in this world bo supposed, but on tho other stile - of tho river. He hoi io ved in tho recognition of Christian fvionds in heaven. What joy lp meet oh Canaan's happy shore, Ho might recognise somo of thom by tho songs they sung- or by tho features of Itheir souls. Ho onco recoivod a lotter from n person who lind a tradition handel down, that in carly days in America n band bf Indians took from the Stnto pf Pennsylvania a number of children, and they lived in , captivity among tho Indians for tou or twelve yonrs. Ono niothor lind two litllo girls brought up among theso savages. After a time somo of those children wore recovered, and brought to tho'city for recognition. Bereaved mothers came, and examined them ; but did not know thom. Tho mother iu quostiou tried various moles to discover her ohildron. At Inst tho children were desired to sing. Some sang Indian sangs ; but ono sang a cong, tho words and tuno of whioh tho mother had taught lier in carly childhood. Tho motltor know her by tho song. The children wore restored, and tho bereaved mother's heart was hoalod. (Cheers.) Now ho be- lieved that after Ilia long strugglo of lifo they would : c cogniso each other heaven, nna if ha did not rccegniso these young oonvcrte othorwiso, when ho heard thom sing sorao of these glorious songs thoy had Bung togothor ho would know them by that Ho had four sweet children in heaven, and it was a pleasure to con* tcmplnte tho mooting with thom again. Ono, Charley, was just Bovcn. no was brought to Jesus whon four and a half, nt which limo ho had tho small pox in con fluent form. Tor tv month he nursed him. Ia bis sleepless nights tho little boy would wako up and say, " Pa 1 won't you oak the Lord to mako me woll ?" He said he would. Thou tho child oskod "Pa! when do you think ho will moko mo well?" Ho answorcd, "I think in twp-weeks." «Then tho child aska "How many days is that? I wish ho would mal haste." Again he would aar, " Pa ! won't you toll ni how to pray 7". *-And when ho put a little prayer in hi lips, ho prayed. Once he said, " Pa ! ain t yon "gla j that Jesus died for sinners ?,^ I'm glad too. Ho die foi me." And the child gave a clear account of th spirit's awakening and renewing work in his hoarl I And he lived from that time a Christian lifo. He mon tionod this to show how painful it was to part from ¡ j little travelling companion like that. Charley delighta in prayer meetings. When going on a short journoj I ho (Mr Taylor) bade his boy farewell, littlo thinkini it would bo the last time. A few days after he had i > telegram to say that his boy was sick. H ; hastened homo r'tiud when ha carno in sight, Charla; did not, as usual, como bounding to meet bim. Meetin; a man, he asked, "How's Charley ?" The reply was ¡ "Charley's dead. nie mother, and littto Hose, nr I down with fever." Ho went in, kissed his little dcai child, and sought to comfort his wife and other, child ron. Then be wont into the forest, and kneeled dowi in solitary prayer. And there ho had such a gloriou foretaste of heaven-of tho timo when thoy would mee again-when ho would cross death's river, and his HUI ' Charley would run o'it to meet his father, as he used ti I do. And a happy meeting ho contemplated with all hi I brethren and sisters in tho Lord. For they wer united by real tics-a spiritual fraternity, tho mos i endearing and the most enduring in tho world. Jesu; defined this fraternity, when ho said, " Who is my brother, my sister, my mother? AVliosoever doetli tho will of ruy Father, who is in heaven." When ni other relationships have passed away, this shall continui for over. Ho was therefore surrounded by Ilia father'i children. This made him nt homo any whoro among God's people. Ho felt tho pain of parting, as much ai any of them. But mero geographical separation wai not absolute separation. Ho would write them dowri his friends to the day of death, and for over (Mr. Taylor then oxaminod tho gifts presented, and repeated his thanks on Mrs. Taylor's behalf and on his own.) Let thom take his thanks as an instalment, and Mrs. Taylor would pay up the score. Thero was nothing - so* valuable as true genuine Christian sympathy. Much as thoy appreciated these presents, tho vulno woe not in tho gold nor in tho purse; tho real value was in the heart sympathy-(cheers)-tho I Christian friendship that was beyond all price. He novor prea:hed a farewell sermon in his life. Ho had know soma preachers who got up farewell sermons on ovary occasion. He know ono young roan, who, on leaving a certain city, preachod ' on this text: - j " Daughters of Jorusakm weep not for me." (Laughter.) I Ho (Mr. Taylor) did not like farewell addresses. If I ho gavo.'any, it would bo like Samuel's ;-*' Whose ox havo I stolen ? "T bavo dono my duty, and I'll quit." He liked to como in quietly, and go out quietly. If this was not a suitable valedictory they must excuso him, os it was his first Ho concluded by saying-Lord bless my Christian frionds in Sydney, Parramatta, Maitland^ Wollongong, Kiama, Bathurst, Mudgee, Forbes, Brisbane-, Rockhampton, and the ports of Now Zealand. The Lord bloss tho good pooplo thero ; that is tho constant prayer of my heart May wo moot again in our Fathor's kingdom. Tho Lord blass you I Loud and prolonged applause expressed tho feelings of the meeting toward Mr. Taylor as ho sat down. Tho Hov. JAMES BICKFORD then gave out tho hymn, . beginning " Blest bo tho dear uniting lovo that will not let us part ;" and tho audience joined in singing it Tho Roy. S. RABONE offered fervent prayer for thc Divino blessing over to attend on Mr. Taylor, many of tho nudienco responding with a hearty Amen. Ho then pronounced tho benediction, and tho mooting broko up at ten minutes after nina o dook. 