CLEVELAND REGATTA. THE second annual regatta, at Cleveland, took place yesterday, and it may be pronounced a success. The programme was carefully carried out, and the result seemed to afford very general satisfaction ; and many persons express their intention to exert themselves to ensure its repetition next year. Cleveland is in an emi- nent degree a favorable place for aquatic recrea- tions, and we trust that its New Year regatta, may on each successive occasion be as great an improvement on the previous one, as this was on its predecessor. About twenty minutes to 9 o'clock a.m. the flagship Settler, with several members of the committee and a large number of ladies and gentlemen, left Raff's wharf and proceeded down the river. The journey to the scene of the day's amusements was most enjoyable ; the weather was clear and bright, and a fresh north- east breeze gave promise of close contests in the sailing races. Much discussion as to the merits of the various boats entered for the different races, and for the "yacht race" especially, ensued as a matter of course ; but although many spoke in favor of the " Gleam," yet the " Kate " was the prime favorite. The formation of an association similar to the Sydney Royal Yacht Club was mooted. The suggestion found much favor with those interested in aquatic sports, and a large number of influential gentlemen expressed their willingness to support such an institution. We believe that a meeting is to be held shortly for the purpose of considering what steps shall be taken in the matter. Conversation on these and kindred topics whiled away the time most pleasantly until the steamer arrived at the Cleveland new jetty, at about half-past 11 o'clock. She remained there for a few minutes, to land some passengers, and then took up her station as flag ship some little distance to the eastward of the old stone jetty. A delay of nearly an hour and a half occurred, during which the starter, Mr. A. R. Jones, was actively engaged in getting the different craft into their respective stations. In the interval the Ipswich, s., with a freight of holiday-seekers from Brisbane, arrived and anchored between the flag ship and the jetty ; and shortly afterwards the Lady Young, s., came and anchored alongside the Settler. She was crowded with passengers, and as she was decorated with bunting from deck to truck, presented a very gay and holiday-like appearance. By this time Mr. A. R. Jones had succeeded in inducing a number of erratic boats that were sailing hither and thither on the broad surface of the bay to take up their stations, in the order decided by lot on the night of en- trance. The regatta was successful in one respect, inasmuch as all the boats for the sailing races were started at one time. The arrange- ment was unquestionably a judicious one, as it enabled the large number of excursionists from town to witness the finish, and yet return to Bris- bane before nightfall. It also added to the in- terest of the scene by keeping a fleet of various sized craft in a group over a large portion of the course, allowing them to be scattered at wide intervals. The various competitors were drawn up in three divisions, according to the race for which they were entered. The open boats for the first race were moored off the Point, to the northward of the hon. Mr. Bigge's saw-mill, and the lighters still further to the northward and a little to the eastward of these ; while the yachts chose their moorings close to the eastern extremity of the old jetty. At 1.10 p.m. the starting gun was fired, and, as the report sounded over the waters, the boats might be rapidly seen getting underweigh. FIRST RACE.— To start at 11.30 a.m. For all open boats. Course — From Flagship off Cleve- land jetty, round a boat off Hope's, thence round a boat off Cassim's, and back to Flagship. Sweepstakes of £1 10s., with prize of £15 added. Second prize, £1 10s. Star.— White with Red Star. W. D. White ¦ 1 Flamingo.— Red. Dodds. ¦ 2 Wanderer.— White and Blue. E. Price ¦ 3 Petrel — Blue with White Cross. Amateur Boat Club. ¦ 0 This race started at some distance from the flagship, which rendered it difficult to see which was the first boat off. The Star, however, soon took the lead, followed by the Flamingo, the Wanderer third. This order was maintained to the finish, when the Star came in first, beating the Flamingo by three minutes ; that boat, the Flamingo, carried off the second prize from the Wanderer by two minutes and thirty seconds. The time occupied was one hour. The Petrel did not put in an appearance, owing, we believe, to some difficulty in obtaining a crew for her. SECOND RACE.— To start at 11.30 a.m. For all yachts or first-class sailing boats. Course — From flagship, round a boat off Hope's, thence round a boat off Cleveland Point, thence round a boat off Cassim's, and back. Sweepstakes of £3, with a prize of £20 added. Second prize, £3. Kate.— Black. E. B. Forrest ¦ 1 Frolic.— White with Red Cross. F. E. Bigge ¦ 2 Gleam.— Blue and White Victoria Cross, Amateur Boat Club ¦ 3 Whirlwind.— Red flag with White Star and Crescent. F. F. Campbell ¦ 4 This was expected to have been the most ex- citing race, and a sharp contest was expectod to have taken place between the Kate, Whirlwind, and Gleam. Such, however, was not the result. The Frolic was first off, closely followed by the Kate and Whirlwind. The Gleam lost a good mile before she was fairly underweigh. The Kate was the first to round the boat off Hope's, while the Frolic was close at hand ; the Whirlwind third, and the Gleam a long way astern. The Kate having got the lead stood out well to windward, and by the time she had rounded the second boat there was very little doubt as to which would take the prize. The Frolic took the second place easily. There was a close race for the third place between the Gleam and the Whirl- wind, the latter being beaten by thirty seconds. The course was stated to be between seven and eight miles in length. The signal for starting was fired at 1.10 p.m., and the boats came in respectively at the following hours :— Kate, 2.31 p.m. ; Frolic, 2.55 20 sec. p.m. ; Gleam, 3.1 p.m. ; Whirlwind, 3.1 30 sec. THIRD RACE.— To start at 11.30 a.m. For all craft trading in or about the Bay, including coral boats, lighters, &c.; Time for tonnage — half a minute per ton. Course, same as 2nd race. Sweepstakes of £2, with a prize of £20 added. Second prize, £6. John Weatherstone.— White flag with black ball. Loutit. ¦ 1 Hamlet's Ghost.— Yellow. G. Harris. ¦ 2 Perseverance.— White. G. Harris. ¦ 3 Wild Wave.— Red. G. Harris. ¦ 4 Coral Queen.— Blue and White. E. Price. ¦ 5 Exchange.— Blue. G. Harris. ¦ 6 Dauntless.— Black. G. Harris. ¦ 7 Ann.— St. George's Cross. Parker. ¦ 8 The Hamlet's Ghost was the first to get underweigh, and the John Weatherstone second. The others left their mooring pretty much at the same time. The John Weatherstone, handled in a very excellent manner, came in a winner in gallant style. The Perse- verance was the second to pass the flag ship on the return, and the Hamlet's Ghost third, but being allowed five minutes for the difference in tonnage, she was declared winner of the second prize. She was the only vessel that sustained any damage, having carried away her topmast and split her mainsail during the race. The crafts came in in the following order :— ¦ Tons. ¦ H. ¦ M. ¦ S. John Weatherstone ¦ 15 ¦ 2 ¦ 35 ¦ 0 Perseverance ¦ 24 ¦ 2 ¦ 44 ¦ 6 Hamlet's Ghost ¦ 14 ¦ 2 ¦ 46 ¦ 3 Wild Wave ¦ 36 ¦ 2 ¦ 45 ¦ 23 Exchange ¦ 36 ¦ 2 ¦ 50 ¦ 0 Coral Queen ¦ 20 ¦ 2 ¦ 55 ¦ 0 Dauntless ¦ 21 ¦ 2 ¦ 59 ¦ 0 Ann. ... 3 ¦ 2 ¦ 0 FOURTH RACE.— To start at 2 p.m. For all four or five-oared boats, pulled by blacks. Course — from flagship round boat off Bigge's jetty and back to flagship. Prize — One bag flour, one bag sugar, and 1 lb. tobacco. Immediately after the conclusion of the two last-mentioned races this match was started. Two boats only were entered, and were started fairly. At the going off the steersman ??? the boats afforded much amusement ?? his energetic gesticulations. His display of enthusi- asm, however, did not prevent his opponents from winning the much coveted prize, which was awarded to the boat's crew belonging to a sable son of the soil rejoicing in the sobriquet of Monkey. This brought the day's sport to a conclusion, and, as it was then nearly three o'clock, the Settler got underweigh, and after touching at Bigge's jetty to re-embark the passengers who had landed in the morning, she turned her head homewards. She arrived at Raff's wharf after a pleasing passage of nearly three hours' duration. Throughout the weather was most agreeable, being clear, bright, and sunny, but not so hot as to prevent a thorough enjoyment of the excursion. A fresh north-east wind blew steadily through the day, and gave all the craft a fair opportunity of exhibiting their sailing qualities. 