ALFRED HAGAKTS HOUSEHOLD. hy AUxantUi hmiih, author of 'A Zife Drama.' ClIAI'TKR III. TnH H*(n.rf houtchuid ?» composed of Alfred Hapari, his wile Mt.rg*ret, Jatk and Knty, children, «nd Martha, maid of-all work an-l Mrs Hagart' e conlid'airtoanrlcouni'ellorin gtntral Thehoute amummodatiancoiu- Utedafthokitahen, where the aforesaid Martha worked and i-loptj tBo children* 8 bed- roumo ; tlio bed -ronm occuuied ky the master and nvie trees, a lwge bart rnom. in which waH a liuge bare desk — npertment itnered to Alfred himself,— and the flitting room, in whkh tbo llagirU received their triea^n, when any called, ond in -which they breakfasted, dined, snpued, and spent their evening*. And if, an philow) -her* aver, evarytfciiig a nun does is in j:*_«««si rA' hhmiiiI okuraitfur ? that dn nlfl nair ftf Knnf^ t^ltd talon vl tbo wearer (what a history Mr. Cariyle could have road in Cromwell's ') ; that a pair of gloves noticoasly warn on the thumb --I tbu left hand, gives a dearer insight into the tature of the owner of the gluves tfuto the perasal of a packet of his early love-letters, torins'anoo,; that an old hat, ?tattered and grcwe-stained, nil luatrenees ctf nap, grey and bars with usage, is a piece of authentic autobiography : — if these Ihings be true, it may be expected that the Hagart nittibg room should be indicative of the babitsof the Haeart Jamily in general, and of Mr. Alfred Hagartta particular. And there can be no doubt that it was so. I, who knew Bagart well who sat nut unfrequenUy athis kumble board, feel this. And yet the room did not look in any way specially strango or udd. But neither did Alfred Hagarr, and you required to know the sitting-room, and when known tbev threw light one on the other. lie room w.b nurjl, and the fireplace fronted you when jou entered. At the eitrcmitiesof the maatelpieoe stojd two ch'na vases a good deal reacted and chippel, and out of these vases roso gratefully towards each other, as it in ac knowledgment of mutual beauty, two gorgeuw fetihera of a peacock's tail. Alternately between these vases Wood an erg of the sea-urchin, and a hollow paper cylinfler about the beight*f an ordraarv-eanulesticfc, and on these papercylin dcre fruit* and flowers, and such arnbenaues and dericee as we we on Oriental shawls and Japanese ccoukcry, wen glowingly depicted. On the wall ebove the jiuntelpiece hung a Highland target, studded with ciroies of brazes ; nails and on the right nanfl side there was an indentation as of a pistol- bullet. Across the target were slung two formid able claymores, which in the grasp of a Iwld clansman mty have flashed at Sheriffmoor ant Cuiloien, and drunken English blood on both those celebrated tields. You no not know Mr. and Mir. Hagart yet, eo wnll a« I do, and conse quently cannot feel the signiHcince of those little mat ters of household adornment. Alfred was an artist after his sort ; he loved all natuial objects, and had a genuine delight in colour. The azures and the em- raids of the fdatDers pleased iim ; end id also the rosy hues and the rough mrfa »» of the shells. The paper cylinders were patterns prepared fir the weaving houBes of Greysley and the shawl-printing houses of Spiggleton— for the preparation of such works of art wan the occupation of Alfred, and by brain and pencil he kept the wolf from the door as best he oould— patterns whi sh had not .been fortunate enough to find purchasers. Alfred did not consider hiB walk of art high; in earlier day» he ha I trod a higher, and been starved out of it ; but yet it minis tered to his vanity at times -as indeed what does not that a mac pursues ? Calcraft has his own satisfaction when he turns .off his man neatly,— as well as to his profit An author travelling first class express is delightol when he beholds, in the compartment opposite, a sweet young crea ture perusing tagerly the pages of his last charming volume. A similar pleasure, a titillatjon of vanity quite as noSle, our friend experienced when he b he'd a laly wrapped in a shawl, the fashionable and elegant pattern of which he had laboriously designed. The mercer had shown that lady dozens of shawl*, had expatiated on the beauty and style of each, and out of the glowing assortment the lady had ?electe! his ! It vas a proud moment. On the other hand, if a pattern did not selL Hagart despised it, as a mamma despises a daughter left a spinster on her hands. The daughter and the pattern had failed in the end for wh ch they were created, and had become lumber. These un sacoeesful patterns fell to Mrs. Hagart who, witha woman's deftness and quick wit, whipped them into rollu, rtatdiel up the backs neatly, scolloped the edges with her scissors, and . turned them into indubitable ornaments. And thus it came about that they stood on the mantelpiece between the shells, and we overhung by the peacock's feathers. Itin not every wife who can mate household ornaments out of her husband's nnsuocesEea. My wife, for instance, can make nothing of my rejected poemB and magazine articles. The target and the claymores slung across it ha 1 their own significance also. They belonged to Mrs Hagart; and were portions of her personal property when ehe married. Mrs. Hagart— her maiden name was Margaret Mctjuarrie -was of Highland descent, and was related to some of the old-j t Highland famines. In particular her mother was a daughter of the second cousin of die great McClaymore of McClay more, and on this intimate and honourable relationship she plumed herself highly. On the nobility and splendour of her ancestors the good lady was accustomed at times to dilate. She talked of the princely state they lived in; of (he number of times they had turned the tide ol battle ; of their crowds of retainers ; of the loyal family ghosts that followed them withersoever they went, flitting down stair cases, tapping at windows, scraping at doors and the like, when one of the great race was about to die. Mrs Hagart'e family was servitored by both worlds. Hagart was wont to listen to these stories with great patience, but the apparitions touched him somehow on the comic ride, and much irreve rent laughter they kindled in him at intervals. ' There is nothing like having- a number of family gho.ts,' he would say good humouradly, they add mightily to one's family dig nity, end then they are cheap. They cost nothing in the way of rations ; they provide their own wardrobe ; they exact no board wages. It would be carious to compute bow many ghosts could be kept on the wages of a single footman. At these saUiea Mrs. Hagart would bridle, and declare she had no patience with vulgar witticisms. But with all his fun Hagart was nearly as proud of his wife's descent as she was herself, and once or twice he has spoken to me of her great connections with awe. Of Mrs. Hagait personally, if pride of family was a fault, it was almost the enly one she had : ehe loved her husband, she was devoe 'ly attached to her children, she was kind and, as far aB her means went, liberal to Martha, who would almost have laid down her life for her mistress. The far-desceniel finge/s stitched and darnel industriously as if she hid come of a race of hedgere and ditchers. She was patient, gentle of speeoh, economical of habit, as if her great- great-great grandfather had never ruled broad lands or strung up a follower before his breakfast window of a morning whtn it please 1 him. And if along with the catechism and the stones of Joseph andButh, she taught her children genealogy, what barm . did it do them, pray } No harm, but a great deal of good. Kflty'e voice hw not » touch of the Gteyaleyan. accent, she never shrieked or streamed or romped in the school play . ground as did her companions. She was always quiet, un . assuming, demure— a little lady; and her mother S stories had a good deal in bringing (hat about. As for Jack, if under his mother's direction he had not drank so deeply of the well of family history, his clenched fist would not have come in such desperate contact with Thomson's note,'nw * would he have gloried so hugely in the fact that he got a severe thrashing for tolling the truth, while his opponent got a -slight one for tell'ng a lie: Depend upon it neither man nor boy is the worse of having a grandfather and of knowing it too. On one side of the sitting-room hung a email bookcase containing a few religious works, some odd volumes of the Waverley Novell, the Edinburgh Almanack for the year 1826, and certain loose numbers of the London Magazine. In the Waverley Novels, ro far as he possessed them, Hagart delighted, and was wont in the evenings to read portions of them, so that Jack and Katy were not unac quainted' with Balfonr of Barley. Cuddie Headrigg, Miss Wardonr, end Jeonnie Dcane. The Almanack was valued because it contained a list of the regiments of the British army, with a description of their facings, and a catalogue of the actions in which they had been engaged' The loose number of the London Magazine he had picked up during his residence in that city, and many an hour he spent talking of Jack about his metropolitan experiences ; of Westminster Abbey and St. Paul's, of the newspapers in mourning for the death of Lord Byron ; of Bdmund Sean in Richard ; of Edward Irving with his squint and raven hair ; of Mr. Thurtell; of Tom Spring, Daaf Burke, and Symon Byrne, departed heroes of the fistic ring ; of the Duke, in white trousers and blue surtout, riding past on hU cod; of Mr. Turner's wonderful landscapes ; and of the First Gentleman in Europe. Hagart had a great love for Lonion, and was wont to aver— when his patterns would not sell— that it was the onl- place in which, a man of parts and genius could ex pect to receive proper encouragement. On the opposite wall from the bookcase hung three water colour sketches On t*e right was a gamboge sunrise, on the lift a vermillion sunset, and in the middle a sap green forest ) n the comer of each of these works of art might be traced ' Alfred Hagart, 1824.' These sketches were re garded by the household— Hagart included— with much pride. When Alfred made a hit with his patterns, and when the manufacturers were purchasing freely, it -was his custom— sitting over his tumbler of punch with his wife, after the children had gone to bed - to make pathetic allusion to these. ' If I had but continued at that,' he would say, pointing with his thumb to thi pictures, ' we might save been driving our carriage to-aay. With the encouragement I had I was a fool to give up art. A fellow like me, con demned to paint shawl and garment-patterns for the blowsy wives of cobblers and tallow-chandlers— by Jove ! its Flying Chtlders biought to a hackney-stand, a poet become sub editor.' J - v And this reminds me that it was while living as a water colour artist in London— to which city he had eoms up from Scotland— that Alfred Hagart won his wife. Miss Me Quame,youngestofthatai8tinguUhedfamily.hadlfortheim trovementof hermind and manners, been placed at a London hoarding- school which Alfred attended in the capacity of drawing-master. Miss Margaret was young ana pretty ; Alfred a bleoming joung onm, with bold bright eyes and a heart that would conquer the world. He had a goal Spire, and he dressed well. He was alert, vivacious, high spirited ; wherever he looked he saw a star glittering. Pup!] and master became attached, and as it was not to be hoped that the far-descendod and many grandfathered McQuarries would consent to the match until they could not help them selves, the foolish young people, thinking they were per forming a stroke of astute generalship, ran away, married, and then, in dutiful epitUes, sued for forgiveness. . When the letter reached old McQuarrio - for many years the young bride had had no mother, and her mother was her lather's second wife, of whioh union she wss the only child— wounded pride and rage nearly threw htm into a fit He cursed ana swore horribly, vowed that, havingdisgraceiher family, ehe might starve, for aught he oared ; and threatened to knock tha need off man or woman who should dare so | ? mcch as mention her name in his presence. OM port and bsd temper in a year or two assisted the irate gentleman into the other -world ; and then his money— and report said he cut up well-was divided equally between his children by his first marriage- Kate, a spinster lady living at Hawksheal; and Hector, sheep-farmer and married min, in the remote Hebrides— leaving not a stiver to his youngest daughter, and,. up to the period of her disgraceful marriage his best beloved When she heard he was ill, forgetting everything, forgiving everything, ohe would have run to him, like Cordelia to Lear, It was not her father's anger and curses that kept her back, for these she would htve cored lit le; it was the great distance and the scanty purse. And I think the old gentleman would have felt more com fortable in the other worldif that loving daughter's face had bet n the last sight hebad seen in tbir. But this had mot yet happened. The young bride had a small fortune of one thousand pounds, and this sum Bhe, with much pride and many blushes, landed over to her Alfred. The simple gabies resolved that they would not touch one farthing of it, but would lay it aside for contin gencies, odc of these being looked forward to in a short time with much interest by both. Alfred unhappily read his newspaper, and attracted by an advertisement of a joint Blotk tomtthing or -other which promised large returns, he was induced to rish the thousand pounds in that bubble (speculation. He had hardly dose so when the bubble hurst, and the mot cy was gone. It was in the horror of this time thst the Hagarts received a letter from their half sister Kate, intimstiog the resolution come to by her father, and her entire agreement therewith. From her half -broth r Hector the sever beard. To the young wife this was dreadful news, and it would hate killed her outright iad not consolation come in the bhape of a little baby lace nestling in her bosom. The sharp joy turned the sharp grief out of doors, and the became, quite contented and happy. She wished to call her boy after her father- who was yet alive— but Alfred flaw into euoh a dreadful rage at the proposal, that she was obliged to give it up. Many names were tried. and thrown aside as unsuit able. At lost John was tngacsted. ' Well, what if we should call 'the boy John?' said the husDand, ' John Hsgatt eoes not sound «o badly to my ear. Milton'a name was John .- my father's name mm John. Besides, and this broke* me like it best of all' - «- good -!cai of aftid oame into the voire here—' the name has -not been borne by any of the McQuames through thetrcosntless generations.' And eo the boy wan called J- hn, and pew apace. How proud of it was father and mother ! ' It smiles so prettily in Its sleep, you would almost tancy it was toeing angels in its dreams,' sail the poor mother. When he cut his first tooth the two fools were as pleased as if they had come into an ettale Alfred war in eottacips when it recognised him, fluttered to his anus and was able to babble ' papa.' Wben it btgan to care for toys, the taknt that child dis plaj-od would have delighted a Stoic 1 And when on one occasion, the horned autumn moon shining quietly through tbe London parlour window, he howled luetily be- auso no could not have that luminary for a plaything, the fond purents agreed that the child was a child of unmistakable geniiu, and actuated by an ambition that would have resnltB. In some fifteen months after John's birth a little girl made her appearance, and a difficulty occurred as to what her came r-houM be. Alfred was anxious that she should be called Margaret, after her mother. The mother -and the poor lady was only working out a scheme which had come into her bead as she eat alone one day nursing it -wished it named Catherine, after her half-sister. Alfred demurred, hiB wife pleaded; he raised objections of various kinds, sis wife pleaded only the more vigorously ; at last he consented —he would have cut off his head to please her, theafleo donate follow— and Catherine the girl was call d Having succeeded in this part of her plan, she prepare! to carry out the remainder. A ured being out, John dispose! of somehow, Catherine asleep in her crib, the mother whipp-d epen her little wilting desk, scribbled an anxious fluttering letter to her half-sister, fall of details of the little girl, ' Your name sake,' she cunningly added. Telling all about her beauty, her intelligence, her goodness, the pleasant way in which the took medicine, &c;, and enclosed a bit of the christening cake. This epistle, into which the poor girl had emptiel out her enure heart, and which she fancied capable of tiuching ' the hardest, was carefully sealed and directed, and in the evening f he slipped out quietly and dropped it into the post ?ffice. This whole thing »he kept secret from her husbaad. It would be pleasant, she thought, to astonish him, and be praised for her cleverness in effecting a reconciliation wi h one who might be useful to her children. The little stroke of generalship miscarried however. Alfred came in one day and found his wife crying. 'What is the matter ?' shouted he as he ran up to her. 'Oh,' Alfred, this cm— cruel letter,' ana the Itele woman fairly broke down. Alfred pounced upon the epistle, which had dropped from his wife's l»p to the floor, and read it with an angry face. He saw Margaret's tender manoeuvre, and with what studied sarcasm her advances had been repelled. And while he totted it into the fire, and poked at it there with his stick as if it were a living thing on which he was re venging himBeif, his wife had flown to the arable, picked up Katy, and was covering her with tears and kisses, intimat ing in a fond, blind way, that that love and those oaresaes were now her little girl'* only portion. ' You'll promise,' cried Alfred, speaking in large capitals, ' that you'll never Again open any commnxdciiion with that hag, that harridan, ihst old, cold, heartless she-dragon! Never write to her, never answer a letter of hers should she write lo you !' and the tender-hearted mother promised that she never would, and from that day th« name of Miss Kate McQuarrie of Hawkeshesd was nnmentioned in the Hagart family. When Aired Hagart was born, Providence, instead of fortune, had given him hope. His home was in tie rising sun. When drenched by the shower, he always taw thesun shining brilliantly in the next fie'd. And so it vas, that finding he could n-.t make sufficient 'money by hiB water colour sketches to keep the pot boiling, he saw in the clearest manner thst a competency could readily be realised if he tu:ned hiB fine genius to the production of patterns for ihe masufactureis of shawls and the printers of dresses. Into (his new occupation lie flung himself with characteristic ardour, and while he encountered greater technical difficul ties than he expected, his exertions were rewarded by a mo del ate amount of success, and finally by a burst of prosperity -which was something more than tucoess. This bunt of prosperity yrt» nothing other than a proposal by one of the mos- eminent manufacturing houses in Greysley, that in consideration of £300 per annum, paid quarterly, he should take up h'l residence in that town and devote himself to the production of patterns under the direcfon of the house, and for its special behoof. On receiving this communication, Alfred Hagart all at once raw his way. He would go to Greysley ; he would produce designs of the mostastonuhing tplendoar and beauty, the business of the house would in crease rapidly, a partnership would be offered him out of sheer gratitude ; he would accept it, wealth would flow in ; on every birthday of his wife he would present her with a precious jewel ; he would have ponies (qr his boy and girl ; he would have a fine house in the country, and lying a-bed in the euvny silence of the April mornings, he would hear from afarfte Cawing of iis own rooks; he would start a carriage, and when Miss Kate McQuarrie ate humble pie and sued for forgineness,— ay, ehe would be too ghtd to make friends mow,— he would «pumheradvanoes, and freeze her with the ecora with which she bad already firosen him. Alfred saw his way very clearly; he broke up his camp in London, and came down to Greysley, where he bent his neck to the yoke for the eake«ot £300 a year and his ex pectations. It need hardly be eaid that these expectations were not realised. The splenoid and elegant designs were produced, of court e ; but thebuBlneseoi' the house did notextend with the fiery rapidity looked fur ; a partnership woe not offered him nor even in any way suggested. On the contrary, Hagart fousd to his disgu t that the house regarded him strictly as its paid servant, and took the liberty of ins racting, dlrest ing. and even remonstrating, several of hie elegant designs the home had not the taste even to appreciate. The house, which was affable enongh generally on its own premises, would pass him -n the sheet without recognition or with the scantiest nod. The wife of the house had never called on Mrs. Hegart ; had never taken the slightest interest in the children. This was hard for a man of genius to endure. Bagart grew restless, ill at ease, cantankerous. One day when the house was sharp -tempered— perhaps it had been kept waiting for its breakfast, or bsd received a letter inti mating loFBes-an explosion took place. There were high words, mutual recriminations, a ripping up of old cores, and the result was that Hagart nobly walked out, shaking: the dust of bis feet agaimtt the house, leaving behind him £300 8-year and his brilliant expectations, which had of late become somewhat shadowy and wan. I have noticed that wives of men of genius— then- hus- bands being generally of uncertain means -have a sordid respect for fixed salaries, and consider that to secure or to retain said fixed salaries their husbtnds should allow their noble and delicate spirits to be fretted and wrung. Jin. Hagart was no exception to the rule. When Alfred came home in a tempo t of pride and rage, with the intelli gence that he had left the (service of the scoundrelly house, end scorned its wretched pittance, I am ashamed to say that bis wife did not catch fire from him and blaze in company. On the contrary, the poor lady -I am afraid there must have been something grovelling in her nature, in sp te of her gteat descent — thought only of her weekly bills, her chil dren's wardrobe, and sat down and cried. And Alfred dried her eyes, even as the reg-1 sun of a morning dries the eyes of the drooping flowerets with a golden handkerchief. ' What's the use of lamenting?' he eaid. ' I hive never heretofore had a chance. Till now, my light has. been burning under the bu*hel of the house. I am a free nan now. The large manufacturing towps of Greysley, Hawkshead, and Spiggleton are eagerly waiting for deiigns of a superior character, and I am now in a 'position to sup ply tho demand. The season is abont to begin, and I'll take the field with the season. I'll make money for you, Meg, more than yon will know what to do with.' ' Alfred Was radiant and confident, and what could a duti ful wife do but dry her eyes, and try and become radiant and confident also ? It vas then that Alfred procured the big bare desk which stood in the big bore room which was part study and work shop, »s already mentioned. Here he painted bis patterns, working herd all day, and occasionally taking a spell at can dlelight. Into this room would his wife steaftwice or thrice a-dey, to fpeak a few encouraging words, and to admire the work which happened to bo in progress. On these ooca sions Alfred would Bay, ' Isn't this fellow coming to hia features, eh ? Yi/U se-- the full effect dawning, don't you. ch ? or if the pattern was .completed he would hold it at ann'e length, look at it sideways, with one eye shut ; this fellow win make Hogg's and Blogg's month water; bat they shan't have it under five pounds, I'll put it in the fire first.' Of course Margaret admired the patterns, whether in pro gress or finithed, and her approval gave lior husband the most genuine satisfaction, when the representative of a manufacturing house paid him a visit. Alfred recjlved him with much dignity and tacitly gave Urn to understood— sometimes told (him join somattv worda— that be might con sider hirruelf a favoured person in being allowed to make a purchase on any terms. This was at first, for as -ye&rs; went pact, Alfred grew more humble, and sometimes was frank enough to admK that ho needed money, and rather than not «ffeet a sale would let a whole lot go cheap. When patterns accumulated on his hands, he would walk across the moors to Spiggleton, hawk them through the manufoctawn there, ?ell them for what they would bring, and walk back next day with what cash he could procure in his pocket. These walks to Spiggleton and book were futtgoing, euthedeolared that be had need -to stretch his legs now and again— that en the whole be preferred walking to travelling by the coach, because be liked to smell the gone, to hear the linnets sing, to watch the plovers sailing over his head, although he could have enjoyed these things almost as much on the top of the coach as on foot. Alfred, you see, ha! his peculiar tastes. ? (Tck tortUnw&.J ? The America* Dbbt.— The New York Bpecial cor respondent of the Times say* : — The long-promised Btatementof the F«deral debt has at length appeared, end the Secretary of the Treasury announces that hereafter the sUtemente will be published every two months. On the 31st of fluty the debt was as follows : — Dole. C. Dob. G. Bearing interest in coin ? l,10B/iC2,641 80 Interest 64,521,837 5« Bearing interest in paper ? 1^8«,-ie,5M S Interest 74,740,68° '« Bearing no Interest 357,8OC,aCS 92 Interest has ceased on ? ? l,Mi,120 9 Total debt ... 2,;s;,ZW,2?5 86 Total i«t. U9,2(i2,4G8 38 Tho number of legal tender notes in circulation is 686,231), 269 dollar* ; currency under 1 dollar, known fractional currency, '25)750)W)0 dollars; amount in Treasury sn the 3 1st July— ooin, 35,338,000 dollars ; paper, 81,402,000 dollars S9. cents— total, U6.739,«32 dollars 59 cents.. \ the I'vei. statement of the debt Was made on the 31st of Hay, and .since that time it has increased about . 122,000,000.. .The amount of legal tenders in -circulation has increased 26,076,700. Since the beginning of last March about 165,000,000 dollars have been paid to the army, and for several days past 'die amount paid from the Treasury has averaged five or six millions daily, and this enormous outlay will continue for eome time to come. Even with this large expenditure, the payments to con tractors arc much delayed, and the amount of claims now outstanding is estimated at 174,000,000 dollars. So straightened has the Treasury been that nearly 80,000,000 dollars of Seven-thirties have been paid out directly to creditors, on condition that they are held four months without being put upon the market. Secretory M'Culloch, however, as he ought, puts a good face upon the matter, and has written a letter in which he says : ' The Treasury is in a comfortable position, and I expect, by concentrating the avail able funds and economising the tax receipts, to meet all obligations without pressure until the meeting of Congress.' What Congress will do, no one can fore tell, but it is reported on all sides that a tremendous eflbrt will be made to add at least 200,000,000 dollars to the amount of currency authorised for the national banks, and to declare all national bank notes legal tenders. The prospect will not be very promising if the latter scheme succeeds. There is a painful rumaur current that the statement of the debt is not correct, and the total amount has been made too small by about 150,000,000 dollars. The difference is made by not adding the whole of the latter subscriptions to the 7'3O loan to the debt, and if the rumour be true, the debt really amounts to over 2,900,000,000. It is to be hoped, however, for the credit of the Secretary, that the rumour is untrue. It is idle to deay that there is a strong feeling in many parts of the country against the national Debt, and it appears to exist in its greatest intensity in the New England States. This opposition has taken a positive form, and in two of those States the Legislatures have assessed heavy taxes upon all persons holding Government loans. In New Hampshire a tax of 2-5 per cent, has been laid on all incomes from Government bonds, and 15 per cent. has been laid in Connecticut. In 'Vermont the issue of the coming town elections turns entirely upon this point, and the people will vote for or against the can didates as they wish the loans to be or not to be taxed. Secretary M'Culloch has decided these taxes illegal. Some of the Eastern journals regard it as a little singular tkat this phase of apposition to the debt should have been first developed in Republican States, and that Wendel Phillips should be among the leaders in the movement. Yet it is eo, and it only illustrates that Xew England, after securing its darling wish, the abolition of slavery, is very anxious by Yankee tricks to avoid paying for it. An Iucbtbioi's. Visitor. — A visitor arrived at the A6tor House yesterday who did not register his name. It was the celebrated Bussian bloodhound Hero, whose personnel and name will be readily recognised by any returned soldiers who during the past two years may have been inmates of Castle Thunder, Eichmond, Virginia. Hero is a huge animal. He is about four feet high, measures seven feet from the nose to the tip of his tail, over forty inches round the chest, weighs one hundred and eighty pounds, and has tusks and strength in due proportion. He has fought several pitched-battles with wild bears, and been victorious ; can eat eighteen pounds of beefsteak at a single sitting; when standing easily drinks from a bowl placed upon a common dining- table, and is under perfect control of his keeper who accompanies him, and who was in charge of the commissary de partment of the castle under the rebel administration. Whenever Hero walks the streets he creates a com motion. He is certainly not the sort of animal one would like to meet in the woods when alone, especially if he bad been recently disappointed in receiving his dinner. — Ketc York Beruld. The Gueat Dbifpino Debate. — At a recent meet ing of the subscribers to the 'Carlisle Infirmary, the foliowme debate took place— The Bishop : Now as to the dripping, Mr. Ferguson : Yes, theremustbesome extraoiding large expenditure somewhere to produce so much dripping (laughter). The Kev. I. Heysham : What is your objection to the dripping; It's a very good thing (laughter). Mr. Ferguson ; There's far too much of It. Dr. LonBdale : It is a sign that there is plenty of good mutton in the house. Mr. Ferguson asked how much per pound they got for the dripping : .Mr. Laver replied sixpence. Mr. Ferguson wished them to sell the fet raw, and then they _could_ get eightpence instead of wasting it by rendering it into dripping, to the danger of setting the bouse on fire. He asked Mr. Laver how much fat there was on a leg ef mutton r Mr. Laver was very indignant at the inquiry, and said he was not a cook ; Mr. Ferguson retorted that he was the secretary, if not a cook, and added that the late Bishop Percy, their former chairman, could have told him directly. He (Mr. F.) recommended to sell the fat in the Taw state to the chandlers. The bishop pointed out that there was evidence in the large sum received for the dripping that the pur chasers had dealt honestly by them, Mr. Ferguson declined to make any motion. A NomvEGiAN Picture.— Mr. Campbell, in his new geological work, 'Frost and Fire,' gives us this pleasant picture : — ' Our Sunday dinner was duck and potatoes. The girls were busy at their toilette by the lake side. They let down masses of magnificent hair, that streamed all about them below their waist, combed and washed it carefully, ana rolled it up with red tape bands, and twisted the rope round their heads. Our boy sat on a stone beside them, laughing and chatting, and splashing their faces. The old landlady, with her queer, white two-homed Sunday cap, sat at tie door reading a big Noree Bible, and peering out over her spectacles at the boys and girls. She, too, enjoyed the -warm sunshine ; and we agreed that Nystuen'was a pleasant place for a Sunday halt on a fine June day.' A Woed on Wios.— ' The invention of periwigs,' writes an old author, ' is of so great use, and Baves men 60 much trouble, that it can never be laid aside. It helps to disguise the thief, to make an ill face tolerable, the tolerable handsome, to ease the lazy of trouble, and to make men their vassals— if women would but wear them.' Time has negatived these authoritative opinions. The reader does not need to be informed that periwigs have been long since dis pensed with, swept away to the limbo of obsolete and worn-out fashions. Here and there, it is true, a peruke still survives, as a sort of specimen of a race hastening to extinction, as a ghost of glory departed for ever. The man of fashion laughs it to scorn, the doctor knows it not, the divine shrinks from it. The most conservative of bishops now-a-days would no more dream of crpwningtiis poll with a 'busby' than of donning a wreath of roses. On the bench and at the bar the wig still prevails, however ; lawyers bo love and cling to precedent the Court will give no audiences ; justice is deaf as well as blind to the counsellor without hiB wig. In the legal tribunal, Us last stronghold, the wig rules with severity— small States arc ever the most despotic ; on the bench and at the bar ; yes, and on the coach-box, for, unaccount able fact, coachmen of distinction still wear wigs ; in this unexpected place outside the carriage the wig Btill governs, sb one sometimes sees a Power possess ing small plots of territore inconveniently situate in the very midBt of a neighbour's land,— Once a The lira regrets to hear that Mr. W. Harrison, the wellknown singer, is seriously ill: H.M.S. Arethusatook fire while testing her rate of speed, at the MapUn Sands. The flames were soon subdued. The Clergyman's Tbmptation.— So merrily and happily, we arrived at Baden, where we found letters from grandmamma, telling us our children were brave and well. It was the finishing stroke to our enjoy ment. We had hard work to keep from dancing as we walked along to the music of the inspiriting bands. Of course we went to the gambling-rooms ; whe does not r if only to hold up his hands in horror of the sins of his neighbours. We watched for some time in silence. At last, I said, 'Nelly, do you know 1 think I could do it ! I see how it is to be done.' ' Do you,' Baid she, not knowing whether to be proud of me or not. 'Yes,' said I, after another pause, during which J had been watching the chances attentively. 'I don't think there could be any harm trying; do you Nell? Just five francs. I would not risk more.' 'But it would be gambling all the same would it not, only with less money f' ' No,' said I,' it would not be gambling. It would be a scientific experiment. YouVe heard of the doctrine of chances, have not you, child :' But all I could eay I could not teach her the difference between gambling and a scientific experiment. She yielded to my wishes, not to my logic. I staked my five. I was light It was a scientific experiment, for Itton. I left the money on the colour. I won again. 'If I go on in this way,' said I to Nell in a whisper, ' we may perhapB be able to get as far as LakeComo.' ' Oh, no X' said she, ' we must not spend it on our own pleasure, but it will help Widow Brown to set tip that shop she is wishing so for.' Again I won. I was surprised at the croupier's calm face ; did he oot sec that I should break the bank ? I looked round the circle of watchers ; no one sympa thised with, my exultation; no one cared about mej; no one but one stout serious Englishman, with round eyes set in a round face, who stared at me through round spectacles. His unwinking looks made me uncomfortable ; it must have been the evil eye, for at that moment I lost my five francs, and all that I had gained. ' It is regular gambling after all,' I «aid to Nell, and we walked away somewhat in a hurry, for the steady stare of the Englishman had made me sud denly ashamed of my position at that' table. X had hardly recovered my equanimity when we sat down at the evening table-d'hute, and both it and my ap petite vanished when I saw the stout, silent, staring man already in his place, which was right opposite to that into which the waiter ushered me. My owl-like friend was all ready for work, holding a knite and l'ork in either hand, at right angles to the table. Hungry and energetic — in eating, at least — he had Boon finished his first plateful, and then he addressed himself to me : ' Often try your luck, Birr' ' No,' said I; and I wondered if I should add, ' Never before to-day.' But I thought this addition might encourage conversation, which a monosyllable would check. Monosyllables may check thin-skinned men, but not my opposite neigh bour. ' Unfortunate to-day, sir. Suppose you hope for better luck to-morrow, eh ?' ' We leave Baden, to-morrow,' said Nelly's sweet dear voice, for she saw my annoyance, and probably thought she could manage the conversation with less show of irritability than 1 could. ' Quite right, ma'am ; quite right. Take him out of temptation, ha, ha ! I honour the wife at home who leads her husband home from the public-house; I henour the wife abroad who takes her husband from the gambling-table. I'm a bachelor, ma'am, and have no kind lady to watch over my morals, ha, ha.' 'Have you finished your dinner r' said 1 to my wife, in a low voice. We had only arrived at the fourth of the thirty-one dishes that followed each other successively, but the good little creature understood the hint, and we soon left the table-d'hote and our terrible friendly neighbour oppo site, who never perceived that his coarse familiarity annoyed us, but who went on to say that he himself always tried his luek, and sometimes won, and some times lost, and also that he was on his way to Swit zerland to meet some friends ; if we had stayed five minutes longer he would have gone into many more particulars, for he 'was one of those men who delight in unbosoming themselves to every listener. ' I have half a mind hot to go to Switzerland,' said I to my wife in a pet, for a man does not like to be mulcted of a live-franc dinner, and moreover my scientific experiment at the roulette table had ended badly. 'Nonsense!' said Nelly, looking up at me with a smile She was down on her knees packing, with all the clothes fresh and crisp from the wash, and with the various books and odds and ends on the floor ; and I thought of the unlucky fisherman in the ' Arabian Nights,' who let the genie out of the vase, and found it not so easy to get him in again, when I looked at the small portmanteau into which all these articles were to be compressed. But Nelly only smiled, and said, 'Nonsense! I know why you don't want to go ; you're afraid of meeting the man from the table-d'hute. Switzerland is large enough for him and you. We shall never see urn again, depend on't.' ' It looks but a small place on the map,' said I, putting the end of my finger down upon it in Bradshaw's map. But I was willing enough to be coaxed out of my spurt of ill-temper ; I contented myself with railing against Englishmen travelling abroad, Nelly brought me up by inquiring slyly whether I was not one of the class myself. And then she began to laugh, and the band began to play, and we were as merry as any children out upon a holiday.— Pall Mall Gazette. SuBHAatKE Cables.— The completion of the At lantic telegraph cable on Monday has led us {Reader; to refer to some valuable statistical tables which Mr. Gisbome has published of the submarine cables now in use. The longest of these, of course, is the Malta and Alexandria, which is 1S35 miles in length. This cable is the first longone which has proved successful. but it is described by Mr. Gisbome as being too slight, and it certainly has proved liable to interruptions. It is the first cable sent out under water in tanks fitted into the cable ships. The first iron-covered cable, now universally used, was the Dover and Calais, which is twenty -Beven miles long, and has been thirteen and a half years in operation,' The first application of pure India-rubber to submarine cables, now very seldom used, was with the short cable of three miles between Keyhaven and Hurst Castle. The first cable in which a strand was used for a conductor is the Newfound-: land and the Cape Breton. That between England and the Isle of Man was the first in which the outer iron wires were protected against the rust by hemp and bitumen. The greatest depth eeems to be reached by the Corfu and Otranto, the fathoms in this case being 300 to 1000. Between Dover and Calais the general depth is -from twenty to thirty fathoms. The first submarine cable ever laid was only a gutta-percha covered wire, between Dover and Calais, and which worked but for one day. Between England and Holland four separate cables, bud at different times, have been so frequently broken by anchors, that they have been picked up, and are now being stranded into one solid cable, which is to run between Belfast and Scotland. The Holyhead and Howth cable worked five years and then tailed, in consequence of the iron wires rusting so as to hinder repairs. A cable between Spezzia and Corsica worked without a second interruption and without costing anything for repairs for ten years, but early last year it broke down. The cause of failure in the case of several cables is not known. Two or three were ' too light for position ; one was laid in a narrow strait in stead of in the open sea; another was 'laid in a bad direction,' continually chafed through by rocks; ?with a third the outer covering of hemp was eaten away by shell-fish, at even 800 fathoms and upwards. In all, twenty-three cables, which were successful for some time, are not now working, excepting in the case of some which have been Telaid with other cables. In nine instances cables failed when being laid down. On the Sardinia and African line the cable ship went out of her course, and the length of cable proved in sufficient. In another instance bad weather came on while the cable vessel was being towed by a steamer, and the cable was cut to save the ship. Tub Queen at her Spinning-wheel. — The Perth Advertiser Btates that, hist winter, her Majesty wa9 pleased to favour Mr. Peter Stewart, spinning-wheel maker, SpittalBeld, Perthshire, with an order for a two-handed spinning-wheel for her Majesty's use. Mr. Stewart has with great care and taste executed her Majesty's order. The wheel was Bent to the Queen before her departure from Balmoral, and her MajcBty was so highly pleased with it that she had it removed to Windsor Castle. A photograph of her Majesty sitting at the spinning- wheel -was also allowed to be taken. The maker has bsen instructed to manufacture another wheel, of home wood, for her Majesty by the autumn. A commercial traveller, named Falls, committed suicide, at a Dublin hotel,.by, taking a strong .dose o]F muriate of morphia. . - ? ?? * ??'-.' Origin or the Malt and Beer Taxes. — The following memoranda may not be uninteresting to many] of our readers : Alehouses were established in this country as early as 721, and are mentioned in the laws of Ina, King oi Wessex. Public-houses were first licensed in 1621, authority being granted for that pur pose to Sir Oiles Montpcssan and Sir Francis Michel, for their own emolument. In 1-543 the number of taverns in London was limited to forty. The malt tax waB established in 1697, incresed in 1760, and newly modelled in 1766. An excise duty on beer and ale was first legally imposed in 1660. The prisoner Currie, who shot Major De Vere at Chatham, has been -visited by his father, to whose re monstrances hi replied that the major did not deserve to live. 