thb kapunda herald. . Friday, August \Qth, 1865. INVALIDITY. We may hope that very shortly the obituary notices will chronicle the demise of that great colonial bugbear, invalidity. Already symptoms of dissolution have set in, and with the arrival of the next Eng lish mail we may expect it to have become lathing- of the past. A measure for the purpose of removing all doubts as to the ^f$lidity of Colonial Abts Had already been passed by both Houses at the date of the date of the departure of the last English mail, and only awaited the royal assent to become the law of the land. By that Act Mr Justice Boothby's rocks whereon he has built his castles of doubt will be swept away, and no possible excuse will remain to him for refusing1 to administer the laws just as he finds them, without looking behind the scenes to ascertain the manner in which such Act was passed, whether it was rightly assented to by the Governor himselfj or whether it should not rather have been reserved for Her Majesty's assent. Ail instructions to Go vernors and proceedings of the Parliament are to be to the Supreme Court a sealed book; all they will have to look to will be to. see that the Act is certified by the proper officer of the Legislature to have been duly passed by. that body and assented to by Her Majesty, or on her behalf by the Governor of the Colony; thus relieving the Judges ofthe Paul Pry character sought by some of them to be made a part and parcel of their office. Discussions not long back occurred as to the legal definition of the term "repug nant." Whilst it was agreed that it Would not do to turn to. an ordinary dic tionary to solve that question, as the lateral meaning might give anything rather than the legal signification of the .word, still there can now no longer any doubt exist as to how iar the word is to be j interpreted With reference to colonial and Imperial Acts—namely, that those colo nial Acts onlyare to be regarded as re pugnant which clash with Imperial Acts, orders, or regulations extending to the colonies, and not otherwise; that is, the laws for the Colony, whether of imperial or local enactment must be harmonious; and no one could possibly desire a more liberal interpretation of the word than this, which as given in the new Act. In future, then, our J udges will not need to drag into the controversy other Acts than those which have a direct bearing on the Co lony, with which alone they will in future have anything to do. Again, the vexed question of the power to constitute Courts for the administration of justice is set at rest, it being enacted by the fifth clause that every colonial legis lature shall have the power to establish, to abolish, or reconstitute Courts of Jus tice, and not alone shall ha ve,butsliall be deemed to have had such power at all times; so that the Local Courts and the Local Courts of Appeals are not only Courts de facto, but also de jure; the only, qualification being that such Courts shall*? be established by Acts passed in due form I according to the recognized rules of the Legislature. The next clause provides that tLe"certi ficate of the recognized officer shall be evidence that such Bill was assented to, or reserved by the Governor on beha'f of the Queen ; and a proclamation in any newspaper, authorized by the Governor, shall be prima Jacie evidence of the as sent, or disallowance by Her Majesty, to sach reserved BilL A further clause specially relates to the enactments of the South Australian Legis lature, and premising that doubts are en tertained as to the validity of such laws, it goes on to enact that all laws passed thereby, which have been assented to by Her Majesty in Council, or by the Go vernor of the said Colony on behalf of Her Majesty, shall be valid from the date of .such assent. This being the case, no doubts can, with any degree of propriety, be again raised with reference either to the power of the Legislature or the validity of its enact ments; and we, therefore, hope that those laws will now be wisely administered by our Supreme Court, without again en deavouring to revivify the almost defunct bogie-Invalidity. It will require a some what lengthened period of careful admi nistration of the laws to re-establish the confidence which was formerly felt in the validity of our Local Courts; of the useful ness of which, however, there have never been any doubts save in the minds of some of those on whose heads the op pressive load of horse-hair seems to have been weighing with unhealthy pres sure. We shall look forward to Mr. Justice Boothby, if he has been impelled hitherto by a conscientious regard to the duties incumbent on him as a Judge to adopt a course by which he has rendered himself unpopular, now that this Imperial Act has changed the aspect of affairs to make the amende honorable by vigorously ear ning out the spirit and letter of the pre sent Act, and to withdraw his interdict on the practice of members of the legal pro fession in the lately so called invalid Courts, Mid graciously allow them to prac tice wheresoever those who have to pay the piper may see fit to employ them. Liberty of thb Press.—Last week we had occasion to report a dinner to Dr. Tallis, at which two toasts were entrusted to Mr. Shannon, whose speeches we re ported, as we believe, very correctly as to the substance of them; and were they not accurate we would gladly have published any corrections if supplied to us. In the same issue of the paper we inserted our new correspondent "Miles's Boy's" weekly letter, in the course of which, remarking on the gossip relative to the aforesaid din tier, he stated that it was hardly wise to impose the task of proposing two of the j principal toasts on one gentleman, as however good a head Mr. Shannon might i have, he had such a shocking bad style of delivery that it required the patience of a j Job to listen to his speeches. This is the ! lan«mage, not of the editorial columns of the° paper, but of a correspondent in a letter, for which we do not hold ourselves responsible. Now, though our corres pondent's meaning might have been ex pressed in milder words, still the idea sought to be conveyed was neither erro neous nor exaggerated. What was the result of this fair criticism on a public speech at a public dinner by a public: man. Whv thiB—that on Saturday after- i noon Mr. Shannon came to our office, and passionately withdrew his subscription because of "scurrilous remarks." Ac cordingly Mr. Shannon has account, and we have lost a subscriber—a loss which while we regret, still one which we hope we shall survive. But, while we are not over anxious with regard to losing a subscriber, still we cannot but took at the principle involved in this action. It is all very well for a person to talk about the liberty of the Press, and to cheer when that toast is proposed, but when that liberty of the Press involves a criticism which, though not at all unfavourable to that person's character as a man. of com mon sense and of uprightness and: honesty, nevertheless states that as a speaker he has no great talent; what becomes of his love of a free Press then. The meaning ol a free Press is, free to criticise favourably, but not in any way to venture on an un favourable expression of opinion. We make no secret of our opinion that Mr. Shannon is a very useful member of society, and that he is looked up to as an authority on matters pertaining- to the agricultural interests, but it does not follow as a matter of course that he is to be re garded as possessing the same facility of j speech as a Townsena, a Grundy, a Button, j or even a Goodfellow. Possibly in many I respects he may be better than these; that I we cannot say, but this we can—"that oratory is not Mr. Shannon's forte, and it is very foolishfor him to be offendedat the passing expression of opinion of an anony mous correspondent^ who only retails ^°We have 'received from die publishers the Jjily number of the "Sunday Magazine." .When we say that it maintains its high itoae and- standard, it will be enoughto indicate that, as a magazine intended prin cipally for Sunday reading, it is all that could be desired, having first-rate articles, also some very good illustrations. On Monday evening Mr. T. H. Clarkson commenced a series of litsrary entertain ments at Ford's New Room. It was to be regretted that he eould not obtain one of the larger and mora central rooms,as his entertainments are deserving of more patronage than they met with; owing partly to the fact not being generally known that Mr. Ford has built a large room, and partly to the fact that that room is rather ont of the way. On Monday the piece recited was Dickens's celebrated " Christmas Carol," which was delivered in a most effective and artistic style, the audience being carried away by Dickens's beautifully word-painted scenes, which were so graphically rendered by Mr. Clarkson. We hardly know how to par ticularize, when all was so good, but we were very highly pleased with the descrip tion of Scrooge's invterview with the ghosts of Christmas past, present, and to come; and with the account of Bob Crot chet^ family Christmas party. On Tues day Mr. Clarkson gave Mr. Buskin's elo quent lecture on Iron, its uses in nature, art, and policy, which was most ably ren dered, and was admirable not alone for the outpouring of beautiful and appropriate language in which it is couched, but also for the many truths it conveys, and the many trams of useful thought it suggests. Mr. Clarkson wound up with two comi cal recitals—one an Irish piece, the other from the Ingoldsby Legends, which sent his audience home full of miith. On Wednesday evening his entertainments consisted of recitations from the works of Dickens, Tennyson, Butler, Shakspeare, Douglas Jerrold, and others, the whole of which were delivered in a most masterly manner. We cannot conclude this notice without saying that Mr. Clarkson has afforded some of the most instructive and vising evenings' entertainments which we have heard here, and we heartily wish him what he certainly deserves—a greater measure of success than has attended his efforts in Kapunda on this occasion. We see by a notice in another column that Mi*. Clarkson has succeeded in obtaining t ie use of Mr. Crase's Room for Saturday, when be will again recite Dickea's Christ mas Carol; and we would bespeak for him a liberal patronage on that occasion. Wjs understand that in consequence of a communication from the Government, the Local Courts will be resumed—our own Court sitting on Monday next as usual, though we suppose it will still have to be got through without the assistance of the gentlemen of the long robe, as we have not heard that Judge Boothby has yet retracted the threat of expungement from the Rolls of those practitioners who plead therein. We ate glad to notice that our Police are exerting t'aemselves to do away with a decided nuisance. We allude to the foul language from the boys which often assail the ears of those waiting for letters at the Post-Office. An information has been laid under the Police Act against one of thftFA juvenile offenders, which will be heard at. the next sitting of the Local Court. Wb would inform our Teaders that tl e first performance of the Kapunda Ama teur Dramatic Society is to take place on Wednesday and Thursday next, the pieces on the programme being, "Time Tries All" and the farce of "fhelris'i Tutor;" which, having been in rehearsal for some time, will, we believe, be given in a very creditable manner. The Society i has gone to a considerable expense in erecting a stage and obtaining first-rate scenery, and we hope it will be favourably patronized. We understand that no tickets of admission will be sold as such, but that the contribution of 5s. per quarter as honorary member entitles such member to two or more tickets, according to tlie^ number of members and the capacity of the room. The Hon. the Commissioner of Public j Works, accompanied by the Colonial l&a; ! gineer, paid a visit on Tuesday -to our i township for the purpose of selecting a ! gite for the new Court House, and of in specting the present Post-Office with a view to determine as to whether it was capable of enlargement. We understand that the present Government acre has been determined on as the site of the new Court House, and that tenders will shortly be invited tor its erection. \- The firing for places in the Intercolo nial Match took place at Kapunda on Wednesday:—Seven rounds at four dis tances, viz., .200, 300, 500, and 600 yards three times over, that is eighty-four shots in ail. The following is a list of the. totalsoores made, Lt. Oldham, 111; Lieut. Kitson, 11?; Corpl. Oldham, 93; Carol. Kelly, 159: Privates-McKay, 129; Driscoll, 158; Warn, 155 ; Capt. Tack field, 126; Corpl. Strawbndge, 146; Privates Ribbeck 150, and Hawke 166. Wb have seen an impression of the Cor poration Seal, which is very well executed, consisting of Captain Bagotfs coat of arms, together with, on each side respectively, the miners' arms, and a wheat-sheaf, circum scribed by the words " Kapunda Corpora tion, Incorporated 1865." ^ One of the most numerously-attended funerals which we have witnessed here passed through our streets on Wednesday \- that of Mr. Thomas Nilan, late of Bagot's Gap, whose death resulted, we understand, from injuries occasioned by a fall from his horse. The running; match towhich we alluded in our lastas havingbeen made between Mr. Marriott and Mr. Haggarty, of Gaw ler, came off on Tuesday, when, to the surprise of our Kapunda runner's friends, Mr. Haggerty accomplished his.fifty yards with his rider on his back whilst Mr. Mar riott had got over eighty-five yards. As we before said, our Gawler friend deserved. ' to win if he could, and he has done so easily. A level match for. 100 yards between the same parties was then made, the result of which was in favour of Mr. Marriott, he beating his opponent by about fifteen yards. A handicap race for die same distance followed, in which there were six entries, all of whom started, Marriott running 100 yards, one running eighty-eight yards, two running ninety yards, and two (die Gawler crack men) ninety-rax yards—Marriott winning, by about three yards the, second in being one \- of the ninety yards men. Before the races commenced an offer was made on the ground io back Marriott for £20 against any one in Gawler, giving three yards ■start out of one hundred. Last night bur old friend Mr. Ashton reappeared amongst us, bringing with him many familiar feces, old favourites of the frequenters of his circus, and some new faces who promise to be no less favourites. _IafactMr. Askton's company consists of a plurality of stars both human and equine, the possession of any one of which would be enough to stamp the fame of his enter tainments. The esteem in which Mr. Ashton's circus is held in Eapunda was folly manifested by the large attencance on both sides of die house. The enter tainments commenced with the feats of the vaulters, headed by our old Mend Mr. Stephens, who, as the climax to his per formances on that department^ turnckl a somersault over die fixed bayonets of*en of die volunteers, who also discharged their rifles whilst he was over them. Next followed the performances of the last par ticular star, Mons. Bird, who put himself in such out of the way positions on horse bade with such grace and ease as to elicit shouts of applause, not unmixed with the cry of "by jingo." In the course of the evening Mr. Samson, who has again re joined the company, went through his performances in the horizontal bar, which were as warmly received as ever ; and Mr. Taylor went through his performances with the revolving pillar, a new act which has been lately added to his performances with the globe, which was equally as sue-: cessful as all his former popular feats; and we are sure that all who were present join with us in heartily congratulating him on having so far recovered from his late serious* illness as to be able again to resume his performances. Mr. Cowle's jokes were as funny and -mirth stirrin^ as ever. Master Callaghau ac quitted himself very creditably in his share of the entertainment ; and the absence of bones in Combo Combo mus*; be a recog nized fact by all who have seen the ease with which he puts his body into all kinds of shapes. Mr. Ashton's celebrated trick ■ horse Black Eagle also went through his performances, which we on a previous oscasion described at length ; and Mons. Bird as the flying maa was something wonderful. Somejoint riding and posturing by Mons. Bird and Mr. Stephens followed, which was succeeded by some comic scenes on horseback, and the whole con cluded with an amusing afterpiece by-the two clowns. Mr. Taylor, in thanking the company for their patronage, announced an entiie change of program me for to night. Mr. Ashton has certainly provided the best entertainment of that class which has hitherto visited Kapnnda, and seems to hesitate at no expense to secure the best classjjof performers—ring-masters, clowns, equestrians, &c.;, and moreover, has shown that it is quite possible to entertain in the. ring' without degenerating into vulgarity. 