THE IMMACULATE LASSES OF LOCH END. I have lived to see many strange things B my day aud generation, aud the longer 1 lire tbe more thoroughly I feel convinced that " queer folks" are to be found in other places besides the " Sh tws. " Str.itbaven made itselfnotoriouc some time ago, on account of tbe "totfeliQu" habits uf its residents; and the "Fife folk" have generally been considered a perculiu people, but how ur wherefore is something more than I c-<n tell ; neither can I give the rander ihe slightest idea bow tbe inhabitants J tbe "Shaws" earned itneir unenviable r-paution. It isoneof those things,*s L ird l>andreaty remarks, that "uo fellah can understand," and therefore 1 shall leave the solution of tlie matter to anybody who happeus to feel inclined. [ have fouud out, however, within the last fendays, that there is a village or clachau not far from the ^-capital of the Highlands," and th», name of it is Lochend. It is called Lichend, I suppose, because it is situated near the end of Lach Ness ; aud, if such is the case, the name, to say the least about it is exceedingly appropriate. But let that pass, as it is neither ths name nor the situation of the village that l*m c >uceriied*alM>ut iu the meantime. 1 h-ive other fisli to fry and sooner 1 set about it the better. Well, to come to the point at once, and hare done 'with the preface, I may state thai; soma tiuie ago, the dead body of a child was hand i' Lick .Ness, and this discovery created the ntamEt consternation in tbe district, aud m-iree-^peawlj iu the village of Incheud. Ttie ebil-i waa ntwl; born when it found a watery grave, and then arose the question. Who was the mother aud the murderer i The body of the little innocent was fouud nut far from Locheui, and this simple fact seems to have turned the heads of all the young women iu the village. They were horrified to think tbat such a criuid should bav^ been c >mmiteU iu the ueighlxiurhood, and apparently every one of tbeuiwas haunted by the horrible idea of being taken for tbe unnatur.*! mother. They kuew the uature of suspici -, and, not beiug exactly, it inay be, in the posiii & of Caes tr's wife, they determined to adopt aggressive measures without delay, so tbey laid tbeir beads together and the thing was done. What (hey did will.be ieroedfrnm the following advertisement, taken from the Inverness Court r of the 8th iustnt, which begins, as the reader will observe'iu the form of a letter to the editor from a clergyman, and ends with a certificate from au Inverness doctor. Here is the precious document:— To the Editor of the Inverness Courier. Dures Free Mause, 7th Feb., I860. SIR,—Two females from L icheod called oa me this night with a view to the publication of the.accoiupaiiyiiigd<>outneutasau advertisement in the Gamier. 1 hereby give my concurrence to ttie foresaid proposaL Have the goodness to send the document to Dr Campbell, that he may insert one or two words which are wanting in his certificate, which must h>ve been hurriedly written. Yours very truly, A. MACPHERSOS. A rumour having been circulated tending to affect the character of the fair sex of Lichend, iu reference to tbe body of a child lately found in Loch Ness, the iubabitauts of the district deemed it expedient to get their character adjusted by Dr Campbell from Iuveruess, who, oa Monday last, met with all the yuuug and unmarried females of the place, in the vestry of the Free Church, aud certified as to their character b-'ing free from reproach. A reward of £5 is hereby uffisred to any party who can give correct information to the Kef. ilr Macphersou, D ires, of any one attributing the perpetration of the crime to any of the females within the botiuds of Lochend. L jcheud, 25th January, 1865. 1 hereby certify tint I have examined a number of young women at Lochend, and ! »ve no reason to believe that any of them have oeen recently confined WM. A. CAMPBELL. Reader, what do you think of the fair sex of L ichend .1. Are. they not an immaculate set of strong-minded females, anxious to stand well in the opinion of tbe world, and able to blow their own trumpets at an amazing rate 1 Tlie body of au infant is found in Loch Ness, consequently-the inhabitants of Lochend deem it " expedient to get their character adjasted. Is it not delightful to see how nicely the effect follows the cause inthis extraordinary case, and bow 'comforting the conclusion must be to the "yonng aud unmarried females of the place. Rumour, it appears, has been tampering with tbeir character, and the scory ssems so probably orpijssible, that a doctor's .certificate ia deemed necessary to free that character from reproves. -Other .females iu other places would have lelt -their reputatiou-to speak for itself, but the lasses Of Lochead are evidently females of veiy little faith. They must get their virtues ticketed ana TSSBeffln «w"«f austakei, and medical oertttiotes for (the puryose ufassuriug the pul>ue tbat they had band lu child-bearing or in cnild-marder 1 Is it not» delightful state ot society that we have exhibited here—pore aua dimple and beyond the reach of vice—for is not the aggregate virtue of this primitive visage enaranteed by the written and printed declaration of a Doctor of Medicine ! Verily, and notwithstanding tbe opinion of Burns, there is something more to be found on the north side of the Grampians than Highland pride, and scab, and hanger. There is the ^ dignity, die determination, and the ** modesty 3 ' of the Imchend lasses, which beats " Bannacher," and he, Flie, or it, was understood to be a match for the de'iL They have proved their. innocence of a great crime by negative evidence, jnstasthe Irishman proved his innocence of horse-stealing by producing half a dozen witnesses ready to Eivear upon the Bible that they never saw him do anything of the kind And then I am so much pleased with the confidence ot these Lochend lasses that I should lit* to know—by return of post—how they look, and whether or n it they speak Gaelic, and wear ringlets of red hair. They have offered the magnificent reward of five pounds sterling to any party who can give information of any one attVihuting the aforesaid crime to any of the females within the bounds of Lochend. That is something like public spirit; and who after this will dare to insinuate anything against the character of snch a constellation, with such a reward hanging over his head, and with such a certificate in their favor going the round of the newspapers t It would be sheer, even- <towii, unmitigated^ madness, and the man who coald think ot doing such a thing deserves to live tbe life of a poor, pitiable bachelor, and to die the death of a mangy car. I am also anxious to become acquainted with the sagacious gentleman who resides in the Free Manse of Dores, and who stamps the Lochend manifesto with his concurrence and approval He thinks that the doctor's certificate in its original state was in want of a -word or two, and I think tb?t his letter has at least half a dozen words too many. Be gave the use of his vestry for a purpose -which was quite unnecessary and uncalled for, and wliich was, atthe game time, degrading toone party and scandalous the whole district. It was altogether * most disgosting affair, and I trust snch an exhibition conld not have taken place in any other part of her Majesty's dominions save in this selfsufficient and fanatical village, just consider the s|>ectac!e of these Lochend damsels being ranged up in the Free Kirk session-house, and each waiting her turn to be handled with more indelicacy and grossness than ever Legree inflicted opon a fair Quadroon in the slave pens of New Orleans or Mobile And then this model clergyman concurred in the ridiculous projioBal of "two females" to make the whole affair public, nnd the consequence is that Lochend has suddenly emerged from its natural obscurity and is now doomed or damned to unenviable notorie'y- That is the feet—the m-lancholy fait— amentit as we may ; and if the ''young a id unmarried females of the little clachan on Loch Ness think that they have removed suspicion, and risen in public estimation, by the publication of their abominable advertisement they are very much mistaken indeed. Any woman; blessed with a fair s ar j of womanly delicacy, modesty, or dignity, would have scorned such ways and means to mnke her virtues known. Assured of her own ini>cence, she would have permitted the officers of justice to hunt up tbe guilty party if they could, and she would have looked on, with a cletr conscience, bnd without saying a single word about hersel£ But the "young and unmarried females of Lochend {I wonder how many of the latter are old maid*) were not content with this. They must npedg get up a sensation scene, and cry out "Oyez ! oyez! Look here!—We are the real Pamelas! We never had children to mnrder, and we never murdered the children of anybody else—for there is the doctor's certifi cate. Charge us with the crime if you dare, and here is a five-pound note to the first informer who will take the trouble to call with his wares at the Free Manse of Dores," O ! Frailty, thy names is Woman J- and thy residence at the present moment is in the neigh- bourhood of the Caledonian Canal!— Oor. of the Glasgow Weekly Herald. How A CHILD SWALLOWED A NAIL, AND HOW IT Gor RID OF N.—A correspondent of the Loudon Daily Telegraph writes:—Upon read tbe account in .the morning papers of the fatal result which, occurred to a gentleman from swallowing a nail, I felt much regret that I had nut, for the benefitofthe public generally, made tbe following case known :—A few years since, the landlady of the house in which 1 was residing informed me, in a state of great alarm, that one of her children,.about four years of age, had swallowed a naiL - She.said she was quite sure of the fact, and that it was an iron nail a< out two inches long. ' She requested my advice as to how to act, and as to. whether she sboiild give the childa dose of castor oiL I told her not to give the child anything to relax tbe bowelB, and, upon reflection, I advised her to in ike the child a hard dumuling for its dinner. As I was quite aware that the case was dansert'Us, 1 .also advised her to c.insult a: medical man. This she did, andjnforuied .metbat be quite agreed with my opinion: and I was pleased to find that she liaj not brought -back .any " mixture," . In the evening she again consulted me as to the child's supper, and £ advised another dumpling,- with as little drink xs pos able. The next morning she informed me that the child had slept well, and had not exhibited any symptomB of hysterics. Upon asking tne what she should give the child for breakfast, she' cculd not refrain from -smiling, "when I advised another hard dumpling. In the "course of the forenoon.bowever, she sniiled more satisfactorily upon entering my room,' at; the . same .time placing before mean, iron spiked nail,abont an inch and a half long, which theChild 'hadpassed without having, shown any consciousness of its presence. I had much difficulty in persuading the mother that I was not connected with the medical profession, but wasjnerely.guidedby.a general koowledgeof the intestinal organs and by common sense. :' • i r-•-•'« AW INTERESTING INCIDENT.—On Sunday afternoou, July 31, tbe sacrament ofbaptism-. was administered u|>on''the stump of one of the' trees of the Mammoth Grove, in Calaveras County. Among the vUitorsattMaintere^ting place at the time were twopf^b^teri&clergy-; ' men, one from Sau _Fraricis<56 and the other from Stockton, who officiated on the occasioo. The proprietor,. with .his. estimable wife, presented their infant and only child, which )n the nmne of theTriiin&GtodrJtuid; by the formgenetally used in the Presb^tl^Chiircferecerved the name of George Speny Graham. * 7The enrcues were solemn. and ,• the ciipauistances peenjiar. That pnssageof the Sacred Scriptures in which our Lord and .Saviour gave tfae command to His disciples tu "Go, teach all®ations -baptizing them in the name oftbe Father, «iid of the Son. and of theHbly Ghost/'"wasread a part of the exercises.' ~ Hard <by4tood «ome ot these wonderful trees as'senrinels, in-solemn siknce, save the " • " 01 heaven^ Am stood, wasnotonl^a^^pMtip^MpfJudea^ out was — Jilao « a ,uvwK lmug KIW growiogtiing when our Lord li-wd uttered the Which WMi seemed to make the a&mi; 'were" theu^feid " earned nanra nance peculiarly to make the aolemn.^ v administration • j n-- MTfcererJwas , . - w j'of ^ihiB v i >1 • v £ms hnk which" ranes oftisne, the very ends of the earth togefner. Whilst, there ^TOj-jbe^^Atsmbious instances „f divine service on tliis veiy-«tiimp wmca will easilyjaocommodate .^100; persons, wis is the offir^t jnstance of- the ^dmipistRabon wt - ^ ^aeoxos^— j3BMneca£^pa Hen is a woman like w-watch WWhenrfie cappednndjewelledL-r - -t „ 