I A HEAL IIIVE GHOST.-"Wo aro indebted to a gen ? ¡tloman, who desires us to conceal his nnmo for thc I present, for tho following romnrkablo story, it havinr. lxien his bona fido experience on tho night of Tuesday last, during- tho provnlonco of tho storm. As he it well known nnd respected for sobriety and -voracity, il must riot bo thought that it was either a drunken hal ! ¿ucination or a barefaced mendacity. He had been engaged until a late hour over sundry ledger accounts (ho is a commercial mnn), nnd il was not until tho clock struck oiw that ho. was reminded that nn anxious wife awaited him, whoso invarinblo and conjugal rulo was never to retire until her husband returned. Closing his ledger, ho locked tho patent safe, and extinguished tho light previous to his making his exit. Ho closed the hack office, and was in tho net of unlocking tho front door to leave, when he bethought himself of a memo- randum which ho had loft bcliind him. Entering tho back ofiico again, ho stood nghast and transfixed nt a Bight which appalled every sense, and rendered tho strong man as helpless, ns a child. There, through a dim, ethereal phosphorescent I haze, scated in tho very chair ho . had just vacated I motionless,, ghastly, melancholy- transparent and ab. sorbed, was a figure, not' of this world, with a face Uko tho facoof.tho dead, and its whole attention scorning]y i devoted to tho ledger, which was open boforo it. Imme- diately behind tho apparition was tho iron-safo, which our informant is positivo in having locked, and this was ahjo.open! -Ho describes his feelings on thc occa- sion tó 'liavb been ' horrible in tlio'ostrcnio, nnd, to uso his own words, English phraseology; dÖ3s not includo language sufficiently impressive to explain tho intonso torture crowded into tho brief spaco or a few minutes. Ho essayed to speak-ho was dumb ; ho endeavoured to turn from thov, apartment, .but he'had rio: power to move; he sought ''to''distractIiis own attention by closing his eyes and shutting out tho. fearful vision, but every nerve and muscle seemed paralysed, and ho was no longer a freo ngont Gradually tho apartment grew intonsoly luminous, and stars and spangles of exceeding beauty ilitted hither and thither, without noise, but r with ' seeming order and regularity. Our friend: says that could tho sccno havo been transferred to tho boards of a theatre, and introduced in some grand spectacular pieco,,itwould liavorealised afortuno for tho happy manager in a very short tune. Dut tho torture of a great fear was upon him, for ho know himself to ba face, to faco iwith some dread prcsonco which had nb affinity with humanity. Tho fight then gradually waned, and tho figure,, which, without an effort, .roso_from_tlio 'chair to a supernatural height, Beemod-gradunlly to becomo absorlied into tho subtlo. clement which formed its atmosphere. .' Our hiformdnt, an athletic man, remembers no more. Tho oxeccding tension of nervo nud senso could 'bear no more, and ho sank insensible to tho floor. , Upon returning to con- sciousness, ho found tho merry morning sunlight flood- ing the apartment-everything in its placo and order ns ho had left it-eafo lockod and ledger closed, but tho clock-an çight- day clock, which had boen wound up tho previous ihorning--had Btopped nt tho hour of ono ! Thc story is a strango one, nnd to some of our renders may appear incredible, but wo have tho fullest reliance in tho honour: and soribuB voracity of tho narrator. "There aro moro things in heaven and earth than aro dreamt of in. our philosophy."--Northern Argus, Eobruary 4. . MELANCHOLY 'ACCIDENT AT TIIE GREAT BAIHUEIU A melancholy gun occident occurred nt tho Groat Barrier Island on Tuesday lost l"t nppcnrs two men ? Btarted on nn excursion across tho country, inking their j gunB with timm, for tho purposo of having somo sport on tho journey. ? Tlioy lost their way in tho wood, nnd found themselves on tho summit of a rango, from wheneo thoy percoived threo cross-roads. On reaching ! this pince, Both of them were still unable to decido which .turn to. toko, and ono was deputed to malro a further search, whilo tho other rested on tho spot. Bio hod not hoon'gone long boforo ho heard tho report of a gun, but took no notico of it, thinking bia companion was firing nt something, On his return, howovof, ho WOB horror-struck to lind him prostrato on tho ground, bleeding profuBoly from wounds in tho foco and hoad, and ni most insensible. As well as ho could spook, ho acquainted his companion with tho circnmstnncoB of tho nccidont,. tolling him thnt os ho took up tho gun from tho ground tho trigger caught, nud, tho muzzlo being pointed towards'his foco, tho result was BS seen.. Tho chargo hod first struck tho right side of tho upper lip, urid torn it away, carrying with it tho right nostril, nnd shattering tho templo BO much as to carry away somo o£ tho bono and lcavo tho brain, os posed, ¿Eyory osais tonco waa rendered that waa possible and tho hoad ; arid face .woW.bandaged up* hy Mr. Turnor, surgeon',' and tho wounded roan was brought by tho Swallow, sohooner.'to" Auckland, whoso.depar- ture' waa hurried on account of tho'urgonoy of tlio case. Tho Into aorgcahtrraajor pf police (Mr. Smith) received information of his arrival, and1 at ohco got tho miffcrer removed to ? tho Pxovinical Hospital, whore ho was attended by, /Dr. ' Philadh;; and Mr. Fisher, tho houso surgeon, who entertain no hopoÉ of his re- covery, owing' to' ' tho ' aggravated nature ot tho wounds. Evory. attention was -paid to tho wounded man at tho Barrier, by Mr. Turner, surgeon to tho copper mines there, who was iii'tho neighbourhood of tho placo where tho accident occurred, at tho time. Tho unfortunate man's hamo is Archibald Johnson, and ho was formerly a merchant in Glasgow. Ho como to tliia colony in'tho brig Annio Laurie, and. waa brother in-law of Captain Reid, of that vessel. Ho hod boon in tlioomploy of Mr. Hardingi'ot tho Great Barrier, for eonio months past' -At a later hour, in tho evening wo were informed that tho poor follow lingered until four o'clock in tho afternoon, when ho breathed his lost, although every effort was made by Dr.- 1'hilson and tho house surgeon to savo his life. Í A medical examination will bo made, and an inquest hold on tho body, at tho Provincial Hospital, boforo Dr. . Stratford, ot ll o'clock tliia morning.-Southern Cross, February 7. 