A NEW VERSION OF VALENTINE AND ORSON. (By our lTWil Dueck Conribnutor.) .AsrtaaLrra is a country of incongruities and oppo sies; at every corner we meet an oddity-birds. beasts, and fishes-men. women, and children. The .aky above, the earth below, all possess their distin guishing traits of difference from those we were ac Scustomed to meet and scan in our homes afar. This is the aspeet of the past-Australia can boast of no recollections-ailinceis its history. No relics of mighty races passed away, no ruins whereon to build a tale, ani no tombs of departed heroes to teach a moraL All these loom in the dim anddis tant future. The epitaph of the doomed race now passing away from our midst may be shortly written. They ate, and drank. andlired and died, beqeath ing to us, the strangers whohaveseized on their in __heritnaee, not a tradition to embalm their memory, not a spirit to people their glens, not a fairy to dance in the moonlight, or a giant to dwell on the mountain. A nondescript demon, the natural off spring aot fear,.is their only legacy, neither have we hitherto imported any of these contraband spirits into our circle, or at least-their presence has not yet been made manifist. Not a ghost has crossed the line JIlook upon ' Peppers," as merely imaginary ones. and his objects such as can be easily seen through.) Not awitch (I mean of the tue broom srick breed) has ever been seen flitting across the blue sky, and as for magicians, were it not for Jancobs and a few itinerant pretenders. we shodld deem the race extinct. A iaunted house cannot be found in the colonies, and, however great might be the demand, an ounce of romance could not be pro cured from the shores of Hobson's Bay to the banks of Cooper's Creek. Imacination, which formerly pryed into the care of a goblin. or the marble halls of a magicisan. now contents itself with a visit to the Temple of Pluto. One peep into his treasury is worth more than all the flights of fanny, and the acme of happiness is to he gifted with an auriferous tongue. Unlike the knights of old, Austranlian knights give. battlIe only with their tongues, and witness combats of words whilst peacefully reclining in a 'speaker's" chair. From such a mass of mono tonyit is ditfficueit for a tyro to eliminate malleable materials for a tale, and all efforts hitherto made bave resulted only in disjointed and unconnected sketches. The foundation of Australian literature is yet to be made- Let us hope the superstructure will not be built upon sillany, The entire brigade of bashrangers is already monopolised. Each novel having any reference to Australia, takes its quota. Introduce a troop of these worthies, some recol lections of detectives, with a few horrible et ceteras, and a sensation novnrel, fit for the homemarket, could easilybe compiled; but itwould be very poor pabn Inm ion which to feed the rising geniuses of young Australia flow different is the old world. There, every tower has its legend, and every crumbling old man sionits tale. Every churchyard is a rendevoreaus for inquisitive phantoms, and every old oak tree o'er shadows a fairy ring. A story is told by a leaf of ivy, and three volumes may be written on the re mains of a b ick A benighted geologist tells by the taste of the earth the locality ha is wandering in, rand an antiquarian pours forth floods of elo quence onan atome of brass. EZch mountain is the hereditary property ofsome demon, and the banks of each river and stream are lined with seduterive nymphs, who entice unwary mortals of the masca line gender to their coral dwellings below. Its his tory is a perfect mine of treasure.: Without.tra ersing the classical fields of Greece and Italy, or soazin with old Homer to the heights of Olympus, let s just give aglance at thelsle BritanniacLims as hr own An eruditehistorian, and probably the..first who compiled its history. informs us we are descended from ' Brutus, the grandson of Auess the Trojan. 'Eaess, succumbing to fate, went forth from the rains of Troy in search of a new home, just calling at Carthage on his way, and repaying the ostpi tality of Dide with the basest iagratitude. Alter gnia her aEeetions, he, taking advantage of a montghb night, hoisted his sail, and left her to her sad f ections. In rain she stood "upon the wild sea banks, waving her lower to come again to Car A1,ge he coauln'; see it, but went or his wa- re jocin, whils` she, neglecting the usual re oarces of women inm such crtamstances,returned in silence to her place, for as Hook very poperly observes, she was Di-do--dum. The same historian givesus minsoeparticnlarsof vandry oecane-.ces that took place in the days of King Arthur and the knights cf the Bound Table. In our days 'e- often hear of giant undertaking , giant monopolies,and gigantic swindits. To the iound Table monarch- such operations were every day affairs. Those were the days, when the giants flourished their clubs; but Arthtr grieved that a peaceful community should be pillaged and plun deredby individuals of this stamp, who really were, if the truth must be told, no better than a set of bushrangers, set to work and extirpated them, One of them. of the name of Ritho. a saginary wrestcb, ..whafouruished himself with clothes from the beanrs of the knights he had slain, gave him, however, a _great deal of trouble. They had many indecisive combats, but at last the King succeeded in reducing the attitude of Ritho by a HEAD. What rich associations are connected with the days of the Crusaders. See 'Peter the Hermit," rushing forth barefootted from his cell, and startling the nations of Europe with the burning eloquence of a fanatic. See knights donning their armour. barons gathering their retainers, princes hoisting their banners and kings leading the van of innu- merable multitudes, hot with enthusiasm, and ready to give their lives to wrest the sacred soil of Judea from the grip of the Moslem. Note the actions of Tancred and Godfrey, of Richard, the Lion. and we shall find something ennobling in the idea which sent forth these kings and princes to battle. But one lesson, conveyed by a Moslem, transcends any truth made palpable by the actions of our Christian ancestors. See the mighty Saladin on his death bed giving instructions to his wreeping servants "Let a sheet enshroud my remains, and carry them through the streets of Damascus-- proclaiming be fore then, " Behold all that remains of the mighty Saladin !' What a lesson on the vanity of human greatness ! Such, and similar, then are the mate rials floating about in the storehouses of Europe for \- the compilation of a tale, independent of the varied phases of character and society. The novelist may find his cue, and the teacher of truths his example these are denied him in Australia, for under every hat, cabbage-tree or beaver, the lineaments of one master passion are distinctly marked, and Gain is its name Entertaining such sentiments, then, and bing in want of a hero. I was undeded wihe'her I should rassuck antiquity for im. wade throngh history. I .rtter a palace, or look into a cottage. But I was Foed -y the conrideration, that the presence of a \- ro necessitated the presentation ofa heroine also, f',r after the troubles, trials, and vicissitudes of for tone I in:ends hin to undergo. I could do no less ttan all the orthidor retailers of :tiotn do-recom \- pee * ire in the end with the lore of some e=cod sugly vietnuns. esacxtoriniary thntiful. and note sis'ingly nealthr young lady. An intinnate friend, one Brown, at test I derided on as the hero elect; -jnd I exp!ained to him my intention, and that if he w-suld but stEp on the platfirm, and allw me to in troduce him to the public, snd erpat are a little on is merits and demerits, I would land him in the end triumphantly at the altar of some village chsrcl,. tie the knot by the bonds of some rubicutd hiih'op, and, amidst thn congratulstions of a whole cointn, whisk him a:say by the aid of four pasters to tite sen side. and from therce to the continent, sith his Lioy-love by his side in an ecstasy of joy; but the answer I received was, " N, I m d---d if I do." After this rchstf, I find Ihare no other op tion than to proied in the path I originally chalked out, and ah:ell he compelled to introduce to yoirno. tice the indiniduals alluded to in my title-page, al thougs I empliasilely declare and protest that till elsis minute I had forgotten their very existessce. Bun to muhe amends for the proiliity anddigressions in this nnmhcr, I promise the reader there shall be gterrtlfc cmssat in the next. I have giv n orders to the ovxton to chume their bones ,and Valentine shall stan-I brf're you clothed in the self-same ar mnur he wore at the Court of King (Oar) Popin. and Orson at this very moment is in a neighbnong forest trimming a clsb. (2's he Cont~isued.) 