PARLIAMENT OF VICTORIA. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday, 31st' Januaky. Be President took the chnir nt a quarter past 4, aud read the usual form of prayer. iprnnvnta-rrnw iitt.t- The PRESIDENT stated that his Excellency the Governor had that day given lii3 assent to the Appropriation Dills for L560,000 ior the service of 18G4 aud 1805. notice of motion. Mr. A'BECKETT gave notice that, on Tuesday next, he would move, "That in the opinion of this IIousc it is desirable that the several electoral proviuces of Victoria bo nltcred, so as to provide or n more eipml distribution of the elective fran chise, and that the number of members of the Legislative Council he incrensed ; that two new electoral provinces ho constituted, to ho called respectively the Nortli Eastern I'roviisufranil the South Eastern Province, anil tlint such provinces be forrc, so) as to include therein North and »uthU „ , Land, and tlint sucli two provinces relurs i - dye members _ to the Council ; that dier the constitution of such new provinces the Miulnrics of the existing provinces be altered with duo regard to the population thereof and the iptcial interests of such population." petitions. Mr. FRASEIt said ho hnd been requested by Mr. Lachlnu M'Lnuchlan to present a petition with reference to the disposal of the public lauds t)f the colony. In presenting the petition ho (Sir.' Praser) begged to say that lie did not agree with h prayer. The petition was referred to n committee of the thole lipon the bill. Mr. HULL presented a petition signed by Mtssis, Dnllfinore, Clougb, Hugh' Glass, nnd other pastoral tenants of the Crown, asking per mission Is he henrd by counsel at the bar of the House, and praying that so much of the 48th muse of the Land Act Amendment Bill as ro- Brrod to vested rights might be struck out. T ie petition was referred to the committee on he hill. ,, papers. ' ' Mr. IIERVEY' laid on the table the following 'flpcrs t— A copy of a circulnr despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, referring to tlic operation of certain colonial nets having relcretiee to banking institutions ;' tin Order in wuneii referring to mining in the Sandhurst wnet ; and a regulation as to the keeping of public accounts. 1 " committee. i he ontli was administered to -the momboin— in uumlier— of tlie Elections nnd Qnalificn- tof lfilm ltS filst mcctinB Avcd for next > u r RAr'T' ov TIIE house. faimU ,i. ? si'10 IIouse was made, wlien it was Sin cssra- W- J T- Clarke, Black, nnd £ , Wtre n «eut. Mr. Clarke and Mr. . subsequently put in mi appearance. committee. PHmln A /'" brought up the report of tlic ou the laSe""" ' " WnS cre t0 la'(1 Mrlli'livTjv1 act amendment hill. billniiltiii a , moved the second vending of a anil Periivt re" Act 10 Alter the Qualification the OinltH,.nC v're of Memliei-s, and to Alter Council' n0n 0 Electors of the Legislative yeartlie'lmn w rt,V etl House that last a hill to ,li , , Vraser had proposed to bring in was h o .the same matter; hut if la Ms On""1' . ' it sllould 1,0 brought with the liPoT""0?' t,1I1"asui-e, aud this together oent of SP'3 tlle,S(!SSion led to a postpone- 5 til 1 " .tUo matter- Hm'i'ig the. ""Hie !? , l1,ccn carefully considered, lion of ilin if i the Mil for tlio considcrn- CS. , I0?8-. proceeded lo review U.c of Uieco',,,'- - ll!l''taken place in the condition Act, nnd"of,,!i''i J1® Rassint? Uw Constitution changes inlci1 the fact that while groat "on rcm?i Dlrcc.ted iu 1,10 Assembly, that killwm S"" ' J,15 o'lSmally constituted. Tlie harmony , I knng the House mure into hmi. L.r h !''C Constitution Act. All that thel «'l wouU> 1|C thouglit, admit alterations ioL m'"e, reason for the proposed- lrast 50 ncr l o!PC' if , <lePrecinteil in value nt Hon ofii|Lh.,' A rcduelion of the qualitica- At present oudn'iden the field of selection. Rouse was nni ur. ''ciag a member of that a'WbutoMe m Ucn,'!y, so"ght for, and this was required. It.J. M l "Kh property qunlifiention eaiioiireihicwl n,, I ic ket'er to lmvo the qunlifi- tu tee it rrn n ', "d ."l0 honour sought nftor, thnn When ''A nftesi"B a3 Rt Present. (Voices : k'ttllehtost w,„i i :scat .w(!re obtained without khe/'atiijii n„L' . on- ,I.A Voice : " That's n mis- At tlie la=t i!'' 'ea,v' f1'0111 Mr. EAWKNEn.) S" '» get cnmpSDf .electio" it was (lilli- 'frrURi.j . u . hfv to eomo fonvnrd. (Mr. Sne") llerofooM ike scats were contested but "j, Tnsniniili . , >J' Practice of South Aus- trt»f«ie meas,,"t N.cw So" 'k Wales in spp- electorate ), t,Proscnt there was not a the infiucncc 1Iouse did not command ? tMngs. aw ' ,11 .would Hndcr » n"w order «1us (vhicli men l nH?, rclnted to the period l'UirteChi Z 1"Bht ,oW a.ldr 9ts, re- U'JJS was done i?,. !101. one-lmlf; in fact, evcry- ! fi Mid cvcn- thin V<s,i (Jlr' I'AwiNElf: 8 !;') As tlic tml! "? L3 R'y.kalf done." Lnugli- I Sears, it r service in the Assembly was 1 "mc l £ "rekt that the term in l.would' Xuld s'x. These nltcra- ha"0 tvilh The -i 9onstitulion Act har- the win of n?ctjIcndit,on of "ki"'"- JainVtof. ;IU L the House to increase the I lift0 it He, ? ' inftcmI of30, lie should I S' « tlic hilt ' lc"r-) !» conclusion, lie | h the CbnidtiitionJ. "att<""1"; t0 " Uuker Mr. .1 LNN FeU ?t'Ct)iKlod tin; motion, and hoped tlint those who were favourable to velbrtu wouhi support the bill. He referred to the altered con dition of the colony the reduction in tlie popu lation, and the necessity for the alterations proposed in order to give the House its true position with tlie country. But he feared that the hill if passed could not become lnw, as it would have to ho referred to the Imperial Government, and, as some members who had inchoate rights might resist it, tlie question would ho virtually shelved. He was, therefore, inclined to increase tlie provinces from six to nine, and so secure a larger number of members. Mr. MURl'H Y said tlint the hill did not con tain a provision for increasing the number of members, or for subdividing the provine.es; he should, therefore, oppose it, as it was insuilieieut to carry out the views of the country. He would not. tamper with the Constitution Act unless a hill could lie passed which would sntisly the House and the country. Mr. HULL referred nt considerable length to a hustings speech made by a member of the Ministry, ill which thnt House nnd its members were referred to in what lie (Mr. Hull) considered highly improper terms, lie should oppose the motion on various grounds, nnd lie felt justified ill doing so by the experience of other countries, and tlic opinions of eminent statesmen, including Earl Grey, who had recently said, referring to this colony, " 1 nin convinced that tlic changes in your constitution have, invariably produced evil re sults.'? . As to the alleged depreciation in tlie value of property, lie hold that the vnlue of property was everywliere rising. It was evident tlie people did not want reform ; for where were their petitions? He had not seen one. (Mr. Hkhvey : " The elections.") He could only say tlint tlie Central Province had returned him, although he distinctly said he was opposed to reform of Hint House. Mr. LOWE said lie should support the bill. Mr.- FELLOW'S, opposed Jiic motion, as" no case hnd.bccn made out to show the necessity for such a measure. It was idle to talk of bringing tlint House into " harmony with the constitu tion," or " harmony with tlie Assembly." If thnt House was only to be an echo of the other, what would be the use of the two Chambers? It had been nlleged tlint the IIouso was " obstructive to all legislation." He reviewed the history of the various measures which hnd bean passed ty tlint House, and showed that the Council had not been " obstructive." There hnd been, in fact, as much -"'harmony" ns was desirable; -nay, more, especially with reference to the introduction of muiiliooil suffrage. AVitli 'respect to tlic various land bills, the reduction of tlic gold duty, the establishment of a mint, State-aid to religion, and other matters, the Council lind not Ijcen ob structive, but had passed measures. It was for the electors to secure the reform of the House liy returning members who would represent public opinion. It wns entirely unintelligible to liini why this attempt at reform was mnuc. .' Mr. A'DECICETT said lie should support the bill so far as it related to tlie reduction of tlio qualification of members nnd electors, but not us to tlio reduction of the term of office. IIo thought that other species of property— such ' as railway shares, Govenment Debentures, bank shares, nnd mortgages on real property — should be allowed to contribute to tlic qualification, lie wns iu favour of an increase of tlie number of provinces nnd of members, so as to secure the representation of Gipps Land and other newly settled districts,- such as Eehucn. It was highly desirable that the representation should be re- ' adjusted. Mr. COLE said ho should opposo the bill, as lie did not think it was called ior. He thouglit the House should stand for the privileges it pos sessed under the Constitution Act. If the bill passed, they would bo in this position, that if a bill was sent down to th.it House they were bound to pass it. He thought they wero to blame for allowing a Minister of tlie Crown, to say that if tlie bill did not pass the Ministry would go out. But let them go out ; there were plenty of men to fill their jilnccs. lie pointed out tlic 5th clauso, which provided tlint any false declaration of quali fication should be a misdemeanour, as being a very objectionable one. (Mr. Miller : " It is in the old law.") IIo considered that in that matter they would be left to tlio tender mercies of tlie Attorney-General, who might value their property nt much less than 'its worth, when they would find themselves in gaol. Mr. ERASER considered tlie measure was one which ought to have been brought forward, and should be passed. lie would support a reduction of tlic qualification of members nnd voters, but would go no further. If they looked to the lute elections tiiey would find that every member was returned pledged to support a measure for the recoustitutiou.of that House, while some of the late members were now out of the House because of their opposition to tliis measure. (" No, no.") He said " yes," nnd " yes" again, anil was pre pared to prove it. (Cries of "Name.") He named Dr. Hope for one; and. Mr. Power for another. The members in their room came in pledged to support tlie measure. (Hear, hear.) They were present, nnd could prove it. With reference to the arguments of tlie hon. Mr. Fellows, lie said they went to prove that the House was not obstructive, and tlicy proved it very fully (hear, hear) ; hut lie showed no reason wiiy the hill should not pass. (Hear.) He went on to say that if hon. members opposed tlio bill lie Ilid not think they would be returned when their time expired. (" Oil, oil.") IIo was sure that the voice of the country called for a change in the qualification of members and electors. (An lion. Member : " Whore are. the petitions ?") He did not think tlie House received petitions on most questions. (An hon. Member: "The Land Bill.") The Land Dili was now before them, and he saw no petitions about it. If the people outside hnd been aware that any petitions would have been received there would have been pctititions upon petitions. He referred to his resolution of the 3rd of May last, and concluded with a iiopc thnt the House would allow tlio bill to pass into committee, when modifications might be proposed. Mr. BE A II intended to vote for .the hill. He would support the reduction of the qunlifiention of the members and. electors, as it was called for by the reduction in-tlio value of property ; but the reduction of the tenure he should mnke n decided stand against, as it should not be touched upon at all." As the House was supposed to i-cnrc-scnt" the moneyed classes, there should he a sliding scale of voting as follows — LOO, one vote ; M00, two or more. (Mr: Fawkneii : " Oh, Oil.") It had been found to work well in tlic Municipal Act.. lie had spoken to many members, arid tiiey hnd given their adhesion to it. He should vote for the kill, hut reserve to himself the right to amend in committee, Mr. STRAGHAN should oppose the bill, as ho considered mi case linil been made out for altering the constitution or the IIousc. He denied thnt the House was obstructive ; in fuel, t he people of the country in many cases hnd to be thnnkful that they hnd an Upper House. Where such an over whelming democracy was introduced into the Lower House n check wns needed. lie considered well should be let nlonc. lie denied that Mr. Hope was turned out because lie opposed tlic measure, hut because lie wns too high-minded to give way in his convictions on the Protection question. Tlie mere qualification would.not, he contended, hind people to tlic country. It would he tlie salvation of the country, if they could have men bound hand nnd soul to it. Poisons desirous of election might buy a 'qualification. (Mr. A'Bkckett : " They must linvc it n yenr' before hand.") Well, that could lie got over. He con tended land was worth more thnn formerly. The number of voters for that House was reduced from 18,000 to 8000, but the number who netuiilly voted was greater lately than it hnd been. He saw no feature in the hill tlint would lend him to vote fur its passing into committee. It had been said that it might cost him Ills scat if lie opposed it, hut tlint was Tils look out, aud lie hoped that a better man would be elected. Mr. M'CREA would support the second reading of tlic bill. lie lind advocated tlic principles of the bill when before Ills constituents on three grounds, viz., the depreciation in the value of property, tlic irresponsibility of the House, and tlie desirability of assimilating somewlint both branches of the Legislature. He " held those opinions still, lie did not think tlint electors should be deprived ol' their franchise because of the depreciation in tlio .value oi their property. Were they not as conservative as hi 1856, and had they not as great an interest in the country as then. ' With regard to Ills second reason, lie considered thnt that House was more irresponsible than any legislative body ill tlic world. If tlie Governor in Council bail bail the power to nominate new members in cases of emergency the House would not buvo boon so obstructive ns lie contended it hnd boon, notwithstanding what the lion. Mr. Fellows lind said. The House wns not under the control of public opinion, and that was tlio reason why there was so little harmony between the two Houses, lie contended the 'House hail been obstructive in throwing out the Ilninos Land Bill, and similarly treating the Mint Bill on two occasions. Ho hoped for the chnracter of the House that tlio members would: allow the bill to pass, aud provision to be made for an increase of mem bers. That and tlic small number of voters was one reason why the House possessed so little of tlic public confidence. Let the electoral basis expand with tlie increase of population. It would not take away from the conservative, character of the House. Mr. SLADEN would oppose tlie hill. Tlio question of tlie irresponsibility of tlie IIouso was met by a remark mmlo tlint night ns to the recep tion members would have on goiug hack to their coristitutents. Willi regard to the depreciation of property lie thought the argument had not so much weight ns nt first appeared. No inconve nience had resulted from that, as it was found that the number of voters was larger now thnn formerly. He thought few people would admit that _ n broader basis of representation was required, for tlint was continually increasing. Rnllier flinn see tlie qualification reduced lie would see it increased, because it was a guUrnntca that tlie House would not be inundated by mere adventurers or political -professors. It would Imve a conservative tendency. He hoped thnt in tlie future — be did not speak of the present — generation wealth would be combined with superior education. The House should not be governed, by tlic vox popuii, but should rather eorreet nay downward tendency. Tlie- reduction of tlic tenure from 10 to five years would detract from tlutl position. One argument for tlie change was public opinion, but although that wits u good thing, yet tlio House' should guard against con fusing it with popular excitement, such as that nt the last elections. (Hear, hear.) lie attributed much of that to the warm appeal made by mem bers of the Ministry to their constituencies in connection with the Land Bill, lie considered t here had been no expression of opinion iVom many of rite constitucnoies of that House other thnn which they could not receive. Failing that he thought it would he oHicioiisncss on their part ta make alterations intheconstiturion of thnt House. It would, moreover, only pave, the way ibr further concessions until tiiey "woulil become the ghost of tlic Assembly, nuil their value as a second Chamber would bo goiic. He thouglit it wns more important tiian any hill before Parliament; tlie Land Bill was nothing to it. Upon those grounds lie thouglit tlie House should resist the bill. . Mr. FAWKNER wns afraid the IIouso. were going to inflict an injury upon themselves. The measure was a half-and-half one. He accused tlio lion, member hringiug in the bill of having brought In "bills which were "shams." Mr. IIERVEY nskeil tlio President to'protcct him from such remarks. Mr. FAWKNEtt proceeded. He did not con sider the whole sense of tlic colony was concen trated in those who possessed L3000. Some mem bers did not say so, and indeed did not speak nt nil; and on the principle that Bilencc was a proof of wisdom they were wise men. He then alluded to iris rejection tor the olfico as Cliairmnn of Com mittees ou the ground thnt he was not able to attend to bis duties, and tlio election of AH". YVllklo ho supposed on the ground that ho was of no use. With reference to the bill itself, he did not think tlint I/, 000 was the proper -qualification, and lie had expressed himself on a previous occasion to the effect that it should bo reduced. But he was not iu favour. of n re duction of the qualification of electors. The diminution in tlic number of tlic latter lie con tended' wiis due to their negligence in not regis tering themselves. It was necessary to liavo some fresh blood in tlie IIousc— members that would do something, aHd who hail not entered Parlia ment for the sake of writing M.L.C. after their names. lie concluded by referring to the maimer in which Mr. Miller had gained liis re-election. He should vote for the second reading, but re serve the fight to amend in committee, if it ever reached thnt stage. Sir. M I LLEU, as alluded to by tlio lion, member who had just sat down, felt flint licsliould refer to tlie circumstances ot his re- election to thnt honourable body, although as that lion, member spokcof others besides hiinsclfhc supposed licsliould not take any objection to that hon. gentleman's eccentricities. At tlie Inst election many of the members bad inistnken.nnd underrated the opinion of the masses of tlm people, who had a purpose that they determined to carry out. But when tlio Legislature gave universal suffrage tlicy ought to hnvo known the consequences. It wiis now too Into to draw hack. He felt the force of the popular opinion. The issue put to the members, then, was whether they woulil consent to a reform of the Legislative Council iu certain points. But lic_ would mention that one of these points, viz., the increase. of members, was not in corporated ill tlie present bill. In consequence of tlint issue, Mr. Power, Air. Robertson, Air. Pin- nock, anil "Dr. Hope . were, defeated, and the sendees of four of the very best members of that House were ostracised by the democratic power that had risen up in tlie country, very much be learcd to its detriment. The question wns whether lie would be best serving the countrv by submitting to public opinion. It would be observed lunv that popular excitement had been originated by tho Government. He thought tlio present Alinistry, while rather unscrupulous, would lie one of tin strongest Alinishries svliich this country hnd "over seen. (Air. Jenner : " Alore power to them.") Yes, moro power to tlieni if thev use their power pro perly, but not if tlicy would infringe the rights of property, and ruin tlie commerce of tlio colony, lie hoped the motion would he carried, as the passage of the bill would be in necordnnco with tho unmistakable expression of public opinion. IIo was in favour of reducing the qualification of members nnd the term of office one-lmlf, and would iimrcase.tlic number of members by at least 10. The hill as presented was in a very crude state, and would require material alteration, which could he made in committee. He appealed to thoso.who wore opposed to ultra democracy to bestir themselves, and to exercise their rights. Mr. CAAll'BELL challenged hon. members to show that there was any necessity for, ornuy demand from tlie country, ior tlie proposed changes. J f hop. members pnssctl this bill tiiey would lie sacri ficing the rights of the propertied classes which were committed to their trust. Tho reduction of tlio qualification for members would not im prove tlie character of the House. It liad been said thnt there was a lack of candidates. In tlic province which lie represented, iii 1856 "there wore eight candidates for six seats, nnd tlic number of votes polled wns G!)2 ; nt tlie last election there wero three candidates for one seat, and 161)3 votes were polled. These facts did not hoar out tlie statement alluded to. AH. STRACHAN having made a personal explanation as to some remarks which an hon. member took exception lo, Tlie question was put, nnd the House divided. Tiie following is the division list : — Contents (14). — Arcssrs. Hcrvoy, A'Beckett, Yi'ilkio, Lowe, l'ettitf, Fawkncr, Al'Crne, J. llenty, Jiiller, Bear, Fitzgerald, Murphy, Eraser, nnd Jenner. Non-contents (14). -Messrs. Camp bell, Williams, Cole, Hull, Strnehnn, Iligliett, Degrnvas, Fellows, S. G. I-Icnty, Clarke, Mitchell, Slndcn, Taylor, and Black. The PRESIDENT gave his vote with the con tents, hut as the motion wiis not carried liy an absolute majority the bill was lost, and tho IIousc proceeded to the next order of "tlio liny. c1iawtajile institutions bill. The second reading of tills bill was postponed for a week. land act amendment bill. The second rending of this hill wns, oil tlie motion of Mr. Hkryk y, postponed till next day. Tho House rose nt Imlf-pnst 0, adjourning till next (this) day nt-4 p.m. . 