THE MURDERER OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN. We extract the following paragraphs from American papers. They contain some items of interesting information; although in some instances the bom-<*> bastic and inflated style of the Yankee journalists but ill aocords with the melancholy and awful solemnity of the occasion:— A lAST BEQUEST. Just at his coming Booth had asked to hare his hands raised and shown him. They were so paralyzed that he did not know their location. When they were displayed he muttered, with a sad lethargy, " Useless, useless." These were the last words he ever uttered. As he began to die the sun rose and threw beams into all the tree-tops. It was of a man's height when the struggle of death twitched and fingered in the fading bravo's face. His jaw drew spasmodically and obliquely downward ; his eyeballs rolled toward bis feet, and began to swell; lividness, like a horrible shadow, fastened upon him, and, with a sort of gurgle and sudden check, he stretched his feet and threw bis head back and gave up the ghost. BACWARD. They sewed him up in a saddle blanket. This was his shroud—too like a soldier's. Harrold, meantime, had been tied to a tree, but was now released for the march. Colonel Conger pushed on immediately for Washington; the cortege was to follow. Booth's only arms were his carbine, knife, and two revolvers. They found about him bills of exchange, Canada money, and a diary. A venerable old negro living in the vicinity, had the misfortune to possess a horse. This horse was a relic of former generations, and showed by his protruding ribs the general leanness of the land. He moved in an eccentric amble, and when put upon his speed was generally run backward. To this old negro's horse was harnessed a very shaky and absurd waggon, which rattled like approaching dissolution, and each part of it ran without any con nection or correspondence with any other part. It had no tailboard, and its shafts were sharp as famine, and into this mimicry of a vehicle the murderer was to be sent to the Potomac River, while the man he had murdered was moving in state across the mourning continent. The old negro geared up his waggon by means of a set of fossil harness, and when it was backed to Garrett's porch they laid within it the discoloured corpse. The corpse was tied with ropes around the legs and made fast to the waggon sidea. Harrold'e legs were tied to stirrups, and he was placed in the centre of four murderous-looking cavalrymen. The two sons of Garrett were also taken along, despite the sobs and petitions of the old folks and women, but the rebel captain who had given Booth a lift got off amid the night's agitations, and was not re-arrested. So moved the cavalcade of retribution, with death in its midst, along the road to Port RoyaL When the waggon started Booth's wound, till now scarcely dribbling, began to run anew. It fell through the crack of the waggon, and fell dripping upon the axle, and spotting the road with terrible wafers. It stained the planks, and soaked the blankets; and the old negro, at a stoppage, dabbled bis hands in it by mistake. He drew back instantly with a shudder, and stifled expletive, " G-or-r-r, dat'll never come off in de world; it'a murderer's blood." He wrung his hand*, and looked imploringly at the officers, and shuddered again : " Gor-r-r, I wouldn't have dat on me fur tousand, tousand dollars." The progress of the team was slow, with frequent danger of shipwreck altogether, but towards noon the cortege filed through Port Royal, where the citizens came out to ask the matter, and why a man's body, covered with sombre blankets, was going by with so great an escort. They were told that it was a wounded Confederate, and so held their tongues. The little ferry, again in requisition, took them over by squads, and they pushed from Port Conway to Belle Plain, which they reached in the middle of the afternoon. All the way the blood dribbled from the corpse in a slow, incessant, san guine exudation. The old negro was niggarly dis missed with two paper dollars. The dead man was untied and cast upon the vessel's deck, steam gotten up in a little while, and the broad Potomac shores saw this skeleton ship flit by, as the bloody sun threw gashes and blots of unhealthy light along the silver surface. MARROLD All the way associate with the carcase went Harrold, shuddering in so grim companionship, and in the awakened fears of his own approaching ordeal, beyond which it loomed already, the gossamer fabrio of a Scaffold. He tried to talk for his own exonera tion, saying he had ridden, as was his wont, beyond the East Branch, and returning found Booth wounded, who begged him to be his companion. Of his crime he knew nothing, so help him God, &c.; But nobody listened to him. All interest of crime, courage, and retribution centred in the dead flesh at his feat. At Washington, high and low turned out to look on Booth. Only a few were permitted to see his corpse for purposes of recognition. It was fairly preserved, though on one side of the face distorted, and looking blue like death, and wildly, bandit-like^ as if beaten by avenging winds. WHEBE BOOTH LIES. Yesterday the Secretary of War, without instruc tions of any kind, committed to Colonel Lafayette C. Baker, of the secret service, the stark corpse of ?T. Wilkes Booth. The secret service never fulfilled its volition more secretively. "What have you done with the body ?" said I to Baker. " That is known," he answered, " to only one man living besides myself. It is gone. I will not tell you where. The only man who knows is sworn to silence. Never until the great trumpeter comes shall the grave of Booth be disco vered." And this is true. Last night, the 27th of April, a small rowboat received the carcase of the murderer; two men were in it; they carried the body off into the darkness, and out of the darkness it will never return. In the darkness, like his great crime, may it remain for ever, impalpable, invisible, nonde script, condemned to that worse than damnation, annihilation. The river-bottom may ooze about it, laden with great shot and drowning manacles. The earth may have opened to give it that silence and forgiveness which man will never give its memoir. The fishes may swim round it, or the daisies grow white above it; but we shall never know. Mys terious, incomprehensible, unattainable, like the dim times through which we live and think upon as if we only dreamt them in perturbed fever, the assassin of a nation's head rests somewhere in the elements, and that is all; but if the indignant seas or the profaned turf shall ever vomit this corpse from their recesses, and it receives humane or Christian burial from some who do not recognise it, let the last words those decaying lips ever uttered be carved above them with a dagger, to tell the history of a young and once promising life—useless ! useless ! Wilkea Booth, the assassin of President Lincoln, is said to be the son of an English tragedian, whom some of our theatrical readers may perhaps recollect. He (the father ) is thus described in the American Encyclopaedia : —"Booth, Junius Brutus, an English tragedian, born in London, May 1, 1796, died on the passage from New Orleans to Cincinnaiti, December, 1852\. After fulfilling engagements at Deptford, near London, and other places, and even performing at Brussels, in 1814, he made his debut at Covent Garden Theatre, in London, as Bichard 111. His personal resemblance to the crookbacked tyrant conformed exactly to the traditions of the stage, and his personi fication of the character was in other respects so striking that he competed successfully with Edmund Kean, then just rising into fame. The managers of Drury Lane induced him to act there in the same plays with Kean; but when, after a few nights, he was again announced at Covent Garden, his appearance was the signal for a serious theatrical riot, which resulted in driving him for a lime from the London stage. In 1821 he made his first appearance in the United States, at Petersburg, Virginia, and in New York, at the Park Theatre, in the succeeding year, on both of which occasions he assumed his favorite character of Bichard IIL From that time until the close of hie life he acted repeatedly in every Theatre in the United States, and, in spite of some irregular habits, which sometimes interfered with the per formance of his engagements, enjoyed a popularity which a less gifted actor would have forfeited. During the latter part of his life he resided with his family at Baltimore, making occasional professional excursions to other cities. He had just returned from a lucrative tour to California when he died. The range of characters which Booth assumed was limited, and was confined almost exclusively to those which he had studied in the beginning of his career. He is most closely identified with that of Richard, in which, after the death of Edmund Kean, he had no rival. Among his other most familiar personations were lago, Shylock, Hamlet, Sir Giles Overreach, and Sir Edmund Mortimer. In his peculiar sphere—the sudden and nervous expression of concentrated passion—as alao. in the more quiet and subtle passages of his delineations, he exercised a wonderful sway over his audience, and his appearance upon the itage has been known to awe a crowded and tumultuous house into instant silence. His presence and action, notwithstanding his short stature, were imposing, and his fa?e, originally moulded after the antique type, was capable of wonderful expression under the influence of excitement. Several of his children have inherited a portion of his dramatic talent, and are now prominent actors on the American stage." 