WEDNESDAY, JUNE 7, 1865. In the Legislative Council yesterday, Mr. FAWKNER moved that the Standing Orders Committee be instructed to consider, with a view to revision, the standing order (No. 18) relating to the absence of members. The motion was seconded by Mr. JENNER and agreed to. The Constitution Law Consolidation Bill was brought up from the Legislative Assembly. Mr. FELLOWS moved a resolution declaring that the power to recommend amendments in bills which have passed both Houses of Parliament", ought not to be exercised by the Governor in Council save for the correction of errors in such bills, Mr. FAWKNER seconded the motion. After remarks from Mr. Hervey, Mr. Cole, Mr. Jenner, Mr. Strachan, Mr. M'Crae, and Mr, Hull, the motion was agreed to. The House adjourned at five minutes past five o'clock. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr, MACBAIN called attention to the working of the present land law. He observed that whereas, during the passage of the Land Act through the Legislature, the assurance was given by the Government that the agricul- tural areas would be proclaimed in such a manner that no more than a third of each pastoral run would be thrown open at one time, Since the proclamation of the areas entire runs had been taken up by freo selec- tors. Again, experience had shown that the demand for land for actual settlement was not as great as had been repre- sented, and that the throwing open of 4,000,000 acres had had the effect of call- ing into existence a class of speculators " mediums" or "ghosts" as they were called who made selections simply with the view of seeming good terms from the squatter?. Mr. MacBain supported his statement by extracts from private letters, and concluded by asking the Government whether they were in posses- sion of any Information which led them to sup- pose that the selections already made were in accordance with the spirit and intention of the Land Act, and that the selectors were the class of men whom it was the intention of the Legislature to benefit when the said law was passed. Mr, M'CULLOCH remarked, that if land was taken up by "mediums" who did not occupy it, pursuant to the provisions of the Land Act, the land would revert to the Crown, and afterwards be thrown open for selection or offered for sale by auction as the Government might deem expedient. He had heard rumours similar to those mentioned by the member for the Wimmera, and to ascertain their truth ho put himself in communication with the Minister of Linds, who was at Camperdown. The reply he received lato tho previous night'was to the effect that the great bulk of the land taken up had fallon into tho hands of bona fide settlers, and that the act was, on the whole, working admirably. With regard to the fact of whole runs having been taken up, he would remind hon. members that these runs wero available for selection undor the Act of 1802, and that thero wa9 no other course open to the Government, seeing that the new act provided that within three months 4,000,000 acres should bo ready for selection. With regard to the médiums, he would observe that tho occupation of thtt class would be gone if the squatters would only Bland aloof, and not pay them, B3 re- ported, so largely for their services. In reply to Mr. THOMSON, Mr. M'CULLOOH said the Government were not bound to issue a lease for thirty days after tho land was selected ; aud if satisfied that the land was not taken up for bona fide settlement, they could refuse to issue the lease. Tho House was then called. The number of absentees was sixteen. Mr. HARKER moved the second reading of the State Aid to Religion Abolition Bill. Ia so doing, he expreBsod regret that tho bill had not boon introduced os a Ministerial mea- sure, particularly as threo members of the present Government had at different times introduced measures for the same object. The hill proposed that the grant in aid of re- ligion should be diminished at tho rate of £10,000 a year until it waa finally abolished. Ho contended that the policy of the state in new countries was to have nothing whatever to do with -religious teaching; and this for the reason that if the state encouraged only certain forms of roligious belief, it com- mitted a gross lu j list leo, and that, if it en- couraged all forms of religious belief, it com- mitted a gross absurdity. The hon. gentle- man quoted largely from statistics with the view to show that the fears of those who believed that the abolition of state aid would leave the country districts without religious instruction were perfectly groundless. Mr. VALE supported the bill, for tho reason that it would remove a vicions principle in legislation. State aid to religion he held to be unwise in policy. Mr. RICHARDSON expressed his belief that, I if state aid wero abolished to-morrow, every denomination would be able to support itäelf, without placing its ministers in an improper i condition, or bringing religion into on tempt. Mr. LEVI attributed the great rospsct piid in this country to law and order to the labours of ministers of various denomina- tions, and considered that a death-blow woull bs struck at the progress of Improvement in this direction if tho" support given by the state to the stipends of ministers of religion were withdrawn. Mr. MAOPHEBSON regarded voluntaryism as theoretically good, bat practically bad ; and contended that the passing of the bill would lead to the abolition of moral teaching in the poor and thinly populated districts. Mr. G. V. SMITH approved of tho principles of the bill. At the same time he considered that the great difficulty which had to ba en- countered in connexion with the matter, was thevested lights which had grown up ; andhe suggested that every minister who at present received a portion of the £60,000 contributed by the state to the support of religion, should continue to receive the same up to the timo of his death. Mr. MACGREGOR urged that the result of state aid was to cause an undue competition between churches in rural districts. He characterised state aid as a remnant of bar- barism. Mr. O'GRADY opposed the bill. Mr. VERDON believed that the passing of the bill would not be attended by any de- crease in the amount of religious Instruction imparted in the country. Mr. WHEELER submitted that state aid was as necessary to religion as to hospitals and charitable institutions. On a division, the bill was rejeoted by twonty-nine to twenty-five. The Public Works Law Amendment and Consolidation Bill was read a third time. The House then went into committee on the Mining Bill. After some irregular discussions, several amendments proposed by the Government were made in the measure. Progress was then reported. On the motion of Mr. RICHARDSON, tho Dividing Fences Bill was read a first time. The House adjourned at twenty-five minutes to one o'clock. If Mr. VERDON has recovered Ms papers and diagrams upon the defences from the gentlemen of the press to whom be so artlessly lent" thom, and if no petty parish vestry business, at a lato moment, intervene and take pre- cedence, tbe Assembly may perhaps this evening be committed to a discussion upon a subject which ordinary minds will bo apt to think should long ago have been definitely disposed of. But even sup- posing the Government to be ready to proceed, and that honourable mem- bers have studied the plans and papers put into their hands by the Treasurer, it is not improbable that the subject may be effectually shelved by the acqui- escence of tho House in Mr. O'SIIA NASSY'S suggestion to refer it to a select committee. Mr. VERDON is clearly right in his remark, that a select com- mittee would havo difficulty in obtain- ing any special information to guide them to a satisfactory conclusion. AU the information at present obtainable is already in the hands of members, and except it be to serve some private or political purpose, it is difficult to see what advantage could re- sult from the labours of a com- mittee. "Wo have no military engineers upon the spot, and have therefore no op- portunity of adding to the professional opinions already given by Majors PAS- LEY and SCRATCHLEY and Commodore WISEMAN ; and, at least until the time come to commence our permanent fortifications, it will probably be found that we have engineering talent upon the spot sufficient for the preliminary steps which may be neces- sary. If members desire to increase their stock of knowledge upon the means of attack and defence which modern experiment and science have developed, the country has already provided them with ample means for doing so in" the special worlcs provided in the Parliamentary Library. Objec- tion may well bo taken to the accomplish- ment of this end by means of a select committee. Least of all others should the member for Kilmore require such a resource. Prom his official experience as Chief Secretary, he has had means of acquiring information upon all the points of interest and importance con- nected with the present subject which have not been possessed by others. Nor can it be necessary for honourable members in general to put them- selves through any special training in order to understand and decide upon what may be necessary to be done at the present juncture. Tf it were requisite for them to be versed in all the experiments which have been instituted, in order to determine what thickness of armour- plating or what species of plates will best resist the impact of shot and shell fired from heavy guns, or what pat- tern of gun is most to be approved, there would be reason for delay, and a course of study would be a necessity. The salient points of the subject now claiming the decision of Parliament are, however, open to the apprehension of all. Upon any plan of defence it is indis- pensable that wo obtain artillery; and in the absence of any opinion to the con- trary, we are content to accept as suit- able, if not the most so, the guns which Mr. VERDON has specified. That the colony should procure moro of the heavier description of guns than Mr. VERDON proposes to obtain, will surely be admitted by any one who considers the number of points upon which these would require to be mounted to bear with effect upon any hostile armour plated vessels which may outer our harbour. If wo cannot obtain those which in the estimation of the Imperial military authorities are the best, let us get those which approximate the nearest to tho model which they approve. It would be folly to wait until a perfect weapon can be obtained. Any hostile vessel which may pay us a visit will probably possess guns inferior in power to those which wo could obtain, and use with an effect on shore all but im- possible in a vessel which could cross the ocean in safety j and if it should happen, in the progress of science in this direc- tion, that the guns wo get prove to be hereafter antiquated and inferior, we must make up our minds heroically to bear the loss. At the worst, they may be made of some use, and we shall be able to satisfy ourselves in that case that we did the best according to the knowledge which was then possessed. Let us havo the guns, and the placing them in position, and the mode of forti- fication best to be adopted, can be matters for subsequent arrangement. The Assembly will indeed do well not only to pause before committing the country to the expense of a fort in Hob son's Bay upon Captain SCRATCHLEY'S plan, but also to refuse permission for such an outlay. There is reason to believe that the Imperial Government will give us a vessel to serve the pur- pose of a block-ship, and several frigates besides. It will bo easy enough, as has been insisted upon, to cover the block ship with railway iron, and thus to make her capable of resisting even a regularly equipped armour clad. With such a defence or defences as these, there can be no excuse for our incurring the heavy expense which a steel-plated fort would entail. Nor can steel-plated towers at the southern ex- tremity of the shore fortifications be shown to ho necessary. With earth- works suitably constructed, and with floating defences, which may be rapidly moved from point to point, tho colony may well bo saved the expense to which one part of Mr. VERDON'S scheme would expose it, and that, too, without securing any commensurate advantage. Without going so far as to say that, pending the arrival of guns and ammunition, the shore fortifications may be kept in abeyance, Parliament may well insist that only in- expensive works, such as the willow plan- tations, and the preparation of plans and details, shall be at present pro- ceeded with. It is not of course intended by these remarks to oppose the order of a turret ship, but simply a heavy outlay upon a central fort and shore fortifications. Ex- pensive as the purchase of a turret ship and of artillery and ammunition would be, the heaviest items in Mr. VERDON'S schedule are those in which the steel plated towers and fort are provided for. In regard to these, we ave more than content to wait for further experiment. But while content to wait for further knowledge in regard to these expensive works, it is of the highest moment that we should provide ourselves with the materiel, which would be necessary if we are to be in a condition to resist attack. The Assembly is bound to come to an immediate decision upon these points, and, having given definite instructions to the Government in regard to these, and provided the requisite pecuniary sup- plies, the House will have done its duty, and the Government will be justly held responsible for carrying out its instruc- tions. The frequent appeals of late to the Government for gratuities to the wives I or relatives of civil servants are begin- ning to attract the attention oE the public to the very unsatisfactory con- dition in which the Civil Service Act lias left this particular branch of the subject. While provision is made in the form of a pension for the retiring officer during life, there is no machinery for testing the claims of his relicts, or adjust- ing the proportionate awards due to thom. On the demise of the officer under pre- sent circumstances, the only alternative of the survivor is to apply to the Legislature, through the medium of one of its members. If the applicant is for- tunate enough to have secured a little influence beforehand, thero is a chance of the application being favourably heard. If there is nothing in the case or the manner of tendering it to enlist the sympathy of some active agent inside the House, the mere question of merit or desert seldom secures an investiga- tion of the claim. It would be super- " fluous to point out the serious objections which may be urged against this state of things, both on the ground of public morality and public economy. One of two things is pretty sure to happen. Either the people's money is wasted on an undeserving suitor, or some meritorious object for relief is sent away to cherish a bitter sense of the niggardliness of a liberal Government. In addition to this, the system is a bad one on principle. It opens the road to favouritism of a very gross description, or it exposes the Government to the sus- picion of dispensing its charity accord- ing to its politics. It cannot be a very expensive process to retain an advo- cate within Hie walls of the Legis- lature, when the refusal of an offer of a ¿£10-noto is deemed a sufficient sacrifice to constitute a fair claim for the honours of martyrdom. When Parlia- mentary virtue can triumph so cheaply, it becomes a matter of importance that any- thing which has a tendency to depress it yet lower in its own estimation should be studiously and diligently avoided. To create temptations, when so little will tempt, is neither good policy nor good morals. Since it is easier to have one's cause heard in Parliament than in a court of law, and cheaper to ' fee a member of Parliament than a barrister at-law, it is needless to say that the public .will be glad to take refuge in any proposition, from whatever quarter urged, that is likely to diminish the de- mand for Parliamentary special pleaders. A correspondent, whose letter has sug- gested our comments, makes a preven- tive proposition of this nature. He points out the abuses which inevitably attach to the present want of system in rewarding the friends and relatives of civil servants in exact proportion to the amount of influence they can procure to urge their application, and ho not un- reasonably concludes that the only way to get rid of the abuses is to remove the cause of them, by insisting upon some established basis upon which tholiberality of the Government may bo equitably determined. According to the Civil Service Act, ho points out that all offi- cers who have served ten years are on titled to a twelvemonths leave of absence to visit Europe, and as the boon is simply a mockery to the majority of them, he asks why it may not be turned into a real benefit by simply placing the value of the year's service which the officer has liberty to forego to the credit of his family after his death. Tho obvious objection to this plan is, that it would oxcludo from its operation all those officers who, by prudence or good fortune, had been enabled to avail themselves of the statute holiday. The result would be either these officers must surrender their holiday, if they were anxious to secure the posthumous gratuity; or the Govern- ment must violate tho spirit of the enactment, and attach a penal conse- quence to what was understood to be a free privilege. A far more statesmanlike plan thau any such half measure as this, and one that would securo the end quite as effectually by a less invidious means, would be for the Govern- ment to introduce into' the Civil Servico a general system of insurance. Such a system-though under depart- mental, not governmental supervision-- « ¡ exists, we believe, in some branches of >* ' the Imperial Civil Service : the Post- ' office, for instance. In the Indian Civil Service, too, it has been found to be a great success. The creation of a provident fund, contribution to which should be compulsory, would have a beneficial effect, not on the Civil Ser- vice only, but on the community of which it forms so promirient a grade. Even if it were necessary to raise the salaries of its members, with a view to monthly or quarterly deductions for the payment of premiums, it would nevertheless be ultimately cheaper to the country than the present plan of encouraging improvi- dence and mendicancy, by giving gi,v tuities to any one who is fortunate enough to secure, by fair means or foul, the proper "medium" for begging them. However, the suggestion is thrown out for what it is worth. Its merits will doubtless bo discussed rather according to individual propensities than to the intrinsic utility of the scheme itself. But in whatever spirit the proposition is re- ceived, it is obvious that the race of petitioners for the bounty of the country is multiplying fast, a nuisance which almost amounts to a positive evil, when it is recollected that simultaneously with tho petitioners grows the brood of Parlia- mentary advocates. The motion for the second reading of Mr. Harkor's bill to abolish Btate aid to religion, was debated in the Legislative Assembly last evening. Tho debate occupied about three hours, and terminated In the rejection of tho bill bj twentynino to twenty-five. The Go> vemment wore divided on the question. Mr. M'Culloch, Mr. Verdon, Mr. Michie, anl Mr. Sullivan voted for tho bill ; Mr. Iligin botham and Mr. Francis voted against the measure. A call of the Houso was made for the consideration of the motion, but as many as sixteen members were absent. The excuse offered in almost every case was " urgent pri- vate business," and, whensomoof the excuses were announced, the words "medium "and " Camperdown " were audible. Between thirty and forty petitions on tho subject of state aid to religion were presented to the Legislative Assembly last evening. Two-thirds of the number wero against Mr. Barker's bill to abolish Btate aid ; tho rest were in favour of the measure. The treasurer of the Melbourne Ladic3 Benevolent Society begs to aoknowledgo the receipt of £1 per The Argus, and £19 2s. 91 collections in St. Peter's Church, per tho Rev. H. H. P. Bondfield. We leam that the Philharmonic Society aro engaged in the rehearsal of " Athalie," tho performance of which at the last concert pro- duced so deep and favourable an impression as to lead the committee to repeat it, This, together with a selection of secular muälc, will constitute the programme of the concert to be given on Tuesday evening next. The number of visitors to the nutlonul museums of nitnral history, geology, and economic geology applied to mining, agricul- ture, and the arts, for the week ending 3rd inst., was C96; for the month of May, 3,702. The next examination of candidates for the Civil Service will take placo to- morrow, at the university. The number of candidates who have sent in their names is 123, and they are requested to bo in attendance by half past nine o'clock a.m. The Melbourne and Hobion's Bay Railway Company held its half-yearly general meeting yesterday. Tho business was ontirely formal, and the directors' report, which declared a dividend at the rate of ten per cent, per annum, was unanimously adopted. Tho chairman mentioned the terms of the com- promise with Emerald-hill, which appeared to give satisfaction. The old auditors wero re- appointed. A meoting of the shareholders of the Im- perial Gold-mining Company, Greswick, was hold on Monday, at the Duke of Rothsay Hotel, Elizabeth-street, Mr. G. Horne in tho chair. About sixty shares were represented. Mr. J. H. Wymond was requested to attond the general mceiing at Creswick, on tho 8th inst., on behalf of the Melbourne share- holders, and a wish was expressed that he should bo appointed tho Melbourne director. A resolution was also passed declaring the opinion of the meeting that the seventy seven reserved shares should be offered to the present shareholders at £25 each, in order to próvido funds for the purchase of machinery. Five hundred copies of the deod of settlement were ordered to bo printed, and issued at cost price ; and Mr. James \V. Wood was appointed to act as Melbourne agent. A meeting of the shareholders of tho Golden Gate Gold-mining Company took place yester- day, for general business, Mr, J. Smith in tho chair. The minutes of tho previous meeting having been confirmed, It wa3 resolved that a call of Is. per share be made. The tender of Mr. John Rees, for tunnelling, was acceptod. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. The usual monthly meeting of the Mel- bourne Presbytery was held in the Scots' Church, Collins street, yesterday, at eleven a.m. Present-The Rev. G. Adam, modera- tor ; J. Ballantyne, clerk ; D. Macdonald, I. Hetherington, G. Mackie, J. Caldwell, P. Brown, J, S. Boyd, A. D. Klninmont, A. M'Gregor, J. Lambie, J. Scott, J. Clark, E. Moir, A. Murdoch, H. Darling, and S. Bagley, ministers; and Messrs. J. Brown, A. McLure, and Dr. Wilson, elders. The minutes of the former meeting having been sustained, the Rev. G. Adam, moderator, intimated that his term of office had expired, and the Rev. P. Brown was chosen moderator for the ensuing six months. The clerk read an extract minute from the records of the Presbytery of Castle- maine, relative to the translation of the Rev. A. Robertson. It was agreed that Mr. Robertson's induction to his new charge In West Melbourne should take place on the evening of Thursday, the 28th inst. The Rev. A. M'Gregor was appointed to preach, the Rev. P. Brown to put the usual questions of the formula, offer up the induction prayer, and address the minister, and the Rev. D. Macdonald to address the people. After the transaction of various other items of busi- ness, the presbytery adjourned. A very interesting lecture was delivered by the Rev. James Ballantyne at the Tem- perance-hall last evening, to a numerous and attentive audience. Mr. Edwards pre- sided, and after some prefatory observations, introduced the lecturer. The rev. gentleman «t once proceeded to illustrato the subject, tfhicb be had chosen as his text-" Hints to -working tam as to how to get on in the world;" and earnestly demonstrated the many obstados which impeded and the allurements which enticed the greater portion of men from the attainment of any social distinction, vehemently denouncing tho hol- low conventionalities and false gold-glitter which necessarily appertain to a youthful -stage of society like our own. The lec | 'turer directed attention to the practical ! vflUle and solid advontages to be derived from an undeviating pursoit of knowledge ', and temperance, and tho exercise of a pm ' dent economy. The lecturo was interspersed f TfUhjappropriate and amusing anecdotes. At ' fhecAcl08'0110^ *oe reading, the chairman, I and olberB interested in the total ab3tlnenco movement, addressed tho audience; and, nfter the adoption of a vote of thanks to the lecturer, tho proceedings terminated. I The charge-sheet at tho City Court yester- day was a rather long one, comprising about fifty flvo cases, many of which had been ! remanded from the proviens day. None of ! the cases were of any particular import ! ance. A man named Robert M'Padden, charged with forging three cheques (amount- ing in all to £100), in the name of John M'Killop, was committod for trial. Mr. Col), P.M., and Dr. Plummer wero occu- pied nearly tho whole of yesterdoy afternoon with tbo investigation of two charges of I assault on tho high seas, preferred by Oliff Dlckiflon and PoteriChristison, seamen belong- ing to tho ship Morning Glory, against Oliver O Jones and Jn. Brown, the first and second officers of that vessel, Mr. Burke appeared for tho complainants, and Mr. Read for tho defence. The assaults were allegod to have been committed on the 6th and 12th April, on the i oyage from London to Melbourne. The case against tho second mate was heard first. CbristlEon stated that about five o'clock on the morning of the 12th April ho wont into the forecastle to get a piece of biscuit. A few minutes afterward, Brown, in whose watch ho was, came into the forecastle, dragged him out, kicked him several times in the side, and struck him a sevoro blow on the nose, which knocked him down, and left a sore for some days. Brown, at the some time, told witness that if tho cap- tain's instructions had been followed, rome of the men would have been killed biforc then. The second mate had told ¿ho sailors they might always go under cover when they were not wanted. Wit- ness did not go to sleep on this occa- sion. The defendant had offered him 40s. and romo clothes to settle the matter, but ho had refused to accept any compromise. The defence was that Christison had gone to sleop in tho forecastle when it was highly impor- tant he should bo on deck, as there were only five men in the watch, and the weather was very squally. Brown admitted havlug struck complainant once, but said it was ia self defence, as Christison threatened him with his fists when ho woke him up, The chief officer of the ship corroborated the defendant's statement as to tho stormy weather which prevailed on the morning of the assault. In the second case, Oliff Dicki eoD, the complainant, stated, that on the 6th April he was at work on the deck-house, and as he did not move quick enough to please Jones, he struck him several times in tho face and knocked him down. Jones afterwards kicked him, and repeated the kicks with violence about his neck and head as he passed across the ship below the deck- house. In conseqoonco of this ill-osage witness waB ill for several days. The captain was present at the assault, and encouraged Jones by saying, "Give it him." A sailor named Luneberg corroborated plain- tiff's account of the assault, and it was stated that several other witnosses would have been "called had not the men present when the assault was committed deserted from the ship. The defendant JoneB denied IBMEC committed any assault. He said the ship was rolling heavily at the time in ques tion, and that ho slipped off th9 deok-housa with DIckiEon. Next day the man asked him for a piece of plaster to put on his head, and ho did not then complain ibnt ho had been kicked. Richard Henry Gillett, captain of the Morniug Glory, proved that Dlckison never made any .complaint to him. He Bald he saw several of the [men fall off the deck-house, and thought no moro of it. He waa not aware that any assault had been committed, and ho never made 06e of the expression, "Give it him." The Bench were of opinion that the defen- dant in each caso had been guilty of com- mitting a very unjustifiable assault and that the captain was not altogether free from blame. Brown was fined £3, with 453, costs; ?and Jones was ordered to pay 40d. damage^ with áSs. costs. At the St. Kilda Petty Sessions yesterday, before Messrs. Cowderoy, Nankivell, and M. Patterson, a female named Richards was fined 2s. Gd., and costs, with the alternative of twelve hours' imprisonment, for using abusivo and insulting language towards George Chap- man. James Kennedy, charged with stealing i egttnbles of the value of 3s. from the garden of Thomas Healey, was mulcted in the sum of 40B , and the valno of the articles stolen. Two persons wero amerced in the usual penalty, and costs, for having In their posses- sion unregistered dogs. At Hawthorn Police Court yestorday, the following caBca wore disposed of by Messrs. Mackinnon, O'Grady, and Walsh, tho presid- ing magistrates ¡-Charles Brown and Joseph .Ford were charged with stealing the calico ilnirgofan untonantod house at Nunawad- ing. William Bennett, the prosecutor, and other witnesses, deposed to seeing tho prisoner Brown with a portion of the stolen calico in his possession. The evidence did not implicate .Ford, who was discharged ; and Brown was sent to gaol for fourteen days. William Moss waB fined 10a" and William Hogan 2s. Od., for neglecting to carry lights in their drays, in the manner prescribed by the municipal bye law. John Hale was fined 10s,, for sleeping while in charge of a horse and diay. XUvid leuwln, who was brought up for ill-treating a boree by beating it about the hoad with a heavy stick, was dismissed with a caution. At the Williamstown Police Court yester- day, a seaman named Robert Clyma was rcnunced to four weeks' hard labour, for In- subordination on board the ship Pet, while at sea on the 10th ult. The charge was proved by the mastor and the chief officer. Tlie city coroner held an Inquost yestorday on the body of Edward H. Davie, a member of the firm of DaviB, Finlayson, and Hut- chison, grain-crushers, A'Backett street, who died at the hospital on Snnday, from the effect of an injury received at the mills on the2Gth ult., wheu his hand was crushed by being caught in some machinery which ho was oiling. The jury found a vordict of "Death from the effects of accidental in- juries." The deceased was burled yesterday afternoon, and, as he was a member of tho Emerald-hill Volunteer Artillery, the mem- bers of the corps marched in the funeral pro- cession. The coffin was borne upon a gun- carriage, and the deceased was Interred with military honours. An inquest was held yesterday on the body of William M. Barclay, the drayman who was accidentally killed on the previous day by being run over with the wheel of his dray, in consequence of the horse taking fright. The jury found a vordiot of "Acci- dental death." A fire took place yesterday, about half past eight o'clock a.m., In a room adjoining tho lamp-room in tho yard of the Victorian line of railways. The lamp-cleaner, Neal, noticing the smell of fire, immediately went out to see from whence it carno, when he saw smoke Issuing from under the door of the next room. He procured the assistance of a man named Bennett, who bolonged to the yard, and put it ont. They found a coat consumed inside a locker. It is supposed some matches must have ignited in the coat. It was very fortunate the firo had not made much pro- gress when It was discovered, as the room con- tained a large quantity of fog-signals. The Gazette announces that telegraphic communication has been opened with Sey- mour. The same journal contains a notice to tho occupiers of runs with reference to tho payment of rent. The Geelong Register Btates:-" As evidenco of the severity of the seaBon, a large mass of snow, or a huge snowball, waB brought to town yestorday morning by the Ballarat train." " Some of our Barrabool vignerons," says the'.GeelongRegister,"and horticulturist", havo made arrangements to travel this winter throughout the Western District with dray loads of vines and frnit trees for sale. There I, will be a largo opening for such a trade among the occupiers of newly-selected land. They will all want a few vines and trees round their intended bomeBteads, and will bo glad by a timely purchase to savo a whole year's growth." We find the following in the Geelong Register:-"The Chinese population on the gold-fields are supposed to bo only at a disad- vantage (und even thon but occasionally) when they como into keen competition with Euro- pean intelligence of an unscrupulous order ; but the following anecdote, which comes to us with good authority, shows that they havo as much, if not, indeed, moro, to fear from the cunning and cupidity of their own countrymen. On ono of the Western gold- fields there resides a Chinese .interpreter, who has amassod considerable wealth, although ostensibly his means are derived Eolely from his position as a recognised medium of English and Chinese commu- nication. This celestial gentleman keeps in his pay a European, whoBe exocutlve func- tions ore to jump, or to cause to be jumped, rich claims hold by Chinese proprietors, and who have failed to take out the requisite number of miners' rights. The claim being jumped, the proprietors seek the aid of the interpreter, who gravely asks them what number of miners' lights they possess. They humbly confess that they havo tried to ' bilk ' the law. ' Well, then,' soys John, ' the best thing you can do is to offer the jumpers £20, and try to get rid of them.' The advica is taken and paid for, and it need scarcely bo added that the twenty noteB find their way into the interpreter's pocket, minus the com- mission and charges, which this gentleman payB to hiB unscrupulous Earopean col- leagues." The Eyneton Observer refers to tho dis- charge of the double of Dunn in the following terms :-" The man recently taken into custody on suspicion of boing Dunn, tho bushranger, was again brought before tho Bench yesterday morning, and discharged. The sergeant of police stated that a telegram had been received by Inspector Green from Now South Wales, stating that It was known Dann was still in that colony, so that of course the prisonor was not tho man. A more lengthy description of tho bushranger has been received, and strongo to say, the pri- soner answered to the deEcrlption oven more strikingly than he did to tho meagre one pos- sessed by Inspector Green when he made the arrest. The prisoner, it appeared, had tra- velled from PorbeB, and had passed through Echuca, where he carried on similar practices to those he had been guilty of in Kyneton, so that he richly deserved the week's impri- sonment ho got for bis resemblance to the bushranger." The following io from the Bendigo Adver. User :-" A man who had beon apprehended by Detective Kolle, was brought before the bench at the town-hall, yesteiday. His career in crime is a most Bt rango and remarkable one, and such as has been but seldom equalled. He went by tho name of Georgo Wentworth, and acknowledged to the alias of Abraham Orobtree, while the cognomen of John Bray was another of his aliases. In the year 1832 he had been tried at York, and transported for fourteen years for stealing money. In the year 18á6 he had been tried at Launceston for horse-stealing, and acquitted. In the same year, and at the same place, ho had been tried for stealing money, and sen- tenced to Bevon years as a convict. In 1854 ho was tried again at tho same place for burglary, and sentenced to fourteen years. In 1861 he had been tiied and acquitted for the murder of a child. He had been after- wards apprehonded under suspicion of having murdered Phillips, the Jew; aftsr this ho had beon tried for the murder of another child, named Alice Hughes, and again acquitted, and was at present under a sentence in Van Diemen's Land of fourteen years for the murder of his brother. He had also been convicted for petty offences in this colony, onco in this district and once at Echuca." The Avoca Mail has the following:-"An apparently startling phenomenon occurred in Avoca on Wednesday morning last. About eight o'clock, a tandem appeared trotting up High-street, in good order; the leader's traces tight, and both horses going very straight, drawing only a pair of wheels. It appeared as if they were pulling the ghost of a coach with a phantom driver; and when the horses turned into the stable-yard of the Avoca Hoto!, and pulled up quietly, great was the wonder what it could all mean. Inquiry was soon satisfied, however, by tho discovery that the morning mall-coach from Mary- borough bad come to "grief about a milo and a half from Avoca-tho king-bolt having broken, and tho ' fore-carriage ' thereby parted from the body of the coach. Mr. Smith, who was driving, and who is woll known as a care- ful and punctual charioteer, was thrown from his seat, and sustained some bruises and scratches about the face. The coaoh was upset, but happily the passengers-three in number-sustained no injury." "The search for Mr. M'Lelland, of the Alma, was continued during last week," says the Maryborough Advertiser, of Monday, " and yesterday morning the friends of that gentle- man had their worst anticipations realised, by finding his dead body in the bush, with the throat cut, The body was found ut no great distance from tho road, near the Bet-Bet Creek, and close to wbero tho horse was seen grazing on this day fortnight. A knife, ap- parently the one used in inflicting tho wound, lay close to the body, and in the pockets were found the dead man's watch and some silver. Information of the discovery was at once for- warded to the police at Maryborough, and mounted-constable Boyle proceeded to tho spot, and had the remains convoyed to tho Alma, whore an inquest will be held." A question somewhat difficult to answer is propounded by the Daylesford Express, which says :-" We were shown yesterday a frag- ment of fossil timber, said to be lightwood, dug out of the Daylesford claim from a depth of 170ft. The block was about four feet long and nine inches in diameter, and had been apparently cut square by a sharp lnstrument at one end when deposited. The other ex- tremity, which had been severed by a pick, was jagged. The material, though in a good state of preservation, was of the consistency of cheese, and the exte- rior had the charred look which logs in the bush so often present. The discovery gives rise to two interesting subjects for speculation. Did the inhabitants of this continent at an era so remote, that nearly 200ft. of alluvial and alluvial strata and basalt have accumu- lated since, possess iron and edged tools? And was the surface annually swept as now by tremendous fires ?" The Yass Courier of the 31st ult. has the following:-"About three or four weeks ago, Mr. Watts, storekeeper, residing at Lambing flat, reported to tho police at Gunning that between Lodge's publiohouse, on Breadalbane Plains, and the tollbar at Cullarin Creek, ho was chased by a bushranger armed in tho usual fashion, and well mounted, and that, on reaching the bar, his pursuer gavo up the chase. Owing to this information, Senlor constablo O'Brien, with another constable, started in pursuit of the supposed bush- ranger, but, after riding some fifteen or twenty miles, they came to the conclu- sion, from what they learnt on the road, that Mr. Watts had given them false , information, he having been seen throughout "nearly tho whole road jogging on without being tormented by any pursuer. Mr, Watts has been summoned to appear at the court of petty sessions at Gunning this day, to answer a charge, preferred under the Pelons Apprehension Act, of having given false infor- mation to the police with intorft to misload them. Mr. Sub-inspector Brennan will oon duct the prosecution. The penalty attached to the offence is hard labour on the roads for a term not exceeding fifteen years." The Vasa Courier of May 31 Bays :-" It is somewhat strange that Binco the rencontre at Kelly's hut, near Binalong, nothing has been heard of Dunn, the companion of Hall and Gilbert in their career of crime. The polic, now that the gang has been destroyed by the shooting of the two last-named, seom disin- clined to hunt for lesser game, otherwise thoy must havo been able to leam, and success- fully follow up, the information we now pub- lish-namely, that Dunn still remains near Bogolong, and is sheltered and harboured by persons resident not far from that lo- cality." The Cornwall Chronicle thus records the death of a prominent citizen of Launces- ton :-" It is with sincere and deep reglet wo record the sudden death of Mr, Wil- liam Williams, merchant and miller, of this town. This sad event occurred between two and three o'clock yesterday. Mr. Williams had transacted the usual business of the day at his office in Cameron-street, on Thursday, and attended in his capacity as chairman a meeting of trustees of the Weat Tamar Road district for three hours on the same evening. Afcer dinner yesterday, he was making ar- rangements to leave town with MrB. Williams, to pay a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Bayles, at Vaucluse. He had just written, in a clear, steady hand, some instructions for his SOD, Mr. Tho3. A. Williams, and requested him to see that two seats wero secured in the coach, when he fell bick in his chair In a fit. Mr. Thos. Williams ran immediately down George- street to Dr. Maddox, who was met driving out of his gafe, but too late to be of any service-Mr. Williams had ceased to exist. Por some time past he had complained of a pain in his chest, which he attributed to indigestion, though tho symptoms were mote like those caused by disease of the heart. His proposed visit to tho country had been decided upon in the hope that a little relaxation from business, and change of air, would prove an effectual remody for the fatal disease, which he considered was merely indigestion. Mr. Williams was a thoroughly commercial and no political party man, but ono who exerted all his influ- ence to advance the interests of Launceston and the North, ne has been chairman of the West Tamar Road Trust for several yoars past ; and it is to the public spirit and enlightened views of him and his co- trustees that tho public nre indebted for the erection of that beautiful structure, the South Esk bridge, which joins the West Tamar Road District to Launceston. Mr. Williams was chairman of the Ohambsr of Commerce last year, and made some valuable suggestions with the view of reducing the port charges. His career in Launceston has been one of untiling industry and energetic perseverance, and he leaves behind him an example worthy of belDg widely imitated." "Tho Direct Western Railway Company," the Cornwall Chronicle says, " aro taking the preliminary steps requisite by law, to enablo them to apply to the House of Assembly this session, for leave to bring in a bill for tho pur- pose of constructing and maintaining a rail- way for goods and passenger traffic between Launceston and Deloraine." The Hobart Towti Mercury of the 3rd inst. 6ays :-" Mr. John Dobson, for many years a member of the legal profession, expired early yesterday morning, at his late residence, comer of Davey and Antill streets, after a lengthened indisposition. He was admitted OB a barrister, attorney, solicitor, and proctor of the Supreme Court of this oolony on the 29th September, 1834, and had beon a resident here for upwards of thirty years. Deceased leaves behind bim a widow and a largo family, among whom are Mr. W. L. Dobson, the Attorney- General of the Chapman Admi- nistration, and a leading member of the Tas- manian bar; Mr. Prank Stanley Dobson, a barrister, practising at the bar, Victoria; and several other sons. It will bo seen by our Supremo Court report that most of the busi- ness that was to have occupied the court yes- terday was postponed in consequence of the melancholy event." Undor tho heading of " Seats to Let," the Launceston Examiner writes:-"Itnovor rains but it pours. Tamar vacated by Mr. Corbett, Cumberland is immediately afterwards de- serted by Dr. Sharland, and a successor to him has not ceased to be a matter of mere spéculation when out comes a writ for Meander, and before that has bBon returned Ringwood follows in tho wake, and last of all wo have the metropolitan district In tho throeB of a contest between Mr. Henry Hop- kins, jun., and Mr. Kannerley for tho seat in the Legislative Council abandoned by Mr Carter. The Parliament, which is to meet in June or July, will at on rate exhibit some new faces, though wo aro not sanguine onough to anticipate anything batter than tho old phases-on unpremeditated pun." By the steamer Hero we have Lyttelton papers to the 26th ult. The public property in the neighbourhood of Invercargill seems to have fallen Into deplorable trouble. The Southland News of the 30th ult. says:-"From our correspon- dent at the Bluff, we learn that a sale of the railway plant took place on Saturday morning last, under a writ of /('. fit,, at tho fuit of Mackenzie v. Menzies. Mr. Sayers was the officiating genius,; and probably may claim the honour of having had the moat extensive and important sale in this pro- vince, with tho least possible rosults. The plaintiff was the only bidder, and secured the whole of the property, valued over £20,000, for the figure of £273, one of the lots being the new locomotive, which cost £3,500, and was knocked down for £20. We are informed that a notice was served upon Mr, Sheriff Price OB to the illegality of tho sale, the Supreme Court having granted au inj unc- tion to restrain any further proceedings in the suit till the 31st inst., but thi3 functionary was'quite indifferent on the subject of the notice. Yesterday the sheriffs sale, in the suit of Mackenzie v. Menzies, was continued at the Mokomoko, Mr, Sayers, as on Siturday, officiating as auctioneer. A gang of mon, under the charge of Mr. Newman, had, however, got possession of tho jetty, and forbade all approach thereon. Accordingly, Mr. Sayers and the spectators took their places on the beach, and the sale commenced, and we un- derstand that property of several thousand pounds value was knocked down for about £500, the plaintiff and a Mr. Smith, as it is rumoured, being tho purchasers. Two mounted police troopers attended to preäorve order." " Tho telegraph Is now," says tho Southland Times oC May 24, "in full operation bot ween Invercargill, Dunedin, and Christchurch. Since Saturday sovoral congratulatory mes sogea have,passed between tho superinten- dents and officials hero, and those in Dune- din and Christchurch." Colonel Anderson's Artillery Cup, to bo shot for on Saturday next, illustrates well the value of " challenge" trophies. When tho cup wasgivon.in 1861, to bo compotedfor by mem- bers of the volunteer artillery corps, a com- mittee of officers, besides fixing tho ranges at 200, 300, 400, and GOO yards, five shots ateach, with Government carbine?, agreod upon cer- tain conditions, the most important of which was that tho trophy must be won three times before it could be finally claimed. Since then the contest has proceeded briskly, but no one haq yot beon able to effect the great coup, and the cup still remains unwou.and still arouses the emulation of tho artillery mark* men. At the first match twenty-nine persons entered, and Gunner Burroughs, of the Eme- rald-bill corps, becamo the first possessor of the " baublo." In the second match Gunner Greenwood, of the metropolitan corpa, made fifty-seven points in the preliminary contest, for which there wero thirteen entries, and in tho shooting off with Gunner Burroughs ho won, with forty-ono points, and so became the second possessor. The third match, through the disqualification of a competitor, resulted in a " walkover" by Gunner Groonwood. In the fourth match, however, tho cup passed to Gunner M'Hutchinson, whoscorod fifty-three. In tho fifth, Captain Stokes, of the Melbourne corps, beat fourteen other competitors by a score of fifty-nine points, but he failed to wrest the trophy from M'Hutchinson, who made Captain Stokes's number of fifty nine-an excellent score at any time, and particularly good in this instance, when a gale of wind was blowing. For the sixth contest, at the Sandridge Butts, on Saturday next, there aro fifteen entries ; and should M'Hutchinson hold his own, ho will become the possessor of the well-contested trophy. The adjourned general meeting of the-Rich mond Cricket Club will bo held this evening, in the Ciicketers' Arms Hotel, Punt-road. The principal business will ba to take stops for the erection of a pavilion and the improvement of the ground. The re-appcaranco of the Lenton Troups lost evening at the Haymarket Theatre, at- tracted a full house, and the performances of the members of the troupe were as successful as ever in securing tho applause of the audi- ence. Tho feots of Mr. George Ridgway upon tho flying trapeze wero witnessed with as much interest as they wore the first time they wero exhibited. Tho programme for the evoning opened with the comedy of "Simpson and Co.," Miss Cleveland appearing as Mrs. Simp- son, and after the performances of the Lan tons, the evening's ontettainment concluded with tho farce of " Sophia's Snppor." Tho members of the Melbourno Garrick Club gave a dramatic performance last even- ing, at the rooms of the German Gymnaitic AEBOciation (old Olympic Theatre). The first piece represented was the comedy of " Every- body's Friend," which was followed by the drama of " The Sailor of France." The per- formance went off very smoothly and success fully, and was witnessed by a pretty numo rous audience. Tho evening's diversion con eluded with a ball In the body of the largo hall of the building. 