A RUSSIAN GHOST STORY. (From My Amt Ann's Ghost Story, in Black wood's Magazine ) The first thing which my sister-in-law asked me next morning was whether I had heard the sounds in the night. On my admitting that I had, she said that she had not felt so frightened as upon the last occasion, and remarked that she supposed in time we should get quite accustomed to them. I told her I had already so far overcome my original dread, that I had determined in my own mind to make another nocturnal experience, and proposed to her to join inc. However brave one may be individually, a companion on such occasions is always an immense support. To my great delight she readily consented to my proposal. ' I suggested that we should not wait until the next Saturday night, but try at once, and keep on making experiments every night during the week by these means, if nothing was seen or heard, we should have become accustomed to the loneliness of the Great Hall, and be better able to face the dangers of the fatal Saturday. I am bound to say that we passed the whole of this day in a fever of excitement and anticipation. I went half a-dozen times into the Great Hall, impelled thither by a fascination which was quite irresistible. I gazed at all the pictures, examined all the panelling, ascended the massive staircase, which nevertheless creaked even with my light weight, and became familiar with every object which a heated imagination could possibly turn into a ghost. Gaunt figures in armor, with a dim light upon them, are especially ghost like and supernatural. The bars of their visors always looked like long teeth, and they make a nasty rattle when you touch them, extremely disagree- able in the dark. I determined that I should allow my mind to rest on none of these things when I came at night with Olga. Indeed, I tried to take one warrior to pieces, on purpose to feel on inthïiatïf terms with him, and succeeded so far that I got his helmet off, and could not get it on again ; so, as a piece of bravado, I put it under his arm, and made him look more ghastly than ever. Then I went back to the drawing-room, and by the time ten o'clock struck I had worked myself up into such a recklessly defiant mood that I felt almost intoxicated with excitement. Olga caught the infection. We could scarcely restrain our impatience till the moment came to dismiss the servants ; then we jumped up and waltzed round the room, a sort of war-dance of triumph and defiance. Then we lighted every candle, and went into the billiard room and lighted it up too, careless of what the servants would suppose laughing, indeed, at the terror which the unusual illumination would inspire, and which would certainly be attributed to a posse of debauched ghosts; then we played a noisy game of billiards, all which, be it remembered, was merely a form of Dutch courage. We were both by this time in our secret souls excessively terrified. Both would willingly have danced off to bed instead of round the billiard table ; but our honor was at stake, and we kept up appearances magnificently. At last the mid- night near struck, and anning ourselves each with a cup in one hand and a candle in the other, we marched defiantly towards the Great Hall. The first thing I saw was my friend the warrior whom I had left with his head under his arm, glaring at me with his black, ghastly cavern of a mouth and hollow eye sockets ; but, to my horror and dismay, his head was back again upon his shoulders. As none of the servants would have ventured into the Hall since the comparatively late hour that I had last visited it was driven to the unpleasant conclusion that this marked knight had either put on his own head, or had got an equally unearthly friend to put it on for him.., I certainly courage already giving way, so I laughed and talked boisterously, and rapped his helmet soundly with my case as I told the story in a loud tone to Olga. She was at the other end of the room, tapping the panelling with her, cure as she laughingly said, loud enough to drown the sound of the ghost's drum. We seemed both penetrated with the conviction that our only chance of safety lay in making as much noise as possible, so I began to tap the panels on my side of the room also. At that moment the most piercing scream I' ever heard issue from mortal throat burst from Olga ; her candledroppedwitha crash, and before I could look round she tore wildly past me, screaming, Fly ! fly I save yourself !" , I needed no further action- . tion. Never turning my head I rushed after her to the passage leading to the drawing-room, my candle also going out, and we both burst in' to the brilliantly-lighted room, pale, parting, and exhausted. Our first care was to double lock the door by which we had just entered and as, in order to regain our bedrooms, it was necessary to traverse the glass passage, now dark, we rested for a minute while I lighted my candle, and Olga took another out of the candelabra. This gave me time to think that a retreat to the cottage, after all my resolutions, without even knowing what had happened, would be ignominious, so I implored Olga to sit down and calm herself, and give me some reason for her extravagant alarm. I had taken the precaution to provide sundry re- storatives in case of our needing- them, and in a few moments she had comparatively regained her tranquility. All she could say was, that as she was topping the panel on which was painted the Sclavonian warrior, the case was suddenly drawn out of her hand by some invisible influence. She had not let it drop, nor had she brought it back with her. There was no denying the fact; the cue had vanished-but now, remained a mystery. When she, felt it being pulled from her band she screamed, dropped the light turned and fled, and she could give me no further information upon the subject. Meantime we sat and listened. Not a sound could we bear except the murmur of the wind and the rustling of the pine branches which overhung the window. Feeling that this silence would unnerve us, and reluctant to yield to Olga's entreaties to go to the cottager proposed that we should return to the billiard-room, lock both the doors, and play a game of billiards. A ghost would scarcely be hold enough to enter a room in which there were fifteen candles burn- ing and if the sounds were as loud as usual, we would sit there and listen to them safely. After some hesitation my companion consented to this arrangement, and we went through the form of knocking the bulls about, without, however, being able to get rid for an instant of the one thought uppermost in both our minds, Every now and then, by mutual consent, we stopped and listened, but not a sound was audible. _ 1. was on the point of proposing another visit to the hall, when the being of a distant door checked the words as they rose to my lips, and made us both start and tremble. Then again profound stillness. It was now nearly two o'clock, but as I had quite made up my mind not to go to bed without one more attempt at unravelling the mystery, I determined first quietly to go, over in my mind the events which had occurred up to this point, hoping that somehow I might hit upon the clue. As I did so, it flashed across me that upon the occasion of my first visit 'I heard the sighs when I was standing on the side of the room near the picture of the Sclavonian warrior, and that as I leant my back against it they scorned nearer and louder. This, then, might be the haunted spot, if any one place in this " possessed " old building was more haunted than, another, for exactly here it was that Olga had lost her case. It was a sort of comfort getting some definite locality to fix upon for investigation, and a comfort to have a distinct reason for revisiting the hall my distinct reason being that I wanted to see whether the case was lying upon the floor, or had really, as Olga maintained, been spirited away altogether. My curiosity on this point was so great that I firmly resisted all her en- deavours to dissuade me from going back. I finally promised, however, that we should only go as far as the hall door, this time on tiptoe that we should open it gently and look in, and be satisfied, . if we saw the one lying on the floor, to leave it there without venturing further ; if not. to rest content with our experiences for the night, and put off our investigations as to what had become of the case to some future occasion. This being decided upon, we once more screwed up our courage to the sticking point, and returned 0 the drawing-room, where everything was still lighted, and stayed for a moment to listen. To my dismay and regret, for I saw my companion's resolution would fail her, we distinctly heard a sort of shuffling sound, as of some one crossing the hall in slippers. At this time I felt such intense anxiety to know what had become of the one that I was resolved to go on alone if Olga would not come with me, and when I saw her sink back almost fainting into a chair, I felt it would be cruel of me to urge her further. Indeed, at the moment she was so frightened that she was unable even to go back to the cottage, much less to the hall. I therefore crept cautiously on by myself and, before opening the door into the hull, leant my ear against it and listened. All silent. I put my hand gently on the old-fashioned latch, which, fortunately, I could turn without noise, and pushed the door softly open. The Sclavonian warrior hung on the wall to the left as I entered, and as the door also opened back into the hall on the same side, I found I should be obliged either to fling it well back or advance into the room in order and have a view of the floor at the foot of the picture, where I expected to find the cue lying. -I should remark that, on passing through, the drawing-room, it occurred to me to take, instead of a candle, a reading-lamp with a very strong reflector, which, though somewhat heavy, could be made to throw a bright light. Before pushing the door wide open I gave my lamp an extra twist ; then, with every fibre strung, I took one bold step into the room, and turned the lamp full on the left-hand wall. What I then saw fairly rooted me to the spot with amazement and dismay. The Sclavonian warrior had utterly vanished, and in his room, or I should rather say in a room, there appeared bed, stable with a loaf of bread upon it, a chair, a pair of jack boots, and a sword hanging above them. For an instant I felt dizzy with bewilderment, then turned and fled. I was more thoroughly frightened than if a legion of drumming ghosts had marched into the hall. The denouement was so utterly unexpected, so terribly real, so exactly the reverse of supernatural, that the very contrast was a shock. Spectral figures in white robes, or even the Sclavonian warrior beating his own drum, I could have borne; but a bed which had evidently just been occupied, for the clothes were all tumbled, a pair of jack-boots probably just pulled off, and a half-eaten loaf of bread, were sights infinitely more alarming. I felt that the occupant of the mysterious chamber must be the sort of person who would murder me if he caught me and my tell-tale face as I rushed through the drawing-room required no explanation. Olga was sufficiently recovered to fly after me, and once more, breathless and exhausted, we reached envy bedroom. Here I explained to my sister-in-law what I had seen, and we spent the remaining hours till daylight in accounting for the ghostly sounds, and in vague conjectures as to the identity of the individual who produced them. The servants were somewhat astonished not only to find us up at the earliest hour in the morning, but to receive an order to send the white-headed steward to us. Meantime Mrs. Phillips had been made acquainted with our discovery, which she communicated in a tongue of her own invention to the rest of the household, so that when the steward care we were followed by the whole establishment to the Great Hall. To my astonishment another change had taken place since my last visit. The Sclavonian warrior was no longer there, it is true, but no more were the bed, or the table, or the chair, or the big boots, or the loaf of bread, or the sword. Everything had disappeared except the room, and into that we entered. It was built into the solid wall, here nine feet thick. The panel occupied by the warrior had been five feet by seven, and this was the size of the entrance to the room. The dimensions of it were as follows Eight feet in breadth, twelve feet in length, seven in height the floor was one foot higher than that of the Hall. It was now quite empty, though the stains of liquid spilt on the floor showed it to have been recently occupied. After some difficulty we succeeded in drawing out the, panel, which slides noiselessly along its groove, and the warrior gradually emerged once more to the light of day. We examined the edge of it carefully, and did not close it completely for fear of not understand- ing the trick of the spring. When we discovered the right 'spot to touch outside the panel, we found it acted almost like a hair- trigger. It was in the crevice of a rock, against which the' warrior was leaning.. The effect of a very 'gentle pressure here made the panel fell softly back of its own accord about an inch. As the carving of the panel projected, this opening was generally in shade, so that it might very well be a little open without being visible. There was no difficulty supposing Iliad been leaning within a foot of this apartment, in accounting for the sighs which the occupant had probably resorted to as the easiest mode of frightening me away, before he began to beat his drum, in the same way the point of Olga's care must have slipped into this opening, and been dexterously snatched out of her hand. We never saw the cue again.' The unfortunate part of it all is " that here my. story ends.", Who the man who lived in this room, was, why he lived there, whether more thirteen. lived there, are all questions which we went on asking until we gave it up in despair I used often to suspect that the old steward knew something about it; but he pretended to be as much surprised as any one of us at the discovery. The most likely hypothesis is that some political refugee had made it his abode, preferring it to Siberia, or something still more summary. Whoever he was, he had enjoyed free lodging for twenty years, as during all that period the castle had been haunted. STORM AND FLOODS IN SCOTLAND The high wind from the south-west which began to blow on Tuesday night rose in violence on Wednesday morning, and from 2 o'clock till after daybreak blow a guesses as his not been experienced since the storm six weeks ago, which was accompanied by so many and heavy disasters to the shipping in the Firth. Fortunately, the present gale has not, so far as we have yet learnt, been attended with any serious results. The who was from a quarter which does not usually much affect the Firth, and on Wednesday, although the sea was heavy, particularly in the morning, and forenoon, no accident of any consequence is known to have occurred. The steamers on the Granton and Bimitisland Ferry experienced some bat rough passages, but, time was pretty fairly kept. On land there was an equal immunity from mischief. The gale was accompanied in the morning by heavy rains, in consequence of which the streams in the vicinity of Edinburgh were considerably swollen. In the afternoon the wind subsided to some extent, but in the evening it again rose, and continued all night to blow strongly from the south-central west The storm seems to have extended over the central and southern districts of Scotland, but no serious accident is anywhere reported. Our correspondents in Stirliug,Perth, Auchterarder, Crieff, Denny, Hawick, Galashiels, and Innerleitheu write that high winds prevailed in these district on Wednesday morning, accompanied by a heavy fall of rain. The Tay at Perth overflowed its banks in the afternoon, and at the bridge the water was fully 16ft. by the index, and still rising. The flood is said to have been caused not more by the ruins than by the melted snow from the Grampians, which had been quite covered with snow from Saturday till Tuesday afternoon. The Bim" was also in flood, and overflowed the laughs near Auchterarder. The damage is supposed to have been considerable, but will not be us coal mines until the water retires. From the neighbour hood of Crieff large quantities of wood, turnips, and soil were carried away and on the tributaries of the river, which, descending from the hills, were largely swollen, several bridges were swept away. Several sheep had also been carried away, and their drowned carcasses were found several miles down the river. The HOOT had the effect of stopping the mills along the river banks by the huge quantity of back-water. On Wednesday night the river near Orloff was subsiding. In the same district considerable damage was caused by the high winds, which overturned the stacks on exposed farm yards, and unroofed' several thatched cottages on the hill sides. In Stirling, where high winds were also experienced, there was a very thick hail shower at midday. There have also been heavy floods in the rivers in the south of Scotland. The Tweed rose to a great height yesterday morning in its' upper waters, and in the neighbourhood of Innot leithen and Wulkerburn the bordering laughs were flooded to a great extent. Messrs. Dalziel's mill at Wulkerburn was stopped by the back-water. Our Hardwick correspondent describes the storm as one of the most severe ever experienced in that quarter. The wind rose on Tuesday evening, and increased during the night to a pitch of fearful violence. In consequence of the heavy rains which accompanied the storm, the Teviot and Slitrigworo swollen to high flood during the forenoon, hub both streams decreased considerably us the day advanced. On the whole, although the storm seems to have been very violent in the parts of the country reported from, the dum ago to property, so far as ascertained, is comparatively inconsiderable.-Scotsman. TEN YEARS' SOLDIERS IN INDIA.-Wo are informed that, notwithstanding the liberal offer of a bounty of 19. and a gratuity of 50., which has been made to the 10 years' men serving in Rujpootunuh with a view to induce them to re- enlist, very few have consented to remain. America appears to be the ElDorado to which most of them look forward.-Hurharu. MILFORD HAVEN OYSTER FISHER-The valuable oyster fishery at Milford has of late been seriously interfered with by the oysters being caught and taken to other districts in order to be laid down in foreign beds. The Deep Sea Fishery Commissioner have recently visited Pembrokeshire, and, noting upon their recommendation and the power contained in an old local Act, the county authorities have determined to make byelaws for the better preservation of the fishes y. When these are carried out it in expected that the Milford Haven Oyster Fishery will be one of the most productive in the kingdom, . . 