THE WEEK'S NEWS. News FROJr THE F/b Nobth.—We learn that the natives arc continuing their depredations to the north-eastward in the direction of Messrs. Price and Beetson's runs, and near Tooth's Knob. The abandonment of slations is stili being pro ceeded with, and it is stated that the daststorms produce a very pernicious effect upon the remaining sheep in the Northern District. Police Pay.—The Commissioner of Police has, in accordance with instructions from Government, issued an order that all officers receiv ug a daily rale of pay shall lie authorized to draw a farther sum of Od. per day until the 31st December next. An increase, equal to 5 per cent, in each month's salary, shall be paid to Iuspcetors during the saine period. T he Coming Habvest.—Mr. "Walter Thomson* of O Hadeian Hill, a well-known and experienced farmer, lias just returned to Adelaide from a journey extending through portions of the Northern, Southern, and Soutli-Eastern Districts, and he has kindly supplied us Kith the following information, founded upon his impression, of the present state of the crops in the agricultural localities through which he has passed. Be states that between Truro to J anunda a good average J ield may he anticipated, aud that betwecu Tanunda and Lyndcch Valley the crops also promise Kelt Between f-yndoch Vuilev aud Ganler the appearance of the fields about a week ago was favourable, but about a mile from tbe lath r place Mr. Thomson, in one section, collected m his grasp a handful, which upon examination, in tne presence of Mr. Cave, he found to consist of 2h lusty aud eight sound stalks. At Smithfield the harvest gives judications of being both late and light. In the south aud south-eastern portion of his tour Mr. Thomson was accompanied by Mr. Thomas, of Kooringa, who, as our readers have already been infonned, has been engaged by the Agricultural and Horticultural Society to collect for purposes of analysis speci" mens cf soil in diffueut parts of the colony. They started from O'iialiorun 11 ill, where the crops arc fair, although not exempted from plague of black rust, and proceeded iu the first iustance to Clarendon. Here the hopes of the farmers are being blighted through the ravages of the take-all disease. The harvest in Dashwood's Gully will sulfer still more severely from tile same cause. At Bull's Creek. Eehunga, and the neighbourhood, it has been more extensively destructive, andat Mount Barker, the terminus of our informant's journey, it is beginning to carry oil" the crops, although! with this exception, their appearance is good. Mr. Thomas was joined in tliis part of the country by Mr. John Frame, who did what he could to further the object he had in view, and subse quently accompanied him to town, whence lie started yesterday c?i route to Gumeracha and the adjacent localities. Although Mr. Thomson did not visit the rStiathalbyu Plains or the country' surrounding Wood ide, he informs us that he has it on good authority that the take-al! disease is doing havoc in the former place, and that in the latter it is fully worse than at Mouut Barker. W ith regard to the yield of wheat generally, how ever, his estimate is not unfavourable, as he cal culates that it will only average from a busliel to a bushel and a half less than last year. 'J he opinion he has formed respecting the hay crop is that it will t from a quarter to a third lighter than in the harvest of 1SG1. The barley in the direction of Tanunda is very good. That product, it appears, is not affected by rust, although amenable to the takc-a.ll disease. Mr. Thomson holds strongly to the view that late sowing is one of the most effectual remedies against rust. He wishes it to be distinctly undeistood, with respect to the infor mat ion gh en above, t hat it is impossible to count upon the yield as yet, so much depending upon the weather during the next two or three weeks. Carre itE of Natives in the Fab North.— The letter from Umberatana, from which we have quoted elsewhere, describes as follows an engage ment between the police and the natives, in which one of the latter was killed and two captured:—" On Sunday, September 30, there seems to have been a great row at Mount I reding. It dice-troopers I otutcr and Gason came down on the niggers in the creek below the station, and managed to capture Mrs. Forbes and Parrailana Jacky. Par rallana Tommy was shot, and all the others got away. It was a splendid haul, most of those whom warrants were out for being there. Tommv, after receiving three bullets in his body, would n".t give in then but Gasou managed to "get his hand? on him. It appears quite a miracle that uoae of the whites were hurt. Tommy lived about an hour aud then died. They say liis suff erings were very had. There appears to have beeu a good many blacks there. The lubras did all they could to frighten the horses while the police were trying to catch toe prisoners. The next job, it appears, will he an inquest. They will have some difficulty to get Juiymen in this part of the world. I only hope you may he here before that takes place. The troopers wanted horse-feed, but I told them I was sorry 1 had none for them; so they were obliged to paddock their horses for the night, IVe had the two prisoners cliaiued down iu the kitchen, and the troopers slept with them. I do not think they will stand a ghost of a chance with Gason of getting away." DusTSTOiiiis in the Nobth.—Accounts have reached Adelaide of very violent dust storms which have prevaile-l tluoughout the whole extent of the North, aud which to a certain degree have been general ail over the colony. The first occurred on Friday, tlic Gbh .instant; and we are informed by Mr. George Marchant, who has just returned from theNortli, that so thick and blinding were the clouds of dust raised that it took him eight hours to traverse the distance between Bagless's Station and Kauyaka (16 miles), and that during the period of fully an hour lie was utterly unable to see the earth wlule sitting on horseback. The same gentleman informs us that at 7 o'clock on the following Sunday morning a furious wind ap proached Arkaba from the North, accompanied by dust equalling in quantity that which had infested the air on the previous occasion. This continued until 1 o'clock, when without any perceptible lull it veered round to the south-west and blew with almost uninterrupted force until 4 o'clock in the afternoon. The gale occasioned some damage to the verandah of the house and the roof of the woolshed at Arkaba; but at Kauyaka, 130 miles further south, its effects were more destructive. The whole of the northern side of the hotel roof was carried away, the stable was swept clean of every vestige of its former contents, and some galvanized iron was whirled as far as 400 or 5c0 yards away. The store at Black Jack was also partially unroofed, and to prevent further injury its covering had to he weighted down with stones and logs. Mr. Maicliant was also credibly informed that a wagon loaded with three tons of goods was driven a distance of eight yards by the impetus of the storm. A letter from Umberatana of date October 4 indicates that these storms, or at least one of them, had been felt there. The writer says:—" Since writing you last the weather has been much the same as when you were here. We have liad two light showers since, and the rain seems to hare done very little good, with the exception, perhaps, of freshening up the bushes, there being no signs of grass We have had a veiy severe duststorm; it gave me a fright, as I made sure the woolshed roof would have been carried away. It took the whole of the iron off the harness-room— frame and all—and carried it down 50 yards in front of the sto e, took several sheets of iron off another Louse, and the loose sheets that were stored up against the end of the stove were blowmgabout like so many pieces of paper." Supreme Court.—In the Supreme Couit on Friday, the rule nisi granted in the Local Court case of Murray v. Var'ey was discharged, aud a similar decision was arrived at In the case of Bid path v. Vailey Several other motions were dis posed of, and the Court adjourned until Tuesdav next at the usual hour. Adelaide Folice Court. — On Friday there were only two cases before the Court. A woman charged with the use of foul language was fined 2s. ed; and a man who had left his horse and dray on some lawful 1 usiness, and thereby incurred a penalty, was dismissed with a caution. The Gaxvleb Bcegi-aiis.—The desperadoes who have commenced the 1 usiness of burglary in Gawler Town are destined to have a short career. Already there is good reason to believe that the perpetrator of the robbery at Mr. Lynch's shop is in the haiids of justice, and if he had a companion it is not improbable that he also is in durance vile On Thursday night the shop of Mr. W. Browning Murray-street, was broken into, and a cash-box! containing £15, was stolen. A man named Hugh Nimmo has beeu arrested, examined, and com mitted for trial for this offence. Pbize Meat.—The butchers' shops will this day display such a profusion of prima beef, mutton, lamb, and pork as must satisfy the greatest croaker amongst us that meat can and ought to be good aud plentiful, notwilistandin" the drought iu the Far North. The carcase of a betfer, bred by Dr. Browne, and fed by Mr. C. B. Fisher, will he exhibited by Mr. Edwards, of Hmdiey-street, which it is estimated will wei«h eight cwt. and a half. A porcine monster, weighing 5 c;> t. 3 qrs. 4 lbs., will l>e the great object of ob servation at Mr Ballantyuc's, Bundle-street. Mr. Conrad, Hindley-street, will exliibit first prize sheep and lambs ready for the chopper. Mr. Evans, Hindley-street, has prepared for Itis par ticular customers the first prize bullocks from the Darling: and Mr. Blinman, of Brown-street, has in his shop some of the choicest beef tbat attracted wliilst alive attentiou at the Cattle Show. ; Accident.—About 4 o'clock on Friday after " noon an accident happened on the line at Salis bury to a young man turned John Hamlj-n, a re identof North Adelaide, and an employe on the railway. He was going down the embank ment by the side of the rails near the bridge ad joining the station, wlien he slipped, aud in falling stepped on a stone and twisted his leg. breaking it in two places, tie was conveyed to a place of safety, and medical assistance at once procured. ! A telegram was sent to town, aud Mr. Calf, the | Adelaide Stationmnsfer, promptly dispatched a special train to Salisbury. The sufferer was then conveyed to Adelaide, and from thence to j the Hospital, where, on enquiry last night, we learned that he was progressing favourably. I The Late Boat accident at AIabino. — A meeting cf the inhabitants cf Gleneig, convened upon a requisition to the Mayor, took place at the Pier Hotel on Friday evening, the Oth instant, lEiih-a-riewr to consider the best means for alle viaung the distiess occasioned by the recent disaster at Marino. A large number of persons attended, including Mr. J. Peacock, ALP., the Hon. A..Scott, Messrs. E. W. Andrews, s. P. H. Wright, W. J. Brind, W. R. Wiglev, H.'b. James, J. AL Mitchell, r-tevenson, Hitclicox, and C. Ham bridge. The Mayor of Gleneig (the Hon. H. B. T. Strangways) opened the meeting by reading tlie advertisement, explaining that the requisition was submitted to bim tli ee days after the lament able accident occurred, but in accordance with a suggestion lie 1iad waited to see what steps the Government proposed to take in the matter. Tliey were probably all aware that the Assembly had qmte unanimously voted winch tiiey desired to see expended in a way mod likely to afloid permanent relief. This thev bc He\ed might be Mone by the co-operation of persons who lived in and near that locality, ami i I who might reasoiiahl.v be supposed to give advice ! - as to the best mode of expending t].e m, ,„cv. iJU- ' of course, it must depend greatly upon the circum- ' . stances attending each indiiidnal case, lie would I ' suggest, in reference to the vote, tli-t a Committee I 1 should lie appointed to ascertain as near as pos- i i stble the particulars of each cose, and that they should report the re.-ult to the Government lie J , had been informed that a considerable amount of ! , money in the shape of subscriptions hal been ' collected. It had been proposed to expend the ; ' money-vote at the rate of AiKJd each widow and 1.2-j each orphan, which would give £1^5 to two f families, ami £150 to the other two. 'J he Govern- ! , rnent (11 1 not under the circumstances consider i i luemselves justified in asiting Parliament for anv i grant i«i oulialr <jf the two meii wlio sun ivctl the • accident. but lie thought that very lew of the : < persons who had given subscriptions would desire ■■ i to see t.iern recrire no remuneration j'or their : i personal mjrry and Joss of time thej* had ^us. ' tasiied or object to some acknowledgment bei»" • f 2«vcn thcin for the promptitude and htavcrv with ( 1 wjiicJi thty responded to the call of lh<> Hi-rbour- i ' master to render assistance to a ship which was 1 > m very great danger. Be also thought it would : , meet with general approval ii some testimonial or ; . "«.«•«. of if teem was presented to the lion Mr ; ' 1 iiillips, who endangered bis life in saving two of ; 1 ftie men. His Excellen.w; be keliave/ would i leprcsen, toe lictoic eoniiuet- r.f that gcitlcv-aii to ' i some Society at home conferring lit,notary die- ' tinetions upon individuals saving the lives of ! \ persons 111 immineut danger—lery prubiliiv ' by the next mail to England. He then i 1 suggested the appointment of tiie or seven I : persons, residents of the locality, to act as a i Committee, who should make themselves ac- i i qita'.nted .wito the peculiar circumstances of each I , vase ly individual enqui v, so tliat none of t'm ! ' money should be injudicious]v expended He ' ' read a letter f nm Mr. R. B. Volley, who was un- : ! cspectedly detained in town, but who placed his ! seivices at tue disposal of the meeting Aion~ i discussion, m which Messrs. J. Peacock7, M.P., s. I P H. Wright. E. W. Andrews, W.J.Bnnd, \v! 11. Higiey, H. Aloseley, and other gentlemen took - part, ensued. Respecting t e advisability of lirst i appombug trustees and then a Committee great ' Oiversity of opinion seemed to exist as to the best \\\u) <»t proeeeiii»<7, and luauy minor points were considered. At length the following resolution was submitted to the meeting, moved by Air. J. Peacock, ALP., and seconded by Air. S. P. H. if?, , ''hat Ule, Treasurer, and the Mayor of G.enelg for the tune beiug, and Mr. J. B. Aeales, ALP., be appointed trustees for tbe pur pose or managing any funds available for the widows and orphans of the recently drowned." -to tins an amendment was revved by Air H 1? James, and seconded by Mr. G. Hambridge, '"That S" If ealcs, AI.P., 1{ B. Colley, Hitclicox, tiie Revs.. C. Alanthorpe and T. Field, Messrs. s. P. 1L Wright, \\\\. J. Brmd, and the Hon. A. Scott, be a Committee to collect subscriptions, to appoint a Chairman, and three members to form a quorum; the Onumuiee to have power to add to tdeir number. ' This was carried, the amend ment being lost. It was next proposed t v Mr. H. fr'd secrmde,<i l'i' Mr. J. M. Mitchell, ihat tue Committee be recommended to appoint as members of the Committee the Alavors of art Corporations and Distiict Councils." ' Carried. I he Chairman, m reply to a question, said that, as Jar as bis memory served him, the Committee wcu.a consist of about 67 persons, three forming a quorum. Air. Aloseley intimated that his was to secure the services of tiie additional gentlemen he had proposed only so tat as collecting subscriptions was con cerned. , Mr. Yv. B. A7igley moved, and Air. i ,ara >ridgc seconde'l, the following motion, winch was unanimously agreed to. "That a por tion ot the subscriptions, the amount to be after wards determined, be awarded to Alessrs. Shepard 2iui liurton, the suirivoK." A(juesiion urosc «i,7<Jiu respecting the disposal of the funds, but it^ as ultimately settled by the adoption of the subjo netl resolution, proposed by Mr. 35. W. Andiews, and sec-mued by Air t'/. R. Wggley, " Tiiat the torn mittee have full power to deal with the funds sub scribed, liicluji.g, if placed at their disposal, the amount voted hv the Pail lament." The usual vote or tnan»s concluded the proceedings. AokW'OOD IVf.SI.KVAX AIllTUAt, IlrPBOVEMEXT Association.—Tue members of tiie Young Men's Association held their half-yearly soiree in the Tr'. Norwood, on Friday evening, October o. The programme -a most attractive one -com prising singing, a lecture, and recitations, was, so far as the recitations were concerned, carried out in a manner that speaks we 1 for the Association; while it is needless to particularize the various ex cellent pieces of music given by the Choral Union, who. we must say, everted themselves in sucli a manner to please the friends present that in everv instance the gains of music given by tbeiu were most enthusiastically applauded and in several cases repetitions had to 'oe submitted to. The Eev. James Alaughan amused and instructed a delighted audience for about two hours by his lecture " On the Philosophy of Light and Theory of Colour," humorously and ciearly explaining by means of various appliances the diScrent properties of light; and in the second part of his lecture treating of the solar spectrum and theory of colour, by mean-, of diagrams and experiments. In conclusion, lie exhorted all to the study of the Book of Afature, whereby they wouid become more acquainted with the character of that Being who has said, "Let there be light, and there was light." The rccita. ticus—all well adapted for the occasion—were given bx.Messrs. Webb, J. L. Coomhe, S. Ji. Iron side, \V. Cai vo-so, and Davids, and were received with every mark of approbation. A vote of thanks to Air. Maughan for his admirable lecture was proposed by AH. Sharlaud, seconded by the Alayor of Kensington and Korwood, and carried enthusiastically. A similar vote was passed to the Choral Union, and the programme was exhausted by the benediction being pronounced at the rather late hour of a quarter past II. Befoie tbe company separated the Ley. J. Alaugban, to their great admiration, exhibited tbe magnesium light very successfully forming a very brilliant finale to tbe soiree, which in every respect passed off most suc cesstu ly. Thg Police For.CE.—Poiice-coustable James Eigney has been discharged and George Kempster has been dismissed the police force. Kekelais Kildail and i icliaid Quaiu have been appointed constables, and Amos Preston to be a special constable. Pbisoxers; in Gaol.—A classified return of prisoners in gaol for the month ending September 30 shows that there were 45 sentenced to hard labour, of whom 15 were females; for im prisonment only 2L of whom 7 were females and 1 a juvenile; committed for trial 19, including 3 females, 2 aborigines, and I juvenile; insolvents' <i; total, 91. Lease of Government EArLWAys.—It will be seen from our advertising columns that the Com missioner of Public lTorh's has extended tiie time for receiving tenders for the lease of the railways to Alouday, the ltltii October, at noon. The Gekekal Finance and Agency Company. —Though a sufficient number of shares iu this Company had been applied for up to Friday-, the Gib instant, the promoters resolved to bold the list o; en for a few days longer, more especially for tiie convenience of country applicants. On Saturday, the 7th, they received a communication from the Secretary of the Intercolonial Finance Company of Victoria, formed on a similar basis, proposing an amalgamation. The Adelaide shares, however, have been taken up on the terms of a certain prospectus, aud of course no action can he taken on the proposal ivithout the consent of a majority of the shareholders. Amateuk Entertainment. ~ We understand that the net proceeds of the entertainment given by tbe original Amateur Christy's Alinstrels at the Port were £.9 4s. Cd. This amount has been lianucd orerto Air. Straugways, Alayor of Gleneig, for the benevolent object of aiding the subscription in course of collection for the widows and orphans cf the men drowned in returning from the shin Electric. 1 Thial of Mowing Machines.—A public trial of mowing machines in connection with the A"ri- i cultural and Horticultural Society took place at r Tneoarton on Wednesday, October I'. The ' weather was rather gloomy, but there was a lawe attendance of visitors notwithstanding. The coin petition was not 1 irge, as only five machines were entered-four by Alessrs. Tuxford. and one bv 3Ir. J. Alelior. Two prizes were offered, and botb were awarded to Alessrs. Tuxford. The ground and crop were not very suitable for the trial", but on the whole the machines worked verv well An acci dent occurred to Mr. Mcllors shortly afier com mencing work. Poes Adelaide Cricket Club.—a meeting of the members of ibis Club took place iu Mr Kind's schoolroom on Friday, the Cth, w hen an encoura "in balance-sheet was read and the following ofiiec-is elected for the ensuing year:—President, Sir. John Forinby; Captain and Treasurer, Eev S Grecn Secrttary, Air. H. Bpaiks. Messrs. Meivii'le, Hop kins, and Cainmeii were also appointed to act with the officers, as aCoiumiltee to make arrangements for matches, &c..; Ancient Order of Foresters.—A Branch Court of ibe Adelaide District, Ancient Order cf Foresters, was opened by the District Officers oil Wednesday, October 4, at ihe house of John Bi-nnett, Trmo Hotel, Truro. Fourteen persons were initiated as founders of the Court, which is named 4 Court Tiuro, No. 4,260 " Twelve persons stand proposed for initiation. F.C.It. Warhurton, of Court Old Oak of England, Angaston, con sented, mid was appointed (ill, for tile first term. The following were elected to the various offices; Brothers Houston, S.C.J1.; Peed, loecretnry; Bennett, Treasurer; Dr. Weld, c-f Angaiton,' | Surgeon; Barton, sen. IV.; Orrocks, jmi'. V7.' Lesfield, sen. B. ' I TELKCHArinc Amenities. —The South At;-;- ! tralian telegrams of a Alclhourne contemporary announce, amongst a lot of other curious infer- ! mation, that "The Iloansville mail-contractor is ' a candidate with Mr. iiagot for the vacant-..- 0f i Light," Destitution.—From the average daily return of destitute poor aud sick supported by Government for the month ended Sept. 30, it appears that there were receiving relief—Indoor 128 English, 47 Irish. 10 Scotch, 7 of other countries; total, 192. Outdoor — 357 English, 104 Irish, 4'i Scotch, and 34 of other countries; total, 535. Sick in the Colonial Hospital —58 English, 3U Irish, 13 Scotch, and 13 of other countries; total, 112. Grand total, 89?. Viceregal Dinner. — We understand that members of Parliament have received imitations fronrilis Excellency the Governor to a dinner on the J 9th instant. The Matjonat. Hank.—From enquiry we learn that Mr. Cunningham, the Manager of the National Bank of Australasia at Melbourne, owing to con-. tinued ill-heaUh, retires from the Bank, and that the Directors have instructed Mr. Frederick Wright, of the London office, to return to Aus tralia. We are unable to learn who will succeed Sir. Wright. Luster's Case.—The Bill introduced for the protection of certain persons from actions, on account of the recant defective state of the Lunacy Law, provides that if any such action has already been brought, the same shall he discontinued, aud that the defendant is to have his costs as between attorney and client. Publicans' Licences.—The Treasurer's resolu tions on publicans' licences have been agreed to in the Assembly.. They will now have to be embodied in a Bill. The Escaped Convict.—Our King George's Sound correspondent says:—"As I reported last month, a ouvict named Parker, belonging to the Pilot Establishment, seized a boat belonging that department, and attempted to make his escape; but, as was then observed, owing to the prevalence of westerly gales he would be compelled to run in the direction of Adelaide. The facts come to light veiify this idea, as the boat was picked up at Cape Knob, aud it is surmised that the unfortunate convict, while in the beat, was overtaken by a sudden squall, and let fly the sheet, causing the sail to fly over the masthead, and thus capsized tile boat. His body is not yet recovered." The late Boat Accident.—In addition to the amounts already acknowledged, we have received A3 from the Lord bishop of Adelaide, and A3 from Captain Hooch, of the Burra Mine, in aid of the subscription for the suiierers by the late boat accident at Marino. The Drought in the North.—There has been exhibited in tlie Exchaiigedurmg the week apictoiial representation of the death and desolation conse quent upon the drought in the Far North. Two hues in ruins mark ihe site of a deserted station. Animals are lying dead in all directions, including the proper occupants of the run and trespassers frem the forest, One old horse, inured by many a hush journey to deprivation, is tottering to his ! last fall, and a woe-begone cat is evidently making i an effort to mew a mournful requiem over the dry I boues around her. Light Election*.—The nomination took place at hood, on Monday, at the Court- Houie, About 50 persons were present. The Returning Ofiicer read the writ, and also the nominations. Mr. J. T. Bagot was pro pored by Messrs. H. Kcllv, D. Shannon, W. Oldham, M. H. S. Blood, T. Hogan, T. Eidge, H. F. A- Kruger, and W. Lewis; the seconders were Messrs. G. M. Alien, J. T, Howe. J. Howe, W. Began, J. Hogan, J. Small, M. Kenny, and J. Sliinnick. Mr. Rnunsevell was proposed by Messrs. J. Mullen, E. Palmer, J. Pearce, C. F. Ford,and E. Hart; andthesccondeis were Mcssis. E. E. Fry, H. tVlieare, E. J. Day, T. Duel!, and H. Trevaskis. The Eeturuing j Officer then announced that Thursday, the 12th, would be tlie day of election, and mentioned the ; d.fferent polling-places and the hours between which the votes would be taken. It will be seen from ; our telegraphic intelligence in another column that this election iias been decided in favour of the new ; candidate Mr. Kounsevell. He beaded the poll with 303 votes, Mr. Eagot having 37-L St. Francis Xavier's Hall Lottery.—The [ distribution of prizes in the lottery held in aid of | tlie lecture-hall of the Church of St. Francis j Xavicr took place on Wednesday at White's Assembly Eooms. The proceedings c mmcnced at midday, and continued with unabated spirit ( until a little after 10 at night. Tlie room was well ; filled durlng'the day, and at Bight it was absolutely j crowded. The prizes, which consisted of every ; conceivable commodity, useful and ornamental, j were ranged on stalls, which weie presided over by j a number of ladies. In the evening an amateur • band, assisted by a few professionals, played a j variety of popular airs in a really creditable manner. | Wheal Coders* Mining Company.—A meeting | of the shareholders in the Wheal CogliD Mining j Company was held on Friday, the 6th October, for | the purpose of enlarging the proprietary in prder to facilitate the working of the valuable lodes which have been discovered on the property. Mr. Wm. Morgan was voted to the chair. The first business done was to appoint Messrs. Belt, Cullen, and Wigley as solicitors. A resolution was theu passed to divide the interest into 7,20') shares, and to bring the Company at once under the Act. A Board of Directors was elected, consisting of Messrs. W. Morgan, E. M. Young, B. B. Collev, W. E. Wigley, and P. Mitchell. We may state that the progress made, aud the quantity of ore actually shipped from these mines have created considerable excitement in town, and many people have paid high in comparison with the money laid out by the original adventurers to get an interest in the undertaking. The original shares, upon which only *20 hare been paid, were sold in portions during Friday at £756. The Tenders for the Government Bail Wats.—A Parl.aineutary Paper containing some correspondence on this subject has just been published. Our readers will remember that Go v- r meut advertised for tenders in the Gazette of 23rd February last, iiiey appear to have received but two offers—one from Messrs. J. T. Bagot and H. E. Fuller, on belialf of some London capitalists; and the other from Mr. E. M. Young, of the Kational Bank, on behalf of the Inter national Finance Society (Limited) of London. These were sent in on the 17tli August and the 24 th June respectively. In August, when Messrs. Bagot and Fuller sent in their tender, they adverted to a rumour then growing current that the Govern ment were to exteud the time for receiving tenders indefinitely. This eourse they protested against as unfair to the original offerers. The Government cut the matter short by declining both tlie tenders they had already received. This happened on the -1th August. About a month afterwards, and on the eve of the reassembly of Parliament, they wrote to the disappointed negotiators, asking leave to lay their offers before the House. Messrs. Bagot and Fuller at once complied. Mr. Youngat first did the same on the presumption that the object of so laying his offer before Parliament would be to receive the decision of that body on its fate. The Hon. Com missioner, however, intimated that its fate was already decided, and all he wished to afford Par liament was simple information of the same. Mr. Young deemed this kind of publicity superfluous! and withdrew his consent. The Kiyer Mdrray Mails.—A Wentwortli correspondent informs us that the receut change made in the dispatch Of these mails by our Post master-General will prove very inconvenient to the settlers on the Darling and Upper Murray. Hitherto the Adelaide, Melbourne, aud Fvdnev mails iiave arrived at Wenthwoith witlfiu 21 hours of each other, and been forwarded at once to their ultimate destination. The effect of the Adelaide mail arriving at a different time, and toe other mails continuing as before, will he to delay Adelaide letteis for the Darling aud Upper Murray a .whole week at Weutworth. Our corre spondent says that if any change is to be intro duced the Post-Office authorities of the three colonics should act in concert. Bushrxnging on a Small Scvle.—The following extract of a private letter frcm the t~°uth has been obligingly furnished by a merchant in the city:—"TheStone Hut (situated between Mount Burr aud Guiehea Bay) was partially stuck up on b ti Jay night, September 22, by two marauders. Tlie building is in a very lonely situation, the nearest p'ace being 25 miles distant with theexeeption of a small hut about a quarter of a mile off, in which two men and their families reside. The landlord or the Stone Hut was absent on business on the evening ia question, and the only man on the place was a Mr. Saju (traveller for Mr. M. Brandon) who had put up for the Pi 1 ,, ,was ;lrous<-'d by cries of assistance from the landlady, wncn lie found that two men bad gained admittance and were ransacking the pre mises. The two residents of tlie hut previously a.luded to came up shortly afterwards, and the rascals made o.i, having gained nothing by their venture, .the money that was in tlie house having jortuna.e y been secreted hi oue apartment while tney were searching in another." A Profitable Trip to Scarborough. Mr Sothera (says the Era) has been playing an engagement at the Theatre Boyal, .Scarborough, to the following almost unheard of prices .-—Dress circie stalls, 3 -'s.; dress lioxes, 7s. yd.: half the pit, at 4s.; other lialf, at 2s.; and gallery, 3s. The houses, nevertheless, were literally crammed, the orchestra plaj-ing on the stage, and the musicians' seats coolly sold at 7s. Cd. apie e. SoufH Australian Cricket Clcb.- The atten- , dance of members at practice on Saturday, the 7th inst, was very large, in fact, the largest of the present season. A scratch match was got up, for ' which sides were chosen by Messrs. Giles and ' Samson, that * of the former being winners by 23 inns. The return single wicket match between Messrs. Payne and McEllister did not take place, as neither of the competitors were on the ground at the appointed time, bat after the practice the conquering match between Messrs. Old and hclilinke was played, Messrs. DaviusaudGrossman acting a; umpires. A dispute arose whether Mr Old was out or not, but both tbe umiiircs decided the game in Mr. Schlmke's favour. Mr. Sciiiinke scored 7, and Mr. OH 2 runs in one innings, and the second innings was not played. Burton is Circus.—Mr. Burton aud his clcte troupe visited and performed at tbe Port on Friday ami paUuday evenings, when tlie pavilion was on each occasion crowded. Everything went off" we", the feats of the Leatou Troupe being especially admired. The Gawler Fete.—A vaguely-worded notice arpears from the Acting Manager of Railways, stating that upon the ocjan-ion of the Gawler Fete and flic Prince of \V area's Birthday excursion i tickets v.-.il be issued, available for three clear days. Geand Review.- His Excellency has signified 1 his intention to review the volunteer force on the 9th proximo, the anniversary of the birth of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales. Officeis commanding troops and companies are requested to make arrangements for the attendance of their men in Adelaide upon that occasion. The parade will be formed in front of the Staff Office at 10.45. The usual facilities for transport will be allowed. White capcovers are to be worn by all ranks. South AusrnALtiit Institute.—The annual meeting of subscribers was held in the Reading itoom on Thursday evening, October 13. The report was adopted as read. At the meeting for the election of Governors five candidates were pio. posed, and the day of polling fixed for that day week. Votes of thanks were passed to the Governors of the past year for their services, also to the officers of the Institute and the chair, and the meeting separated. Obituary.— We regret to leam that Mr. G. "W. Earl, whose writings on .North Australia are so well known in this colony, died on the 9th of August last whilst on his passage from Singapore to liondon. Death of a Native Missionary.—In our obituary Gf to-day will be found a notice of the death of David Bony, a converted aboriginal, who came over here in June last with the Moravian inissionaries, intending to proceed to Cooper's Creek. He was a native of the Wimmera district in Victoria, and at the time of his death was only 34 years of age. For five weeks hack he had been in the Adelaide Hospital suffering from con sumption. Every attention was paid to him by the authorities there, and many Christian friends out of doors did all they could for his relief, but the disease terminated fatally on the evening of Wednesday, 11th instant. On account of the poor natives it is much to be regretted that their con verted brother has thus prematurely been cut cflj while a= it were iu the very act of carrying to them the Gospel of Christ which bad made himself a new man. " The Date Boat Accident. — We have to acknowledge the receipt, through His Worship the Mayor oi G'.enelg, of a cheque for £9 4s. 6d., being tire proceeds of the entertainment given last Tues day evening in Mr. King's Schoolroom, Fort Adelaide, by the Amateur Christy Minstrels (Original), in aid of the sufferers by the late lamentable boat accident near the Marino rocks. Vital Statistics.—A comparative return for the month of September, by Mr. J. F. Clelaud, Registrar-General of Births, Deaths, &c.;, has been published, by -which it appears that the average population of the colony was 147,702, the births 615, and the rate per cent "416. The deaths, all ages, were 127; the rate per cent., '087. The violent deaths were—1 by fracture or contusion, 5 i by drowning, and 2 by other causes. The Driest. - Captain Harris, the courteous commander of the good shin Orieut. invited a large number of the leading colonists to a flailing party at Port Adelaideon Saturday, tlie7th instant. The guests left Adelaide by the 11.15 train, and were met at the Port Station by Captain Harris, and conducted by. him to his fine vessel. After some refreshment on board the company adjourned to the steamer Eleanor, which had been engaged for the occasion, and steamed out near to the Lightship, where she cast anchor. The weather was exceedingly beautiful, and the day altogether a thoroughly enjoyable one. Amongst the visitors we noticed sererai members of both Houses of Parliament, including the Chief Secretary, the Treasurer, the Commissioner of Public Works, Captain Hart, atid others. We understand that Captain-Harris received letters of apology for their absence from the Bon. the President of the Legis. lative Council, the Attorney-General, and other gentlemen. Several boats were in attendance for the accommodation of gentlemen anxious to tiy their skill at the piscatorial art, but no success awarded their patient efforts. The fishes refused to bite. Failing success in this pastime, various games were got up on the deck of the steamer. About 2 o'clock the company were summoned to the spacious saloon of the Eleanor, where an elegant and sumptuous entertainment was provided by Captain Harris for bis guests. In the course of the afternoon the Pon. the Chief Secrctaiy proposed "The Health of Captain Harris and Success to the Orient;" the Hon. Captain Bagot proposed "The Health of Captain Lawrence, formerly Commander of the Orient," to both of which toasts Captain Harris responded in feeling and appropriate terms. His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide proposed " The Agents, Messrs. J. Stilling & Co.," to which Mr. Charnock responded in a neat speech. Several songs and recitations were given by the gentlemen present The Eleanor then proceeded under way, roii-ded the Lightship, and returned to Port. Most of the company then adjourned to the ship the Murray, at the invitation of Captain Smart and arter enjoying a pleasant hour on board, re turned to Adelaide by the C.15 train. The captains of the Orient Line have always been distinguished for their profuse hospitality to the citizens of South Australia, and it is not too much to say that a pleasanter party never assembled on board of any of their vessels than that which met on Saturday. Captain Harris was indefatigable in his efforts to promote the comtort and enjoyment of his guests, in which he was ably seconded by the agent, Mr. Charnock. Primitive Methodism.—A correspondent says: —"The opening sen ices of the new Primitive Methodist Chapel, North Kensington, took place on the 21th and 25th of September. Cu the Sab bath three eloquent and impressive sermons were 1 preached—in the morning and evening by the Bev. W J. Dean, of Mount Barker; and in the after noon, by the Rev. A. Pithcu^e. of North Adelaide. On Monday a numerously-attended tea meeting was held hi the chapel; after which a public meeting was ably presided over by Mr. C. H. Goode, M.P., and addresses were delivered of a very interesting and telling character to a highly delighted and crowded audience by the Bevs. Messrs. DeaD, Bead, A. Pithouse. and J. T. Pit bouse. The report was read by H. Cole, which showed the chapel had cost about £-125, exclusive of seats and platform, towards which £128 18s. was raised in cash and promises, £1S of which was raised through the suggestion of a gentleman m the meeting, who offered £2 ^although he had given very liberally) if the £10 could be raised. A trial was made, and the suggestion proved worth £18 to the Building Fund. Altogether the services were consideied a success. The usual votes of thanks were given to the ladies far the tea, the Chairman, and the gentiexau whose suggestion proved so beneficial to the Trust Fund.. The doxologv was then sung, and a very interesting meeting closed by prayer. The chapel is a neat building. 30 x -1 feet inside and 15 feet from floor to ceding. Kensington Congregational Chapel.—The anniversary services of the Kensington Con gregational Church were held on Sunday, (Ictober 1. That in the morning was conducted by the Eev. J. Manghan, who preached to a large congregation from St. John 3rd chapter and 18th verse. " For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life." In the afternoon the Bev. S. Mead, M.A., delivered an excellent sermon to a good atten dance from 1st Corinthians 13th chapter and 12th verse—"For now we see through a glass, darkly; but then face to face: now I know in part; but then shall I know even as also I am known.' In the evening there was also a good attendance, 1 the Eev M. H. Hodge preached a very lucid and in'erestiug discourse from Acts 19th chapter and oQtb verse, "So mightily grew the Word of God, ami prevailed." A collection was made at the end of each of the services, amounting in the aggre gate to £11 7s. The anniversary tea meeting took place on Monday evening, October 2, and was largely attended. Afterwards a public meeting was held, at which also a considerable number \ were present. The Hon. T. Beynolds presided. | After a few remarks he c lled upon the Bev. | y;r Cheetham, pastor of the Church, to read the j annual repoit, which was very favourable. The j Bev. F. W. Cox then addifessed the meeting. He : said it give liim great pleasure to be present at the sixteenth anniversary of that place of worship. He bad been at seven of them, and had only m'ssed one since he had been in the colony.. He was very much in favonrof those kind of reunions Be fully participated in the sentiments expressed in the report. It was pleasing to know that there had been nothing retrogressive m the history of theChureh. and that there h«d been an increase in the congregation and the school. Hp obsen ed that the interest ia anniversaries did not seem to diminish. They had had many mteresring meet ings and many strangers among them. There was that man—unequalled in his way as a revivalist— the Bev. Mr. Taylor; the Bev. Mr. bunderland, a missionary from the South Seas, the Kev. Mr. P-urefrom India; and the Moravian Missionaries, exiting attention and calling for contributions m the cause of God for various good purposes. It was stated in one of.the papers that the Mel bourne people say it is no use for singers and reci-eis re go to Adelaide-nothing will go down there but cliurches. He was glad to say that that remark was somewhat true, and he did not think they could be occupied with anything better.. He spoke in high terms of the minister of the chapel, and trusted that each succeeding year would find his hearers more happy and prosperous, aud that the congregation might increase so as to necessitate an enlargement of the building. The Hon. Wm. Peacock next spoke a few words, lie said he had attended tea meetings for 80 years, and was not tired of them yet. He believed they tended to promote cordiality in the cause of God. The Bev. J. P. Sunderland then spoke at some 1'iigt'i He remarked they must not suppose from what had been said that there w;ere not many tea meetings in Victoria, for he had attended five m one week, and had spoken at each. There was nothing like them. He once tried to get upaineet ii<" without the tea, hut it was a dead failure, tic thought South Australia a wonderful places and was surprised at the improvement which had taken place in so few years. Wherever lie had gone he had been well received, and had gamed, great en couragement in his missionary work. He exhorted the congregation to co-operate with their luimstei, it had a'great influence en a preacher to see a good congregation around him, and he thought no one should lie idle in the, cause of .the Church. 2 lie Kev S. Ironside said lie had aiways ,clt a . ecrct likirig for (lie Independents, and was always happy to show his brotherhood with miuisters of other denominations. Tliey were agreed, lie though., on a great many more things than tliey differed oil. He was of opinion that ministers sl.omd not he suppoi ted by the .State. He was for voluntary aid, and uo sacrifice was too great to make for Cnr,st s sake. He had been a misstonaiy, and was never happier than at that time. The Lev Messrs. Hodge. Howard, Mudie. and Cheetham also ad dressed the meeting, after which votes of thanks to the ladies and the Chairman were passed. During the evening a collection was made, anil the proceedings closed with singing the doxology and prayer. Hobticdltubal and Flobicdltdbai. Socnrrr. —A general meeting of the Horticultural and Floricultural Society was held at the Norfolk Arms on Tuesday, October 10. Present—Dr. Wyide tin the chair), Messrs. W. Hackett, O. Lines, M. Weidenbach, E. Smith, J. Steer, J. W. McBeath, F. c>. C. Driffield, T. O'Halloran, A. Loutit, J. Curnow, W. Pengelly, and the Secretary, Mr. J. B. Smith. The Secretary reported that the sum of 10s. was taken at the doors during the late Show. The business of revising the prize-list for the next Show was then proceeded with, several additional prizes being placed on the list, and others being struck out. At the next meeting of the Society the prizes taken at the last Show will be paid, and Judges appointed for the ensning Show, which is fixed to take place on the 23rd November next. A vote of thanks was unanimously carried to Dr. Schomburgk for his kindness in supplying a very beautiful display of ornamental plants and flowers at the late Show. A vote of thanks was also awarded to the Judges and Committee of Management for tlieir services. Sport on the Mureohbidgee.—The Wagga WaggaExpress, September 16, says:—" The river appears to swarm with monster cod and other fish a few miles lower down, large quantities having been brought into the town during the week, ranging from 15 lbs. to 25 lbs. in weight, which sold readily at fid. per lb.; while the lagoons in the neighbourhood teem with wild duck and other-wild fowl, which afford good sport to even indifferent shots, and materially affect the con sumption of beef and mutton. The beneficial effect of the showers we were blessed with in the early part of the week is already everywhere percep tible in the rapidly springing vegetation, but dry weather again appears to have set in. The river, at the time we write, is nearly six feet Higher than it was a week since, and is still slowly rising.'' Bobbery atFordham's.—On Friday. 6th inst.. 6ome thieves, snppused to be tramps, broke into the stable at Sir. Fordham's, Mount Barker-road, and carried off a set of harness, the property of the landlord, and part of a double set of harness, the property of a gentleman staying at The Eagle on the Hill. A bag of provender also was removed, aud from vestiges discovered some distance from the inn, it was evident the rascals baited a horse there before proceeding upon their journey. The Lands Titles Office.—Mr. Joseph Yates Ashton, Solicitor, has been appointed to the Searching and Drafting Department in the Lands Titles Office. Accident.—On Saturday, the 7th inst., a party of gentlemen were driving southward along King William-street in a dog-cart, when the shaft horse became restive and fell near the corner of Way - mouth-street, and the whole were tlirowh out. Mr. James Haining,' who bad occupied the back seat, was not hurt, Mr. Grant Gosse, who was driving, escaped with a slight cut on the knee, hut Mr. Henry James received some rather severe bruises on the face, and his right arm was broken a little above the wrist. Dr. Bayer immediately attended, and in the course of the day Mr. James was sufficiently well to proceed to his residence at Glenelg. Breaking and Entering.—On Sunday, theSth inst., between the hours of 6 and 8 o'clock, a cottage situated opposite the Star Inn, a short distance off Hindley-street, and" occupied by a railway carter named John Glover, was entered from the window j during the absence of the inmates. Several drawers and boxes were rumaged; but as no money had been, left in the house the would-be thieves were disappointed of their booty. Death of Mb. G. Bellguove.—A recent accident to Mr. George Bellgrove has resulted in bis death. Deceased drove out on Monday, October 2,1 in a cart to Hindmarsb, arriving about € o'clock in the evening. In stepping from the cart he missed his footing, and fell with some violence to the ground, sustaining severe internal injuries and a contusion of the head. He died on Tuesday nighr, October 10, after great suffering* A post-mortem examination having removed any doubt as to the immediate cause of -death (rupture of thebladder), noinquestwas necessary. Deceased, who was a man of highly respectable character, had charge of Mr. Morgan's retail establishment in Hindley-street. fie leaves a widow and five young children, the eldest not more than eight years of age. Accident.—About 10 o'clock on Wednesday morning an accident happened at the Savings Bank, King William-street, to Bobert Forbes, a painter, living in Grenfell-street. He had been moving a plank on the parapet in the middle part of the building, when he overbalanced himself and fell a distance of about 30 feet on to the footpath. Fortunately he avoided the iron railings in front of the Bank. He had sufficient strength to go to the Hospital, whereiit was found he bad not sustained arfy serious injuiy, and it is expected that in a day or two he will be 'able to resume his usual employ ment. One of the "fails was broken, but it is sup posed to have been done by the plank which fell along with Forbes.; Accident.—On Wednesday, between 12 and 1 o'clock, an accident of a serious nature happened in a right of way leading from the rear of the Messrs. Morgan & Co.'s wholesale store, Currie street, to Waymoulh-street. A lorry, in which goods had been conveyed from the railway, was left in the right of way in charge of a lad named Littlefield, and whilst the driver was absent the horses by some means lock fright, and started off. Before the lad could could control the horses the lorry struck against a wall and capsized. The lad, in his terror, sprang from the loiry and caught part of the harness, to which he clung for a few seconds, hut fell, and the lorry was dragged over him. When taken up he was insensible, but soon recovered consciousness, and'was assisted to the City Arms public-house, frtm whence he was afterwards removed to his home in a conveyance. He sustained two cuts in his face, and was greatly bruised; but we were informed last evening that he was not considered in danger. We are not able to say that any blame rests on the party who had primary charge of the lony; but there was a very suspicious disinclination to give information as to how the accident occurred. The Jewel Bobbeby at Gawleb Town.—In our Fort Adelaide Police report will be found a notice of the trial of a man named George Bevan, alias Bryan, for an assault on a pawnbroker. We have since learned that on his apprehension a watch was found upon him which has been identified as part of the property stolen from Mr. Lynch's shop recently. There were also found on. liiin two pawn-tickets for watches, which furnish a further link of evideuce in that important case. Australian Alliance Assubance Compant. —We are requested to call attention to the satis factory report of the Australian Alliance Assurance Company, which appears in our advertising columns. The losses in the Fire Branch have been very heavy, and the first Life losses have occurred during; the past year; but the Marine losses have been!remarkably light, only JE413 Is. 8d., and there have been no losses in the Guarantee Department.^ A dividend of 10 per cent, has been declared for the past year, and it is expected that the triennial investigation of profits, now pro ceeding, will prove to be eminently satisfactory. Intebcolonial Eifle Match.—The rifle-match arranged some time since between 20 South Aus tralian volunteers and 20 of the volunteers in Hew South Wales took place at the Butts on the South Park Lands on Tuesday, October 10. The weather during a greater portion of the shooting was very windy, and consequently the firing was on the whole not very good. The distances were 200. 300, 50and 000 yards, and seven rounds at each distance; and the total score made was 1,181 points, being an average of Bfl.'n points per man. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the District of Adelaide during the week ended Saturday, the 7th of October, were:—Births—25 males, 23 females; deaths—13 males, 3 females. Total—48 births, 16 deaths. Excess < f births," 32. Horse Accident.—On Sunday, October 8, about 6 o'clock, a young man named Wilson was mount ing a horse near the Parade, .Norwood, when the horse started off at a canter. The young man had only one foot in the stirrup, and in a short time he either fell or was thrown, and jiros picked up insensible. He was in a very precarious state on Monday morning, being, although under medical treatment, quite delirious. The Foochow Tea Market.—Messrs. Forster and Co.'s Foochow circular of August 7 reports the Eliza Blanche cleared for Melbourne on 3rd August with 190.300 lbs. teas; the Cathay, for Sydney, on August 4, with 320,400 lbs. Messrs. Foister's further circular of August 26th has not yet come to hand ; but on 7ch" August there were loading for Australia the Kalhambra, Sea Nymph, and Con" cordia. Fobestbt.—The anniversary of Court Aldinga. No. 3007, was held with great eclat on the 6tli inst. The brothers met at 10 o'clock in the Courtroom, from whence they marched to a paddock adjoining Mr. Lutterworth's mill. Great preparations had been made for the day's enjoyment, and the brethren and their friends, amongst whom the fair sex was well represented, went in heartily for amusement. The picnic, enlivened by the strains of a brass band, was diversified by various manly sports and athletic exercises—such as football, quoits, cricket, jingling, dipping for oranges, and rabbit-hunting. The approach of evening termi nated the outdoor sports, but not the pleasures of the "gala dfiy," and a store adjoining the mill having been simply hut neatly decorated for a ball room, dancing—the pastime the ladies love—was commenced with spirit and kept up until the fol lowing morning. Adelaide Jewish Young Men's Improvement Association.—U he usual fortnightly meet ng of this Society was held in the Synagogue vestry room on the evening of the 8th instant. The chair was occupied by Mr. H. Bennett, and the vice- cliair by Mr. P. Lawrence. The President, Mr. Samuel Solomon, jun., delivered a lecture upon "The Combustible Elements." He treated his subject iu au interesting manner, and illustrated bis remarks by several succe-sful ex periments. On concluding, a vote of thanks to him was proposed by Mr. M. Lawrence, and carried unanimously. A similar compliment to the Chair man closed a very plea-ant meeting. New Colonial Manufacture.—Mr. H. D. O'tlfcilly has left at our office a specimen of writing ink made by him from wattle bark and other colonial ingredients. It has a pale appearance when first applied to paper, but intensifies iu drying by absorbing oxygen from the atmosphere. 