W1SSLE¥AN .CONFERENCE. SltfcONI) Dat. T he President, the licv.-, J. '45. Waugh, on tlie 20th instant, opened the Oonferenoc. The scriptures were read, and tliellevs. S.IroiiflideandT. Williams offered prayer. The secretary read Hie minutes of the pre ceduig day's business. The President informed the Conference that lie had the pleasure of announcing that tlie Hon. George Allen, M.L.C., had sent through liim an invitation to tlie ministers and their families to spend a social evening at Toxteth Park on some evening to be named by themselves. The evening ; of Tuesday next, 31st instant, was appointed. On reassembling at 2 p.m., after singing and player offered by the secretary, the roll was called. The President stated that several of the brethren were absent in consequence of attendance at the funeral of the late Captain Kendall, but that they were expected to be in their places in the course of the afternoon. The question of young ministers on trial was further considered j reports -relative to their studies and pulpit labours were received, and their status fixed. The chairmen of the several colonial districts brought before the Conference the names of seventeen, candidates for the ministry, and after very careful examination, they were received by a unanimous vote. Two native assistant missionaries were received into full connexion with this Conference, and reports of others still on trial were received and their standing recorded. The Rev. S. Watorliouso, in consequence of ill health, brought on by excessive labours, was made a supernumerary. The Rev. George Stannard was also made a supernumerary. At 6 p. m. prayer was offered, the President pro nounced the benedictien, and the Conference then, adjourned. Thikd Dat. On Saturday, 21st instant, at 10 a.m. the roll was called. The President gave out a liymn, and the Rev. Charles Creed offered prayer. The appointments of the ministers for the Sabbath were examined and confirmed. Interesting and animated discussions on several important questions occupied the attention of the Conference until 8 p.m., when, prayer being offered, the President pronounced the benediction. The further sittings of the Conference were adjourned to Monday, at 10 a.m. Fourth Dat. The roll was called at 10 a.m. The President gave out the 53rd Hymn, beginning 'Hark! a voice divides the sky.' The Secretaryresd the 90lh Psalm, and the Revs. J. Btiller and D. J. Diaper offered prayer. The question, ' What ministers have died during the year?' was then taken into consideration. The Rev. S. Rabone read the obituary of the late Rev. John Allan Manton, recorded in the minutes of the Sydney District Meeting, and of the conversion and ministerial life of tho deceased minister. The Revs. J. Eggleston, G. Hurst, D. J. Draper, S. Rabone, C. W. Rigg, R. Amos, J. 13. Waterhouse, AY. J. K. Piddington, H. Gaud, J. Bickford, T. Williams, and S. Wilkinson, bore testimony to the devoted piety and useful life of Mr. Manton.* The name of the late Rev. Nathaniel Turner, an old and iaitliful minister of Christ, was then read, and the Rev. James Buller requested to prepare a record of his obituary for the Conference. The Revs. J. Fletcher, S. Ironside, G. Hurst, W. J. K. Piddington, J. Watkin, and D. J. Draper spoke of the long and useful life of Mr. Turner. The Rev. Jonathan Innes had also died during the last year. An obituary record read by the Rev. D. J. Diaper was adopted by the Conference.' The Revs. T. Iiuddle, 3. G. Millard, *J. Watsford, S. Rabone, and other ministers spoke of Mr. Innes's diligence and success in his circuits in theso colonies, and his kindness as a superintend ent. The Rev. W. Moore read a minute from rejee Dis trict meeting, relative to the usefulness to his countrymen, andexcellent character of the late Nathaniel Thakati, a native missionary. The Rev. J. Watsford bore testimony to the godlv life and untiring labours of Nathaniel Thakati. The Rev.' S. Rabone read a record from the minutes of the Friendly Islands district meeting, of the death of Peter Tuakifalelei, a native assistant missionary, a native of Tonga. Testimony was also borne to his piety and zeal by the Rev. R. Amos and others. The Rev. D. J. Draper addressed the Conference on a matter personal to himself. He wished the permission of his brethren to visit England this year. He reviewed his connection with Australian Methodism, and gaveexprcssion to his affectionate attachment to his brethren and to the church of his choice. He concluded by .asking leave of absence for one year: The following resolution was unani mously adopted by the Conference : — 'The Conference having given the * Rev. D. J. Draper one year's leave of absence, in order to enable him to visit England, hereby appoint him to be its representative to the British Conference of 1865. The Conference would record its high sense of the value of Mr. Draper's long and arduous services in Australasia, extending over a period of thirty years, especially recognising the ability and wisdom he line displayed as chairman of important districts, over vhich he has presided. The Wesleyan Methodist Church in these colonies has derived and will in all future time reap the advantage of Mr. Draper's zealous and devoted labours, and the Conference earnestly hopes that he will speedily return by the blessing of God, to advance still further the interests of the Redeemer's kingdom in these lands.' The President next announced that he had received a letter from the Rev. William Butters, the representative appointed by the Australasian Conference to the British Conferences of 1863 and 1861, to the effect that his health was not restored, and that he could not retnm to Australia as he had earnestly hoped ; ho therefore requested another year's leave of absence. Mr. Butters' letter breathed the most fraternal spirit, and con tained much information upon several important matters bearing upon the relation of Australasian Methodism to the British Conference. The Rev. Thomas Buddie moved the following resolution : — ' That the thanks of the Conference are due and are hereby presented to the Hev. William Buttors, for the ability with which he has repre sented the interests of the Australasian connection at the British Conference, and sincerely regrets to learn that his health is not yet sufficiently restored to enable him to return to us. Wig request for another year's leave of absence in consequence of continued ill health is granted.' The morn ing sitting closed at 1 p.m. The Conference on re-assembling at half-past 2 p.m., took into consideration the recommendation of the Com mittee of the Newington Wesleyan Collegiate Institution, that the Rev. Joseph Fletcher be appointed to succeed the late Rev. J. A. Manton as President of that institution. The appointment of Mr. Fletcher was made by the unani mous and hearty vote of the Conference. The question of examination of character was entered upon, which being gone through, the President pronounced the benediction, at 5.15 p.m. The Conference then adjourned. Fifth Day. At 10 a.m., the roll was called, and the usual devotional services wero observed, the Revs. J. B. Waterhouse and ? G, Daniel offering prayer. The minutes of the preceding day's business were read and confirmed. The question of examination of character was resumed, and occupied the attention of the Conference until 1 p.m., when the Presi dent pronounced the benediction. At 2.30 p.m., the roll was again called. The Scriptures were read, and the Rev. B. Chapman offered prayer. After disposing of a few preliminary matters, the President sug gested the desirability of appointing a small committee to prepare a digest and' classification of the recommendations of tie severS districts anent General and Triennial . Con ferences. The Revs. J. Eggleston and J. C. Symons were chosen by a unanimous vote. John Caldwell, Esq., M.L.A., and Ebenezcr Vickerv, Esq., were appointed auditors of the Connexional' Funds for 1864. The Rev. D. J. Draper, Clerical Treasurer of the Old Preachers' and Widows' Fund, brought before the Conference a tabular statement of the contributions of the districts to that fund. It was agreed that the rule requiring a certain sum from each circuit in proportion to tho number of ministers it has, should be adhered to. The question ot the division of circuits was then entered upon aud disposed of. At 5.15 p.m., the Conference adjourned. Sixth Day. ? The stationing committee met at the hour appointed, and continued their sitting until 1 p.m. At 2J p.m. -the Conference met. The roll was called and prayer was offered by the Rev. Edward King. The ex president, the Rev. James Buller, read an obituary notice of the ministerial life and happy death of the late Rev. Nathaniel Turner, which was adopted by the Conference. The secretary read the minutes of the preceding day's business. Tlie President stated that the first draft of the stations was ready, and re quested- the Secretary ts read it to the Conference. It was read without remark. On tlie motion of the Rev. J. G. Millard it was resolved by the Conference that the stations be read a second time, and tliat discussion be taken thereon. Several of the recommendations of the stationing committee wero considered, and the Conference adjourned. In the evening the President of the Conference (the Rev. J. S. 'Waugh) preached the official sermon, in York- street chapel. The rev. gentleman took for his text tlie words—' He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and witi fire '.(Matthew iii,, 11) — words which were stated to be part of the testimony borne by John the Baptist to tne Saviour. The promise of the baptism of fire was fulfilled -at the day of Pentecost, f ana it was also a standing promise te the end of time ; the prediction had long since passed into Christian history, and was still ' being verified in daily Acts of grace. Beading the teoctin the light of the fulfilment , of- the prediction, the first great lesson' taikf-ht was this — that it was our Divine Saviour's special prerogative to baptize . with t the Holy Ghost He, by His atoning death procured, the gift of the . 'Spirit, and it was HiB. right to bestow it. The text also indicated the mode and character in which tlie baptism of the Spirit was bestowed by Christ. We now looked for no external splendour in connexion with this bestowment ; but the baptism of the Holy Ghost, though unseen to mortal eyes, still came down to believing and expectant hearts. Its operation was, to bum up the dross of sin, and to !deanse tlie inner parts ; all vlio were baptised with fire experienced a moral transfiguration ; tliej- were conformed to tlie character of the Divine Spirit whom they received. The rev. gentleinnn then dwelt upon tlie effects pro duced by the descent of spiritual baptism in the early nges of Christianity, and -also in the present day ; and proceeded to point out who were the subjects of this gracious baptism. The promise was not for those who steeled their hearts against its heavenly influ ences ; but it was for every faithful one who trusted hi the, once-crucified but now exalted Mediator, and it specially included all workers for' Christ. The preacher, in conclusion, urged with much earnestness on those present to seek a large baptisni of the Holy Ghost, as the great need for themselves, for their families, end for tlie Churches. At the close of tlie service the ordinance of the Lord's Supper was ad ministered to the ministers present, and to a consider able number of the lay members of tlie Wesleyan body. 