MISCELLANEOUS. The New Torh Herald estimates that the amount of gold remitted to England by timorous Federals during the darkest period of the war was 25,000,000 dollars (about £6,000,000.) Local self-government is being introduced into Turkey, which will henceforth have its vestries and town councils like other civilised nations, instead of having all its affairs administered from Constanti nople. Tt T-? HCTnUTTITl TTTAT THE PwRNflTT 'EMPP.nnTi hfiq written to M. Lavalette, requesting him to see to the strict execution of the press laws. The new Minister of the Interior will, it is said, pursue a reactionary policy in this and other branches of the home affairs of the Empire. A number op people were made 'April fools' on the 1st of that month, by attending at the Agri cultural Hall, Islington, to witness the commence ment of another grand donkey show, free admis sions to which had been plentifully distributed in London, by some one intent on fun, during the few previous days. lady appeared in the costume of a heathen goddess, and, to render the dress more classically correct and striking, the fair and bashful dame appeared in Nature's stockings, from the bottom of the tunic downwards. Sandals she wore, and no. more. It was considered quite a success ! The Army and. Navy Gazette, speaking of the savings of our soldiers, says that during the Crimean war no less than £71,000 was sent home by the men to their families. In 1859 the invalided men's savings in India reached £20,278 ; and in one year £22,000 was sent by soldiers at Aldershott to their relatives in various parts of England, Ireland, and Scotland. i'i Beneath an illustration of ' Uncle Samuel,' who is reading the New Yorh Buster, we find the following extract : — ' We air a mighty people, siree ! Darned if we don't walk ahead of your effete old monarchies some ! We produce the biggest bein's in all branches, inoluding skedaddlers, traitors, bullies, thieves, liars, butcherers, and murders — darn me!' A young lady, about to be married, was induced to assign to her mother certain property to which she was entitled in virtue of her father's will. After her marriage her husband found out what had been done, and filed a bill to get the deed can celled, on the ground that it defrauded him of his marital rights. The master of the rolls took a similar view of the matter, and the deed was accordingly set aside. ? Tm voforonno in thfl rmnlif.iAH nf ' lArlrAr? V^oof » which is so much talked of just now, Dr. Edward Smith made the following remarks at a late meeting of the Society of Arts : — ' With reference to the charqui itself as now imported, they had heard very truly that the salting diminished its nutritive value, and the specimens before them were very highly salted ; even if they soaked this meat for forty eight hours, frequently changing the water, there was salt still remaining. He had treated it in that way, and then simmered it gently for twelve hours, and.it remained almost as hard and dry as it was at first. The hardness and saltness were both bad qualities ; the former showing the absence of the nutritious elements oi meat ana the excessive amount of fibriae ; and the latter exercising a pre judicial effect upon the human frame, inasmuch as an excess of saline matter was injurious to the nutrition of the body. Then came the question whether the amount of nutrition that was left in the meat, in the shape of nitrogen, existed in a digestible form,?' The Alpine Regions. — On Wednesday last the Kiandra mailman experienced a most severe jour ney. In crossing a race at Charcoal, the horse, which fortunately for himself he had dismounted and was leading, slipped and fell back into the race, and was almost immediately covered with about a ton of snow. ? Had it not been for the prompt assistance of seven men at work within call, who hastily dug him out, the horse must have been smothered. The snow on the long plain is not very deep, and the mailman finds it impossible to take a horse right through the journey ; he has, therefore, to travel on foot a con siderable distance and carry the mail bag. He in forms us that a German musician, who left Kiandra about a fortnight ago, has been found dead in the snow at or near New Providence. He left Kiandra with the intention of making Enssell's that day, and on the road he overtook a man who kindly carried the poor fellow's musical instrument, bat. the stranger being a better pedestrian than the German oufc Htvinrinrl ViiTn. find on his fir rival lit Russell's Via cfntorl that he had left the German behind. No steps ap pear to have been taken hy the inhabitants of that locality to discover the absent man, and a few days afterwards he was found dead, doubtless having perished through cold and exhaustion. — Tass Courier, June 28. A New Illusion. — The Daily News, in noticing the Easter entertainments at the places of amuse ment in London, tbus describes one of the novel ties of the Polytechnic:—' The most startling no velty was an illusion, entitled ' Proteus ; or we are here but not here,' which it was stated is the joint invention of Mr Pepper and Mr Thomas Tobin. This illusion is effected partly by means of a cabinet, which is of a far more wonderful character than that in which the tricks of the Bro thers Davenport, ' which made so much noise, were performed. The cabinet is about seven feet high and three broad, and is as deep as broad. It is on wheels, and is wheeled on the stage and placed about the centre of it. Mr Pepper assured his audience that there was no trapdoor on the stage in communication with it, nor any in the cabinet, and he invited such of the audience who chose to go on the side galleries, whereby they had a view of the back of the cabinet, and could see that no one entered it or went out of it behind. The door was then opened in front, and to all appearance there was nothing in side. Mr Tobin then entered the cabinet, and was shnf, in. In a. few minutes the door wad onenefl again, but instead of Mr Tobin, Mr Cousons came out dressed as Paul Pry, and Mr Tobin was not in side. The door was closed again, and on being re opened, there was still no Mr Tobin, but there was a ekeleton. Again the doov was closed, and after a minute or two, it was opened once more, and then, to the astonishment of everybody, the skeleton was gone, and Mr Tobin came out. Mr Pepper now stepped in, and M? ??!w ?los^ .ft? door upon him., acd on. its being opened again, Mr Pepper had vanished as effectually as one of his own ghosts. The whole of the interior was exposed to view, but he was not there. This was all an illusion, no doubt, for Mr Pepper had previously assured the spectators that it was so, but it was exceedingly well managed, and very muoh astonished the spectators who filled the building both in the afternoon and evening.' 