LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, 6tii June. Tlio Speaker took the choir at half-pait 4. petitions. . Petitions against tho hill to abolish state-aid to religion were presented by Mr. O'Shnnnssy from Kilmore and Emerald Hill ; by Mr. Levey, from the Catholic clergy and Inity of Keiior and the surrounding district ; by Mr. Verdon, from the Catholic clergy aud laity of Wiliieinstown; by Mr. Zcul, from Carlton und Fitzroy ; by Mr. Lalor, from the Catholic clergy and laity of St. Kilda and Prnhran; by Mr, Higinbotliain, from the inhabitants of Rrighti.ii and Dandenong; by Mr. Rindon, from the Catholic clergy and laity of Castlemniuc; by Mr. Zeal, from the members of the Church of England nt Casllemaino ; by Mr. Gillies, from the Catholic clergy and laity of Ballanrat; by Mr. Higiubotham, from the Eight Rev. Dr. Perry. Protestant ilishop of Mel bourne; by Mr. Howard, from the members of the Church of England at Sandhurst;- by Mr. O'Grady, from the Catholic clergy and laity of Richmond ; by Mr. Howard, from the mem bers of llto Church of KnglaHd at White Hills; by Mr. Hopkins, from the inhahilnnts of East Coliingweod, from tho inha bitants of Gisborne, from Hexham, Caniper- dowD, and Jericho; by Mr. Levi, from the . members of the Church of England at Mary borough ; by Mr. Creswick, from the members of the Church of England nt Emerald Hill. Petitions in favour of tlio bill were presented by Mr. Michie, from the Congregational Church at Prnhr.nl ; by Mr. Mncgregor, from the Presky- teiinn Church nt Oeclong and from the Congre gational Church at Kew; by Mr. Houston, f cm the members of tho < ongregationnl Union of Victoria; by Mr. Cepe, from the members of the Oxford street Congregational Church ; by Mr. Houston, from Riichtnn; by Mr. Kerierd, from the Congregational Church nt Bcechnorli; by Mr. Blackwood, from tlio Congregational Church assembled in Lonsdale street; by Mr. Mncgregor, from the Presbyterian congregation at Emerald Hill; by Mr. Zeal, from the Congre gational Church nt Chewton; by Mr. Francis, from tho Congregational Church nt Richmond ; by Mr. Vale, from tlio Congregational Church at Enst Melbourne; by Mr. Creswick, from the members of tho Congregational Church at Eme rald Hill. notices 01' motion and questions. Wednesday. — Mr. L. L. Smith : To move thnt the House, on Wcdncsdny next, resolve itself into a committee of tho whole, for the purpose of presenting an address to his Excel lency the Governor requesting him to place a sum of 1.2000 on the estimates to compensate the various persons who have nt great expense imported the.' swivel guns in the colony. Mr. Sands : To ask if tlio Board of Educath n paid any and how many of the teachers who obtnlned increase classification nt the last exnmlnntion held by the National Board, in August, 1802, and why n distinction was rande in the classifi cation. Mr. Dytb : To nsk the lion, the Minister of Justice if he lias received any notice that njury nt the late Circuit Court, at Bal- lanrnt, in considering their verdict, had to retire to an unenclosed yard, nnd if so, whether lie intends making such arrangements so as to prevent n recurrence of tlio seme ? Sir. Macoreoor: To ask whether it is the in tention of the Government to give pre-' ccdonce to the Local Government Bill over the Bar Regulation Bill. Mr. Thomson : To move that there he laid upon the tabic of the House the report of the Commissioners sent up to Boechworth to Inquire into the mutilation of the dead body of Morgan. Mr. L. L. Smith : To cnll the attention of tlio Commissioner of Trade and Customs to the necessity of the Go vernment appointing more competent persons to watch over ami protect the fisheries of the colony, inoro especially witli regard to the prevailing illegal practice of netting in the different pro hibited rivers. Mr. Zeal ; To ask if the Govern ment intend taking steps for the purpose of effecting a communication between the guards nnd drivers of nil passenger end goods trains on tho Victotinn Railways. Mr. Dane : To move for a return of ell vessels trading from Melbourne or Victoriun ports, with detailed particulars. Tiiubsday. — Mr. Tucker : To mevc for a return showing the total cost to the country of the Geological Survey Department from the commencement to the present date. Friday. — Mr. Cowbll: To move for ail documents nnd papers relating to the disclinrge of John Duross from the detective force. the aoricultueal areas. Mr. M'BAIN called attention to the working of the present I, nnd Law, and naked whether the Chief Secretary wns in possession of any infor mation which leads him to suppose that the selections nirendy made arc in accordance witli the spirit and intention of the Land Act, nnd that the selectors arc Die class of men whom it wns the intention ol lite Legislature to benefit when the said law was passed. Although the lion, the Commissioner of Lands nnd Survey was not ill his place, lie thought that the ques tion was one of Ouch importance that lie wns quite iu-tified in asking for a reply from the hon. the Cliief Secretary ns to whether the Govern ment Intended to tako any steps for the purpose of putting n stop to the practices which were now being carried on. No person, he thought, would accuse him of any political object, nnd his only object in bringing .fbrward this ques tion was, to bring tinder the notice of the Government nnd the House thnt, however good the intentions of the net might have been, it had utterly failed In tho object which the framers had iu view. The SPEAKER said that tho hon. member could only state facts. Mr. M'BAIN thought that after what had uppenred in tho public prints, the question de manded the attention of the Government. He had one complaint to make, that, when the Laud Law was passing through the House, an assurance was given that it was not the inten tion of the Legislature that every portion of tlie runs Bhauld be thrown open for selection nt one time. In 'place of only one-third of enelt run being open for selection, every available acre hid been proclaimed. This ought not to be, nnd lie left it to lion, members to say whether this individual injustice was intended. In tlie place of good agricultural lands being proclaimed, they had 4,000,000 of acres thrown open, and tho result was that a class of speculators lind been set up with tiicir attendants, " mediums " or " ghosts," which lied been brought into existence on the passing of the net. A gentleman writing to him from the Western district, stated that tlie whole of Ills run lind been open for selection, and taken up by specu lators, who were afterwards willing to trent with him for the repurchase of the whole of the run. That, at present, he had rande up Ills mind to wait nnd do nothing. ("Nemo.") It was not necessary to give the nnrae, ns the fact3 were patent lo the country. It wai nn extra ordinary po-ilion for a Crown tenant to bo left in with every acre swept away from him, and left wilh his family and 10,000 or 15,000 sheep. Another gentleman wrote to him to say that several men who were -anxious to settle on their lends had been unable to obtain a single allot ment, owing to tho speculators end mediums. Another gentleman, writing from Hamilton, said that tlie woy the bill had woiked there was most conflicting. That great excitement existed, owing to the number of speculators and Innd flunks, who pureliaicd up the' land and then resold to the squatters at from 2s. Cd. to 10s., according to the presumed value of the land. (" Name ! ") The writer wns a friend of tlie people. (Laughter.) That gentleman said that lie never snw a more demoralising state of IhiDgs as existed. No work was done, hut every one was willing to offer hitmclf for wnges ns a selector of land. Another gentleman frotn Hamilton, a squatter, said that the number of mediums wns enormous, and one squatter lind !3f0. or 400, hut lie was very unsuecessful Whenever a rquatter appeared in Hamilton, lie wns beset by persons who required sums of Irom L5 to L0 to become mediums, who were of two kinds — the respectable man, and the despe rately linrd-up men. As a further proof of tlie proceedings which were being carried on, ho re ferred to 'Hie Eemld newspaper of that morn ing, and rend from the letter of the Hamilton correspondent. lie wished to impress on the Government the necessity of taking action in this matter, and to nsk them if they intended to put a stop to tlie operation of the Land Act, as such proceedings were iikcly to 'affect the credit of the colony in England, nnd to depreciate the value of the colonial debentures, and instead of ensuring an increase to tlie population from tlie old country, it .vas likely to hnve n contrary effect. Ho nsktd if the Government would give any instructions to alter tiic mode ol throwing open tlie runs for selection. Mr. M'CULLOCH could not understand what the Land Act lind to do with tiie value of tho debentures. With regard to the runs, in stead of only getting 31. or 4d. from the squatters, they obtained 2s. nn acre for the land.' In Hie event of tho lnnd not being settled upon i! would revert to the Crown, and be sold by auction. He denied that tlie act lind failed in its intention, nnd tho hon. member had read from if newspaper which lind always been opposed to (lie passing of the net. (Mr. Levey: "No.") He had heard rumours in connection with the land selections, and had coratnuuicntod with tho President of Lands. Thnt gentle man had repli. d that there was no truth in the rumours, end that tlie ect was working admirably. That lie thought was quite enough defence against the anonymous letters which had been rend witli regard to the runs which had been thrown open ; they wore also open iu 1862, or many of tliein. He admitted that hardships might have been occasioned, but the Government had no other course, as four millions of acres were called for within three months. If the system had worked badly, the squatteis were themselves to blame, for if they dil not pay such large sums there would not ho so great a d.mand on tho part of speculators and mediums. If tlie squatteis allowed the lauds to pass into tlie hnnds of iliora for whom it wns intended, they would not suffer so much. It was not tho intention of the Government to make any alteration in the act, as it was walking well; but if they could reduce the quantity of land open in particular rnns, so n9 not to press hardly on a particular class, they would do so. Mr. THOMSON asked if it was incumbent on the Government to issue leasts to mediums ? Mr. M'CULLOCH snid that if tiie land was improperly taken up, and agnlnst the intentions of the net, it would he a question as to whether the Government would issue a lease. mr. jones and mr. p. curtin. Mr. JONES, referring lo the explanation mnde by him a few nights since with reference to the letter which he had received from Mr. P. Curtln, J. P., of Smeaton, rend Hie letter which lind been addressed to liitn by that gentle man when he enclosed tho LIU post-dated oltcnuo end requested him (Mr. Jones) to uso his inffucnco towards obtaining rural store licenses. From certain statements which had since been made lie considered Hint the pro duction of this lct'cr wns necessary. Tito con tents would speak for themselves. c1ll op the house. A eall of the House was made, and on tlio roll being called over by tlio Clerk, tlie following hon. members were found to he absent, nnd they were consequently excused from attendance : — Mr. Grant, Mr. Dnvies, Mr. Greeves, Mr. Kyto, Mr. Randall, Mr. PoporMr. Ramsay, Mr. Orr, Mr. Pearson, Mr. Connor, Mr. Longinoro, Mr. Ilnlfey, Mr. M'Cann, Mr. Cunningham, Mr. Moffhtt, Mr. Harbison. STATE-AID TO RELIGION. Mr. IIARKER, In moving the second read ing of the Bill to Abolish State-aid to Religion by a decrease of L10,000 annually for five years, said he had hoped thnt tho bill would have been introduced as a Ministerial measure instend of being left to n private member, nnd in intro ducing tlie subject, lie wns aware of the impor tance of the principle contained in tho bill. Tho principle of endowing reli gion had passed into law under pecuT liar circumstance?, and when tlie colony was separated from New South Wales, o sum of LG009 was only granted, but in 1851 tho umount wns increased to L50,000. It wns worthy of remark that the L' gislntive Council which passed tlie Constitution Act in which tho prin ciple of State-aid was contained, did cot repre sent the popular feeling at tho time, ami even at thattirae the principle of endowing religion met with considerable opposition out i f doors. The people met iu large numbers, and passed resolu tions condemnatory of tlie clause. Several petitions were also presented, but in' spite of ail these manifestations tlie clause was passed. Tlio clause, lie believed, was originally introduced and drafted by tlie lion, member lor Kilmore for the appropriation of on annual rum for the pro motion of religion. As the grant was at present distributed, a gross injustice was done to one class of Her Majesty's subjects. Tlie first measure of tlio kind to repenl tho clause was introduced in 1857 by Mr. Michie, nnd it proposed to abolish State- aid from two years of the hill receiving tho Royal Assent. Tlie lion, meeiber for Kilmore voted for the second reading on thnt occasion, nnd he hoped that ho would now vole for tlie bill before tlie House, as it simply proposed to abolish the grant in five years from tlie present time. Two other measures introduced at a subsequent period had also been rejected by the Upper House. Tho hon. member then instanced Canada, South Aus tralia, and New South Wales a? colonics in whieli the voluntary principle was adopted. In ' those countries religion lind been maintained, aud lie did not see why the peoplo in this colony could not equally well support religion if they had n mii.il lo give. Bhliop Perry had presented n petition ngainst tho bill, on tlie ground that the churches in lite interior would be left without support in the event of State-aid being withdrawn. In 1857 the right rev. prelate supported the abolition, and Dr. Cairns, the bend of the Presbyterian body, had also expressed himself similarly in 1855. He felt certain that if left to tlio voluntary principlo the people would support their own ministers, as the moro they were taught to rely upon tho State, tlie less they would rely upon their own efforts. Mr. VALE coincided witli the remarks of tlio hon. member for Collingwood ; but till lately he had been of opinion that it would be unwise to attempt any legislation upon the suhjtct during the present sesiion. But tlie result of the cnll of the House showed that tlie question was one which should he brought forward now, end settled, if possible. Ho contended that no change had taken place in the public opinion since the question was last discussed by the House. It wns true that the su'jcct was not made a test at the late general election. But he thought it should bo understood once fur nil thnt when n top'c lied been discussed nnd decided upon by large majorities in the lower hrancli of tlie Legislature that it should not afterwards bo made n constant test for candidates. In 1857 n resolution was passed declaring that it wns de sirable to abolish Stnte-eid wliltin two years, and he submitted that it wns not open to those lion, members who then voted for that proposition, and who had now altered their views on the genernl question, to ndvatice the argument that vested rights were in volved, for such rights wero involved then if they wero now. If there wero vested rights they would diminish yeatly in consequence of the Increased number ofthoso who participated in the fund. Arid thnt interest was confined only to tlie L25,000 appropriated to stipends, aud could not be extended to tlie building fund. State-aid wns unfavourable to the spread of reli gion. It was a crutch in (he hands of a healthy subject, who relied upon it till he became au invalid. For the statistics of the churches in England showed that whilst the Established Church, which, at the commencement of the present century itnd 9500 buildings, In 1851 had 14,500, or nn increase of 50 per cent. ; the non conforming bodiis, which lind 2000 buildings in the year 1800, had in 1851, 24,000, or an increase of 1200 per cent. Iu Ireland, not merely tl e Established bedy, hut those churches which ac cepted the rcgiutn donum, wore weak and decrepid, whilst tlie Church of Rome wns vigorous and flourishing. He submitted tlmt thero was no grcnter iniquity than to pay different creeds to tear each other iu pieces. The Mouse should adopt one of two alternatives, either subsidise only the true religion or abolish I he grant. They could not decide what was (he true faith, and they siiould therefore repeal the subsidy. Mr. RICHARDSON admitted that .the con dition of tills colony in regard to State-aid was' an improvement of that in the mother counlry. But with the liberali'y of the State it had been guilty of inconsistency, for ns all tho creeds re ceiving nid were opposed to each other, some of them could not be right, end the State was therefore paying for tlie dissemination of errors. It the vote were abolished to-morrow. he iiad no doubt that tlio ciergyrneu would receive an ade quate support. In conclusion, lie expressed a wisli that the Church of England would drop that style, and call themselves tlio Episcopal Church of Victoria. Mr. LEVI explained that after mature deliberation he had altered his views on the sub ject. A few years ago lie was nn opponent of State-aid ; but when he saw that the clergy did an enormous amount of good to the country and that numerous buildings had been erected in the belief that the vote would be continued, he thought tlie assistance of the State should not be' withdrawn. No danger could accrue to the colony, nnd it was possible that it might do n great deal »f good. Mr. M'PIIERSON laid that in tins case theory was opposed to practice. The theory was Hint each congrcgntiou ought to su.qiort its own minister, but practically hi" experience led him to Hip conclusion that in the thinly peopled dis- iricls this would be impossible. He had groat doubts of the sue cess of the voluntary principle in America; and if voluutaiyisra produced the I class of ministers which were said to exist ill America, tlie less they had of it the better. Tlie greatest opportunity lind been given to tlio voluntary principle iu Scotland ; but lie believed that tho Free Church people did not find them selves so well off ns they expected ; and in a vciy (cw years, he had no doubt, they would glad to receive nid from tlio Stntc. Mr. G. V. SMITH ridiculed tlio idea of (lie rural districts being benefited by Stato-nid. Tiioso who allowed themselves lo be duped by that cuckuo-cry were miserably deceived. It wns not that liny nssutnnco wns wanted for tho country districts, but that it was desired to ro- tnia the principle anil krep in the tblu cud of the wedge. They now gave 2s. per head to tho clergy ; in a few years they would bo nsked to give 5a. But the idea that souls could bo saved for 2s. per head, cr L2000,was nn utter absurdity. Free-traders who advocated State- aid were most inconsistent; they could see the mote in their Protectionist brothers' eye, but could not seo the beam in their own. But while it was just possible to make manufacturers by Act of Parliament, it was utterly impossible to inane m in pious by t lie same means. Tho union of chuich and state lind nlwnys been n curse to the world, aud enre should bo taken to prevent auy such union hero. Mr. M'GREGOR maintained that il State- aid wns wanted it was a proof of weakness, aud if it wn9 not wanted, and religion could get on without it, it wns improper and dishonest to ask for it. If the House rejected this bill, lie believed an emergency would arise when tlio Parliament would he called on to pass one fur the abolition of what was a relic of barbarism. Mr. O'GRADY colled attention to the difference in the circumstances under which the grant had been done away with in tho neigh bouring; colonies, and snid he would have no objection to vote lor a bill introduced for tlie purpose cf doing what was done in those colonics. Mr. VERDON announced his intention of voting for tho measure. On other occasions, in favour of State-aid, it had been urged that it was useful for the troral culture of the people. On the face of It that seemed not unreasonable or unjust; hut on further consideration there nppeared a monstrous inconsistency in support ing religions so far npmt to the Jewish and the 'Christian. If there was nny tiling in the argument, religion, if Staie-aid wns abolished, would decrease, But 110 arguments to thnt effect hod been used, npd ns fir as could be seen there was every rearon against it. Tho Church of England, having Support in England, had not been able to coinpeto witli other churches not having support in spreading religious in struction. If Stutc-nid was withdrawn lie contended there would be no diminution in religious instruction, seeing Hint religion would not suffer from tho withdrawn! of Stnto- aid, aud that if it would, there was something wrong. He said there was no reason whatever for maintaining it, more especially as a large number of the peoplo of the country held that it was contrary to tlie principles on which tlio constitution wns founded. Mr. WHEELER should vote against the measure, believing that Stute-aid was necessary in country districts where tho population was scatlored. The question was then put, when the motion wns lost on a division by 29 to 25. The an nouncement of tho result woe received with choirs. Tlio following is the division list : — Ayes : Messrs. Burtt, Campbell, Casey, Ci.pe, Cowell, Dyte, Edwards, Gillies, Girdlestonc, Marker, Houston, Jones, . King, Macgiegor, Mason, M'Bain, M'Culloch, M'J.eilan, Michie, Richard son, llobinson, G. V. Smith, Sullivan, Vale, and Vtrdon. Noes : Messrs. Berry, Blndon, B'nckwood, Brown, Carpenter, Cohen, Cres wick, Fuirliairn, Foott, Francis, Halfey, Higin- botlinm, Hopkins, Howard, Kerferd, Kyto, Levey, Levi, M'Pherson, O'Grady, O'Sha- nassy, Riddell, Sands, Sherwin, J. ,T. Smith, Snodgrass, Thomson, Tucker, Wheeler, tublio works law amendment and consolidation bill On the motion of Mr. HIGINBOTIIAM, tlio report of tho . committee on this measure wns adopted, the bill read a third time, and passed. mining law amendment bill. Tlie House then went into committee for tlie further re-consideration of this measure, the de bate on tlie amendment proposed by Mr. Bin- don, giving power to perious to enter into con tracts fur mining on private properly being re sumed. Mr. GILLIES objected to nn important question like mining on private properly beiug introduced in the form of an amendment in tho Mining Bill, as itwas one of sufficient magnitude and importance to he included in a sepnrrtte men- sure, when it could Le properly discussed. He thought that tho Governmeut should givo some reason fur assenting to the amendment. Mr. SULLIVAN declined to give his reason for supporting tlio amendment ; but lie believed it would beueiit the community generally. Ho did not think that it would give any larger power to tlie owners of land, as he would be one one of Hie first to give any increased powers. Mr. M'LELLAN thought it painful to hear the Minister of Mines, whom lie characterised as a "political gasometer," stand up nnd speak about a question with which he was unac quainted. He opposed the amendment. Mr. DYTE proposed an amendment on the proposition, only legalising contracts previously made. Mr. Houston, Mr. Berry, and Mr. Vaie opposed the amendment. Mr. BINDON stated that his elnu'c did not hear the -interpretation put upon it hy lion, members. Tlio object of the clause was to legnlise contracts between the freeholder and' the miuer, nnd to nllow the Mining Court the same power as was now possessed hy the Supremo Court. In deference to the opinion of the committee he withdrew the clause. A long discussion then took place on n raollon to report progress, which resulted iu the proposi tion being negatived. Several unimportant amendments were then inserted in various clauses of tiie bill. Progress was then reported, aa(l leave ob tained to sit ngnin next day. intercolonial exhibitions 01' industry. The resolutions agreed to in committee on tiiis subject wero reported to the House and adopted. pences bill. Mr. RICHARDSON moved that this bill be rend n first time. Mr. SNODGRASS called attention to the state of the House, nud after tho hel.s had been rung, It was found that a quorum of members wns present. Tlie bill was then read a first time, ordered to' be printed, and tlie second reading fixed for Tues day next. mbs geo. willis. Tho resolution agreed to in committee was re ported to the IIou9o and adopted. The House adjourned nt 25 minutes to 1 o'clock. ' ' . . -i Disgraceful Neglect. — In our borough police report appears a very distressing case. A poor little fellow named Caudle, 10 years of age, was brought, before the Bench, having been found by the police wandering about at Epsom. His father, the late Dr. Caudle, was a few days ago followed to the grave by the late Mrs. Caudle. The little fellow has, therefore, lost both his natural protectors. What greater claim could he have on the sympathies of those who knew his parents? and yet he, a mere infant, has been allowed to wander forth into the world; apparently utterly uncared for. We hope, for the credit of those who know his desolate condi tion, that some explanation can he given of a circumstance apparently so discreditable to the neigh bourhood.- — Bendigo Advertiser. Malignant Diphtheria. — " We," Mary borough Advert iter, "regret to learn thnt diphtheria, in n malignant form, is very prevalent at Ilomcbusli. Ten deaths occurred ninoug the small population of tliut place .within the last few weeks, one poor woman losing three children witliiu a fortnight. ' 