Arrival of the Ellora. PARTICULARS OP THE SEPTEMBER NEWS» ^ 1 The P. and O. Company's mail steamer Ellora arrived-in Sydney yesterday . at about noon, and the¿ipailBÍweró-.delivered from tho' Poflfcoffice-yesterday- evening, long- after the Bombay, ¿w i th' the outward mail s,' had cleared Sydney Heads. . Our telegrams of, tho news, as published in the Empire lasti Saturday,-.wcro «o full, and so'many further items of news lave been received by sailing vessels via Mel . bourneland San J?rahcisoo," that . tho interest of the September mail brought' by tho Ellora, and now, on tho^ day after its arrival in Sydney, fifty-soven:' days, old, is nearly exhausted.---Howover, wo give, as, under, "tho,.j further particulars now'to' hand. " Therb aro 1 some repetitions of pur ; telegrams,: but these are for the purposes of explanation :- ! : ..... HOME TALK. . - . '.'i . . . .The Temple, September 26. ' Tho most,magnificent September within, xeoolleotion lias fairly cleared London of all -who are able'tó:leave it, and although two millions and a half of human beings still inhabit the metrópolis, the west end squares ; and«tréeta exhibit' a desolation that is said, to be depressing. I uso. the . qualifying phrase;Tför7thdugh the usual address heads my letter, it is written from a village in tho Highlands of Scotland. A' person would hardly consider that he had complied with "the ordinary customs of society, and. fitted ÜmBelf to be received in the .saloons in "winter, if he'had not during tho autumn -buried 'himself somewhere out of the noise of carnages, and- the renóh bf the postman. I bave run, as has been said, into the regions of those who call themsolves aborigines, and "who make a slight mistake in their pedigree, as happens in tho case of muny people who do wear trousers. But we are not so . j)lunged(in obscurity and barbarism as. not to kribw,'by moans of journal and telegram, .what has happened nil over the world, up to within the last six hours of writing. Many profound observations are made in these wilds as to the wonders of science, and as to what our ancestors would have said. about tho.receipt of news, flashed by elec- tricity, in. the heart of a Highland forest ; bat as such things have been said once or twice before, it may not bo worth; while to report them for the antipodes. ; But truly there is little else to report "We are a happy people without any annals. There'has boon scarcely an incident worthy of note since I last wrote. Almost the ? ; single exception has been tho sudden and ; resolute .descent, of the Irish government | . upon the' Fenian ' conspirators.. A sort of j coup d'etat has been enacted.' As usual, the ; j authorities were in possession of ' all the j seorets of those idiotic ''glotters, and doter I mined to make short work with ;them. So i ono day the Dublin police -executed a j military movement, out off the passes of tho ! streets around a centro of Feirianism, ' biirst i into ia house ond capturod a , gang of dis j affected folk's/ besides seizing newspapers, ;j type, and . manuscripts. The telegraph Ij office was desired to send away no news on' jj tho subject, so that other'Fenians in Cork j! and elsewhere wero .not warned, and fell a B prey to the law.. ..Since that time some non I resident traitors have been'taken, even as jj far as Sheffield, and'it is. .clear that the Government knows all that can bo known.. ? The proceedings do not'apponv-' to haye: boen' I bungled in any way, and the action of the executive has commanded' universal ! appian"0- Tko pñooaois vvill'Liu Tjruugnt to trial under a special Trish law framed. for ] dealing with'such folk, but it is not sup- posed that any. very heavy punishment will ? bo infiioted.. The ringleaaers. will have long 1 sentences of penal servitude, no doubt. ! Should a demonstration' in their aid be \- attempted, of course circumstances will bo ) changed, and sterner -counsels will prevail,' and if there is no such attempt, tho ¡j ridiculous feebleness of tho Fenian organisa ;fe tion will bo shown. The movement^ such i| as it is, appears to bo confined to tho lowest ji orders, or, if it bo otherwise, the superior men have managed to enshroud themsolves in mystery. The only Fenian songs which 'j. have found their way into print aro the £ direst trash, beneath the average of a street }I ballad. I dare say that the arrests will ? jj produce'some remarkable "tall talk" in b Amorica, but I do not think that a Yankee :.| squadron will bo despatched to the aid of I; ii the stupid traitors. \i It rather belongs to tho foroign depart ment than to this column to record that I Earl Bussell has had occasion to address a ¡j despatch to Austria and Prussia,.in reply to ' j, tho announcement of their intentions in re- , . |¡ gard to Schleswig- Holstein. He has doomed ', '.i¡ it sufficient^ to bo coldly ironioal, arid to 1 ;]i express satisfaction that the arrangements 'ip for dealing with tho plunder is not intended \ ¿ to bo permanont. It is diffloult to say what : ij else his lordship could havo done, but the, ¡?;| Conservatives, who would not have stirred a little finger in dofenoo of Denmark, had Uv they boen in offico, taunt him with tameness, i ¡: | and urge that he ought to havo omitted a' ] t\\.i dispatch of fiery indignation. Something , I ! must bo written every day of tho rocess, m and abuse of Euri Bussell is as easy as any- > \n\ thing else. , f'| Tho health of Lord Palmerston, or rather , [jjjj Iiis ill-health, is a subject of moro intorost, j ['jj I am sorry to say that tho impression as to | p| his condition is not very favourablo, though , 5;,t I know that absurd exaggerations aro put < ht forth. Still it is certain that, ho has been | Ijj' very ill. Bristol hos invited him, and tho | jjiji wholo of tlio. wost country was looking ] rji' forward to a grand demonstration, but Lord ] Viii Palmerston, who had accepted the invitation, i ki has boon obliged to oxcuso himself, on the , Booro of gout, to tho intense disappointment ; jj of the important-and self- important-city, i Many thoro refuse to boliovo that tho illness j was really tho reason for his refusal, and ' nllogo that it would not have been rospeot í ' ful to Bristol to mako speeches . thoro with 'jj out giving an intimation of tho futuro ; , (j policy of tho Government, and perhaps a ¡ .' sketch of tho noxt lloform Bill, and that ; Lord Palmerston, not hoing proparod to offer ; such explanations, proforrou to bo unwell. , : This, I nood hardly say, is tho sheerest i ¡ ¡ nonsense If thoro is ono man in England j ¡j* who never says moro than ho feels it quito ¡ !| convenient to say, and yet ooeily extricates < If ti" I : himself .from tho difficulty of tellinc nothing, it is Lord Palmerston-. He would have gone to Bristol, if ho -had been able tc do so. Afr. Bright has chosen this time foi informing the country that Lord Palmerston is the only man who is at onoe ablo and willing to betray the cause of Beform. It may be thought that a cause that can be fatally botrayed by a single man is in rather a bod way, and Mr. Bngkfc'.bas"been'tbld in reply that theroisió oause of Beforift, that he has all .his work before.him,.and has to convince the" educated class that reform is needed.. Lastly, in. .connection , with the subject, it may bo mentioned that Bristol applied to Mr. Gladstone to come arid supply the Premier's place, .but . Mr. :. Gladstone "is taking his holiday"in 'Wales, and" making spëeohes in bohalf of his son, and thereforej and for other reasons, declined ; so unfortu- nate Bristol has had to fall back upon'some loo'al magnitudes, who a're'not illustrious. Eoluotantly I introduce the word ", cattle disease" into a column which it is not in- tended should be disagreeable; but I have no option. " The complaint still rages, every ono has a remedy to suggest and'nó remody is available, the, cattle of auoh persons as Miss Burdett Coutts'and. Lord Granville go , down, spite of all .care and soienoe^just'as' do the beasts of the most sordid and dirty farmer "in England^ and1 there-seems no abatement of the evil. . Ireland has locked out i her beeves, and .various ..continental places have done the same. Lord Boden thinks that a fast-day will be beneficial, and the Bishop of Oxford is charged withhaving sought tb please the' Court by describing the pest asia judgment on the nation for. not subscribing more largely to the monu- ment to Prince Albert., Milk has. been raised'in price, and diminished in character. And though where I now. am there has been no sign of the disease, and the beasts in the field look splendidly, Iobsorve that persons at table usually esohow beef, and fall' upon mutton pr poultry. .Again has France triumphed on the race- course. The vctor1 of the'Derby is the victor at Doncaster. G'adiateur has carried away the St. Leger. ' The owner of one of the other horr ?es was proof against sentimentalism, and was not sufficiently impressed with a sense of the desirability of phasing . our French friends in every way. He was rude and coarse enough to express his conviction that the terrible horse of Gaul was older thau he ought tobe (like Con- stance Kent) and to demand proof. But as he had no evidence on his own side, the steward i refused to enter into the question, and Mr. Gra- ham, the person in question, has been severely rebuked for his ill manners. This is all non sense. I do not suppose that the French turf man is a bit worse than the English turf-man, but I have no " call " io believe that he is a bit butter, and nobody is so' exceedingly green as to suppose that if a Britisher could insert. a horse", with a trifling advantage in the way of age, into a race without being found out, he wou'd not do so. It is a notorious fact that as the ac.es of horses date from the 1st of January in the year iu which they are foaled, they somehow manage .o be; very seldom born in November and never in December^ for obvious reasons, and I dare s iy that in, France. the sagacious animals »re quite os wide awake. There is no imputation upon'Count Lagrange,, bis horse is - probably ex- actly, what he is said to be, and the owner nt all events believes such to be the case, bul, as to abusing Mri Graliam for bad taste and all that kind of thing, one cannot help smiling at finding such ultrardelicacy on the race-course, espechlly as several cases hive lately occurred in which tba plainest charges bf unfair Tploy liavö been urged with the most entire absence of possi bility of mistake rut in the moaning of tlio accu- sal ion. However, Count. Lagrange^ Parisian spirit has been finely touched ' to fine,issues, arid he has presented fifty pounds to Doncaster chari- ties, and specially. begged "that " such chaiities may be of a religious bind. We shall have a chaplain to the Grand Stand one of these days, if tubb amenities -go on. , Not to be outdone by us in courtesy, tho French have been erecting', a< Boulogne, a statue to Jenner, tho inventor of vaccination. , This is gratifying, yet it is. in a way, a reproach to ourselves ; for some time ago", we erected, in Trafalgar-square, a titting statue to the same great benefactor of mankind. The- rest of the statues there are, aa many of my readers will remember, Nelson mastheaded and waiting (nnd likely to wait) for Sir Edwin Londseer's lions, George tho Fourth, on horseback in his: night- shirt and slippers, Napier of the Peninsular War and Havelock. I know not which effigy is thc worst, but that is not tho matter now. I sup pose that tho veterans of ibo Horse Guards and Admiralty were scandalised at the idea of a mere civilian, a doctor, Having a place in such dis tingushed company, and moreover daring to be sea ed while his betters were standing. Be this as it may, tho statute ono morning was carted away, and when I next discovered it, the great benefactor was .placed beside a basin in Kensington Gardens, a dirty looking placo in which there was nothing but rubbish, but into which, I am told, water flows when the turn- cock is ina good temper. Here wo stuck Jenner, out of i he way of observers. The French have given him a site where al), marked or unmarked by the disease lie subdued, may mark him;. As hath been said, they ave wise in their Jenuera tion, and' do well to encourage reverence for other than the slayers of men. Tho Times contains an advèrlisement which will have interest for those who concern them- selves with the history of old London. Most of these know the old Hummums, in Covent gárden market. Tho p'ace has existed for tho host part bf a coup'o of centuries, .though of course it has been rebuilt sinco its origina1 opening. At first it was, aa its name (a corrup tioh bf tho Arabic " Hammam." a bagnio, or ba li) implies, a placo for sweating baths-wo have now-.00010 round.ogaiu to the Turkish bath, with which many, silly persons are killing themselves. But it became a tavern, and at ónó timo had an undesirable, reputation. In Hogarth's pioture, Midnight Madora Conversa- tion, there is a drunken parson, Ford,: who died in this house, Thore is a, strange and grim, ghost Btory conntctod with the death of this profligate. A waiter at the Hum muns bad been absent for some time, and returned, not knowing that Ford was dead. Going down to tho cellar, ho met Ford I Going down again, he met him a second timo. Wheo he carno up, he asked some of tho peop'e of tho house wh.t Ford could bo doing thoro. They told him of tho death. Ho was Beized with a raging fever, in which he lay for a long time. When he rccovored, he said that he hod a message to deliver to somo woman from Ford, but ho was) not »o reveal wh«t, nor to wvora. He went ont, and was followed, but waa lost sight of near St. Paul's. He came back and said that he had, delivered the message, and that the woman;-in te ror, cried out, " Then we are a'l undone." Dr. Johnson appears inclined to be iere that there was something supernatural in the Jaie. 1 he- ll ouse, since,I have knowe it, bas been a very unromantic place. ?_In brie's youngerLdayswbfii}.. wcj stayed st parties^ until four or S ve in the morning. I have occasionally sought a bed at the -Hummums. and 'forlhree hours'of unetfsy:slaiff-: .ber, and;a tolerable breakfast,!Î(have often..paid the1 seven shillings ungrudgingly-the tariff now seems to me to have been high. But, high or low, [rebatí pay it-no more; for*hore is-the'con- clusion of the history of the o'd house. " Old Hummums, Covent-gar.deh,. London, ISth of September, 1805. Notice to customers. The: proprietor begs to return sincere thanks for the kind support enjoyed for 'so'many years/ and regrets to announce that the hotel will be closed on Monday,'the 18th instant,' in consequence of the expiration of the lease. of which a renewal cannot be obtained, os \he house is about to be pulled down, the site being required' by the Duke of Bedford for thé extension, of Coveht-gárdén .market.'' If there are many.(books containing entries beyond those bf mere' account John .Timbs and.Peter Cunningham ought to be at them. If all men who' have "visited the house had'left.their.cards, some curious .biographical hints would be obtained as to the earlier lives of many serious ahd'respectable'folks. ..: A casualty.'tb a.private .person , does not ,usu-. àllylcomé iii ó this lefter, but I? may be per- mitted to mention with much regret that no less distinguished a'person thanJ last year's Senior Wrangler, at Cambridge," Mr. Purkiss, hos been drowned) while bath'ng in ilie .Cain.- . The list; pf his. triumphs is remarkable, he had been al- ready noticed »nd employed.' by Government, and his career promised tb bea '.most brilliant bne. . He was in what was deemed a safe place, aad could swim, but he went down among some weeds, and rose no more. ': It is thought that his death must be attributable to, some sudden, seizure o', an apppletic character. ' "When one re- flects on the extraordinary capabilities required in a Senior Wrangler, and the vast and skilled labour which must have been employed by him- self and his teachers to qualify.him for tho en- vied rankj difficu t to repress a murmur that accident should take such a man, when myriads of dolts escape in safety.' '; The na-i e of Thomas Moore bas been laid away with the other bright ñames of bis day, a day as remarkable for the poetic genius it brought out as is our own for the utter absence of that article'. His. works^ arie, of course," in every- body's'Ibrary, and not so much read as.some of. them, at least, deserve to be. His battles a-o theatrical affaira, and his ' monly - sentiments are afflictingly like those' which we used to applaud in tiresome dramas and nowlàuglràt! in vulgar burlesques. But iii satire he was both strong and graceful' and though his scholarship-renders his writings.unacceptable to tho present race of readers, who : are frightfully ignorant' of the classics, the perfect finish aud music of his lines must strike all whose ears are not too long. Nor have his love songs been equalled by any later writer. Personally, he was, I fear, a great little humbug, inordinately vain of being petted and flattered, by great folks, as became a fiery patriot and a reviler of authorities. He has not been much spoken of lately.' But the death of his widow;,'..the "Bessy" of his diary and of some of his songs, has recalled'his memory.' Tins estimable lady was originally on the stage-' and was a sister of the wife bf William Murray, tlié Edinburgh manager. Moore " married her when,- they were . very .y oung, and though : nb. "doubt lier a'ffectron was á^gócd deal tried by his' erratic- propensities, ho sincerely loved her, and whether his entries were made for the public eye? or not, he'was always bearing testimony to her goodness, beauty, and prudence. With her. we lose the last link that connects this generation with the- glorious band, bf minstrels who do ; lighted our fathers. ,Our own . poems aro rail- ways, electric telegraph's, monster Exhibitions, and '« Proverbial Philosophy." . ' By this time I presume that you have been good enough tb send vis' back the picture of the ,". Derby Day," which ' Mr. Bell, the chemist, left to tho nation, and which Mr. Ganibart, tho picture-dealer, has been sending about the world, declaring1 that he hos a right to do so. Wo shall havo a gallery for this and other por- tions of the nation's artistio propórty in time, I suppose, but at present the Boyal Academicians have, not the least idea of turning but, and making room. They decline ail , the Govern-, mont proposals, : but privately signify that if a very: good place is given them for a now building, and thoy aro treated respect- fully, they may reconsider their decision., They haye about £180,000 to; do what they' like with, and when they do build, all tho' world will ^expect, and rightfully, that their palace of art shall bo a triumph of architec-' turo as well as of accommodation. It was stated that the excellent President, Sir Charles Eastlako, was in a precarious condi- tion of health, and of course without any want of due feeling towards that ' acconv plished gontloman, the, Academicians dis- cussed the comparative claims of those who may bo supposed likely to aspire' to tho pre- sidency when it shall become .vacant. Sir Edwin Landscor's hamo naturally came up, but it was said that he would not be inclined to do tho work of the office; which is con- siderable. Mr. Maeliso's genius would cnablo him to be chosen, but ho has an aversion to speaking and hoing on evidenco, and tho president must bo able to "make graceful speeches, and should bo some- thing of a courtier, .' Two or three who would satisfy these conditions aro, for some roason or other, unpopular. What is wanted is a great painter and-a thorough man of tho world, but tho F5rty .do not.num- ber such à man. It ' has been suggested that inasmuch as Architecture is one of tho arts for the promotion,of whioli tho Academy was instituted,' Mr. George Gilbert Scott, tho groat restorer of cathedrals, would be a good choice, but thc painters rage and storm at this, and declaro thattone of their own craft must and shall bo chosen, and, as they. are tho largo; majority, they will have .their way. _ Î hope that it will bo ft long timo before they aro called upon for a dcoision, but as the subject is ono of home talk, I am entitled to mention it.: My correspondents do not supply . mo with miich further information, nor could it bo expeotod at this time, arid with such glorious weather. The journalists who havo daily essays to ¿ive . out are frightfully bewildered, and certainly do snatch \At tho oddest text for discourses. Thc pretty bathing dresses of the ladies at Ilandudno aro a theme for one writer, another has taken up tho behaviour of young persons in church, and a third has an article on some bad olarot which ho got at a confectioner's. Like tho manager who was obliged to snow brown, .when-his - white-paper - was exhausted, our 'journalists; airOjCertainly'' snowing brown now ..with ail their might And they may also be said , ,to . bo snowing : blue, ; for they are .busily reprinting ¡ the. Parlia- mentary books generally known by that colour, and tho information on Irish bogs and the' Falkland Islands is most improving. Nothing occurs to create a sensation,, and all but journalists rejoice thereat. Let us havo a little peace, while our eyes are bathed in greenery, and our cars aro lulled by thc wash of tho waves-we shall ,soon be in tho fight again, and long before these linos aro read, we shall be splashing in goloshes , through the mud of December. 