GENERAL NEWS. r 'We regret; having to report an accident which oc curred on Saturday afternoon to the Hon. Mr. Phillips, who rescued Barton and Shepherd, off Merino, a few weeks since. While riding over the Sandhills at the Bay, with a party of ladies and gentlemen, his horse fell, and-the hon gentlemen was picked up in a state •of. unconsciousness. He wbb carried into the resi dence of Mr. P. 0. Singleton, where he was restored, and in the evening was driven to town. He com plained of a.pain in his head, but we hope he will eustain no farther injury than a severe shaking. A match was played on the North Park Hands on Saturday afternoon between the married and single members of the South Australian Cricket Club. The afternoon was a fine one, but rather warm. There were h few sgectatora on the ground who took an in terest in the game. The married men were the flrst to. defend the wickets; but they were all put out with « score of 81. Their opponents then went in, and, by careful play, succeeded in becoming the viotors by «ighfr runs; they having obtained a total score of 89. The highest-number of runs obtained during the day by any one player was that of Smith, who made the excellent score of 32, and carried his bat out. The highest number on the married side was that ob tained by Cocker, senr. Subjoined are the scores:— MARRIED MEN. ' Marchant, b. Samson ... ... t J. W. Peryman, b. H. W. Peryman ... " 3 . Squires ... ... ... 2 Blvaz, b. Peryman ... ... ... ... . l Barnard, b. Peryman ... - 6 „ Cocker,,c. Samson, b. Davids ... 13 Scandrelt, b. Samson ... ... s Boothby, b. Mills ... 3 A. Payne ... ... .» 1 Gleeson, not oat ... ... ... ... 7 Tompkins, b. Samson ... ... ... ... 1 Byes ... ... ... ... ... ... " ... is \- ' Beg-byes ... ... ... ... ... " ... 2 Widea ... ... ... s Total ... ... ... «»•- ... ... 81 SINGLE MEN., Payne, b. Peryman ... ... ... ... 2 Davids, b. Peryman ... ... ... ... ... 2 Schlfnke, 0. Marobanfc ... ... ... • ... 0 A. Giles, b. Marchant ... ... — ... 1 Law, h. Peryman ... m. ... ... " ... 0 Samson, b. Marchant ... ... ... 6 ..Smith-notout ... .... ... ... ... 32 B. Mills, b. 8quires ... ... ... ... - ... 1 \- A. Old, o* Boothby ... ... ... • .0 \- Norman, b. Squires ... ... ... ... ... 0 \- H. W, Peryman, 0. Cocker, sen. 9 Cocker, junr., c. A. Payne ... ... 4 Byes ... ... ... ... ... 20 * ; Total ... ..." ... ... ... ... 89 Ah accident occurred to one of the married players which compelled him to leave the ground. Mr. \- Rivaz, while engaged in stopping a very swift ball delivered by Mr. Marchant, unfortunately broke the little finger of his left hand. P The First Adelaide Rifles competed for their (government prizes on Monday. Thirty-one had qn&lifled; themselves by attending the necessary num ber of drills during the past 12 months, of whom 8 ff«M present to fire, The prizes were divided as under40 per cent, of total, 1st prize; 30 ditto, 2nd prize; 20 ditto, 3rd prize. Two distance prizes of 5 per cent, each for 200, 300, 500 and 600 yardsPrivate A. H." Beyer- took the 1st prize, 88 points; Lieutenant Moody took the 2nd prize, 86 points; Private B. Leaver took the 3rd prize, 69 points; Private Logan took the distance prize, 200 and 300 yards; Private Boss took the distance prize, 500 and 600 yards. We have seen some excellent specimens of glne, manufactured by Mr. Matthews, of Hindmarsh. It has been tested by several well-known builders and cabinetmakers, by whom it is pronounced to be a first class article, and preferable to the imported. We have no doubt it will be extensively used. The price is about 60s. per cwt. ; , On Saturday afternoon a very agreeable reunion took place on board the good Ship St. Leonards, at Port Adelaide. Oapt. Franklin had invited a number of gentlemen of high standing in the colony, and a goodly gathering assembled on board the ship commanded by the jovial host of the day. The St.' Leonards was : in splendid trim, and she won universal commen dation. A most handsome champagne luncheon was laid out in the oabin, of, which the guests were invited to partake. Captain Franklin of course occupied the chair, while the Hon. Thos. Elder did the honors of the vice-chair, Among the gentlemen present were the Hon. Messrs. English and Tuxford, the Treasurer (Hon. A. Blyth), His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, Messrs. S. Tomkinson, J. H. Parr, W. Morgan, 0. Earr, G. W. Hawkes, S.M., and Captain Bruce, of the City of Adelaide. After lunch, the Treasurer proposed " Captain Eranklin and the - good Ship St. Leonard's," which Captain Eranklin, in a humorous speech, acknowledged. Mr. S. Tomkinson gave "The Health of the Agents Messrs. Elder, £Smith and Co.,' coupling with the toast, the name of the Hon. Thos. Elder. The Yice- Chairman briefly responded to the toast, fafter which His Worship the Mayor (Mr. Townsend) gave " The Health of Mrs. and Miss Eranklin," which the company duly honored, and which was acknowledged by Captain Eranklin. Then followed a toast to the health of Captain Bruce of the City of Adelaide, who made an appropriate speech in reply. This concluded the toast-making and toast drinking part of the business, and the remainder of the afternoon was Bpent in agreeable and sociable conversation. All the gueBts left the Bhip, haying thoroughly ©njoysd themselvoSj and with a lively sense of the liberality of their gallant entertainer. The Eastern Suburban Bifles competed -for the Government Company prizes on Thursday last, at the Butts on the South Park Lands. Only six mem bers competed. The distances were 200, 300, 500, and 600 yards, 10 rounds at each distance. Private Wells took the first prize, with 82 points. Lieutenant Weir and Private Starnes tied for the 2nd prize, and on shooting off the latter gentleman won, leaving the third prize to Lieutenant Weir, The Bev. Charles Colwefl, late Wesley an Minister of Wallaroo, died at the residence of Mr. L. Boach on Saturday night. He had for some time past been suffering from consumptionand had therefore been unable to attend to his ministerial duties. He came to Adelaide on one day during last week for the pur pose of attending the Wesleyan District Meetings, and was present at one of them on Wednesday. Since that time his complaint having taken a turn for the worse, he was confined to the house of Mr. Boach, where he was. stopping, and on Saturday night, about half-past eleven o'clock, he breathed his last. He was much respected, and his talents as a minister and j a lecturer on scientific subjects were of no mean ! order. His death cast a deep gloom over the anni versary services which were held in the Pirie-street Chapel, on Sunday. The anniversary services of the Pirie-street Wes leyan Chapel were commenced on Sunday, October 22\. In the morning the Bev. S. Worth, of Kooringa, discoursed from the words, " I have a message from God unto thee." Judges iii., 20. The Bev. Jphn Watsford conducted divine worship in the evening, andjselected for his text Bevelations xxi., 9 to 11. The congregations at each of the services were large, and the collections amounted to about £36. A tea and public. meeting is advertised to take place this evening. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the St. Mary's Sunday School Lecture Hall and Institute, at the Sturt, took place on Saturday after noon, Ootober 21. ^The weather was very propitious, and the attendance of spectators to witness the highly interesting ceremony wsb large. The Bite selected for the building is that which was originally chosen for St. Mary's Church, but circumstances occurred, at that time, which caused the erection of that edifice in the place where it now stands. It is an exceedingly pretty spot, and the surrounding scenery is delightful. Upon the ground was con structed a kind of canopy, covered with flowers and evergreens, at the rear of which the stone was laid. We subjoin a description of the structure "The new building is to front the west, and its size is to be 22 by 42 feet in the clear, and will be sufficient to accommodate the Sunday School, and for use as a Lecture Hall; the style is Gothic. Messrs. Wright and Woods kindly prepared the plan and specification, and presented the same to the Committee.'' The proceedings were Commenced by the Lord Bishop reading that part of the Church of England service adapted to such occasions, after which, the Bev. W. D. Williams, the pastor of St. Mary's Churoh, read a portion ot the Scriptures. The following is a copy of the contents of the bottle which was placed under the stone:— " ST. MART'S SUNDAY 8CHOOL LECTURE HALL AND "INSTITUTE, "The foundation-stone of this building was laid by the Right Reverend Augustus Short, D.D., Lord Bishop of Adelaide, ou the 2ist day of Ootober, in the year of our Lord 1865, Sir. Domlnick Daly being then Governor-in Chief of the province of South. Australia^the ;r" Ham Daores Williams Incumbent of Saint Mary s_Church, Richard Francis Burton and Charles Whitmore Babba0e, Esquires, Churchwardens, William Alexander Hughes, Esquire, Treasurer, and the Building Committee Messrs. William Hanoox, R. F. Burton, W. A. Hughes, E. Thorn ber F. A. Weaver, H. j. Riohman. By deed duly executed bv the said Lord BiBhop of Adelaide as trustee of thegroqna of the first part, the said William Dacresj Williams, Richard Francis Burton, and Charles Whitmore Babbage, of the second part, and the said William Alexander Hughes of the third part, bearing date the eighteenth day of August, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, it was mutually agreed that the purposes for which the said building be used be thus defined, that Is to say— . "1st. As a schoolroom. The doctrines and principles to be taught in the Sunday-school to oe In accordance with the nrinciDles of the United Churoh of England and Ireland. "2nd. Institute and Lecture Hall for seoular learning not contrariant to the prinlples aforesaid or of the Christian W«|rd!'Yonng Men's Association. For Comtnitteeand other meetings for mutual improvement or so cial enjoyment, so long as such Society be conducted in the opinion of said Trustee, Ministerand Church Warden.bf St. Mary s, for the advancement and spread of sound knowledge and instruc tion among the youth of the neighbourhood." Copies of the daily newspapers were alsqplaced in the bgttle. The Lord Bishop next proceeded to spread the mortar, and the stone having been adjusted and duly get he declared it laid in the name of the Father, the Son. and the Holy Ghost. The hundred and sixteenth Psalm was then sung by the assemblage, at the con clusion of which, Mr. W. A. Hughes said as Treasurer of the funds of that building, he would state that the total cost of it, together with the furniture, would be £300. The subscription list,, including aid from the Young Men's Association and the Ladies' working party, amounted to £200. They did not intend to make a oolleotwa on that day, but those present could see that what they had was not sufficient to defray expenses. He would be happy to receive the contributions of those who might wish to give. The Lord Bishop remarked that among the many pleasing duties which be had had to perform, none had given him more satisfaction than he felt on the present occasion. He was glad to see that they were trying to promote education in jthat district. Almost every township from Port Augusta to Mount Gambier had its Institute or Young Men's Society. It showed that the rising generation would not be inferior to 'the preceding one in wisdom and knowledge. They; had heard of late a great deal about self help, and this appeared to be a self helping age. Nothing in this life—education not excepted—was to be attained without self help. Many hadraised themselves from the lower classes to high positions in life. George Stephenson and Hugh Miller were illustrious examples, the latter of whom was a mason and worked in one of the quarries of Scotland, He would advise the young portion of those present to work diligently in pursuit of know ledge. It was pleasing, he said, to see the youth of South Australia desiring to obtain information which would be of untold value in after life to them. He need not say much about" the Sunday- school, as the good results of that Had been displayed on the preceding Sunday, when many of the scholars were confirmed; neither was there any necessity for him to enlarge upon the privileges and advantages of Christianity. "Remember now thj Creator in the days of thy youth," were the words of Solomon after he had partaken of the pleasures of this life and,had found them to be nothing but vanity. He was also glad to observe that it was not needful for him to invite them to take charge of the young, and bring.them up in the fear and admo nition of the Lord, as so many young persons among them were willing to tender their services for such purposes. He should like to speak a few words to them on the subject of learning and religion. He believed the more learning they acquired, the more they would be able to appreciate God's Word, and see that he was a being of unlimited power and infi nite love. His love was exhibited in the manner in which everything was created for the happiness and enjoyment of man. There were many persons who were afraid of science. He was not one of those. He considered that as the Bible was the inspired Word of God,that it never could become antagonistic to thebook of nature. He was certain that the discoveries in the one would throw light on the other. That was his opinion on the matter. Geology was at one time thought to be opposed to" Scripture, but now it3 wondrous revelations had only confirmed the statements contained in the Bible. He trusted that the studies carried on in that place would be of a religious tone, and that science and religion would go hand in hand. In conclusion,' he hoped that the blessing of God would rest upon all those who assembled there from time to time for the purpose of advancing their moral and spiritual wel fare. Mr. B. H. Babbage said he had been appointed on that interesting occasion—and which was especiallv so, as there was no collection—to present the thanks of those present to His Lordship the Bishop. In the course of his (Mr. Babbage's) following remarks he spoke in eulogistic terms of the character of His Lord ship, and concluded by thanking him for his kind services and excellent address. - The Rev. W. D. Williams stated that there was but little left for him to say. He was glad to be able to state that most of the young people who were confirmed on the previous Sabbath were brought up in their' Sunday- school, which institution was, in his opinion, the nursery of the Ohuroh. He would tell those young persons who were engaged in teaohing in the Sunday- school, that although they might not see the fruit of their labors now, they would in the Great Hay; This being the conclusion of the ceremony, the gathering dispersed. Captain Yarangut, of the Frenoh barque Reine, has presented to the Botanic Gardens a very novel canoe, brought by him from Manila, on his last voyage thence. She is hewn from a solid log of great length and depth, but very little beam, being kept upright by an outrigger when in use. This class of boat sails remarkably fast, and the natives are very | expert in their management; but all things con sidered, she is not quite as safe as a lifeboat, nor as comfortable in a seaway. This acquisition to the Gardens will doubtless command some attention. The Melbourne Illustrated Post has an engraving of the Hon. Mr. Phillips riding into the surf at Marino, to the rescue of the drowning crew of the Argus whaleboat. On Saturday evening, as a young woman was passing down Bundle-street, she had a narrow escape of being struck by a Bhutter, whioh fell down. Athough not struck, she was very muoh terrified and fainted, but beyond this, no injury was sustained. It only shows, however, what care should be exercised in putting up shutters.in a crowded thoroughfare, such as Bundle-street is, especially on Saturday evenings. It will be seen by referenoe to our advertising columns, that the Adelaide Photographic Company have photographed the magnificent silver Challenge Cup, presented by Captain Hughes to the Volunteers of South Australia. An [account of this beautiful work of art appeared in a recent number of this paper. We are requested to draw -attention to the entertainment of the Leofold Troupe at Hindmarsh, this evening. The Wallaroo Times'says:—1" A shaft is in course ofi being actively sunk upon the newly-discovered lode ati the Wallaroo Mine. Several tons of good ore, of "the green carbonate and steel-grey variety,.have already : been brought to the surface. The lode is about 80 yards north of the main Wallaroo lode, to; which it appears to run parallel, dipping southward. As mentioned in our last- issue, the new lode was dis covered about a foot below the surface, by some men who were cutting a drain to carry , the water from the Wombat shaft to tho Matta adit. *The way iii which the lode was found is only another instance in proof of how much more the discovery of mineral treasures is due to fortuitous circumstances than to scientific research.^ The drain alluded to is about eighteen inches wide, and has been cut almost parallel with the new lode. It therefore follows that if the drain hafi been cut a foot or two distant from its present position, it would have missed the lode, which in that case might have lain undiscovered for ages." We would call the attention of those interested in mining, matters, and others, to the proposed trip by the Eleanor on Saturday, the 28th inst., to visit the Wheal Coglin. After Monday tickets will be sold to the public, and it is probable many will avail them selves of the opportunity of at once enjoying a plea sant excursion, hi company with men of the right sort, and inspecting a celebrated and valuable pro porty. 