ALFRKD iiagakts household. J$y Alexander avthor of ' A LaJo Drama* Oh aptrr V!It. Thr following moriiioir Dr Crooks called and siw hie patient. He «Mt little dnpperclean-fbaven men, wrbooa ♦ertoroed n tolerably pi wl opinion of himself : ho wore a white Docicluih, a pold repeater, -a clu--tur of lirpO seals at hie f'b, and when w.ilkin#- hs earned his elcan-shavon ehin . «rwt, an) twirled deiteroufly a blank cane with a poHao head. He saw his patient, felt bar poles, studying tho whilo h k (J'M rerca'or, jtod when saiialieil ho dropped the , liulo wrist on tho had- clothes and tho repeater into his pocket at one Bnd tbo same moment Ho then examined Hniy'e tongue ; that done ho rubbed his dapper hinds to wether, rtroUd hie ideau- shaven ohin. adjusted hid white neckcloth, and intimate) that, if Mrs. Hagart would attend' him, be wou'd write -mt a prescription. When they entered the sitting-room Hagart, who was aasieusly waiting, rose, and Dr tirooks mule a little bow MW Millie tu lepi; w um iw%u,-'t'Ht ' I trust you do sot Dud anything seriously wrong with my daughter, '* he Bali. ' Well nothing serious as yet : nothing at all serious as yet,' raid the doctor. .tbo'r a delicate dbild, a very doli rate child, Mrs. Hagart, and we must take great cue of her. Meantime ebe must keep her bed, and be kept perfectly quiet. She'a a little feverish but if you will obDge me with pen, ink, and paper, we'll prescribe something which will reduce that, I hope.' Mre. Hagart opened her writing-desk and plaoed it on the table before the doctor, who ft down and scribbled certain hieroglyphics, and signed his name at the fb it drawing two great dashes under it. ' This you will give her every two Bono4, and I'll r ail the day after to- morrow. Meantime, if . the should got worse send fir me at once.' ' But you don't think it likely that she will get worse r' Mrs. Hagart aokrd with a. li'Ue gulp of alarm. V 1 don't anticipate she will,' said Dr. Crooks, impres sively drawing on hts gloves; 'I really don't think she will, hut it's always heat to know how to act if anything should happen. .She is very duties h, and great oars rututbs U'ea —rare especially of cold. I am sure,' and here the clean shaven (lector smiled blandly, ' Bhe is under tho charge of the trndercrt of nurses ' TJ rider cover of this Are of compliment tho doctor retired. Martha let him out, tbe JHagvts heard the door close, -and at at moment they saw him pass the window on his way to Greysley, twirling his gold- headed cauo, and currying his clenn shaven i bin crert. Mrs. Hagart was not quite satisfied with the result,of the doctor's visit. She plucked vsgue alarms out of his pro fea-ioual commonplace. ' He says she is feverish ; and then he raid if she becuine worse ? ' 44 But he dot e not think it likely that ahe will,' said the husband. ' He did not wish to frignton u». Doctors never say ex actly what they think. I fear tbe poor de ir is more seriously ill than we suspect. If she is not better to morrow, I'll go into Grey-ley and see bim myself.' *? He sail ho -would call tho day after to-morrow. Mean time, we will get tbe prescription and see its effect. There is no use going to see him : ho was only to be seat for in the event of her getting worse. Your fears are mother's ?foolishness ' 41 You don't feel as I do, Alfred ; indeed you don't. I .can't argue with you. I don t know how it is, but I feel that some evil is impending God grant my feeling may be only mother's feolb-linsm as you call it. If Mrs. Hagart was filled with melancholy, her husband was not. Tbo doctor s words bad dissipated the onlt cloud thatjingcred in his raind. Although tired by his walk from Spiggleton, he had lain awake half the night, and during tbe night watrhes a great idea had flashed upon him. Thie ideaihe turned over and over; he grew more enamoured of it every moment^ and now the sun of his prospers was sh ning as at midsummer. The Spiggleton market were overstocked : Iioggs and Bloggs and the rest of them were inclined to .rest on their oars. The Spiggleton markets were overstocked -but then it uas with goods for winter wear and all the patterns he had taken with him were designed for winter fabrics. Was it astonishing they did not sell ? It was a-toniehing rather that the manufacturers wore good jmtured enough to look at them. Hoggs and Bloggs must rest on their oars of con-ae— they were waiting to sec what styles would be fashionable in spring. It was quite natural theyihould so wait. But who would set the spring fashions ? He would ! He would produce a collection of patterns of such unexampled beauty and elegance, adapted for the spring season, that t-. oggs and Bloggs would see that the moment for action had arrived ; that the iron was hot and must be struck at once ; and so by his own energy, spirit, and genius, Hagart saw bis way to revive the e'piggleton trade, to cause the whole town to sing aloud for joy, to make Hoggs and . . Bloggs miUicnaires, and to put unknown sums of money in his own pocket This idea had dawned upon Hagart while tossing upon his pillow about two o'clock in the morning ; he thought it would de then : and new when he had slept over it and reviewed itvwithacool braip. he not only thougnt it would do— he was sure of it . This grand idea rose- lined his whole world, it prstfe less terrible hid butcher's bill, and lent a healthy colour even to poor Katy'e cheeks, Hagart. withdrew to the empty room inwhioh the big . desk stood, and while endeavouring to realise his brilliant . idea, at tbe very moment - indeed when he had sketched a sprig of hawthorn with a butterfly p rchei upon it— fori he \- determined to tickle Hoggs and Bloggs with distinguished '. novelty, as the jaded appetite of the epicure is tickled by con diments— Mrs. Graves, the naval officer's widow who lived ? . two doors off, was preparing to pay a visit of condolence to , Mrs. Hagart. 1 i - .The ladies ware not in any intimate way acquainted, but tbby hod once or twice exchanged formal calls. In truth Mrs. Hagart was somewhat stiff and formal towards strsn i gen, end was not in the least disposed to allew man or , woman to inscribe his or her name perforce on her list of . - friends. On meeting strangers she remembered she was a McQuarrie, that she had a great- great-great-grand father ; and from all unwelcome advances she was wont to shelter herself behind a frigid and oeremonious politeness. Such . \- politeness, however, did not in the least disconcert Mrs. Graves. She was a woman of tongh moral cuticle, and oonld not be easily oold-shou'dered. She had a charming ?? insensibility to affront - Lake the British army, she did pot know when she was beaten ; and like the British army, through that heroic ignorance she gained many a victory!. - . 1 YThen Martha was running into Greyeley in the morning to summon Dr. 'Crooks, she encountered Susan, Mrs. Graves's maid- servant, returning from the dairy with (the morning's milk. There waa a sentimental friendship betwpen these young women, and if their world was contracted com pared to the wide and splendid one in which you and 1 lire —why it was the only world they had, and wah interesting - to them as ours is to us. Of course when they met there was a quarter of en hour'e chatter, and, quite as muah a ? htatw: 2f. 99^12, lh® J?™*? *Wt8?- - holds in which they raided oouelitatei a considerable pro- 1 portion of it. $UKH told Martha that her mistress hod got home hhr hew dress, end Martha told Susan that 'Katy had been taken 111. And when Susan went home she brought with the milk this little morsel of news. Mrs. Graves was a kind .hearted 'woman enough in her way, and she warn experienced . in sickness. Her husband, Lieutenant Graves, R.N., had been long ill before he de parted this life : she bad been weakly herself in youth and eariy married life, the Bad had children, but being of rickety constitutions they had all died. When ehe heard the news of Kstt/s illness she resolved to call on Mrs. Hagart, because she liked to be fat the midst of siokness where die could air her experiences, because she liked a little neighbourly gossip, and because the call would give her the opportunity of wearing her new dress, which use flattered herself -waa of richer material end mora fashionable make V than any dress possessed by Un. Hagart. That lady was surprised and annoyed whrn she saw her visitor pace in at ihe little gate. She Was a McQuarrie, and ?he did not care to receive visitors — especially such visitors ae her Immediate neighbours ; and at the present time she ' 'was in no mood to receive visitors of any kind. Bnt Martha opened the door, and Mrs. Graves rustled through the lobby In her eilk and was in tbe parlour in a trioe. She caught Mrs. Hagart'a coldly extended hand in both her own. 'I . am sorry to bear that Miss Kaiy is ill,' she said, 'and have not been able to net all tbe morning. She ia such a pretty child, and I have admired her so often— so quiet, so gentle, and so even-tempered. She reminds me eo much of my own lost darlings. Susan wished to come round to inquire, ' bnt I said I would come myself- So here I am.' What could Mrs. Hagaitdo? Her icy manner thawed, and Bhe asked her visitor to tit down. If the greatest booby in creation telle me that he ie continually reading my books, and that hie interesting children have got oertain of mv poems by heart, I know he is a booby all tho eamo, but I am conscious of a pleasant iiiillation. When Mrs. Graves was seated, she was duly informed that Katy hod been yesterday taken suddenly ill, and that lack had been frightened out of hie wits ; also that the chil dren had been taken home in their aunt's carriage. Mrs. Graves was eloquent in sympathy. 44 A darling girl of mine was taken ill in a similar way, and wae taken from me. It was just about this season of the year too. The beginning of winter is a bad time for children's ail moats— avow bad litre. Dr. Macnamara— 1 and my bus band were living in Dublin then— told me it wae the winter that killed my girl. If the illness had but come in spring she would have etruggled through it, and bssn a grown woman now— to comfort me.' Thereafter there were teara on both aides, and a good deal cf sympathetic ejaculation. Mrs. Graves had coma to con dole, and had found herself oondoled with, which was plea sant Mrs. Hagart had entirely forgotten by this time that Mrs. Graves had no discoverable grandfather. 41 My dear Mrs. Began, I hava had my trials. I have endured the loss of husband and children, and yet here I em : and in spite of ell 1 can laugh and chatter pleasantly enough with a friend of en evening over a cap of tea. A heart can stand a good deal before it breaks.' Here Mrs. Hagart interjected a pious sentiment^ the pur port of which may be divined. 41 You are a young mother,' Mrs. Graves wanton, 41 and cannot be expected yet to bear illness oaBliy. It's wonderful how one ge's used to it after a while. I am never eo happy as when 1 am in attendance on a eiok bed — having so much experience, yon know ! If you should over require mo—' Hers Mrs. Hagart shook her head '! Well, I'll not iruiBt, bnt if you ever ahould, you know, I aui at your Bervice. In illnesses, especially with young mothers, the great thing ia to bsve a good doctor.' . ' We have called in a skilful doctor, Dr. Crooks. He 1 - attended Alfred— my husband,' intorjooted the lady hastily, T ' ' Alfred' striking the HoQuanie part of her niture as 'being too fomDlsrfor the oooosion -4 1 and he brought bim ? ? ?? ' rottsd-ia a week.' ' Dr. Crooks !' . Tdh have no doubt of Dr. Crooks' skill, I hope f'asktd , Kit. Bagarh 1® sh claimed tone. ' I ray nothing on the matter. It's not for me to fatter: fore Vr Crocks mav be a very skilful man, bntlwnbw tbst Mrs. WardeU, when confined of |ter setond baby, 'died uifltr his charge j 'and that Mrs. donee a little boy t-lhe tbs draicris Wife in High-street, you knovf—jus^ about your girl's age, by tbe way,-be was, and of a similar complexion — was:to awav under his care, and to this day Mrs Jones believer that Dr Crooks never uncersto.d tho esse Bnt you )ii,w I ray rothiig Dr, Crooks may be a skilful man, i nly if 1 were you 1 would call Dr. Bawdier.' ' Dr. Crooks is known to my husband, and ho has every confidrnre In him,' said Mrs. Hagart, somewhat coldly. 44 He was here this morning, and thinks that tbechild is not seriously ill but that tho gr. at est care must bo taken of her.' ' Doctors, as a class, don't tnow much, about children's ailmente— at least not eo much as mothers of cxperienoc. How should they ? Tbey do nut watch and tend them day end might or mothers do. I have buried five darlings, Mrs. Hi part, and I ought to know eomstting Peihaps you would let me see MieB Katy. My experience might suggest ? ' ' -?Ohno.no, no. I wally couldn't She's palecp at pre sent, and the rustle of your dices might woken her.' ' silk,' said Mrs. Gravta,glan ing complacently down at her eklrte, 11 especially heavy -eilk like this— it erst ten shil lings the yard, my dear; and I'm sure you'll ihiuk it cheap at the money, just t.y the, teafturo-is not well suite 1 fir a sick room, perhaps. The iuttie, as you say, might disturb tbe darling, but I'll call in a day or so and see my little friend in whom 1 am to much interested. - Don't you think it bancsume, -ud very well made ?' And Mm. Graves got up from her (hair, and turned slowly round. For a moment there wae a apatk ofcomio light in Mrs. H agart'a . ey e. ?' V cry handsome indeed 1 I suppose you got it made quite recently ?' ' It tame home only two days ago. Tho truth Is'— here tbe visitor became much more communicative than she had ii.tmiVd— ' this is the first time 1 have had it on, and I so much wished to know how J ou would like it ' ' 1 am sure 1 em very much obliged bo you for the com pliment. But 1 must be going to Katy. now.' ' Oh yes, .a patient must have cveiy attention. Don't you think there is somttbing wrong with the fold here i Ho ! I have still some old prescriptions .given me by Dr. Macnamara. I.k- ep them in a box with (be red sashes and the blue those (he darlings wore, and I'll send one ronnd if you like. Dr. Macnamara waa the most famous physician in Dublin in bie time, and poor Lionel always insisted on bating tbe most -eminent skill. I am oertain it will do good. ' 1 hank you. Bnt we are in the hands of Dr. Crooks, and must follow bie advice.' 41 Dr. Cruol e ie to call the day after to-morrow, I think you said. Isn't that a lung time to wait r ' said Mrs. Graves as f he rose, shook hands with Mrs. Hagart, and went into ihe lobhy. ' Be sure, my dear, that he understands the care. Kvetylbing drptmds upon that. If yon have any reason to susptct that he docs net, you can send at once for mt— or Dr. Bowoier ' And so Mrs Graves sailed off, highly pleased with the interview, and leaving ILre. Hagart the most miserable woman in the world. Chapteb IX. On tbe second day, according to promise, Dr. CrookB called, and found his patient much in the same condition, neither appreciably better nor worse. She took little tool, slept a good deal, was always patient and ewett-t-.mpered, had always a wansmile for her father: and when her mother came in, h o arms were always stretched out for an embrace and her mouth raited for a kiss; and at this Mrs. Haga-t wou'd pretend to have forgotten something, or to hear Martha calling, and go off to the parlour for a cry, from whii h in a little while she wonld return with a hypocri tically cheerful face, and with some little delicacy in her hand, with which to tempt Katy'a appetite. On hia Beoond visit the doctor, as w as his wont, did not say much : he felt her pulse, examined her tongue, and then went into the pailour to wri eont a new piescription. Whilo drawing on bie gloves the mother's anxiety broke out at one c. tt Oh, doctor-yon must pardon me— hut I can't help it. Tell me truly what yon think ! Aren't yon disappointed a little that Katy is not bettor?' 44 I rnnfpKR' ssid the doctor. 44 that I eXDectod to nao a greater improvi ment, hut I don't think on the whole your Cfcughtfr ib worse: no, I don't think she is worse.' 41 Is her illness serious ? You don't think I am lieely to lose my darling ? Oh, doctor, she's eo precious to me, — so precious ; and I am so unhappy.' 44 All illness is serious, more or less, especially with deli cate children ; but I don't think there is any immediate cause for alaim— I really don't. Keep np your spirits, my dear lady ; I expect to see your daughter running about shortly. 'Ill could but hope eo, doctor I Bnt when I look on the little white, patient face, my heart misgives me sadly. If she would but be querulous and fretful, and show some little epBrk of qnick temper, I would feel easier. Her patience and swectiess frighten me.' 41 Mothers are always anxions,' Baid the doctor, with a thin smile on his clean shaven face. 41 1 suppose they are. and 1 dare say von think me very foolish ; bnt she is nil the world to me. 1 did not know how dear she was, till 1 became afraid 1 should lose her.' And thereat the doctor spoke comfortable words, and said he expected great results from the new prescription. Bhe was not to be over anxioue : he would oall in a day orso ; and that he had no doubt he would pnll the child through. When he was gone, Mrs. Hagart eat downandhadagooiifit of crying, and when it waa ova the world waa a good deal brighter. The doctorhad said oomfortable words, ana ehe mi continually going over them and extracting emsriation 'from them. It was wonderful how much they contrive# to yield— how much such words always contrive to yield provided the rememberer is wretched enough. A couple of hours after the departure of Br. Crooks— . while Hagart waa busy- with his patterns, creating (he new style which was to make rejuvenescent the flaggmg Spig gleton trade, and Mrs. Hagart wait sitting in Katy'e tqom —Martha' was summoned by a sharp peal of the door-beli. Hastily dry tog her hands -for she was engaged peeling potatoes forihe early dinner — die ran ont to the little gate, and was astounded to find a grey-haired serving-man writ ing there. ' An actual serving-man— snoh a one ae she had seen oure or twice in her life standing hyacarriage ata shop door in ihe High- street of Greyeley — with white gloves, a hat with loop and band, and with silver buttons on Ms drab great- coat. There be stood writing: 'no dream, bnt a reality ; and Martha went out to him with no tittle awe. ' Does Mrs, Hagart live here?' asked the man. Martha answered in the affirmative. a ' ' Mis s McQuarrie sends her compliments, and wishes to know low Mirt Katy Hagart is?' ' 'Twcel then, she's jist much aboot it,' arid Martha, 41 She's neither better nor wanr. Dr, Crooks hw bwn here the day, an' ordered a obange o' medicine. She's verri qnate en' putient, mfa tWn£l'r '- Tills letter is ror Mrs. Hagart.' said the marij handing 'an epistle to Martha; ' and yon are to give it into Mrs, Bsgart's own hands. Martha took the letter, promising to fulfil the message ; . and as her swe had by this time somewhat abated, she said, '? 1 didna ken that bliss McQuarrie keepit a man- servant. ' Ho more rite does. Bhe is living jast now with my master.' 44 Leevfri wi' yer meas'er ! Then it was yer measter'a coach that. Miss McQuarie was in tbe other day, when she picked np Katy an' brockt her bame i' The men abthfiOW ; bnt Miss McQnarrie had a day Mr two since driven into'Greydey in the forenoon, and re turned to Hurlferd to dinner. 14 Hurlferd 2 that 'ill be yer mearier's place ?' The man said it was ; and again intimating that the letter was to be delivered into Mrs. Hagart's own hands, went '^What's this noo ?' said Martha to herself as she re ndered the house. -f It's no intendit to be seen by tho mcaster, an' jist as weel, for he's no fit for much but pentin*. Miss McQuanie's oomiri nearer an' nearer, an' we'll be seeiri herscT some o' thae days.' As the letter was to he delivered into the hands of her mistress, Martha thought the would do so at ones, as a belter opportunity would not likely occnr of finding her alone. Bhe accordingly opentd the door of the room in which Katy lay, and hearing her mistress's admoritaiy 41 Hush 2 the chiidis asleep, Martha 2' she contented herself by saying in alow voice, 41 Mem wad ye please to speak for a moment f' and contrived to put such mysteriouanosB into her intonation, that Mrs. Hagairt was in the kitchen wiih her at onoe. ' 'What is it, Martha ?' ! 41 Oh mem 2 Miss McQuarrie sent her servant-man— at least the servant-man o' the gentleman fhe's staying wi' at Hurlford— to ask for MisB Katy, an' I tell't hnn ahe was - jist aboot it, neither hotter nor waur, and that Dr. Crooks had been seem' her.' 44 MIbs McQuarrie 2 Yon most hs dream'ng, girl 2' 11 Ha, na; no' dreamln' a hit. Whan the ben roag_. there was Ihe man at the door, an' he said. Miss MoQuarrie sent ber compliments : an' ruair than thai,' continued Martha, her eyes becoming bigger end rounder, and her voice grow ing more mysterious than ever, 44 be gied me this letter, mem, and tell't me to bo particular to gie it into naebody1 s hands but j train,' Mrs. Hagart saw at a glance that the letter was addressed to her, and that it was in her half sister's hand-writing— once familiar enough, but which she had not seen for long. She felt thai the hot blood was mounting to her torn, and that her bands were shaking somewhat. Anxious that Martha should sco nothing of ber disoompoenre, she said, in aa careless s tone as she could assume, 44 1 don't know what this will be about, bnt perhaps it will require an immediate answer,' and then, uncomfortably conscious that her voioe was unsteady, she betook horself to* the parlour and shut the door alter her. When she sat down she let the letter lie in her la?, half afraid to open it. What could be the purport of it ? Would it sting her as the last letter had stung her ? Was it a signal (hat the family breach was about to be repaired ? From the strange interviews with the children, she expected that Miss MoQuarrie would take action in one form or another; and now, when action had been taken, she was eeixoi by a sin gular apprehension of evil. All kinds of images hurried through her brain : remembrance of her old home, her father, her early life, and still the let or lay in her lap unopened. At last with trembling finger ahe broke the Eeol. She saw the lett-r began 41 My dear Margaret,' and that it occupied more than one page : and then with a nervous anxiety to see how it closed, ana how her ester subscribed herself, she turned tbs page and encountered —with a start and grip, and a sudden thought of butcher and baker, . and no end of nice thtogsfor Katy ilHn the next room — a^twenty^pound 44 Your affectionate sister, Kate McQuarrie/ ' Bo fir, Shraj the letter did not lopk dangwoqa, and rito begw toroad if I. through. 44 JJy CearrMargari-t,4' far-wont on,-4' -you'wi'l bs|ie»a'a#e; when I toll ybhthat I led Miangely As 1 wrilethAseVoros.-' To go bark upon what separated us is no good. Perhaps if tbe thing wrre to happrn now, I would not act at I did. But at the time 1 thought i acted lightly, so did your father, —end he knows fioio. Kishtly or wrongly, 1 have found so little happiness in n,y life, that — eten although jOu had acted tuoie wrongly than you did — I could hope you hnvo ionnd more. 44 1 knew your children when I saw them. I was sorry to f-nd your daughter, and any nameeeke, so poorly the other day. 1 liust she is better now. 1 thuught when I hat her in ifaecerri-ge with me that iter drees was.rather slight for tbisould wcHtfcer. Teihops the little bit of .paper enclosed, \- end it is not the last tit 1 hate got either — may bo found uielu). 44 1 don't know (bat 1 should see you, or that yon wonld in the h ast care to see me. Perhaps, it yon arenot too proud, we may m- 1 1 ; out nut now. I hatdly think such a break as cure -can be fairly soldered in this world, ,but I 4oa't know ; and perhaps it may be no use trying. There are thing- we may forgive, but cannot Joiget; and there is no gh-st so -difficult tu loyws the ghost of an injury. I don't tbirk I have ni-.te to eay. 1 may perhaps send again to in quire fir your daughter. Should you ever think of writing me, I shall at least read your letter. 44 Your r-tfectionato Sister. M Kate McQuaaaie. 44 P.B. — Icotirs that you lave put the sixpences I gave the children on chains, ana given them to wear as keepsakes. If I had notfound oat that, I should not have written this.' M-s. Hagart did not at all relish this epiBtle on the first reading : it seemed to ber harsh, cold, inexorable, unfor giving. There was no slln-ion to her husband in it. It was evident that ber enter held her old opinion on tbe matter. And the nuntion of the sligbtness of Katy'e ap parel struck ber as unnecessarily cruel. Altogether it waa unsatisfactory, ana the felt that if the circumstances had been revEreed, she wonld have written with much more warmth, cordiality, and graciotisnees. But on a re-pernsal —and the poor lady, if she read it'once, read it a d rzen timer— it seemed to lose much of fte sternness. The hard ixes began to relax; and ahe read and read, until she began to feel that crabbed as were some of tbe rettences. there was real afiection in tbim. 'J h. n the crabbed sentences began to bei ome sorrowful eecfemes only— Borrowful both ways ; son ov fa! as regarded the writer, sorrowful also as regarded tbereacer. 'Bbebadlomai.efbetirstadvance,' thought Mre. Hogart, she smoothed out the letter and tbe twenty-pound note on her knee, 44 and she did not know how ahe would be received. Jf you are not too proud, we may yet met. tbe is afraid ol toy pride, (hen. 1 hat will be no very fierce lion in the path of reconciliation. If 1 had not found out that, I would not hovewritten this But forthe sovereigns, sbe might bsve thought I hated her. How was she to know that 1 oil not hate ber ? 1 think it very generous of her to take the initiative, with all ire risks. And as for Kitty's dre6f— well, perl aps it was e little too slight for the season, only she m eo not have put it so plainly down. But then sbe wasn't to kDow that 1 had her winfc r drosses nearly bubbi d. Alter all, she is Katy's aunt, and Katy is her namesake, as sbe says, and of course she con say what sbe Ibink s, end of - curse I need not be ashainel to accept ber present. If you think of writing me, I shall at least read your Utter. That does lock a little grampy ; but then she did not read tbelast letter I sent, ana if I write a letter now the is willing to read it,— which is pleasant eo for. 1 think a'together, the note is very nice ' And thi n Mre. Hsgtrt bf gen to feel very happy, for now her thoughts could linger pleasantly around her old home, aronnd her sister, and around the gTave of her father. 44 He knows now;' and sbe thought tbe recoDiiliatioii so proffered, was proffered not only by the living, but by tbe dead. And sitting thinking, with the letter n h'r lap, tbe present faded away, and she was again a little girl standing beside a white wall, with a laburnum tree hanging a' ove her, and looking seaward to wards dim rocky islands capped with summer clonds ; aud there was a step on the gravel, and two large hands were clasped over her eves, and a voice asked who it was that was holding her, and Ehe cried, 44 Papa 1' and she heard her father and aisler laugh as the large hsnde were unc!asped. end tbe summer light and heat came again fall against her face end eyes. But thifc reverie was but for a moment. When ehe came beck to the present and its con- eras, tie question arose— How about her husband ? Should she show him the letter end the m'tey ? He wnuli know all about it some day, and she thought it comported best w tb pi udence and wifely duty, as well aa with impulse, to lay the matter before him at once. And (o thinking, ehe (hinst tbe lett-r and the money into her pocket, and opening the doer of the room in which Hsgtrt worked, entered. 44 Well Mag ?' he said, as his wife came in. 44 Come 4o see this beauty, eh ? Isn't that sweet ? Isn't there a kind of b sort of air, style, abont that, eh ? 'Pon my word I n$ver thought. I was so clever a fellow. 1 feel a sort of lnnpiration, Meg. T his lot will astonish (ho Spiggletonians, Its beauty wi 1 draw the money ont of the Spiggletonian pockets, ai bs his Ante- playing that Gr ek fellow, Amphion, used to draw tbe trees and stones after him ' Un. Hagart stooped to look at the pattern on whii her htuband wbb engaged 41 It's very pretty, Alfred, very pretty, Indeed.' And then, their heads being quite close, ehe slipped her arm round his neck, end drew hie cheek against hers. 44 1 am so happy, So happy, Alfred,' she mnmured as she did eo. 44 Yes, yes, poor dear t' sold Hagart- 44 It's pleasant to know that Dr. Crooks dors not think that Katy is aerioOBly ill. I knew yon wonld be happy. And when I once get these things finished, and come home from Spiggleton like——' 44 But it is not that,' hesitated his wife. 14 What then, Msg r' said Hagart, looking np in quiringly. 41 Miss McQuarrio sent a servant to ask for Katy today.' 44 The denes, ebe did 1 I suppose the old she-drecon will be making -berappcernnoe in person one of those days. I hope she won't catch me, that's alb Has Miss Kate's inquiry made yon so happy r' , 4'lt shows that she takes so much interest.' \- 44 Belter late than never, l ean remember the time when sbe had no interest in either you or the children. Aaforme, ? I suppose I am hated like prison, being of a. family rich belt her in ghosts nor grandfathers. \- i ' Let the ghoeta ana grandfathers alone,' arid hia wife ; 44 (bey are not troubling yon at present.' 41 b ever saw one cf ihem, good luck ! Father and half sister are enough for ma.' 44 Yea, and half-sister's half-sister, yon cross man,' and here his wife patted him on theabovider. 44 But, Alfred, Miss McQuarrie did more than inquire.' 44 Bother Miss McQuarrie ! What more did ahe do then i' 44 She sent me this, and this,' and his wife laid down the letter and the twenty- ponnd note on the desk before him Hsgart took np the note and read it. When he had finbheo. h* turned sharply ronnd. 44 And th;a is witft has made yon so happy I' 44 Yes, Alfred.' 44 Then you'll be good enough to send book to Miss McQuarrie her letter and her money — at once, with my compliments. Confound her I what right hps she to eay my daughter's dress is too slight for the season? If it should be so, 1 can provide anower for her.' 44 J don't think yon quite understand ? ' 44 1 do understand ! Although you had acted even more wrongly,' ' And with (hat, with a very, red face, Hagart fore up the letter, and strewed its fragments on the floor. 'This tnakeeyouhappy indeed? Even '^although you hod acted more wrongly, ltn extremely obliged to her, and to yon. JPerhape we may meet, ; but not now 2 If yon wore a widow's cap, I dare say the meeting wonld take place ; to morrow. I'm sony I separate so much mutual affection ' 44 You are very cruel, Alfred, and I think very selfish. You know she is my only living relative almost— my only sister, at least— and that I am pleased she has made thie ad vanve. I am sure that you don't understand her letter, and I am also sure that there is no referenoe to you in it. If the wishes to make friends with me she knows that the worst plan Bhe could adopt is to speak digbtiiigly of yon in any way. You ought to know that. It was wrong of you to destroy her letter— it was tbe only one of hers I had. 44 1 don't care what you are sure cf. And if you wish to preserve a epecimexi of her correspondence, you ehnnli have kept the letter ypil received from her while in London. Why ditin't tliat one make you happy ? As for the money I insist thai it shall beaent back at onus.' Whereat Mrs. Hagart picked (he note from the desk, and said with her best dignity air, 44 The money shall not go hack, Alfred 2 I am son y to disobey you in any way, but (his money shall not go back. It has come from my own ?family and il would be wrong, foolisli, insulting, to send it hstk. We tball find'it very serviceable.' 44 1 soppose I am (o be taunted with my poverty next ?' 44 Yon know 1 am too much of a gentlewoman to taunt yon, even although 1 had cause— much heaven knows I have not. I flon'tundtretandyourmoodatall,audI think yon will be acrry for what you have faid.' 44 Bo happy 2' cried liagmt, with his moat scornful em phasis. T his eeemcd to liave stuck lurdeit in our friend4s throat. But Mrs. Hagart took no notice of the exclamation, and retired to (he parlour liBgart was desperately snlky all day thereafter, and when Marti, a intimated that diunvr was on the table, he growled (hat he was busy, and would come to tea. Meauwhile Jack had returned from school, and had goue in to chit With Katy. hint. Hagart hurried tea; and when Hagart cauie in, end when his wife handed him a cup, bo went and kissed her. 44 1 am very sorry, Mag,' he said. 44 So am I, Allied, that you should have been ounoyel ; but you will see that 1 have acted for the best.' 41 As you always do,' said he, taking a slice of buttered toast upon his plate. {To be continued.J 