TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC- CORRESPONDENTS. TOOWOOMBA. July 27. JocKEY CLUB RACES." THIRD DAY. THE weather was beautiful, and it was esti mated that upwards of 1500 persons were on the course. The following events formed the programme of the day ; South WESTERN RAILWAY PLATE. Mr. Ryan's Brisbane. 1 Mr. Brown's Chanteur .... 2 Mr. Moir's Chance . . 3 This was an excellent race, Brisbane winning by a head only. TOOWOOMBA Cou. Mr. Thompson's Miss Pitsford 1 Mr. Ryan's Forrester ... . 2 The race was run in five minutes and forty seconds. In the straight running there was a desperate struggle, the riders of both horses doing their best ; the mare, however, won by half a head, and came in amid tremendous cheering, which continued for some minutes. Much satisfaction was generally expressed at the Queensland mare winning, although a good deal of money changed hands. SELLING RACE. Mr. Annand's Tipploton Tip 1 Mr. Thompson's Prospector,.. 2 The first horse bolted, but came in first. The Stewards declared the conduct of the jockeys to be most disgraceful, and the horses have been disqualified from running on the course again and the jockeys will not be allowed to ride any. horses at future meetings in the district. It was declared that there was no race. CONSOLATION STAKES. Mr. Cunningham's Madcap .... 1 Mr. Larkin'sShamrock .... 2 FORCED HANDICAP. Mr. Ryan's Forrester ,.. 1 Mr. Thompson's Prince Rupert . 2 This was a splendid race, and, with the exception of the difference of opinion expressed in reference to the " Selling Race," everything passed of well. SYDNEY. About one hundred bales of wool were sold to-day at the latest quotations. Mr. Spaight, the Secretary of the Waratah Company, has been missing for some days, and it is rumoured that he has absconded. All the horses entered for the Mayor's Cup have been accepted. The Wallsend Colliery Company have declared a dividend of five per cent. Flour is firmer. The Florence Irving will sail for Brisbane to-morrow. MELBOURNE. The R.M.S.S. Salsette arrived from Sydney this day; she will leave to-morrow morning. Mr. M'Culloch (the Chief Secretary) has stated that a contract has been arranged for a monthly mail service with England, but that if a better class of steamers are not employed the Government will not pay any subsidy. There is now another debate in the Legislative Assembly on the subject of the tariff. Tobacco is improving in price, the demand being increased. Sugar also is rising. ADELAIDE. It is stated that all the shares of the new National Bank have been taken up. Wheat is quoted at 8s 10d. per bushel. WE have to record the fact that another silver cup has been presented to the Turf Club, to be competed for at the ensuing meeting. The donor on this occasion is the Hon. B. Pring, and the value of the cup is estimated at 25 guineas. Should any other gentlemen follow the liberal example already of three times over, the club would be in a position to make another day's racing, when nothing else but those very acceptable donations would form the prizes. It is evidently quite a mistake to imagine that in Brisbane horse-racing would meet with no encouragement. A NUMBER of gentlemen met last evening at a fruit and wine soiree, -noll prepared by Mr. Richard Younge at the Royal Hotel, for tho purpose of presenting R. W. Mackellar, Esq., late manager of the Brisbane Branch of the Commercial Bank, with a handsome silver breakfast service on the occasion of his departure from the colony. The chair was occupied by Mr. W. Wilson, and the vice chair by Mr. A. Martin. After the usual loyal toasts had been drunk, the chairman proposed the health of the ghost of the evening 2 and, in doing so, alluded in very flattering terms to Mr. Mackellar, who he (the chairman) stated had not made a single enemy during his residence in Brisbane. He concluded by presenting that gentleman with the service of plate. Mr. Mackellar briefly responded, expressing his pleasure at receiving such a substantial token of the esteem of the friends he would leave behind him, and his sorrow at having been called upon somewhat suddenly to leave a place where he had experienced so much courtesy as in Brisbane. Several other toasts were proposed and responded to, and the company separated shortly after 10 o'clock. A NUMBER of men employed by the Corpora- tion have commenced clearing the street laid out by the Government as a continuation of Turbot street, towards Wickham Terrace. The road is to take a course nearly straight up the hill and over very difficult ground. The clearing is being made preparatory to taking the levels of the street. ON her passage down from Maryborough the Clarence, s., made a trial of the coal from Burrum mines, situated about 18 miles from Maryborough. She had only 5 tons on board, and these were small coals but, nevertheless, the results were most satisfactory. The coals, although so small that they fell through the furnace bars, burnt away wholly, leaving neither ask nor clinker. Steam was kept up without difficulty, and the engineers are of opinion that it fully equalled the same sized Newcastle coal. THE Platypus, s.s., returned to Brisbane last evening, having been absent since Monday last on a pleasure excursion to the northern parts of Moreton Bay, with his Excellency Sir GKF.Boweni Lady Bowen, the Colonial Secretary, the Colonial Treasurer, the Port Master, the Collector of Customs, and several other gentlemen. The party visited the Cabulture River, and cruised about the bay and as they have been fortunate in meeting with fine weather, have doubtless had a most enjoyable trip. WHO would be a Minister of the Crown and member of the Executive Council of the Colony of Queensland unless he was influenced by a spirit of ambition P To be constantly assailed by unscrupulous editors, and to be worried by receiving repeated applications for employment from new arrivals ยก or by others who, dissatisfied with their occupation, wish to occupy a seat in a red-tape department, a great portion of the work of which is put out," or, in other words, entrusted to female relatives, who, whilst copying documents, know that they are increas- ing the salary of the." over-worked" gentlemen who have to remain in their offices until the late hour of 4 o'clock every day. The Minister for Lands and Works is certainly, in this colony, in the unfortunate position of being the butt of the Government. Against him the sarcasm of oppositionists is especially levelled, and he is presumed to be responsible for all the misdeeds of the gentlemen with whom he is politically connected. It is a fortunate circumstance for him that he is, to quote words used by him on a certain occasion, not very "thin skinned." Were the epidermis which accuses him less tender his existence would not be at all enviable. Happily, as he says, he is impervious to every attack. If he were not, he could not have survived that made upon him by the Northern Argus of July 15\. He is by that journal accused of having once entertained '* honorable intentions " towards the people of Rockhampton, but of afterwards proving false to his vows, and like a sailor, after leaving a sweetheart in one port making all ready for another attack upon his arrival in the next. What an amount of crime a Minister for Lands and Works has to be responsible for in this colony, according to our Northern contemporary, and what responsibility is laid upon his shoulders ! who is not even presumed to be a reasonable being, as the Northern Argus informs us that " remonstrance is useless, and that they have long ago exhausted their stock of that com- modity. It certainly has been thrown away and wasted, for it has never yet been needed. After all, what is the charge against the Minister for Lands and Works, the " political Chios," as he is termed by our contemporary ? A breach of promise, it is stated, has been committed by him, and that is to be the foundation upon which to base a petition for the separation of the supporters of the Northern Argus from Brisbane. We do not believe that others than the readers of that journal could ever entertain the ultra views expressed by them of late. " Separation" is the password given by the Northern Argus, but not one recognised by the intelligent portion of the people of Rock- hampton. We would recommend the Minister for Lands and Works not to compromise with the Northern Argus, but to allow the " Breach of Promise" action to go to Court. IN our advertising columns will be found a list of the persons nominated for assisted passages per the Golconda, which ship left London on the 3rd of April last for Queensland. We direct attention to the notice, as it it will no doubt be of interest to many persons in this colony. A FEW days ago we directed attention to the necessity which prevailed of the Government at once devoting attention to the requirements of the miners on the Talgai gold fluids. We find that in the Warwick Argus of July 20, the same cry has been raised in the form of a letter addressed to the editor of that journal by a large number of German minors. The writer of the letter complains of the non-recognition of the claims of his countrymen to the rights of miners, and says, " unrecognised by the Government, unappreciated by the rulers of the land, we ask you [the Warwick Argus] as our literary representative, to aid us constitutionally in advancing our claims to the rights of miners. Let us not be compelled to rigidly enforce that motto which before this has made kings tremble -Labor vincil Emma J" Whilst we agree with the principle that all miners should be placed on equal grounds, we certainly think that the German diggers might have refrained from using threatening language although at the same time it will always be perfectly harmless in this and other colonies. 