FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 17. 1865. In the Legislativa Council yesterday, Mr. COLE moved the second reading of the Tariff Bill, and expressed the hops that bon. members on bath sides tho House woild unite in SE caring the passage of the measure. Ho appealed more particularly to Mr. Fellows and Mr. Mitchell, who were instrumental, la 1862, in carrying a similar bill through the House-a measure which had a retrospective effect, inasmuch as it was passed iii June, while tho resolutions on which it was grounded were adopted in the previous January. With regard to the clause setting aside the verdicts given by the Supreme Court on the Customs actions, he begged to remind the House that the Government had not yet resisted the Supreme Court, as was commonly alleged. No judgment had been obtained in any action ; indeed, no judgment could he given or signed until the end of the fourth day of the ensuing term. He believed that the parties who brought the actions would not be losers by the Government policy, because the new duties had no doubt been paid in the advanced price of their goods. Mr. Cole went on to say that legislation hitherto had been con- ducted with the object of making Victoria a sheepwalk, and Melbourne a gigantic ware- house ; and that the present was the first attempt made to benefit the public. In conclusion, he submitted that when the country bad to import annually as much as £1,000,000 worth of flour and 600,000 bushels of malt, a measure like that now before the House was certainly needed. Mr. JENNER seconded the motion. Mr. HAINES proposed, as an amendment, that the bill be rejected. He conceived, from the form of the bill, that the Ministry did not desire that the measure should pass. The preamble claimed for the Assembly legis- lative powers which had never been conceded to it by the Council. Again, the bill united certain matters which the House had always declared should be kept distinct. It should also be remembered that the Assembly had not rescinded the resolutions of the 27th July declaring that it would not send up any fur- ther Bill of Appropriation until the Council passed the tariff. With regard to the tariff itself, it was utterly inconsistent with the principles of free trade, and yet was regarded by the protectionists as a very half-and-half measure. With regard to the Act of 1862, he admitted that that was a retrospective measure, and that duties were collected for some time solely under the resolutions of the Assembly; but the collection was made because the Ministry of the day had a thorough confidence that the bill would re- ceive the assent of the Upper House. He denounced the 14th clause, which sought to set aside the decisions of the Supreme Court in the Customs actions, as a shameful pro- vision ; and declared that no one would be safe if ex post facto laws could be made with impunity. That clause alone was sufficient to warrant the rejection of the measure. Mr. FAWKNER seconded the amendment, and gave instances, derived from his own personal experience, of the pernicious working of the tariff. At the same time, he had no doubt that if the Ministry applied to the country on the question, and if it were found that the country wanted the tariff, the House would be quite willing to grant it. He trusted that the bill would be rejected, as one of the most monstrous things that had ever been framed. Mr. SLADEN opposed the bill on several grounds. His first objection was to the preamble, in which the Assembly assumed to itself the exclusive power of granting duties to the Queen by way of providing the supplies for the service of the year. But no such power was conferred upon the Assembly by the Constitution Act, nor was it claimed by the House of Commons. The only dif- ference between the Council and the Assembly with regard to money bills was that, whereas the Council could not originate a moasare of the kind, the Assembly was empowered to do so. A second objection to the bill was that it mixed up the repeal of the gold duty with the tariff. The same thing occurred in the Appropriation cum Tariff Bill, and furnished one of the reasons why that measure was laid aside. The repeal of the gold duty was a question affecting the lands of the country, and if the House permitted it to be dealt with in the way proposed by the Ministry, on some future day a Land Bill might be sent up tacked to a supply or an Appropriation Bill, in order that it might be passed, whether the House liked it or not. With regard to the tariff itself, he contended that it was called for only on the ground that a readjustment of taxation was necessary, in order that the wealthier classes should bear their fair share of the burdens of the country. The tariff would not accomplish that end. In fact, it would be more burthensome to the working classes, would yield less, and would cost more in collection than the tariff at present in force. If the constituen- cies declared that they would have protection, freetraders must give way ; but he objected to a hybrid, mongrel policy, neither protec- tive nor free trade. With regard to the 14th clause, Mr. Sladen said the provision went the length of confiscating a man's property. The judgments in the Customs actions were assignable, and if an assignee was deprived of his right to recove simply by retrospective legislation, all other kinds of property might suffer in the same way. If the bill were rejected, the amount of duties which would have to be refunded would be £141,000: but if the bill passed, which he believed to be an impossibility, the amount to be refunded on account of the tea and sugar duties would be £175,000. Nothing had been said as to the impropriety of refunding the latter sum, and what was sauce for the goose was sauce for the gander. With regard to the threat that the Assembly would not send up an Appropriation Bill, all that the House had to do was its duty. If the bill was such a measure as the Council should not pass, they ought at once—no matter what might be the consequences—to reject it. Mr. FITZGERALD declared that the Ministry in their attacks on the Council had ex- hausted all the sources of scurrility, and ex- pressed his regret that the Constitution Act did not provide for impeachment. The four- teenth clause was part and parcel of one con- tinuous effort to make the judges subser- vient to the Administration. It would set aside trial by jury and the other privileges sacred to every Briton, in order that a policy of which the House entirely disapproved might be adopted. It would appear that the Government found themselves in the throes of financial embarrassment—the result of their own folly and incapacity—and wished to throw upon the Council the responsibility connected with the proceeding. Mr.COLE opposed the amendment. He in- sisted that the House was not clear as to what its privileges were. MR. HULL contended that the House was an Upper House of Commons, and that it represented the Commons of the country as much as the Assembly. He referred to the Attorney-General as "the evil genius " of the Ministry. Mr. STRACHAN urged that all who coun- tenanced the 14th clause would be traitors to their country ; and that the tariff would ruin our intercolonial trade, and deprive Mel- bourne of its position as the emporium of Australia. Mr. JENNER declined to discuss the prin- ciples of the bill after the majority had met privately and determined to reject the mea- sure. On a division, the amendment was carried, and the bill rejected by nineteen votes to five. The House adjourned, at ten minutes to nine o'clock, until Thursday next. The Ministry are men of expedients. They are fertile in resources ; and under the guidance of the " two able lawyers " by whom the Crown in this colony " is at present advised," it would be rash to conclude that they bave exhausted their ingenuity in devising means by which they may prolong the " struggle for existence." It is safe, how- ever, to assert that when they next meet in conclave their visages will be elon- gated, and their fortitude put to as severe a strain as it can well bear under the new trial to which it has been doomed. The tariff, somewhat modified since it first passed the Assembly, has been discussed by the Upper House on its merits, and deliberately and formally rejected. Mr. HAINES moved, not "that " the bill be read this day six " months"—the usual formula in a case in which a measure is designed to be shelved—but "that this bill be " rejected;" a condemnation of the mea- sure as short, comprehensive, and decisive, as could well have been devised. The grounds upon which the Council were invited to support Mr. HAINES'S amend- ment upon the motion of Captain COLE, " that the bill be now read a second time," were put by Mr. SLADEN, with a suc- cinctness, point, and force, which left little to be, desired. Four grounds of objection to the bill were taken, and convincingly argued by the hon. mem- bers. First, that the preamble involved an unconstitutional assumption. Second, that the grant to the Crown of its own royalty in gold is an incongruity and an absurdity. Third, that the tariff clauses were ill-advised and in- expedient ; and, Fourth, that the re- trospective addition to the 14th clause is objectionable in its whole scope. These were substantially and concisely the objections taken to the Tariff Bill by Mr. SLADEN, and ar- gumentatively sustained. Each of these grounds of objection has been discussed in our columns again and again. We may, however, refer especially to the first and last as those on which we have mainly insisted, and in which the interest of yesterday's debate centered. The most enthusiastic admirers of our democratic institutions could scarcely desire that the powers of the Assembly should be increased. This would be to make them inordinate and inimical to social stability. The assumption of the exclusive power to grant supplies to the Crown which the preamble to the rejected bill contained, ad- vanced this assumption, contrary to the analogies of the British Constitution, and, what is more to the point, contrary to the text of the Constitution Act, which gives this power to the " Legis- " lature," not to the " Assembly," as has been repeatedly claimed by members of the Ministry, and as is assumed by the preamble of the rejected bill. Upon this one ground of objection alone, the Council would have been justified in rejecting a measure which by its un- warrantable assumption went to reduce their order to a nullity. The fourth ground of objection which rested upon the retro-active power given to the bill by the 14th clause, and which seems to have been introduced into it surreptitiously, was as valid, viewed constitutionally, as the first. At the time of the introduction of the clause, we predicted that it was sufficient to seal the fate of the bill. A clause which was intended to deprive citizens of their unquestionable right to appeal to a court of law against illegal exactions, and which attempted to interfere with regular judi- cial processes and decisions, is happily an anomaly in British legislation, and such a one as no man could tolerate who respects the constitution under which he has been trained, and who feels it of im- portance to conserve the guarantees which it affords against private and public wrong. Not a voice was raised against a clause so monstrous as this. Indeed, the illustrious five who consti- tuted the minority, seemed to feel that their position was desperate. They voted, it must charitably be concluded, only in deference to the ghost of pro- tection which the bill was supposed to enshrine. Among those who have reason to rejoice at the fate which has overtaken this measure of the Ministry is, as- suredly, Sir CHARLES DARLING. It is difficult to see how, had the measure passed the Upper House, HIS EXCEL- LENCY could have given his assent to it, embracing, as it does, matters which are incongruous and incompatible. The GOVERNOR'S instructions bind him to withhold the Royal assent from any measure of this kind. If he had been so ill-advised as to have assented, in the QUEEN'S name, to a bill which professed to grant to the QUEEN, as Mr. SLADEN urged, " that which is already hers," he would have exposed himself to a censure and disgrace more humiliating than have often overtaken colonial governors—to say nothing of that outrageous clause to which we have just adverted, at which the feelings of free-traders and protectionists must alike revolt, as contemplating an invasion of our civil rights not to be endured under any cir- cumstances or for any consideration whatever. The present is an instance which will show conclusively to every man who has studied modern history the value of a second Chamber ; and the attitude and demeanour of the Council have been such as to have earned for them public confidence and respect. They have asserted their privileges so calmly and temperately that their opponents can find no fault with them upon this ground, while they have exercised the powers given to them by the Constitution with so much firmness and decision that the present or any future Ministry will hesitate before again uttering a menace, only fitted to make those ridiculous from whom it proceeds. We commend to public at- tention the expression with which Mr. SLADEN concluded his dispassionate and able address. The hon. member well remarked, that " while not indifferent to " consequences, he was in his place to " do his duty." Contrasted with the vapid boasting and unwarrantable assump- tion which have been heard elsewhere, the Council will gain in the estimation of every man who values the institu- tions under which as a people we have risen to greatness. The cry of obstructivencss and im- practicability, which has been so insidi- ously and unjustly raised against the Upper House, will scarcely be heard again, in view of the often repeated declarations of its leading members, that if, after a fair appeal to the country upon the principles of Free Trade and Protection, the issue should be decisively in favour of the latter, even those who most decidedly believe in the soundness of the former would feel it their duty to give way. It must be remembered that the decisive majority of yesterday against the Government measure was far less an expression in favour of Free Trade than a decided protest against the unconstitutional methods by which the Ministry have endeavoured to force the acceptance of the measure that has now been consigned to the limbo from which it can have no resurrection. Although Mr. COOPER, J.P., thought it necessary to apologise for the be- haviour of some members of the meeting which took place at Maldon on Tuesday, it seems to us that on the whole the pro- ceedings were creditable to the impor- tant district of Tarrengower. It is im- possible to provent a few black sheep bent upon noise and mischief from getting into a meeting and creating some disturbance, but the majority at Maldon were evidently in favour of orderly procedure, and Mr. HAEKER, throughout a long speech, filled with what are generally supposed to be un- popular doctrines, was listened to with attention and greeted with applause. Finally, resolutions in favour of Free Trade, and condemnatory of the lawless conduct of the Ministry, were passed by overwhelming majorities. One swallow does not make a summer, and it would not do to infer very much from the results of one meeting ; but what took place at Maldon meeting seems somewhat indicative of the re-ascendancy of argument over the vulgar clamour which has of late been common. The weak places in tho protectionist argument aro not abstruse, and though it is absurd that such a doctiine should find favour in an English colony in the year 1860, we apprehend that the popularity of this fallacy has passed its culminating point. The proportion of the population that can even be made to appear to have an interest in pro- tection is very small, and though com- paratively few persons are capable of thinking out a subject of this kind on its abstract merits, the great majority aro able to form a shrewd guess as to how a given change in the law will affect themselves. The mining population, for example-though a good many have been led away by the vague promises of general prosperity which, according to the protectionists, would result from making people pay more dearly for things than they otherwise need do-are, we apprehend, beginning to see through the nonsense, at least so far as their own interests are concerned. The majority of them might not bo able to refute the sophistries of a glib protectionist, but they are, we hope, beginning to see more clearly than they have done, that they,, at all events, will derive no particular advantage from being made to pay arti- ficially íaised prices for their clothes and boots. That, very evidently, is all that will be their share in the advantages of protection. The agri- cultural classes, unless they flatter themselves with the hope of a protec- tive duty on grain, are quite similarly placed. They will get no more for their produce, and tbey will have to pay moro for the commodities they consume under a protectionist system than under a free trade one. The only people that would benefit by protection are the people who make the protected commodities, aud this, at any rate, must be a small class. Nor will their gain be at all equal to the enhanced price of what they sell, as from that has to be deducted the en- hanced price they will bave to pay for other protected articles which they con- sume. The protection cry was no doubt a good cry at one time, but it may be hoped that wiser notions are beginning to prevail, and that if there is a little more delay in taking the sense of the country, it will have ceased to be a good cry altogether. It will be a source of legitimate enjoyment if the many mem- bers of Parliament' who have deserted their convictions in order to advocate what they have thought would be popular among their constituents, should find themselves deceived, and that they have dilapidated their consciences only to mar their political fortunes. Mr. HARKER'S speech at Maldon was a plain, sensible, straightforward address, that was creditable alike to his under- standing and to his honesty, particularly as he represents one of the strongholds of Protection—Collingwood—and avows his desire to be re-elected by his pre- sent constituents. We cannot see why he should declare so positively, how- ever, that if Collingwood rejects him he will not seek the suffrages of any other constituency, but will re- tire from public life. If not a brilliant politician, he belongs to a very valuable class of public men ; and he has acquired an experience in political life, and gained a reputation for honesty, consistency, and intelligence, which would justify a candidature for any constituency in the colony. "While many circumstances tend towards the deterioration of our Assem- bly, men who have given proof of their fitness for public life are not justified in withdrawing from it for trivial reasons ; and we trust that Mr. HARKER will reconsider his declared in- tention of retiring into private life if Collingwood should not re-elect him. Collingwood is largely inhabited by the class that Protection might in some de- gree benefit, and who have persuaded themselves that it would do them incal- culable good. In the present state of public feeling, it is a bold thing for an out-and-out and avowed free-trader to contest such a constituency as that of Collingwood at all. It might be more satisfactory to Mr. HARKER—it might he more of a personal triumph for him on this very account—to be elected for Collingwood than for another place. But that ought not to weigh with him so heavily as to make him withdraw his services from the public if another place should value them, although Colling- wood did not. The motion for the second reading of the Tariff Bill was debated by the Legislative Council, last evening, in the presence of a large number of members of the Lower House, and other "strangers." The donate occu- pied until close upon nine o'clock, and ter- minated in the rejection of the measure by nineteen votes to five. The only speakers in favour of the bill were Mr. Cole and Mr. Jenner, and the remarks of the latter gentle- man were as brief as possible. In the Nisi Prius Courts yesterday, aomo wore tariff actions were tried. Before the Chief Justice, the cases of Watson and other» MA« Quern, M'arthur and others v. the Queen, and Eckroyd v. the Queen, the verdicts were for the suppliants, as uniformly hitherto, both in cases tried by juries of twelve and juries of four; but in the other court, before Mr. Justice Williams, there was an exceptional result. In the case of M'Naughten v. the Queen, a jury of four gave a verdict for the Queen. There are thirteen tariff actions in the list this sitting, six before juries of twelve, and seven before jury a of four. Of these, all the cases before juries of twelve have been tried, and with one result—in favour of the plaintiffs. Of the cases before juries of four, five have been tried, and the case of M'Naughten v. the Queen is the first in which a jury has been met with who found that the £2,000 claimed by the plaintiffs was a voluntary payment— a gift—to Her Majesty, which the payer never meant, and sufficiently said he never meant, to recover, which Her Majesty may have spent, and which it would therefore be "against equity and good conscience " to make Her Majesty repay. At the Supreme Court Criminal Sittings yesterday, his Honour Mr Justice Molesworth appointed the 29th inst. for the second trial of the Queen v. Syme, a criminal prosecution for libel. James Williams, Henry Hill, and James Wilson, were found "Guilty" of breaking into the warehouse of Messrs. Lange and Thoneman, in Market-street, and stealing goods. The two first-mentioncd prisoners were sentenced to four years' hard labour ; and Wilson, to three years' hard labour. Yesterday was the second and last day of the National show of stock, implements, &c;, at Castlemaine. The yards were again very well attended, notwithstanding the unfavour- able weather, the strong southerly breeze raised clouds of dust, so that at times it was scarcely possible to move about. The exhi- bition of live stock was considered very inferior, except in sheep, all of which were really first-class animals, the long-woolled coming in for the greatest share of com- mendation. Daring the two days the society took nearly £600 at the gates, so that, finan- cially, there is no cause for complaint. A better site than the Market square in Castle- maine for such an exhibition could not be desired. A gentleman who has paid much attention to the phenomena of terrestrial magnetism, and who believes that he has discovered the mathematical formula by which its condi- tions may be expressed, predicts that to-day we may expect the heaviest gale which has occurred during this month, and which may continue all Saturday. His anticipations of the atmospheric disturbances which were observable on Saturday last were fully cor- roborative of the data which he assumes. The treasurer of the Richmond and East Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society desires to acknowledge the receipt of £10 10s., from collections made in Trinity Church, East Melbourne ; also the sum of £5 5s. from the firm of James Henty and Co. Messrs. Davies and Co., of Bourke-street, have forwarded to us a well-executed photo- graph of the Melbourne Cricket Club Eleven. The size of the plate is eleven and a half by nine and a half inches. An illustrated lecture on Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress will ha given in St. Georgo's-hall this evening, the proceeds to be given to the Melbourne Orphan Asylum. At the weekly meeting of the Committee of Management of the Benevolent Asylum, the superintendent reported the state of. the housotobea? follows :-Men, 308; women, 107 ; total, 410. There wore 15 applications for admission ; of these 5 were admitted, and 10 refused, for want of room. The committee beg to acknowledge a donation of clothing from Mr. Edward Newtegln. The Head-Quarters Baud will perform the following election of music on the Mel- bourne Criiket-ground to-morrow (Saturday), on the occasion of the athletic spart:: 1\. Grand March, Kühner; 2. Quadrille, " The Royal Boudoir," Coote ; 3. Overture, " Wil- liam Tell," Rossini ; 4. Waltz, "Amoretten," Gung'l; 5. Reminiscences of Auber ; ß. Galop, "Tho Field-day," Sicde; 7. Operatic Airs, "Freischutz," Web:r; 8. Overture, "Exhibi- tion," Auber; 9. Waltz, "Alexandra Ro- manoff," Laurent; 10. Selection, "Satanella," Balfe; 11. Galop, "Biarritz," Wagner; 12. Quadiille, " Serenade," Balfe. The Rev, Henry Heithershaw, the Primi- tive Methodist minister who has boen in cbaTge for several years of the Heidelberg mission, and has recently bsen appointed to the Smythesdale mission, was ent:itained on Monday and Tuesday at a farawell tea meet- ing, at the Diamond Creak and Heidelberg. At the Diamond Creek his congregation pre- sented him with a handsome watch and gold pencllca6e; and at Heidelberg his friends presented him with a well ulled purse. The local committee of tho Heidelberg Common School also presented him with a farewell address, illuminated on vellum. The rev. gentleman mentioned in the course of the evening that since he was placed in charge, the number of members at Heidelberg had increased from seventeen to foity-flve ; that the Sunday- Echools in the mission had been increasei'from one to three, and the Sunday school children from seventeen to 100 ; and, further, that they had nearly succeeded in extinguishing a heavy debt upon the Heidel- berg Ohop:l. At the Heidelberg District Road Board annual meeting, only two members and the clerk were present, and a search for a third being unsuccessful, after waiting the hour prescribed by the act, the meetias was ad- journed Tor three days. An opinion was ex- pressed that these annual meetings are annual farces-the only business is the election of a chairman, end signing the accounts of the past year-both of which might bo done at the next ordinary meeting of the board. Last year the annual meeting was not attended by a single member, and tbo clerk went through tho ceremony of attending every third day, and continuously adjourning the meeting, until tho next ordinary meeting of the board brought sufficient members to- gether to constitute a meeting. In shires and municipalities, where councillors become mayors and J.P.'s, and give an annual din- ner on the occasion of their exaltation, there may be sufficient inducement for the mem- bers to assemble, but in road districts it ia otherwise, and in many of them the annual meetings are annual failures. At a meeting of the Borough Council of Woodend on Wednesday, Mr. Thomas Patter- son was duly elected mayor for the present municipal year. At the Fitzroy Police Court yesterday, two boys, named John O'Catlaghan and Andrew Ward, were charged with stealing some bags, the property of James Mason. O'Callaghan, who had been guilty of previous acts of dis- honesty, was ordered to be imprisoned for six hours, and afterwards sent to the reformatory training ship for three years. Ward was sen- tenced simply to seven hours' imprisonment, this being his first offence, and his parents promising to endeavour to keep him in the paths of honesty for the future. George Der- rick was sentenced to one month's imprison- ment for stealing a bottle of brandy from the Gasometer Hotel. Mary Perry, an old offender, was sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment for stealing a bottle from Mr. Flintoff's store. John Warren, charged with deserting his wife, was ordered to pay 15s. a week towards her maintenance, and to find two sureties that he would obey the order. Mary Jasper was committed for twenty-four hours as an ha- bitual drunkard. William Henry O'Callaghan, brother to the Callaghan mentioned in a previous case, and an apprentice to a shoe- maker, was ordered to be confined for six hours in the watch-house for absconding from his employment. Several shopkeepers were sum- moned for having light and unstamped weights. Wm. Dodds was fined 4s., and 20s. costs, for having four light and unstamped weights ; George Johnson was fined 6s, and 6s. costs, for having six light weights; and William Bonn was fined 9s. and 5s. costs, for having nine light weights. James M'Alpin was fined 5s., and 5s. costs, for refusing to produce his scales when required by the inspector. At the Hotham Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. Lloyd, Warren, Flanagan, Radcliffe, and Thomas, a womon named Bridget Ashley was fined £5, or a month's imprisonment, for using improper language in a public place. In the case of Dick v. Walsh the defendant was ordered to pay 5s. for breaking several panes of glass. Both parties had summoned each other for assault, but the cases were dismissed. Mr. Templeton presided at the Prahran Court of Petty Sessions yesterday. Mary March complained against Mary Crowley and Mary Ann Sheehan for abusive language, and against Elizabeth Fox for obscene language. The charge against Crowley and daughter failed for want of corroborative ovidence, while the charge against Fox was abundantly proven, and the defendant fined 20s, with £1 8s. 6d. costs, or fourteen days' imprison- ment. The magistrate sharply reprimanded the offenders, and expressed his determina- tion to repress such unseemly exhibitions. Robert A. Kenney, summoned to show cause why be should not be committed for non- payment of debt and costs, £8 10s., did not appear, and was sentenced to one month's imprisonment. Transfer of licence for the Freemasons' Tavern, Argo-etreet, from James Taggart to John Hyland, was granted. The Maryborough Advcrimr mentions that "an accident, resulting in the loss of a valuablo draught mare, occurred at Caris- brook on Tuesday morning. A fivo- horse team, belonging to the well-known carriers, \- MeEBrs. Reynolds and English, was coming down the steep eastern approach to the biidge, when the break became powerless, and the horses rushed down the hill. When near the bridge ono of tho shaft horses foi), and the fore wheel passed over Its neck, causing'instant death. The three leaders broke away, but were stopped by the pre- sence of mind of the toll-collector in closing the gate. The waggon, which waB heavily laden with merchandise, had a narrow escapo from being precipitated into the creek." Tho Wood's Point leader notices a great im- provement in the time occupied in the trans- mission of the mails by the Yarra track* which now frequently arrive early in the evening :-" On two occasions we have re- ceived our papers of the provious day before nine at night, and bavo no doubt that, ere long, this will be the case regularly," The Bendigo Independent reports that the skeleton of a man was found in the Kama- rooka scrub, about soventeen miles from Bay wood, on the 13th instant, by a man namod John Bishop. Information was given to the police, who had tho skeleton convoyed to the Raj wood Hotel, where it awaited an iuqueßt. The Gipps Land Times notices that " Henry Cross and Frederick Friend, convicted at the March sessions of cattle-stealing, and sen- tenced to five and three years' hard labour respectively, have had a free pardon extended to them, and were released from custody on Monday week last. This, we believe, is in a measure due to their attorney having made certain representations to the Attorney General on the subject to bring about this result." The Ballarat Star relates that "on the even- ing of Monday, November l8, an altercation took place at tho house of Mrs. Sparkes, Ascot, between a man of the name of Ken nedy.-woll known in the locality asaborse doctor, and an old man called John Parsons, in reference to rome money owing by the former to the latter. In the course of the dispute, Kennedy struck Parsons on the head with a handsaw, causing a fracture of the skull. Parsons was brought into the Creswick Distiict Hospital on Tues- day, when a piece of the skull, found to be pressing on the brain, was removed. The man being considered in great danger, the mayor proceeded to the hospital on Tues- day evening, and took his depositions, but as the patient did not consider himself in a dying state, they will not b3 of much use should he die before becoming conscious of hispOBition, and making any other declara- tion. On Wednesday he was considered in a very precarious condition. Kennedy had not been captured down to Wednesday evening." Tbe Bendigo Evening News records a case of sticking-up and dastardly outrage com- mitted on' the Upper Sheepwash road, about six or seven miles from Sandhurst, on Wed- nesday night. " About eight o'clock, as Mrs. Oliver, whose husband has a small farm and garden on the Sheepwash, was driving home in her spring-cart, Bhe was stopped on the read beyond the chapel, about a mile from her own house. Mrs. Oliver was alone, and the party stopping her was a daik-looking middle-sized man, who at once demanded ' her money or her life.' Mrs. Oliver, though greatly frightened, said quietly Bhe had no money, and upon the man laying hands upon her, she called out fcr the people at a house near to come to her assistance. Her assailant repeated his de- mand for money. Meantime, the horse gave a leap forward, and at the samo time the pistol which the man held in his hand went off, the horse, which it has been since ascer- tained, having received its contents in the Bide. The animal, a highly spirited one, galloped off at full speed, and reached home, with Mrs. Oliver still-ia the spring cart and in possession of the reins, but almost as much dead as alive, though uninjured." A wooden|cottage, situated in Dorcas-street Emerald-kill, and occupied by a person named White, was destroyed by fire between nine and tin o'clock last evening. The Emerald-hill fire brigade were promptly in attendance, and prevented the flames extend- ing to the aJjolniog buildings. The Mel- bourne brigade also attended, but their ser- vices were not required. The inmates of the cottoge were away at the time. Both build- ing and furniture were insured. Tho cause of the fire is unknown. 