ENGLISH NEWS. (From the Home News, Dec. 26.) We are keeping our Christmas. To the youngest among us the words mean home from school, presents, pocket-money, pantomimes, and a great deal more than is necessary in the way of plum-pudding and negus. To the " young people they mean the carpet dance, charades in action, and negotiations with a matrimonial future. To a third class, in which I fear I must consent to enrol myself, they mean dressing to go out when you would much sooner toast your slippers at home, cold cabs will windy windows, stupid drivers unacquainted with the labyrinths of the new suburbs, slight indigestion, and a never-ending pull at what used to be called purse-strings, but which may now be more accurately rendered as the elastic of your portemonnaie. To the aged I suspect that the words have a particularly pleasant significance, for the old people are very properly placed in the good seats, away from draughts, and by a general consent every- body at Christmas submits with a good grace to hear stories without point, and good advice of the vaguest character. But somehow we all manage to convince ourselves that we are keeping a festival, and we forgive our friends and other enemies, tolerate our intolerable relations, and give away much money on compulsion and a little in charity. " Everything hath an end," says the Mayor in Woodstock, " and that which we call a pudding hath two-your worship will forgive me for being facetious." I may add, as not among the least consisting of the season, that what we call pudding-time hath an end on Twelfth-day. The mental appetite at this season, as usual, has not been overlooked. A flood of Christmas books in glittering array has been poured in upon us. Except for presents to children, why should people buy books at Christmas more than at any other time ? It is one of the superstitions connected with the festival, which, indeed, we observe generally in a most curious fashion. " I think we feel for one another at Christmas," said a sentimental lover of old fashions in my hearing. I also heard the answer, " Well, yes, at blind man's buff." But let us not be ungrateful. We are much plundered of our money at Christmas for fees to persons who (except the postman) have done nothing to deserve it. But this is a mere affair of shillings and half crowns. In Paris the tax is frightful. The presents on New Year's day are given, not to servants, but to the ladies at whose houses you visit, and you spend hundreds of francs in bon-bon boxes and other trash. Everything not connected with the Festival aforesaid is perfectly quiet and stupid. Nothing is going on, except, as I may have said before, the Thames Embankment. I may note as a social fact that last week a new piece of railway was opened-that across the Thames at Blackfriars, and now there is only a little bit, comprising the ground on which the old Fleet prison stood (the street walls still stand which prevents a straight run by rail, through London, from Folkestone to Holyhead. This interruption will be done away before many more of my letters reach Australia. The Americans, with their straight runs of 2000 miles before the war would smile at our thinking much of this, if Americans could smile, but the achievement is a great convenience The most amiable man alive I may or may not allude to myself-is tempted to use Anglo-Saxon when invited to change carriages, especially on a wet night, and amid the incessant assurances of the ladies whocommand him, that they are sure he is going to do wrong, and that it is a nuisance to travel with a man who no more understands Bradshaw than a baby. I have really not a single " sensation" topic for this mail. I hardly know what we find to talk about at our dinners, but I have not ob- serves, any particular accession of silence, either before the M030II0 or after it. It was thought and hoped that the case of the Bishop of Natal, before the Judicial Committee of Privy Council, would have afforded much interesting discussion, for everybody likes to talk theology, especially those who never go to church. But the case, unluckily, as at present before their. Worships, is confined to the rights and powers of Dr. Gray, the Cape Pope, and the committee has taken time to consider the judgment. If, however, it is decided that Dr. Gray had power to stipend Dr. Colenso, we shall probably have the case argued on the merits, and then we shall be duly edified. Meantime, very learned theologians, including Dr, Pusey, Mr. Keble the pool of the " Christian Year"), Mr. Maurice, and other stars of orthodoxy and heterodoxy, are discussing, in large print in the Times, the necessity for a Court of Final Appeal in religious matters. Mr. Disraeli, in a speech at Oxford, which has excited a good deal of remark, has advocated such a court, and the opinion of that eminent theologian must be received with all due deference, in that speech, by the way, he said something which has given him a new name that is likely to cling to him. Spanking of the controversy as to the origin of man, and whether he is descended from ape or angel, Mr. Disraeli said, I for 0110, take part with the angels." Since which time he has been referred to as the Angel Benjamin, and Mr. Tenniel has made a wonderful picture of him, with great wings and a star spangled robe, which you will see in one of the numbers of Pinch that go out by this mail. I have no other theological news, except that Mr. Spurgeon has declined to be called " reverend" for the future, and that he is stated to resemble M. Donato, the one-legged dancer, whose appearance this Christmas is one of the theatrical events of the time. I have seen Mr. Spurgeon, but not the reverend M. Donato, but if the likeness really exists, I make no doubt that measures will be taken to give you the means of deciding on its extent. Lord Derby has published his translation of Homer, in two handsome volumes, with that width between lines that reminds one of the days when books were printed for gentlemen of fortune. I have not had leisure to read the entire work, but I have read enough to say that the translation is at once close and spirited, and that the Earl has the rare faculty of being able to write real blank verse. Everybody who has his hands complete and who can count ten thereon, can make something which looks like blank verse, but which is only prose chopped into lengths, but the secret of rhythm is given to few, and Lord Derby is one. as most people of education will read the book, there will be a good deal of surprise among those who do not know Greek, at the way in which Pope has miBroprosontod Homer, and turned simple statements into glittering epigrams. Sometimes the great English poet has exactly reversed the meaning of the great Greek, in order to sustain (ho "elevation" which was deemed essential in the days when we had ceased to honor the grand simplicity and nature of " the large utterance of the older gods." I have no space for many instances, but I will give one which occurs to me. In the sixth book, Glaucus and Diomed, at the suggestion of the latter an artful though gallant Greek change armour, Glaucus giving his golden suit for Diomed's brass one. Pope gets over the bad bargain very gracefully, " Bravo Glaucus then each narrow thought resigned, Jove warmed his bosom, and enlarged his mind." He had probably taken the hint from strong old Chapman, "And then did Jupiter estate The mind of Glaucus." Cowper-but then everybody reads Cowper's poems, and nobody his Honor, says "Then Jove so blinded Glaucus, that for brass," Ac. But Lord Derby states the case in a very practical and straightforward line, " Then Glaucus of his judgment Jovo deprived." Though, by the way, I think that Homer must have " wronged the blameless god for at that time Java and all the gods were enjoying themselves aloft, Jovo having just given Mars the most tremendous wagging that was ever bestowed upon a bully who came to complain that he had been kicked. I will add, and dismiss Lord Derby, that those who have no taste or time for the original will acquire a clear idea of the real character of the Iliad from the masterly translation by the Conservative leader, who has shown true Conservatism in the way he has dealt with the Homeric ideas. Having mentioned Conservatism, I may say that although no actual political movement of importance can fairly be said to have been made efforts are making, in various directions, to arouse an agitation on the question of Parliamentary Reform. There are certain members of the Cabinet who are understood to deem it politic not to discourage this attempt, but as yet no sign has been given that it meets the approval of the Executive At a rather inoyiportuno moment for its promoters, a society in Liverpool which calls itself the Financial Reform Association, has called public attention to its programme, which is the utter abolition of all customs and excise. Now the revenue must be raised somehow, and people who have property are beginning to perceive that if all indirect taxation is to cease, direct taxation of a very strong character must supply its place, and this must full on those who have means, leaving the masses untouched. Now this process would have special claims to the favor of those for whose benefit it is proposed to lower the franchise, and therefore moderate and thoughtful men, of both parties, say across the table, that it may be worth while to consider whether it is absolutely necessary to try the one experiment, which would so probably lead to the other. I have, of course, in this letter no party feeling, and would merely endeavor to convey the tone of general society. My private and individual belief is that it will be very difficult indeed to carry any new reform bill at present. I do not believe, either, that Lord Palmerston will show any feverish anxiety to expedite such legislation. He made by the way, a good speech in the country the other day, and pronounced a fervent eulogium on the Press, as at once the basis and safeguard of freedom. This speech the French journals have, curiously, been allowed to transcribe, and it is almost touching to see the intense gratification with which they have done so, some of them giving as much additional point as they dared to the praises of an institution which is not at present among the blessings of Imperial France under King Charles II., as Napoleon might have styled himself had he been less wise than he is. It may not be profoundly interesting to my readers to be told that Lord Wodehouse, who has succeeded the late Lord Carlisle as Viceroy of Ireland, has been duly received and honored by his new subjects. But I hope that it will sound very shockingly that the new Lord Mayor of Dublin became so excited at the vice-regal banquet, that after a touching reference to the soul of his departed grandmother and a pleasing sketch of the delight which that estimable old lady, if still in the skin, would have felt at seeing her grandson a lord himself and the ghost of a lord, the admirable magistrate next declared- himself to be descended on the other side from one who would never wear the Saxon chain. And then, by way of illustration, not of disloyalty, his lord- ship dashed away his own civic chain, not all together without peril to the nose of the astonished Viceroy.,' But the Irish are a great people, and are quite right in saying that we do not understand them. There has been a curious slander case in Dublin, to which I shall scarcely allude, because it comprises matter of a kind which I hope always to keep out of this column, but I may mention that a young lady gave evidence that a certain medical man, of high standing, had offered her the most atrocious of outrages, and that afterwards she applied to him to cut her corns. And she expected to be believed. However, even an Irish jury declined to indulge their imaginations so far as that. The obituary for the month comprises one name of renown, that of David Roberts, the painter, and Royal Academician, who expired suddenly in the street. I had been in conversation with him on the Wednesday before the Friday on which this melancholy event happened, and he had i expressed, in the kindliest way, his sympathy with the intimate of friends of another great artist, of whose loss you heard by the last mail. He was, in his own line, a very remarkable painter, and in private one of the most warm-hearted and also good-natured of men. He leaves a very large fortune, acquired by hard work and judicious investment. A vacancy in the Academy naturally leads me to mention that the chairs previously vacant have been filled by Mr. Horsley end Mr. Ford; the former well known for his " Haddon Hall sort, of pictures, will cavalier figures," and the latter by his domestic pictures, chiefly of humble life. One of on Australian emigrant family, Scotch (like the artist), gathering at evening to hear the Bible read, was very much noticed. The chair vacated by David Roberts has yet to be filled. A marvellously good caricature, which has been photographed for a few of the elect, lies before me, and is connected with Academic talk. The election before that to which I have alluded, lighted upon Messrs. Calderon and Leighton. A very clever artist has amused himself and his friends by a capital sketch of the two new men elevated to their honors. They are drawn gigantic in form, and seated on a huge throne high in air, while up the stops humbly crawl their idolaters to kiss the shoes of their respective idols. 'J'ho long, lean figure of Mr. Calderon, who is loftily contemptuous, contrasts wonderfully with the pensive grace of the courtly and poetic Mr. Leighton, who loans an elbow on Dante, rests his olegnnthond on his fore-finger, and looks gently on a mob of duchesses and the like who scramble to pay honor to him and to the three feathers by his side which indicate court favor. His companion is smoking a cigar, in further defiance of mankind. In the front another well- known and admirable artist is fainting away with envy (which he never felt and another is reviving him with the aid of a bottle I forgot to say that splendid news Surround the head of each Academician, so that the double apotheosis is most complete and glorious. The drawing has been in few hands, but everybody talks of it, and happy is he who can take a copy in his pocket when he goes to a good man's feast. But nobody will laugh half so heartily as Messrs. Calderon and Leighton. It is now finally arranged that the memorial to William Makepeace Thackeray shall be placed in the Abbey, behind the statue of Addison, whom he honored so much, and the execution of the work has been entrusted to Baron Marchetti, who was intimate with the great author, and will, therefore, have much advantage as regards the chance of obtaining a good Uko ness. The mother of Thackeray (I need not say that such a man was the most devoted of sons has passed away, within the year which deprived us of himself. Another attempt has been made, in the way of public appeal, in the columns of the leading journal, to induce her Majesty to forego the seclusion in which the Queen has remained since the loss of the Prince Consort. It has been represented to the Sovereign, and certainly with no excess of courtly phrase, that a "recluse" cannot with advantage occupy the throne of England, and that it befits her Majesty to remember that she has myriads of subjects who desire her presence among them.- It has been also hinted, mee judicial, unnecessarily, for no case is strengthened by exaggeration, that the interests of the monarchy require that the head of the State should take an active part in public affairs. There is some truth in part of the argument, and there is no doubt but that it would be pleasant to the aristocracy, and profitable to trade, did the Queen resumes her levees and drawing-rooms. The opera managers and the theatrical world would also benefit much by the Sovereign's presence in places of public amusement But it appears to me that those are the only considerations of any weight. The throne of England is too solidly fixed in the will and heart of the people to render it of consequence to the Brunswick dynasty whether (he reigning Sovereign does more than attend to the graver duties of the Crown, and those the Queen has never neglected, even amid her earlier grief. I think that it would be more considerate and chivalrous to leave the question of reappearance, for the lighter functions of royalty (admirably discharged by the Heir Ap- parent and his beautiful wife, to the good pleasure of the best Sovereign we over had, and I believe that this is the general feeling among the educated classes. 