MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS*" As Interesting Incident. OnR««j afternoon. July 31. the sacrament of bat^^"-T administered upon the stuiupof onekri?? *»* of the Mammoth Grove. m «*teeea Among the visitors at this Uount* \- occasion. TbewJ££^*hp hisestimable wife,presented theirinhnt«5"P s name of the child, which. in the name of the 'Wm i.y the form generally used in th*iiw*?i^!l,<l Church, received the nauie"*ot ijtnS^P1111 Graham. The exercises a ere solemr. .„j _®PenT cumstauccs peculiar. That passage of tiv i£S Scriptures in which our jyord and sSLr*6**" the command to His disciples to "(to teLPSi nations, baptizing tlieiu in the iiam»«.»»£_nH*" nations, baptizing tlieiu in the nameof th^eSL1" and r f theSon. and of the Holy Ghost." — ".bystoo inels, ii heaven". And the fact that this very tre^!?»v* smootli and solid stump of which we *k- ™ as a part of the exercises. Hard by stood^mSf^j these wonderful trees as sentinels, in ^re silence, save the gentle sighing of the bi :iid solitl stump of which we then was not only about the antipodes of JudS i!S was also a livrng growing thing whenonrlS ed t.ie words which were then r«,i^ uttered 2 words which were then reSTS seemed to make the administration of thHnrai here.lhS; nance peculiarly solemn. There was hoe a fain* link which bound, better than 18 centuries of time, the very ends of the earth together. Whilst them have been numerous instances of divine semceou this very stump, which will comfortably accnmmo. date 10U persons, this is the first instance of the administration of either of the sacrament*^ American Paper. -win.— Foolish Methods op Education Cutting and caustic were the words of Spurzkeim the phrenologist, in relation to the educational imprisonment of children. They are not less applicable to those of a larger growth:—-* Vou have a little boy; he may be four years old- von think there is no time to be lost, and you send fiim to school. There he is confined for hours, »ni compelled to sit upon a bench and look upon a book. He Hears the voices of children pUring without; he half rises to look from the window! A rap upon the teacher's desk recalls him to his seat upon the bench; a glance shows him the kite sailing in the air, to the delight, no doubt, ot its happy li tie proprietor. The poor child is almost involuntarily again upon his feet; another ran and he again drops into his seat upon the bench. Day after day, week after week, month after month, the little fellow returns to his prima and sits upon the bench. At length he becomes pale and languid, loses his appetite, grows restless at night basacougb, and loses his flesh and spirits. Ought he not to lie takeu from the bench 2 The con sequences of this would be terrible —be would lose his rank in that school. So he continues to sit upou the bench. After a few weeks more he is brought home. He fainted as ne sat upon the bench! Matters begin to wear a serious aspect. The doctor is called—pronounces liim very ilL A great pitv he had been compelled to sit so lone :hil£ upon the bench, ft is all over with the poor ch Ere long he dies. A sad calamity; but. thank God, there is one precious consolation -before At died hcitad learned Ids A, B, C." Law Reporting.—An English paper says" The Committee appointed at the meeting of the Bar held in December last on the subject« law repotting have made, their report. It is a document of considerable length, but the main ; >„ features of its recommendations, apart from de- ! [j tail*, nwy be cinwmgot up n*Tallow*liiy t " of reporting the Committee propose is to be under the management of a Council composed of repre sentatives of the different Inns of Court, to include the Attorney and Solicitor General and the Queen's Advocate for the time being, there being a paid Secretary. The reports are to be prepared by reporters under the supervision of editors, the cases to_ he reported being selected upon the prin ciple of rejectiug all such as are useless as pre cedouttf. The reports are* to be published in parts—monthly, with regard to some of the series, ;»r.(l as often as convenient as regards others. The salaries of the two editors are fixed at EWH! a year each, and those of the reporters range from £300 to £"250 each. The editors and reporters are to be barristers, and are to be appointed and removable by tlie Council; and in tlieir selection the existing official reporters arc to liave priority of claim. The profession are to be invited to sub scribe to the report at the following scale ot prices: —-For the entire set, five guineas per annum; the common law series, three guineas; for the equity scries, three guineas; or the appel late series, two guineas. It is considered essential for the earning out of the scheme that the aggre gate amount of subscriptions, inclusive sf any ad vance from the Consolidated Fund, shall reach £.iu,l>09 at least, and if they fall short of that amount the list mar lie cancelled, and fresh sub scriptions be inviteil at increased rates. The price to non-subscribers is to l>e one- third mere than to subscribers. A Federal "Rev." Ruffian.—In a , recent speech at New York '"Parson'' Brownlotr, a representative "warChristian," gave utterance to the following horrible sentiments:—"If I had the power, Sir, I would arm, and uniform in the Federal habiliments, every wolf, and panther, and catamount, and tiger, and bear on the mountains of America; every crocodile in the swamps of Florida and South Carolina; every negro in the Sout hern Confederacy; and every devil 'in hell and pandemonium. This war, I say to you, must be prosecuted with a will and a vengeance, until the rebellion is put down, if it exterminates from the face of God Almighty's green eattheven- man, woman, and child south of Mison and Dixon's line. (Cheers.) The only way to reach the tender sensibilities of a Southern woman is to get after one of her negroes. Kill ber husband—she thanks God he died in a good cause—but steal one of her negroes, she, wiil howl o nij vhinA oa if fKo «IotU hitaocU "Vt after her. You have not t'elt the effects of the war in the loyal State that you are going to now. I know that little man, Grant: be is the right man in the right place. I ant willing to see Richmond captured by him: and, if I had my choice, I should choose that Richmond and Charleston should be taken alone hy negro troops, commended by 'Butler the Beast.' iShermau has the finest army in the world—not less than 150,Ouu men all told. He is gradually advancing into the heart of the Southern states. He will take that .country. Grant will take Richmond. And we will crowd the rebels, and will crowd them until, I trust in God, we shall rush them into the Gulf of Mexico, and drown the entire race as the devil did the hogs in the Sea of Galilee. When we come out of the*war we shall come out with 500.000 or 600,000 of the best soldiers who have got tlieir hand in, and would as soon have their hand in a little longer as not. Then I am in favour of giving Old England a turn. (Cheers.) We can whip the Southern Confederacy, we can take in France and England—the whole civilized world— and I want to carry it on until we whip out all God s creation." A Fight with Revolvers.—A San Francisco paper of June last contains an account of a fight with revolvers which took place in one of the streets of the city. It seems one BUI Davis a noted gambler, who resides at Yrcka, was in terested in and drove a hone rate which came off at Placenville on the 15il). and "throwed"tbe race, malting 4,500 dollars by it. Hank Stevens Ball. Dutch Abe, and Spanish Bob, fear "sports."' backed Davis's horse, and got broke; swore ven geance, killing on sight, &c.; On the 18th they all came to the city (except Davis) and publicly said they were going to dlioot Davis on sight, &c.; On the 21st Davis came in town, and at 2 o'clock p.m. was sitting lisving his hoots polished in a black's adjoining the Fashion, when Ball and Dutch Abe catne to tlie door, and .looking in exclaimed. "Here's the dirty tliief now," and drawing their revolvers, commenced shooting. Davis jumped out of the chair, with one boot polished, and, drawing his revolver, fired, and Ball fell dead across an iron grating. Davis then jumped out of the side walk, laughingly saving; " You've made a mistake," and fired at Dntch Abe, the liall taking effect in his right breast. He fell, when Davis ran and caught the revolver from Ball's hands, saying, a* he walked towards the door of tbe Fashion. "Where's the rest of your murderers?" Blood was running down Davis's left hand from the arm, and also down the right cheek. As he was on the po'nt of opening the ' by Stevens and Spanish Bob, door, he was met ,-j ,n, ■>■»« „|,u mmjv. when Davis raised tbe revolver iu his right band and fired twice. Stevens fell, and Spanish Boh jumped over him on the sidewalk and fired. Davis staggered, but, recovering, they (Davis and S|WDish Bob) commenced in good earnest, each striving to fire a deadly shot Davis was laughing all the time. They then commenced firing at each other alicut 20 feet apart. After Davis had fired two shot* he threw the revolver at Boh, and changing the revolver he took from Ball into his right hand, he raised it. and it snapped three times; the fourth time it went off and Bob fell. [Davis had fallen before tliis. and was lying on his breast on the banquette.] Davis threw the revolver into the street, and then palled a daiiiger, and both (only having one shot each) began crawling towards each other on tlieir stomachs. When about five feet opart they both raised partly op and fired simultaneously, when Bob's head fell. and rile remained perfectly still. Davis then said, crawling towards Bob. "He's cone: I cooked hint," and then partly turned on Ins side and tried to rise. On examination. Ball and Spanish Bob were dead. Dutch Abe and Stevens mortally wonndeil. the first having been shot through tbe right lung, causing intemsl tuemorrhage, Ac.; tbe latter was idiot through the-left breast. Spanish Boh hail four wound v on him—two in the right breast, one in the right arm. end one between die eyes. Ba'l bad a ball in his heart. Davis had ail wounds -two in the right leg, one in the^tigit breast, one in tbe left shoulder, one in t wrist ithroughX and one on the right cheek, where a builet had struck the cheek-bone and glanced oti, rutting out a piece of flesh of the size of a ID- cent piece. Stevens died on the 24th; Dmdt Abe died ve-Unlay moraine. Doctora say Davis wa« cer tainly recover. Charlotte, of 'snuff-taking memory, should revisit tne^iicipses of the moon, she would see and bear much to make her venerable hair stand on end." She would stare in mute horror at a porkpie hat, and shudder at the slang which now-a-days slips so naturally from the lips of sweet seventeen. But what would astonish her most—what would appear to her to amount to little less than a social revolu tion—would he the total disappearance of that element of distance and reserve which marked the relations between young persons of tbe opposite sex in her days. The theory of a young ladr's position is so altered that her grandmother would not recognise it for the same which she herself occupied in all the glory of a highly frizzled head and a preternatir'&lly; shortened waist. She was regarded and treated much as a tender lamb in th» near vicinity of wolves. The approaches to the fold were strictly guarded. A duenna, clothed with despotic powers, warned oft' male ma rauders. This lamb-and-wolf theory is quite exploded. Young ladies are no longer lamb like in anything, except it be in the sportive agility with which they frisk over the barriers of etiquette. Nor is the male sex credited now-a-days with the wolfish propensities with which a prudish generation invested it. A better understanding exists between the young people of the two sexes. They mix with each other-much more, and know each other much more intimately. The wall of partition which used to divide them has been thrown down. The per vading tone of their common everyday relations is no longer one otstifihess and formality, but of boyish frankness and easy fauiilinnty.' For good . or for evil, young-ladydom lias abandoned its old attitude towards tbe other sex of armed obser vation. For good or for evil, it ras been driven by the pressure of its,matrimonial exigencies to emancipate itself from the. thraldom of old fashioned notions of propriety. It has quitted the old defences, and goes forth now-a-days to encounter man. as diplomatists say, "on its own -SotwriJiay E&nt; w. 