THE NOVELIST. OUR MUTUAL FRIEND. BY CHARLES DICKENS. IN FOUR BOOKS. Book tjtk Fiiibt. Tub Cur axd the Lip. Chapteh XII. tlie sweat op an honest han^s bbow. Mr. Mortimer Lightwood and Mr. Eugene Wravburn took c. coffee-bouse dinner together in Mr. Lightwood'e office. The? had newly agreed tosctupa joint establishment together. Thev had taken a bachelor cottage near Hamp ton," on the brink of the Thames, with a lawn, and a boat-house, and all things fittiug, aud were to float with the stream through the summer and the Long V aeation. It was not summer yet, but spring; and it was not gentle spring ethereally mild, as in Thomson's Season's, but nipping Bpring with an easterly wind, as in Johnson's, Jackson e, Dickson's," Smith's, and Jones's Seasons. The eratiri" wind sawed rather thnn blew; and aa it sawed, the sawdust whirled about the saw pit. Evoiy street was a saw pit, and there were no top-sawvors ; erery passenger was an under-sawycr, wiih the sawdust blinding him and choking him. . That mysterious paper currency which cir culates iu Loudon when tha wind blows, gyrated here and there and everywhere. Whence can it come, whither can it go. It linnga on ererT bnsh, flutters in CTCfy tree, is caught flying by the electric wires, haunts cTery enclosure, drinks at erery pump, cowers at every grating, shudders ujwn every plot of grass, seeks rest in rain behind the legions of iron rails. In Taris, where nothing is wasted, costly and luxurious city though it be, but where wonderful human ants creep out of holes and pick up erery scrap, there is no such thing. There, it blows nothing hut dust. There, sharp eyes and slurp stomachs reap even the east wind, and get something out of it. ,. , , Hie wind sawed, and the sawdust whirled. The shrubs wrung their many hands, bemoan ing tliat they had been oTtr-persuaded by the sun to hud*; the young leases pined ; the sparrows repented of their early marriages, like men and women ; the colours of the rain bow were discernible, not in floral spring, but in tlie faces of the people whom it nibbled and pinched. And ever the wind rawed, aud the sawdust whirled. When the spring ereninge are too long and light to shut out, and such weather is rife, the city which M>. Podsnap so explanatorily called London, Londres, London, is at its worst. Buch a black shrill city, combining the quali ties of a smoky house and a ecoldiiig wife; audi a grittv city; such a hopeless city, with no rent in the leaden canopy of its sky ; such a beleaguered city, invested by the great Marsh Forces of Essex and Kent. So the old schoolfellows felt it to be, as, their ier done, they turned towards the fire to ke. Young Blight waa gone, the eoffce jc waiter waa gone, the plates and dishes f gone, the wine was going—but not in the e direction. The wind sounds up here," quoth Eugene, ■ing the fire, "as if we were keeping a hght te. I wish we were ?" {Don't you 'hint it would bore us?" Light ®i<jt more than any other place. And there |d be no Circuit to go. But that's a selfish alteration, personal to me." Ikndno rljentsto come," addedIAghtwooA thai that's a selfish consideration at all tonal to me." 'if we were on an isolated rock in a stormy f —tft Eugene, smoking with his eyes on " Lady Tropins oouldnt put off to I us, or, better still, might put off and get piped. People oouldn t ask one to wed kbirokfnrts There would be no Preee jtg to hammer at, except the plain-sailing Cedent of keeping the light up.( It would [-listing to look out for wrecki." j But otherwise," suggested Iightwood, )ere might be a degree of sameness in the life." „ «• i haTe thought of that also, said Eugene, as if he really had been considering the subject in its various bearings with an eye to the busi ness - " but it would be a defined and limited monotony- It would not extend beyond two people. Now, it's a question with me, Mor timer whether a monotony defined with that pretisfeu and limited to that extent, might not be more endurable than the unlimited mono tony of one's fellow-creatures." As lightwood laughed and paeaed the wine, he remarked," We shall bare an opportunity, in our boating summer, of trying the ques tion." " An imperfect one," Eugene acquiesced, with n eign, "but so we abnll. I hope we may not prove too much for one another." "Now, regarding your respected father," Lightwood, bringing him to a subject they had expreetly appointed to diem as: al ways the most slippery eel of eels of subjects to lay hold of "Tea, regarding my respected father," as sented Eugene, settling bimmlf in his arm chair. *' I would rather have approached my respected fattier by candlelight, as a thane requiring a little artificial brilliancy; but we srill trite him by tlfiligbt, enlivened with a glow of WeHeeni" ' lie stirred the fire again as he spoke, and having made it Uaxe, resumed. " My respected (ether has found, down in the parental mrigbbouflduxiA, a wife for Ida not-genera fly-respected eon." " With eome money, of oourse P" ""With eome money, of course, or he would not bqve found her. My respected father— let me shorten the dutiful tautology by sub stituting in future M. R. F., which sounds military, and rather like the Duke of Welling ton." "What an absurd fellowyou are, Eugene!" "Not at all, I assure you. M. B. F. having always iu the dearest manner provided (as he calls it) for his children Ire pre-arranging from the hour of the. birth of each, and sometime* from en earlier period, what the de voted tittle victimY calling and oounein Hfe shouMbe.M. RF. pre-MT»iire>d for myself that I was to be (he banister 1 am (w^th the, aliriit. addition -of an -enormous practice, srfaich hsa not accrued), and alto the mArried man Iain not." -' " Theflrstyou btveoften told m." "The first J hare often.,told you., Can*, dderiqg myself sufficiently inoapgniouson my Isgsl wmjnensa, I'bays rintfl now suppressed my domestic destiny. ■ You know M.K. F, bat not so wdl 'm I do. If yba knew hunts I do, he would amnse ydu." " Filially epoken,Eugttie J" " Perfectly so, "believe me i and with every Sentiment of affectionate deference toward) M.B.F. But if he amusee ml,* Mt help it When my eldest brother tea* born, of oourse -the mat of ui knew (I mean tlie rest of tu wouMfaaretaowhffwbbaflkcenin.eia* tenoe)'thathe wasbfirtoihe Family Embar . -remanents—wo call it Nfore'nMuway the Ly Edate. But when my second brother ' * " • "uaa-bjiH * " i do ''be bom by-scd-by,4 htf t butM.3LF^notst aflputout tie, instanti/dseUredhim a Ginam patfrfittked into the Navy,' 'I amumnoed, MmmMda wiih the " My dear Mortimer, you have studied my ** T "1 down there, diameter. Could I possibly go do; .. lnbellcd 1 Klkcidlk. Ok tiew, and meet the lady, similr.rly labelled ? Anything to carrv out* M. R. l-.'s arrangements, I am sure, with the greatest pleasure — except matrimony. Could I possibly support it ? I, so soon bored, so constantly, so fatally ?" "Rut' you are not a consistent fellow, Eugene.*' " In susceptibility (o boredom,' returned that worthy, " I assure you 1 am the most con sistent of mankind." " Wliv, it was but now tliat you were dwelling ou the advantages of a monotony of two" . . . "Ilia lighthouse. Do me the justice to remember the condition, lu a lighthouse." Mortimer laughed again, and Eugene, baring lauglicd too lor Hie uret lime, ns 11 110 found himself on reflection rothercntertaining. relapsed into his usual gloom, and drowsily paid, m be enjoyed bis cigar, " No, there is 110 help for it; one of the prophetic deliveries of M. H. 1'. mu9t for e?er remain unfulfilled. Witli CTC17 disposition to oblige him, he must submit to a failure " It had grown darker as they talked, and the wind was pairing and the sawdust was whirling outside paler windows. The under lying churchyard was already settling into deep dim shade, and the shade was creeping up to the housetops among which thev sat. •* As iC said Eugene, "as if the churchyard ghosts were rising." Be had walked to the window with li» cigar in his mouth, to emit its flavour by comparing the fireside with the outside, when he stcppwl midway 011 hi* return to his aroi eliair, and said : " Apparently one of the ghosts his lost its way and dropped in to be directed. Look at this phantom V Lightwood, whose back was towards th? door, turned lii* head, and there, in the dark ness of the entry, stood a something in the likeness of a man: to whom he addressed the not irrelevant inquiry, " Who the devil are you ?" 44 I 45k your pardons, Governors," replied the ghost, in a hoarse double- barralled whis per, "but might either on you be Lawyer Lightwood?" 44 What do you mean by not knocking at the door ?" demanded Mortimer. " I ask your pardons, Governors," replied the ghost, as before, " but probable you was not aware your door stood open." " Wlist do you want ?" Hereunto the ghost again hoarsely replied, in its double-barrelled manner, " I ask your pardons, Governors, but might one on you be Lawyer Lightwood?" " One of us is," said the owner of that name. 44 All right, Governor* Both," returned the ghost, carefully closing the room door; "'tickler business." Mortimer lighted the candles. Tliey showed the visitor to be au ill-lookisig visitor with a squinting leer, who, as he spoke, fumbled at an old sodden fur cap, formless and mangey, that looked like a furry animal, dog or cat, puppy or kitten, drowned or decaying. 41 Now," said Mortimer, " what is it ?" " Governors Both," returned the man, in what he meant to be a wheedling tone, " which on you might be Lawyer Lightwood ?" 441 am." 44 Lawyer Lightwood," ducking at him with a servile air, "I una man as gets my living, and as seeks to get my living, by the sweat of my brow. Not to risk being done out of the sweat of my brow, by any chances, I should with afore going further to be swore in." 44 I am not a swearer in of people, man." The visitor, dearly anything but reliant on this assurance, doggedly muttered 41 Alfred David." 44 Is that your name ?" asked Lightwood. " Mr name?" returned the "No; I want to take a Alfred Dai-id." (Which Eugene, smoking and contemplat ing him, interpreted as meaning Affidavit.) 441 tell you, my good fellow," said Light wood, with his indolent laugh, 41 that I have nothing to do with swearing." 41 He can swear <A you," Eugene explained , "and no can *L But we can't do more for you." Much discomfited bj tbie infonnstioiii the Tisitor turned the drowned dog or cat, Trappy 1 or kitten, about and about, and looked from one of tJbe Ooremom Both to the other of the I Goraroon Both, while he deeply considered within himself At length he decided: " Then I must be took down." " Where f" asked Light wood. " Here," said the man. " In pen and ink." " First, let us know what your business is about. " It's about," said the man, taking a step forward, dropping his hoarse voice, and shad ing it with ins hand, " it's about from fire to ten thousand pound reward. That's what it's about. It's shout Murder. That's what it's about." ^ t " Come nearer the table. Git down. Wilt you hare a glass of wine ?" " Tea, 1 will," said the man; " and I don't deceire yon, Governors." It was giren him. Making a stiff arm to the elbow, he poured the wine into his month, tilted it into hi» right cheek, as saying," What do you think of it ? tilted it into his left cheek, as saying, " What do jim think of it t" joked it into bis stomach, aa saying, ** What do you think of it T" To conclude, smacked his lips, as if all thine replied, " We think well of it," " Will you hare another t" " Tea, I will," he repeated, " and I don't dccesTe you Governors. And also repeated the other proceedings "Kow," began U£htwood, "what's your name?" "Why, them you're rather fast, Lawyer ligbtwoodhe n^liad, in a remonstrant ■ manner. " Don't you see, Lawyer Light- ' woodP There you're a bit fast. I'm going to earn from fire to ten thousand pound by the sweat of my brow; and as a poor man doing justice to the sweat of my brow, is it likely I can afford to part with so much as my name without its being took down t" Deferring to the man's sense of the bind powers of pen and ink and paper, lighten. nodded aoceptanoe of EugCTie s nodded pro posal to take those spells m hand. Eugene, bringing them to the table, sat down as clerk or notary. " Sow," said Lightwood, " what's your pamef" But further precaution was still due to the sweat of this honest fellow's brow. " I should wish, Lawyer ligbtwood," he j stipulated," to hare that T'other Goremor as my witness that what I said I mid, Oonse-! qurnt, wflltheT"otherGtwemor be to good aschuiA me his name and where he lives r* ' Eugtme, in.mpnlh and neninhap^ tossed Luni tus card. , After apeuiag It out ■ slowly, the man made it'into a little roll, and < tied it up in an end of Ids neckerchief sHD1 more stoiny, " Sow," aaid ligbtwood, for the third time, " if you hare quite completed your various ' preparations, toy friand,.and have fully etoer-.., taioed that your spirits are ooolandnot in any < way hurried, whaPs your name f" ' «I " Callingor oqetmstionf* t Otot mute so glib with (his < , — tlfe psenoostwo, Mr. Biderhood geveto ttm definition," Wgterside character.": " Anything egainst yduf" Eugene qutstly put in, as he srrete. v ■ ' - ■ " Bather baulked,.Mr. Bidrtippd remaikncl, sntb. unlnnooeai air, tbatlw bettered the Tother Goremor had asked him , ft<ypssm»r's pockri," said Mr, Biderltood.. "Whereby ;I was in reality tiw uan'e hmt ftjmtd,tffnfafdd to htjm ore ofhhn.*' ■ "With -fhe ewgat "of your browf niked dLpmuud down like rain," said SUger j lMiujtjja.-■»- --- ;-a Eugene Leaded " fcmek In" his chslr,' ' anil MMttd srith his em hegHgentiy tumed on j the informer,an& his pen readrtoredueehim] to dime sotting. Q^htwood mi smoked, With his eyes negU|eBtty turned on toe to skmamv.' " flow let sue be took down again," isij Ridcrhood, when he had turned the drowned rap over and under, and had brushed it tho wrong wny (if it had a right way) with hit sleeve. "I give information that the man that done the Harmon Murder is Gaffer Ueiem, Ihc man tliat found tho body. Tlie lwint of Jesse Retain, commonly called Gaffer on the river and along shore, it the hand that done thai deed. His hand and no other/' Tho two friends glanced at one another with more serious faces than they had shown * Tell us on what grounds you make this accusation," said Mortimer Light wood. j <l Ou the grounds" answered Btderi&ood;, wiping his fuco with his sleeve, " that I wai Gaffers j>ardner, and suspected of him many a long day and many a dark night. On the grounds that T know'd his ways. On the grounds that I broke the pardnenhip because 1 sec the danger; which I warn you his daughter may tell you anothor stoiy about that, for anythiiik 1 can sat, but you know what it'll be Worth, for she'd tell you lies, the world round and the heavens broad, to mto her father. Ou the grounds that it's well understood along the causc'ays and the stairs that he done it. On the grounds that he's foil off from, because he done it. On the ground? that 1 will swear he done it. On the ground* that you may take me where yoj will, and get me 6worn to it. I don't want to back out of the consequences. I liave made up my mind. Take me anywheres." " All tliis is nothing," said Liglitwood. *' Nothing ? " repeated Riderhood, indig nant It ond auiazcdly. " Merely nothing. It goes to no more than that you suspect this man of the criuie. You inav do so with some reason, or you may do so with no reason, but he cannot be convicted on ; ▼our suspicion." "Haven't 1 said—I appeal to the T'other Governor as iny witness—haven't I said from the first minute that I opened my mouth in this here world-without-end-everlasting chair" ! (he evidently used that form of words as next in force to an affidavit), " that 1 was willing to swear tliat he done it ? Haven't I said, Take me and get me sworn to it ? Don't I say so novr? You won't deny it, Lawyer Light wood ?*' " Surely not; but you onlv offer to swot to your suspicion, and 1 tell you it U not enough to swear to tout suspicion." *• Not enough, ain't it. Lawyer Light wood? he cautiously demanded. " Positively not." " And did" I say teas enough ? Now. I appeal to the Totlicr Governor. Now, fair! Did I say »o ?" " lie certainly has not said that he had no more to tell," Eugene observed in a low voice without looking at hhu, " whatever ha seemed ,0.®: cried the informer. triumphantly pcrceiring tliat the remark was generally in his fa Tor, though apparently not closely un derstanding it. " Fort'uate lor me I had a witness!" •' Go ou, then," said Lightwood, " Say out what you haye to say. No after- thought. " Let me be took down then!" cried the informer, eagerly and anxiously. *■ Let me be took down, for by George nnd the Rraggin I'm a coming to it now! Don't do nothing to keep back from a honest man the fruita of the sweat of his brow! I pi re information, then, that he (old ine that he done it. Is Hoi enough?" "lake earc what you say, my friend," returned Mortimer. "Lawyer Lightwood, take care, you, what I eay ; for I jud°c you'll be answerable for Cohering it up!1 Then, alowly and cm pathically boating it all ont with his open right hand on the palm of his left; "I, Roger Riderhood, Ltmr'os Hole, Waterside character, tell you. Lawyer lightwood, that the man Jesse Hexham, commonly called upon the river and along-shore Gaffer, told sue that he done the deed. What's more, he told me with his own lips that he done the deed, j Wbat'a more, be said that he dime the deed. I And Fil swear it 1" ] *' When did b* tdl Txra 00 ?" j "Outside," replied &derhood;, always brat- ' ine it out. with his head askew, and his eyes watchfully dividing their attention between bu two auditors, "outsidr the door of the Six doll; Fellowships, towards a quarter alter twelve o'clock at midnight—bat I will not in m; conscience undertake to swear to so fine a matter as fire minutes—on the night when he picked up the bod;. The Six Joll; Fellow ships stands on the "spot still. The Six doll; Fellowships won't ran am;. If it turns out that be wasn't at the Six doll; Fellowships that night at midnight, Fm a liar." " What did he aa; f" " Til tell ;au (take me down, T'other Governor, I ad no better). He come out first; I come out last. I might be a minute arter him; I might be half a minute, I might be a quarter of a minute; I cannot swear to that, and therefore I won't. That's knowing the obligations of a Alfred David, sistitr " Go on." " I found him a waiting to speak to me. He sa;s to me, 'Bogue Kidrrhood'—for that's the name I'm mortl; called b;—not for an; meaning in it, for meaning it has none, but because of its being similar to Boger." " Never mind thai." " "Souse aw. Lawyer laghtwood, it's part of the truth, and as such I do mind it, and I must mind it and I will mind it. "Bogus Biderhood," he mjt, 4 words passed betwixt us ont he river to-night-' Which the; had; ask his daughter! ' I threatened yon,' he says, ' to chop yon over the fingers with ray boat's stretcher, or take a aim at yourbrains with my boathook. I did so on aooonnU of your bidding on to the gunwale of my boat.' I t»ji to him, * Qt&r;, I know it' He says to me, ' Bogus Biderbood, you pre a mas in a dozen'—I think be aaid in a acore, but ofthat I am not positive, so take the lowest figure, for precious be the obligations of a .Alfred David. ' And,* he sari, ' when your fellow. men is an be it their lives or bs it their watches, sharp is ever the word with you. Had you snspieicmsr I -says, ' Gaffir, I had; and what's more, I have.' He falls a shaking, imd he says, ' Of what f' I sayt, ' Of foul piaV-' He foils a shaking worse, and he says, ' There mot foul play then. I done it for his money. Don't betray me!" Those were the words as ever be used." There was a silence, broken only b; the fall of the arhos fat the pate. An opportunity which the informer improved by am earing hm—lf all over the head and wa and Cue with his drowned cap, and not at all improving his own appearance. "What more F'askedLightwood. "Of him, d'ye mean, Lawyer Ligbtwood?" "Of anything tp the purpose." r f Now, I'm most if X understand yon, Governors Both," aaid the inform#. In in' creeping maimer: propitistiim Iwtlvtbpugh only one had spoxrti. "BSaf Ain't fast ««#(" "Pidytmaskhim bowhedid it, where be did it, when be did itf" rT\\.~ FVirhe it from me; lawyer lagfatvood! X was m.tm^^him; mind, that! wouldn't hwe koowedmore, no, not for jfhe enmmj nxpetst to earn from you by the sweat of my brow, twioe toldt XT had put an eud to the pardnerdrip. I liad ifut the iamwfien. - *1 eouldn't undo what was done itmd When he begt and prays, 'Old panlner. oamy |taam, don't srplit upon mel' I only makoi aoswyr "Never speak another word to Boger Bider hood, nor look him in the fooe 1' and X dinns ithntrnta." ■ " ■ r Affi* ef, win* , ft,*), with the half-omptiad glasi foldsihand, boitaivdattheimidhmr " "" JfMpatr glanded al,v; sat glowering at Ms; "Aon hate heenXrOOble& iayimrmina a longtimo,manf" iC:- . / .=•" • " Wfisn all that stir wm made, what the Government reward. was offered, when lb poUoe were «u the dot, when the whole dotmby mm with crime V mid Mortimer, hn jwtienfy. W«l,i" Mr. Riderhood ronr slowly And j hooraelv chimed in, with several rctrospoctire j nods of Jul licwd. " Wani't I troubled in my mind then l" "When conjee) urc ran wild, when the most extravagant suspicions wore afloat, whoa hilf ] a doten innocent people might litre been laid ' Inr the heels any hour in the day!" aaid Mor timer, almost warning, 1 " Hah!" Mr. Kidrrhood chimed. in, aa be fore. " Worn't I troubled in my mind through it >11!" "lint he hadn't," said Eugene, drawing n lady'a Jicail upon Ins writing-paper, and touch- I utg it at inlrrmla. " the opportunity thon of earning eo much money, you sec." "The T'other Governor hila the nail, J-awyer Lightwood! It waa that as turned me. 1 had many limes and again struggled to relieve myself of the trouble on my nund, but I couldn't gel it olT. I had onoe reiy uigb get it olT to Mis? Abbey Potleraon ' which keeps the Six .lolly Fellowships—there ia the 'ousc, it won't run away,—there lire* the lady, ahe ain't likely to be struck dsad afore you get there—n»k liorl—but I couldn't do it. At hut, out eoinrs the new bill with your own lawful luiuo, Lawyer Light wood, printed to it, end then I asks the question of I my own intellects, Am I to lure this trouble on my mind for cut ? Am I netrcr to throw it oil r Am 1 nlwiiv, to think more of Gaffer than of my own self? If he's got a daughter, ain't I got a daughter ?" " Asm echo answered ?" Eugene sug gested. "'You liarr,'" said Mr. Riderhood, in a firm tone. "Incidentally mmili.ming.at tlie same time, her age f" inquired Eugene. "Lea, go rem. >r. Two-and-twenty last October. And then 1 put it to myself, * Re garding the money. It is a pot of money.' For it u a pot." paid Mr. Riderhood, with candour, " and why deD.r it "Hear!" from Eugene as lie touched his drawing. " * It ia a pot of money ; but is it a sin for a labouring man that moistens crciy crust of 1 bread he corns, with his tears—or if not with them, with the rolds lie eatehes in his head— is it a sin for th.it man to earn it 1 Say there ia anything again earning it.' Thia I put to.myself strong, as in duly bound; ' how can it be said without Morning Lawyer Lightwood for offering it to be earned ? And waa it for ast to blame l-awycr Light wood ? No." ' No," eaid Kugrnc. 1 Certainly not, Governor," Mr. Riderhood acquiesced. "So 1 insde up my mind to est my trouble off my mind, and to earn by the sweat of my brow what w&3 held out to me. And what's snore," lie added, suddenly turning bloodthirsty, "1 mean to liaye it! And now I tell you, once and away, Lawyer lightwood, that Jcaee HexBm, commonly called Gaffer, his hand and no other, done tiro aired, on his own confession to me. And X fldve him up to you, and I want liim tool. TUs night!" After another silence, broken only by the fall of the aahee in tlic grate, which attracted the informer's attention as if it were the chinking of money, M ortimor Light wood leaned OTCr his friend, and paid in a whisper: " 1 suppose I must go with tlus fellow to our imperturbable friend at the police station." I suppose," said Eugene, "there is no lictp for it." " Do you believe him ?" " I believe him to he a thorough saseaL Rat he may tell the troth, for his own pur pose, and for this occasion only." " It doesn't look Uke it." " ifr doesn't," raid Eugene. " But neither his late partner, whom lie dmooncae, a preposseeaBg perron. The firm are cut-throat Shepherds bath, in appearance. I should like to ask him one thing." The aulgcet of this conference rot leering at the ashes, trying with all his might to over bear what waa aaid, but feigning abstraction aa the " Governs* Both " glanced at him. " You mentioned (twice I think) daughter of thia.. SkxaroV rod Harm • - * ■ — to imply (' " " aloud. " You don't aAn to imply that die 1 had any gnilty knowledge of the crime Xhchonest man, efl&ooniidoring;—perhaps consideriiig how his answer might affect the fruits of the sweat of his brow—replied, unre servedly, " No, I don't." " And you implicate no other person f" " It ain't what I implicate, it's what Gaffer | implicated," waa the dogged and determined answer. " I don't pretend to know more than that his words to sue was,' I done it.' Those ] ins his words." " I must see this out, Mortimer," whispered Kugrnr, rising. " How shall we go ?" " Let us walk," whispered Lightwood, " and give this follow time to think of it." Having exchanged the question and answer, j they prepared thesnaelrea for going out, and Mr. Riderhood rose. While extinguishing the ! candles, Ijghtwood, quite as a matter of course took np the glass from i which that honest ; gentleman had drunk, and coolly tossed it ■ under the grate, where it fell alurering into | fragments. 1 " Now, if you will take thelend," said Light' wood, "Mr. \Y ray bum and I will follow. Yon | know where to go, 1 suppose?" " I suppose I do, Lawyer Lightwood." " Take the lead, then." Uhe waterside character pulled his drowned i cap otct his can with both bands, and making j himself more round-shouldered than nature ! bad made him, by the sullen and persistent slouch with which be went,, went down the I atain, round by (be ffletnjde Church, acress the Temple into WltiUdriars, and so on by the waterside street*. - ' " Look at his haif<4ug air," said light wood, following. r Wi-.'-S i " It strikes me rstlfor as a hang-roaa air," retumod Eugene. "Be has undeniable in- i tentiona that way." - -«#"-**" -■ 1 They aaid little dsep Ru? followed.; He scent on before them' ws an ugly Fate might hare done, and they li^Vn in view, and | -would hare been glatl laaaglI Its lose sight of j him. But on he wont kdsts tlinm, alsrays at i the seme distance, and fhe iAnie sate. Adas! ■ against the hard 'rphll'jj**"" "" and the j rough wind, lie srasqoll^re CO be driyen bed; then harried forward, jjsrfhlM ass like an ad-: vanning Destiny. T)»ereWame, when they ; were about midmy on tiiy'journey. a heavy i rush of bail, wh&fotaSnr; minutes pelted the streets dear,and wMMaadthero. It mads no diffoenee to him. ,: AhiiVSfe befau to be taken end the p«foc:|iCBji||llai hslirtonuiio aire* the punoassafiMfotaar and deeper " ithoro. BemuMjbk^AthrdLl^ fog marks in the fad ii1jik| |Ml that wesis Were ahandaroy.ii "" " ftnoed, following, humanity had de$itl The blast went hy,! with the ' ksderi M nod that the winds jdaoeiefaMUr/s lingering in heap , :'fiw its but that! foiwriad forf rintheair. burioerot .J&L;'i I timiwHl _ |JMr .T«k»j Gaffer's window for bM tint we tun/ know wlielher lic'i at home. With flat. hecrept away. "He'll come back, I suppose?" murmured Lightwood. " Ay! and go through with it, murmured (amc bad altera very short interval indeed* " Gaffer's . out, and his boat's out. His daughter's at home, sitting a-looking at the fire. But there's some supper getting ready,' eo Gaffer's expected. I can Aid what more lie's upon, ess.T enough, presently." _ - j Then he beckoned and led the way again, and they tame to the polioc-atatlon, still at clean aud cool and steady at before, taring that the finiue of its lamp—being but a lamp flame, and only attached to the Force as an outsider—flickered In the wind. Also, within doors, Mr. Inspector was at hit studies as of yore. He recognised the fiiends the iiistsnt they reappeared, hut their reappear ance lind no' effect on hit composure. Not ercn tlie circumstance that Biaerhood was their conductor niored him, otherwise than tlial as he took a dip_ of ink lie seemed, by a settlement of his chin in his stock, to pro pound to that personage, without looking at him, the question, " What have you been up to, last P" Mortimer Light wood asked him, would he be to good as look at these notes P Handing liim Eugene's. Having read the first few linos, Mr. In spector mounted to that (for him) extraordi nary pitch iff emotion that he said, "Poet either of you two gentlemen happen to hare a pine!) of tauff about youP" Finding that neither )md, he did quite as well without it, and went on. *' Hare you heard those read P" he then de manded of the honest man. " No," said Biderhood. "Then you had better hear them." And eo read them aloud, in an official manner. "Are these notes correct, uow, as to the information you bring here and the evidence you mean to give ?" lie asked, when be had finished reading. " They are. They arc correct," returned Mr. Biderhood, "as I am. I can't say more than that for 'cm." " I'll take this man myself, sir," said Mr. Inspector to Lightwood. Then to Biderhood, " Is he at home P Where is he t What's he doing? You hare made it your business to know all about him, no doubt." Biderhood said what ho did know, and promised to find out in a few minutes what he didn't know. "Stop," said Mr. Inspector: "not till I tell you. We mustn't look like business. Would you two gentlemen object to making a pretence of takiim a glass of something in my company at the FeUowshipsP Woll-conducted house, aud highly respectable landlady." They replica that they would be happy to substitute a reality for a pretence, which, in the main, appeared |p be as one with Mr. Inspector's meaning. " Very good," aud he, taking his Hat from its peg, and putting a pair of handcufls in his pocket as if th^ were his gloves. " Beserve!" Beeerre saluted. " Yon know where to find me?" Beserve again saluted. "Biderhood, when you have found out concerning hit com ing home, oome round to the window of Cosy, tap twice at it, and wait for me. Now, gentle men." As the three went out together, and Bider hood slouched off from under the trembling lamp his separate way, Lightwood asked the officer what he thought of uiis P Mr. Inspector replied, with due generality and reticence, that it was always more likely that a man had done a bad thing than that he hadn't. That he himself h&d; several times " reckoned up" Gaffer, but hid never been able to bring him to a satisfactory criminal total That if this ston was true, it was only in part true. That the two men, ray shy characters, would have been jointly and pretty equally "in it;" but that this man bad "spotted" the other, to tare himself and get the money. "Ami I thick," added Mr.Inspector, in conclusion, " that if all goes well with him, he's in a tolerable aniy iff getting it. But as this is the Fellowships, gentlemen, when the lights are, I recommend dropping the sub ject. You can't do better than be interested j m aome lime works anywhere down about Northfleet, and doubtful whether aome of j your lime don't get into bad company as it comes up in bargee." " You hear Kugene ?" said Lightwood, over | his shoulder. " You are dearly interested in ! lime." | " Without lime," returned that unmoved j harrister-st -law, " my existence would be tut illuminated by a ray iff hope." 