COOMA. NEW CHURCH OF ENGLAND.—LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE.—In the afternoon of Tuesday, August the 29th, the ceremony of laying the foun- dation-stone of the proposed new Church of Eng- land in the township of Cooma, took place. The day was most disagreeable; but, notwithstanding, a large number of persons came in from the country —many from a distance of over thirty miles, and when the procession started from the Court-house, there must have been over four hundred persons present. At two o'clock the procession was formed, the members of the newly-formed lodge of Free- masons, in full regalia, forming at pleasing feature in the ranks. On reaching the ground, and after suit- able devotional exercises, conducted by the Rev. T. Druitt, minister of the church, and the Rev. A. D. Soares, of Queanbeyan, Robert Dawson, Esq., police magistrate, deposited in a cavity of the foundation- stone, at bottle hermetically sealed, and containing a copy of the last issue of the Monaro Mercury, a form of the order observed in laying the stone, and a parchment scroll, whereon was recorded:—"The foundation-stone of this Church of St. Paul was laid by Mrs. R. H. Bloomfield, on Tuesday, the 29th day of August. Governor of the colony—the Right Honorable Sir John Young, K.C.B., K.G.C., &c.;, &c.; Bishop of the diocese, the Right Reverend Mesac Thomas, D. D. .Pastor of the district, the Reverend Thomas Druitt. Trustees—Messrs R. H. Bloomfield, of Coolringdon; Robert Dawson, P.M., of Cooma; James Lichfield, Springwell; and John James Ryall, of Nuamartonglar. Architect—the Reverend A. D. Soares, incumbent of Queanbeyan. Builders—Messrs. Mawson, Potter, and Scarlett." A beautiful mallet and trowel, bearing the following inscription, was then presented to the lady who was elected to lay the foundation: "Presented to Mrs. R. H. Bloomfield, on laying the foundation-stone of the Church of St. Paul, Cooma, August 29th, 1865." The stone was then duly placed, and fixed by Mrs. Bloomfield, who pronounced the following words:— "I lay this as the foundation and corner stone of a church to be built in this place; to be named the Church of St Paul the Apostle, and to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic faith, which we believe and confess, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." The Rev. Mr. Druitt added—"The glorious Majesty of the Lord our God be upon us; prosper thou the work of our hands upon us; O prosper thou our handywork; for the sake of thy Son Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen." Mrs. Bloomfield having com- pleted the portion of good work assigned to her, the Master of the Cooma Lodge of Freemasons called upon the appropriate officer of the lodge to examine the work; which having been done, he declared in true masonic terms that the stone was rightly fixed. Further devotions having been gone through, the assemblage was addressed by R. H. Bloomfield, Esq., the Rev. A. D. Soares. and the Rev. T. Druitt. A collection was made, and the sum of £50 5s 6d. subscribed. The benediction being pronounced by the Rev. Mr. Druitt, the assemblage departed from the ground.—Abridged from the Monaro Mercury. 