\- LOCAL AKD COLONIAL IiraELLiaENCE. , AoKîfOWiiBDOsrBST.-Wo ' hnvô to aofenowloc receipt of a complimentary copy of tho journal of J. Macdonald, Eeo., on an expedition from Port Donn to.tho Gulf of Carpentaria, mid back. This intoroeti work U dedicated by tiio enterprising author,' to I " Excellency, tho Governor of Queensland, ond couta »n elaborate plan of tho track mado.by tho explorer fr< tho Carpentaria Downs Station to tho, Albert Riv Tho results of thia private expedition lia'vo benn signa suooesífol ; largo mobs of cattle having ulrondy pass atong Mr Macdonald's track to tho Gulf. Tho colon «rounder a deep obligation to tho author; tho usofulm .of whoso labors, although "already provod, awaits its f development, whioh will 'doubtless, ijo aoooinpauiod substantial recognition of Mr Macdonald's emiuc eerricis. As- Awïixi MISTIXB.-An oldorly lady dow .outu," who, as she says herself, meroly takos " a cutta, glance at the newspapers," happened the other mornii to notico un adrertiiouiont headod " Hob ton* s Sioëej. containing a référencé* to TaltertaWs. Mrs Crump, for that is the lady's name, without making herself c qua in tod with the particulars of the aunounoemont, ance rang the bell for Betsy, ber " tidy young woman «rheo the following conversation took place,-Mrs Betsy, you know Mr Tïowei', tho tailor in Pitt-stre< where Maliter Albert Edward Augustus had his weddii clothes mada ? Betsy, Te« mara. Mrs C. Well, opp site to Mr Ho wo»' is Mr Tattersalls, just-Betsy (hastilj Ob, yes, mam, I know Mr Tattersalls, because then always a lot of nice young mon on the stool outsido tl door, Mr« 0. (tartly.) Drat thn"hico young men, Betel nerer look after them, for they're tho ruin of. half tl Young women' in tho country ; but never mind that just go and give my compliments to Mr Tattersall, ai: say I shall bo much obliged if he will send Hobsou 8 veep, osrly to-morrow morning, to clean tho {rpi parlour ohimoey, and, mind, don't stop looking at nh young men. Betsy, having ihsde'a hes'ty toilet, departe on her mission, and in duo time readied th S paradise i " nice young men," and delivered her message. Prosontl shs rushed'.out in a most alarming Hurry, and withoi vouchsafing a glance at tba " nice young men on tl itool" hurried U*me, and thus addroesod her mistres "Oil, dear me, main, you've made such an awful mistak I gave your compliments and mossago to a stout gentil maa, who burst out laughing and said that when you Bet for ilobton'r Sweep, you must havo been taking a dro too much out of tho Melbourne Cup." Mra Crumpet' indignation may be easily imagined, as she never take mora than the "least taste in-life" of any kind of " re freahraent," and must, thereforo, have been perfect! innocent of the " drop too muoh" imputed "to her! A the incensed lady has placed tho matter in tho hands o Messrs Milty and Musty, her solicitors, tho lovors c forensic fun will in all likelihood, be shortly amused wit! the particulars of the " great case" of Crumpot v All joke, in whioh it ia rumoured, the damages will bo lah at a trifle under £2000. This case shows how' carofu people ought to be, not only in reading newspapers, bu ölso^ in marking, loaming, and inwardly digesting thor yrecious contents. * ' GkVTiox TO Grjr DniSKuna.-Some of tho ovidonci given at tho inquest on tho late Are in York-street wil not go far to uphold the dignity pf our " Comruorcia morality"-an article which does not appear to bo om bit too plentiful ¡ri tho " market." Ono of tho witnosBcs whose veracity can hardly bo questioned, states, " Ther< is a practice of using leading brands on inferior goods~ fcut I have twoir done BO." Tho prevalanco of tim prethr "practico," howevor pleasant and profitablo il may be for tho "merchant," confers no special, advan- tages on tho consumer, as it naturally follows that ho is compelled to pay the highest price for " inferior goods gaily ornanientéd with " leading brands." Tho witness alluded to, being "pushed" by one of the jury, who proved a regular "stiokor," xnado the following ori £*»-al admission-.-"I have used Booth's labels-labels resembling Booth's \ tho artiolo wo male on Hie premises is quite as good as Booth's." We much admire tho cw» dour of this witness, who has kindly given usa "wrinklo'' that may hereafter be extremely usoful ; but, with nil our respect for the "article" he "makes on tho pro mites," wo confesa that, as a matter of taste, we would much prefer a " nip" of genuine Booth's gin to any imi- tation ofthat celebrated cordial, oven should it be "quito a» good", as the " véritable and original" London " cream of the valley." Wo wore not previously awaro that it is a " practice" with merchants to mako " gin" on their " premisos,'' as we were always undor an impres- sion that, to produce such an " article" legally, it was indispensably necessary to hold a license from tho Gov- ernment, or run tho risk of cortain heavy penalties for non-complianco with law " in such case made and pro- vided." We» aro quito awaro that "tricks in trade" aro common enough j but we were ignorant ofrtho oxtont to which thoy aro carried. What Booth and Co will say or do, when they find " labols resombling" those of tho firm used for tho puTposo of foisting on tho publié hore a home-made "ghost" of thoir patent spirit, wo know not-although, wo shall not bo at all surprised to find that highly rospcctablo and wealthy firm taking enorgotio steps to protect their intorests against an imposition so manifestly injurious to their reputation and tho consti- tutions of ladies and gentlemen having a tenderness for " a dron of eood oin 1" IMPORTAIT TO BAOIIBT<OIIS.-An announcement Whioh recontly appeared in tho daily papers, states thal " Odie arof going tip in price," a calamity, we havo lone fearod, would overtake tho Colony, sooner or later. To those young gentlemen who aro anxiouB to avoid thc hoavy penalties contemplated by tho Bill that will engage legislative attention, oarly in tho next session, thc matter ia ono of tho highest importance, and ns thc Crinoline Market has a decidedly " tipward tondoney, th« sooner they profor their " suits" and snit thomsolves, the hotter for their pockets. As we havo always con eiderod "matoh making" ono of tho most useful and agreeable branches of" Colonial Industry, wo havo always strongly advocated its claim* and givoiiitoveryeneotinigo . m«nt »nd " protection." In this good work, wc havo been ably seconded by our loading daily contemporary, whoso elTorte " to brins; people together" (by advertise Html) ara boyond all primo ¡ and, now, that " gala" aro Í¡oing up in prico and wo aro assured that " stocks iii land ara light,'. ' wo hopa our much estoomod friend will favour us with incroased assistance and stronously aid ns to avert the fearful consequences that would follow, woro " gall" to bo had only at'" famino pricos. . A Bonan: ROMEO."-A now ojiid striking version of Romeo and Juliet waa produced at tho Contrai Police Lyceum, on Wodnesday, tho boro and heroino being ably represented by Mr> Thomas William Joues und Miss Elizabeth Christie. Tho story ia very simplo and affoot ing i Romeo and Juliot "kept company for twenty months," nnd on ascertain doy tho lover thus tendorly addressed IIÍB "lovó" : Sweet Juliot, wilt thou wandor forth with mo, And broatho Love's purest air in tho Domain t Juliet, with a bashful blush, roplied Yes, Romeo, let us Book thoso vordnnt'ahados "Whore Loro holds festival in tho Domain. This was tho first act. Tho second (Iuds'tho lovers in a secluded part of tho Domain dedicated to tho worship, of Cytherea. Hero Romeo, having ".stripped off his coat like a man," becomes "yellow," and looking " daggqrs" at the petrified Juliet, fiercely exclaims : . ; Now, mark mo, Juliet', I hayo aeon you with ," . My hoted rival ¡ so take that-and;that, . : each "that" boing followed hy aflstio visitation-ono on Joliet's roiy'trittuth^ tho other on her mffinnt right oyij. Baring thus.Jovingly solutod his mistross, Romeo rushes off orclaiming. i . . > Good night, doar love, I struck theo without sorrow ; Oh, I oould punch your head until'.to-morrow. ?. The third oct discovers tho unhappy .pair in a' Oourt'of Justice-Romoo looking ns if "ho couldn't holli it,"and Juliet aa if sho could. Tho trial proceeds- Juliot details the " socrotB"'of tho Domain, and calls as witnosses o swollen mouth and black oyo. Tho Magistrates tremble with horro»-Justice puts on hor '* blaok cap"-^and tho wretchod Romeo is sontoiicqd, nQ^oxnotly to death, but to wash ont his guilt by " forking out"- a lino of "twonty bob" and an alarming amount of' court andprofossioiial costs. Tho piooo was a doeided J]it-tho noting of Mr Jones and Misa Christie-forcibly reminding "old stagors" of tho histrionio triumphs of- Gv-V. B. and- Fanny tho Stir-vat, . .';. '.r;. Pinr.iA3tEKrAftTr DEAD LOOK AT- Msraotfa'ira.-Tho Upper and Lówot HOUBOS aro in direot. opposition,: and tho former ha« rejected by o , large innjority of four to ene tho Appropriation Act . and tho Tariff Act, which tho Government nnd .tho Lower ITOUBO insisted on tack- ing together. Tho following hotiooi has boon issuod frqm tho Treasury:-"The amount- logolly available on ac-, count of moneys votod by tho Ajiioinbly for piibliu! sor vices hoing Insufficient for .-tho 'payment pf salarias,. &o;, tho payment will bo delayed until tho noeossary au- thority for oxpondituro ho obtninod." SoMMirtiro Lira AN INSOIA-ENOY.-A fow days' ago wa noticed in tho Viotorinn list of insolvents tho namo of a gentleman, a largo squatter ¿nd well-known in con- nection with racing matters, llootor Norman Simson, of Benalla. Tho liabilities aro put down nt £17,630 10a Sd, tho aasots at £30 ¡ deficiency! £17,ßOO 10s 5d. If all the assors should bo realised, how much in tho pound wilt thor» ba as"a dividond for tho creditors ?-Albury Jianncr. " CEASE Yarra "GABSING."-We yield to no ono, in tho profundity of our admiration for tho sayings and doings of thoao " potent, gravo, and revoroud signiors," whose fortnightly festivities in Wynyard-squaro ooufor such uimumborod benefits on Oliristondom, Wo tboro fore rejoieo intonsoly to learn that they contemplate enlightening our benighted citizens, by erecting "Gas Works" in opposition to tho "old shop ' in Kont-stroot -Hon. Lunch having promisod.to givo thom a site, it they will undertake to complote tho "job" within iifty years from this date. Tho courago of tho Corporation, 'm thus valiantly coming forward to uproot tho ancient monopoly which has so long kopt tho city in partial darkness, cannot bo too highly applauded. lu certain quarters, doubts lmvo been expressed as to this schoino of alderinanio illumination hoing carried out ; but, for our part, wc plaoo every rolianco in civio sincerity, and hope to " tako a eight" at tho now " Works" Booner tlian Hon. John sooina to anticipate-our conudonco being strcngthonod by tho recollection of tho great ability tho members of tho City Council ' havo always displayed in the manufacture of vocal " gas." . . ' TUE Bron? TIME FOU HAJZBYIXO.-In ono of tho daily papers, wo recently tumbled over an amusing article, extracted from' au English journal, on tho par- tiality ovinced by Scotch people far marrying on tho 31st of December,-the last day of tho yoar boiug considered by our Caledonian "cousins," a lucky one for " buok ling." ' Thia may be so, but as marriage is not only au " honorable,'' but a " highly moral occupation," wo re- gard as " lucky" any day, on which the Pilgrims of Loro arrive at tho " United States." Wo cannot, however,' but admiro the taste which'induces the "sons.of the heather" to prefer tho closing day. of tho year for * settling in life" ond becoming useful mombors of society, as we can hardly imagine anything moro delight- ful, than " ringing tho old year¡out and the new ono in" on a morry bridal leila ! THO. LATEST ABOUT THE 8TAHP ACT.-People are be- ginning to say they, can't stand .'if, ,and nowondor, because they can't oven get a pair of now'boots on. with- out a stantp. . * a COKOEBKINO HoBSBS.-rJpsh Billings, delivering ab- solute wisdom on horses, says -,-"¡Pedigrco ix not im- portant for a fast-trotting boss : if hejeau trot fast, nover mind tho pedigree. There iz à grate monny fast mon oven who aint got no pedigree. Thora aint muoh art in drivin' a trottin' boss ; just hold them bakbard, and holler them ahead hard, that's awl. A boss will trot the fastest down hill, ospeshili if tho hyichiu brakes. Kuller is no kriterion. I have econ awful moan bosses of awl kullore, except green ; I novor coo a mean ono of this kullor. Boshes livo to an honorabil old ago, and I ofton sebn thom that appeared fully prepared for doth. Ilea-1 thens are awl in kind to bosses ; it is among Christian ; peoplo that a horse haz to trot three-mile heats in a hot ] day, for 25,000 dollarj couuterfeit munuy."_ j 