' DR. PUSEY'S PREFACE TO HIS LECTURES ON DANIEL. It is related of the famous demagogue, John Wilkes, that when at an advanced -period of his life he was presented to King George III., he begged to assure his Majesty that he had never been a Wilkite. From his recognised talents and ability ns well as his high academic and social position, it has been the misfortune of Dr. Pusey that his name has been used to designate a party in the Church to whose grave errors he has lent too much countenance. But after reading this book, and contrasting its sentiments with those of many Sacramentarian ritualists who are ranged with the Romanising party in our Church, we could almost venture to allege of the Regius Professor of Hebrew that he is no Puseyite. At all events, he ignores that line of argument so fatal to the foundations of Christianity which would make either the authenticity or the interpretation of God's Word written to rest exclusively on the authority of the Church. He contends for the truth of Divine Revelation on the same prin- ciples as those which guided the fathers of the Reformation as well as the fathers of the Church. He plainly tells us that he finds the Bible to be its own best apology. Meeting the Rationalists on their own grounds, he exposes the vain dreams of German sceptics in Biblical criticism, and applying the touch- stone of common sense to the unsupported assertions of such English copyists or plagia rists as Dr. Davidson, he has done much to invigorate the faith of sincere Christians, and to abash the idle boastings of the defiant assailants of the Bible. The Church could at no period of its history have produced many champions of the faith better equipped for the contest in which he has engaged. Almost the whole of Dr. Pusey's life has been spent in the study of the Holy Scriptures in their original languages, and of books tending to elucidate their meaning. In particular his attention was early attracted by the massive piles of German learning, which so often exhibit none of the labour of compilation than tba discrimination of criticism. For a time he was even beguiled by the seductions of novelty into more than a complacent familiarity with German writers, which nearly forty years ago provoked the strictures of the late Hugh James Rose. But Dr. Pusey now informs us, that although many things were " crudely said " in his early book on Germany, which he therefore withdrew more than thirty years ago, yet it was the restoration of faith then beginning in Germany" about which he was " over sanguine," that solely engrossed his sym- pathies. He adds, that although " he acquainted himself with rationalism as a duty,'' God in his goodness preserved him without any temptation to undervalue tbe positive teaching of the English Articles, or to part with any part of the Catholic faitb. It is, however, well that Dr. Pusey was by any means induced so early to cultivate famili- arity with the German rationalists. It has enabled him the better to meet these pre- tenders and their English disciples on their own ground, and to re- fute one by one with convincing force not unaccompanied with gentle yet biting sarcasm, the reckless assertions and rash assumptions of the infidel school. But even in his early book on Germany, he per- ceived that " Rationalism was the product, not of the attacks on the Gospel, but of its weak defenders. Each generation, in its controversies with unbelief, conceded more of the faith, until at last it was difficult to see what difference there was between assailants and defenders. Theology was one great grave- yard ; and men were disputing over a corpse as if it had life." The Preface to Dr. Pusey's Lecture is in itself a most valuable contribution to the de- molition of the "Essays and Reviews." Of Professor Jowett, Dr. Pusey himself says :— " Continued study of Professor Jowett's Essay makes one think sadly. What does there remain of Christianity which the author can believe ?.,.... Re- garded as (what the Essays were, after a time, understood to be) a challenge to the Church of England to admit their misbelief as allowable denial of truth, it has not befallen me to read another book so cowardly. Had the writers ventured, in plain terms, to deny half the truths as to the Bible or the faith which they suggested to others to deny, they would have aroused the indignation of the whole believing people of England against them, that they denied such truths and remained ministers of the Church of Eng- land." Dr. Pusey selected the Book of Daniel, because unbelieving critics considered their attacks upon it to be one of their greatest triumphs. The exposure of the weak- ness of criticism where it thought itself most triumphant is calculated to shake the confidence of the young in their would- be misleaders. Disbelief of Daniel had become an axiom in the unbelieving critical school. Even Dr. Arnold followed in the wake of his unstable friend Baron Bunsen, had been swept away with the torrent. In the doubts which were cast on tho authority of "Daniel the Prophet" by that well intentioned but change- able and dangerous preceptor, he had perhaps helped to undermine the faith of tho many sceptical or demi-sceptical scholars who, like Stanley, Temple, and others, have issued from the Rugby School. The error of the critics consisted in this, that they mistook the result of unbelief for tho victory of criticism. "They overlooked the fact that the disbelief had been antecedent to the criticism. Disbelief had been the parent, not tho offspring, of their criticism—their starting-point, not the win- ning-post of their course." In other books disbelief could separate what it chose to accept as Divine, from what admitted of being represented as human. The Book of Daniel admitted of no such compromises. Tho historical portions are properly no history, " for a dissolved people scattered amidst an overwhelming population, with no unity save that of their faith, has no history except it rebel." What is history in Daniel relates not to his own people or his own administration. It has nothing of secular history, and records only certain supernatural events, whereby God noted upon tho heathen monarchs, beneath whose sceptre were placed the people to whom " were committed the oracles of God." The prophecies also are one connected whole. They admit of no dis- location. They speak of a time far beyond that of Daniel. His visions shows the suc cession of world-empires :— " Whatever details are given, the prophecies are neither chronology nor history. But since there is prophecy from the time of the Babylonian Empire, there is no date between that Empire and the reign of Antiochus Epiphanes where men could place the writer. For, by placing him at any intervening point, they would have invented to themselves a prophet who should speak of things past as if he were prophesying them, and yet prophecy with equil dis tinctness these yet to come ; half forger, half prophet, men had then no choice between believing all and disbelieving all, compressing into tho limo before Antiochus Epiphanes as best they could, whatever they could not evaporate into a mere ideal, and, as in the ardent fable, laying tho amputated and disjointed limbs of the old prophet, piece by piece, into the caul- dron whence was to issue tho renovated form of the Daniel of tho 19th century. One prophecy only, which fills up outlines of tho earlier prophecy, stops with the Old Testament Antichrist, Antiochus Epiphanes ; the others exhibit in tho distant vista tho final establish- ment of the Gospel, the second coming of Christ, tho Resurrection. There being then no choice but to believe all or disbelieve all, a school to whom it was a postulate that Almighty God did not reveal himself to his creatures except through their human reason, and that He did not interfere in his own creation, must make its choice to disbelieve all.' Such being the root of the objections to the Book of Daniel, Dr. Pusey determined to grapple with the real issue as to Prophecy of Miracles, first by showing that, let men place the book where they would, there is in in it definite, unmistakable prophecy ; secondly, that such definite prophecy as the minuter prophecies in Daniel (the foreground of larger and more distant prophecy) is in harmony with the whole sys. tem of prophecy. In the notes are discussed those adverse criticisms which have been raised as the pleas for an unbelief which was antece dent to these criticisms. Dr. Pusey, forcibly expresses his conviction, that even if all ob- jections were completely removed, unbelief would remain unshaken, as long as it main- tains its original stronghold that " there can- not be supernatural prophecy." It is he says, mere dust in people's eyes, that some speak of tho present conflict as a question of reconciling physical scienoe and theology. He deeply " regrets to see that Bishop Tait, in minimizing or apolo- gising for the opinion expressed by tho Judicial Committee, inadvertently aids this delusion." Then follows a passage of which tho truth commends itself to the mind with convincing power. He says : " Men can hardly be so wilfully blind as to think it. Tho contest runs along tho whole range of God's reve- lation and man's thought What should be one univer- sal harmony, jars with one discord of rebellion. The fact of God's revealed, and the token which He gives of his revealing Himself; his Being in Himself, and the mode of his Being, his character, his attributes, his relation to his creatures, his rights over us, his care and providence towards us, what it is befitting for Him to be or to reveal, how He shall reveal what He does reveal ; what cond. scenslon towards us we shall allow Him to use, in consideration of his high Epicurean dig- nity ; what awful justice we may admit Him to possess, consistently with our ' moral sense of what his attri- butes should be—everything is alike disputed ; only mon uso courteous language towards Him, as to a dethroned monarch, wlo is. to he treated with ros root and tho semblance ef royalty, provided that He transgresses not the boands which his creatures assign to Him. Alas ! that while they are laying down tho laws upon which it beseems their Maker to act, they forget that He is their Maker ; that these brave words of theirs are but like tho speeches in the mouth rf a playcr ; that the great reality, now veiled, is nt hand ; and that their God, who bears to long with our pre- sumptions, will show indeed, as he has said, ' whoso word shall stand, theirs or mine.' " Physical science is made a battle-field because it is tho favourite study of the day, and the mistake of the Italian monks about Galileo is a convenient topic with which to bring odium on all theologians. Certain monkish interpreters deduced wrong inferences from Scripture, and weakly and wickedly endeavoured to uphold them by the sword of persecution, Therefore we are to mistrust—what ?—the inferences of theologians? No, but the Bible itself. And yet scientific men speak of sunrise and sunset just as the Bible does. " Tho mistake," says Dr. Pusey, " was not in the language of the Bible, but that men argued from language adapted to the pheno- mena whereof it speaks, as though it neces sarily contained scientific truth." " Tho claims of ecology do not even touch upon theology." Jerome and other writers are cited to show that some 1400 years before geology, " thc belief that creation dated backwards for countless ages was current in the Church." Holy Scripture, as in the 38th chapter of the Book of Job, expressly speaks of the stellar system as existing before the foundations of the earth. We are told that in the beginning God created all things. Then, detached from this beginning, we have a description of this earth in a state of chaos, a condition in which God, who made all things very good, never made anything. What follows is connected with the present condition of our world, when, for a time of undefined duration, tho Spirit of God was brooding on the face of tho deep. The history of the action of the first day, then, commences by the utterance, "And God said." Hence, Dr. Pusey exclaims : "Geology, then, may pursue its course, with belief, not unbelief for its condition ; only let it not be credulous (as tho way has, too often been) of one thing which tends to unbelief, eager to find grounds to disbelieve Scripture, averse only to believe it." The flood is next touched apon. " The assumption of a partial deluge in any sense which would not contradict Scripture would meet no difficulty of science. A flood which would cover Mount Ararat would cover the globe." Tho difficulty as to the animals assumes that after the " rest " of God, creation terminated, which contradicts our Lord's words, " My Father worketh hitherto, and I work." He continues: " Rationalism, in its assaults, ever chooses what is obscure, avoids what is clear ; it chooses what is minute, it avoids what is comprehensive ; it chooses what is negative, it avoids what is positive ; it chooses what is at a distance from tho centre of faith, it avoids the central truth, or would fain hide it in the cloud of dust raised in the subordinate controversy. . . Science at one time ridiculed the history of the creation, because Moses spoke of light as existing independently of and before tho sun. Science now owns that Moses was right in distinguishing light from tho luminary Yet, untaught by experience, men still press inferences from a science not as yet a century old, against that same history, forgetting or ignorant that that same chapter which they impugn, first of holy writ, declared that truth which heathen philosophy never dreamed of, against which it struggled and still struggles— abso- lute creation at tho will of God. Heathenism con- ceived only of an eternity of matter developing into life, or of a deity, in its weary loneliness, evolving worlds out of itself and embodying itself in them, in order to be no longer alone, itself not the author of life, but tho life itself, such as it exists, insensate, irra- tional, or sinning in tho various gradations of existence in tho world." Having shown that tho cosmogonies of the ancients were Pantheistic, Atheistic, or at best development of pre-existent matter, Dr, Pusey proceeds :— "Over against all these Moses enunciated as simple undemonstrated truth, ' in the beginng God created the heaven and the earth.' Men ask us to account for those thousands of years, which geology claims, as if our faith were to depend on our knowing tho answer. Faith asks them in return how they aocount for the fact, that, through Moses, that truth of the creation was made known, which human reason cannot explain, which even now it relocates as far back as it can, in order to prevent the dread reality of its personal Creator from pressing so clesaly upon it, while it is yet constrained to acknowledge the fact of its creation. God speats still through his words. ' In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth,'and tho soul which listens is sure that the truth is spoken so simply so surely, so unmistakably, so alone, so different from all speculation of philosophy, is for Him. In tho posses- sion of that truth, which God first taught the world through Moses, faith, yea, and God enlightened reason too, is sure that there is some solution for the cliams of geology, be they what they may." Dr. Pusey then enunciates a principle, with which our readers are no doubt familiar, often ns it has been expressed in the columns of this journal, that the best defence of the Bible is to be found in the Bible itself. " This," says Dr. Pusey, ' has been for some thirty years a deep conviction of my soul, that no book can be written in behalf of the Bible like tho Bible itself. Man's defences are man's word ; they may help to beat off attacks-they may draw out come portion of its meaning. The Bible is God's Word, and through it God tho Holy Ghost, who spake it, speaks to the soul, which closes not itself against it." If, he says, the faith shall be destroyed it will be not by open assailants, such as writers in the Westminster Review, but by those who think they defend it whilst they have them- selves lost it. This leads him to speak of Dean Stanley, whom he characterises : " A writer, who seems to think exclusive adherence to definite truth the greater antagonist in thce mind of Christ, would have us agree to differ in every particle of faith, yet to hold ourselves to be in one ' common Christianity Like tho Pantheon of old Rome, every- thing is to be enshrined in one common temple of con- cord —not of faith, or minds, or wills, but of despair of truth. Nothing in this new school is to be exclusively true, nothing ii to be false. No words are to have any scriptions as he likes, so that he do not obtrude that meaning of others as the sole moaning. ' Everlasting' is, to one, to mean ' lasting for ever ;' to another, for what seems to be ' an age,' as men say. 'Atonement' is to one to mean only ' being at one' with God somehow, by imitation or admiration of ' the greatest moral act ever done in the world ;' to another, if ho likes, it is to be that act of God's awful Holiness which human thought cannot reach. To one, the Bible is to be, if he will', ' the Word or God,' so that ho allow his neighbour to have an equal chance of being right who holds, that it contains' somewhere ' the Word of God' \- i. e., a revelation of so one knows what made no one knows how (it may he through man's natural faculties, or bi« own thoughts, or mina), and lying no one knows where, except that it is to be somewhere between Genesis and Revelation, but, probably, according to tho neo- Christianity, to the exclusion of both. We are to recognise together that God the Holy Ghost ' spake by the prophets,' yet not so as to exclude their being falli- ble in matters of every-day morality. The authority of Jesus is to be respected ; yet not so far but that modern critics may be hold to know more than He, our God. These things, as far as they have been yet applied ore of course the beginning, not the end," &c-P.; xxviii. The passage rans on to the end of the Pre- face, and exposes, with withering power, the folly of tho attempt " to allow truth and false- hood to be jumbled together in one ever, shifting kaleidoscope of opinions." To allow that all may have an equal chance of being right, and so that all have an equal chance of being false, "is treason to the God of truth, and cruelty to the souls of man." He cites Dean Stanley's farewell sermon, in which there is an allusion to M. Renan's " Life of Jesus," and where the Dean says we have been blamed already that we do not " consent to be taught even by an enemy, and accept tho faith how- ever imperfect, tho adoration however incon- sistent," &c.; Everyone is to decipher tho old in "This,' says Dr. Pusey, " is but on instance of that variegated use of terms which destroys all definiteness of meaning. It is not one or other hard or revolting ex- pression in M. Renan's ' Life of Jesus' which has so shocked Christian Europe It is tho intense and entire unbelief which underlies tho whole of that patronising novel, in which the supercilious insolence of superiority which makes allowance for its God, is more sickening even than its hinted blasphemy. Of course there can be no vestige of 'faith' or 'adoration' in that dreary picture, which describes a young enthusiast 'who at once the germs of a true fanaticism,' at one time 'probably, not involving himself in innocent frauds, whereby people tried to secure to him the title of Son of David, whicb, however, ho accepted, but who finally became a wonder- worker against his will, conniving at fraud in tho resurrection of Lazarus, falling short of the delicacies of tho critical spirit (of tho nineteenth century) whereby good faith and imposture are irreconcilable terms, " &c.; "I cannot," says Dr Pusey, " bring myself to trans- late or accumulate the blasphemies. The ' adoration ' of one who by force of circumstances is to have fallen short of tho morality of the nineteenth century, would be the hideous mockery of those who bowed the knee before Him and mocked Him, saying, ' Hail, King of the Jews."' " Dr Stanley bids us ' think of our controversies as they will appear when we shall be forced to sit down at tho feast with those whom we have known only as opponents here, but whom we must recognise as com- panions there—would God it may be so' Joyous, besides its Joy in God, will be that re-union of his redeemed, when those who have been severed for awhile through no wilful rejection of the truth, shall, in tho sight of the ever blessed and adorable Trinity, together too and adore the perfect truth. Yet in order that it may be so, they who, through no merits of their own, but through the mercy of God have that one truth which he has revealed, ore bound to move not, through any fear of man, or fainthearted ness or sloth, or dread of repelling an already alienated world, to saften or pare down the truth with which we are entrusted. Rather let tho world say what it will, or the more because it proposes this deadly peace, in which we are to unite in one our apathy of God's given truth, we must bear about with us tho Apostle's words, 'Brethren, if any of you do err from tho truth, and one convert him, let him know, that he which converted the sinner from the error of his ways shall save a soul from death, and shall hide a multitude of sins.'" We have dwelt thus upon the Preface as containing the introduction to his expose of the flimsy texture of those objections with which Neology has, according to its wonted usage, assailed one of the most important portions of tho sacred volume.-The Record. 