THE BLUE MOUNTAIN EXILE. We take the following verses from All The Year Round for October 29. There can be no difficulty in identifying the "Blue Mountain" here referred to ; nor can we doubt who the "Exile" is, with "His hair, once all waves, now wind-hackled flax." We are glad to see him make a sign, though we regret to find him in such a disconsolate humor. From his hut he strays forth, to gaze on the night, The old starry story, with mists round the dome ; And, below, 'tis a squalid and desolate sight ; A hideous monotony—mud-gleams and gloom. Beyond, sleeps the forest, all dark ; and, between, Gold-diggings, deserted, like huge graveyards yawn (The Last Day long, pass'd from poor earth's work'd-out scene), From whose gaps both the soul and the body are gone. Back-gazing, he broods on his lonely retreat ; The blue-curtain'd lattice gleams faint o'er the swamp ; No living thing waits there his footstep to greet, He will find a void cell, and his time-waning lamp. His arms are grown hard by the swing of the axe ; His palms dry and grain'd by the sap of the wood ; His hair, once all waves, now wind-hackled flax, But he feeleth no change in his blood. The winds are gone down, the night-hours are dead. Yet silence so sad that it hints of no dawn ; The Blue Mountain hurricanes rang round his head, Then left him in statue-trance, firm though forlorn. The black snake lies torpid beneath the dead logs. Or creeps o'er the sludge to the mouldering dell, Where luminous fungi, and leaden-grey frogs, Each other confront—spell-bound, and a spell. By the cold water-reptiles' humming quire The silence is magnetised : hark ! the weird tune ! A charr'd trunk appears—the black ghost of fire ; Bogs and frogs, and the mist, and the moon. In this Hades of hopelessness, think not he grieves, Or feels his strong soul-life one moment despond. He believes in himself, because he believes In the Voice of a Spirit beyond ! Mount Gambier Farmers' Club. — This club has recently been formed with the object of for warding the interests of farmers in its locality. Arrangements have been made with a respectable Melbourne firm, and with Captain French of the steamer Penola, whereby the entire charges upon shipment and sale of wheat in Melbourne are re duced to Is per bushel and other produce in pro portion ; advances from 2s to 2s 6d per bushel be ing obtainable on wheat delivered to Capt. French for shipment. The club numbers 77 members-, repre senting an area of 6810 acres under crop. Intend ing members will for tho future be admitted by ballot. ??'? A Great Failure. — Tho Dictator, Mr Ericsson's great ocean iron-clad ram, which was to visit Europe last summer, and to astonish the world at large, is a complete and most miserable failuvo. She now lies at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, 13 inches out of water, and still lacking her allowance of ordnance stores, crew and luggage, coals, &c;, making a total, of more than 500 tons yet to go on board of her» If this weight is placed on board the deck will be- even with the surface of tho water. In this condi tion it would require only about 175 tons, perhaps less, weight of water or any other substance to place her beneath the water. Nor is this her only defect— her engines are not properly balanced, and turn over with tho greatest difficulty, making a load noise, and with an unpleasant jump. Thus far they have made 22 revolutions. Tho anchor purchase* another bright idea of the Swedish engineer, wilt » not do its duty, and is powerloss to raise hep anchors. There is no use in trying to conceal tha fact, that she is tho greatest abortion of this age. — ? New York correspondence of tho Army and Navy Gazette, 