TOWN TALK. , Saturday, last witnessed a general clearing ut I of our racing visitors, and since their depaAre the current of Burrangong life has been usually stagnant. It was nccessary to putj^i an appearance of gaiety during tho racintfeek, ana the unwonted effort lias now been flfowed by its natural reaction. We ate now k the " Stool of repentance" with a vengean'* As peonlc, however, were not very jovial / what ought to have boen the height of the fu'luring the preceding week, it is difficult to aeint for their present quietude. Sunday was regular wet day and Monday morning found e roads perfect seas of mud and water. B-'scen the Albion and the Bee Hive there was ?ery unornamental pond of unknown depth dimensions. It could scarcely be deemed 1 improvement to the street, and was apf' nt 'y constructed for the especial deloctatio-^ the geese that were diving and swimming £ hoir hoarts content, in what is popularly ;Posed to "be Main-street, Young?—Many :.—Many . ^aers have returned from Eurongilly ; th^^^ts tl give of that place are deplorable unfor nate miners there have of course Buffered considerable losses from the almost total collapse of alluvial mining, but their losses have at any rate chiefly consisted of wasted time, and unproductive labor—a no. -uncommon vicissitude of their uncertain calling. They worked hopefully but did not indulge in extravagant speculation. Not so the business men', who have rushed madly into building on a gold field, where a " strong colour " at an unfathomable depth, was an encouraging indication, and a few grains to the dish, the proof of a lead/' The delusion is over, the bubble is burst, and Clarendon remains the ghost of a town, poverty stricken and depopulated.—Saturday and Monday nights the sable hero Black Perry exhibited, at the Victoria, his scientific proficiency in the noble art of head-punching. We did not attend either seance, and are, therefore unable to present our readers with a sample of that elegant imagery, which it is an article of faith to adopt in relating the entrancing details of a pugilistic encounter. —Bardon, tlic jockey who was thrown from Mazourka at the last raccs, was removed in the early part of the wee k from the Great Eastern to tike hospital. He is now sufficiently recovered to get about.—On Monday night the premises of Mr. Mulligan, tailor, of Burrowastreet were robbed of a roll of cloth and a pair of unmentionables. The thieveB have not been discovered.—Tlie weather has been very cold during the week, the last two nights have been particularly chill and frosty, and the country in the mornings has been wintry and white. The The rain, has done a great deal of good to the farmers who are now enabled to proceed with their p'oughing.—The great brooch stealing case was again brought on the board at the police tiffice on Monday. On this occasion the tables were turned upon one of the witnesses in the case at its first hearing, and the lady was, what is vulgarity termed, '"shopped" for perjury. She was afterwards released on bail, ana will be tried in Yass on the 15th inst., with what result remains to be seen. It is tlic easiest thing in the world to " put your foot in it" in discussing anything connected with this case, especially if not well posted up in its various ramifications. —On Tuesday next the foundation stone of the new Wesley an Church is to be laid with much j ceremony. Several visitors are expected from 'Ooulburn and elsewhere, to take part in the " ^proceedings. The event will be celebrated by ' tea meeting and speech making in the evening. THK HOSPITAL AND THE PBOSPECTING AS- SOCIATION.—Owing to the unexpected length of •our Sydney correspondent's letter, we are compelled to hold over our usual reports of the Hospital and Prospecting meetings until next - issue.' , . WF.T MAILS.—The horse mails arriving in -'Young appear to be wretchedly protected from •the weather. About a fortnight since the Batliurst and Orange mails were delivered wet, •and the newspapers were stained, torn, and un- readable. On Suuday last the Sydney mail arrived iu a similar predicament. Heralds and Umpires were for once most amicably conjoined, and all attempts to sepcrate them only resulted in the destruction of both. We only received a jagged and dirty moiety of Punch , to all appearance just rescued from the rats. As the winter'is now approaching, and wet weather may lie frequently expected, it would not be amiss if some enterprising and patriotic member of the Assembly was to move for a committee, to inquire into the waterproof condition of the country mail bags, and to report thereon. A few of the Burrangong ones would assuredly be condemned. ACCIDENT.—On Wednesday last a rather serious accident befel the son of Mr. Matthews, storekeeper, of Burrowa-street. The little fellow, who is only six years old, was playing in •he lane at the back of his father's place, when he was told to run out of the way of a bullock, driven by Mr. George Goodsall. As lie was running he looked behind him and fell. In falling he contrived to twist his leg under him, and unfortunately broke his thigh. The bone was set yesterday by Dr. Temple, and the youngster, in stereo-typed phrase, is " progressing favorably." MB. HALL'S ENTEBTAINMENT.—On Thursday •and Friday evenings, Mr. Hall gave two amusing entertainments at the Diggers' Theatre. On Thursday the performance commenced with some card and conjuring tricks, which were •executed with considerable skill. About the best of these appeared to be the transmogrification of about a dozen pocket handkerchiefs into .coffee. Some ventriloquistic feats followed, -which were highly applauded. The entertain- ment concluded with the appearance of Mr. Hall as a nigger serenader, in which character he sung several capital songs. By an advertisement in another column, it will be seen that Air. Hal) appears again this evening, and that lie has reduced the prices of admission. Mil. RODD ON Tint GOLD ESCOHT CHABGE.— In the Herald of the 29th instant, there appears in the report of the speech of Mr. Hoda upon this impost, that- the cost of the transmission of gold by escort was about £2000 a year; and jet the charge brougbttothe revenuewas £6450a year. Mr. Itodd wishes it to be understood that the above was misreported. What he really said was, that the proceeds of transmission amounted to £2000 a year. THE RACE FUNDS.—It was at one time supposed that the funds in the lurnds of the Stewards would scarcely be sufficient to meet the amount of the advertised prizes. It iB an ill wiud that blows nobody any good, and the failwc of the late meet in some respects, may perhaps pave the way for the success of the next. The walk over for the Town Plate has placed an unexpected sum of £37 10s. at the disposal of the Stewards; other subscriptions which were not counted upon, were paid in last week, which will raise the unexpended balance to ubout £50 as a commencement of the funds for 1866." > ./ MINING REGULATIONS IN FOBCE ON THE BCBBANGONG 'GOLD-FIELD.—We have been requested by the clerk of the Local Court to •publish the following :—-It appears at last that a solution has been found to the difflculy of deciding as to what mining regulations are in force at Burrangong. For some time past the commissioners nave refused to register claims, under any circumstances, alleging that the Local Court rules gave them no power to do so. That they might possess this power, the Local Court sent to tne Government about two months ago, a regulation which, if sanctioned would allow a minor to register his claim, under certain circumstances. After some correspondence, the Court has received a communication from the Government to the effeet, that the regulations of February 26th, 1864 are in forco at Burrangong as well as the Local Court rules, and as rule 9 of those regulations is almost similar to the rule submitted by the Court, it is a question whether there is any necessity to press on the Government to assent o it being made a Local Court by-law. The iffect of tliiB is, that the commissioners have ,d power to register claims sineo February, J 64, though it is presumed they were not of it, and also that the whole of the crnuicnt rules are in force in Burrangong, v with the Local Court ruleB. ING CASK AT THE CAMP HOTEL.— aturof^last, Martin Sullivan was tried at Attempting to murder Edward i „ Churchman said he was an on ijilEfS^sfS' the 10th April ho told the — a disreputable woman outside Hotel, Young. Sullivan i him, and they had a landlord came out and n then went into his room, and he followed towards the door soon after. Sullivan opened the doqr and fired, and the bullet hit him in the cheek. Prisoner was found guilty and sentenced to 10 years hard labour on the roads. He was defended by Mr. Isaacs. Sullivan was also chorgcd with having been convicted under the name of Robert Byrnes, in March, 1854, and sentenced to 8 years hard labor. His identity with Byrnes was not proved. THE BCBBOWA BENCH.—The Young police magistrate will preside at the Burrowa police court, on Wednesday, the 17th of May next, and after that date will regularly attend "at that court upon every fourth Wednesday. The Burrowa people will thus he enabled to square off their arrears, and indulge in the luxury of litigation at least once in a month. Advertisement.—Jayne's Hair Tonic will promote the growth of the hair, remove scurf and dandriff, give the hair a glossy appearance, prevent baldnesB, cure diseases of the scalp, reclothe bald heads with new hair, prevent premature greyness, and being tastefully put up in new style glass-stoppered bottles, and delightfully perfumed, is adopted to the toilet table, and will afford general satisfaction to all who give it a trial. 