VICTORIAN MEMS. Alice Kenan," to whom was allotted only £50 i,;|9t« fdlow-eervant received £250, hns wrillen a lnin statement of her case to the O. and 11, Adrer- Jr she states that she was the first to convev the information of Morgan being at.Peechelba to" Mr. Rutherford, and on bar return her miftrra*, Mrs. fr- chereon, said to lier, " You wretcli, you hare endaneered aU our lives; Alice •continues—" I «nid we haves chonce to capture B!organ that mt'lit nerer ,"„.,„ again, and >f we did. not attempt it we were iin betfer than the New South Wales people, fehe then 63id, you had better go down to the men's hut, d ;n6t,-uct them to. make no noise, and, if possible, not to let George (meaning Mr. Rutherford) know about. Morgan being there. I enid again, we might capture him; mm, elie replied by paying, -v~s, • What is <""= the capture of M Morgan to the safety of my family; all that Morgan wants is a horse to cany liim away in jlie morning."" . , A largo block of granite fell near the Porcupine Tunnel, on ttie Sandhurst Railway, on Monday last. Fortunately the engine driver saw it in time to stop the train, which waB detained two hours before the obstacle was removed. The Payment of Members Bill was negatived in the Victorian Council on its first reading by 16 to 8. , " The new tariff, as passed by the Victorian Legislature is doomed.' Mr. Sladen carried his motion^withont a division, affirming tJiat the Council will insist on the Imperial custom being adhered to, of allowing no foreign matter to be incorporated in a Bill of Supply. Mr. Angus M'Millan, whose name is inseparably associated with tbe discovery and settlement of Gipps Land, and who represented the Southern portion of tbe district in the first Victorian Parliament, died last week. His loss will be severely felt by a large circle <if private friends, to whom he had endeared himself bv his sterling honesty and the geniality of his disposition. Mr. M'Millan was a useful colonist, and ttie iilmost affectionate interest which he took in the proL'i'efs of Gipps Land was not merely exhibited in a efiiiiinental form; Almost the last act of his life was the opening up of a' track connoting the principal centres of population in Gipps Land. Amongst the cargo of the Barwon on her last trip from Sydney were 218 bagB of copper ore, the first consignment from the Q.uidong copper mine, near Borobaln, New South Wales. The mine has been worked for some months past under the direction of Mr. William Allen, a gentleman well known in Melbourne, on behalf of a Melbourne proprietary, and now promises to be a very successful undertaking. A dreadful accident occurred at Wooragee on the 18th instant, resulting in the death of two Chinese. I'll e men were engaged in a shaft putting in a blast, in doiug which they made use of an iron rammer, which is supposed to have caused a premature explosion. One poor fellow was killed instantly, end the -other wasGO frightfully injured that he died a few tours after hie admission to tbe Hospital. The quantity of wine returned for the year ending March, .1868, for the Murray district on the Victorian side of the river must, of course, have boon the produce-of tlie season of 1863-64, as no return could lis inade-of the wine only juBt made. Comparing that yiiild, then, with the former one, we have 23,571 gallons against 17,748 gallons, besides 35 gallons of Irandy, and thiB in spite of a rather unfavorable •season. Mailing all the returns, we cannot congratulate ourselves as to ttie agricultural prospects either of the district or the colony. There is not only a decrease during the lost Tear of 31,252 acres of land under tillage oi Victoria, but a total falling off of 356,544 bushels in cereals:; of 17,754 tons of potatoes •and green .crops j of 24,265 tons of hBy ; of 398 cwt. •of onions -, of 2,701 cwt. of toba-co; of 3,1)78 cwt. of grapes gathered, and of 16,691 gallons of wine produced. Mr. Gideon S. Lang, in o letter to the Argus .giving his reasons for Relieving in the probability of Leichardt'e party being lield in captivity by the blacks, writes as followsKing -was kindly treated; Morrell lived with natives seventeen years ; Buckley, in Port Philip, thirty years a deserter ir, Morc'01 Bay, fourteen years ; a runaway prisoner there eleven jeers ; Kangaroo Jack, .on,the Upper Murray, about the same/and there is.no reason whatever why Leicliardt?8 pa-tv, or some of them may not have done the same. To conclude—let. The parly was not cut •off, os Teported in 1849, but got safely ni>out 1,000 miles upon their journey, and how much further we know not. 2nd. It is extremely improbable that the whole parly perished. 3rd. That the party may have lost their liorsee, and been so reduced in numbers, strength, and outfit that they could not return through strange, and therefore hostile tribes ; and adopted their only resource—joined a tribe of natives from whom they could not escape. The probability •therefore is, that some of them survive, who, after waiting year after year, with vain hope and sickening heart for the relief that never came, have sunk into •despair, and drag on a wretched existence, without a liope of again seeing friends or home.' Colonial youths are, generally speaking, tough customers, but we never expected to witness such a palpable illustration of that toughness, as in a little incident which occurred on Sunday evening. A gentleman in the commercial line, waB driving a buggy and pair rather smartly up High-street, when a little urchin rushed across the horses' heads, too near for the driver to pull up. Tbe youngster fell between the JiorseB, and the animals swerving, ran the two off wheelB over the boy's tody. The boy jumped lip immediately, rubbed his head with one hand, and bis head's antipodes with the other; pocketed a douceur •of two half crowns presented by the alarmed charioteer, and went on his way unhurt and rejoicing.—M. •and JO. Advertiser. For some time a shop keeper in Vincent-street had linen alarmed at night by the mysterious ringing of his tell down stairs. In every instance search for the nocturnal visitor had failed to detect him. At length, just when the unfortunate trader was really beginning to think the house waB haunted, accident explained the enigma and relieved his fears. A smash of crockery was heard, and in rushing out the ghost was seen in thasliape of a neighbor's dog. It seems that Ponto was in the habit, when all was quiet, of paying his respects to the larder of tbe next house. In order to do this be had to cross a pile of wood, above which the wire or the tintinabulum was stretched. Hence on every occasion the animal scaled the fence, a series of spasmodic jerldngs of tbe bell followed.—Daylesjord Express. The Talbot Leader says:—"The process-server, recently employed by Mr. Hoskins to serve county courts summonses on defaulting ratepayers, found that be bad 'been supplied with five summonses for individuals over whose bodies tombstones appear in the A mlieret cemetery, and for one who departed this life some time since in Queensland under the paternal care of the Government and hangman of that interesting colony." The mysterious disappearance of a large number of sheep is reported as follows by the Sendigo Advertiser:—" Last Monday week Mr. Maclean, who ownB a station at the junction of the Coliban and Campaspe Rivers, near the new rush, disooverd that he had sustaiued the loss of a number of his sheep. On the Saturday he suspreted" that some were missing, »nd, on mustering them on Monday, he found a deficiency of nine hundred. The past week haB been spent by him in scouring the country around, but be has, as yet, received no tidings of any kind concerning them. What makes tbe affairmore mysterious is that the run was fenced round with the exception of one side bounded by the Coliban, which, at the time, contained a considerable body of water." Thackeray, in liis " Paris Sketch Book," describes the plot of a drama which was played at one of the minor Parisian theatre*, and in which tbe Lord Mayor of London is represented as offering bis wife for *ale ill Smithfield tnarket j the hymeneal noose, which ia to be shaken off on a purchaser making his appear- «nce, being symbolised by a very substantial rope which the fair One wears rouud her neck. It would appear by tlie following paragraph, which we cut from ihaJtendigoAdcertuer, that the Chinese have an equally satisfactoir method of disposing of their better halves to ibe highest bidder:—" Recently, a Chinaman brought from the Tlovery Xond his wife, accompanied Jjy her maid-servant—two very fair cpemmens of the almond-eyed, small , footed feminine beautieeof that country. The : maid-servant having been purchased m China, the Chinese husband thought, on the arrival.of the two ladies that he might fairly, as justly, dispense with the maid's services, and accordingly lie put her up to auction j (and if our information in -truthful, he realised £120 for what he had paid only about £10 in China. Tbe happy purchaser, : on receiving deliverj of lus property, added the marriage rites of the Chinese joss-house to his legal tights, and took homo his newly-bought bride.. 