MEASURES AND MEN: A LETTER ADDRESSED TO MR. JEMS SMARTIN, BY BIRDO'FREDUM SAWIN. Gret star of poletics, ez I wuz soarrin About the latetudes of places forrin, I seed the flashing--and I heerd the noise Your thunder made abowt them dutty boys Ez greazed the 'lection poles, and made ye climb Up the wrong end, tu what's called tribble time. You know--ez well ez me--I'm Yankee rootin', But jest now thar's sech 'tarnation shootin' Of men and niggers down Amerikee, That smellin' powder, I put off tu sea-- Tho' I must say yu put me in a fixen, By stoppin the career of that Sea Vixen, Ez I had oped tu find outside yer Heds, When you and Bet was tucked up in yer beds. Wal, Jeames, yor health and spirit's good I knows, Onless their suffer'd by them mighty blows You've been a dealing round yu left and right, On frens and foes within yer range of fite. Yu know fren Jeames, a creepin', twistin' creetur Called snake or sarpent--thair aint no fee- tur In him whats good, but when his bitin's ended His game's cut short, and then he's unde- fended. I hope yor bitin aint all done fren Jeames, But trusted yor primed for lots of ither games-- Tho' much I fear me that your pizn's les- sen'd, Sence you let fly it--with yor speshul blessin On the wurld at large--yor much tu boun- tiful, Yor might hev slewed a gret big county ful Of gals and babbies by yer dreffte thunder; But men an boys 'll only gape and wonder At the gret primed Ministeer and Turney- Genrel A roarin like a tyke whipp'd in his kennel. I likes the sorder soft yu gev them chaps, Ez gev yu nothing but some ugly raps, And sent the pizn to yer gen'rous soul, And berried of yer underneath the pole. Sez you in terms affecshn't and touchin' (Indeed I almost think'd I seed yer blush- in') Tu them air cheps ez by a grand majority, Sez we wont have yer Jems--and that mi- nority Ez welcomed me with open arms my thanks aire due I leaves em tu toss up their worth how true. But for them gold-hunting cheps at Ade- long, I'd not been singin' this here purty song. Thair like the sweets of offis--miger-- atory And only worthy of my tiger--hatory. Whilst I rejoice that intu yor interior A peep yu gev me, I haint much infeerior Tu Ministeers in gen'ral, therefor untu all Tummut, I sez "communicate"--so long ez I'm upon the summit Of this ere country's grandjeer,--but be quick, For very soon I'll have to cut my stick. And if yer nutthin' ax, yer nutthin' get, With compound int'rest from Treazury Bet, To them electors ez in East Sydney, Offer'd the sholder cold to hungry me. I give my blessin'--its all I've got to give, And may it stick to em jest while they live. I bless em all--but weeps o're the delushun That made em scatter sech a long perfusion Of votes, upon that dreffle traiter's ed, Ez this ere day I'd like to fix in lead-- But unto Money-'rues and Lock'd-lands squatters I waft these words--pray tell me whose yer hatters. 'Xcuse my fredum, but yer like them fules Ez sets thair preshus starns atwixt tu stules, You've got tu seats, and mind jest as yu tumble And don't cuss tall, but groan a pius grumble On them thar frens ez sent yu down tu cheers To sit on in the 'Ouse, but left yu on the steers, With thanks to them why not clinch'd yer address, And kept yer writin's from the publick press? Tho' Sydney Granny sold yu her new type, So much a fut, to give the wuld a wipe. She's ony brining of the rods wats picklin' Tu warm your 'onest back wi' orfle ticklin' Wal, "Verbem Sap" was never understood, Nor rit by chaps as eds was built of wood, I doant say yourn is wood, I'm tu perlite, But yet I guess it don't get all the light Threw that thar 'oss tail gen'ral turney's wig Ez frights the tremblin' soul of every prig. I'll tell ye what I thinks a joke most orfle, Alltho' it orfen gevs a chap a clawful Of the felthy stuff the parsons groan agin Because they sez its the true stump root ev sin. I think that when a Turney-General's a lawyer, Its what he ort to be--but when he's the top sawyer Of the state, and its primed Ministeer Them tu pursutes at times smells rather sin- isteer. I aint no lawyer,--so the still small voice What dwells inside my bosom--du rejoice That I aint call'd upon to pruve a nigger's white, And next day pruve he's blacker nor the night. I've seen sum servis Jems--an' done sum fightin', An' gut sum glory tu--in wounds an' ritin', An' as the state wi' you wont long be lumber'd, (Yor very 'ours Iv'e heern 'em say air number'd) I thought afore the ghost took yu in toe-- (He must take you--for yu tu him wont go,) I'd beg a trifling gift in sitivations, Or, else ole clothes to fet sum poor rela- shuns. Don't think me greedy Jems-- but ez yor sun, Its daily course of parlement hev run, I'd like tu hev a chance afore its settin (?) axing--wi' no hope o' gettin. (?) publick land on eazy lease, (?) on Commishun of the Peese. (?) acres for a thousan' year, (?) ten per anne, I won't cry A farden a mile, tu cheps ez fatten sheep, Is harf tu dear--enuff tu make em weep. Gev em a thousan' mile at nutthin rent, An' then they'll cry--"enuff we aire con- tent." Ef of just-asses yu aint gut enuff, Or any on em cuts to smeuth or ruff, Jest clap me down in one of yor epistels, I'd like a feed off Guvermental thissels. That thar Commishun was cured shockin' sad, You've made it wusser than wen very bad; I guess you used the list of Magistraits, Like boys du figgers on the schoole-house slates-- Rubbin' out them ez ort tu be left on, And addin' them ez set the lot all wrong. Sez yu, "I'll patch the piece what air my fate, And I'll impruve it tu at this ere rate, For ev'ry chap what's sarved out justis true, I'll J.P. six what's bad, or wuss or new; And ev'ry chep what's dared rezent my creeturs, Shall sink J.P. ez his distingished feeturs." I loves and honors the affeers ef justis; But swears my gorge, jest fit to bust is, At the bluddy-butchring-unwholsom way You slarter'd good men's spotless names away. "I care not," sez you, "be him sick nor 'elthy, Long nor short--nor popelar, nor wealthy-- Ef he's upset the cart I'm trying to driv-- Why off he comes--the beast ain't fit to live; Ef corrupt and ignorent I new him, 'Twas clear my dooty for at once tu slew him, An so I stabb'd him--an' wi'out compunck- shun, Nor yet a grain of ministeerial unckshun." Sez yu--"I'll sweep this Orgean with my broom, An' for sum louder durt make speedy room." You wornt quite 'appy upon Free Seleck- shun, About as frenly tho' ez on Perteckshun. There orfle questions them--an' quite ob- struse, Enuff to keep both Bet and you from roost. Your views is right, and ripe from long con- cockshun; But then, the mob ain't ripe for their adop- shun. That cussed Free Trade Institooshun Play'd up thunder with your Constitooshun, An' sent such fleas to tetch yor hide and worry Ez Ryan-- Lucas--Buckannan--an' Terry. But never mind, yu needn't care a tater, You've riz the stamp of our gret legislater. An' ef etarnal gratitood wornt gained Becoss the new Commishun most folks pain'd, You'll go down colors flyin' tu posturity, (Some cheps ez live about down Lake Fu- turity). An' they may thank yu for the stenkin dish Yu left behind yu of unpleasant fish. Ef ever folk succeeded well at discord Yor workin' oxes bets the best on record. You've 'gut more lives in yer nor a cat. Tod did die hansom--but knock'd down flat Ez yu hev bin, and bless'd wi' cussings Loud and tall enuff to wake the nussings Of every suckin' mother long or round-- Up you jumps, like bull-frog, wi' a bound, An' stans an' fites, and hammers thick an' thin, An' pegs away ontil knock'd down agin. You ve gut the sack, so bag it like a man; Draw holl yor wages, an' more of yu can, An' take to firin' with the Oppesition, 'Gen them as chuck'd yu tu yer low persition. Ole Charley soon upon the ladder-top Will be--it dusn't follow he' gone there tu stop: Go in an' win--there can't be no gret fun In' gettin' whopp'd by father and by son. Ez for little Charley --drop him summut-- He spiled yor Orange first--an' then took Tummut. I likes your sentimens about the peeple, Thair nigh ez lofty ez our villedge steeple; I loves the 'gret unwashed' ez 'ot ez you-- Thet's at a distance, 'bout a mile or tu; They smells tu strong fer snouts like mine an' yourn, Ez took tu sope soon arter they wus born. Them lines yu prigg'd from Monseur Victory Hogo Is exc'llent, but for yor purpose--no go. Them cheps ez Victory calls the Miser- ables Is dreffle Frenchmen wi'out cheers nor tables. I've heern when thair full fig they aint tu hot, That all thair wardrobe is a sans cool-ot. No sacerfice, dear Jems, were axed of thee 'Xcep thy wages, and prime ministree. Them 'owlin' idyets what yu loves so well In all particlers 'xcep' thair smell, No sacerfice demands, of blood nor bones, Nor gold--nor love--nor thought--nor preshus stones; It only axes thee, afore put on the route, To sheft off peaceful--or they'll kick you out. You doant discreminate 'twixt frens and foes, So jest be careful of that hansom nose Of yourn, or else ez sure ez sartin Sum orfle gladeator 'll set it smartin'; An' when yu goes out walking arter darks Mind you don't walk intu the peoples' Parkes, Or p'raps you'll get a touch like a sledge- hammer, Gently best-toed by M. P. for Kiama. I calc'late when you pulled him by the tail Last meetin', you didn't 'xpect holesale Returns--not such a generous rich invice Of kicks, ez bid you never more rejice. Gev up climbin' trees, my friend, you're sure to fall, An' tumblin' from a Minis-tree is wuss nor all; Thair's no bone setters this gret oashun's side Ez tackles limbs thets crack'd wi fallin' pride. Yu was advised tu try the country air, In hopes yor strength 'd mend by goin' thair; But ez its weaker now than when you went Both time and money ez been badly spent. Take my advice, unto the Treazury mizzle, Riz all the dolls--an' then de-camp full chizzle. I'll not desert yu till they cut your mooring, Till then I'll back yu. BIRDO'FREDUM SAWIN. 