THE MERCURY. THURSDAY MORlfWQ, SEPT. 14, 1865. Hobaut Town ia sold, and has been sold by } those who should have been arnon»; the first to support it. We allude to Mr. Wedqe, to the Colonial Secketahv, find to tho hon. J. M. Wilson. To these gentlemen wo mainly owe it that wo aro to have no survey of a, main Hue ol' railway between this and Launceston. The sum of £i,000 voted by the lower house for this purpose is not to bo granted. It was sent to the upper house in tlio shape of au appropriation bill, and that bill was ordered last ovoning to bo rend timt day six months. Captain Ianhdon' wiis tim mover of tho obnosiouB motion, and Mr. Wedge tho seconder. What part the Colonial Skchetakï and the lion. J. M. Wilson took in the despieablo ruse by which the bill lias boon shelved shall be clearly enough stated before wo have done. But wo begin with Mr. Wedok, that med- dlesome " busybody thankless," borderiug on his dotago, and yet never ceasing to pour out his drivel on the house against Hobart Town and its interests, whenever an opportunity presents itself. We have no special claims on Captain Laxodox, as the representative of tlie Dorwont.but wo have on Mr. Wedoe, as one of the members for the city, and it is a fortunate circumstance that it will not be long before his constituents will be in a position to square accounts with him. He censes to bo member of the upper house by elfluiion of time on the 1st of Juno next, and the course he has now taken will not fail to bo remembered against him. Amore worth- less representativo of the district of Hobart in the upper house, the constituency could not possibly have. He is not only foolish, but malicious and spiteful, always saying wrong things nt the wrong time, ond saying them in such an offeusive inaunor as to be a per- fect nuisauce in the house. "Whether lie was right or uot iu telling the house .laut night that he had put himself in communi- cation with his constituents on the subject of the proposed line, and that he hod not found one in favor of it, we «hall leave them to judge. Meanwhile, we attach no more value to that statement, than we doto what he said about voting money for the survey of the line being a beginning at the wrong end. Let us not, however, magnify the im- portance of this poor creature, n mere tool of the government,-we do not desire to use any more opprobrious phrase, however much merited,-by giving him undue prominence in these colonies. He is not worthy of it> He was a mere puppet in this affair, and the ColoniaIí Secbktabt: and the lion. J. M.j Wilson were pulling the strings. 3?or a proof of this, we have not to go far below the surface. It was well enough known in the lobbies of the house in an early part of the evening that the government were to vote for the bill, and yet that they were to have a triumphant majority against, it. This, to the uninitiated, may savor of mysticism, but a few words will make it plain. The Colonial Secretabt. and Mr. Wilson hod counted noses, and had come to the conclusion that they could play a deeper game by getting others to vote against the bill, and by voting for it them- selves. They should thus keep up appear-' anees, or, in other words, more effectually carry on the cheat. Mr. Allison brought forward this measure in the lower house, and they knew when they got it into the upper to what use they could turn it. This we infer, as everybody must infer, from what took place in the upper house, not .only on this, but on former occasions. Lot us, however, connue ourselves to what took place last evening. On rising to speak to the amendment that the bill bo read that day six months, the Colonial Secbetabt followed Mr. Wedge, who had spoken most disparagingly of the project, and intimated his intention of voting for the bill, and not for the ameudmeut. But did he reply to any of Mr. Wedge's disparaging remarks, or bIioiv himself in any way friendly to the bill? Did he, in fact, assign any reasons for voting for the bill, which can be satisfactory to himself, or which ought to be satisfactory to others? Let us see. What were his reasons for voting for tho bill ? He looked upon the whole as a delusion. At no time had he had any other opinion of it, neither had he now. But as there was some excitement out of doors on tho subject, and as they hod been asked for some assistance of the kind for three successive sessions, he should now vote for it. He must guard himself, how- ever, against the suspicion of having auy faith in the project. He simply voted for. this £4,000 under a belief that it would completely dispel the delusion under which so many were laboring. These were his sole reasons for voting for the bill, and not for the amendment, and a pretty sort of states- manship his conduct on this occasion ex- hibits. Mr. Wilson was more politic. Ready to speak as he is on most occasions, and on all sorts of subjects, be was discreetly silent on this. But it may be doubted, whether his discretion did not carry him beyond the bounds of prudence Mr. Wilson, like Mr. Wedge, is one of the members for the city, and he will have to face his constituents at a much earlier date than Mr. Wedge. His seat becomes vacant on the 18th of next month, and he might, probably, have had a double motive for the course lie took on this occasion.. He did not follow the example of the Colonial Secee TARvin speaking one way and voting another, lest he be called to account for this. Neither did he follow the example of Mr. Wedue in both speaking aud voting against what'ho must luve known to be the wishes of his constituents, lest the connection that now exists between them should be severed. But lie struck out a course for himself. He re- solved on giving a silent vote. And to what does this amount under the circumstancos ? Is he less of a traitor than his colleague Mr. Wedge? Did he not sit silently by, and listen to that poor driveller, bartering away the interests of his constituents, for the mere sake of being recognised as a joint in the ministerial tail, without saying one word in reply ? When he appears before his constituents for re-election in October next, he will probably make his vote for this £1,000 one of, the grounds of his appeal for their support. But does he suppose thom so shallow as to be deluded in this way ? He is as blameable for his silence, as the other is for his speech. Wo think nothing of their votes. They both knew which way the matter was to end before the discussion came on. Throughout the whole of this proceeding the citizens have been mode the victims of a disreputable trick. When this main line of railway was sot on foot, the government wore at the bottom of it, and they hoped to use it as a uieaus whereby they might bring iuto disrepute what was being done of a similar kind in another direction. But wliou they found that the citizens took the matter in earnest, and that they had raised a ghost which they could not lay, they botook them 1 selves to all sorts of devices with that object in view, of which this is the last. Wo would venture to predict, however, that they are no nearer the end now thau they were two years ago. They have doue this time what ought to cost two members for the city their seats before parliament next meets, whether it does or not. If the constituency of tho dis- trict of Hobart are as sincere and as earnest on this point as we believe them to be, every election should be niado to turn on it. Without that, we do not see what hope they can entertain of success. We are not at all surprised to find that the government bave withdrawn the ninth and tenth clauses of their waste lands act amendment bill. This they professedly did lost evening under the influence of a pros sure from without, but they now intend to ask for a loan bill to cover the deficiency on the general revenue for 1860, to tho amount they proposed to take from the road districts. This will not be so liable to the charge of repudiation, but it will be no less a violation of the distinct pledges ou which they took omeo. Their insane cry then of " No more debentures," is now turned into "Moredebentures," "and still more," without our well seeing to what this is to lend. It will, of course, bo a sourco of satisfaction to the ratepayers in the road districts to find that their grants in aid are not to be taken away either this year or next. But let not the gol eminent flutter themselves with the belief that this concession will soon alby tho irritation to which their late absurd conduct lins so uumistakably led. 