TEE 8. P. G. MEETING AT SALISBURY. A great gathering of the great Missionary Society of the Church of England cannot be other than an interesting ocoasion. But when there are, to use a word wh:ch is becoming alangib, A" apecialties" or " specialities" about a missionary meeting-such as the circumstances that it is held under the shadow of Salisbury spire, preasided over by the most active and estimable Bishop on the Bench, eMlivaoed by a "special" burst of eloquence from one of the moat versatile speakers of the English Episcopate, and weighted by what is styled " a noble oration of Christian edoquence" from an ex.Secretary of State and thebs representative of one of our famous Universities-it possesses peculiar and extraordinary claims on public attention. All things considered, the recent S. P. G. meeting at Salisbury, as these assemblies are familiarly called, has an importance beyond a common diocesan connourne of clergy and laity. Still, it is to be criticized -and challenges criticism-it must be taken on its essentials as well as its accidents. A missionary meeting, even .under the most sedate auspices and regu lated by that good taste which only occasionally accom. panies the good feeling that always prompts the managers and speakers, must still be a missionary meeting. It must be made, if not mildly amusing, at least attractive. The attractiveness of the Salisbury meeting was of a higher pitch than what the devotees of ESreter Hall are accustomed to. Instead of the conventional dialogue acted In character, and with a faint recollection of the late Mr. Mathews-between '" Massa" and docile darkey, we had a glowing panegyric on the virtues of that excel. lent lady Queen Emma, Dowager of Honolulu; and we must my that "Her Majesty" is an advance on the well worn intelligene oaf Quashee. But there was a faint trace, even in the Salisbury Guildhall, of the mild draught of diluted fun which is supposed to be necessary to the advocacy of the misstonary cause. Bishop Berkeley ascended from tar water to the doctrine of the Trinity, and though the Bishop eof Oxfod, according to the reporter, 'perorated a telling speech with bli ac customed felicity" on the mysterious advent of the great Antibchrist, he commenced his oration by chaffling the pomeling speakers on their stimulated humility, whirh his LoMrdohip took care not to emulate. Even the excel lent Bishbop of Salisbury, who is not usually remarkable for the exercise of the eis comisa, "brought the Itert atirring meeting to a close by a few humourous and happy remarks," of which the jokes have not been preserved. There was, however, enough of the more solid pieces of ristancee in this religious banquet to balance the whipped remam of Episcopal humour ; and with thesre weightier dishes the public is most concerned. The great snucess in the Propagation Society has been undoubtedly the extension of the Colonial Episcopate, supplemented very recently by the foundation of several purely miasaosary episcopatea in partibse. But though the Colonial Episepate is a preclous ointment, it has its fly. Bishop Colenso is one of its fruaits, and the bitter apple has been made the most and the worst of by the S. P. G.': detrators and rivals. It is, therefore, notvery unatuJatl for the advocates of the S. P. G. to touch on this deliscate ground. The S. P. 0. has to show to friends uand enemies alike that it is not responsible for Bishop Colenso's aepeculations, and that the recent decision of the Privy Conocil is sather a gain than otherwise to tihe mitsionry eanse. Mr. Walpole broke this, which he rightlyoatled, delicate ground, but be only scratched the treacherous surface. He said, and with truth, that while wprks attacking the faith are forgotten, the replies to them .are among the most treasured possessions of the Church. Ifisquite true that Hooker is more familiar to us than Cartwrightt.and Travers; but Mr. Walpole did not deal wth the fset that, somehow or other, silently andunnsten. tatiausly, ihe educated mind of Europe has dropped all .thes principles with regard to the supernatural which, hmres or four senturies ego, were accepted without cavil or sidtatio,? andatbateven the Church now timidlyproclaims "what, it other days and under other circumstances, was psever eendoubted. It is no answer, and ought to be no :assanar, to those who ask from thie Chrheb of England Sdefanite doctrine of inspiration, to he told that Hooker estCartwright, when both Hooker and Cartwright were aread that veary word of the Bible was divinely and persaturally dictated. We are doing Mr. Walpole the . tftstice ofattributiog to him ignorance of the significance of the" presentcontest with inudelity," but we remark that be did not present that contest with anything like fullness r peisoli aon tothe Salisbury clergyand lairty. He said thatsour missionarnes must not go out to the heathen with ihe nation that they need assent to no distinctive teaching. .varybody admits this. In one sense Bishop Colenso's teachiug is very distinctive. But when hir. Walpole prce?s? to s?ay that our nmiaionaries most go out with Ahe Artielc, Liturgy, and Canons of the Church of England, with the Bible in one hand and the great divines in the other, the thought suggests itself that this is exactly bhat we have done, and thai we have not gained much by it. The present nations of Christendom were not won to :io-the Gospel by the XXXIX Articles, nor even by -ooker, Pearson and Bull. The Bishop of Oxford went nmuch neirer to the kernel of the question when he hinted Sthat'the judgement of the Privy Council was valuable ecanaoe it set free the transmarine Churcbes " to work as -'bIy will in all the enegy of Apostolic faith." He said lhat now that the golden bands of the State are loosened, S olonial churches are independent. But they must be idependent of something more than State control; they .ust be independent oTinsular and Anglican and church. -arden and family- pew traditions. Anglican missions atve failed, noi because Anglican Bishops have bad their patents drawn at the Colonial Office, but because they r.ae imparted to the intellectual indoos and the rode N ewZealanders not obly the words, but the ideas, of our l.o'clock service on Sunday morning-all thisn bloc a? nothing more. It will be a rude shock, but sooner or a* it mnut come, to the subscribers to tch Propagation S-ociy and to the Church Missioonry Society to be atsured that, fthey intend to evangelize the world, they must use *asponl which bpve not been forged for the parochial S.-yisem of the Church of England as by law established. I;t i not from the smallness of the invading army, but because it Isnot properly armed, that our little host does . icttle. Cbritianity began with only twelve invaders of d9 Roman Empire. It is perhaps hardly to be expected t? i the Biahop of Oxford should say this, though what p: i'adia is not inconsistent with saying this; but we may I *ore reasonably complain that-showing, as the Bishop's ph showed, his entire conviction that the Church of ilgland both at home and abroad must, as they say, S Iopt the situation-his Lordship did not adequately, -apa did not fairly, represent that situation to the iallnry audience. The Bishop perhaps did not give himelf time to enter fully into topics with which the tmeti4g was concerned, because he spent so much on .ubjects whihb were certainly not within his range. Tihe spolitl e of India, and Colonial Government generally, are interesting matters of discussion; but their place is not .-in misionary meeting. The kingdoms of the world and Sthe Kingdom of the Church ought to be kept separate and our Bishops exhibit wisdom by keeping within their , iV mate sphere. The eloquence wasted on non-elerical s. bje?? might have been better spent on that aspect of misnions which alone concerns the Church-the practical 'pa nd fcles'astical one. For example, let us take what he said about New Zea laund. ToIn New Zealand the Church of England has had the Saireat opportunities. Bishop Selwyn is a man of whom sumanhity, as well as Christendom, may be justly gssad. We doubt whether higher virtues or more laboricus exertsios were ever exhibited byspostles and martyrs than :sy many of the men who have for the last twenty years lab7?ured in New Zealand. The sarbarous aborigioes ex Isted a Bae type of natural solid virtues. And what is isa reamltl Not so much that the Christianity of the eaverted nations is only skin-deep, as that it is capable ot'evolving a wild and outrageous snatlicism infinitely more mischiaevoa than fetish worship itself. This fact to be accounted for. We do not say that it is a re. jraeh tothe missionaries, but it is no answer to tile dil. lty to say that William Thompson, the king-maker, hight have been worse had he not been a Christian, when uesqeation is, why men who are Christians murdered tcnpetor, and developed from their own Christian con. nidaoaeas a bloody religion in comparison with which ormonism is rational It is quite true, as the Bishop Oxford said, that the state of things in New Zealand is lpan Church people to interest themselves more in lipstter; but the question is, not whether we are to go toj more of what we have already done in New Zes hubat whether we ought not to face the difficult doubt her what we have done has been the right thing. So, abhut India. We should like to hear Bishop Cotton's plan, and Dr. Kaye's opinion, whether they think the esion of the Indian would be a bit nearer if, by the 'toverland mail, all thle 20,000 clergy of the Churchl of gledcould hbeimported into lindostan. What causes jrehension to thoughtful men about English missionary lias not so much its quantity as its quality. Bishop Iberfore, we believe, sees this as well as we do. But an he comes to the remedy for the failure wrich he -otbut acknowledge, we have only the the time- hon b formulau-Unity and Catholicity, as eIe marks of a e Church which, denying the usurpations of Rome, atlis the faith in its integrity. This is the symbol of Church of England-the definition of the Chlurch oh examining chaplains expect and require. But as nople out often will understand it, it only means a;eportation of Anglicanism as itstands. Anglicanism tatands has been tried in the tropics and at thle anti sand with what results we all know. Church .dlry .tolls us that different races oand languages hlave loped each its own type of religion. Clristiauity has -or it could wot have been what it is-an assimilating hl.adapting power and function. This uusnt go on. ~ e to expect new and flourishing native Churches in tire four quarters of the globe, they will be very different, in character, feeling, habits, sod thoughts, from the Churches of Europe. There is an old churchyard at Highgate which must ,ot be confounded with the cemetery, and which stands in the centre of of thie village close by tile site of the celebrated gate itself. At present all is confosion within its walls, for a new church is to be built, ard the dead are being freely moved to make room for the necessary ; operations. Among thie dead in that ground, says tihe Pall Atll Gatelte, are Samuel Taylor Coleridge, and his nephew, Henry Nelson Coleridge, whose remains just lie opposite tie iron gate whie fcces the road. To prevent any interference with their graves, it has been determined at considerable cost to build tile chapel on en open crypt, like that at Lincoln's-inn. Under the centre of the crypt is Coleridge's grave untouched, ord it will not in any way be disturbed. It is a very simple tomb. A flight of steps descends to the vault, which is fronted with soan iron grating, behind whirh are little square marble tablets, with simpl initials, marking the feet of the cof?in--S. T. C. (Samuel Taylor Coleridge), tihe poet ; 8. C. (Sarah Coleridge), his daughter; H. N. C. (Henry Nelson Coleridge), her husband; and lastly, H. O. (Herbert Coleridge), the grandson, who was buried there so late as 1861. The latter was only 30 years of age, snd had afforded the greatest promise by his Oxford career, and subsequent literary productions, of adding fresh bays to one of rtho most brilliant names in English literature Mr. Consul Cameron, who has been so long con fined by the Emperor of Abyssinia has been at length released. Mr. Raesaam, who was despatched in the first place to Massowah to proonre the free dom of the unfortunate captive has, after almost in finite delays, sueceeded in effecting the purpose of his mission. He has telegraphed to the Foreign office from Snez announcing his arrival there, and the liberation of Captain Cameron from his confnement. The happy result of his labours will be welcomed by all, and by none more than by the persons who were actually on their way or were preparing to depart with the object of seconuding Mr. Ranssam's negotiations. It is well known that shortly before the rising of Parliament arrangements were made with Mr. Palgrave, the Arabian traveller, to proceed to Abyssinia, and so to work upon the emperor as to procure the release of Consul Cameronfrom captivity; and since the disso lution a new movement hls been projeted with the same object. Mr. Beke lad voluntarily offered to uon dertake a mission to the Emperor Theodore, relying for sueeeas upon his knowledge of the country sqied by former visits, asd upon Iris acquaintance with the character of the emperor. The success of Mr. Eassam las made it unneeessary that Mr. Palgrave should pro ceed any further on his journey, or that Mr. Beke bshould atart upon his enterprise. The cattle pslague is increasing in the neighbourhood of London, and breaking out so places where it had not appeared before. The followang letter from Lord Granville to the editor of the Timer will be read with interest on this painful subject:-" On my return from Coburg I requested my bailiff to draw up a statement of what had occurred during my absence at a farm which I hire at Golder's.green, three miles from the IRegent's-park, on the Finchley.road. Having perfect conaidene in the aecuracy of Mr. Panter's sta(tekment, and thinking it may interest the public, I forward it to you,for publication. When Ileft England a month I ago there were about 180 milch cows in four sheds. In the two largest and best managed I found only one cow yesterday. His Royal Highness the Duke of oborg informed me last week that what be believed to be the same disease visited Coburg ]ast year. Zo one could trace ite origin, nad no medical treatment was successful. Air and water were their only remedies. Some men had died from eating the meat killed at a particular stage of the disease. His royalhobnets had seen a horse die in four hours, killed by ties which came from the careso of a cow which had been allowed to remain above ground. The disease disappeared in the autumn as mysteriously as it had come. T~E Dowes MmanE YosnneaE.--Eli Bykes, a private in the 29th (Dewsbury) Ride Volunteer Gorps, has been brought up beforero the magistrates at Dewsbury for final examination, on the charge of mur dering Hannah Brooke, aged eighteen, his sweetheart, and Barah, her mother, a widow, of sixty-three years, at Barley, on the 19th of August. From the evidence of Rannah Hirst, a late companion of the deceased Hannah Brooke, it appeared that Sykes had said to her on a previous day that he loved Brooke sincerely, and on witness making a reply he said, "This young man is coming from Wakefield on Saturday" (meaning a per son named Ashton, to whom deceased had a liking). He had his list in his hand at the time, and he struck it against the chair and said, "If I can't have her no one else shall." Witness said to him, "Eli, I think yo ar going out of your mind," and Sykes then said, "You'll see. The prisoner was quite sober, and did not seem excited when he used the above expressions. Mr. Superintendent Martin said that when the prisoner was brought to the poli-ctllee, and after he had been cautioned, beosid, "I feeleasierin my mind now Ihave done it than I did afortnight ago." Afterwards in the rell the prisoner made a confesion of his guilt. He was fully committed to take his trial at the ensuing Leeds Assizes on the two separate charges of wilful murder. Another case of attempted murder by a soldier is reported. This time the scene is at Eaglan-barraeeke, Devosport. Patrick Shirley, a sergeant in the 28th Reiment, sged 27 years, was in the barrack-room to which he belonged, standing by the winadow cRombing his heir, when Private Michael Foy, of the same regi. meat, who was in the opposite eorner, took deiberate aim and fired at him. The poor fellow said, " Os, dear," and caught hold ofa soldier standing by his side, and then turning round, said, "Confine that man," pointing to the men Foy. It was found on esxami nation that the bullet entered the right side, and came out just below the breast bone on the same side. The sergeant was at once removed to the military hospital. The injuries are very slighlt at present, but if infam- mation sabould ensue there is no knowing what the consequences might be. The reason of the committal of the act is supposed to be that the sergeant reported the man a few days previously for refusing to get out ofbed, for whirl he had extra drill imposed on him. Foy has been committed for trial. Ropes are enter tai~ed of the sergeant's recovery. A woman named Emma Spearing, whose husband, a soldier, died some two or three years ago, has been for several months in the employ of Captain Draper as cook. During Monday night she must have given birth to a child, and on the following morning she got up and lighted the fire as ausual She then placed the body upon tile fire, and commenced burning it. A fello?? servant named Harris came down stairs while Spearing was blowing the firo. Harris saw the child on the fro and removed it with a poker. Tie mother, exaspe rated at the discovery, took thie child from Harris, and literally tore it limb from limb! Harris made an alarm, and Captain Draper immediately sent for a policeman, and for Mr. Morse, surgeon, of Crewkernc. ThDe medical opinion was that the woman had been recently delivered but that the child had not been born alive. The mother was put to bed, and the coroner communicated with.-Bristol Daily Post. A MoDroear s lrr l mt.-Wiliam Stevens, a cleaner of engiee on tihe Bristol and Exeter Hailway, wee brought before the Taunton Police-court for in volving tie mail train in a perilous situation. His duty was to clean an engine called the Busy Bee every even ing after the work of the day, and at half-past 3 on the following morning to light thle fire so that steam could be got up by sir o'clock, and the laboure ofanotherday commenced. On no account was he to meddle with the machinery or attempt to more the train-the driver laying on the fire and flling the boiler with a suficient quantity of water. The cleaner, however, took a sin gulnr freak into his head, and determined to have a midnight ride if possible. Accordingly about midnighpt he lighted the fire of the engine, got up the steam, and started the engine, he being the only passenger. Up and down the line he tore for two mortal hours, and not exactly knowing hew to compressetha steam, it blew off' in all directions, shrieking fearfully, and alarming the inhabiteants living near the line of railway. The watchman on one of the bridgaes was sorely affrighted at seeing an engine tearing madly along, barkwsrds and forwards, with a solitary white face upon it, and he came to the conclusion, in the darkness of the night, that either a ghost or the Evil One himself, had ob-h tained tle mastery over it. In one of his excursions LSteeves was about to enter the main line of the Bristol and Exeter Railway, but he fortunately heard the noise of the approach of a night mail from London. A minute or two later and the consequoeces would have beeoon fearful to contemplate. At length, tired of hisi ride, he took the Busy Bee back to the station, and lay down by the side of it to await the arrival of the driver. At half-past 4 the driver resched the scene, but when about 100 yards from it tise eugine blow up with a fearful eaplosion, the cleaner having neglected to put more water into tile boiler. Thie most remarkable part of the story remains to be told. The cleaner, though close to the engine, was uninjured, owing to lying dowo. He certainly was frighstened, the driver asserting tisat wheu hlie came up to him his hair stood on end "like quills upon thle fretful porcupine." For this freak he was sentenced to a month's imprisonment, with hard labour. In responding to the toast of the "'Housee of Com moons" at a recent banquet in Birminghlam, Lord Stanley gave the following account of hlis eperienac of that assembly. "I have sat in that House for nearnly seventeen years, and I can say with pefoeot truth that the longer I have known it the higher has it rison my respect for its ability and for its common sense. The House, so long as I have known it, has always shown a marvellous tact, almost approaching to an instinct, in discerning wbs were likely to contribute anything, and who were merely got up to waste time and to air their vocabulary. (Laughter.) I have heard speak, with real fluency and eloquence in their way, men of that kind who are described as having great command of language--(lughter)-lwhen probably it would be cor rect to say that language had great command of them -(laughter)--benusoe they have about as mu:h com. mand over it as a man hias over a runaway hIorse--men of that class whom I ohave heard described as not know ing what they were going to say when they got up, not knowing what they were soying when thoy were on their legs, and not knowing what they had said when they sat down. (Laughter.) I say I have known many men of that sort left to declaim to empty benches, while you would have 500 members litenoting in silent respect to somebody else who certainly had not the gift of oratory, who brought hise entences out head foremost or tail foremost, as the ease might be, until you won dered how it was possible for a man to speak such bad grammer. But the secret was that they found out that one man had nothing to tell them except thei com mon-places they all knew before, but that the other man, however awkwardly and uncoouthly he might do it, really had it in his power to contribute some new idea to the disceusion that was going on, and intended to do it. (Hear, hear.) No man can obtain a leading position in the House of Commons without passinlg through a competitive examination ofa very rigid and toying kind. (Hear, hear.) It is a trial of physical strength and endurance; it is a'triat of patience and of temper; it is a trial of readiness and of fluency; it is a trial of thorough and accurate knowledgo--(hear, hear)-but last, and chiefly of all, it is a trial of com mon sense and of knowledge of the world. (Hear, hear.) Ifa man fails notoriously in any of these par ticulars, but more especially if he fails in the last, he may do very well elsewhere, buht hIe is not a man who can take a leading part in the House of Commons. Now, only one word ore I suppose there is no popular assemby that has ever nejoyed so much respect and ex ercised so much power as the English House of Com mons. Now, why is that P It is because the great majority of that House is composed of men who have nothing to fear and nothing to gain from any ministers -(bhoar, hear)--nd who can, therefore, folloaw a minis ter without servility, and oppose him without asperity. (Applause.) While that remains the character of the House of Commons, I for one am not afraid it will ever lose that position it now holds in the public opinion." (ianlause.) A banquet was given at ?awaorden an September 13 by the parishioners, in celebration of the return to Par liament of Mr. W. H. Gladstone, son of the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The right hen. gentleman wras present himself, and delivered an address, in the course of which, speakig of his son, he said:?-"It is not for me to speak in tlus company of the qualitiesof my son. I noticed the little jibes and jeers which were passed upon him during the Chester contest, and one of those jests was his infantine stature, and want of physical development. [Loud laughter; lr. W. H. Gladstone being a much bigger man than his father.] As far as regards that one particular, whalt"we call'ocular de monstration' is qute enough. I thinLk upon the average of the persons in this pariseh, or any other parish of the country, he certainly will pass muster very well. But with regard to his mental qualities, and, what is even more, with regard to his character, with regard to his conscience, and tIe principles by whilch he means to he guided in life, I can only tell yoe that, my son though he be, I would bare been no party to recommendin?g him to the favourable notice of the citizens of Cheoster if I had not believed--nay, known-that if he became the object of their selection he would not disgrace their choice." "A very pretty quarrel has arisen," says thie Pall. Mall Gazette, "between the Postmaster-General and the South Australians. The cusm belli is rather complicated, originating, as far as we can make out, in a contract into whlich Lord Stanley of Alderloy has entered witlh the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navi. pation Company on behalf of New South Wales, New Zealand, and South Australia, without consulting the wishes or the interests of the latter colony. Tihe South Australians complain that the Peninsular and Oriental steamers are abominably slow and never keep their time, and insist that their letters shall be delivered at Kan. goaroo Island, which causes a deviation of about 100 miles from the direct route to Victoria. But Lord Stanley is unwilling that this deviatiot should be made, and has arranged that the South Australian mails slalal be deposited in St. George's Sound at the P. and O.'s coaling station near Cape Leewin, a thou sand miles from Adelaide, and that the South Aus tralians shall send thithler to fetch them at their own expense and risk. Tihe Postmaster-General thrceatens that, if his proposal is not accepted, tio postage of letters to and from South Australia shall be raised to 8s. an ounce, with the further menouae that it will in all probability be raised still higher, and that he may even give orders ' that at no rate of postage shall any letters for South Australia, except olfficial despatches, be sent by the mail packet.' As might have boeen anticipated, language of this kind Ilos not acted like oil on the South Australian waves, and the Adelaide House of Assembly has come to some very strong resolutions on the sub' ject. The Peninsular and Oriental steamers are so justly in disfavour with all the Austratiau colonies that the South Australians will probably be cordially backed up in their resistance to Lord Stanley's edicts, the more especially as the French postal steamers come right up to Gtalle, and will only be too ready to accept any contracts whichl the colonists may offer them." (The foregoing is stale as to facts, but thie toone of the remarks may probably be taken as a pretty fair indi cation of wsat home opinion is on the subject.--Q. T.) ExTsoA-anoBr FEAT AT SEA.-A remnarkable ex ploit, exhibiting daring and presence of mied of no ordi nary lcharacter, was performed recently on board the ship Mindanao, homeward bound from lqeiquo to Liver pool. It appears that wheu the ship was to the south and eastward of Cape Horn she sprang a leak, and made to the extoent of sixinches of water in an hour. The vessel was placed in considerable danger, mund it wnas only by constant pumping that the leak could be kept down. After the pumping had continued for about etx weeks, the vessel being then about two degrees north of the Equator, it was considered desirable to ascertain if possible the position of the leak. With this object, Mr. William Howitt, theochief officer, rolunteered to go overboard and examine the vessel. Having dived into the sea, he looked along the bull of the ship, and ulti mately found that a water bolt on the starboard side of the upper rudder band had worked out, and this caused the leak. On reaching the surface, the diver directed the carpenter to makeo astout wooden plug, and lmving obtained it, he again descended. Having inserted the plug in the bolt hole, lwhence tie leak originated, he succeeded in striking it with hlis hand, to fir it lempor. arily, and was obliged to come up immediately for res piration. A third time he descended, taking with hlim a hammer, with whichl he struck the plug, fixing it as firmly as circunastances would permit. That his efforts were successful was proved by the fact that the leakage of the ship ceased, and she made no more than the usual quantity of water, three- quarters et an inch, during thie remainder of the voyage. The plug still remains in tie ship. The depth that he reached in diving under thle vessel was about six or seven feet, the difliculty of tinhe operation being increased by the rising and falling of thie ship coesequent on tlhe srell wheich prevailed at the time. SIr. Howitt is, as may be supposed, an excellent swimmer, and has been instrumental in saving the lives of several persons from drowning.-tLiverpool Mercuru. Tihe buoys whichl were to mn'k thle plmace whee the Atlantio telegraphl cable was lost hare disappeared. The British gunboat Urgent, whichl arrived at Halifex on the 15th of September, reported that sine passed tie place lwhere the buoys were said to be locked, but sawn' nothing of them, and believed that they lhad drifted. The Reuso.American telegrphs is reported to hare been commenced at various poiets. Tns Mltnuos OF tJaon Do 'tnE.-Curric, thie murderer of Major De Vere, hlas boun brouglht to trial at the Central Criminal Court. Mr. Justico Sheo pro sided, and the evidence given was merely a eorroborn. tion of the facts narrated in theeaccount ofthe nefariouns transaction, as given in our last issue. So clearly was thie crime brought home to the prisoner that his counsel, Mr. Sleigh, could only suggest that he acted under an insane impulse, and was not responsible for his aset. Thie jury, however, could see no evidence of this, and after a deliberation of 10 minutes, they returned a ver dict of "Guilty." Thie judge, hi a short but striiing address, entenced the prisoner to be hlanged at a place to be afterwards appointed. During the funeral of Major de Vere, R E., at Aslea ton, county Limerick, thie shops in tile town were closed, and the regrets of en. "easantry were evinced by a pro cession of 800 farmers on ;:asebsack, who volulntsrily headed the cavalcade, in addition to the tenautry of Sir Vet de Vere, Bart., the brother of the doocesed. 