THE NEW STATE OF NEVADA. (From the A'ew York Herald,[So ei.be -2 ), The . proclamation of-President Lincoln,' published on Monday, absorbs the terri tory of Nevada, with its untold wealth of riches ■_ in gold, • silver and. other minerals, into the ever swelling bosom of the United States.' Nevada, but yester day an isolated place on which but little public interest concentrated;' has' sudr denly become a place of paramount im portance," as. a new: and'valuable state of the. Union. The -act of -Congress authorising . the President! vitorrdo. this thing was approved on • the 21st March, 186 L l!y this act the people of that territory had the full option; to form' a State Government, after which it was provided that tho new St'ato should be admitted into the Union ' upon an equal footing with the original States iii all respects. The act defines the limits of tho State, and declares that | slavery, except as a punishment for con victed crime, shall not bo permitted to exist there. The State, until the next general census shall be taken, is entitled to one representative in the House of Representatives oftke. United States. The other provisions of the act go to, establish the authority of the United States in every respect where it is com patible with the rights assigned by the State constitution.— The State is .-. called " Nevada," " from the old Spanish nomenclature, that word signifying "snowy," from the word " iiieve," which means snow in the (jas tiliari language. The territory was orga nised on tlid 2nd of March, 1S61. The capital, now the chief city of the State, is Carson City. The whole estimated area of the country embraced in the new state is 83,500 square miles, and in 1S63 its whole population was put down at -10,000. . It embraces that portion of the public domaiu lying within the one hundredth and fifteenth degree of longi tude west from Greenwich (or the thirty:eighth west from Washington) and the western boundary of California, and between - the thirty-seventhand forty second parallel of North latitude, which, separates it from Arizona. It is immediately cast of California and west of—Utah. .The . surface in. the- eastern part is mountainous, being traversed by the Sierra Nevada, or "Snowy Moun tains" of California. Gold- is/abundant there, both in quartz veins and placers. In fact, the whole territory" is one mass' of mineral wealth. Of its ten counties seven have already proved their claims ^uxibeTconsidered- unfailinggoldaud-sUver. deposits',"and it is generally known that some of the richest silver mines of the United States are to be found in Storey county. In the year 1862, that county sent a contribution of 222,022 dols to the sanitary commission in eight mas sive silver bars, five of which weighed one hundred and eleven pounds each. Quicksilver, lead, and antimony are here found in great abundance. The Coni stock mines, in Storey county, were the first silver mines which attracted atten tion. The principal towns are Virginia City, having, in November, 1863; an estimated population of 10,000, and the place of most business in the late ter ritory ; J Carson City, the territorial capital, 2500 inhabitants ; Silver City, in Lyon county, 1000 inhabitants; Gold Hill,. Storey comity,1500 inhabitants ; Washoe City, and Ophir, Washoe county, Star City, and Unionville, Humboldt county; and Cenea, Douglas county; Aurora, Esmeralda county, 5000 inhabitants ; and Austin, Lander county, 2500. The'extraordinary rich-1 ness of the silver mines in Lander county increased the population there from 201 in October ! S62 to over 6000 in October 1863.'- An -immense ■ discovery lias recently been made, being nothing less than an extensive basin, of the purest rock salt.' " This basin, five miles square, near |the sink of Carson River, says a | gentleman who writes from Virginia City, " appears once to have been the bottom of a lake, and the salt is found | good even on the surface. A cover ing of about three inches is loose and indifferent, but beneath tliis for; a 'depth of 14 feet, pure rock salt is found as clear as ice, and white 'as .driven, snow.' : Beneath there is water, which seems to be filtered through salt for an unknown depth. The whole of the 14 feet in thickness docs not contain a single streak of any deleterious matter "or rubbish, and is ready for quarrying .and sendingto-market. Great .blocks of the pure stuff , can be raised the same as if it were ice or stone; on ..exposure, however, \it Scrambles sufficiently to' admit of being closely;..packed - in... socks: or. wag gon boxes." The principal; river of Nevada, the Humboldt, a mere thread of a river, rises among the mountains of Utah, and after" creeping: along west wardly. across the desert in its sinuous conrse of 300 miles, black and acrid from tlio mineral substance with which it is charged, it sinks in a slough in the sands, near the foot hills of the Sierra Ncvada, as if abandoning in disgust its vain struggle to reach; the sea. Yet this ghost- p£ a river, from its . watery, such as it' is, "and from its grassy margin, a green-' ribbon winding across the desert, and from the stunted willows which fringe its banks, has been, is, .and always will be, regarded as a special gift of Providence, for the purposes of emi gration and tade. across the great desert basin of Utali, cast arid west. It is the only route. across that basin, from the Gre'at'1'Salt-' Lake west to Nevada and California; for there is no other by which a caravan can secure the necessary water .or grass for its animals -or fuel for cooking.: ■ 