HOME CORRESPOT'TnENrnS I From our London CoiTespondent-I Loncbu, April 26,1865.. It is impossible to give you anything like an adequate conception of the shock which the deutU ofCobden has sent, not only throughout England, but all through the Continent. Hie had been ailing for some monthe, and hie fast speech at Rcclidale had brought on a return of his old ailment of bronchitis. He could not make his appearance in Parliament. Wrr Bright went down to Midhuret to consult him concerning the policy which should be pursued on the Canadian defences question, and as a result of this interview M r. Cobden came to town with the intention, if possible, of taking part in the debate. But the weather—that bitter winter weather of which I have written ta my last two letters—prostrated him. Xhcdieease rapidly increased, and on Sunday morning, April 2, just as the people were going to church, Richard Cobden entered to worship in the house not made with hands. Big end was happy and peaceful, and, as all should wish, he died without a struggle, with his wife and family and John Bright by bis side—the latter overpowered more than woman with, the intensity of his grief. No one oat of a small circle knew of this event until Monday morning, when, every journal appeared wiih the startling anuonoce tnent in foreboding black type, "Death of Bichard Cabden." Many, as soon as tfaey saw those words, "dropped the paper from their hands and could read no more. Mr.'Cobden was buried, on the Friday fol lowing his death, in Lavington Churchyard^ Sussex, in the grave where his only son was buried a few years ago. Lavington is a beautiful old Sussex village, and uearto Mr. Cobden's residence; and the churchyard, like that at Harrow, is on an eminence overlooking a splendid expanse of hill and dale, lucre some hundreds of his personal and political friends went to follow him to his grave—Me. Gladstone, Mr. Bright, Mr. Milner Gibson, and nearly a hundred other members of the House of Commons ; Mr. Miall, Mr. Morley, Dr. Birch, and the Iter. Newman Hall, con spicuous Nonconformists ; Dr. Hock, Dean of Chichester, of the Church; and deputations of Mayors, Aldermen, and Councillors from all the principal towns in England. There was no show of any kind. The funeral was as plain and unostentatious as the man himself had been. The attendance at it was spontaneous and altogether tin arranged. One Peer was there, and the Court and Government, as each, were represented by two inferior officers—the brothers Pjget. Com ment on the last fact none has appeared, but the private comment has been plain and painful. If it had been some political Lord Dundreary, everbody knows that there would have been solacing messages from high quartos and a great demonstration of the Peerage at the grave. A public benefactor—tbe greatest of his age—dies and is hurried with less notice than a Government underling. I think nothing has occurred of late to create so wide a breach of feeling and Bjmpathy between the aristo cracy ar.d the people as this studied neglect of Bichard Cobden. Of course his name has not been mentioned in the House of Lords. He was only a Commoner, and had no "bloc blood" in his veins. Great and un expected tributes have, however, been paid to the memory of Mr. Cobden abroad.' His services have been eulogized with great warmth in tbe French Chamber, the President of which, after the speeches had been made, exclaiming, "Our regrets are unanimous. Let England know that our regrets are una nimous." The Emperor also has caused a letter to be written by M. Drouyn de Lhuys txpressive of the feeli. g of the French Government and people. Mr. Cobden's bust is placed amongst those of the great men of the Empire. Even as fir off as Prince Congo'-s dominions the feeling has extended, the Prince setting aside a day for a special religious .service to the memory of the great English man. Here at home, we see every day some fresh paragraph of Town Councils passing resolutions of sympathy, led by the Council of the City of London. The casts of statues are already being moulded, and laBf, not least, it has been re solved, amongst his own Manchester friends, to raise a fund of £20,030"for'fbe benefit of his family. Some have talked of a Parliamentary vote; but this, it is known, would have been distasteful to the man who would never iu his life receive a shilling of the State, and uniformly declined such honours "as it could give. Mr. Cobden died a poor man. His own made fortune he sacrificed in the free-trade agitation; that which was presented to him he lost in American securities 5 and his income has been, less for many years than that of thousands of retail tradesmen. The sum about to be raised will, it is considered, be sufficient for its pnr- ■ pose, and no more is required. The domestic public treat which has ex cited most interest since this lies been the election for the Borough of Rochdale, the seat for which became vacant by Mr. Cobden's death. "With what is generally considered to be something like a shameless indecency, a Tory candidate appeared in the field before even Mr. Cobden was buried. The election then became of national interest; and as it was known that the Tory party had been assiduously cultivating this hitherto most Radical borough, it was supposed that the con test would be a keen one. Mr. Brett, s barrister, was the man who sought to reverse the representation of the borough, and induoe it to pass a vote of condemnation on Mr. Cobden's public life. The Liberal party unitedly chose Mr. T. B. Potter, of Manchester a well known man, of Mr. Blight's school, and who was arranging to be returned for the next Parliament. Singularly enough Mr. Potter was the friend to whom .Mr. Cobden had addressed the last letter he ever wrote. Mt. Bright went almost from the grave of Mr. Cobden to take part in the contest,and delivered at Rochdale one of his most powerful speeches against the policy of the Conservative party. Mr. Brett also is an able speaker, and did his principles uo injustice by his advocacy of them. But the Rochdale people would not have him, and at the close of the poll Mr. Potter was announced to have been returned by a majority of 150, the numbers being for Brett 486, for Potter 646. Parliament having taken a holiday of nearly three weeks has done little, but just before it separated tor the Easter recess a third elaborate debate took place on tbe defences of Canada. The occasion was furnished on going into Committee of Supply, when Lord Elcho moved for copies of tbe correspondence on the subject between Ibis country and tbe Canadian Government. He con sidered that circumstances rendered abso lutely necessary a consideration of this grave subject. He showed that with respect to the share of Canada in Hub expense, nothing had been settled, and quoted Canadian intelli gence to the effect that the vote of £50,000 had been very ill received there; so ill received that Mr. Macdonald could not help stating to the Canadian Legislature that he believed these was a mistake in the figures, and that £500,000 was the sum. Lord Elcho believed that the best policy would be to vote nothing. Sir John Hay followed in the same direction. Mr. Adderley—a great authority with ns on colonial questions—took an opposite view, and con tended that Canada should be main tained as an independent power. Speaker after speaker followed, Sir John PaJdngton giviDg, perhaps, the most pronounced opinion in the following language: —■ " I do not regret the vote I gave (he other evening in favour of the Government propoai- ( tion. My opinion ia strong and decid d that ao long as Canada is loyal the cannot bo abandoned. 1 heard wish sorrow and with entire dissent the language made use o!' by the Tight hon. member (Mr. Lowe). I do not say that his policy is not entitled to credit for its prudence, and 'hat, perhaps, it might be better 1 with nations as 'with individuals if they were, j instead of ehoui -g fight, to run away. No doubt the running away would be cheaper than fighting. (Jin, no.) I am alluding to the language of tin- right lion, member for Calne, and I say his pjlicy is that of running away. : I cannot conceive any greater misfortune befalling eith r country or mankind generally than 8uch a war, and no Government ceuld do us a greater wr.-ug than to give the United States the slightest cause for quarrel; but, if auch a quarrel s.i.,ul,l be forced upon us, we should have but one course to adopt—namely, to meet it whh ;he whole force and power of the empire. I am surprised at a gentleman j rising in this ilciec to a-k whether in the event of war we should fight America iu Canada or j elsewhere. I say we must iu such an event fight the Uiiitt.i .I'tates wherever they ore vulnerable ; bur, above all, if Canada remain loyal it must 11 t be deserted. I entirely coincide with th> policy expressed on this point by the noble Lord (Lord Faimerston) ; and 1 must say that whatever difference of opinion {here n ay be between us cn other subjects, he is the last man iu this country who would ever auv-.e&re; the desertion of Canada by this country in the event of war with America." The debate came to nothing, but it will make a pan ful and irritating impression on the Canadian mind, which is just now peculiarly sensitive. And for good reason, for the magmficent and apparently successful con federation scheme has received a sudden and unexpected check, 'j he two Canada?, a3 you know, despite tinir local jealousies and inte —iuiii" i.L-ai jauicusies ana inte rests, were prepared to go heartily into this business, and lieii endorsed the schemebyforma] votes, and liaee appointed jour delegates ta proceed to England, two of whom only, however, care to ~ come, for it is now known that if they came they will be able to settle nothing. Xhe fact is that the other North Ann's icon provinces will not hear of it. The New Brui.swiekers have returned an immense m-.jority to their Legislature pledged against it. In Nova Scotia there is no feeling in its favour, or if there be it dares not now lind expression, not withstanding the great banquet of last ; t ,u-. Prince Edward's Island ii opposed to it. In Newfoundland no decision nas uteu come ic. These facts were recapitu lated by Mr. Addcrley in this debate, who threatened the provinces, amidst the cheers of the House, with the loss of the support of England if toe Peck ration scheme were not carried out. rI he Delegates, or Commissioners, from Canada will conic, but I have said they will, in the face of these difficulties, be able to agree upon nothing. One thing, however, will be forced upon them, namely, the commercial interests of England with "respect to the colonic3. The Times has lately written on this subject with a good deal of power, plainly warning the Canadians that if they want the money and the monetary sup port cf England they must not seek, at the some time, to tax Englishmen twice over, by keeping up thfir jnesout system of Customs duli s. The Ti.y-es preaches to them the doctrine of free trade, which, although it has seme able advocate? iu Canada, is not popular there. 5Tou will see the bearing of all this in your evrn position. What is "now said in respect to Canada has, and is intended to Lave, a much wider application. The relation of England to Iter colonial dependencies is a sub jret which is engaging much of the attention of our thinkers, writers, and statesmen, who will not have much diffi uity in framing a clear doctrine on the e:ilj:c\ The tendency of present thought in in the direction of Mr. Groldwin Smith's position, which is accepted by most of the middle class section of the community. It is seen that some day or other the old mother must lose all her children. Mr. G, Smith would hive her to cast them < ii now, believing that sell dependence will be the best for them. Abstract doctrines, however, do not govern practical statesmen $ and although some portion of Mr. Smith's reasoning is accepted, it will be many years bt lore any Government will propose to carry all of it into effect. We are theoretically, you know, in favour cf full civil and religious liberty, but it wi l be a long time before we get it in the perfect shape in which Mr. Mill represents those id sc. There has also been a formidable debate on the Irish Church, ir itiated by Mr. Dillurgl', who can pull the bill, but not so much to iiiake ft peal. The debate has very ir ueli let down this rather questionable institution, and the Liberation pircy received during its course a most unexpected adhesion in the person of Mr. Gladstone, who, without necessity, but evidently with premeditated purpose, delivered b8 elaborate ipeeih on the position of the Chnrch and the relation of any Liberal Go vernment to the question. He did not attempt to defend.the Church as bucIi. Ho enlarged on its anomaly and on its abuses, but he added tliat the Government could not deal with the ques tion because there was not sufficient public opinion to back them. His speech was of the name character as that delivered last session on the Beform question, in relation to which [ be held almost the same language. It is generally considered to be another bid for bis future leadership of the Badical party, and all the Tory journals have accordingly fottnpflpri him out of their ecclesiastical ranks tbey have long done so out of their poli tical—as an apostate and a renegade. I notice that the Noncomformist journals write with caution and distrust, and with a certain suspicion that Mr. Gladstone's acts will not correspond with his words. But he has given s great blow to the Irish Establishment, and, at the same time, to his own prospects for re election for Oxford University. Sensationalism has had its subjects thiB month, mostly, as usual, in connection with crime. The new sensation, however, we have had in the person of a lady preacher from the ranks of what the Saturday JLetiew calls ! » clandestine domesticity." Mrs. Thistlewood, a Toong, very beautiful, and very attractive lady, has been preachirg in tlie Marj lebone Institu tion and in the Polytechnic on Sunday after noons after exhorting the fashionable people of Paris. She was known originally as Laura Sell, and her advent on the denii w.onde world of London created some years ago a great sen sation. All the fashionable rouet of the West End were at her feet. By and by she met with 2ffr. Tbistlewoed, a young gentleman of a fortune variously represented at £10,000 and £80,000 a year, who married her. Led by curiosity and a desire for a new sensation, Mr. XhiBtlewood one day went to hear Bichard Weaver preach, and came from the preaching a religiously-disposed man. His wife went next, and she too was changed. Then the honors of her past life took hold of her, and the horrors also of those with whom she once associated. So constrained by conscience she became a preacher of the Gospel, and now is to be heard every Sunday afternoon, in eloquent and passionate language, earnestly exhorting people to forsake all sin. I believe her to be sincere, but I am sorry to believe that many do not think this, and that few seem to feel the influence of her work. Then we have had another great Bank trial or the Directors of the late Unity Bank againBt their Secretary, Mr. Ttrrv, and his assistant for a conspiracy to defraud them and the public by concocting false balance-sheets. This trial has lasted many days, and in the course of it some unwelcome facts were elicited with respect to the management of Banks—how they discount forged bills; how these and other biSe, months after they are known to be worth nothing, are regularly entered in the available assets of the establishment; how strait the capital oftea is, and what shifts the Directors are put to to be able to hold over; how the Directors work their own accounts, and so on. Public opinion and sympathy have gone all along in this trial against the Directors, and the verdict of the Jury was in favour of the defendants, with a censure of the manner in which the books were kept. Mr..Terry escaped without rebuke, and Mr. Alderman Mechi, of Tiptrec Hall notoriety, has been visited with very censorious- remarks. It ap pears, however, that he was a dupe, willing enough, and that all he did was for the best and with the best intention. If he became a debtor to the Bank, he has lost a large fortune in it; but, as you know, for a business aian to I lose a large fortune in this way, and in a con cern which the investigation appears to have ! been little batter than a swindle—although nobody can be said to be the swindler—is quite enough for his reputation. | We have another supposed murder case also, in which a doctor in Gi.sgow, Dr. Pritchard, has been accused of poisoning his wife and mother-in-law. Both these died rather sud denly, and within a short time of each other. A little while after Mrs. Pritchard's death suspicions were aroused, and on information the doctor was taken into eu stody. The bodies lave been exhumed, and antimony has been found in both. The conclusion at present is that neither died a natural death. Pritchard will no doubt be committed for triaL Sufficient evidence of motive seems to be wanting. Pritchard was in remarkably good practice, and be would not get but rather lose something by his wife's death. On the other hand, it is said that the police have got on the track of a correspondence of his with a young lady in Glasgow, a heiress with a large fortune, and that the motive may be found htre. The case, when tried, will uo doubt be one of considerable interest. Still more ! The Pellizzioni trial has ter minated in the acquittal of the prisoner and his subsequent free pardon. You will remem ber that he was found guilty of murder, in the easehf a brawl at a public-house, on Saffron Ilill, when a man named Harrington was stabbed. One celebrated Italian photographer did not credit the witnesses on this trial, and managed to do what the police did not do, and did not choo-e to do—track the man who actually struck the blow—a cousin of Pelliz zioni—who after doing it had escaped to Birmingham. This matt was tried and found guilty of manslaughter only. Pellizzioni was therefore reprieved, but put upon a second trial for unlawfully wounding. The Jury, after a three days' trial at the Old Bailey Sessions, found j hitn innocent, and lie-was at once set free. The circumstances of this case have created a strong prejudice against the police. It became evi dent that they had deliberately withheld evidence and witnesses when they became convinced that they had taken the wrong man; that they chose rather to get an inuocent man made guilty of murder and to have him hung rather than they should be found to have made a fatal blunder. Thanks to Mr. Ncgretti, who has borne ail the expense of the late prosecu tion and dtfence, they have been exposed, and justice has been done. Coruiug upou the Cornhill robberies, and on some smallcr.freaks of this body, it may be said that they are not now very popular, and that Sir Richard Mnyne is under a cloud. The Cornhill robbers, by-the-hy have all been convicted. A year ago you would have had them in Australia, and then you would have made the acauaiutance of a /sane of the ! mcst clever burglars in the world. So you se< how much you tiave saved in one case by youi decisive action with respect to the transporta tion question. This morning we had another sensation in the news that trances Kent, the half- sister oi the httle boy who was murdered at Kosd five : years ago, and whose death caused soch a great commotion on account of the mystery involved in it, had delivered herself up at Bow street yesterday as the murderess. She was suspected at the time, and Inspector Whicker, of the detective force,.caused her to be ar rested, but she was freed. She has been in a " Protestant Convent" for two years past. Most of the journals attribute the confession to insanity and the Convent system combined. What a glorious day tiie volunteers had! The winter is " over and gone," and such a spring, if we had not last year's still ia our remembrance, we should now say we sever have had before after such a winter. All England is now one magnificent garden. The trees are covered with blossom thick and white as was the snow only just a month since. Tits weather has been like July, and we have had for nearly three weeks, with one day's excep tion, neither cloud nor rain. With this weather the volunteere went to Brighton, mustering nearly 22,000 strong. The review was magnificent—the most successful, in all respects, of any that haB yet taken place. I suppose I may call this " sportif so it is a sport which undoubtedly lasts longer than many thought it would, and increases in its intensity. By-and-by, it will almost equal the Epsom races for popularity, or the Oxford and Cambridge boat-race, which this year did equal the D_-rby, both for the excitement which it caused and the enormous crowds which it drew to witness it. And although Cambridge was the favourite, Oxford again won—after the most gallant struggle that has ever taken place. I began this part of my letter with- a dirge, and must so finish it, lor there are two other deaths to record of men who have deserved we'd of their generation. These are Mr. John Cassell and Air. Samuel Lucas. I need not say who the former was ; his name is known wherever the English language is read. He died on the same day as Air. Cobden, at 51 years of age—ten years younger than the great statesman. The 1 utter was known in early life as the '• Manchester manufacturer," the former as the " Manchester carpenter," with which title he first appeared before the public. He has done a good, useful, and bard work in his day, and must have needed the-rest which'he now enjoys. Mr. Lucas was the managing proprietor of the Morning Star„ and was brother-in- law of Mr. Bright. He diet! three weeks after Mr. Cobden, so M>. Bright had to follow another friend to the grave. Mr. Lucas lias given the tone to the Scar for many years. He made many mistakes, but his sympathies were wide, liberal, and kindly-.and- intentions honest. I I scarcely know how to convey to yes- in the j space of a letter the exciting- news received from America. Three- sentences- include all— Richmond and Petersburg have been taken by the Federals ; Lee has surrendered to Grant with his whole army; and—rthe news cornea this afternoon only—President Lincoln has been assassinated, died on tb6 16th April, and Mr. Seward's life has also been attempted, and he is not expected to live. I- will endeavour to arrange the events in chronological order ■ that your readers may see their sequence. Sherman's work cornea- first. His move ments were uncertain when I last wrote. He appeared in North Carolina, took FayetteviUe, and marched on Goldsfcor- ough, and destroyed the cotton mills and arsenal. Here—in the neighbourhood of FayetteviUe—he, through his Generals, not himself personally, received his first repulse, which, though tamed down ia the Northern papers, was unquestionably a serious one, for SchoSeld was decidedly routed. Sherman himself,, however, went on and reached "White House as though nothing had occurred. Here he held possession and secured before him the two best Southern armies out of Lee's fortifications—thoBe of Harden and Bragg. General Johnstone attacked his ad vance at BentonviUe on the 19th Maroh. and drove it back and committed great slaughter. A second attack, after a Federal rally, issued in the same result. Sherman was stopped, or appeared to be bo, bat be still prevented cc-operation of the most active forceB of the South with Lee, and on the 22nd he drove forth hie assailants with dreadful slaughter. Meantime, Sheridan, having done hia work in the Shenandoah Yalley, crossed the James Biver and united with Grant. As soon as this was known, expectation was on the qui vive, and an asBault on the Petersburg lines expected. General Lee, however, anticipated this, and on the 25th March attacked Grant's right wing, and succeeded in defeating it, and occupying Port Steadman. He also attacked Fort Haskell, but was repulsed. Could he have con tinued in his first course the history which fol lows would have been reversed. But the Federals' right was reinforced, the Confederates driven back, and an advance made on their position. This was the beginning of the end, for it is admitted that if Lee could have turned Grant's right he would have compelled the abandon ment of the whole Federal line. The next event in this momentous history was a conference between President Lincoln and Generals Grant, Mead, Sheridan, and Ord, at City Point, on March 28. On the 30th Grant commenced moving at the south-west of Petersburg, Sheridan cc-opprating. They drove back some Confederate pickets and established themselves in a favourable situation. Then the battle began, continuing for nearly three days, until the Saturday afternoon of the 1st April, when Sheridan turned the Con federate right at Fire Forks Station, 15 miles west of Petersburg, and drove it back upon its centre, capturing thousands of prisoners. I give the remainder of this intelligence as it come to us in the Daily News correspondence:— "On Saturday the weather had improved. Sheridan got into communication with Warren on the White Oak-road; Five Forks wsb seized and held, and at 2 in the afternoon a combined attack was made on Pickett, rolling him up, capturing three brigades entire, a wagon- train, two batteries, and planting the Federals firmly on the Southsidc-road. So far all was well. It was known in New York before bedtime that a general engagement was imminent, and would pro bably take place in the morning, but under what circumstances and with what chances of success few could tell. The weather luckily was splendid. Saturday was one cf those glorious days of the early spring, and the sun rose on Sunday morning in splendour in that clear crisp atmosphere, of which those who are only fain-Liar with the skies of the eld world can form little idea. There were prayers in many of the churches for the army, and in the afternoon the hotels and the neigh bourhood cf the telegraph offices were thronged by eager crowds. By 1 o'clock the news of Sheridan's success was known. An hour later came the news that at dayb'eak Grant had ordered an attack along the whole line. The Sixth and Ninth corps under Wright and Narke pierced the enemy's line simul taneously with an advance on the part of Sheridan and Warren along the rail road, carrying everything before them, capturing the works, guns and all, and by 10 o'clock had reached the Appomattox, and had invested Petersburg. Similar success attended the advance of the Second and Twenty-fourth. The result was the capture of the whole of the tenable portion of Lee's position in front of Petersburg, 12,000 pri soners, 50 guns, and large quantities of material. All the accounts concur in de scribing the fighting as desperate beyond example, and the losses on both sides are con sequently terrible. Each side felt it to be the decisive battle of the war, and acted as if they felt it. Lee and Grant were both on the ground in person directing the operations. Lee's troops are acknowledged by officers whs have come on from the front to have proved them selves worthy of their reputation, disputing every inchofground,auddefending many points with the bayonet and clubbed muskets. The Sou theide Railroad captured, and the investment ofPetersburg completed, of course theevacuation of the place became certain, and it accordingly took place on Sunday night after the fight, and was followed or accompanied by that of Rich mond, which was entered at 8 o'clock on Monday morning by General Weitzcl at the head of his negro corp-. He telegraphs that 'the people' have received liirn with a good deal of enthusiasm; but I imagine this means the poor and the negroes, who muBt have suf fered a good deal, what with the scarcity of provisions and the dread of the conscription. Davis and lfis Cabinet are said to have left on Thursday last, when the serious character of Graul's movement first became apparent. The city was fired in one or two places in an attempt doubtless to destroy the stores of tobacco, but there seems no reason to believe that the flames have not been put out by the Federals. Lee has retreated along the Dan ville-road with what remains of his army, and Grant left early on Monday morning in pursuit, doubtless hoping to cut him off." Richmond and Petersburg captured ! You can imagine the sensation, this uews created in JiewYork. I quote the following from the Star correspondent: —" On Monday morning, about 11 o'clock, a despatch from Secretary Stanton was received in this city, announcing I the fall of Petersburg on no less authority than that of Mr. Tjincr.ln iiimoplf liar! I down to City Point to witness operations. Within half an hour after came the bulletin which thrilled the city and the whole country like an electric shot—I mean, of course, the despatch from General Weitzel reporting his entry into Richmond at 8.15 a.m. on the same memorable day, April 3. The newspapers, you may bo assured, were not long iu getting out their extras, aud hardly an hour had elapsed before the news was spread throughout the entire city. By a euddeu aud unanimous impulse the national colours were thrown to the breeze from every flagstaff iu the city; soon the streets were thronged with men, young and old, first laughing, aud then almost en ing with joy at the glorious news. Every one lelt warranted in congratulating every one dee, whether acquaintances or not, and every one repeated the news to everybody else, whether he had heard it before or not. But Wall-street presented the most remark able spectacle of all. Business wan almost entirely suspended as soon as the announce ment of the fall of Richmond was received, and by a spontaneous impulse, a crowd began gathering around' the Custom-House steps. Mr. Draper, the collector of ibe port, aoon made his appearance, and delivered himself of a brief speech. Then miscellaneous addresses followed in the outskirts of the vast crowd, for it extended through two or three blocks, kuet3 of people gathered around She other excited orators, and so the speaking was kept up from neon until late in the afternoon. Finally, when all were weary with listening and speak ing.. by another spontaneous impulse the vast assemblage burst out into the Doxology.-— 'Praise God, from whom all blessings flow; Praise Him, all creatures here below; Praise Him above, ye heavenly host: Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost.' You may rest assured that fifteen or twenty thousand voices joining iu this sublime chorus 1 made-such music as Wall-9treet does not often .hear. The "Old Hundred" was the tune to which- this Doxology was- sung as a matter of course,.and some wag wickedly suggested that the tune was very appropriate now gold was so rapidly approaching par. The same oneB who song " Old Hundred" so lustily yester day, i:e 6aid, a few days ago were singing 'two hundred and fifty" with just as much zest. And this overflowing enthusiasm was not confined to this city clone. It swept like a hurricane over the wbe'e country, reaching every Tillage and hamlet, breaking out here in impromptu gatherings and • there in the firing of cannon and the display of fireworks. Such a jubilee has not been witnessed before since the war- commenced, and L doubt whether the declaration of peace would provoke so hearty an expression of joy." After this Grant followed Lee, who was rx pected> to turn up at Bankside, and did so, where- Sheridan attacked - and defeated him, capturing five generals, including Ewell and Curtis- Lee, and thousands of prisoners, making the total loss to the Confederate army in four or five days not less than £0,000, besides the materials of war. On the 7th April Grant, felt that he could make advances and let down his adversary. He did ii-7ery nobly. The follow ing is- an account of the negotiation:—Grant wrote to Lee on the Till as follows:—" The result of last week must convince you of the hopelessness of further resistance. I ask the surrender of your army." Lee replied that, although not entirely of Graut's opinion cf the hopelessness of further resistance, he recipro cated his desire to avoid the useless effusion of blood. Therefore, before considering Grant's proposition, he asked what terms were ofiered lor surrender. Grant replied 'that peace bad -been his first desire, and that he iusisted.upon only one condition, namely, that the men sur rendered should, be disqualified agaki.to. take up arms against the Government until:properly exchanged. Be would meet Lee or his repre sentative at any point and arrange , the sur render. Lee- rejoined that he did not propose the surrender ot his army, but to ask. the terms ' of Grant's proposition. He did act think the j emergency had arisen to call for surrender, but as the restoration of peace should be the sole object ot all, he desired to know whether Grant's proposals would tend- to that end. He therefore could not meet Grant with the view of surrendering his army, but as far as Grant's proposition might affect the forces under „rl tn juce a wmmauuj auu vcuu nu icabviv jicatx, . would be pleaBed to meet Grant. Grant replied that, having na authority to treat on the subject of peace, the meeting proposed by Lee could lead to no gcod. Grant expressed himself equally desirous with Lee for peace, while the North entertained the same feeling. The terms upon which peace could be had were well understood by the South; by laying down their armB they would hasten peace, and save thousands of lives and millions of property. He hoped that all difficulties might be settled without the loss of another life. Lee replied, requesting an interview in accordance with the oiler contained in Grant's letter, in which it was stated that the men who surrendered should be disqualified to take up arms against the Government until exchanged. Grant then wrote to Lee on the 9tb, proposing the fol lowing terms of surrender:—The rolls of all officers and men to be made in duplicate, one copy for the officer designated by Grant, the other for the officer designated by Lee. The officers to give their individual paroles not to take up arms against the Government until exchanged. Each company or regimental commander to sign a like parole for the men. The arms, artillery, and the public property to be parked and stacked, and turned over to officers appointed by Grant. This would not embrace the officers' side-arms, private horses, or luggage. Each officer and man to be allowed to return home, and not to he dis turbed eo long jas they observed their parole and the law in force where they reside. Lee accepted these terms on the same day. The officers and men were at once paroled and allowed to return home, the officers retaining their side-arms. Correspondents estimate that Lee surrendered with 25,000 men. And so, on Palm Sunday, the way was paved for peace. I do y.ot think that anything has more struck us in England than the gentlenees and courtesy of Grant in this transaction, and the unprecedented terms offered to Lee—terms involving no humiliation whatever. The same spirit has been evinced nearly all through the I North; the only principal exception being the j notorious General Butler, who asks for vengeance both on Lee and Davis. But this he is not likely to get. Mr. Lincoln's speeches, I was going to say hare been, but he has now to be spokeu of as dead, were most pacific, and Henry Ward Beecber lent the authority of his iufiueuce to the counsels of peace, mercy, and goodwill; the burden being forget and forgive, and now let us lore one another again. Strange and exciting scenes have been caused by these unlooked-for events. Davis left Richmond on Palm Sunday, having been called out of church by a message from Lee; and on Tuesday President Lincoln, who had remained at Ci'y Point and telegraphed himself to Washington the progress of the battle, was a resident in Davis's house. So at Charleston, where George Thompson and Henry Ward Beecber have gone to speak on the steps of the Slave Market, the slave block having been already removed to Boston, nnd furnished a " stump" for Lloyd Garrison to speak from. Had I written this morning all that I have written now I should have gone on in a very different strain from that which must now succeed the news I have now only briefly re capitulated. I should have enlarged on Pre sident Lincoln's speeches, and touched upon that beneficent Providence which had given a ruter to America at this time, who, with all his . native eccentricities, had proved himself to be a Christian man and one of generous feeling. I should have said that in his character now lay the best hopes for the restoration of friend ship and goodwill all through the United States, and the keeping of a permanent peace with Europe. The stroke, however, which has been dealt, and of which none can yet see the issue, stops my pen. We all feel as though an. earthquakejhad shaken us. .Every man is asking what nest ? We wait with great anxiety for the next news, and in every heart there is a wonderful tenderness towards t he country and the friends of the late President Lincoln; for this blow, like tli8t aimed at Seward, which may yet prove fatal, was, we all beiieve, dealt by a Southern hand, and the South will hencef irth be to us as to all, a Sodom of modern times. I append the la9t telegrams just received, giving full details:— New York, A pril 15, noon. Wilkes Booth, the assassin of President Lincoln, is the brother of Edwin Booth, and is known as a rabid Secessionist. General Sherman moved in three columns from Goldsboro' on the 9th inst. Johnston evacuated Raleigh and moved west of the town, leaving it in possession of Hampton's cavalry. Johnston is reported to have gone to Greensboro'. Mobile papers of the 4:h instant confirm the capture of Selma, Alabama, with 23 guns and a largo amount of property. The Federals opened a furious fire on the defences of Mobile on the 4th, exploding a magczine in Spanish Eort. The amount of damage done is un known. The siege continue?. Two tinclad gunboats have been destroyed by torpedoes. Thomas, with a large force, is expected on the north side of Mobile. Wilson's cavalry is overrunning Alabama, It is rumoured thar Mr. Adams will be re called from Lo. don to take charge of the State Department. President Davis issued a proclamation, dated Dansville, April 6, announcing hi3 pur pose to continue the war, and never submit to ; the abandonment of one state of the Con federacy. The proclamation was issued some days before Lee's surrender. It is said that the Governor of North Carolina will shortly convoke the Legislature to repeal the Secession Ordinance, and restore the state to the Union. Business is almost entirely suspended on account of Lincoln's assassination. 