? 'j:i.::'(.;navr. \ m .; ,„ V, ::]?- vc.r lHiif! .,r 1W1. ;t i ? ;-'.:,'...' :.:?? ,,i'Vi:i'i:i:i: M'.v,;:i:i en- ' M''-'' ?,':'i.'i:! '!'-? r.iiti.l SMti j ' iri»;ite ' 9''' ?. ;.. ?.;::.'--??.' viMlV anise hi i]k; i ???;?;;; '.yZ,,. ;Il w.ir. an av.-iiil-leAhig ' ?r' ? .'-,. ',,1 four inches hijih : l-!;n;k i 9 ' T-in; !.;?;:'? --t'i;)dii)t; cm ai!, :ia if he - B';,' ji'liiiii'l i;t something; a shi.rp j ?:.! ? u^iii v.liite, but very irregular ; auj H';l ' ?' ?..? ,,'' hii eyes wliiit the writer:; cm ! 9 ',\i;t::1 li.Rlfi.Ts would cill ringiihi- 1 K':.'.''-''i'.-;.ni-. Ui-siiU-s thi.-, his voice ! H1*. i'-':! i\v a:nl sepulchral ; on his right ! K v-i-ic i :;-T.'Vl'1 certain mysterious tie- i 9.'L '^-riimmitcd with the letters ' E.31.' ?''''I'U-rvJiiy dress v/as a cuuvass hat, Kj ^'l^ick'iibu.m, blue jacket, white K.-'r.-i and lotf shut*. O;i Ruuduys ho ?'.,?. 'w\'.\U ii.i'V:.!1, which, :im»ug sailors, Kiwii'-''1 something extraordinary, and in ?t' ,vt;i:]ii;r he wore a pea jacket, but so ?| f tlj.it it could not fail to attract at ?.',',,, It is worthy of remark that K-'.aii entered uu a Friday ; that the KjttT cai'iK'iiter, who built her, was born i ? 'ij'ii.l.iv ; lhat the ship was launched ? ?'l-VJiiy; and that the squadron went | K'1 . ,,'ii .' Vriday. All these things had Hi,: (Mufiil'v calculated by the sailors, and ? ;iL .,;(,, to look upon Jl organ with a K of mysterious awe. B)uir.r:'l!iD vnvage to Gibraltar, Morgan's Hi(li;ct-''Bi;rved to increase the impression H ?,-,)' il-:iki!1cc had made upon the crew. H ^uuii'tiun-'s went without ualiiig for se B,| (l.ivi together— at least, no one over K Iji'iii' iat r aud if he ever slept at all, it K. Vli;!;um shutting his eyes or laying Bin for liis messmates, one and all de Bj thai, wake at what time they would, Krai! would tbo sitting 'upright in his Huiock, with l»is eyes glaring wide open. ^?011 his turn came to take watch upon H};, liis conduct was equally strange ; he ^Ej stand i« oiut position, gazing at the ^Hg or the ocean, apparently unconscious ^9i° situation ' !U1d wucu i'°used by his ^Kiamons, fall back in a swoon ; and, ^?lic revived, would utter the most ^L=c and iucoinpreliensiblc language that ^9- ever heard. In their idle hours upon ^M forecastle, Morgan would tell such ^?ir'c stories about himself, and liis ^Ei'c tscunes by sea and laud, aud the Kir* looked upon him as a gifted being, Bin- the privilege of living for ever ; he ^Bii, iuJetd, hinted that his life could not Hikstroycd, and offered to allow himself ^Ec hauged for the gratification of his ^Bsmates. On sowe occasions he would Mtuund lying oil his back in his hain ^Bk apparently without life, his eyes ^K], his limbs stiff aud rigid, his lower ^B sunk down, aud pulse motionless — at ^?t, so his messiuates said when they ^Bt to call the doctor ; though when that ^Btlouian arrived he always found Morgan ^H the same as usual, aud apparently uu ^ftcious of all that had occurred. Hs they proceeded on their voyage, ^Bcli proved, for the most part, a succes ^Hof calms, the sailors having little or ^B'mg to do, cither imagined or invented ^?wcKiders about Morgan almost every day. ^Kue time a little Welshman declared ^K as he was sitting down to dinner, his ^Heeu was snatched from under him by ^Buvkible hand, 'and he fell upon the ^Hf ; a second had his -i!)o\vance of grog ^Hictcd in (he same mysterious manner, ^?uugh he was ready to take an oath that ^Had never taken his eyes off it for a u_o ^Ht ; a third Jiad liis tobacco box rifled ^Higii it had never been out of his pocket ; ^Hiid liitd lost a crooked sixpence though ^Hul a ribbon through a hole in it, and ^?g round his neck. ^Hksc thiugs at length reached the cars ^Bic captain, who, the next time Morgan ^B.nto one of his trances, had him cou ^Hl for four-aud-twenty hours, and other ^H |iuuished on recurrence of any of these ^?dciful reports. But this produced uo ^Ht eitliei' on Morgan or the crew, till at ^Hlh their wonder was stretched. to Us ^?pstbouuds by a singular adventure of I* day, the squadron being about half ? across the Athiutic, and the frigate se ? leagues ahead, with a fine breeze, there ?' alarm ^hat the magazine, was on I Morgau was just coming on deck ? as«ouu in his hand, but for what ?use, it is not kuown when hearing fcy of ' Magazine on fire !'J ho' made fcruig overboard. The fire was cxtin »ed by tlie daring galkutry of an officer fc-mg to the vessel/ In the confusion ?alarm it was impossible to juake any ?tto save Morgan; aud it was cpnsi m a matter, of course ±hat Jie'liad Pied in tlie ocean. Two days ? after ?s, one of the vessels of Uie squadron ?s alongside the lKgate1^and sent ' a Loat »oard with Billy Morgan. ' Twelve ?saner his leap overboard lie had been m wunming awaygaUauay tdththe ?'ill his haul; whenaskedTvhyliedid m '80. Le repUed that he had kept it m «mX to salt water when lie was W- inis adventure fixed in tho minds ?* mm an obstinate opuiion that W* vva8 either a dead inan conic to life i** n01 ™ry easy, to be killed. »ra«us, Morgan continual his my&. ESS* tUc a^ka *?'»* ***? won: m^i Uptain Robinson puiushed him, ?rfS-?MU w«« within two or three ? ™ of Gibraltar, sui^josing the wbd ml ' ?? h then ^^ Morgan W^ pumshed rathbr severely that ?%tor starring »,,! falling Lite a W**» watch thenijit before; he Ej f3^ his messmates that he ?elf \ I''® aboard auid drown IS\?*^ ai^ra- He then * El,, m. *?ba WQ-bo^-pnt his olloir E^J^r before he finally went ? S t7lvc Md one. Hie vessel ttif.ti*111^ **n to come up I A KM?** let hin^elf drop into tiw ?«i«tt«^ ? Morgan being miss M W,monun?' '^e T-« «o doubt W**ST Tlmmittedsllicide by drown ?^?^% matter,- «nd various were the (vpiiiidi;:; ,-S lliu .-l:ip.-; aw on the mi!, HU fa'.e, l!...v.-cvcr, Sr.-..h!;l!!y c:Mr,l tu be :ipiil;eu -jf, and tlie v.-o:ick-r v,;is »jui'jk:v pa.-:siny awjiy, whun line ni-ht, a'.jout a ! v.-'.'!; r.flvr hi,, j,,,npiii'_- .ivorb-an] .1^ li;:uru of M..rS:,u, all i,:i!j and yha^.tly. hi, ci-.thus Landing wut alout him, wilh 't..-LS lr.iirc Miiikcn, l;..ir miirc upright, and lice ' in. ue thin a:id cadavercus than ever, was j hi/en by one (;f I: is messmates, who hap pt'iu-d In bo Jyiii^' a»v;i!:e, tn ciuc.-g,; slowly ! li-om the lore part ,,f t'.io slijp, TipprO:iL.]i i une of the tables, where there was a can of J water, from which lie took a hearty draught, and disappeared in (he direction whence it came. Tlie sailor told his story next morning ; but tha majority of the crew were incredulous. The next night the same figure appeared, and was been by another sailor ; it came from the same quarter, helped itself to a drink of water, and disappeared in the same direction it had done before. The story of Jl organ's ghost in a day or two got to the captain's cars, who caused a search to be made in i that part of tiic vessel whence the ghost 1 had come, being under tlie impression that the jumping overboard of Morgan had been a deception, and that lie was now secreted on board the ship; the search ended, how ever, without any discovery. The ghost made its appearance again the following night, when it was seen by another of Morgan's messmates to empty his tobacco box, and cany a\v;,y some fragments of the supper that hud accidentally been left on the table, with, which it again vanished as before. The sailor declared that when the ghost made free with his tobacco-box, he attempted to lay hold of him, but felt no thing in his hand, but something like cold water. Captain Robinson was exceedingly pro voked at these stories, aud caused another, and still more thorough search to be made, but without any discovery ; he then directed a young midshipman to keep watch between decks. That night the ghost again made its appearance, and the courageous young officer endeavoured to seize it, but die figure darted away with incouceivable velocity, and disappeared. The midshipman, as directed, immediately informed Captain llobiuson, who instituted an immediate search, but with uo better success than before. By this time the sailors became afraid even of their own shadows, aud some of the officers also be gan to be affected with a sort of supersti tious dread. At length, the squadron ar rived at Gibraltar, aud anchored in the bay of Algesir.is, where the ships remained some days, waiting tlie arrival of those they had come to relieve. About the usual hour that night, the ghost of Billy Morgau again appeared to one of his mess mates, offered him its hand, aud saying, 'Good-bye, Toin!' disappeared. It was a fortnight or more before the relief squadron sailed up the Mediterranean, during which time the crews of the ships were permitted to take their turns to go on shore. On one of these occasions a messmate of Billy Morgan's, named Tom Brown was passing through a tolerably dark lane in the suburbs of Algesiras, when he heard a well known ' voice cry out, 'Tom, Tom, don't you know your old messmate V Toui kuew the voice, and looking round recognised Morgan's ghost; but he had no inclination to renew their acquaintance, aud so took to his heels as fast as his legs could carry him, and with out looking behind to see if the ghost fol lowed him, ran to the boat where his com pauious. were waiting, and told his story, as soon as he could find breath for the purpose. This reached the ears of Captain Robinson, who, being almost sure of the existence of Morgan, applied to the gover nor of the town, who caused search to be made everywhere, without effect. No one had ever seen sucb. a person. That very night the ghost made its appearance on board the frigate, and passed its cold wet hands over the face of Tom Brown, to whom Morgau had left his watch aud chest of clothes. The poor fellow bawled out lustily, but before any pursuit could be made, the ghost, as usual, disappeared in,the forward part of the ship. After this Billy again appeared two or three times alternately to one or two of his old mess mates ; sometimes in tho town, at others onboard the frigate, but always in the dead of night. Be seemed desirous to say . something particular, but could never suc ceed in getting any of the sailors to listen to his communication. The last time he made his appearance at Algesiras on board the frigate, lie was heard by one of the sailors to Inutter, in a low, hollow whis per, ' You shall see we at Malta.' After which lie vanished. The. 'Captain was greatly perplexed at these strange and unaccountable -visitations, and instituted every . possible inquiry into the circumstances, in the Lope cf finding some clue to explain the mystery. He again caused the ship to be examined, with a view of discovering cither the place where Morgau secreted himself, or the means by which he escaped from tho vessel. He qusetioned every man on board, and threatened the severest punishment, should he discover they deceived him in iheir story, or were accomplices in the escape of Morgan. He even removed everything in the forward part of the ship, and rendered it impossible for any hunirn being to be there without being detected. To the Cap tain it became a mystery, and the squadron proceeded up the Mediterranean, to cruise along the coast of Africa, and rendezvous at Mfllta. *? It was tome weeks before the frigate arrived at the Litter place, and m nothing had been seen of the ghost, it was con cluded tiiat the shade of Billy Morgan had been appeased, and the afi^ir was al most forgotton. But two nights after the vessel' liad anchored two sailors went ashore at La Vallette ; they accidentally entered a small tavern in a remote part of die suburbs, where they commenced a, fcoUc, sailor fashion. Amongst them was tho heir of Billy Morgan, who, about three or fouriu the morning, went to bed, not quite so clear-headed as he might have, been; He -could not tell how long lie had been asleep, wlien lie was awakened by a ( voice whispering in his ear, 'Tom, lorn, wake up !' On opening his eyes ho beheld ( by the pale light of tho morning, the ( ghasUy figure of Billy' Morgan leaning over , his bed and glaring at Mm with eyes like saucers. Tom cried out, ' Murder ! ghost 1 Billy Muryan ::l us bm.-l as he co::M ' shout, until h-j ionised the landlord who tamo tn !;nir,v wh;.t was the i:mtti.r. Ti.i'.i related the wholu jiifair, and eu'jmrud iflm knew anything of the figure he dt^cribed. Mine !;(;st utterly donied having Eirun w hoard anything tif such a figure ad Billy Murgnn, and su aid all his family. The repurtwos soon circulated that Billy, Mor gan's ghciit had .Tjiiin reappeared. ' Heaven smd earth,' cried Captain Robinson, 'shall I never get rid oi'this infernal spectre?, or \vh;-.tever else it may be ?'' The captain ordered the boat, waited on the governi'i- explained the situation of his ! crew, and begged his assistance in appre hending the ghost of Billy Morgan, or Billy himself; as the case might ber That -.light the Governor causcd'the strictest search to be made in every hole and corner i in the little towu of La Va'.ctte — but in ' vain. Xo one had seen that remarkable j baiug corporeal or spiritual : aud the hind- j lord of the house where the spectre ap- j peared, tevc-lhcr wilh tho members of his I family, denied all knowledge of such a person or thing. That very night Billy appeared on board the frigate, when he again accosted his friend, Tom, to whom he had bequeathed all his goods aud chattels : but Tom had no mind for a confidential communication with the ghost, and roared out so lustily that he roused the whole crew, but the sprcctre had imperceptibly glided way. Captain Robinson was in despair; never was man so persecuted by a ghost as him self. The ship's crew were in a state of terror aud dismay. They signed a round j robin, drawn up by Billy Morgan's own messmates, representing to the captain the propriety of running the ship ashore, aud abandoning her entirely to the ghost, which now appeared almost every night, sometimes between decks, then at the end of the bowsprit, and occasionally on the yards and topgallant mast. In the little town of La Valette notliing was talked about but the ghost of Billy Morgan, by which he alarmed the whole island, and made matters ten times worse than ever. - The ship next proceeded to Syracuse, where they had to perform a long quaran tine. The vessel was strictly examined by the health officers, and fumigated with brimstone, to the great satisfaction of the crew who were in hopes that this would drive away Billy Morgan's ghost. These hopes were strengthened by their seeing no more of that troublesome visitor during the whole time the quarautiue contiuued. But the very next night after the expiration of the quarantine, Billy again visited his old messmate and heir, Tom Browu ; he had the same ghastly a2-pearance, aud was dripping wet as usual. After giving him a rousing shake, he whispered, — ' Hush, Tom ! I want to speak to you about my watch and chest of clothes.' But Tom had no inclination to converse with his old friend, and cried out ' Mar? der !' with all his might, when the ghost again vauished, muttering — ' You ? infernal lubber !' The reappearance of the ghost caused greater consternation than ever among the ship's crow, and it required all the influ ence of severe punishment to keep them from deserting. Poor Tom Brown, to whom the devoirs of the spectre seemed more especially di rected, left off swearing and chewing to bacco, aud dwindled to a very shadow. He became religious, and spent the greater part of his time in reading chapters iu the Bible aud singing hymns. Captain Kobinson now ordered a constant watch al! night between decks, iu hopes of de tecting the intruder ; but all iu vaiu, al though there was hardly a night that he did not pay a nocturnal visit to Tom Brown. Iu addition to the vexation aris ing from this persevering persecution of Billy's ghost, various other strange and uuaccountable things happened on board the frigate : — Tobacco boxes were emptied iu the most mysterious manner ; many of the sailors would be iu a state of intoxica tion, though they declared they had not drunk more. than their allowance. They would solemnly assure the captain that when they went on shore, they would be decoyed by some unaccountable influence, to strange, out-of-the-way places, where they were sure to see the ghost, who would fly through the air in various forms. Wonder grew upon wonder, till it tran scended the bounds of human credulity. At length Tom Brown, the night after receiving a visit from Billy Morgan's ghost, disappeared, aud was never heard of after wards. As the chest of clothes inherited from his diseased messmates was found empty, it might have been surmised that Tom had deserted, had not a. sailor, who was on the watch, solemnly declared that he saw the ghost of Billy Morgan jump overboard with him in a flame of fire, and that they hissed like a red-hot ploughshare in the water. After this the spectre, ap peared no more. Captain Eobinson was a man not given to supeistitious impressions, yet he could never account for this mysterious appear ance ; and as to the crew, there was not one who did not firmly believe in Billy Morgan's ghost, and its appearance was related and exaggerated to such a degree on their return home, that persons feared to visit the vessel The captain remained in a mixed state of scepticism and credulity concerning it, till one day, some years after his return from the Mediterranean,' being on a journey to the westward, lie had occasion to go to a log-house on the borders of Tennessee for refreshment. A man came forth to receivo him, whom- he at once recognized as Billy Morgau. Heavens !' thought Captain Eobinson, 'i here's Monsieur Tonsou come again !' Billy, who had also found out who his guest was, when too late to retreat, looked rather sheepish, and invited him in with lone of the genuine hospitality peculiar to the backwoodsman. Tlie captain followed him into tiie house, where he found a comely, good-natured dame, and two or three yellow- haired boys and girls. The Louse had au air of comfort, and the mis tress seemed pleased at the rare incident of a stranger entering the door, Billy Mor gan was at first rather shy ; but finding the captain treated him with goodhu moured frankness, he, in the course of the evening, wliea the children were gone to bed, and the wife was milking the cows, took occasion to accost his old commander : 'Captain, 1 hope you don't mean to fihciot iul for ,i deserter.' ?' By no luuans,' s;-id tho captain, smil ing ; ' there would bo little usu iu shout- 1 ing a ghost, or a man with as many lives | as ;i cat.' ' Ah ' captain ?' said Billy, ' you have nut forgotten the ghost, I see ; but it's a long time to remember an old score, and I hope you'll forgive me.' u Ononcconditiou, I will,' replied thecap tain, ' that you tell ice honestly how you managed to make all my sailors believe they saw you night after night, uu board the ship as well as on shore.' 'They did see me/' replied Billy, in his usual sepulchral voice. The captain began to be in some doubt whether he was talking to Biily Morgan or his ghost; but thought he would putafuw more questions. ' You don't pretend to say you were really on board my vessel all the time }' ? ' No, not all the lime ; only on those ? occasions when the sailors saw me, except previous to our arrival at Gibraltar.' ' Then their seeing you jump overboard was all a deception 1' 'Byuo weans, sir. I did jump over board ; but then I climbed back again directly afterwards.' '? The deuce you did — tell me how.' ' I will, sir, as well as I am able. I was many years among the Sandwich Islanders, where the vessel in which 1 was cabin-boy was wrecked. I there learnt to swim, and I can pass whole hours, and I believe days, in the water without being fatigued. I also fell into some of their habits, such as a great dislike to hard work, and a desire to go where I choose, and do what I please. The discipline of a man-of-war did not suit me at all, aud I soon got tired of it. To pass the time, and to make fun for myself with the sailors, I told them stories of my adventures, and pretended I could live iu the water, and had as many lives as a cat. Besides this, I played them many other pranks, partly for amusement and partly from a kind of pride 1 felt in mak ing them believe I was half a wizard. The puuishmentiyou gave me, though I own I deserved it, put me out of all patience, and I made up my mind to desert the very first opportunity. I had an old shipmate iu whom I could trust, and we planned the whole thing together. I knew if I deserted at Gibraltar, or any of the Mediterranean ports, I should certhinly be caught, and shot as an example ; and for this reason we settled that I should jump overboard, return again, and hide myself in a coil of cable which was stowed away between decks, close to the bows, where it was dark even in the daytime. My messmate pro cured me a piece of canvas, with which I could cover myself when necessary. To make my jumping overboard have a greater effect with the crew, and to provide against accidents until the ship arrived at Gibral tar, I took care to fill my box with to bacco, and my pockets with biscuits, and to sling a canteen of water round my neck, as I told them I might take it into my head not.to go to the bottom for two or three days. I got Tom Brown to write my will, intending to leave uiy watch aud cheat to my messmate, who was to return them to me at Gibraltar ; but Tom played us a trick, and put his own name in the place of my friend's. Neither he nor I were auy great scholars, and the trick was not found out till afterwards, when my friend was afraid of discovery if he made any fuss about the matter.' ' Who was j'our friend ?' asked Captain Robinson. ' He is still alive and in the service. I had rather not mention his name.' ' Very veil,' replied the captain. ' Go on.' ' That night I jumped overboard.' ' How did you get back into the ship J' asked the captain, hastily. ' Why, sir, the forward port-hole on the starboard side, was left open, with a bit of rope fastened to the gun, and hanging down so that I could catch it.' The captain exclaimed ' What a set of block-heads we were 1' ' Not so great as might be expected,' said Billy Morgan, intending to compliment the captain. ' ? 'As soon as I jumped overboard, I swam to the rope, which I -held fast, wait ing the signal from my friend to climb up, aud hide myself in the coil of cable. Here I remained iu my wet clothes, rather un comfortably, as you may suppose, until my provision aud water were expended, and my tobacco-box was empty. I calculated they would last till we arrived in Gibral tar, when nothing waseasier than to jump out of the port-hole, and swim ashore. But the plaguy head winds and calms, which I dare say you remember, delayed the squadron longer than I expected, and left me without supply. My friend pro mised to communicate with me ; but he got into disgrace, for picking a quarrel with. Tom Brown, whom he longed to thrash for forging the will, and thus was confined for several days. I remained in this state till I was nearly starved, when not being able to stand it any longer, one night, I crept out of my hiding-place, where I was coiled up in the shape of a cable, and finding a pitcher of water, took a hearty drink out of it ; this was as much as I dared to do at that time, so I went back again as quickly as possible. The next night I crept out again, and was lucky enough to get a pretty good supply of pro visions. Two or three times I heard search making for me, and expected every moment to be detected.' . 'How .was it possible for the block heads to miss you V' asked Captain Robin son. 'Why, sir, they did come to tho coil of cable where I was, but I believe they were too' much frightened to look into it; or could not eee me in the dark hole. They did not lift the canvas that covered me either of the times they came.' The night I found the officer on the watch, I gave myself up for lost ; but, as luck would have it, my friend was now out of limbo,' and he always appeared to examine my hiding- place so carefully, that no one thought of looking into it after him. When we arrived at Algesiras, I took an opportunity of frightening Tom Brown a little, by visiting Mm in the night, and wishing him good-bye; after which I slipped quietly out of the port-hole, and swam ashore.' ? ? - ? 'But how did you manage to escape frnm the search mads by the- police at Al LCi-iras V ' Oil, sir, I was on board the fri^i.tu at the time, in my old hiding-place !'' '.And when the ship v.;is searched directly ;;fUTivardi. ?' ' I wai on shore at that time.' ' Aud how did you manage at Malta ?'' ' The iaudlnid was my sworn brother, and would not have babbled for a thousand pounds.' 'And the capers on tho yard-arm and tnp-gallaut : the visits piid to Tom Brown at Syracuse, and the vi-onderful stiirii.-.s told by the sailors of being robbed of their tobacco, getting intoxicated upo:i nothing, and being led astray by some supernatural power. . What do you say to all this, Mr. Ghost ?' said the captain. ' I never paid but two visits to the ship that I remember, sir, after she loft Malta, : one was the :iight I wanted to talk to Tom Brown, the other whun lie disappeared the night afterwards. The lost of the stories were all owing to the jokes of some of the sailjrs, and the fears of the others.' ' But you are sure that you did not jump into tha sea with Tom Brown, in a ilame of fire ?' said the captain, laughing. ' Yes, sir, asl am an honest man' Tom got away without any help of mine, and j without my even knowing how, until a long time afterwards, when I accidentally met him at Liverpool. 'When he deserted, to quiet his conscience, he left the watch aud clothes to niy friend ; therefore I had uo motive for playing the ghost any longer. I shipped in an American merchantman for Smyrna, from thence I went to Gibraltar, aud after voyaging a year or two, and sav ing a few hundred dollars, came to Boston. But I did not dare to stay long ashore, for fear of being known by some of the officers of the squadron ; so I took my bundle and my money, aud went into the back country. I am a little of everything, a jackofall trades, and turned farmer, as sea captains often do when they are tired of ploughing the ocean. I get on pretty well now, and hope you won't have me shot by a court martial.' ' No,' replied Captain Robinson, ' I am out of the navy now.' ' I hope you prosper well, sir.' ' Not quite so well as you, Billy ; I have come iuto/die backwoods to see if I can do better.' ' 'Only serve under me,' said Billy, ' and I will repay all your good offices.' ' No, I am going on a little farther.' ' Perhaps so ; but I believe.it is bed time, bo good night, Mr. Ghost !' The next morning, the captain proceeded on his way, reflecting on the singular story of Billy Morgan, whose pranks on board the frigate had convinced some hundreds of men of the existence of ghosts, and thrown the gloom of superstitious horror over the remainder of their lives. ' But one sailor,' thought he, ' out of more than five hundred, but will go to his grave in the full belief in the appearance of Billy Morgan's ghost. What an unlucky encoun ter this of mine ! It has spoiled one of the best authenticated ghost stories of the a?e !' 