THE EDMUNDS INQUIRY, " We dismiss, aß all the world has dismissed from its consideration, thc lifo and labours of Mr. Leonard Edmunds. He is, as thc slang phrase goes, a representative man, but then what he represents is hardly worth a moment's thought. Embezzlement, monstrous impu- dence, peculation on a scale of very respect- able magnitude, are every-day vices ; and tho only thing personally remarkable about this unpleasant delinquent is that he contrived to j be for a whole lifo the companion and friend of one of-the first and most honorable men of the day. As to the crimes which a judi- cial inquiry imputes to him,, they are of a vulgar character enough j but the man has his mark. That he can actually take credit for not having robbed the public of more ' money, and that he can make it a matter of, complaint to his em- ployers that they were'such fools as to place money within his reach, is curious. That is, thc Btate of mind which Edmunds' defence displays is curious, not because it is after all BO very.uncommon, but because it is uncom- mon to avow it. Just as ' a cabman always curses you because he runs over you, so Mr. Edmunds makes it à matter of indignant complaint that official people were ever fools enough to think him, or, for tho matter of that, any living man, capablo of honesty and good faith. Odisao quern lajseris is an old story ; and we see how it is possible to sympathise with - Mr, Edmunds' burning indignation against thc innocent ? confidence that man will put in man. : This is all that is - memor- able about Mr. Leonard Edmunds, and those who are curious in what are called psycho- logical monsters will wade through, and per- haps remember, tho tedious history of this person's defalcations, tho biography and banking books of his partners in what may bc regarded as a lay form bf simony, and above all, the'amazing view of a Government office whiclrhis career illustrates. . But the main interest of tho " Edmunds In- quiry " centres in another quarter. While critics have been divided in opinion as to the real hero bf Paradise Lost the authorities generally give this honour to Satan ; but if .there is a literary controversy as to the poetical centre of Milton's poem, there is no doubt that popular interest' assigns to the Lord Chan- cellor that place in. the divine epic of .tho" day which Milton gives tothb Devil. 'It will bb very satisfactory/nót only to iord'Westbury's many .friends,,but to society, generally, to find that, by a majority of one, tho committee.bf .the Lords have pronounced that though/ in 'their judgment,' the /Lord High Chancellor's view,of his official duty in connexion with this iïdmunds aöair was one m wnicn ,iucy couta not concur, still it was not influenced by unworthy. or 'unbecoming motives. This being tho judgment of the House of Lords, it is' not to be questioned. Justas General (Jounoils aro ;said to,- bof moved by the, Holy Ghost, which profane¡ people say means tho odd man, so thc delibérate judgment of six pcerd against five-the six . being,the ; Chan- cellor's 1 political^ we : will1 not say personal, friends, , and all of them his own official. colleagues; past and present, and .tho five being his j political opponents-is not to be questioned for a moment. ;'? iTo bo. suro, the acquittal" of the Chancellor does not amount 'to much. - He . had a; public duty laid upon him, and as'to the way in which ho .discharged that.public duty tho committee and tho Chancellor take ' opposite, views. It was " incumbent on¡ the. Chancellor to have apprised Parliament of the circumstances under which Mr. Edmunds had resigned." 'These circumstances, were not, only that Mr. Edmunds was proved io have" appropriated large,sums of .money, some of, which he had repaid, but that'at the very moment when, by the,Chancellor's connivance, -a pension for good service had; -been . awarded him, ne was' " still charged with large pecuniary defalcations. . That is to say, tho: Chancellor, on his own authority, with- held from the House information which it was not only important-indeed'essential, to its own.honour-;that the House should have, but tlie'suppression of,which entailed a pecuniary reward from a grateful country to a gentleman who had been kind enough for years toappro 'priate to his own'tuc tho public income. Still, as\ tho committee say,, though' tho Chancellor did all this, he did not do it from any un- worthy or Í unbecoming motives. People will perhaps .'say tbat'á judicial Committee'had better 'do as we poor journalists aro obliged ¡to do-that is, confine themselves to "facts, and say as little' ns possible about what they can know nothing ''whatever abouti ,ötber . people's motives.'* Motives ? are known to God and a man's own conscience. Facts are all that judges and juries can deal with. . /Among "the, facts brought' before tho committeo are these-r- that upon a promise given, or - an understanding assented to,. by Lord Westbury, that Mr. Edmunds should by a certain hour resign1 a certain official post, then Mr. Edmunds' defalcations would not be men- tioned to tho House, and in tho matter of his pension, tho Chancellor " would . throw no' obstacle in' the way." And further, among tho facts .not brought before tho committee wàs' tho . curious and perhaps irrelevant one, that tho place vacated by.Mr- Edmunds was instantly .'filled up'by the son of tho Chan- cellor' himself j- a fact rto which, whim com-" nutting themselves '. to '' the ' investigation of motives, tho ; committee might perhaps; have attached some weight.- , ?For ourselves, we are disposed to go further than tho comtnitteo.; ' Tho, Lords are not pre- pared.', ,'tb"assign 'unworthy ' or unbecoming motives to tho Chancellor. Wo go further, and boldly pronounce that, .ho .was, actuated throughout 'by worthy' ;andjb'ecomihg'm'otiyes -mptiyes--worthy.of,-and.beoouiing toa truel Christian man., And ;\vhen .wo 'speak,of,wliat' is .worthy, and becoming a.Christiàn,''wë tako Christian virtues as illustrated and analysed by'tin''eminent Christian' divine. It- is now, nearly,, six; yéárs 'ag¿''/tbat f Sir ''Richard Bethell; .'delivered a', lecture on .tho " Objects i and Advantages of Chris- tianity"-'- to the Wolverhampton - Young Men's Christian , Institute. With that deep and searching familiarity with his subjfcct which tho practical expositor of Scripture draws from his own, experimental -knowledge, Sir Richard laid it down as his own. conviction that the essenco of Christianity'consists in its usefulness as an instrument of worldly advance- ment, and that " tho,principle . of love' is' one ofthobest nnd mÓBt sure modes of securing oven tompornl success ". in life. It is a comfort to find that what the Attorney-General taught the- öbancelloj Ima »ot forgotten to practice) "Looking back on bis own life," nt Wolverhampton in October, 1859, Sir Richard was disposed " tc ascribe the greater part of the success he had met^with to the favour produced when he had it in his power to confer any advantage oi kindness on others."' That is to say, a lifo ol charity and peace, long happy days of good will towards all men, a heart guileless, void ol offence, and exuberant only in practical deeds of love, a tongue mild and courteous, a tempei placable/gentle, and easy to be entreated, this was what . Sir Richard Bethell knew to bo his own life and character, and such charity was not only its own, but its owner's great reward. The kindnesses ho had showered on others had been poured seven- fold into his own bosom, and made him Attorney- General. A like consistent lifo oí love has now wade him Lord High Chancellor; and everybody can see that it was upon high Christian principle that Lord "Westbury sup- pressed his knowledge of Mr. Edmunds' defalcations. Ever anxious, to confer., an advantage or a kindness on others, it was only out of Christian love to Mr. Edmunds that he was silent. Besides, there was every reason for the Chancellor to have an especial tender- ness towards Mr. Edmunds. According to tho Bethellian exegesis of the Gospel, ". Christianity, above all religions that-ever existed, ÍB fitted to ensure success in life." That is, according to this view of the Religion of thc Cross-Show me a suc- cessful man and I'll show you a, religious man, a true Christian. Now, we do not mean to hint that Lord "VVcstburyîs success in life, und his consequent Christianity, aro precisely equivalent to Mr. Edmunds' success in life and his consequent Christianity. Rut wo do say that they are both successful men, and there- fore, as viewod by thc Gospel according to Bethell, both must be good Christians. Now saints are bound to-have especial, love and charity towards their brother saints. This will account for something pf the Chancellor's good-will towards Mr. Edmunds. It was not that particular form of evangelical charity which exhibits itself in the ¡ forgiveness of notorious sinners that Lord Westbury dis- played; and it-was not because Mr. Edmunds wns in the habit of being just a. few thousand pounds wrong with the . Exchequer that the Chancellor's ' bowels so yearned towards the lato Clerk of the Patents. - It was because they were united by ' tho bond of' being I sharers in a common success, and therefore, vi termini,'in a common Christianity. " For Mr. Edmunds was a, successful.,; man. v For i thirty long years he made a ^fortune lout, bf a salary which began -upon nothing, with ,the i privilege of keeping, a public office .'Out I of that nothing, '.: and for' thirty^''long years he maintained a good, name, ns' well ""as made a good, income. To be sure, ho has come to grief at last j but, as Lord Westbury, we dare say often feels, wo can call no man happy before his death. Lord Westbury's pitcher has gone often to tho' well, and has always come back,well 'filled.' Solicitor, attorney, chan- cellor, «ons and,sons-in-law and brothers-in law and fathers- in-law, and Bethclls in every generation and to the utmost limits of affinity, nilethe ¿¿¿nd like , a goodly cedar-tree. If these are not practical proofs that godliness has-not -only thc , promise but the very sub- stantial performance of thc world that now is, why then tho Christianity - of Bethell is a dream and a mockery.' Christianity is not only "fitted" but proved "to ensure success in life." " And even if tho Chancellor ßhould come, not like Croesus to the scaffold, or like Bacon to disgrace, but' like . Edmunds to rebuke the world for its inability, to under- stand the highest virtues, why then even the Chancellor can say-" Vixi. I have not lost my life.. Here is my Christianity, and here are its proofs-a peerage, pension, and places for my posterity." . This is, wo believe, the true ; story / of tho Chancellor's "motiveai". -His real actuating motivo was. tn USA bin nwn pious language, '. ' the, great principle of .Ch ris tian conduct-namely, tho principle of loye and mutual affection." - Love is tho Chancel- lor's distinguishing grace; love, not only to all tile world, but .especially. > to' those that aro of the household of faith. With-this-pervading; and engrossing ..grace of character consuming hini| we have seen why the'Chancellor so especially sympathised with Mr. Edmunds. This high Christian principle accounts for tho love so abundantly bestowed on those of his own house ; and also for that love and caro1, of his own interests which is sometimes observed in those who, liko . Lord Westbury, believe that' Christianity is ,prpj eminently "fitted to ensure success .in-life;" and which unbelievers call rapacity and self seeking. -Eor is it not a Christian duty to I love your neighbour as yourself ? . and who is so much a man's neighbour--that is, so near j to hin*-ns himsolt r -Saturday líeviewv I 