11 . . > AQUATICS. ; Sydney hat. boon; long noted for' the strong aquatic propensities of it« denizeu*. Tho broad wutors of Port Jackson have borne many a'gallant clipper to victory) fcVom the days when tho old- helter 'gig, -manned by the stalwart eons of the loyal old Harbour Alastor, used to dash past Dawes' Point, her gilt ribbon glanoing in tho sunlight (tho victor of many a tough struggle), to the more recant tournament on tho Parramatta Bivcr, whon the sons bf Australia in tho Intercolonial match with Viotoria vanquished a crew of Euglish vetoraus, wo havd gone steadily onwards in the van of progress, our colonial ouildors being constantly stimulated to fresh exertions by tho arrival from tho old country of vessels from tho world-renowned stocks of Wanhill, Harvey, Hatcher, Inman, and uuw Rife and.Batsoy. What old salt does not remembor tho first of tho English olippors, Wea Und's Ariel-how many years ago I am afraid to soy 5 hor contests with the Stormy Potrel-that prineo of yachtsmen, poor Toni Burrows, at tho helm. Still ou Ward wo como to the fortunato Frioudship, tho unfortu- nate Haidco, the Sylplt, tho Avongor, tho unwieldly Boomerang, and, greater than all, our first Commodore's celebrated Poarl, over renowned for the warm hospi- talities of hor ownors. Later still, Boynolds' Chef d' muere-tho big Phantom crushing under hor loo the gallant little Ohampiou. After thu came tho importa- tion of thoso nondescript and ever dangerous vessels, whioh no true yachtsman would put foot in, the centro boards- Challengo, Spray, Charm, ic, mero racing maobinos-traps for human lifo. Again wo como to an important era, the importation of thoso two beauties, tho Mischief and Surprise-tho first by Harvey, tho Iattor by Wanhill, did moro to improve our notions than all that had gono boforo. Their long bows, cloan runs, and beautifully sitting canvass of Lupthorn, with which tho Surprise was adorned, drew the fog from our eye.-), and wo first began to understand tho real boautios of English clippers. Ths> many contests of thoso two hardy ten toimura, with the lucky Annie Oglo (almost as big again), aro now matters of histor?. Sufiico it. that had again), aro now mattera ot r-iatory. sumco ii-, u>«. wu timo for tonuago tltou been the rulo,- Bho would uevor hare aooured a single chalk. Old remembrances, aro often: pleasing; nono more so than tho tough battles of our youth, over which wo lovo to linger; but all must palo beforo tho fleet of dippers which tho tocsin of Commodore Walker will gather under his wing for the coming season ; and how many a genuine salt hugs himself with delight as ho joy- fully anticipates the coming struggles betwaon tho hitherto unconquered Xarifa and tho lato arrivals. Tho Xarifa, as every ono knows, was built by Dan Sheehy upon the prinoiplos of tho famous little Australian, with wliioh most yaohting mon aro now familiar, both vessels having proved a great success. Athough, with tho ex- ception of tho match to Nowcastlo with tho Chanco, tho Xarifa bas hardly met a foomun worthy of her steel ; hor great size puttiug it altogether out of tho power of the natty Peri to have any reasonable chance with hor in a sea way. Tho Era has only started against her once, and we regrot that tho issuo was not more satisfactory, anont whioh I have u vory strong impression that the worthy V.C. has not yet dono his craft full justice. Tho match to Nowcastlo was rmi in a galo of wind, and was undoubtedly a groat porformanee for tho Xarifa, beauti- fully handled by ouo of tho best crows that ever loft Port Jackson hoads ; whilst tho less said about tho sailing of the Chanca the better, whoa Tread hor performance» at St. George's Bogatta, Dublin, in 1862, and think of the Nowcastlo bungle, I respect our worthy Commodore too highly to dwell longor on the subject. Bovongo is sweet, saith some forgotten authority-will ho have it with tho ?Alerto.-Derhans with a venaeance ? VANDKBDKOKEN'S GHOST. 