SPEECH DAY— SCOTCH COLLEGE. The annual " Speech Day" of this institution, prior to the- Christmas recess, took place yester day, at St. George's-hnll. Ilis Excellency the Governor attended to distribute the prizes. On lilv ni'f'rnl tins Nnlinmil Anrlmm mm l... .1.. " nut DUII)( ijy UIU neb col, which occupied the platform, and after the opening prayer by tbe Moderator of tlie Presbyte rian Church, Hie proceedings commenced. Before tlir dm ribu turn of prizes, recitations were given, and voiuc Him t pieces sung by the full school. The rot i tat ions were, on the whole, very credit- abb, when the extreme youth of those who entne f award is l iken into consideration. But there wire a few of the hoys who shone in this branch ot ediicjti'ui. Mnsmr Swan wns vorv successful ir liis rendering of "Daniel O'Coinieli's Invee- I.Vn ugni.nt Di'.meli," and in tiie recitation of j CnsMlii.mcn, tlui Admiral's Son," by Mrs. tlqmnns. Master Barker's fiction was very touch admired ; it was so free from stillness, so natural, nnd, at lite same time, to graceful. The "Speech of Lord Chul'.iuni to the House of Peers against the Conquest ot JJritfih America," was taken by : Muster Millard. Two of Thomas Hood's poems, of n very opposite character, were recited by Masters Moore and Guodhiud, the former taking ' Mmy's Ghost," nnd the latter the ' Bridge of Sighs," the manner in lutli nf which being very good. An extract from Cowper's '> as, ' beginning with the poet's description of Paul as a model preacher, and thou containing tlie comparison of tlio model with Hie preachers of the present day, was recited by Master Ramsay and appeared to bo fully imprcciiitcd. Masters Wright, Thompson, M 'Lemma, Turnbull, Tay lor, Wraggc, Batten, nnil Harrison also gave recitations. Mr. Morrison, the principal, then rend tlie iinnual report, which detailed u change of masters and other importaut facts connected with Hie institution. From it there nppem s to lie a large number of boys each year who pass the Civil Service and mntrleulation examinations. At tlio November examination the report stated there were 50 candidates, out of whom only 20 passed, mid those sent up by the Scotch Collego— six— were all surccssful. The uames of those who phsscii them were— Masters Butler, Wilson, Wilkie, Curtain, Pinnock, nnd Colics. The classes in' which prizes were given were — Latin, arithmetic, algebra, geometry, English, Bible writing, -French, German, natural science, gym- nuslies, drawing (human figures and landscapes), tuusle, slid n special prize for decided pro gress nnd exemplary conduct, whielt was taken by Master M'Lennan. The list was wery long, with three classes is in moat esses under each heuding. After tho prize distribution, whjobl tqo'K1 up a ooasidcrable time, a vote oy thanks to hfo Exeelicncv was moved by tbo Mayor, and seconded by Mr. Chnrles M'Klnnon, of the Wiramera, which wns very coolly responded to, the platform (where tlie school sat in sight of the Principal) doing all the cheering. The Go vernor then rose and said he was very sorry so many deserving boys, who must linve come very nesr to those who and gained prizes, should re main unnamed and unknown. Although their general proficiency could not in cvory caso be judged from elocution alone, still lie thought that was a study irom which in most -cases information on other educational points might lie gleaned, and their attainments lie thought hnd been very completely nnd very favourably shown by what they had done. Ho had remarked in the report of the Prineipnl Uiat tlie matriculation examinations hero were more difficult tlmn in the mother country. The qunliltcaHon was very high, but it was Jim opinion that it should never lie lowered. Her Mnjesty Iind been pleased to direct thnt those who lia'd matriculated at Hie University lure should rank in cqunl honours with these at home ; hut even .that would benefit them litUu in comparison with the standing amongst literary men which the Ic'gh standard nf the University tlicy had graduated Irom would win for tlicm. He laid high hopes ior theiu iu the future, and wished tliem every sueetss. " Rule Britannia" was thou sung by tlie buys, and after tiie benediction being pianouuecd, the assembly separated. 