O !U lt M U T U A L l1 ll' I E N I) . (Continued.) ( . . BT OUARLBS DIOICEK3. CiurTBB XV This draft on Mr. Bo iii n'a philosophy could only bo mst by that gentleman with the remark that every- thing that ls nt all, must* login at soma time.. Thon, tuoktog his wife's arm tt iclor b s own, that sha might not ba left by luftolf. to bo troubled again, ho dó^emíod to release Wegg. l7ho being something drowsy aftor his plentiful repast, nnd ocnstitu'ionally of à shirking temperament,'was well enough pla&ted; to stump away, without doing what he had ooma to do, aud mw paiJ for doing'. Mr. Collin then put on hts hat, and Mrs. .Bjfliu her shinl ¡ and tho pa r, further proridod «rilli a bunch of koys and a lighted lantern, went all over the dumnl house-dmmnl everywhere, but in their own two rsoms \- front odiar to oock-ljfr. Not resting ea'i-fied with girlng thit much ohase to Hrs. Boilin's fancier, they pursued them into tho yard and outbuildings, and under the ilouids. And setting tbo laut-'rn, when .-ill was dono, at the foot of one bf the Mounds, tiny comfortably trotted to and fro for an evening waite, to the end that the murky cobwebs iii Mrs Boflia's brain might bo blown away. ,*. Thoro, my dour !' stil Hr, B iffin wbon they came in to supper. "That was tho treatment, you see.' Completely worked rouni, haven t yon ?" "Yea, doiry,' eaid Mrs. Boffin, laying aside her: shnwl. " I'm not nervous any more. I'm not a bit troubled now.. I'd go any n'Itère about tho house the sann as ever. But--'? "Eli!" sail-Mr. Boffin. "But I've only ti shut my eyes," " And what then ?" " Why then," snU Mrs. Boffin, Bpe&king; with her eves close j, and her left hand thonehtfully touching her brow, " then, thoro they nro ! Tho bid man's face, and it gets younger The two childtoa'n faces, and they get olJer. A faoe that I don't kuoir. And then alt the faoea !" Opening her eyes again, an3 Booing her husband's face across the table, she leaned forward to give it a pat on the ohoelt, and sat down to supj.or, dedaring it to be the bittfaco in tho world. Mr. Itokeamith having entered upon bia ddbios ai Sec- retary to thoGc-Mon Dustmin writosto Mr. Lightwno'J, communicating to tint logal lnntinary, Mr. Boffin s leave to do as he likes in the matter of advertising for Mr. Julius Handford ;-anil then addresses himself to the supply of Mr?. Boffin's wants in the matter of an orphan. On this subject tho talo proceeds : Among his first occupations tho pursuit of that orphan wanted by Mri». Biffin held a conspicuous place. From the earliest moment of his engagement he shooed a ptrticular desire to please.ber, anti,knowing her to have this object at heart, be followed it up with unwearying alucrity and interest. _Mr. and Mrs. Milvoy had found their search a difficult one. Either an eligible orphan was of the wrong sex', (rhich almost always happened) or was too old or too joung, or too biokly, or too dirty ; or too much. accus- tomed to tho stree's or to» likely to run, away ; or,- it. was : found impossible to oompleto tko philanthropic traneaation without buying'tbe orphan. For, tho instant it became known that anybody wanted tho orphan,'up started some afieot'onaie relative of the orphan who pot a price upon the orphnn's.-hoad. Tue sudaecnoss of un orphan B ri BO in tho ma-ket was not to bo . paralleled hy the maddest records'of the Stock Exuhange. He would be at five thousand p?r'ceh't discount ont at nurse' making a mud fia at nina in tho morning,- and (being inquired for) would go Hp to lito thous md por cont premium before noon. Tho market was "j rigged" in various artful ways , Counterfeit stock got into circu- lation. Parents boldly represented themselves as dead and brought their orphans-wit'i them. -Genuine orphan stoak was eurreptitiou-ly| withdrawn from the market. It being announced, by emissaries posted for tbo purpose, th» Mr. and Mrs. M l'oy were coming down the court, orphan scrip would be instantly oucenlcd, and production refined, siive on a oordition nsnally stated by tho brokers na a 'gallon of bear." Liko iriso, fluotunions of a wild and Sonth-Sei nature ' were orcisionod, by orphan-holders keeping back, and thou rushing into the market a' dozen together. But, the uniform principle at the root of all these various opera- tions wos'bargain and Hale ; and that principle oould not bo reeognised by Mr. and Mrs. Milvcy. At length, tidings wero received by tho Reverend Fra k of a obarming orphan to ha found ut Brentford. -.Ono of the deceased parents (Ute h!a parishioners) had a poor widowed qrandroit' or in thal agreeable-town, and she, Mrs. Bet'y Iligden, had carried oil' the orphan with maternal care, bub could not alford to keep kim. . Tho Secretary propored to Mrs. Boffin, either to go down h'mse'f and lake a prolirolcnry survey of this orphan, or tu drive lior down, that she might at o-ice form her own op;nion Mr;. Bpflin prolorrin; the latter course, thoy sot off one morning- in a hiieJ phaeton conveying the hammer-headed young min be- hind bern. . The';ibode of Mrs. Betty Higdon was not easy, to find, lying,in such complicated back settlements of muddy Brentford that tboy left their equipage ¡nt the' sign' of (he TL roe Magpies, and went in search, .of it rn foot. After many inquiries and defea'n, there was pointed oat to them, in a Inno, a very small cottage residence), with a board across the opon doorway, becket on to whiob hoard by tho armpits wain young gentleman of. tender venrd bugling for mud whit a headless woodoo horse and line. In tnt* yoting sportsman, distinguished br ä crisply ' cutling'nubnrn head and a bluff countenance, the Secre arv descried the orthan. It unfortuna'ely happened as they quickened their paoo. t'- at tho ort han lott t > considérations of personal safety in tho ardour of thc moment overbalanced him- self and toppled <nto tho street. Boiag an orphan of a ohtibV oon ormttion, ho then took to rolling, .anc had rnllod into tho gutter beforo th »j oou'd oomo up. From tho gutter he was rescued by Juhu Ruk-smitb, and thus the first moating with, Mrs. Higden'wn* inaugurated hy ilia awkward circumstance of their|being in póseoisíón \- ono would sty at first sight unlawful possessen of tho orphan, uptido down and purple in thcoountot.anca. The board nero s the doorway too acting as a trap equally fir tho feet of Mrs. Higdon coming out ' and tho feet of.Mr«". Boffin and John Uoke-mith going in, greatly ino oisod tho difficulty of Uto situation, to whioh the cries of the orphan imparted à lugubrious and in Immun ohsriietcr. At urBt.it was impossible: to explain, on account of tho or(>hin'8 "bo ding hi» broatb ;" a most torrlfio proceeding, suroiinducing in tho 'orphan, Itad- oolour. rigidity and n deadlr eilonoo. compared with which lita eries wee mu- io yielding (he height pf enjoyment Mut as ho gradually recovered Mr«. Baffin gm 'nally introd.ood. herself, and smiling po>co was gradually wooed back to M's. B(itty'Higden's| home. It was then perceived to bs n small .homo with a larg« mangle in it, at tin I nndlo| of which machino stood a vor.i. long boy, with a very. little" head, and'un open month of disproportionate capacity that seemed to as«ist h's eyes in staring at tho visitor*. Ir. a corner helo w t ho mangle, on a onuplo of »tools,'sat two very lit lo children j a boy and a girl ¡ and wh.en the very, long boy, in an interval of staring, took a tiru at tho m tn nie, it was alarming lo Bte how it lunged itself at those t"o innocent!), like a catapult desigi od for their «¿estriiotlot, harmlessly retiring when within an inch of their heads. The ro>m was rloan and neat. It had a brick fl )i>r, and a win Jo w of diamond panes, and a flounce hanging below' tho ohimiieyl-plecoi and ' Btrin'g-* nilled from bottom to top out-ide tho window on which scarlot-benns were |o grow in tho coming'soason if the Futes wore propitious.. However propitious they might have been |n tho Boason- that ».ero gone, to Hetty Higdcn io the matter 'of bean«, they bad nat b.'on very favoiiralnViti tho matter of coin« ; for it'wasensy to see tint sho was poor. ', .. , . 'Sba was ono of those old women, wat Mrs.'Betty Higden, who'by dint of un indomitable purpose nnd ri Btronj constitution fight lout m iny yearsjihoogh eaoh year has como with its no» knock-down blows fresh lo tba' light against har, wearied hy it ; an activo old woman, with a bright'dirk oyo and resolute faoe, yo*, quit; a tender creature too ; not a jlo^lodly-rensoning woman, but ¡God is good, and hearts may count in Heaven as high afehend'. '[ j , "Yes stire I" s.idishe, when ! the business wa» epoiiol ' Mr>. Ittivey had tho kltiddcas to writo tome, ma'unl. nh l I got Sloppy to read it. lt WBB a pretty lotter. But »ho's an afluido I*dy.' ! Titi visitors glanced ut the long hov, who seemed tn tndiotlo by a broad-r stare of hil mouth and eyes tha lu him Sloppy stuod confessed. 1 ' For I nlnt, you must know," said Betty, " much of a hand ut refilling ivrltiug-tmnd, though I oan rend my Bihli- and rno*l pi Int. ' And I do loyu- aniiwspapor.-You miidit'iit ihibk it, but. Sloppy is n lienutilul rnvler ol a iiew.-ptper.f I Hu du ibe l'olloe lu djfl'oront v io '." ,' Tlni vihitofn npain eniistileroi ita point of poli oness io ;ioik itt Sloppy, vfhti)'. limiting at thbln, Hui'tli'nly tliiew bnolt Ii'1« bend, eilo.ided l.ii mouth tu itn ntuiust. width, mid laughed loud ai d loi g. At, tira ti e two iuiiootnti, with tlclr bruins in tliut njqinr. nt dui ger hñghod, and Mri. Higden Unshed, and tho orphan 1 haghed, and thon the~vlsitora laughed. ' Which was mere cheerful than intelligible. ; Tren Sloppy seeming to be seized with an industrious maida or farr, turno I to nt the mangle, and impelled it at tba heads of the innocents with stinh a o.-eaking and rambling, that Mrs, Higden ttorped him. .'Tho gentlefolks oan'c hear themselves speak, Sloppy. Bid* a bit, bide a bit i'l "Is that the deir obild in your lap?" said Mr;. Boffin ',' Tos, mi'am, this ls Johnny." ".Johnny, too!" oriod Mrs Bjilin, turning to tho Secretary ; " already Johnny ! Only one of the two names left to give him ! He'd a pretty boy." With his chin tuokoj down in h ia shy childish manner, he was looking furtively at Mrs. Boffin ont or his hlue oye», nnd reaohing his fat dimpled band up to the lips ot. tho old woman,- who waa kissing it by times. " Ye3, ma'am, lie's a pretty boy he's a doar darling boy, Ibo's tho child of my own last left daughter's daughter. But she's gone the way of all tho rest." "Tho o ara not his brother and sls'or?" said Mr«, Boffin. \\. ..- ; " Oh, de ir rio, ma'am. Those aro Mindora. ' " Minders Î" the Secretary repeatod. "Left.to be Minded, sir. I keep a Minding-Sohool. I on take only three, on account ot'the Mangle. But I love chil Iron and Futtr-ponce a week it Four- penco. Como hore, Toddles and Poddies,*' Toddlos was tho pet-náme of the boy; Poddies of tho girl. . At their little unsteady paco they carno soross tho door, band-in-hand, as if they wera traversing an extremely difficult road intersected by brooks, and when they hal hal their heads pa ted by Mrs. Betty Higden', made hinges at the orphm, dramatical'y representing an attimpt to hoir him, crowing, into, oiptivity and slavey. All the three children enjoyed this to a delightful-extent, and the sympathetic Sloppy again laughed leng and loud. When it was dlicreet to stop the p'ay, Betty Higden said, ' Go to yoar seats Toddles and Poddies," and they returned hnnd-in-hnnd noross country, seeming1 to find tire brooks rather swollen by late raine. "And Mas'or or Mister- Sloppy ?" said the S'orctary, in doubt whether he was maa, boy or what. "A love-child,' returned Betty Higden, dropping 1 er voico ; " parents nevor known ; found in the street. He was brought up in tho-" wilh a shiver of repugnance, «<-the Houso." "Tho Poor-house?' «aid tho Secretary. Mrs. Higden sit that resolute old face of hers, and darkly nodded yes. ? " You dieliko the mention of if." "Dislike the mention : of it?" answered the old woman. "Kill mo sîoncr than take me thero. Throw this pretty child .tinder curt-hows' feet and a loaded wajgon, sooner than take him there. Come to tts and find us all a-dying, and lot a light to us all whoro we ligand let us all blase away with the house into a heap of cinders, sooner than move a etrpteuf us.tbere 1" A surpris'ng spirit in thu lonely worn in nrter so many years Of hard working, and hard living, my Lords and Gentlemen and Honorable Boards! What u it that we call it in our grandiose7, speeches? Biitlsh indepondcnco, rather porvorto'Jî .i Is that, or something like it, the ring of tho cant? ,, ' ' Do I never read intho newnrnpcrs," said the dame, fondling the child-"God help me and the like of me I how the wOrn-out people that do come down to that, get driven from post to pillar and pillar to post, a purpose to tire them ont ! Do I never read how they are put off, put off", put off-how they are grudged, grudged, gradged, the' she't'r, or the doctor, or the drop of physio/ or the hit cf bread ? Do I never reid how they grow heartsick of it and give it up, nfter having lot themselves drop so low, and how they after all dio ont for want of help ? thon I say I hons I can die as well as another, and I'll die without that disgrace. . Absolutely/impossible my Lords and Gentlomcn and Honorable Boards by soy stretch of legislative wisdom to set those perverse peoplo right in their logic? . Johnny ray pretty, ' continued old detty, caressing the child, and rather mourning over it than Bpçnking to it, "youro'd Granny Betty i^nigher fourscore year than threescore arid ton.' Sho hévor begged nor had a penny of the Union money in all her life. She paid soot, and she paid lot when she had money to pay'? she worked when she could, and she Bttrvod when she must. You pray tbnt your'Granny may have strength enough loft her at tho last (she's strong for an old ono, Johnny), to got np from her bed and run-and hide her- self, and swoon to death in a hole, sooner than fall into the hands of those Cruel Jaoks we road of, that, dodge and drive, and- worry and weary, and scorn and shume, .thedooont pjor." r .Ajbrilliant. success, my Lords and Gentlemen one . Honorable'Beards-to have brought it to this in thc minds of tho host of tho poor 1 Und^r submission, might it bo worth thinking of, at any odd time? The fright and abhoronce . that Mrs. Betty Hii>den smoothod out of hex «trong face as she ended this diver- sion, showed bow seriously she had meant it. '"And does lie work for j ou ?" askèl the Secretary, gently bringing the discourse back to Master or Mister Sloppy. ' .... " Yes," said. Dotty with a good-humoured smile and nod of the head. '' And.well too." ; " Uoes he livohorc?" . " He livea moro here than anywhere. He was thonght to bo no better than a Natu al, and first come to nt» ai a Minder. I made interest with Mr. Blngg the Beadle to have hin aa n allnder^seeing him by chanco np-at ohureit, and thinking I might clo something with him. For he was a weak riokotty oreetur then." "Is he oalled by his right name? * ?i " Why,.you se», speaking quite ocrrcotly, ha has no right nanto I always understood he took his name from betUK found on a Sloppy night.' " Ho seems an aniiahlo fellow." . "Blessyou sir, ibero's, not a bit!of Mm,''returned Batty " that not omiable. So von may juline how amiable he if, by running your oyo nlong bis ljoight.** Of an ungainly ranko lin» Sloppy. Too muoh of him longwise, too little.of him broadwise, nnd too many I sharp angles of him angle-wise; Ono of those shamb- ling malo human creatures, berri to be indiscreetly can- did.in tho revelation.of buttons; every button he had about him glaring at the publio to quito a preternatural extent. A considerable oapitil ot »noa anl elbow and wrist ntid nnkl", hod Sloppy, and bo did'ntknow how to dispose of it to »ho b st mlvanta e, but was nlwnys in- vesting in wr.Wir sooiititioi, and so trotting himself into embarrassed circumstances. Full-Private Number One in tho Awkward Squad of tho rank and file of life, was Sloppy nnd yet had his glimmering notions ol' standing true to tliO OolOilrg. ' _ " And now * sa'd Mrs. Boffin " concerning Johnny." As Jr lin nv, with bia chin tuokr d in and his lips pout- ing, reclined ia Bottv's lap, concentrating his blue eyes on the visitors nul shading thom from observation with a dimpled arm, did Betty took one of his fresh fat hands in her withered right, ond-fell to gontly beating it on hor withered loft. "Yes ma om. Oncoming Jolinoy." ' '' If you t list tboe'ear child to "nie," sud Mr», Boffin with a faoo inyiting trnst, ¡'he shall have tho best of homes, the bi'Bt of care, tho host of éducation, the bokt friends, Ploiso GodJI will boaj'ruo g o l mother toliim, ' " I nm thankful to you, ma'am, «nd tho denr ohild would ho thankful if bó ivas oldienoijgh to understand;' Still lightly beating tho little hand upon her own. "I wouldn't stand itt the dear .child's light, not if 1 had all my lifo before mo instead of a vor; littlo of it. But I hope ynu won't, take it ill that I oleave to tho ch i'd oloser than Wordscan tell, for ho's tho last living thing loft me.' . " Tako' it 111. my dear.soul Î ! Is,it likely ? And you ao tender of him as to brinn him home here !" "1 have seen," B»id Betty, still with that light b?at upon her hard routd)! hand, ''so' many nf thorn on my lap. An 1 they nie. all gone but this ono I l am ashamed to seem so selfish, hut I don't really moan .it. It'll be tho making ol' his fortuno, and ho'll to' a gentleman when I ani doad. I - I don t know what comr-s over nie. I - try against it. Don't notloo me !" Tue light ho it Stopped the reraluto mouth g*to way, and tho fine strong old fuco broko up into weakness and tears. ¡. , Now, greatly, to tho roliof ef tho vi itors, tho emotional Sloppy nóVoncr bohóld his patroness in this condition, than, throwing baok his heid and throwing men his month, he lifitd up his voico and belloiro i Th'n alarmiiu no'o of something wrong Instantly terri- fied ToJdli-s arid B 'lillies! who !wore nb Boonor hoard to mar surprisingly, limn Johnny, curving himself tho wr ng "ny and «ttiking oit afc Mrs. Boflin with a nair of inililferont. 'shoos \ beenmo a prey to despair. Tho absurdity cf tho ?iti'atimüptit, its pathos to thc rout. Mrs. Hoity Minden wns berso'f in a moment, and brought thom all to order with that sp od, that, Sloppy Btnppinir short! in u polysyllabic! bellow, transferred his energy to lim millidie, und boil (jiken s:vond poultcntial tuniB before ho oould lie stopped^ ! ,': " Tl-ero,.there, there I" (¡ni I Mre. Boffin, eImo.st,,'.ro giirding her kind self IIB the must ruth URS ol women. » Ni thlui; is-LO iivf to bn done. .. Nobody need bo fiiijhtonrd. ' tyo'ro nil cuml'ot Ubl-i ; ain't we: Mts, Ulgdeu!' "¡Suro and oertnin we are," returned Be'tv. , . ' "¡AnJ thora really ia no harry, iou 'mow.*' said Mra. Boffin io a lower voioe. " Take time to think of it, my . goid creature !" ^Don't'you'fear me no more, ma'am," «aid Betty, " I thoiglit of it for good yesterday.^ I don't know what came over me Just now, but it ll never cone agaiD.'' " Well, ttien, Johnny shall have moro time to think of it,' returned Mrs Boffin; "the pretty child shall ha>o limo to got uso! to lt. And you ll got him more used to it, if you think well of it; wou't you ?" Botty undertook tba!, oheerfulty and readily. "Lor,"ciied Mre. Boffin, looking radiantly nbout her " wo want to mike avery body happy, not diemal ! And perhaps you wouldn't mind letting mo kno* how used t> it yon hogîn to get, and how it all gooe on?" ' Til send Sloppy," said Mrs. Higden. "And this gentleman who has come with me will pay him. for ld< trou'do," said Mrs, Boffin. "And Mr. Sloppy, whenever you como to mv house, be sure you never go away without having had a good dinner of moat, bier, voge'ables, and fudding." This still further brightened the faco of affaira ; fur, tho highly sympa'hetio Sloppy, tint hroally stating and L'rinning, and then r aring with Wughter, Toddloi and Poddies followed nuU, and Jobnnv trumped the triok. T and P considering tbeso favorah o olroumalar.oes for tho resumption of th»t dramatio descent upon Johnny, again ca no aoross-oountry hnnl-in-hand upon o buc- caneering expedition ; and this having been fought ont in tho ohimnoy crner hohind Mre. Hi. don's chair with itreat valour on both sides, tlioio desperate pi ratoi ro turnod hund-in-h md to their'stools," ^across the dry bed sf a mountain torrent. "You must toll mo what I oin do for you, Betty my friond,_' said Mrs. Boffin confidentially,* " if not to-day, next timo." ?'Thank yon all tho same, ma'am, but I wantnothiRg for myself. I oin work. I'm strong. I can walk twenty miles if I'm put to it." Old Betty was proud, and said it with a sparkl« in her bright eyes. "Yes, but there are sorno little comforts that yon wouldn't bo the worse for," returned Mrs. Boffin. '? Bless ye, I wasi't barn a Indy any more than yon." " It seems to me," »aid Betty, smiling, "that «ou were boru a lady, and a true one, or there cover was a lady beru. But f ooulda't take anything from you, my dear. I never did take anything fr.>m any one. It ain't that I'm not grateful, but I love to cam it hotter.' " Well, well 1" roturned Mrs Boffin. " I only spoke of little things, or I ooulda't, have taken the liberty." Betty pat her visitor's hand to her lips in acknow- ledgment of the d<dioito answer. Wonderfully upright bor figure was, and wonderfully soli-reliant her lo<k, as, standing faring her visitor, she explained hors>lf further. "If leonid have hep1, tho dov ohild, without tho dread that's always upon me of his ojming to th.it fate 1 havo spoken of, I ojuld never have puted with him, eton to you. For I lovo him, I lovo him, I lovo him ! I lovo my husband long dod and gone, in him ¡ I luve my children dead and gone, in him ; I lovo my young and hopeful diys dead and gone, in him. I couldn't sell ti at lore, and look you in your bright kind faod. It s a free giff. I am in want ff nothing. When roy strength fui h rae, if I can but die out qtuok and quio', I eh adi be quite content. I bova stood between my dead and that Bhatio I have s.ioken of, ami it has been kept off from every' one of thom. Sewed into my gown.'. with ber hand upw her b east, " is just enough to lay me in the grave. Only toe that it's tightly spent so as I may test free ' to the laH from that cruelty and di<gioao, and you ll have done mi oh moro 'li in !a litt'e thing for ma and all that in this present world my heart is set upou." Mrs. Betty Higden's visitor pressed her hand. Thero was no maro breaking u? of the strong old face inti weakno'S. Mt Lordt and Gentlemon and Honorable Boards, it really was as composed as our own facs and almost as di-niued. And now, Johnny was to bo inveigled into occupying a 'ou.bor.iry position on Mrs. Boffin's_ jap. It was not until (ie had neon piqued into competition' with tho two diminutive Minders, hy seeing theta aucootsivoly raisid to that post and retire from it without injury, that he couldjbobf n.y means induced lo loaro Mrs. Botty linden's skirti ; towards which ho exhibited, even «'hen :.in Mr'f. Boffin's embrace, strong yearnings, spiritual and bodily; tho former expressed in a vory gloomy visage, the latter in oxtondo 1 ' arms. However, a . eonorjil description of the tov-wonders lurking in Mrn. líoüWa honee, so far conciliated this woi Idly, minded orphan as to itidnco him tostare lither frowningly, with a Gah jin bis mouth, and oven at length to chuokio when .a richly-caparisoned bone on wheels, with a miraculous gift of cantering to cake-shops, was mentioned. This nound being taken up by. the Minders, swelled into a rapturous trio whioh «rave sren<ral satisfaction. So, J tho interview wa< considered very sueo?sVful, nnd Mrs. d3olliu was pleased, »nd u'l were sathfied; Nor loast oral), Sloppy, who undertook tooonduat tho visitors ba:k ¡by thé bo.t w y to tho Throe Mngpioi, and whom; the hammer-headol young mm mach despisod. This piece of busiueie thus nut in train, theSeoreti'y. ,dr.>vo¡Mrs. Dollin beok to tho ldawor, and fnui.d employ 1 mont for himself at the new honse until evening. Who th r, wbon'oven'hg came, he took a way to his lodgings that lei through fi elds, .wi th. any dodgn of finding M'si Bella jWilfor in thone (¡olds, is not ru obtain as that she regularly walked there at that hour And, moreover; it is coi tain th.Bt there she wai. No ¡longer in mourning, Miss Bolla was drostod in as pretty colours as she could minder. There is no deny ing tuUt sho was,aä pretty ai they, and that sho and the colours wont vory prettily t lecher. Sho was read- ing as she walked, and of a uree it is to be inferrod, .from htr showing no know'odjjo of Mr. Rokestnith's approach, that she did not know bo waa apprjaohiug. "Eh?" said Miss Bell», raising her eyes from her book, whon ho stopped before her. "Ohl It's yon.1' "Only f. A fine evening I'* " Is it V said Bella, I raking coldly r.u'nd. " i sttp po«s it is, now yoi mention it. I havo not boon think- ing of the ovoning." I " Bo intent upon your book?" " Yo-e-es," replied B.-llsj with a drawl of indliler I once ! " ' " A love story, Mbjs Wilfer?" " Oh dear no. or I shouldn't bo reading it. It's moro n^ont ni-noy than anything else " ''And does it say that money ia better^than any- thing ?'' . ?. ' " Upon my word," returnel Bolla, " I forgot what it sara, but yon osn Omi out fdr yourself, if you Uko, Mr. Itnkosrnith. I don't »ant lt any moro." Tho Secretary tonk the biok - sha hui fluttered tho leavos'us if it were u fan-and walked beslda hor. "I ana oha'god with a message for you, ' Miss Wilfer." , . '.Imponible, I think !" said Della, with.another drawl, " From Mrs. Boffin. Sho dosirod mo to nssiroyou of tho ple.iHiiro sho has is 'finding that sha will bo ready to reoeivo you in a neok or two nt furtho-t " ' Bella turned ber haul towards hiniwilh her prettily insolent eyebrows raised, and her.eyelids dropping. As muoh |as ti say, "Hot did you come by tho mejunje, pray?" " I havo boen waiting for on opportunity of telling you that I am Mr. Befliu e Soorotary." ' I am as wise a* ever," said Miss Bolla, loftily, " for I do >'t know what a Secretary is. . Not that it signifies.' '.Notât all.» A ouvert glenco at. her fae?, ai ho walked beside hor, showed him that she did not expect his ready asiont to that proposition. ' ' , ' ' , " " Thon are you going to bo always : there, Mr. RokoBtnith 1" she inquired, as if that would bo u draw- back. ; "Always? Np. Very muob thora ? Yo«." * Rear mo [" drawled tiollo, in n tono of morliiloaticm '. "Bill my ptBttion thoro as Secretary, will be very dinroroiit from jours a« uues'. You will krio» little tr norliitjg about me. I -hill trans tot tho bosinest : you will transaot tho ploastiro. I shall , have my salary to ouru ;| j. m will bavo nothing to do but tooloy and allraot. * ' , " Ajltrnct. slr?'' said B ila, again willi her oroboows raised! and her eyelids dropping. " I don't uudtritniid yon. M ' Without rot lying on this point, Mr. Bokosmith \ went bu .' Excuse me; whoa I first Baw you in your black d-CBl'j- ' . * (" There !" wns Miss Bol la's mo tal oxulnraition "," Whái did I say 'o thom nit home? ? Every body noticed that ridiculous tnouriiin^.') . . ' ^Y'11'" l.flret taw yoi! In your hlobk dress, I WSB nt Ions Iq uonount for that dis'itiot'oo bennett younolf und yuin mn i ly. 1 hopo it was not impertinent to npoonlato .upcti it .'' ., .'. j 1 .; .;... * " 1 jhopo no^-l am sure,!' paM Mies Bolla, haughtily. ' ' But! you (.light to liiioir bot', l ow, you speculated upon it." » " . .n :i I I ; I Mr. Itokesmlth inclinod his head in a dept coa tory I munuor, and uoiitcn.j , " SiiKO I Ii ave lu oa entrusted with Mr. Boffin'* affairs I liavo necamariljr come to underlined the little mystery. I ventvre to remark that 1 feel persuaded that much of your lo» mule repaired. I speak, of ooorse, merely of wealth, Miss Wilfer.' The loss of s perfect stranger, whoso worth, or worhlesineBs I cannot estimate-m r you ci her is lo-ide the question. Pat this gentleman and lady ore so full of simplicity, so loll of generosity so incline.) towa-dsyou, nnd so ) desirous to-how «lt i'l 1 express lt?-to mako amends for their good fortune, thnt yon have only to respond." As hs watched her with nnothor covert Icok, fae saw a certa n amMti ms triumph in her face whioh no assumed oídnos ojtild cotoial. "As we h .vo fo^ii brou, ht under ono roof hy aa occidental combination of circumstances which eddly exteids itself to tho new relations before tts I have taken tko iibtriy of saying those few wordp. Yon don't consider them intrusive 1 hope!" enid the Secretary with deference. " 1'o.illy, Mr. Roltcsm'th, I can't e»y what I consider thom,'* returned the young lady. 'They aro perfeolly new to mn, and may be founded altogother On your own imagination." " Y'ou will see." Tho-ie sarto fields were opposite tho Wilfer premiips. The discreet Mrs Wilfer now locking out of window aud beholding her daughter in aonierouco with her lodg r in.tait ly tied up her head aud cunio out for a casual walk. " I luvo boen lolliog Mi's Wilfer," sail John Roke smtte, ns the majestic lady ca-no stalking up, " that I hare become, hy a curious chance, Mr. Bufliu's Sscretiry or man of bushiest " '1 have ii it," returned Mrs. Wilfer, waving ' er «loves in her chronic state of dignity, and vaguo ill-usage, Boffin, and it if) not tor mo to congatulate that gent'e mnn on the acqu'ation h» has made." " A pjor ono enough," said lt kosmitb. " Pardon me," ro' urned Mr?. Wilfer, "tho merits of Mr. Rollin may bo highly distinguished .. mny be more) distingo shod than the countenance of Mrs. Boffin wou'd i nply-but it wore tho insanity ot humility to deem h m worthy of a bo:ter sssis'ant!" " You aro very g od. I bavo also been tolling Mies Wilfer, that she is expected very shortly at the new residenco in town." " tho honour of any intimato " Hnvi g (neilly consented," said Mrft »Vilfor with a grand shrur of her shoulders, and another wave of her glovo3, " to my ohild's accoptanoe of tho proffered attentions of MrB. Hollin, I inte'poso no objection." Here Miss Bolla oilVred the remonstrance) "Don't talk nonsonse, ma, pleasp." . roaoo ! . ooiil Mrs. Wilfer. ": Ko, ma. I am rot going to bi made so absurd. Interposing objections !" "I say,- ropoa'.ed Mrs. Wilfer, with a vast aceces of grand ur " that I am not going to intorpose objections. If Mrs. B)fli i(t) whMO oiunte-unoo no disoiplo of Lavater con'd pvshüy for a single moment subscribe,) with a shiver, ' seeks to illuminate her now n>B¡ lenco in town «¡th th) nt'raclioi s of a child of mine, I am content that she should be favo aro J by tho oompauy of a ohiM of mine. ' " Yon uso the word, ma'am I bavo myself used," said Rokèsmith, with a glance at Bella, " H lion y u speak of Miss Wil'ei'i) attractions there." " Pardon mo," returned Mrs Wilfer, with dreadful solemnity, but I have cot finished.' " Pray excuse mo." " I was about to say,'' pursued Mrs. Wilfer, who o'oirly had not had tho tarntest idea of saying anything more : " that when I used tho torm attractions 1 do BO with tin qualification that I do not menu it in any way whalo»cr." The excellent Indy delivered this luminous elucidation of her views with an air .of greatly obi ¡gi ni her hoirers, and greatly distinguishing her"olf. Whereat Miss Bella laughed a scornful littlo laugh and said : ' "Quit) enough about this, lam »ure, on all sides. Have tho goodness. Mr. Itokeimith to givo my love to Mrs., B iffin -" .. Pardon me ! ' criod Mrs. Wilfer. * Compliments." ' Lovel" reposted Bo'Ia, with a littlo stamp of her foot.' *' No !" baid Mrs. Wilfer, montononslr. ' Com» pliments.' C<Si»y Miss Wilfoi's love, and Mre. Wilfar'a com- pliment»." tho Seoretary proposed, BS a compromiso.) < And I shall bo very gla 1 to ooma when she ii toady forme. Tho sooner tho beti cr " "One lost word,Bella," sahl Mrs. Wilfer, " before descending to tho family apirtmont. I trust that os a .chilli'of mine iou wilt over bo setniblo that it will bo graceful in you, when asiooiating witli Mr. and Mrs. Boitin upon eqttil terms, to remember that the Seorotary, Mr. Unke-mitti, ns your fathers lodger, has a claim on your good word. ' Tho condescension with whtoh Mrs. Wilfor delivered this proc'amatiou of patronage, was ns wonda fui as the swiftness willi which tho lodger bad lost cos o in the Seorotary. Ho smiled aa tho mother retired down stairs'; but his face Iel', IIB tho danghtor followed. " Sb insole .t, so trm.l, BO capricious, BO mercenary, so careless, so haid to touoh so hard to turn !'. ho said, bitterly. And added aa ho wont upstairs. " And yet so pretty, so pret'y I" And added presently, as he walked to and fro in bia room i' -And if »he linewl" Rho]knew that ho wat -haleine tho house by his walk- ing to mid tro; and abo deolar.d it another of the miseries of being poor, that you couldn't get rid of a hunting Soorotary, stump stump-stumping overhead in tho (lurk, Uko a Ghost. (7*o be continued.) 