OUR LONDON LETTER, JULY 26IH. England is rapidly recovering from election fever. Practically the elections were over last week. The result shows a gain of sixty seats to the liberals and of thirty three to the tories ; leaving a balance of twenty-seven, or a majority of filly-four in the case of a division, in favor of the government. The majority : i the old Parliament, judging from the last j^'eat trial of strength, the division on the Danish question <a July, 1864, was eighteen. This will give therefore a liberal majority of seventy-two The battle has been a very interesting one. It has been stoutly fought, and gloriously won. The practical question put to tbe decision of the electors was, would they accept Mr Gladstone or Mr Disraeli Liberalism and conservatism were fairly championed by these men and every one accepted tbe issue. Liberalism means, said Mr Gladstone, trust in tbe'people limited only by prudence; conservatism, distrust of tbe people limited by fear. The former, says John Stuart Mill, now to tbe delight of all educated liberal throughout Kurpe, America and Australia, M. P. for WcBtm : ns»sr, looks forward for its example, Toryism looks backwards. The Tories have heen asserting during the past two years that there bas been in England a tory reaction and the assertion bas been so often made that manv of us were beginning to believe it, That ghost anyhow has been laid within tbe last fou. eta days. As I have mentioned, in actual numbers, the liberals have gained upwards of filly in a hvae lost the ; - seats it has usually been to make way for radicals, occasionally, it is true, a tory member has taken the place of a liberal, but the liberal's colour has usually been so near to that of the lory's that rte observer required to be told what it was. Of this latter class was Mr Walter,whose opinion is always : regprded as identified with that of the'Times.' Tjat ; ournalhates refour detests Mr Gladstone and upholds the South. Fence the liberals of Berkshire saw no reason to prefer its representative to avowed tories and a lowed both M" Walter and Mr Bouverie to be expelled by unknown men. The metropolitan elections came first. Four liberals were elected for the city including Mr Goschen who as 'an advanced liberal and a highly educated, thoughtful man has already won the ear of the House. Two liberals were elected for Greenwich. In Finsbury, Mr Cox who has n--.de himse'f obno: ous lor the part he took in leacjcini» with the tories to expel Mr Stanfield from the n J iislry because he would not giveuT the friendship of Mazzini. wss turned out to ma-e room for Mr Torrens. This gentleman is an author of high repute and a con- ' tributor to the ' Daily News." In Southwark, Hem / A. Layard.of Nineveh fame, mis re-elected without opposition. In Lambeth the contest was a most exciting one. Thomas Hughes author of 'Tom Brown's School Days,' announced himself as a candidate about a month before the elec^'on. He waa altogether unknown in the borough except,as a literary man who was also an advanced liberal. A committee was formed for him with Mr Ruskin, the celebrated writer on art as its chairman. As there are 26,000 electors he did not attempt a canvass, but contented himself with holdinp'.public meetings. Volunteers came in rapidly to bis assistance the trades unions, for whom he has always sacrificed time and labor, heartily declared for him absolutely. There were promises of voters who had never taken the trouble to vote before. Whereever he showed himself he was cheered as Tom vU """"•1 —.'"'V.'* C election tilings began to look hopelul. But the opposition was strong. Doulton and Lawrence, the two former had ready formed committees, a great amount of organization, were both well known local men, were both possessed of great wealth and both announced pretty significantly that they were prepared to spend it. Mr Hugnes declared that he was not prepared to spend a farthing beyond what was absolutely necessary for legitimate purposes. Like the mayor of Calais, who gave twenty seven reasons for not firing a royal salute, the firat of which was that he had no powder, Mr Hughes objected to everything inconsistent with purity of election and in the second place had not got the money to spare. He was proposed by a working man belonging to Price's Patent Candle Company, and at the nomination he gained the show of hands. That, a» a rule, is of no consea quence in England, as most of my readers know. But in Lambeth it is ofcouscquence because rents are so high that a ten pound household franchise includes the best part of the working men. Hopes accordingly ran high. Doulton and Lawrence, however, were large tradesmen or as the fashion goes, large employers of labour and could each send several hundred men into the field from their own shops. On the polling day, Mr Hughes' friends worked like veterans. Cabs, private carriages, waggons, all were set to work to bring up those electors who were not able to walk to the polling booths. There certainly was not a pint of beer to be had at Mr Hughes's expense, but his men were of the stuff that did not desire it The two opponents whom I have mentioned, toge:her with a fourth candidate—a tory—who only polled 450 votes to the loser of liberal color's 4700, had contrived to get hold of nearly all the caba, BO that Hughes suffered in this respect. The cry had been steadily kept up against him that he would not go to the poll; that he was a Roman Catholic, that he was a Puscyite; that he was a lawyer anxious to ga'u office. The poll began at eight o'clock. The first hour sent Mr Hughes to the head. Gradually Doulton drew on him, was ahead at ten, farther ahead at eleven, not less than 350 ahead at noon. Still Hughes was a thousand a head of the third candidate Alderman Lawrence. Hughes's volunteers determined, however, to fight hard now for the head of the polL Telegrams cam.! in that John Stuart Mill on the other side of the water was winning, and that all was going well for the liberals in the city. Now commenced an exciting struggle. Doulton's and Laurence's men would come down to poll in compact bodies, so said those members' friends, ior their mastera. Swiftly ran tho caba, carriage? and carts between twelve and two! LadieB with their privates carriages plastered over with "Hughes, the people's candidate" " Vote early for Hughes," were sitting side by side with greasy engineers and even costermongers, driving as hard as they could to the oiling booth. Your correspondent during the Say brought up men from evenr part of London. As one o'clock Btrnck a hundred men from the celebrated engineering factory of Maudslay md Sons. and|seventymore,irom Price's candle factory turned out in a body to plump for Hughea Nothing between twelve and two was to be heard at the polling booth except plumpers for Hughes unless indeed occasionally a voter said Doulton or Lawrence, but even then in nineteen cases out of twenty he added, and, one for Hughes. Tbe excitement was at its highest pitch at two o'clock. What had been tbe result of the two honrs' polling f At each booth those who bad been present, knew that Hughes had been drawing hard on Doulton, but tne knowing ones of the enemy's party shook their heads and referred us to the other polling places. At half-past two the returns were issued, and then it was seen that Hughes had not only recovered the 850 votes in arrear of Doulton, but had been placed by two hundred votes at the head of the poll. Until four o'clock, when the poll closed, Doulton was slightly reooveriu^ bat when the last hour struck, Tom Brown was head of the poll by a majority of ninety three. Never was sn election victory so completely won by individusl exertion as this was. Organisation he bed none, while lite enemy's was nearly perfect The battle, however, was a sold'er's battle, and won by each man acting as an electioneei'uff general. John S. Mill was also successful in Westminster, although there is no denying the fact that he world bave lost, bad he not "coalesced with Captain Grosvenor. As it was. Smith, the tory candidate,ran him close. As might have been expected Mr M :| I made some capitr 1 speciheB but even his admirers were hari"y prepared to find him so quick at repartee, and n ready 'i bis answers ai he proved himselC I dwell on the metropolitan elections partly because they came off first rid partly because the : - result has been so entirely eatisfactoiy. Hithei co the 'Saturday Review' and the tory papers have been in the habit of sneerine at metropolitan members. But withGoBchcn 101 the city,Torcens for Finsbury in place of the irrepressible Cox Austen Layard for Southward Hughes for Lambeth, and Mill for Westn".nst°T, there is an end to sneering. Ou the day succeeding the metropolitan elections came those for most of the boroughs. The general result I have already mentioned. The tories were badly off for a cry, and so fell back at the command of Diraeli to the declaration that nothing IU the shape of reform or of reduction of trxation,or of beneficial foreign treaties had been done by the liberals which they themselves would not bave done. Free trade provements; the reductions in taxrtion they would have effected, and would also have taken off tbe malt-tax. In fact, as Mill saidot them, "The tories were a class of politicians who strongly opposed every measure of reform when proposed and in progress, but who when such measures were actually cr -'ricd, accepted them end were conv'iccd of the'' - great advantages." In the country the rule was, as regarded the changes that were made, that tories gave way to liberals, and half-and-half liberals to radicals. Professor Fawcett, of Cambridge, was returned for Brighton, l.ike everyone oi the g.'eat liberals whom I have mentioned, he has been an out pnd out supporter of the North in their endeavor to put down the slaveholder's rebe" on. Indeed now we are all Northerners together, or nearly so, I may say that throughout the we", with the exception of Carlyle, and it is understood that he is a great adn~ : rer of I 'ucoln, and only diB9ents because he openly advocates slavery, there has not been a single literary man or statesman of mark in the country who has supported the South except the tories who partly from old feudal instinct, partly iiom jealousy of j*he great republic, but ma ! nly for political and party purposes have given Secession their support. Fawcett is a remarkable man. He is professor of political economy at Cambridge ana he is stone b 1 ' id. Some notion may be gained of his energy from this fact alone. He is a first rate orator, an advocate of manhood suffrage, and a teacher l: ke his iellow professor in Oxford, of the advisability of abolishing the lights of primogeniture. Trcvclyau, nephew of Macaulay, has been elect ;d for Tyncmoutb. lie is the author of the " Letters of a Competition Wallah" in ' Macmillan's Magazine' and of ' Cawnpore,'. The great event of last week was Gladstone's defeat at Oxford. It has bien known throughout the year that a great sffoU wo old be made to throw him out at this election, -nd many A'-— J- —J - -—J I.— 1.. „ J. L!u vwuucvtluu with the university Rid go ii at first for South Lancashire, his native county. Determined to (,'ve Oiford another chance he stood, and was defeated by a M- Gtwthorne Hardy, a great authority en pigs a'ld liquid mani"-e; but as au orator, gracing his speech with a species of BiH'asgate, of wnich Oxford during the last few days lias grown, I hope, to be heartily aBhamed. To the credit of the University, it must not be omitted that the large majority of the teaching power of Oxford was in Gladstone's favor. Such different men as Dr Pusey and Professor Jowett were on his committee, but they were not sufficiently strong to defeat the solid opposition or the county voters, men who have not been in Oxford for years. On his defeat Mr Gladstone hastened at once down to South Lancashire, and although the tories had been active in their canvass, he yet succeeded in gaining a seat. For my own part, I am glad that Gladstone was defeated at Oxford. Whenever he said anything that was at all tending towards thorough liberalism, he was immediately called to account by Oxford, and given to understand that he would in consequence lose his seat. He is now free to become, what I believe he will become, a great liberal premier. It H gcn.;ra"y understood that wc shall have a reform bill That such a bill is wanted, I may ind'eate by giving one fact; the losing mm in L?ra'jeth had lour thousand seven hundred votes, and the borough of Port Arlington bas one hundred and sW electors; the winning mau therefore might possibly have sWty votei. But against this 106 the total number of clectora, the proper number to give is 27,000 th2 number of electors of Lambeth. Uonstanie Kent lies under sentence of death; hut it is hardly doubted that she will be pardoned. Her complete exculpation of all her relations from any pait in the mu-der has added the last Btroke that was necesseiy to make her repent' nee perfect. As she had practically eluded justice imd as she voluntarily gave herself up, it would be cruel, even remembering that she has committed a cold blooded, pecu ,; 9rly hp-d hearted and wicked mu r der, to hp ig her. Dr Pritchard the scoundrel who Ves under sentence of death and without hope of mercy, at Glasgow for the murder of his and mother-in-law, is a vulgar murderer,only conspicuous from the hig-h standing he had in Glasgow. Since bia conviction he wrote a pious confession fu' 1 of tbe mostobuous "es, and injuring for l ; <e a servant girl whom he had steady scuuced. Finding that nobody believed bun he has s ; ice written another confession, which he deolr- os the first to be false. The second is nearer tiie truth no doubt, but is still not up to veracity point. It is full of self laudation, and compliment to himself and others, and the mr'i thing manifest iu it is the man's intolerable conceit. Murders follow the fashion,1'kebonnets without sny backs,or cilnolines,which,fashion be prr'sef' are rapidly disappearing from the dress of everybody who sets up to be someuody. Accorf-'noiy this morp'ng we hear of Dr Spragae who nas been apprehended near Dartmoor on a charge of poisoning 4 persons. I Next month I hope to be able to say that the Atlantic Cable is again in working order. Tomorrow the Great Eastern is expected to leave Valeucia iu the south west of Ireland for Nenfoundleid. The difference between this cable and the last may be briefly stated. The last had seven w res and this has seven; but there the resemblance teases. The seven wires in the one case weighed 107 lbs per nautical mile, '1 this instance 300lbs The insultation in 1858 wrs by three layers of gutta perch, weighing 26llbs per koot; the present insulator is in for" layers, weighing 00 lbs. The external covering then was by'is strands of the spiral «'res; now it is by 10 solid wires of homogenous iron, each wire " served'' with Manilla yarn, saturated with a preservative compound. The weight : 1 air then was 20i)wt per mile; this is 35|cwt, The weight in water vas 13'4cwt per mile; now it is 14e*c. The breaking staiin WM aitoosj uaw it it tow; and while the strength of the former cable was 2-05 times the strength required for the deepest water, this is 4"64 times stronger than is deemed absolutely necessary. Finally, the length shipped for 1858 -WBS2,174 nautical miles; now it is 2,300 knots. To readers who have a genius for figures, these statements will probabV convey a better notion of the cable than a n y mere description. Great dissatisfaction is expressed that the cable company will not allow representatives of any of the newspapers to be on board. It is even asserted that the messages sent across before the last telegraph gave way were known in London before they were sent, and thus the question is left open as to whether the last telegraph ever worked at all. Publicity is the best remedy undoubtedly for these rumours, and this fact is so ob\ lous as seriously to suggest trickery when publicity is shunned. There is no news of importance T om Ame/.ca. No news is in this case good news. Jefferson Davis has not yet been Llid. The assassin conspirators have been hruged. The reconstruction of the South is Progressing favorably. The slaves are rapidly ma Jug their exodus f'om bondage to '^eedom, not oi course without the : " trials in the desert. The countrv is rapidly recovering, pnd Europe is witnessing the grandest sight of the kind she has seen since 1660—the disbanding of a large standing aimy, to be rapidly absorbed in a peaceful population, cp-rying with them the discipline of the camp only to make them through life more respectable citizer" end better servrnts of their country. 