i3ces' orn'r. DA W3-. In the ad rr-glimmernigc's dram of da-=, Whea4dewr-be bi nk'd ~pa the lvwn. I use ae yet th..e lk' tkeen eye Twitch'd to the Is-'bdes rift in theky. Downward I went by a reaes ayr, Companiodlis. tJ an emaan bsy; J'cri Ta'luitdthe aclEfteashtsn Like slaem on a pro het's toa~ee Which may not speak the thou it knows Till Godsfare on the alar ~lows and 1, alone of hman bat. fee~'d all that wsik'a the aolndine ea-rh. In the blanket of her wn the wren ~lept far wtith the forest ken: The .in-leas t se, in her holosw aid, lay safe as fn the brerpat of God: In hony.-gel3e. el, the bee anam'd in a drezs of tmelody; And other tiny pe?'3-i ern lay Undr-ine veizitg oists aill t :ot lanocect thini' a:e' -, Were else thtIr foes. ltthe opites cuadS that fzal 'With ' .shadowy ee on the eyes of l. ne subale snakte by ol'd at ease By the cedir'i anty-eyeled kne-s, Acting percantce, in his ckhabered brain, The drirna of Paradise again Che?ani once more with golden li 'The nothcer of all hnmnai: IThe tier slept in his lbr ky land, Darklike an inky oelo!ering brand, W-hich. toch'd by the faintes gtesn leam : ehts, Would leap to life like a litvin - fne-p Old eagle, with talons a=d beek of bocod, Brooded astve the plnging sd.xd, Fiz'd as from all eternity. God of the moaning mystery : Unde the billow, in cavertn d.rk, Hung suspended the long keen s'ak, Till ocean should open his blood-red eye To dart at the white ship sailing by. The forest was pas'd ; I re .'d the by, MHanted by silence ll the way : The far-bow?e tearmsar of the pt;p W aked not the sleeping lard fro slyep; The music of that treaadent noine Seem'd andible withnt a voic Lcording sweetly with the chimee That hitans the lanai cahnms of tine. Iow.esst'rd, where dim ocean fews,. Swift points of glimering ipemr uproee,. A ad tp te shadowy lanes of light Vanrid'd te fawn-like stars in fright. B:t srilly the forest betan to s?ar, With-stealty wains in oak and fr; And round abc-t tcth wrinkled root Whisk'd horny cla ahnd woolly foot; Oat of'her blanket peeped the wren, With eyes ice the eyes of fairy men; The innocent tmonse on nature's ques Crept from ear Makera.geoia breast , Forth from his citade? trum'd the bee I?3owing th? emr trmpo industrie : The figer, at the lark's sweet note, Woke with a bloodhound atrhi thront, And strit at space with a bernaing ronreh, And droptlike a star in thesedgy son ; Ont of his cois, as from an abym, Plash d the old snake with a startled bits, Ae chased bh y the ghost of his frioin, f-: Ad if same hell had bruised his heed: A nsdthin I aw an the motionthes tea. Embrdn between the dawn and mae. Silent anausk as an upturn d keel, Swift as death 0ourn eg'e of ee -i 'Twas theshark 'wh tiLz-,'d in hurry j1y, A ship with a death-damn d zilr b sy 'Iheeaglek melancholy 'hat-e, Fatelike,calm on the saowy cape, Oped mran.thonnhle eye FOall on tie dawn's rey-rvizor'd spy, Then rose on wide heraoic wing. ?Making e cTool air quiver a.d !in~, And upward wrheeI'd through rm.any a spire, To bathein the solar surgeof fire. lorh onthC ses I morn an the land! Light floveth from a fontaire'd hand: We hare Nij in the grave of the fhithfel night, And now y.eare clothed sith the eauJty of hlab. Lord, when ie have lain in Thy ark anod thy death., Tourhsafe us Thy Iove, and Thy Lght, and Thy Breath!: WId?n y FRaEELa. nD, -Sidney Mail. 