PASTURE AND ARABLE LAND. TO THE EDITOR. oir—1 see tliat my friend, "A Flat oil the Murray, seems bent on dragging me into a con test whether I will or no. .Now, being merely a humble fanner, morn conversant wi h the plough thau the pen, I am hardly adapted for „ n ona.dispute through the columns oE the Press,* carrying . „„e Press. not having my opponent's leisure for cultivating my arithmetic and sharpening the pinions of my satire; but all that a straightforward man can do I will do by responding once more to "A Plat" and that, too, in my own proper name, for I do most emphatically scorn the cowardice of fighting behind a fence, at the same time informing him this is the last time I shall take notice of any communication addressed to me, whether it emanates from the pen of " A Flat," "A Cook," or "A Shepherd,"' old or young. Now, "A Flat" says "I prove too much." Very likely. It seems that I have proved too much for his philosophy to stand, since he has been again compelled to mount that poor half-starved goat of his, and, waving aloft hia banner of defiance, rides again into the lists the champion of the squatters, hi3 device being "sheep dying by thousands," and his motto "no valuation, no taxation." And all this warlike display—all this waste of pen and ink—all this laborious marshalling of figures, and squeezing out of convenient totals is for my express benefit. I am an antagonist so formidable that "A Flat" marshals all this terrible array to kill a poor insig nificant farmer, and I am not dead yet- I hope I shall survive the fearful charge of his army to prove a little more. I think I did prove to his satisfaction that until tbe- lst July, 18(15. the best lands in the colony were in the hands of the squatters at £1 per square mile, lie says this is "amusing," So it was; very much so. So long as they held the game <£ mean the winning side of it) in their own hands things went smoothly, the sheen yielded their increase and lived, the wool yielded its ample returns, flocks and -herds throve and multiplied, plenty of good meat found its way into the market at times, proving the existence of good pasturage, the squatters revelled in their gains and went home to spend them, exulting that they could draw so much from a couutry to which they were under the necessity of nnnnit en Httlp* in fnolt ••oil vent menv no a ■ paying so little; in fact, "all went merry as a marriage hell," until that unlucky time came upon them when the leases began to expire. Some saw the clouds looming and began to furl their sails, but the majority could not believe that their might would not serve for right until, like the ghost of Bauquo intruding upon Macbetb's banquet, Goydcr glides in amongst them, an equally unwelcome guest; then the amusement ceases, the relics of the feast were swept away.-the plate which adorned it hidden out of sight, all the paraphernalia of prosperity and comfort carefully concealed, and in their stead appears the squatter with lengthened visage bemoaning his leases, winding all up with the perpetual climax, "sheep dying by thousands." "A Flat" says that he trusts what ever statement of his I controvert that I will prove. Quite right; and I repeat the proof is patent to alL "Facts are stubborn things,"' and any person needs but consult the returns from the land sales for a heavy argument on the squatter's profits and losses. Did we find any of them saying, Well, I am glad my lease isout.forlfind myself los'ng so much that I will risk no more, hut turn to what 1 know is more profitable and easy farming?" Oh, no; they knew better. Now many of them tiled farming first, and got starved out; hut in the face of their lamen tations on bad land and high rental, they will pay hundreds and thousands to prevent the f-rmer getting any of their land. Any flat can see what a losing game theirs must be from the facts elicited at a recent examination before Mr. Goode's Committee, where one man was paid £1,OUO for merely holding his tongue; and we know that is not a solitary instance. Vet the very men who can afford to pay such magnificent prices for land and silence talk of sheep dying by thousands, bad feed, no water, &c.;—for what? Why, to throw dust in the eyes of the public, and cheat them of the fair value of the public land. Now speaking as man to inaa, I would ask "A Flat" what should be said of parties who could act in a way so opposed to all honesty, of men who call the public thieves, rogues, and pickpockets, for merely seeking the fulL value of their own. Now it has been declared unparliamentary to speak of squatters' "buggies," and, indeed, the word seems to bear a sting out of the House as well as in it, for my unlucky allusion to the vehicle seems to haverun over' 'A Flat's'' toes and pinched his corns, until he has cried out rather loudly than musically; but Buch epithets as the above are Parliamentary, and therefore I beg to apply (hem to any whom it may concern, and say they are the true rogaes and pickpockets who resort to false statements, bribery, and corruption, to evade the payment of a legitimate rent. "A Fiat" has drawn out his balance-sheet so neatly I should be tempted to think he bad tried his hand at turning the sod himself and failed. And indeed no wonder he should if lie could not calculate any better than he does now. He seems to forget that wheat does not grow like wool; in his hurry to run away from his farm he forgets that the ground has to be ploughed, harrowed, the seed spread, and then the reaping. True, he will say, we have machines. Yes, but we have to buy them; they don't grow like po ts. Yet he allows nothing for their purchase, interest for that money, or their wear and tear, with the expense of replacing. Then another feature of his farmiag is the absence of cattle, unless he means the sheep to plough. I suppose the horses would cost nothing. Again I repeat "facts are stubborn things." If "A Flat's" balance on the farmer's side were correct, how comes it that so many of them figure in the Insol vent Court every year, whilst so many of their his brethren (the squatters) go home more prosperous I . ... to eujoy their fortunes and educate their children, whilst even on "A Flat's" own showing the farmer has to keep his poor little ones tending his few sheep ? At least this is what he suggests; but I must tell him that even we poor farmers have as much feeling for our children as the richer woolly lords; and since we cannot get lubras to mind our sheep for little or nothing we are compelled to go to the expense of a shepherd, and give our little ones sufficient education to refute the flats of the next generation, should such animals be left to exist so long. " A Flat" says the farmer has the advantage of the taxes being expended on the roads. Well, that is good; I never heard of a squatter's road, and I think that in carting his stores up and his wool down the squatter has as much value from the roads as the farmer has who paid for them. With respect to the mor tality amongst the cattle, I do not for a moment deny that cattle die; but all is not to be laid at the door of the terrible drought Is nothing said about the pleuro- pneumonia? And let me remind "AFiat" and others who have cried "wolf" so often without reason that if that fearful scourge should enter the sheep they may then complain; but I cannot believe that healthy cattle given their liberty will ever die of want; they will rather wander hundreds of miles to some farmer's wheat field and get pounded. < As a parting word to my friend I would favour him with another strip of "bombastic fustian" by reminding him that there are as great humbugs out of the Society, as there are in it; that, knowing how well he is calculated to adorn that august assemblage, I shall yet hope to see him take pre cedence of myself in the highest honours of the Humbug Society, and shall trust to see him where his merits justly place him- in the chair of the Great Unsurpassable Sham, proposed by his Very bumble servant, int. JOHN BARBOW. Ashwell, August 1865:' - 