FROM GALLE TO MELBOURNE. (From the Australasian.) IT was indeed an awful change. To come out from London to Melbourne over- land is to have a foretaste of Heaven, fining by little and little into Pandemonium. Once over Biscay Bay, where is wailing and weeping and gnashing of teeth, under the great couchant lion of Gibraltar, and then through that grim bloodstained portal into the Mediterranean, what a voyage it Sky, water, and air translucent-nice sights, nice cabins, nice dinners, nice people, nice everything. Yes, I can well believe the eccentric Englishman (of course every Englishman is eccentric) who found the old canal boats between Bruges and Ghent so comfortable, that intending to make an extensive tour on the Continent he never got further, but went perpetually to an fro till the railways stopped his aqueous conveyance, when he jumped over and drowned himself. Ladies are, unluckily, not open for employment under Her Majesty's Foreign-office, else I would ask nothing better than to be eternally travelling backwards and forwards between Gibraltar and Alexandria, especially if the commander be such a thorough gentleman as Captain -. Egypt, however, though we had only thirty hours of it, is certainly not Paradise, whatever the Mediterranean may be. There were plagues in Egypt well, there are plagues now. It is not pleasant to get shore, tolerably shaken with the voyage, into a great Mahomedan Liverpool like Alexandria, where everything is hot, hotter, and hottest, dust, sand, buildings, all blazing-a magnified glass-house, in which each separate point and pit ice seems a lens for concentrating on the face a deliberate glare. It is not pleasant to go through the rows of dirty, over-roasted stripes of Arab boys, who bow as you pass, and chatter Arabian slang, disrespectful of your European appearance, as intelligible from voice, visage, and gesture, as that of St. Giles itself. It is not pleasant to pay nine shillings for a luncheon when the bread is state the meat mouldy, the custard dusty, and a large collection of drowned flies at the bottom of your glass. Above all it is unpleasant, because his Highness the Pacha happens to be passing, to be shunted into a crossing and finally, everything getting out of gear, to be locked up for several hours in a compartment with a smoking English foot- man, a rancid French cominis voyageur, two Egyptian women snorting behind impervious veils, and a dubious Turk with a rich crop of cutaneous eruption. But thirty hours are soon over, and once on the Red Sea, coming over, as we did, in the cool months, I can fairly say, looking over the gunwale at the corals and coral lines gleaming like a submarine flower-garden through the clear azure water, I was inclined to envy Pharoah his bath. But then you see we were ladies and gentlemen, or taken as such hitherto. For anything that anyone knew, we might be going to India. How were the people to know that I was not the wife of a sub lieutenant of the Bundelcund Invincibles, and therefore to be treated with awful reverence at Galle. But-but-but we got to Galle, we touched earth, and we went at once something lower than earth. The veil was rent, the mystery was solved. Yes, we were Australians, no doubt of it we came from that continent, in remote corners of which, for various sins and mis- demeanours, naughty men and women were whipped, and as representatives of a certain bit of the accursed territory known on the maps as Victoria, capital Melbourne-we " dreed dour doubt," as some Scotch poet says somewhere. The P. and O. Company, from Galle outwards, being high-minded people, whipped us for the sins of our suppositious forefathers, and certainly, as far as smothering and starvation went, did it effectually. " Lasciatc eggs Spevanza" said I, as we stepped on board the melancholy Northam, and glanced at the dense piles of coal-bags, the hillocks of coal not in bags, the fcotid decks, the horrible dis- order of everything. But if despair was above, hope might be below. I went into my berth, and bethought me I was going to my death. A nice place it was a choking rat-trap, choking indeed. The air was like liquid glue. But at any rate there was a window, of a bull's eye of dull glass could he called a window. I tried to open it. The window port, I think the gentlemen and sailors call it, was not to be opened. The stewardess told me it was dangerous. I did not understand, being a freshwater sailor, what the danger was till my husband told me that having 100 tons of coals on deck which ought to be stowed below, if it came on to blow, and the good ship Northam came on to roll the salt-water would come in, while we, like the starling, could not get out. So we resigned ourselves to be smothered for the good of the P. and 0 I must say this for us, however, we were a brave band of sufferers. With one foot on a coal sack and another on the bulwarks, we waved a brave adieu to the thrice happy Indians, with three times three to the captain and officers of the splendid steamer we had left. And then for suffering. I suffered, he suffered, she suffered, we suffered (with all respect for parodying Mr. Browning), but Jones did not suffer. He was a long, chirpy man, given to powerful funds, but he kept us up as much as the mild and amiable li. kept us down. R. was a great man for a drawing-room, but an awful one for a steamer problematically doomed to founder, where food was bad, water scarce, and sleep nowhere. I hereby thank Jones, and don't want his acquaintance ; but he was a great blessing on salt water, He was an awful snow, but an immense aid-like the fountain at Vaucluse, ever gushing The " run," as it is facetiously termed by the officers, began inauspiciously, for as darkness came on there was a whisper, then a murmur that something was wrong, and we were going back towards Galle. " Oh," observed Jones, " it is only part of the ' run ;' she's doubling." " Where are the greyhounds, then 1" I asked. The machinery was stopped, and an examination ensued to ascertain whether the unwelcome intrusion of water came through the worn-out packing of the stuf- fire-box, which had been patched up at Galle, or was due to any fresh leakage. The passengers protested against the ex- tinction of lights at the usual hour, as they would not retire until something definite was known about the source of the leak, and whether it was remediable without returning to Galle. The captain, if a nice fellow, did not show it. In the midst of the squabble the white forms of women, spiritualised by the absence of crinoline, glided ghost-like to benches on deck, where they slept, surrounded by a bodyguard of husbands and fathers. Just as I was coiled up at the foot of a mast, taking a chair for the night, out spoke the imperturbable Jones from his lair : -" Steward, I say !" " Yes, Sir." " Fishing lines for to-morrow daybreak, mind ! Sharp !" " Yes, sir." Then another snore. Fishing, indeed that was all Jones thought about it. Sleeping in a chair may be romantic, but I do not see it. It makes me feel next day like a bit of old rag. Next morning we were off again, disappointed Jones, offering to bet anyone anything that he would not have another chance of fishing for a week. He lost some wagers, when on the third day there was another " breakdown," but after twenty-four hours of unceasing labor in exhausting heat, our clever engineer and his attendants contrived a temporary service pipe, and the "run" was resumed. It is generally acknowledged that in cases of extreme danger, passengers exhibit as much presence of mind and intrepidity as the bravest crew, and in any emergency assist with cheerful good will. Therefore, it is difficult to understand the reticent policy of the captain and officers, unless, indeed, they are ashamed of the disrepair of the old boats provided by the company for the longest steam voyage in the world. Whatever the motives may have been, they certainly tried to keep us in the dark as to the cause of danger, but no veil was thick enough to blind us as to the effect, no spectacles being needed to see water three feet and a-half deep in the engine-room. The steamer was very low in the water, and, as I say, carried a hundred tons of coal on deck. One of the officers was asked if, under these circumstances, we would not he in great danger if caught in a cyclone. " The danger," he replied, " would soon be over, as we should go to the bottom in no time." " Then I had better say my prayers at once," observed the incorrigeable Jones. The officer re- joined that they never had cyclones so far south in the open sea. I immediately apostrophised the blessed latitudes, undisturbed by rude storm-blasts. ButiEolus was indignant, and resolved that we should acknowledge the universality of his way during the remainder of the voyage. The weather now did not permit the ladies to sleep on deck. The stately Miss Ashton sat all day at the top of the companion ladder, and was thus enabled to survive the nights in her own cabin. Hilton's sick wife panted and gasped through the day, longing for the night, that she might be carried out to sleep near the open saloon door; while more robust ladies passed the nights in their respective "black-holes," as our Indian officers called them, and spent their days, as Jones averred, in making hydropathic experiments, which resulted in the unanimous conviction that the salt and fresh water shower-baths on deck were healthier than the pantry-perfumed vapor baths below. One night Dicksie persuaded his fair-haired young wife to avoid the nauseating air of the cabin, and she lay down near Mrs. Hilton and a Scotch lady, Dicksie placing his pillow, as usual, under the skylight. Many other gentlemen were scattered about, on and under the table, when an enormous wave struck the ship, pour- ing down through the skylight. In a moment the water in the saloon was several inches deep. Dicksie must have been rather stunned. He looked about him in a bewildered manner, then suddenly perceiving his wife, he followed her to the cabin, whither she fled in dismay. Mrs. Hilton started up, but subsided again with a look of the most hopeless indifference. Mr. Hilton threw a dry blanket over her, and ran into the cabin to move portman- teams, but their contents were already saturated. All the poor overworked stewards were roused, and a general mopping up in saloon and cabins followed. The confusion was such that we scarcely heard the report when the fore- sail was blown to rags. Next day we heard that we had been in the track of a cyclone, which would have annihilated us had it occurred before the steamer was lightened by the consumption of coals, or when the engine was stopped. Jones observed that it was a hard blow. " Might have been our death- blow," growled the melancholy man, who, paradoxical as it may appear, was our greatest source of merriment. One noble action of his deserves to be recorded. A heavy sea struck the ship one day, and forthwith the melancholy man rushed to one of the lee scuppers and tried to remove the grating, that the water might run away faster, lost we should be swamped ! We could not help noticing the great efforts the ladies made to preserve a cheerful and ladylike amiability, and they succeeded very well ; but after the black days a defiant expression stole over the face of the calm and dignified Miss Ashton, and Mrs. Dicksie looked rather disgusted, Mrs. Hilton became invisible, and only revived when we reached King George's Sound. The black days are those on which coals have to he shifted. Coming from Galle this invariably occurs when a head wind prevails, and a cloud of fine coal-dust envelopes everything, making frequent descents to the black holes for ablutions in- dispensable. There would have been no necessity for this coal moving had the steamer been adapted for a long voyage. At the Sound we had a delightful picnic. Mrs. Hilton accompanied us to the top of the hill to enjoy the view, and the gentlemen, assisted by the blacks, made her a couch of branches and leaves in a crevice of the rock, Jones caught fish enough for the ladies' breakfast next morning, and we started again more hope- fully with plenty of fresh meat and poultry, no longer contemplating the murder of the pet goat. As we approached Port Phillip Heads the barometer fell, the weather was very stormy, and the waves appeared to be running after us mountains high, Just as soup was being removed, soup for the million came down the skylight. The captain considered a moment, then went on deck, "Gentlemen, charge your glasses for a health to Neptune," shouted Jones, as another tremendous wave poured down. The retreat now became general, and the much despised cabins were our last resource. The steamer " lay to," amid such a pitching, tossing, and splashing as I never before experienced. No attempt was made to secure the backs of seats and chairs in the saloon, and the noise they made tumbling backwards and forwards with every lurch of the vessel must have been very irritating to the invalids. Jones amused himself by narrating the most awful and exaggerated stories of shipwrecks to the melancholy man, who was in a ludicrous state of terror. Not very many hours afterwards we all landed in safety at Sandridge, in drenching rain, which we heeded not, being by this time amphibious. When we reached the shore Jones shook hands with his long-faced friend, hoping to have the pleasure of his company on the return voyage of the steamer. "Not if I know it," replied the melancholy man, actually smiling, which I took to be a great proof of the exhilarating effect of the air of Victoria. We arrived, and I survive - yes, I survive I embarked at Galle fat and rosy ; I got to Melbourne an interesting skeleton, and I hereby thank the P. and O. Company for their business talent in extracting the s.' t. d. out of the souls and bodies of their passengers, and, through The Australasian :>? sure them that if they will kindly embers. in one of their own vessels, and make a submarine descent to personally ascertain whether, in truth, the bottom of the sea is, as Shakspeare says, paved with pearls, I, for one, shall not shed tears at their premature funeral. to 