'The General' on Betting. : -Dear Bell, — Everyone has . heard. ,thoM,, story of tho two Yankees sitting down to play cards, and-cach on rising declaring him-, ?self a winner.'. If man were described as a . betting animal by nature, agambler from his ' r inmost soul, the character in the main would , - . bo a very true one. It is astonishing how . : dcep-seatedin the humanbreastis tho desire ? of speculating on anything that doponds on ? chance or luck. From polo to pole man is the same gambling' animal under different : phases, and in every country on tho face of v the earth the blind goddess has her votaries. ?: From, Baden to. Mexico, California to tho ; heart of 'the Celestial Empire, gambling is '. the favourito amusement or millions both by .- day and night. It would bo curious to ? ascertain how and when that very expressive : '. name that has been conferred on places where '? gamblers congregate camo into use. That it ??[ very aptly expresses the result generally' . arrived at by those who frequent such places' ' is unfortunately too true, and although the .-,? Legislature has wisely put them under tho ?; ban of the law; it is powerless, and over will ??. be, to suppress the love of gambling which- ; is inherent in human nature. Some gamblo ,' from excitement, some because it is fashion- ; able, and most persons with the desire to ?' make money. The butcher's boy who meets another iri the street, - aud tosses for sixpence or a shout, is actuated - by tlio same spirit, ? the r same pro-; j pensity to test his luek as.theman who.f nits- his hundred- or thousand notes on tho Melbourne Cup or the -Champion Race. It is astonishing how -fascinating this delightful uncertainty is. Even' pious peoplo nowa days, who look on aracecourso as an abomi: nation, will venture their crown or note in' a raffle at a tea meeting or bazaar,; arid so - profitable has it been found to indulge this ' religious mania for gambling, that raffles ' presided over by sonic fair enchantress have ' become quite the rage when funds are 're* \ niiircd for charitable or religious purposes. ' It is the samp gambling spirit. ? which ; prompts one to put into 'a1 pious' 3wc*p, although the most valuablo prize to be obtained may do only a wax doll, and tempts ' another to invest his fiver in a grarid monster' sweep, for tho. Champion Race, where tho/ prize may be a thousand pountla Few^ persons reflect that all cannot win, although the majority would rather do. so. Even in the cose of the doll itlis more satisfactory to win ; if the x'rize is aptually worthless to tho winner, it soothes his variity,; it ; proves his* luck; arid it is an old saying that' 'itis' better to bo born lucky than rich.' ???' Every: nian believes in his luck imtil ho, has proved' it, and even then— like the Yankee— ho 'will' not often' own that it has deserted him.1 That nil can bet and all win is a creed that has, unfortunately, many believers; to their cost, as it often proves in the long ruitf Betting has beeir reduced to a science. Thero are three classes who can afford to bet, and three' only :' those who have plenty of money,' and can afford to throw it away ; those who bet by profession, the legitimate bookmakers ; and those who are first-rate judges of horse flesh and racing, arid can obtain valuable and reliable information. Whence, then, como thp funds that sustain betting, and keep tho bookmakers going, and . promote 'racing ? From the public ; the public always pays tho piper. ?' Nothing that I can say, or write will ever discourage betting, nor dp 'I '.wish it to do, so. ! Within proper limits,' I consider a spirit of; gambling a. fine, quality in' man. It makes him adventurous and hardy. What is aud ever has been the spirit of tho Anglo Saxon race/ but oiio fond of adventure ; and what would the earth be riow^bnt forHhat spirit? Your true Anglo-Saxon 'wirisor loses 'with an air of noncJialahce , and resignation. He, pockets his winnings ! ns' a' matter of course, or pays his losses without a murmur. True,1 we have cases of bolting sometimes, brought on by the force of necessity, when tho ' pot has been put on,' to usb a common turf expression, and it has 'boiled over;' but he seldom raves and tears his hair liko the excitable Frenchman, or blows'; out -his brains -like the, depraved Mexican. r .Ho played for a stake and lost, nnd ho falls like a man. ' ' ? .' '. ,'.j.( '.' \^r Whatever may bo Baid against gambiing, I cannot discover anything reprehensible -'in investing ii 'fiver, 'or any amount 'within a man's means, 'on' the result of a liorso race. . It is speculation, I know, with a great proba bility of losing, and so aro nine-tenths of the ventures that any merchant .engages' .in. Oy-«r-B])eculation in trade is bad, an.T brings on a collapse ; and so over- speculation on the turf is bad, and may lead many to ruin. ' I can well remember those short but expres sive Iine3 that graced. your, columns- pre- viously to tho last Melbourne Cup— .', ' Saturn's the winner, ' . j Safe as a dinner.' . ' I wonder how many lost (, their dinners', by backing that rank imposter' for tho last Cup. Nothing could beat him until tho race day, wucn uiniern cxpoBeu mm in ins true colours. There will, Sir, be many a Saturn springing .upi.with 'his sinister influence,' before' next Cup- day, and many will have their souses dazzled' by. his baleful light. Only ono horse can win tlie Cup, and the same the Champion Race. It would bo highly interesting to laiow what amount of money each horse will carry in either race. . I , havo no. doubt that' wo . shall have tho Commissioner's Tree; perhaps iri theRichmondPaddock, or Fitzrby Gardens, where that worthy will bo found .at certain hours ready to take any sum,' from half -a-cro wn to a century. The 'note of preparation' has beou sounded, arid everyono is beginning to make n book on the great sensational races of noxt season. What arithmetical curiosities lnany of them will turn out I . ' . . Tho mining mania, which broke but a few many a homo. It ran its course nnd [died out, but we can never estimate the liarm it did to an important interest by the reaction it created, and the suspicion with ' which all mining enterprise was for some timo regarded. Legitimate turf speculation' 1 never shall set my. face against, but if it is overdone, na I fear it will be this winter, tho turf will suffer in consequence. - No. person who 'can' lay ii.iy claim to tho titlo of gentleman will bet beyond, his means of payment A bet is a debt of honour, and '? no gentleman will for feit tho latter article ; \ if ho bets beyond his means, and cannot pay, he is a defaulter, and ceases to bo a r gen tleman from that moment. No nlatter how lofty his station or high his birth, ho brings himself to tho lovel of a ' Welshor,' wlio deserves to be, ana often ib, ignoumu ously kicked from tho ring. If those; who occupy tho positions of gentlemen in this colony reflect for one moment,' they will agree with mo that tlie code of honour which governs betting cannot bo too strictly upheld in this community, and it will bo hotter for tho turf, in. tho long run, if, thoso lax principles of morality which obtain in some placeB aro suppressed. The promp'titudo with which bots aro paid is tho best criterion wo can have -for tho soundness »nd wejlbeing of the. turf, for as the ono fails, so, will the other decline. :.: . ?'? . ? It is tho chanco of breeding a good ; horso niiii wiumug n jieuvy suikg biiax uuiuces men to keop on breeding year after year, and it is tlio chance of making a grand coup in tho ring that induces so many people to risk their money in bets. Tho fow win, tho many lose, and so it will bo to the end of tho chapter. In tho long run, it is said, every thing which' 'appears to bo guided by dhanco may bo roduced to a certainty, and that botting comes within the category. Tho principles, then, by .which tliia . Bcienee is regulated must bo understood .by a vory limited number, if wo consider tho thousands who literally throw their, money away year after year without the ghost of a chanco of ever seeing it again. I look oii sweeps, when properly conducted, as healthy vents for that gambling spirit which moro or less will exist in any largo city, and that it would have : boon Tar better to 'legalise them- under. cortam conditions than prohibit them altogether. - It is better for an apprentioo boy or artisan to invest a pound or two at a timo of his earnings in tho formor, than perhaps bo imposed on with falso information, and put tlio whole: of his savings on some 'dead' horse at long tempting odds, and afterwards be induced to make up his losses by dishonest means. To those who can breast the tide without danger, I say swim away. Strike out boldly ; for if you lose your money it will only rekindle the flaino and cause it to burn more fiercely the next chance you have. You aro tho legitimate prey of the book makers aud the 'knowing ones.' Go on, win or lose ; society can look on with indif ference, for when you vanish others will fill your places. It is tho hard workers in the hive of humanity that I would caution. Not those born with a silver spoon in their mouths, but those who earn their bread literally by the sweat of their brow. It is tempting to hear that So-and-so or Champion llace, but to such I would Bay, be wise in time, and don't meddle with what you don't understand. You may fancy yourself cunning at your craft, but you will meet with your match in the ring, and when you are cleaned out, the probability is you won't fuel inclined to take it so philoso phically as our friend of whom Horace writes^— 'Cant.iblt vacuus coram latronc viator.' You will not feel inclined to whistle when your breeches pockets are empty, and the friend who put you on the 'good thing' won't assist you to replenish them. THE GE--ERAL. 