chair -A ' ' GHOSTS. ,,. (From the Spectator;Doe. 24th.) \- Why ghosts always haunt Christmas, in every shape both literary and literal, is not very difficult to explain. Mr. Dickens, and story-tellers in general, always put them by instinct into their Christmas books, and when they are not in our books they are pretty sure to be in our memories. The season of substantial feasting throws the imagination back on pallid thoughts and the most strongly marked anniversary of the year fixes our minds naturally enough on forms that can never be connected with it again. There is a natural-link between merriment and the dread lest at the end of all things should come a state of degenerate, insubstantial, shadowy existence, such as the past, and the forms of the past assume even in the most tenacious minds as r the long years gradually steal away the' detail, the color, the outline, the i eau ty. Ghosts are for the most part faded memories galvanised into life, moving amongst us without contributing anything to the general stock of life and power. This is at least the terror they excited during that old heathen dream of a dim spectral existence, a state of joyless and pain- less melancholy, with intangible bodies, faded senses, and a soul consisting only of sick regrets. Achilles in the Elysian fields was but the pallid image, left on the memory of Achilles on the plain of Troy. To this dreary conception no doubt something has been added to make the ghost of Christian ages. Everlasting pain itself is a positive color when painted on this terrible vacancy. Hamlet's father becomes less terrible when he speaks of the terror of his prison-house than while he talks about a mere faint semblance of the Vast. The ghost of Christian ages come- blues pallor and emptiness with a certain intensity of evil, 'or suffering, or despair, which makes him, however, less terrible. Still, the terror of ghostly thoughts remains chiefly in the sense of loss and the atmosphere of death in life they carry with them. We fear the phantom of anguish more than its living features-the impalpable shadow of" remorse which is said to hover over the scene of a crime more than the ' actual criminal - the ethereal face which shines a moment in the moonlight and vanishes away, more than the real countenance of which it is the range. , Nor is it merely the spiritual character such visions assume which gives them their terror-for children never read tales of angels, or of fairies, or other fanciful spiritual agencies with any of the awe which they feel for ghosts. It is the thrill attending the supposed change of state from the bodily to the phantasms which strikes them with alarm not the spiritual state itself, which for beings created and known only under that form of existence would be accepted as easily as any other. The peculiar shrinking which ghost stories excite in children's and in some mature minds is due to the peculiar combination they present of the familiar and unknown - the complete transformation of the conditions of existence which death is supposed to introduce, while leaving the impression on the cycimcbnnged the sense of a gulf between this state and the other which aims outline, and imitates sounds, and creates the confusion between our own faded memories and the phantoms which I seem to flit towards us from the other side. It is not merely our ignorance of the laws which govern disembodied spirits which creates the alarm, but our ignorance of those laws in the case of beings whom we have been accustomed to think of as obeying the same laws as our own. The shiver ghost stories cause is the shiver of kinship with beings that are supposed to have passed through a marvellous change It is not the mere tenacity, but the vacuum whence so much has disappeared, the awe of dis- appointed sense and memory, wondering, where so much is changed, how much may remain, the same start of surprise with which groping in the dark in a familiar place we come on some unknown open trap-door, and feel that we dare neither grope further nor recede it is not the apprehension of what is wholly new, but the fur more startling apprehension of an unfathomed change of law in what is old. Such ghosts as these, the true ghosts which haunt the imagination, whether they haunt the earth or not seem to be perishing out of our modern life. Whether it be the law of " natural selection which is disposing of the old ghosts, and superseding them by the spirit-rap- ping, knot-untying, ungrammatical, ill-spelling ghosts of to-day, which have no shadows for the memory and no spell for the conscience of the heart, for who could feel awe of a ghost that uses nicknames, drop its his and is otherwise open to the sting of polite sarcasm or whether, as we suspect, the ghostly fevers and ague of life, are being prevented much as small-pox is prevented, by vaccinating us with a more animal and mild form of the same disease in the shape of a materialistic spiritualism, we cannot tell; but it seems certain that the ghosts of to-day are much less serious, much less remorseful, much less dramatic, much less human than the old ghosts of whom we have been speaking. Let us forget them for a few minutes to recall the mingled mental and moral awe a true ghost story should excite. One point which shows exclusively that it is not the mere spiritual condition, but the shaken imagination caused by the great change of condition, the immeasurable transformation of state which startles us in a ghost story, is the great corbie sa attaching to the stories of fetches, or second selves visible while the first selves still remain in the flesh, than even to ghost stories. The German story of the student who fought a duel with a spectre, who, when he dropped the cloak from his face was seen to be himself, always strikes a fresh hearer as one of the most ghastly in existence. There is a story in Mr. O Owen's book of a rescue at sea accomplished through the apparition of a passenger by' a ship in great danger of perishing in the cabin of the captain of another ship many miles distant. The apparition in the presence of the unite wrote " Steer nor' vest" on the captain's slate, and then vanished. TIw captain made the mates and all his crew write the same words on the other side of the slate, but none of the handwritings at all agreed, and he put the ship north-west as an experiment. In two or three hours they came up with a dis- mantled ship frozen to an iceberg and with a living crew and passengers. One of them was recognised by the mate 113 the apparition he had seen in the captain's cabin, and asked to write " Steer nor'-west" on the other side of the slate, the writing was so completely identical that he could not himself tell which he had just written. The story adds that he had been in a heavy sleep at the time, and had awakened with a very strong impression of a coming relief, an impression which he had communicated to the captain of the distressed ship. This story has nothing in any proper sense dreadful about it. Yet it produces, so long as you yield your faith to it, the peculiar startled thrill of a ghost story almost as completely, if not more so, than the most terrible legends of corpses reanimated by friends. The peculiar homeliness of the circumstances-the supposed test of the hand-»»'rlting-the involun- tary character of the seemingly voluntary act the physical result of a dream-the foreboding which pencilled itself in the imperative mood at a distance of many miles all fill you, while you can believe them, with such a profound sense of unknown chasms in life opening at your feet that the shiver of new and strange possibilities vibrates through you. There is an admirable ghost, too, in a moral sense a ghost who really reflects the sort of pallid fears which lie dormant in the conscience, -in a little book of these stories, published expressly for the present Christmas. "For more than a hundred years," he says to the young lady to whom he appears, " I have avail; ' dared to utter loneliness, having, no intercourse I even with spirits like myself. The- external world is a blank to me, with the exception of two For three places-the scenes of the crime for which I suffer this story torture.,. I Imagine yourself in empty space, deprived of the faculties of seeing, hearing, feeling, and smelling, and you will be able to comprehend what my existence is, except when I am in these rooms and in one other place." That is a genuine ghostly idea, _ combining the blackness which overcomes the imagination with the intensity which I stings the conscience, expressing the evanescence of all things except the worm that dieth not, in a more perfect form than almost any ghost story we know. In the old ghost stories, too, there is usually a reflection of that law of remorse which bids the conscience go over and over with mechanical accuracy and unceasing pangs, the details of past sins or crimes. Night after night the curtain draws up in the haunted room for the rehearsal of the crime ; the phantoms of the innocent victims or spectators take their places once more on the old spot, the conspirators go over the details of their intended crime, the poison is administered or the dagger plunged into the victim, the daughter of horror rings again, and so the ghost soon becomes in fact a pictorial form of the monotonous play which never ceases to be repeated on the stage of the evil conscience, till it can turn away from itself to higher and purer life. There is something thrilling in such ghostly tales if only that they image so powerfully the law which connects moral evil with intensity of feeling spent upon a blank, empty, unfruitful world of shadows. The shiver such tales give us is due to the mere suggestion of shadows doomed to play a tragedy to vacancy through the lapse of centuries. There is something naturally awful even in the fancy of so much empty scenic effect taking place without audience night after night, by a law as absolute as that which calls up the moonlight and brings out the stars. It is the mixture of hollowness with lace, the obedience of shadows to a rule of destiny, There phantoms are thus set to refresh the memory of empty space concerning human crime lest the trace of it should ever be washed out which can- not but impress the imagination. But it would not do so, if this were not a sort of symbolic picture of the blinding intensity with which guilt is rivetted to empty and hollow forms of its own past thought. What makes us shudder at is the sense that we ourselves are capable of such ghostly feats of occupying ourselves for years, perhaps centuries, with nothing but a faded picture of a single act, and constantly reviving its colors for the benefit of no case in earth or heaven. A ghost of the old kind represents to us a spirit paralysed and the dread of the paralysis is always with' us. The new ghosts are frivolous spirits which play at cats-cradle or romp and they have no mean- ing for us whatever. If the old ghosts are to be superseded, five fear disembodied humanity is de- generating, whatever may be the case with the living generation. 