LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF ST. FEANCIS XAVIEirs HALL. The foundation-stone of St. Francis Xavier's Hall was laid on Tuesday, August 15—a day set apart in the Romish Calendar as the Feast of the Assumption. The building will be altogether without external ornamentation. Its dimensions are—Length, 70 feet; breadth, 35 feet; height to the top of the ridge inside, 35 feet. Tiie walls are to be of Glen Osmond stone with brick dressings throughout, and the style of the windows is to be early pointed Gothic. The roof will be open timbered, plastered between the purlins, covered with slate, and surmounted by an ornamental iron ridging. Ttpllinrl flic hill Trill l.n Behind the hall will be attached Committee-rooms. The present contract is for £1,553, and it is expected that the entire building will he completed within five months. The builder is Mr. McMullen, and the architects Messrs. Wright & Woods. On the morning of Tuesday a large concourse of people assembled in the Cathedral, where High Mass was performed. The clergy, consisting of the Rev. Fathers Smyth, Reynolds, Russell, Boiugarte, von der Heyde, and O'Connor, all dressed in their robes, marched in procession to the front, where the stone wasto belaid, and where a very large assemblage of people had collected, and took tlieir place upon a temporary platform, above which waved the flag of the Catholic V oung Lien's Society. Mr. M. H. Davis then came forward and read the following address "The Rev. Father Smyth, Ad. Aps. " We the Catholics of Adelaide, assembled to day on the auspicious occasion of laying tbe foundation-stone of a building which we hope and believe will be greatly conducive to the edification and eulightenment of the Catholic community, cannot allow this opportunity to pass without testifying in some degree the high respect and esteem in which we lio'.d you as our pastor. ■' In commemoration of the event, and as most appropriate to the present occasion, we beg your accentance of the accompanying testimonial:— " Malcolm H. Davis " M. McMullen J. W. Egan P. Fitzpatrick S. Pearce Creagh E. McEllister J. J. Cronin Jho. Geo. Daly. M. McDonald W. McSamee." L. Skipper Mr. E. W. Weight said—Reverend Sir, I have been desired on the present occasion to request your acceptance of this trowel, with which we hope you will to-day lay the foundation-stone of this building. I trust you will keep it as a memento of this exceedingly auspicious event, and that in after years you will look upon it with delight as being the iustrumeut with which the first stone of so important a building was laid, and as an indication of the esteem in which you have been held by tbe community of which you are the pastor. I also trust that this will not be the last time that you will have occasion to use it. The Rev. J. Smyth said he felt much gratified at receiving this testimonial on an occasion which had been truly characterized as an auspicious one. He would ever preserve it, and trusted that in a ter years the remembrance of that occasion would tend to cement the attachment existing between them as pastor and people. He requested Mr Wriglit to give his best thanks to those who had deputed him to present him with that beautiful gift. The trowel was of silver, and the inscription, which was surrounded by elegant ornamentation, was as follows:—"A.M.D.C. Presented' to the Very Rev. John Smyth, Ad. Aps., on the occa sion of laying the foundation-stone of St. Francis Xavier's Hall. Adelaide, on the Feast of the Assumption, 1S65." The dedicatory service was then commenced, the Rev. Father Smyth making the sign of the cross on the stone, and repeating the words—Di ttamine Pair is, et Pilsi, et Spiritus Sancti. Amen. He then laid tbe stone, employing the pontifical ritual:— "In tbe faitbof Jesus Christ we place this first stone of this foundation in the name of the Father, ortrl nf tllP Sfttt onrl nf tlio Wnl.- illwei and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that there, through faith, may flourish the fear of God and brotherly love; that this place may be destined to invoke and praise the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, with the Father and the Holy Ghost, lives and reigns, one God for ever and ever. Amen.'* The Rev. Father afterwards read the following words, being the translation of a document which,, together with the usual coins and newspapers, had been enclosed in a jar placed in a recess of the stone just laid;— " (In ill p Festival of the AcciimetJeeef Ula—A-t On the Festival of the Assumption of. the Blessed Virgin Mary to Heaven, 18t>5; in the year of the Pontificate of Pius, Pope the Ninth, the 20tli; of Victoria the First, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, the 2Sth;.Sir Dominick Daly being Go vernor of the province, the See of Adelaide being vacant; a large concourse of persons being present; the assisting priests being Patrick Thomas Russell, Theodore Bomgarte, Charles von der Heyde, Michael O'Connor, andC. A. Reynolds; the Very Rev. John Smyth, Administrator Apostolic of the Diocese of Adelaide, laid this foundation-stone of St. Francis Xavier's Hall." The choir then chanted the "Miserere," and the clergy, having reformed into procession, made a circuit nf the foundations. The Rev. Father Smyth then addressed the audience, remarking that the want of a room of that kind had been felt for a long time. Institu tions, the offspring of Catholic doctrines and Catholic teachings, had sprung up around them. Catholic ideas had taken tangible shape in the formation of this Society and that confraternity; but tbey bad only liad a limited space for development, and their growth had been thus retarded, as the growth of even a healthy plant was retarded when the space was too small to allow of its expansion. Room was required wherein attention might be paid to things which were quasi-Church matters, although, precisely speaking, tbey belonged neither to Cathedral nor Church; and they had come to the determination to supply that want. Large and useful, however, as that building would lie. it would hardly be extensive enough for the purposes for which it was intended. Few. rooms were so" generally fci use as St. Xavier's Hall would be. It would be a place for the ruoutlily meetings of tbe Catholic Young Men's Society, and for their quarterly soirees, undertaken for their own benefit, and the amusement and instruction of those who attended. Besides this, they were in need of a reading-room and library, although they were able to have a good library in St. Francis Xavier's Hall. Young men would be able to come there and spend an hour or two in mental recreation, and in addition to this, a handsome museum might be brought together, including the products or that beautiful country and specimens of their minerals. Further than this, the room would be used as a place wherein the children of the flock—the little lamhkins of the fold—would receive the rudiments of their education, so as to remove the danger of their being taken from the Church in which they had been baptized. Here they would be sub jected to instruction at the hands of Christian a fear in' the minds of^their anxious father anl mother that their faith would be tampered with between the morning and the evening. The Rev. Father briefly referred to the position of the Church in the Indies, and stated that the budding would be opened free of debt. The money was coming in, and tbey relied also upon the generous offerings of those present, whom lie would now invite to deposit their gifts upon the stone. The sum placed upon the stone at the conclusion of the address amounted to about £72. During the proceedings one or two photographic views of the scene were taken. 