May 26.-Sir 3. Walsh naked whether Goseroment had received from the United States any formal and otlielal demand for compensation to American ritteenas for losses sostained by the Alabama sr ether Cosfede rate cronsera alleged to have hers equipped in British post-t. Lord-Palmeroton replied that a correspondsene had hero going os for nearly two years between thr Government of the United States and her Majesty's Government on the subject, and within the last. few days a further rommanicatien hod bees received from Mr. Adams, to which no reply had yet been returned. The correspondence hod been condocted apse the most amicable terms.-Mr. Marsth rolled attention to the coot of the protection of our colonies. He regarded the colonies as great beoefits. If we had none we shoeld reqoiro to have arsenals and cossuhar and diplomatic cotoblishmente all over the world. Nothieg eaght to* be dose to hasten tthe seporetios of the colonies from" the mothter country. Mr. Barley said, while we scat £110,000,000 worth of ear preorue to ether parts of the world we only sent £5O,000,000 to Britiath colonies, while the costs Iof rding with the colonies was greater= than htse cost of treding with the world at large. The colonies eught ha be loes dependent on British support, and they wosid mohe mach greater pre/?resa. Mr=. Cardwell pointed sat that, while else concretion between the colonies and thse mother country wa-s highly raised, the former were being taoght, year by year, to depend less apon the latter. At some lengths he showed whet had been done in this fay. May 29.--On the motion for the second reading of Use Colonial Governors' Retiring Pensions Bitt, Mr. B. Coehrans complained that no pension was to be allowed to a colonial govereor usti1 he had served 18 years, sod erasn ot tlhen if he had not octained the o of G0h. He suggeated that a service of 12 years ashotdf be osuffirsiet. Sir Was. .Telliffe thought that gentlemen who had psassed their liven its filing these offies were entitled to be rewarded ;bat this bill was as exelesire in its nlacue that Sir Francis Head, who had so eminiesttly distingoished himself in Canada, woold re ceive no advantage whatever nader ito provisions. Mr. Moor referred to the ease of Mr. Lattrohe, who, after fsithfnlly serving the Crown as the superistendent of a colony for a long series of years, bad bees inform? d by the Under-Secetary for Otto Colonies, is a cold-bloededl despatchs,that,snothavinsg been a "lioutenaat-govresrno," he weold sot be entitlsd to a pension ssder the bill. Mrr. Adderley said smie of the chauses sf the hill were whsolly indefensible. Amongst other things it weold confersa pension apon thse gorernor ol the wow British America Coloenil Cosfederary, prorided thsey retained hsim for 18 years, or anti1 ho was 60 years of age. The jpensson, too, was shabby is amoont, sad oseful and distingaished services were oaecognised, whilst acoan whoohd misgocernad colony fbr the stiputeted period oudcome within the terms of the bill. Sir 3. Fak in gton epprored of the principle of the measore, bat soggested that distingoihhed as wall as lengthened asereees ought to he rewarded, and that snch eases as that of Sir Francis Head should he treated in a liberal spirit. After somn oboervations from Mr.-Cave and Mr. A. Mills, Mr. Caedwoll justified the proposa to reward for long rather than distsngsitshed services by reference to the practice followed ander the Superaonna tion Art. As to the case of the British North Ameri can Confederacy, it was impossible that one person coicld retnain in the office of Governor for 18 yeecs, the isse being to nerve for six years only is each Gorero moat. The duty of conferring a pension far distingeisherd services was a fonction that belonged oeclasively to Parliament, and soght not to he entrusted to any individoal minister. Thepreparation ofsa lsause spell. cable to the case of Sir F. Head or Mr. Loerobe woold be attended with this dileoclty. that thsey might nat he able to provide suffliciet guards. The bill was then road a second time. May 30.--On the resamption of the adjoornod debate on goicg itot Commtittee on the Reman Cathsolic Oaths Bill, Mr. Newdegate casred that the Honor go into committee tisnt day six months. M~r. Trehorse sneonded the amondmsest. Mr. Gregory was surprised at the opposition offered to a measors of the commonest. jostice. The Chorels had never soffered from the moe-a sores which had been passed fer the relief of Dissenters, and ohsewould not soffer if this bill became jaw. Ho vindicated Reman Catholies from the ehargo of dis loyalty, and expressed a strong opinion that there ssohoud ho hot one forssi of soth for all members of the Housee. Sir 3. Pakinglos said he believed therewere things in thte saths to- whsich a Reman Catholic might very proelrly objeet ; hot he theought that pact of it which referred to the proper~ty and necourity of the pretestanst Csareh eought to be retained. If the colon tion of that part were isot agreed to he should vote wills Mr. Newdegate. Mr. Hrosman deseribed the oath as a remnant of the dark ages which ought to hr dose away wills. Looking on the qaestion as a Pro testoet, he was prepared to gire his rordial sanction to the bill, as Iso had so faith is the cries whsi.h intoler ance reieed from time to time. He was in fat-oar of one oniform oaths of allegiance for all the members of the Hosuoet atnd althoagh he thought the sobjeet was ease thsat shoold be dealt with by else Goverement, he woo willing to go into committee no thto bill, as he con sidered illso be dictated eqoally by pallty sod justies. The debate was continoed by Sir- H. Cairnst, Lord N. Howard, and Sir P. Burreli ; after which thse motion for going into committee was carried by 193 votce Is 120. Jose 1. --The Chancellor of the Bxchequer announeed hIs intention to withdraw the Batik Notes Issan Bitt, hinting that it migltt become necessary in a futsre ses nsog to view the subjeet in a wider sense, sod to deal with it after inquiry by a select committee of the House of Commons. The order of the day for the third read leg of the bill was asheequently read and discharged. Jane 2.--The Moose took into consideration the re p ot of the committee spon Use preceedine~s of Mr, itehell, who, it was alleged, had ceaused fictetiousn sig statores to be placed upon a petition presessted to the Noose respecting thes claims of an Indian prince, Aceom Jah. Mr. Charles Foreter moved that the Homse declare that Mr. Mitchell was guilty of a breaeh of pri vilege. Mr. Hennessy defended Mr. Mitchell, sod, pre sented a petition of Isis. The Attorney-Goneral'replied to Mr. Hennesey, atid declared that the committee hand acted with the greatest impartiality ; and, so far as he coold jodge from reading the evidence, lie was of opisles thsat the clinrge of frond and forgery h'4d basis celarly proved, as woo also the charge of breach of pri vilege. After some dicscaisou the motion was agreed to. Mr. Foereer next met- ed that George lInrris Mst chell be committed to Noewgate, atid that ths Speaker shoold inane his ordor accordingly. The snotiass was opposed by Mr. Neonesey and Mr. Bentinek, and nap ported by Mr. Fergeson and the Attorney- Greeral, On a division this m~otse was carried by a majerity of 41 tot7. Mr. Forater thee moved that Pewel Marehall and Nesry Whitchead, having bass concerned with George Mitehell in committing the frand already re-I ferred to, were equahly guilty wits him in committing a breceh of privilege. The Homse divided, whesu this motiso was carried by a majority of 89 to 5. Mr. .Ayrten declared before the division that he considered the proceedings prcoposed in Use motion were no disere diteble to the Honor that ho world net vole. Mr. W. D. Seymour also objected to thle trying and stentening of a man behind Isis bark. Hr. Foroter then moved that Marohalt and Whitehead be comailtted to this eon td ofthne Sergeant-at-Arsis. This was agreed ho witouta dvison.In reply to MKr. Nennoessy, Sir George Grey asid that the usunl conree parasued in suchi cases was that if the person committed admitted his offence and petitiotntd she Hoose, it was nasual for also NIoose to take a nierciful consideretiois of his case and liberate him. If ho persiste-d in asserting that he had done no wrong he remained in costody doring the sit ting of Parliament. Josne 8.--The Sesgeant-at-.hrms sonouuesdasttho bar that he had taken into eastody the two moo (Powell Marshall and Henry Wlsiteihtad) chareg?d with having conspired with George Morris Mitchell in prmooring forged signatores to petitions presented to the Moose in faronr of his Highness Aneem Jab, hot that he had not beret able to apprehend George Morris Mitchell. Mr. Henneesy presented petitions from the peecant in. dieidualo, enpresning regret and contrition, praying to be diseharged without payment of the fees. The hon. ,gentleman made a motion to that effect. The motion for their discharge was agreed to.--A questien /from Ste. H. Seymour led to noise explanations on the pact of Mr. Layard with regard to the British captives in Ahyvsninia. The hon. gentleman strongly deprecated all -discussion en the subject, both is the Hosse and ens the press, no calculated to imperil the safety, if not the lives, of the prisoners. He assured the Heone that no effort was being spared by her Majesty's Government to seosre the liberatien of the captives. Jane 14.--Mr. Go6sehen moved the necond reading of the Tents A4bolitiehn (Onford) Bill. The motion woo senconded by Itr. Grant-Duff, who arguedithet the bill woald be unefol to the Church, aseful to Dissenstors, sod no?eful to the Usnirersity of Oxford. Lord B. Cecil maoved, ns an ciseodment, that the bill be read a second time that day three months. Me hollered dent the proposed changes woold injore the ussiversity, and degrade it to thse level of thooe German .inatitations where there woo metaptsysicot teamning in abundance, bat at the mscm time "ne abeolate dearth of religions belief. The Chaneeltor of the Eanhequer said he coqld have us hesitation an te the eouese which he ouglatto adopt on the present occaoion, bemause the qoration now ntood upon different grounod to that which it had eocpied last year. Tine promoters of theb ill now openily avowed their desire to separate edneation from religion, and that woo a principle to which ho woo reoolutely opposed. There were, however, two points in respeet of whieh the basis of the university might be, altered. For example, the tests exacted frois ths Ily members of the Church of England at Oxford ouglat to be modified, and the amiscprinciple sboold obtain there nas elsewhere; and, mecondly, tine enioting regulations might ho so altered as to give Dissenters all that might be safely given them. After some funrther diseasseio the Roase divided, and the numsbers were :-For the second reading, 206 ; against, 190. Jsne 16.--The Hence went into committee non the Law of Evideaco Bill, the chief object of which was to, mate husbands and weires Competent to give evidence in ouits for divoree or judicial neparation. On claune 1 a proviso was agreed to, to the effect that no notion for breach of promioe shoold bn enstainable unleen there wan evidenoe of promise in weriting under the hands of the parties. Mr. Loogileld moved the omisoino of the clause, whieh, on a division, was rejected by 96 to 27. Os clause 2, enabling the huohand or wife to give set deanse in actions far adoltery, Str. L~ongfold mored the omission of she clause, and after a short dinnunsion the motion was carried withoat~a division. Sir Fsteroy Kelly then withdrew the bill, obscering that it wouldl be disrespeetfot to the House to proceed withaumeasare whieh had been so signally condemned. Jane 20.--The 0 Donoghue moved an humble address to the Queen, representing that conscientious objections to tha present system of ainiversity education in .reland prevented a large number of her Mnjesty's subjects from enjoying the advantagen of university education, and praying chat nueb ateps might be taksen as would remonve thin grievance. The hun. member obserred ehat lne Roman Catholics of Ireland numbered fear millions and a half, yet they had no university of their ewe ar any institution for educailon dl a high order. TIheir _position in that reapeetwvasa indeed, one of grievous inferiority; hut they had no desire to deprive their Protestant countrymen of the advantages they enjoyed. T~hey only wished to be placeod upona footing of eqoality with their fellow-eubjecto in E?ng~ndd nod their fellow-subjects and co-reh~gioniste "In the eolonies. Sir a. Grey said to grant a cha?rter fob' a Roman Catholic university, with power to conifer degrees, wan objectionable on the ground that bay mukltplying these bedies they ran the risk of havipg different standards and that the degrees would 1bps their value. The boot coarse would, in his jisd~meot, .be to enlarge the powers of the Queen's Univerafty, amend its chsarter no as to remote tha restrictiont which new pwreseted it from grsnting ?egreeeto any ttudemj-ts •butt uhse wh hadpassed thebugls one of its colleges, an opaei pnthe come footing no the University ofLndn sM.Witseide believed 'the object of lbs isption was to asperats h ot of Ireland into tire classes, and tim Protestants would he asent tothe Dublin Unisersity, and the Rioman .Catholics to the newly chartered university.. Believing, therefore," thet?tosonlld introduse a dangerous principle, he should vote'against. the motion. After sums farther discussions, The, O'Donuglhne, in reply, admitted that the noheme indicated by the ,Government, if properly developed, might be worthy of eoasideratioa, andi'thanting theas for the ,andid manner in which, they had met the motion, he consented to its withdrawaL. '" Tux Dxxa.--After.deeeribing this event, the lon don correspondent of the LienenesiAl-rmeno writes; "The race had been scaroely neer, till ths rumour spread about tiln"course thnat Gladiateoc would be disqnalified. He woo a foer-ysar-old, and a pretest had been" en tered. A. dark report of this sort had been~in circa' lation nines lbs horse wan the Two Thousand Guineas; and no doubt his apperanee helped to seanare in sein an-mount of eredence. After what 1 bare stated, by way of general deseription, it maybhe understood thsat Inn loutse more like a fear- year-old than a three-year-old colt ; but the ground oaght to be esry strong indeed which would lead the English Jockey Cloh to ecen nug gent that a fraud had been committed by CountLa grange. Benides, tlne ebjeetiun woold come rather late after tine two roces had been won. If Gladiateur was doisqualified for the Derby, he was equally disqualified_ fr the Two Thousand Goineas. Were he disqualified now, thne diqsqalilication would be regarded, by all France as a cuindle, and an offence to thsat natioun the more dupecially if, no noise people coy, tine horse is the E?mperer's, though ron to Count Legrange's name, it has alwoys been supposed thet the Coont, eithner no a partncer or a friendly agent, represents his Mejeety on the Englih turf. The Prnuceof Wales, hecoispatnied by tine Dun do Brohunt and Lord Alfred Feget, elnief equerry to thne Queen, woo in the paddock, nod closely inspected the Frenoh harese. With charactcristie goodi taste, his royal hnighnessa warmly congratulated Count Lgange when thne race woo won ; and, en the folleowing morning, sent him an invitation to dinner. The isassec" on the course, though they were greatly diseppolotedl, shonwed nut tine least symptom af bad feeling ; and,. though tine precaution woo taken of having Gladintear surrounded by a guard of mounted police en the way hack to his stable, I don't thinik the slighntest attempt would have been made to wilfully injure him had Ins returned without an armed escort. Tine coarse woo folly as crowded no on any former onmoisio, thoagh, for some cause with which l am unacquainted, thters were fewer "socials" than asual. Mrs. Windhnam woo in an open carriage enthes hill. I observed thnat scums of the deni-mende had their hair dyed yellow, and pnw dered with email particles of a composition resembling dull gold. I did snot one any yellow dogs or horses, though I believe thnny dye both let Davis, to hoese saite with the ladies' hair, TntE c-enresa ERccwxr BatiDer f; men WOnton.- Tine proposed ?bridge which is to car the Seath Wleb and Great Western Direbst Reitwa? noroen the Rivre Severn, near to. Cieputow, ns, accerdon; to the design of Meesrs. Fower anod Felton, tine engi uers, cu~be ?two miles mid a qearter in length, and ie to have sufficent headway to permit masts of ships of 122 feet to. length. to pass under when tine norfese of thne river in at this. level of mean tide, no as in inn way to impede the navigation. Tine principal openieg which is to croess tine low-water ehannuel in to be 600 feet sanm, being the Itetl width of the Thames at Southwrark Bridge, or 159 feet wider than the span of the inenai Bridge. Messrs. Fouler and Fatten estimate the probable coat of this bridge at £g950,000, for which aum the eminent firm of Messrs. Corhreue, Grove, and Co., have under. token to complete the work. Craters UIOnmiocno AccrmDncT.-The ether day ass amusing incident occarred at one of the Dundee and Pecrth rnllway'stetiuns. A` lady was obsnered to pro ceed to several carrisges, and no seen as she had an wanded tine steps was notieod speedily to leap down again en the platform. N?aturally the caurinecyD of sore. rat of the paodu~gern were excited, and althnough they pepprd their lheads out at tine windos and ssitnessedi the proceedings of the fair cne, they were totelly at a loss to comprehend tho moasning of tier ninigulr men wanres. The ladly, with a puzched expressiouon neher ?ounutenance, atboot ron up to the porter,nand,ooswe are iofurmed, reqouested hInt to help tier into the carriage, an she swan nimble to force odmitinanc hnerself, from tine rsther extraordinary peoporlione of her crinoline. Bj tine bind assistance of tine tportertine lady was oounn sacted unit the train moved off'. This pleasing incident afforded a good deal of laughter to thnese who now it, bat tins lady non evidently somewhnat disconicerton.--Decdcc .Adwr. tiser. The aggregate yield of oil per day inn all the oil regiuns of tine United States is 61000 barrels. Oa this, to its ersde state, the average profit in abeut five dollars peor barrel, no that tine net profit en all the erode petro leum produced is 80,000 dollars per day, or nearly 11,000,000 dollars yearly. Tax Lam Bra lesser Pnwt '-Hor.nuem- Q Sir oseeph to get first into the serv'ice of the Devostehire family? Well, we havebseard that tilt was the way,y but we cannot prove the asathentipity of the anecdote. It was told -to no by one who knew,~fr Joseph, that P'atton, when a let, nowa ulking in's ?gden.-?ss of garden not given, but presumedn to the *ad? of Weburn Abbey-- where he wee thin acoifed'?by the D~uke of Devonshire :-"Boy, get me a light to? csy cigar. How will you briogit P'"= Aiet then boy wee puttied, but euddeisly be thus mpli4?'"'Ifjceothx'aee will give' me another'eigarI'will 4oan& Iigbl'?titalad brisg itto yon." .And this waed?onss'-andtlliDuhe, struck with the smartnusseof the led,'qer? ialo'~tslk with him when he brought the hgbt, and.. udhghim quick and intelligent, noted him down' Inlssti? or got him a Situation at SKew, and 'sits ij him in his own p?ardons atChatewot A'bJe story be authentic i'r not wecnots 'W"iV tmult as it wee told to uos, notno vouching for lies accrac.' A critical friend of ours has ol~jetetd foat. ths if It omcurred at all, moot have occurred t? ssisi'tbotyflve yeosr ago, and chat then' cigasi were.eea'&lytoat; in Esgland; bet we fancy "that "Isor iett&1$@<hie wrong. We think we remember the #lcandise'ofbllat time smoking cigars with long straws Its them, sld the no matter. Iftthatb?e doubtfsllspre~s ia'hocsbldltu- &ueotinnably; trueeiforwe-had itfreeel.llf."ehb In 1850the pro ofe fthe _uGnpsat~m adilemma. They had adopted dt'$th but when they came 'tocooeider ithiy' to ther lomay?. that it coud not be eretd o't?m& matter came updcr dis ioqiopingtebyn and Fenton struck him that a building on .that phat"f isegra canservatory at Chatewortlj--a yost selssiodlarslon and glass, op short-would anosyeoithes.pqrpqp )$t tan syr other, *acidcul thee'bsl sketim& Hee e plan which he bed, formed in .hismn4? js means he then, got deiss tithe ? had~ the engacity to. pe? at once.thath, ,elia a way out of thefr mdiflttyt. In shot, hsaa~ accepted and reolioed, as we allkno.k Ths _qwi the birtqhplace and hirthstbne of'lqeee[ lapad '' indred, of all otheroery'ste palead al. ompsst and yet toCome. .Qo lae; sthalseto ,?e in existence P If it be, it seul ig, iptl care. This version .of the blrydithsA4 sh given as .to the than" an'd. "ipeysq'. crystal palace first occrred t&6 r, ue the reason we hayise.etied,.we'.we. r.b carrect. The idin'mayhav.:.ee ~./: at a meeting of qsie't ees' s rse tno?art.?lfrdlzmted 'T? a Poclet'iimekeep~er, by. wbiesoe.... . cl enabled to tell the time, of da.y i:,? ea~jb~ea the same micues' so the, sun-dialpnisppuy . lad rtsrd,'prinfd "din gold, with's 14, J t n thread; Thim'thread uithe a?lpsdt and the bead will thent sloo die cb A To toll the rliehit. add. stigo h moust he placidi'keat'dhyo44s sibhis,-nd allowed to han.is ct)4st the.'interidnttoh's pf Wbi'? lla~i and 'sttoaga reopetivey hetmhepep in a very attractive jised e h;sas sune enay, the sale 'slfs atianp&llp; ~ mouas.--teadonea Realagahe - in' ev'ch;i." vd ,e'r?. ,sf sa.? ?Thre M&bp; wA ha r pgr pillars ofr.emil.1? How To Linen Dacw.np-?.j?yons, receemy, a+ name thend?ia edfesooci~begsvnftdtidlpeq broete hrem theebtee~k,'asmdtheat, lllilltfleNI~ t,. The knot had, however, compressed tjie,wsapjg"Ml the water notheiag'.abls'tb'eat~tih6lntlth reemained dluatisig on the en~tfsnshtxedd?~ ioliowing moerng? .' "' :": a''+" -4 curw toet The OnCensrvtovees 1ss'; is' con hi .politiesigloenp, mnm a'tkc'atle- r .. ? as onjerity ,in t1he+ next-] Fed itI"9i?++ rough, anod ?ounty,' wh~erve Onesi ghost of a oha~nce, has to 'be dlusa&di.; t, come, .they feel, wlhen:thefmusti{ii and no labour' ser mocnej'wilZrt objeet.: Biut it iean .intl ment election "ageto" that "thetilt very ?muth'like 'this, anid'if'-tny/ .ltai?d will be in .favoor +of tb~e'Sveenh~ithj'? probable, however, Conoereatipa' 'what. Th~e ?obsova~etivsTnh' those 'of the' Oovea'nmmeanh'td 'i Moreover, it is obesa'ahsle '?tlat ~ifT servacivee, 'lht' C Oimeratihh common "cteve'.' 'Vbocaut ?6o vative :seeceto.,le,/thcy?'iio's sition ,has lent one objeet ---o .le?# and alwaynse?ems to be iit+t&8, h that objeet ; hut; that objber~fta4 happens that the party, 'b?~ Conoereatire p arty very soo bn weef, in. 1858;. TYhe Goeeromsnt"kds forwerd a reform bill. It propose a acid at once two of ties mnat'itsuperut'sl Walpole..sad Mr. Henleys' seeeede is4 pisces below the '?.angway. "'The "hotv governed upon str'ictly Conservative ''a Conservative. prt' canuiot gov&'s~l principles.. The- Wvord' V.d3n~inrv?~"f pansire, wovcl;- .itci'nban.aisdh $5"hho" ditl'erent 'principles. 'Lord' Stsl. thIh) Conoerealuve, end. so 'does It". 'dong these gentleinis ore wide'si lhe'pee'o. ls . .Tan B?.nonoes.-A-s tl die a~r approaches, it becomes mere and mnoteapas' l., 9 immediste. ohasges' rew to be sxlpetad-' slfise'q policy or in the relative strength ofIb t?dif4ehI' The six.pouud frenebiseshelms' popnlir?'Ist tish toun of cendidateis, 5lhn 'ih'wai at the Jlet' . tinon. Theocanfldenseein the' co.er esvdesas.'w.,i6 ? tag to Mr.' Gldtoe dit'uih'ai' c tnrgely alloyed wiwth centhna 'sa tanp]' stllf'ust? thersameeautorityib a ttributtedtohson I be inferred that mant- hsaforo"thb'tiolIlt'ahlh "1 a nd that those who avejireetly ometmltl Constitution are inidispuosed to protein lB' ness for ehasse.'-"$nhts'di Utekee.' ,-'.gij owned extensive eolates, acid pboeaeseed't upldl'? personal celebrity, was opemd'mge f ?ew detysat deo~f a anohle fam~ly. Thse'wieresevrslh and accomplished young ladles in the famnllv*6 the heonourslc member, as in-duty bdoid' every attenteen. ,Juet no he wan abqut'.to' tsI4.~, 'the nobleman's wife proeeeded t'io tesel1t lil ter which, s!,e slleged,'wee caasingher''li U1di? " "It is reported." said the Coustipo,'; "ta?ow about to marry my daughter'L---,'and ?slash? v do P--what shall we say about 'it" P' "u"usnhs?, eponded the considerate-M.P., "jbotsa 'she me !"--eeurL Jesreet'. "' , ";..'"L Afew doys electst Cael, Ja smell ?hl'jktit4 ' a n.umber ef peasnte on veenming+6 m'"sir "u't ,fl.," after their midday repast, missd ohis ofbtfrheMfdtd, and on looking about found him ',ahragglhig.inta agonico of asudomealon mused is7 .a largmme ,?6 . monly calicO the smiroed (saluber mi0)5 :wh~leV biat, partially introdeced iteehf into his mooth while hea w asleepos thse ground. Aboat one- tihs'edoftheslnake'5h7?d wee in his mouth and throat, and the maet coilld't~ltlghtjI" round his stock. A aurgeon wase sent for, and'te~rt"'" possible meanu need to relieve the poor man5~ died berore it could be extracted. •+" '". l? A Pacific Pearl Company bee been formed' it'ffew' York, tie capitol of whirls is 1,000,000 dollarsTe. campasty purpose fishing for pears and peed sheila ot the Pacific coast. Their operations will be earned onu.j. by meusie of a isubmarine explorer. Pearl oyshese.' /.. said Co abound in thea GOlfof~nliorena, and itheel ..: flohed by the natives for 300 yers.s. The .masS". pseasle in the world are from the CehfornaeilL'GdP 1oo3.o? ?; ,Iso'ic t Prinsed siald Published,+by? eissrs !-" ""~i HtuoPsarxosem,. 3. 'Bowenuad'+.? Enacts S~noo, ac the, seetSf.e:, si '.f . ... . "..h' ree . - . " ., ,.;?,c.,-tl t.t ,', 