THE DIARY OF THE ATLANTIC ¦ CABLE. (From the Times.) As our readers are aware, an earth cable on Mr. Varley's plan was laid from the telegraph station at Foilhummerum, on Friday, the 21st of July, and on Saturday, the 22nd of July, the thick shore-end of the Atlantic cable was carried on shore from the Caroline over a bridge formed of twenty-five fishing yawls of the district. On the safe arrival of the terminal wire brief addresses were delivered by Sir E. Peel, Chief Secretary for Ireland, and by the Knight of Kerry, which were received with enthusiasm. The Caroline, veering out the cable in the track buoyed out by Lieutenant White, in charge of the coast- guard of Valentia, dropped the end 26 miles W.N.W. of Valentia at 10.30, and stood by the buoy all night. A despatch was sent to the Great Eastern in Berehaven. Although it was near' mid- night when the message was received, the Great Eastern got up steam and anchor with such diligence that her arrival, attended by her Majesty's ships Terrible and Sphinx, was signalled off Valentia harbor at 7.45 next morning. The weather was most favorable. The end of the main cable was next passed on board the Caroline from the Great Eastern. The terminus of the shore end was also hauled up and got on board, with the assistance of the boats of the men-of-war, and the operator of the company began the splice, which was subsequently subjected to rigid tests for some hours by the telegraphic staff, and found to be satisfactory. It was also ascertained that the insulation of the shore end had been greatly improved by its immersion in the water. The Hawk, with Sir R. Peel, the Knight of Kerry, Lord John Hay, and a party of ladies and gentlemen on board, left Valentia harbour soon after 10 a.m., and came up with this flotilla about 1 o'clock. With some little difficulty they got on board the Great Eastern in several trips, and enjoyed her almost terrestrial steadiness for some hours, but the ladies could not venture on the danger of embarking in the boats and boarding. At 4.50 p.m. the testing of the splice was finished, and the Great Eastern got in readiness for her course to the west. As she steamed slowly ahead, cheer after cheer were exchanged between her and the Terrible and Sphinx and after " one cheer more," at 7.16 p.m., the first fathom of the cable glided slowly over the stern and sunk into the depths of the ocean. The evening was all that could be desired; the paying out machinery worked with the utmost ease and regularity, and after a while the speed of the vessel was increased from 2 to 3, and ultimately to 60 miles an hour. All the while signalling with the shore gave the most gratifying results respecting the electrical condition of the cable. At 10.47 p.m., Greenwich time, 50 miles of cable had been paid out, and up to midnight the paying out proceeded without impediment, in calm weather, with favouring wind and sea. Monday, July 24 At 3.15 o'clock, a.m., when 84 miles of cable had been paid out, the electrician engaged in signalling to the shore perceived an aberration of the index light, which showed some singular cause of disturbance in the current. After testing the cable for some time by signals to and from the land, it became apparent that there was " a fault," as it is technically termed. The ship was stopped, and a gun was fired from the Great Eastern a little before 4 a.m. to call the attention of the Terrible and Sphinx. The paying out was discontinued, and the efforts of the staff of electricians were directed to the discovery of the place where the fault had occurred; but notwithstanding the perfection of the testing apparatus and the experience of the gentlemen engaged, a wide difference was exhibited in the results of various calculations. Some of the experimentalists thought the defect lay between the land and the seaward end of the shore cable, and others who inclined to the contrary belief admitted that they could not determine within the limits, even of conjecture, whereabouts in the main cable the injured portion lay. The regret and disappoint- ment created by the sudden detection of a flaw in work pronounced by the best authorities to be so faultless were increased by the reflection that if the cable were liable to accidents of this kind after immersion in the sea no human skill, precaution, or knowledge could afford any guarantee for success. The insulation of a wire subjected to continuous scrutiny of the severest and most searching nature by the most accomplished men in the kingdom in their branch of science, was rendered imperfect when the cable was for the first time called upon to stand a practical strain of the nature to which it was intended to be continuously subjected. A feeling of gloom for some time spread over the ship, but the electricians worked away in their dark chamber with unflagging zeal. It was finally resolved by Mr. Canning to cut the cable, having first secured it to hawsers made fast to the bow, and then to take it in till the fault was discovered. It was cut at 9.50 away. The operation proved difficult and tedious, and when the end of the rope was hauled in over the bow, after a delay of two hours, and a drifting of some ten miles to the leeward, it was found that the boiler intended to supply the engine for hauling in the cable could not keep up a sufficient head of steam to work the machinery with effect. The strain varied from 2cwt. to 3cwt., and when the machine began to work the utmost care and nicely were needed to prevent the cable being subjected to injury as the ship rose and fell in the sea over the 400 fathoms of iron and copper wire which hung from its bow to the bottom. A mile an hour was regarded as an achievement, and at no time was the rate over a mile and a-half an hour, while it now and then fell to a few fathoms. As the fault was supposed to be near the shore end, it may be imagined the prospect of returning towards Ireland at such a pace was not regarded with pleasure. Meantime,- Mr. Saunders, one of the staff of electricians, who has devoted much time to the examination of the test currents, arrived at the conviction, con- jointly with Mr. Varley, that the injury was not more than ten to eleven miles away, but he could not express it with certainty, or state any precise grounds for the deductions he made from his observations; 1 All the time signals were transmitted -\ between the ship and the 'land,. but 1 it appeared as if an impediment existed t to a distinct understanding between gentle- e men working at each end of the cable. 1 In the evening Mr. Canning sent a message to Mr. Glass, the managing director at Valentia, to despatch the Hawk to the Great Eastern. Weather cloudy, but fine, t Position, as far as could be ascertained, that 52 deg. 2 min. 30 sec., long. 12 deg. t 17 min. 30 sec. Sphinx busy sounding all round, in depths varying from 400 to 450 fathoms. In the course of the evening a t message was received from Mr. Glass that the Hawk would start as soon as she had coaled the Caroline. The Terrible sent 1 her first lieutenant, Mr. Prowse, on board, to see if she could render any assistance. The work of picking up the cable was continued very cautiously and slowly during the night. The dropping from the rope i showed a coating of ooze of a greyish dun color, in which it was asserted there were many microscopic shells. At midnight six miles of cable had been hauled in, and the fault was still overboard. Tuesday, July 25 At an early hour in the morning the Hawk was observed coming up from the eastward, and at 9.15 Greenwich time 9½ miles of cable had been recovered from the deep. Fortunately, wind and sea were low. The monster ship hanging over the cable seemed to take it up as delicately as an elephant lifts a straw in its proboscis. At 9.45 a.m., when a little more than 10 miles of cable had been picked up, to the great joy of the ship, the fault came on board. The cause of all our trouble, anxiety, and delay was a piece of iron about two inches long, rather crooked, and sharp at the end, as if cut off with a nipper from an end of wire, which had been forced through the coating of the cable and the gutta percha till it came in contact with the wire. There was a general impression that the mischief was the result of accident. A signal was made to the men-of-war that the fault had been found, and the Terrible signalled back " I congratulate you." A disposition to cheer everybody prevailed at breakfast, and preparations for making a splice were at once commenced on deck. The splicing and pointing took some time to make and test, and meantime the Hawk returned to Valentia. At length the Great Eastern put her head to the west, and the cable, at 2.50 p.m., once more ran over her stern with satisfactory indications that insulation and communication were perfect. At 3 o'clock, when somewhat more than li mile of cable had dropped slowly over the shore end became route, to the consternation of the operators. Not a signal! not a sign! The news spread from end to end of the vast ship. Faces a moment before radiant became suddenly as dark as night. Heads were shaken in wise despondency and gloomy forebodings; anxious groups gathered near the test house and watched the countenances of the officials, who went in and out as though they were arbiters of fate, the minutes accumulated into an hour, and the cable still remained dumb. At 3.15 p.m. the cable between the tanks was again cut, and an examination was made of the end of the various wires to ascertain whether there might not be some mis- take in the communications. Once more preparations were made to transfer the end of the cable from the stern to the bow, and to recommence the dreary work of our iron Penelope taking up her single thread. Tests for fore and main tanks were found to work satisfactorily, but the seaward cable lay in sullen silence. Even Mr. Cyrus Field in that sad hour may be supposed to have given way to an apprehension that the dream of his life was a chimera. But while the aching eyes of wearied and worn watchers were straining through the darkness of the little chamber in which was the apparatus, the faint light which had so long vanished from the index began to steal like a ghost across its prescribed track. Was it deception ? Again the pale ray moved on. Yes; there could be no doubt of it now; for the index light' talks a language here all can understand. All our fears are groundless. The signals increased in strength. Mr. De Sautz came out joyously, and called Professor Thompson to witness the grateful phenomena. Mr. Canning was sent for to the bow, where he was preparing the picking up apparatus. The exchange of currents between ship and shore became strong and regular, as if they were only a few miles apart. Once more the Terrible and Sphinx, long in much perplexity, because of the fresh delay, were apprised of the good news. At 4.15 p.m. communication is reported " All right," the ship proceeds on her course through the night at the rate of 6 to Go knots an hour till after midnight, when the wind and sea rose a little, and it was considered prudent to diminish speed to five knots an hour. It is impossible to determine the cause of this extraordinary detention and error, but an impression prevailed on board the ship that the cause must exist in the station on shore. Our position at noon, lat. 51 58 N., long. 12 E W.; distance from Valentia, 685 miles ; cable paid out, 742 miles. Wednesday, July 26 All during last night the cable was paid out uninterruptedly, and at 8 a.m. the good ship was 150 miles from Valentia. The loss of cable paid out was 788 miles per 100, making a total distance of cable laid of 161 miles, including shore end The morning was hazy, and the wind from the N.W., with rising sea, but the Great Eastern did not feel it more than a Thames steamer does a rough swell in Chelsea reach, while the Terrible, on our port quarter, was thumping through it with unmistakeable vivacity, and now and then buried her figure-head in the crest of a wave which flew in foam over her forecastle. The Sphinx, busily engaged in taking soundings, was away on our starboard quarter, having rather a harder time of it, and as the wind increased she dropped further astern till she was more than half down. At noon our course was W.N.W. f W., with the wind strong on port bow, thick all round with drizzling mist. Our position was lat. 52 18 N long. 15 10 W; our distance from Valentia 180 miles; length of cable paid out just 192 miles. At 1.45, Terrible signalled we were going too fast for Sphinx, but the cable was running out so beautifully that it was not thought advis visable to relax our speed. Three hours later the Terrible, which had sent down topgallant masts, signalled to a similar effect, but the Great Eastern did not relax her rate of going, respecting which there was some diversity of opinion, as the log showed far less than the actual length of cable in the miles run off every hour from the drums. The inconvenience of leaving the Sphinx so far astern was experienced by the Great Eastern when she needed soundings, for the Terrible had no sounding machine on board. It must be remembered that for deep sea soundings, in such depths as we were now in a special apparatus is required, and that the ordinary leads and lines used on board men-of-war could merely penetrate the upper waters of the valley over which the Great Eastern was passing at the rate of six miles an hour, trailing out the cable, which flew with admirable regularity, till, miles away, it touched ooze 2000 fathoms down. The wind came round to N.W., and in the night the ship's course was altered N.W. by W. and A W. As the cable was paid "~ ^ out in deep water, the insulation improved, and the transmission of signals to and from the shore which went on incessantly as usual gave the most excellent indications. It may be readily imagined that, under such circumstances, the spirits of all on board rose, even though the wind and sea rose too. At dusk the Terrible drew up close abreast of us working both boilers, and the hull of the Sphinx appeared above the horizon astern of us. Thursday, July 27 In the night the wind came round a little. The ship's course was N.W. by W. and A W. The sea was scarcely felt by the Great Eastern, but still high and adverse enough to cause the electricians who had been on board the Niagara to remark that the operation of paying out the cable from her would not have been practicable under the same circumstances. At 8.30 a.m. the total distance run was 302 miles; from the last splice, 235 miles, showing an average speed of 5-87 miles an hour of cable paid out; total loss of cable in direction from straight line, 9-32 per cent.; on the whole distance, 8-3 per cent. The cable continued to run with the most perfect regularity in a depth of 2000 fathoms, striking the water at a distance of 215 feet from the stern. As confident hopes were now entertained that the after tank would be emptied by Sunday the apparatus for paying out the cable from the fore tank was prepared, and the frame- work of the runners and channel fitted on deck over the tank. At noon the results of observations gave the ship's position lat. 52 34 N., long. 19 1 W.; distance run since yesterday 142 miles, whole distance from Valentia 320 miles. The Terrible, with both boilers going and topgallant masts down, kept on our port beam, the Sphinx, which when last seen had sent down topmasts, made no mark on the horizon, and doubts were expressed whether she could run on to her rendezvous if the wind lasted as probably her coals would be exhausted. Friday, July 28. A during the night the work went on smoothly, the insulation increasing. Course, N.W. b W. j wind, W.N.W. At 7 o'clock a.m. we had run 119 miles, paddle working 675, and screw 2732 revolutions. Sky clear. Sphinx not visible. Terrible on port beam. At noon, lat. 52 45 N., long. 23 18 4 W.; distance run, 155 miles; distance from Heart's Content, 1188-0 miles. Cable running out at the rate of seven miles an hour; total number of revolutions of paying-out machine at 8.30,152-900 equal to 476-6 miles, giving 1767 miles delivered since yesterday. At noon, 531*57nautical miles of cable had been paid out in water varying from 1922 to 1950 fathoms, our distance from Valentia being 476 miles. The Terrible was signalled to prevent any vessel crossing the course of the cable astern. She steamed round on our starboard quarter, and remained throughout the day Saturday, July 29 Happy is the nation which has got no history ! When morning came, it seemed as if the day would pass with all the monotony of successful progress. The paying-out gear worked away, the donkey-engine travelled, the tests, answered from end to end, deep called to shore, and shore replied again, and, indeed, in the sameness which gave a delightful languor to men's thoughts, it was some excitement to con- jecture why the Terrible had vanished clean out of sight during the night, although she came up sturdily again in the morning, and took up her station on our starboard quarter. All through the twelve hours, from midnight to noon, the cable glided at somewhat more than its usual rate, the ship going from 6 to 20 knots an hour on its course with the same north-westerly breeze ahead, keeping up the draught in our boilers. The day was grey and misty, but we were beginning already, to talk of lotteries about the time of arrival in Heart Content, and to indicate our easy confidence that the present was a fair guage of the future. In the night we had passed over 2400 fathoms deep, and at 9 a.m. were in 2000 fathoms only. At noon our position was lat. 52 38 30 N., long. 27 40 W.; distance from Valentia, 636 miles! cable paid out, 707; distance to run, 1028 miles. About ten minutes past 1 o'clock, ship's time, there was a slight com- motion and excitement in the neighborhood of the testing room, and soon after wards, with great quickness indeed, the engines were stopped, and the ship ceased to move. Up swarmed at the ominous quiet all the lazy life of the floating city, and buzzed about the deck. And soon as the cause was known; this time no " fault" far worse, " dead earth total in complete destruction of the insulated channel, so that its subtle current rushed from some gaping wound into the sea, and was lost in the great reservoir, never to be heard of more. At 3h. 3m. 30s., Greenwich, time, the operator in the testing room, who was watching the passage of a current, saw the light of the index suddenly fly beyond the limits, there being just 164 miles of cable out, and the tests up to the very instant being most satisfactory. The electricians were at once in consultation, but the nature of the injury was so manifest that there could be no doubt as to the only course to be pursued. Still, in order to make assurance doubly sure, it was resolved before the saddest and slowest of all retrogressive operations, "picking-up," was resorted to, to make decisive cuts in the cable, while the steam was got up in the engines forward, so as to be in readiness in case of need. On the first cut a test was passed through the whole length of the cable, and the result gave " dead earth " not far overboard. The cable was then cut at the bottom of the after tank, and gave the same result. A third time the cable was cut at the top of the after tank, and the test confirmed the preceding indications. Then, while the cable ran out with a strain varying from. 8 cwt. to 19 cwt., the necessary steps were taken to secure the end of the cable-to the wire ropes and slip it over- board so that it might be brought in over the bows, and secured to the picking-up machine, and with trouble and hazard and care, which cannot be imagined by one who has not, witnessed the operation, wound up again from the bed of the Atlantic. The apparatus of stoppers, rights, and slips seems crude and full of dangerous contingencies, but the experienced gentlemen on board jyej^i more confident than the sailors, l.^k'tt certainly were more sanguine than the uninitiated, who gazed over the stern with wonder and alarm at the feeble looking black thread at which the Great Eastern seemed tugging with all her giant might at every swell of the sea. For there, while the ship was drifting, the cable was running out still, the strain at one time rising to 24 cwt., which caused it to him through the water with an edge of foam, and when the end was let go and length after length of wire rope disappeared after it, and a crowd of men hanging over the sides, climbing among boats and ladders, and hauling in hawsers to clear the sides, shouted and clamoured, though obedient to command ; when fouls and hitches occurred, in spite of Mr. Halpin's incessant exertions, it required all one's faith in the skill of Captain Anderson in guiding his great ship, and in the activity, experience, and judgment of Mr. Canning, to inspire a ray of hope that the end of that cable would ever be seen on deck again. But at last the Great Eastern began to tug, away at the wire rope from the bow, and the excitement of the day was transferred to the other end of the ship. To shorten a long story, it may be at once stated that at 5 deg. 40 min., Greenwich time, owing to great cau- tion and skill in managing the ship and machinery, and perhaps to a sea of unusual calm, the end of the cable was hauled in over the bow, and the picking up machinery began to work it back again. The strain on the cable was indicated at times to be two and a-half tons j but it came up very easily whenever the machinery was provided with proper steam power. At 11.15 p.m., Greenwich time, the portion of the cable where the. mischief existed was got on board, and preparations made for a new joint and space and for the transfer of the cable to the paying-out machine. These defects in the cable began to excite grave suspicions, and to disquiet men's minds considerably. Sunday, July 30 The weather was exceedingly thick, but it was a dead calm, and when the splice and joint were made Mr. Canning considered it advisable to wait for a gleam of daylight before he began the paying out of the cable again. On the first attempt to transfer the cable from the bow to the stern it flew off the bow drum, and before it could be stopped it was jammed in the machinery and subjected to such injury that it was found necessary to cut away a considerable portion, and make two new joints and splices. At length, at 10.8 a.m., Greenwich time, and 8.10 ship's time, the cable was running out over the stern, in a supposed depth of 2000 fathoms. The sight and sound of the machinery thus restored to active functions, after 19 hours of dreary rest, were most grateful to all on board, and when Captain Anderson came down to breakfast, after an ordeal on deck from 6 o'clock yesterday morning, we all experienced a sensation of relief. For, indeed, the danger of losing the cable by a moment's neglect or an instantaneous accident was felt rather than openly expressed. As Captain Anderson, on whom the difficulty of the task of laying the cable made a considerable impression, observed, " one felt so powerless and could do so little " while the Great Ship and the the thin cable were adjusting their mutual relations all through the long dark night, and care- weighted morning. When we began to pay out there were but 132 miles left in the after tank, and it was a matter of calculation that at our present rate the cost there would be exhausted in the course of the ensuing night, and the coil in the fore tank would commence running out The insulation tests showed a high degree of excellence (1,500,000,000 B.Y. units). At noon, ship's time, our position was lat. 52 deg, 30 min., long. 28 deg. 17 min.; distance from Valentia, 650 miles; cable paid out, 745 miles. Divine service was postponed till 2.30 p.m., in order to give so(^.v*;.me for officers and men to rest. All through the day and night the ship maintained her average rate, and the cable ran on with delightful monotony; wind, light, nearly ahead; course, N.W. by W.; sea, smooth ; weather, hazy and cold; temperature of water, 54-0. The Sphinx supposed to have come up and passed us in the night. The Terrible at her post on our starboard quarter. (To be continued.) Gikgosb Wine.? When " sojourning," as all the fashionable Brighton papers have it, in America not long since, I made a collection of recipes, and in looking over my book found one which I think will suit your correspondent, " Madame Auguste," who wishes to obtain a good recipe for ginger wine. " Take ten gallons of water (soft water and 151. of loaf sugar, clarified with the whites of six eggs: bruise Jib. of white ginger,- boil half an hour. Rub off the thin yellow rind of twelve lemons, and pour the liquor, when it is boiling over the lemon peel. As soon as it is cool, mix a gill of yeast with it in a cask. Retain two quarts of the liquor, in which dissolve 2 oz. of shred isinglass; mix it with the wine, and shake well Let the cask stand open all night j then close the bung, and in three weeks bottle it off. It will be fit to drink in three months." I can safely recommend this recipe, but English readers will detect many Americanisms in its wording j for example, "rub" means "pare very thin" the rind off the lemons Correspondent in the Queen. How to Coin a Jokers is singular that so much astonishment has been created by a man walking with his feet on the ceiling, when no less a person than her Majesty may be seen with her head on (coloring. : Bites by Venomous "SpipBBflV?In the current number of the Australian Medical Journal Mr. Robert Carr, of- Talbot, details two cases in which most severe and constitutional disturbance was caused by the bites of venomous spiders. The tarantula is the only class of spider generally supposed to be poisonous, but it would appear that there is a brown spider, with a yellow streak down the back, the head being of a similar color, which produces under certain circumstances, or in particular constitutions, alarming symptoms, proving the absorption of a most virulent poison by those who happen to be so bitten. " The first case," he says, " which recently came under my observa- tion, was that of a man named O'Connor, a miner, who was bitten on the 16th February, 1863, at 6 o'clock a.m. He complained of a tingling sensation some time after, but made light of it for an hour or two, when very alarm- ing general constitutional disturbance set in. He still deferred calling in medical assistance, till 12 o'clock at noon. When I first saw him I found him in great agony. The spot, where stung, was rod and indurated, but not much swollen. He complained of pains up the loins and in both groups in the course of the spermatic vessels. He suffered from great constriction of the chest, and breathed with much difficulty. The action of the heart was irregular and labored the pulse intermittent, the eyes swollen and red, and he complained of dizziness and loss of sight. I at once prescribed large doses of camphor and laudanum internally, with liq. ammonia) at intervals; I also gave calomel and jalap with ginger. I ordered the liniment, spoons c. times. open, to the injured part. Hot fomentations and mustard were applied to the chest and abdomen. This class of remedies I resorted to from having used them, under like circumstances, successfully in India, where all kinds of venomous insects abound. In two hours breathing was relieved, and having por Severed in the remedies for twenty-four hours, the patient finally recovered, and all bad symptoms disappeared by 6 o'clock p.m. the following evening. The logs, however, continued very weak, and there was a painful tingling sensation in both feet. This last symptom disappeared by the use of anodyne fomentations. Notwithstanding the quantity of narcotics he had taken, up to this time he had had asleep. He sweated profusely during the twenty-four hours he was under treatment, and finally, on the third day, he quite recovered, after having had a refreshing sleep during the entire day. The second case was that of a married woman named Lithgow. She was very corpulent. She was bitten under similar circumstances to those described above, at 5 o'clock p.m. on Friday, 23rd. She lived within a quarter of a mile from the residence of O'Connor. The seat of the injury was on the inside of the right thigh, close to the groin, and it had the appearance of a red blotch, without any swelling. The symptoms were similar to those in the other case, and when I saw her, about 11 o'clock p.m., I found her in a very critical condition. She suffered from extreme pains in the loins and abdomen, and there was intense dyspnoea. The muscles of the chest were spasmodically contracted, and the action of the heart was labored, feeble, and intermittent, sometimes ceasing for two seconds. She complained of vertigo and swimming of the eyes. The countenance was distorted and anxious, both eyelids were swollen and oedematous, which gave the countenance a most repulsive appearance. I prescribed similar remedies to those stated in the first case, with like results. Sho sweated profusely. The breathing was relieved in four hours? the irregularity of the heart in eight hours. She dozed a good deal, but never slept till the evening of the second day, after which she quite recovered, the feet, as in the other case, being the last parts affected." 