Auction sales of Crown Lands do not at presentoffor any very promising prospects oHurgely augmenting the'ltevopue. These forced sales of the public domain liad been overdone oven before the Duffv Land Act-commenced its abortive exist ence. And long prior to 1862 the Go vernment auctioneer liad ceased to bo able to make a good tiling of the confis cation of tlio public lands, for himself, and at the sauio liuio to net a respectable sum for tlie Government. The people had been taught by bitter experience, ycni's previously, that attendance at the auction room, in tlio expectation of being thereby enabled to become possessors of the soil, which lay unoccupied and waste in millions of acres, from the Murray to the sea, was all " vanity and vexation of spirit." The Lsnd Sharks and the Squatters ruled supremo in front of tho rostrum, where tho broad acres of tho country were "knocked down" to the man of heavy purse alone ; and tho food-producer or intending agriculturist found tlmt there was no placo or part nllotto'd for him. in the Go- - vcrnmont arrangements, which professed to provide for the settlement of the coun try. "With bitterness of soul and heavi ness of heart he discovered that tho policy of tho Government of this "British colony consisted of tlio monstrous and short-sighted system of making over tho ownership of " tlio waste lands" either to monopolising squatters or to speculators, in order that tho latter might subse quently let these same lands as farms, at exorbitant rents, to tho men who would venture on the desperate task of subdu ing tho forest, aud growing crops on such terms. And in disgust and hopelessness tho most valuable class of colonists — tho men in whom thrift nnd enterprise wore equally combined — stood aloof from "the place of execution," where the Govern ment auctioneer sacrificed at the shrine of avarico and stupidity both tho legiti mate aspirations of the men of in dustry and the trno interests of tlio country. Tlio Niciror.so.v Land- Act aud tho Occupation Licenses at length came, when populnr disgust was at its height, to give the public somo slight foretaste of what a truly statosmanliko land policy would do for the community at largo. And thenceforward, tho Govern ment aueti'on-room beenmo utterly de- sorted oven by the land sharks. Since that period the tendency of our legisla tion has been strongly in the right direc tion of seeking to plant upon the soil a numerous and reproductive population. And with the advancement of that wiso policy towards completion, tho Govern ment salos of land by » auction havo vanished altogether, as a substantial reality. "What takes place now under that name presents but a "sorry sight. It looks liko a spectral scone, whero tlie troubled ghosts of a few defunct specu lators, doomed for a time to revisit their former haunts, occupy themselves in rc- enacting a shadowy semblance of their former malpractices. Salo by auction of tho Government lands is dead, as far as tho raising of rovenuo is concerned. Any one who took tho trouhlo to attend at tho rooms of the Government auctioneers on Friday last, when lot aftor lot of suburban and country lands were "put up" for salo nnd withdrawn ono after another without a bid, must havo felt that tho stupid system was at last struck down to rise no moro. Tho two or three purchases that were mad o were due to exceptional causes ; and they only served to show moro conspicuously tho utter extinction of our former iniquitous land policy. The revenue, then, from tho reckless confiscation of the public lands, which brought a plethora of cash in byegonc times to the Treasury, is at an end. From what sourco docs Mr. Veiidox con template supplying its place P Tlio gap in the Land ltevcnuo yawns wide and deep. Can it bo filled up by tho proceeds of further tarilF legislation ? Are tho people of Victoria, — irrespective of pro- tcctionist'proclivities, or freo-trado aspira tions, — so enamoured of tho burden of taxation, that they will permit the Minis ter, who wishes to mako tho attempt, to increase' that burden largely by additional imposts and. by fresh fiscal charges upon all articles of general consumption P "Wo do not think they are. They have en dured tlio'lnnd monopoly of the squatters, and tho mischievous drivelling of the Legislative Council, for years past, doubt less with something akin to stoicism. But these inflictions, though thoy brought social and commercial stagnation, aud a reduction of prosperity upon tho commu nity generally, did not mako a " sfcand- and-dqliver" appeal to tho pockets of tho'posple. They did not compel a. diroct turn-out of bard cash by each indi- vidua! ILoji ntul t.lioro without Lopo of escape from tho exaction. If they were of a nature to havo done so, it is pretty certain tlioy_ would have boon quickly numbered with " the things that were." Increased taxation, however, whether it is introduced through the Custom-liouso, or by any other channel, docs come down unmercifully on tlio hard earnings of the struggling man of industry. And although in tlio population of Victoria political intelligence is too high and widespread to permit people -generally to object to fair and moderate, or necessary taxation, yet unequal and unnecessary taxation will be certain to excite their most deter mined hostility. The appeal to their pockets, if made in tho spirit of partiality and class-exemption, will assuredly prove fatal to tho Ministry that ventures on tho unjust attempt. Tho peoplo havo hitherto borne with the monopoly "of the public lands in the hands of a few hundred individuals. But they will not mako choice for themselves of a monopoly jof taxation, in order that that small pampered pastoral class shall escapo its just quota to the Public - Treasury. No: the squatters must be called upon for a fair contribution in cash to tho coffers 'of the State, in return for their most profitable pastures. The lost revenue of tho land-confisca tions, which the auction room once sup plied, must not tlion come out of the pockets of. tho multitude. It is not the daily earnings of tho man of toil, nor the scanty takings" of tho shopkeeper, which, in the popular estimation, should be pounced upon for a heavy percentage to the Government treasury. And popu lar opinion; in this ease is right. It is tho squatter iff the white — the fortunate pos sessor of flocks and herds, who breeds and feeds Ilia stock, upon tho unsold public lands for a 'more nominal charge, and who grows in wealth daily from tlio proceeds of this very one-sided arrangement — it is the pastoral Nabobs, who must pay the requisite titlie and toll, which will restoro their just equilibrium to tho Government fluances. And the Ministry nnd the Legislature, must apply to these spoiled sons of fortune, alone, to make good tlio deficit that arises in tho land revenue. The M'Cullocii Ministry will therefore do what is alike just to the country and prudent for Ministers themselves, by ap plying their faculties without delay to devise amensure for obtaining an increased rent from the squatters in the white./ 