AQUATICS. Yaohtíner Gossip. The members of the Royal Sydney Yacht Squadron lu'lil tlicir Anmml Meeting un tin) llr.it Thursday in the .present montli ; and. «y aro glad fo. si-y thu'l-' under tho RiinrJ uianàgcuiciit pf its very aldo' euininittee, "prosperity is tho order of thc d>y. 'lim funds are reported "to bo ¡II n healthy afolo-tho, fleet Ima in- creased in both number ant} tomine-tho Secretury hun on hand an ampio supply of club buttons for the personal Adornment of thu members-and butter ft ill, there hare recently arrived several handsome prize cups for tho competition of tho clippers when the season opens. With the exception of the Gitana, the licet, continuo laid tip. The cont inned fine weather mid early advent of summer breezes hus 'already caused tho nijfcs of propartition to bo sent forth; und wo anticípalo flic cud of .thu month «ill Eec all the vessels underway. Tho Commodore will in all probability have tljo opening trip in October, directly II I dir which tho various crows will bc put under dis- ciplino ,tq compc/p for litt» <-jip (»von the seimon before last by the Hpa, but wlijuh the Ariee-Coumiodore, with illillinna! generosity, lins presented to Mic Squadron to be sailed for again. This event will likely bring to the ¡Btnrting. buoys tho famous Xnrifa, the lira, thu 1'eri, und the new arrivals, Alerto and Vivid ; t he hitter, we notice, has shipped her racing mast, hy which her appearance is much improved, \V»tn\flrt» such bonny craft, und the luck or a frito old.fnshiuned nor'-eusler, there ought to bo no cud of a race. The licet ol* H. S. Y. H. aro divided into three classes, lind oonsUt nf. present of Iii vessels-all genuine deep keeled yacht*, itt for harbour or sen ¡ und with tho ex- ception of ono or two of the smallest, have really com- fortable cullin'accommodation, with every convenience to sleep, cook, ic, below, mid would bear favorable com pi ¡soi) willi IA like"ninnhnr of .same 'tonnage belonging to tbe ynebt tWts of KnuUml. . 1 lie llrst-ela' ~~ Alerto, uniter, f<7 lon* .Tho Commodore .. Kw, «.lo, 21- «lo Vice-Corn inodoro Peri,, «lo, LS do .W. li. Dangar XarU'u, «lo, ilo.O. Parbury Vivid, do, 25 do.,.S. C. Hurt. hVcouit-ulnss over H tulls. : - Misuhiuf, do, ll tuns....Messrs Itoxhurgh and '. Maclean Semi, do, 1:1 do .S. Spain Way not, do, 8 iii».I. A. Illowa lila, du, 0 do.il. Josephson tl il a nu, do, 7 do.i.1'*. J. Jackton Mnzoppn, do', li do.(1.lt. I". Puckley . .lulu» (iron), culler, 9 lons ..1!. J. Want Kluinii do bigger, 8 do .W. I'". Morin The Oitiniii has b.eeu recently lengthened, and other ivisu in nub ii bured, and trill imtv measure about 10 tons. I Itu .1 lurte, Hm, Vivid, Mischief, Why Not, amt Juliu uro Kitglisli bttili ¡ tito .Send, American, by Kyfe of >iu»v York, we believe. The others ure Colonial built -Vill iIii, by .Sheehy 1'ori, hy riithbcrt Ida, by bur owner ...... j (liliinii, by (Jreen, altered by Sheehy Mageppa, by Ifvvmilds,. Klninc, from her owner's design. The fatuous little Au^trulluu (hy .Sheehy^ docs not show in'ibu Club Hst; ber peculiar" build not allowing her to be measured within lite Club Huies. Thoro is.no doubt she was constructed with a rudder pest in hiid sliips expressly tu yul -to windward of Vnclit Club metis uren) ent ; nial being au extraordinary length over, nil, small beam, willi no Allings below, or even lining, sile is in reality u IIITO incjiig inncbilie, mid n class ol' vessel, »'Inch, wo 'think, tho members of thc Squadron net windy in rejecting .Cutler tho auspices of t'oinnioilore Walbor, there are eiiiistiiiit accessions to the strength of the Club, which I now number* over 200 members; and wo may reason , »lily ant iuipale' that the first Kin ul Vaeht Sipmdrou of I Australia, foi'med under Ibu dislingtiisliod patronage of His Hoya I 'Highness the 'i'rilioc ol' Wales, its vessels per nutted by tho J.onls of Ibo Admirably (limier special wurrntir);'.(o wear the Bfu'tt" ICustgit of Her Majesty's Kleef, will at nil. times- bc found worthy of the iii*. Iilivjiltwired prelîx ol .«oval, mid become not only au ornament of thc unirme ut thc Antipodes, but eventually a ruluubli) liursurv for nur nullor vont h. VAKUKuDKuKKSS' GHOST. Mvrcn mn-wnp* IIICKBT AND GUEEX rou .C100 .1. Silin.- Ilia second' Yuateh between tho celebrated Richard Oreen, so 'long acknowledged Champion ol' Australian waters, and Hickey of .Newcastle, a late aspi- ring for first-cliHs aquatic laurels, ottilie oil*un tito usual course on Saturday afternoon, mid excited u large moonlit of interest. tin thc tonner occasion, when Illekey easily itefeuted his "ippnneut, nciiher tireen nor his friends were satisfied with the result of ibu nice ; mid lite thucniisopiuuce was it fresh mutch in thc .same boats. If Green's condition was faulty in the first in itch, noiliing of thu sort coutil bu said ou Saturday ; fur, he looked ns tine us it star, mid had done himself tull justice in training; while ono could not look at Hickey without, feeling con- vinced that- be was in tip lop fettle. Thu race is soon told : Oreen, as is his wont, jumped ntl' with the lead, but after pulling some distance, thc .boals fouled, and rc iuuitie.1 locked in clo«) c i.brace for some seconds. Hickey at length allowed tireen to pull away tutti take his boat clear, anil both went to work ia earnest. From -iliis point Hickey had thc race in hand, overhauling and passing Oreen, in splendid style, and winning nt his ease. V luuever may lie said of Green's defeat, one thing is certain, no luau caa lust for ever ; and winni wc remember that Dick Circcti bas been nt the top of his pro es-ion for ninny years, it is not to bu wondered at that he is to bc sniue day beaten bye younger nutt a fresher mun. Jt is no disgrace to have been beaten by Hickey, who will undoubtedly one dav, mid that not a disl.-mt one, carty the colors of Australia to victory agaiu-t all coiners, with chu same honor mid credit as his predecesor in thc Championship ; ami we should liku to seo Green rcspose on thu miréis, which he his so honestly won through a long course ut* probation, rather than continue those contests which thc ribing generation are most lilted to carry on. Hy such a course he will bc spared the inorti Heat ion of defeats, winch must como in the natural course of ureltts. 