ORIGINAL POETRY. SEANCE A LA MESSIEURS DAVENPORT. INTERVIEW WITH THE SOUL OF A TOUGH [?] SAGITTARIUS. Goolwa, January 21, 1865. Incantation.—Goblin music by the cook scrubbing a tinpan in the kitchen. O! bovine ghost of boiled and roast I summon thee, arise! thee, to here I toil with weary jaws— Void stomach—tearful eyes. eyes. Came forth, fell sprite, and vindicate Thine earthly, tough disguise- In the solemn name of a truss of hay Again, I say, arise 1 Beaolv?4tts tangled leathery web I tug despairingly; For I must eat the fearful morsel By that vJUain cook's decree. Alas! thy flesh is cruel fare, Yet will I say for thee It gives the very best of wear, O, Bullock ! O, Bolloeky! The shadow form-of a snaily horn Now flitted slowly by, And a mournful voice crept to my ear Between a groan and sigh. BESPOHSB. Hy name was Nob, 'fcis nineteen years Since first I saw the son ; With wrongs and pains, and toils and fears Of whips and hunger, blows and sneers- Through glue-pot swamps, o'er breakneck tiers, Hy earthly coarse was ran. My owner cut and branded me In calfhood's careless hours. And taught me Boon that yoking-up Had spirit-breaking powers;. Ah! memory holds the record of Fall many a curse and blow My reckless, cruel master gave— They call'd the wretch " Hash Joe." Smart lads would write whip- alphabets On my devoted skin; And smiling Christians saw the deed Bat seldom call'd it sin; Through toilsome days and hungry nights Too oft, alas, I've gone. Chewing imaginary cuds. For real ones I had none. Through grades of pain promotion came " Near Poler" they made me, When Jca's eha-p whip-stick sought my ribs la doubtful pleasantry; With toppling-loads o'er sltppery steeps I found the fact to be, That honors of superior rank Somet'mes hng heavily. At length when friendly pleuro came And caught me on the sly, Hy tender master butchered me Far fear that I eh old die; And now my flesh gluts thank'ess maw 3 like thine ingrats and vile, CMI cannibals wile eating me Abusa me all th 3 while. A lovely cook-maid gained my heart For six-pence as it hung, I was very dear to her she said, And I believa her, for she had The remnant of my lurg ; My blood they made black puddings of The miller grinds my bone, My hide mast bear more beating yet Upon some base lap-stone. But ah! unkindest cut of all That wrings the wildest wail, For Borne fastidious epicure They even beiled to soup my poor Inoculated tail.- Avenging memory, canst thou. With speechless horror arch his brow, And make his gills grow pale. * • • • Those recollections harrow me, I may not tell thee more; But marvel not my flesh is hard,' With knotted fibres clinched and barred By many a callous sore. Go ask creedmongers, learned and wise, If they can answer thee, For needless pains and cruel wrongs, Who shall atone to me. • • • • The snaily-horn toss'd threateningly. One bellow shook the room A ghostly tail swung like a flail, Then melted into gloom. 4 A correspondent of a contemporary, in describing the fight he has had with the wasps, says, "I giro a penny for every queen wasp in the early part of the season, and a shilling for every nest afterwards. The queens and the nests are destroyed and burnt when delivered, bo that they cannot be brought a second time, and they are from my immediate neighborhood, and taken by my own laborers. I hare paid for 5,079 wasps, £21 95.3d.; for 982 nests, £49 28.; total amount, £70 lls. 3d., and I shall probably have nests brought for some weeks longer." One of the speakers at the recent meeting of the Wigton Agricultural Society said he had lately been on a visit to Mr. Alderman Mechi, and he met there a farmer indeed—a Mr Campbell, who farms 3,400 acres of his own; he had 11,000 sheep and 1,200 head of cattle; he lately sold his wool for £10,000, bought it back for £11,000, and cold it again for £12,000. That gentleman told him that he bought £10,000 worth of oil cake at a time; had spent £28,000 in draining, and had covered up 26,000,000 of tiles, TJiis was something like farming. 