THE BTJRIAL' OF BOOTH. The following^description of the re moval of Booth's body,-and' its burial, is: given by the "correspondent; of the New York World:— "Just at the doctor's coming Booth bad asked to bare his hands raised and shown him. They were so paralysed that - he did not know their location. "When they were displayed lie .muttered, with a Bad "lethargy," ' Useless— useless.'TheBe were the last words he ever uttered. As he began to die thesun rose and threw beams into ail the tree-tops. It was o£ a man's height when the struggle of death twitched, and fingered in the fading bravo's face. His jaw dropped spasmodically and obliquely downward;, his- eyeballs rolled to wards his feet,"and began to swell.; lividness,; like < a horrible; shadow, fastened upon him,; and, with "a sort of gurgle, and sodden check, he stretbhed'his feet and"threw his head back atid gave up the ghost. They sewed him up in .a saddle blanket.' This was his shroud too like a soldier's. Harrold, meantime, had been tied to a tree, but was now released for :> the -march. Colonel ; Conger pushed on~ immediately for "Washington; -the cortege was to follow. Booth's only arms were his carbine, knife, and. two revolvers. They found about him bills of exchange, Canada money,1 and-" a diary. A ■veh'erable'old negro living in the neighborhood had the misfortune to possess a horse. This horse was a relic of former, generations, and showed "by his pro truding ribs the general leanness of the land. He moved in an eccentric amble, and when put upon his speed was generally rnn back ward. - To. this old negro's horse was har nessed a very shaky and absurd waggon, which rattled like approaching dissolution, and each part of.it ran.without any connexion or cor respondence with any other part. It had no tailboard, and its shafts were sharp as famine, and into this mimicry of a vehicle the murderer was sent to-the Potomac River,-while the man he had murdered was moving in state across the mourning continent. The old negro geared up his .waggon by ineans of it set of fossil harness, and when it was.backed'to Garrett's porch they laid within it " the discoloured corpse. The corpse was tied with ropes around ; the legs, and made fast to the waggon sides. Harrold's legs were lied to Btirrups, and he was placed in the centre of four* .murderous - looking cavalrymen. The two sons .of Garrett were also taken along, des pite the sobs and petitions of the old folks and women; but the rebel captain who had given Booth a lift got off amid the night's agitation?, and .was not rearrested. So moved the caval cade of retribution, with death in its .midst, along the road 'to Port Royal.' When the waggon started, Booth'3 wound, till now scarcely dribbling; began to run anew. It fell through the crack of the waggon, and fell dripping upon the axle, and spotting the road wi'h terrible wafers. It stained the planks, and sbaked the blankets ; and the old negro, at a stoppage, dabbled his hands in it by mis take. He drew back instantly with a shudder and stifled expletive, ' Ghr-r-r, dat'll . never come off iq de world; it's tnurdererV blood. He wrung his hands,' and looked im ploringly at the ./officers, and shuddered again: " Gor-r.-r I wouldn't have dat on me fur tousand, tonsand dollars.' The progress of the team was slow, with frequent danger of Bhipwreck altogether, but toward noon the cortege filed through Port Royal, where the "citizens came out to ask the matter, and why a man's body covered with sombre blankets, was going by with so great an escort; They were told that it was a wounded Confederate, and bo held their tongues. The little ferry, again in requisition, took them over by squads; and they pushed from Port Conway to Belle- Plain, which they reached in the middle of the afternoon. All- the way .the blood dribbled from the corpse in a slow, in cessant, eanguine exudation. The old negro was niggardly dismissed with two paper dollars. The dead man untied and cast upon the vessel's deck, steam gotten up in a little while, and.the broad Potomac shores saw this skeleton ship flit by, bb the bloody sun threw flashes and blots of unhealthy light along the silver surface. All the way associate with the carcass went Harrold, shud dering in so grim companionship, and in the awakeoed'fears of his own approaching ordeal, beyond which it loomed already^ the gossamer •fabric'of a scaffold. He tried to talk for his own exoneration, saying he had ridden, as was his wont/beyond the East Branch, and re turning, .found Booth wounded,. who begged him to'be bis*companion/"Of his crime he knew nothing, so help him God, &c.; But 'nobody listened to him. All interest of crime, courag«vand retribution centered in the/dead flesh at his feet. At Washington, highland low turned out to look on Booth. Onlyjafow were'permitted to" see his corpse for-purposes of.1 recognition. It was fairly preserved, though on one side cf the face distorted, and looking blue like death, and wildly^ bandit like, as if hasten by avenging winds. Yesterday, the' Secretary of War, without instructions of any kind,; committed to. Colonel lafayette C. Baker, of the secret service, the stark coTpse, of /. Wilkes Booth, 'The secret service never, fulfilled it* volition more. secretively. * What have' you done with the b*dy?' said I to B-kerl 'That is known,' he answered 4 to only one man living besides myself. • It is gone. I will not tell you whfrc. The only man who knows is sworu to silence.1 Never till the sreat trumpeter enmrs shall the grave of Boolh be discovered.4 And this is true.: I asb night, the 2?ib of April, a small rowboat recced the carcaBe of the murderer; two men were in it; they carried the body off into the darkness, and out of that darkness it will never return. In the darkness, like his great crime, may ft remain for ever, • impalpable, invisible, nondescript, condemned to; \tbat worse than damnation—annihilation./J -The river bottom may ooze about it, laden with great ehot and drowning manaclea.—The earth may have opened to give it .that silence and forgiveness which man will never give its mr-movy. The fi3hes may "swfm round it* or tbe dairies grow white about it; hub we shall never know. Mystertousrincbm prehension, unattainable, like, ibe dim rimea through which we live and thiokupon^as if we only dreamt them in perturbed fever; the assassin of a nalion*a head rests somewhere in the elements^ at\d that is all; but if "the" in dignant seas or the profaned turf shall ever vomit this corps* from their recesses, and it re ceives human or Christian burial from come who do not:recognise,it; let.; the last words those decaying lips ever uttered be carved above them with a dagger, to tell the history of a young and once promising life—useless ! useless I" " The Captives in Abyssinia,—Mr Chart's "Beke writes that at the time of the trial of the missionaries on November 20, 1S63, Captain Cameron had not only been several months at 111* Abyssinian Court, but was himself prisoner, he having, with the whole of the Europeans in the couutry, been arrested n week previously. It was not till two days after the trial and condemnation of the mis sionaries—namely, on Sunday, the 22nd of November—that despatches from the Foreign office to Consul Cameron arrived, Mwitli kind of reprimand, and instructions to go to : his post at JIassowab." Of course it w^s quite out of his power to obey the in&tY;\iisth>.ns so given; for "the consul had previously bad his hands only half-bound ; they were now bound altogether." ' We (Uctdtr) learn with d'oep regret t»hat melancholy tidings have just reached this country from the captives in Abyssinia, They ore sinking fast, and it is probable that we shall boou hear of their deaths. New Zealand.—Gen. Cameron has asked for 2000 men from England as reinforcement*. The Secretory for War not only peremptorily declines to send them, but repeats his instruc tions for the withdrawal of fire regiments. The Colonial Government has asked permis vim to enlist 1500 men from the troops now in New Zealand, as a local force, and the Government is willing to accede to their re quest. But whether the local corp3 isto. be on the footing of militia, or a colonial regiment like the Canadian Itifles, does not appear.— Army and Uavy Gazette. i Hobbible Tragedy is Austria.—At St. Georgen, in Upper Austria, a pedlar, accom panied by a girl of 9 years of ege, recently asked for a bed at a farm-house. The farmer was dazzled by the money and valuable goods ..the pedlar bad with him, and agreed with his 'wifeeto murder him; When the pedlar was asleep the farmer dealt him several terrible blows over tbe bead with the wood-chopper, which at once produced death. The farmer and his wife proceeded to drag the body out of the house; and as they feared they might be betrayed by, the little girl, they resolved to heat the oven and put her in it. The child, however, had observed" the whole occurrence with rare presence, of mind," and, while the assassins were trying to destroy the traces of their awful deed, escaped thTough a window into the high road, where she related the whole affair to a patrol. The latter hurried at once to the spot, and the farmer couple were surprised at the moment they were heating the oven to commit the Becond crime. The two monsters conld not deny their guilt, and were carried off to prison. 