OCR LONDON LETTER. August 25TH 18G5. Everybody who is anybody is off totho Continent, and according to the ' Times,' if during this month one man meets another in the streets of London, he feels bound to apologise for being in town. The newspapers are editing themselves, and on the whole do it very well. Election storms have subsided, and, with few exceptions, the members are literally abroad, D'Israeli and one or two Tories have been endeavoring to show that they had not lost much ground, but the arithmetic was not on the two and two make four principle. It rather reminded his hearers of what 3ome years ago he said of Sir Archibald Allison—that he had written a book of ten volumes to prove that on the whole duriug the long war with France, Providence was on the side of the Tories. We have bad, therefore, to fall back on social topics. What the newspapers would have done but for one or two fortunate murders and the Atlantic -SHIP, r »IIO paper I saw brought again into light the child with two tongues, three children at a birth, and one or two other stock subjects. Latdy, however, we have had a surfeit of murde-s, Pritchard was hanged. Constance Kent his, it is said, written a confession, in which sie states that she had sharpened a razor to a point and accomplished the deadly thruita with it, having previously opened the windov. A murderess of a peculiarly horrible kind hs been convicted and will unfortunately chat Calcraft. This old hag named Wiusor, lis made it her profession to murder childre. Her fee appears to have been five pounds, r what she could get, her usual method was j smother the child between the mattress ad the palliass. Some months back she and i woman, the mother of a murdered child, wej put on their trial, but the evidence was u sufficient, and the judge finding on Saturda night that the jury were not likely to com to a decision, dismissed them. The mother t the dead child then turned Queen's evideuct and went through all the horrible detailf implicating herself also with a coolness am a minuteness which carry the stamp of truth The woman was condemned without hop of mercy, but her counsel raised legal objection which will probably save hei He submitted that when a prisoner was trie for a capital offence, the jury ought not t have been discharged, but to have remaine until they had consented to a verdict. Th q judge did not consider the point of any im b portance but the Chancellor considers it p sufficient consequence to be carried before th e judges. t Thus the woman has escaped for th l present and will probably escape altogether. ' In London we have had three children murdered by a man named Stephen Forward, or as he has chosen tocall himself Ernest Southey/ fo itamsgate J-- and shot his n,„ wife „„„„„drel and child went tW committing five murders in two days T|,P same man attracted some attention a year „1 by writing to the newspapers a farrago of nonsense, which he called his life tfjK „„,;! seemed to be that he was a man o n e^ordinary power "tried in the furnace of auction and therefore with a claim upon every body for money. The Womau whom he lived after he had deserted L ™fe was his » more than wife." He had determiL to live a goodlife he told us, anTi?TrTto cany out his notion turned billiard-marker In company withhis more than wife h U written begging letters to half the nohiliw Earl Russel sent himfive.pounds^ document which Forward has wri ten since he was apprehended, he accuses the Bishon nf London, Earl Shaftesbury, Mr Gladstone^and hate thy neighbor and love thy u^Vbl wrfe." A murder committed by a s X on Major De Vere occurred last week, A private had been punished for some breach of m S rule by the deceased, and took theopportS erf shooting his superior officer. De Vere d ed three days a*o, after lingering a-wee^ and after eve^ one was beginning to enterWn bopes that he would recover. Jte w b Telegraph' hints unmistakeably - that , the murdered inan was tyrannical to his men, and. Bays that the sympathy among the soldiers; themselves is rather towards the murderer than his victim. There is a very strong opinion that it will be necessary soon to make very great chauges in the army. Since Ireland has ceased to furnish a constant supply of men, recruits have to be picked up anywhere^ and without relerence to characters. How to discipline such men is no easy matter. The murderer, however, belonged to the sappers, who are the best educated men, and perhaps on that very account most difficult to deal with, after the martinet fashion, in the army. Two days ago we had another child murder in London. A poor wretched, half-starved, half-crazy woman,living in one of those wretched alleys which are to be found nowhere out of England, and which here are the hotbeds of cholera, fever, and vice, murdered her three infants, in order, as she said, they might get safely to heaven. To her death was preferable to the wretched squalor, the filth, the vice, the starvation, and the struggle for existence, which constituted her world. Accordingly she cut all their throats but an elder son, sixteen years old, she " looked at," but would not kill, because he was " too wicked to die." One can hardly help beine reminded of the Swedish clergyman who was executed last moutli for killing his communicants by poisoning the sacramental bread. He also did his deed in order to send his victims the quicker out of this world to a better. His motive appears to have been honest,and though justly executed, he evidently believed to the last that what he had done was praiseworthy, Agaiu the Alantic cable has failed. Everybody seems to believe that the failure is equal to a success. Tbe distance had. been more than half completed when the signals showed a fault Two such had already been discovered, and Yioth owing to the same cause. In each a piece of iron wire had worked its way. or as those on the Great Eastern seem to think, had been pushed wilfully through the rope into the very core, so as to be in contact with the electricwire itself. When this third fault was discovered, the cable was passed, in apparently a clumsy manner, from the stern to the bow of the ship, and the engines being reversed they began to haul in the cable. This was very slow work. They had to haul in about six miles, for such is the delicacy of the test ^pparatus that the electricians on board can tell exactly where the flaw is. During this hauling-in process the cable broke. We were acquainted with the fact in London the same day, for the signals showed " dead earth" immediately. For ten days we were in suspense, At first we all imagined the Great Eastern would return at once, but as the time wore on without any sign of her, some began to fear she had come to grief as well as the cable itself. At last she made her appearance, and to such an extent had the excitement extended, that the news of her arrival caused almost as much sensation as the receipt of the news of the fall of Richmond and of the slaveholders, : confederacy. Then we had the full story. ' After losing the cable they had begun to search for it. Two miles and a half below the sur-; face of the Atlantic lay the precious rope . " ' ' ' " ' " ' ' ' which is yet destined to make England and A iioVc ; less as the task might seem to grapple for it at this depth, yet the attempt was made, and with this satisfactory result, that of four attempts to hook it, three were successful Once they got it a mile from the bottom, when the sudden rising of the ship to a wave increased the strain aud broke the grapnel. Each time this accident occurred. Unfortuuately such a contingency had not occurred to the managers, and only three cables could be got suitable for such deep sea fishing. Hence, after having taken careful observations and having constructed abig buoy, the Great Eastern returned to Europe, The Company are determined to proceed with the undertaking, and fully anticipate being able to fish up tbe cable and coutinuetlie work tbus suddenly cut short. While speaking of the Great Eastern T may mention that there is a vessel now nearly finished on the shore of the Thames which is likely to make a more important era in ship building than the big ship herself. This is the "cigar ship." She is to attain such a speed as uo vessel hitherto constructed has ever dreamt of attaining. Forty miles an hour have been spoken of, and I should hardly like to say anything so low as thirty in the neighborhood of the ship herself. Australasians mmint cannot help linlr, taking tnlrinrr a lively livnlir interest inf-Araaf. in 11- Im- her, because if she can do what is expected, it will be equivalent practically to bringing you eight or nin» thousand miles nearer England. The uestion that is proposed is this. Is it possile to have an ocean express which shall be to resent ships what one sixty miles an hour, xpress trains are to the lumbering fifteen or wwenty u ly mue miles luggage trains ? Here are the " , * * ™ )ar t ,T larB , of re^ers ^'P' ca " J ud p or tll e ™clves whether tbey and everbody else ^6" 0 b ' e ®" f 1 " 3 '' ? tu t >ld th " l »k such i" ^ T , tri T/ befor TLe ?" V se)s 18 f ^ e clgar sh a P ed > Havannah cigar, that is, or letter still, of the shape of two Manilla cigars vith the two broad ends stuck together and he small ends produced to paints. Her xtreme length is to be 256 feet—a good ength which it is worth the reader's while to ealize; her breadth at the widest part or where he cigars are stuck together only 1G feet; the ection showing a complete circle of sixteen eet diameter, about the size of an ordinaiy oom with a lofty ceiling. She is designed to arry no cargo. Outside she is polished, aud jer steel plates, of which she is built, are BO refully put together that the seams are not be felt by passing the finger over them, ence her friction is reduced to a minimum. ;ephenson suggested that a ship should be lectro-plated, but the present method, of reucing friction will almost be equal to bister engines are tobe 2500 horse power, which for $ ordinary vessel of her tonnage, 300 burden, tould be enormous. She is to be propelled by ascrew, which is 22 feet in diameter, that is, feet greater than the entire diameter of the iip. Let any one compare this with the ordi- Eiry screw, audits proportion to the size of die ship it propels, and remember that the fopn of the ship as well as her finish will offer tire least possible resistance to friction, and then bear in mind her enormous steam oower aad perhaps the idea of forty miles an hour nay not be chimerical, She is built in sixteen tight oompartments. A small deck is to e built on a platform apparently, fa pro- bability she will go through the waves rather , than over them. She is being built for an American, who proposes to use her as a pleasure yacht." From America we have no news of importance. Re-construction is going on as weU as could be expected. The southerners seem to be determined to make an effort to return their old secession leaders to Congress, but this success will only be the ghost of what it was before the war. Even Southern journals have given up slavery as altogether gone, and the grand result of the war remains, that four millions of human beiugs have been changed from chattels into men and women. Jefferson Davis still remains untried, the Americans being like the English, a law loving people, and wishing to convict him by the ordinary methods of law. It is thought by many that he will yet be tried on the secondary charge of wilful cruelty to the Union soldiers. Even the special correspondent of the ' Times,' who has been violently Southern during the whole war, has convinced himself " by careful in quiry" that the stories of the treatment of the Northern prisoners by the South were true. He has seen and conversed with victims of the South, and believes that in the Libby prison, | close to Mr Davis's house, the prisoners were l literally starved, that boxes of food | were sent by their friends, but the autho- | rities refused to distribute them, and " the prisoners died from hunger in the sight of plenty," At Andersonville, 15,000 Northern prisoners, says he, lie buried all dead of fever and hunger, having been kept " on a piece of land without even a tent to covcr them, with a tropical sun beating on their heads, and without food enough given them to keep a dog alive." It is for permitting this, which lie could have stopped by an order of two lines, that, says the writer, the North hungers for the execution of Mr Davis. Even the ' Times' has couie to reason at last, The truth about the war is being discovered everywhere now, and as it is regarded less and less with the spirit of partisanship, it will stand before the world, not only as a proof of the vitality of the English race, but as the most just and most righteous war waged in the w«rld since the time of CromwelL As for Jefferson Davis, he is hardly worth a thought. He urged the Confederacy to rebellion against the will of both Stephens, his Vice-President, and Lee, the commander-inchief. All he contributed to the cause of the South was, that tall talk, which though coming from the South, has unfortunately passed current for tbe brag of the nation. The men " who whipped all creation" were not the countrymen of Emerson, or Longfellow, or Holmes, or Abraham Lincoln. The two sections were well and fairly represented by their presidents, " Honest Abe" saying very little, but putting his foot down very decidedly when his judgment was once fortred, never making a boast throughout the war, quoting scripture in a way that to most Englishmen, perhaps, would he offensive, but evidently quoting it with a liigh purpose as on the one side; and on the other side, Jefferson Davis boasting only a year ago that he would take care that Sherman's march into ihc country should be the very last he should ever take, talking as he ''' ' ' ' ' " of did in Richmond, not a twelvemonth ago, c " WI,;,,,,;,^ - _ TLMSE Vankee Spaniels home a^ai -gain J and ' teaching " them who were their masters." Truly if big words could have done instead of men, the Confederacy might have succeeded. Our fleets have been to Cherbourg making holiday with the French, and celebrating the feast of the Emperor. The understanding with France is again complete. On the whole it is the best alliance which we could have in Europe, and until that great alliance of the future shall come of which Englishmen are beginning to dream, we may well be content with it. England allied with America and the Acadia to be erected in British North America, with Australia as a young nation, would be the alliance which most thoughtful men would prefer. Such an alliance could already hold its own against all the world. France as. her Emperor dreads such a consume mation, and one of the avowed objects of his Mexico expedition, which I hope will soon come to grief, is to oppose to Anglo-Saxon influence, a Latin race. He can hardly expect that Englishmen should be particularly anxious to check the progress of their race. They are beginning to remember that they were almost inveigheed into the Mexico scheme, and that during the American war Napoleon made o ^ ,„,CU1J a distinct proposal to England to rccomiise'the South, Gniif), a . recognition which i • , would ... have led . to war. That proposal for a while would have stopped Anglo-Saxon progress. He has repeatedly told the French that Mexico is the greatest of his Napoleonic " ideas." Probably new Caledonia, within a very few days' sail of Australia, is part of the same idea. For if it is not intended to limit the spread of Anglo-Saxon domination, or rather to act as a menace on Australia, what is it intended for ? Meanwhile all we have to do is to keep on good terms with our friends the French, and take care that they do not serve us a la Crimea, giving us most of the work and taking themselves all of the prestige. Her Majesty is in Germany. During the month we have been visited by Abdel Kadir and by Emma queen of the Sandwich Islands . The latter is the guest of the vetierlic Ladv Franklin, and the formed ^left thfeoun^y dissatisfied it is said with the want of attention which has been shown to him. Cholera is said to be rapidly approaching. Beef is one shilling per lb, and mutton chops are eighteen pence. The Rinderpest or Russian cattle plague has come upon us in a terrific fashion. £30,000 worth of cows died in one week in London alone a fortnight ago. I know one firm which had lost 130 cows in the last month. The effect on price has been to send all provisions up. It has been raining heavily for a month and the corn throughout the country is not only light, but what there is of it has been a good deal damaged by wet. Altogether the prospect of winter is not cheering. Now is the time when emigration will receive an impetus. It has already begun to increase, and I am glad to see that Tasmania is at length, to judge from the 'Advertiser/beginning to see that what she wants more than gold is population,—that population is wenlth Napoleon said he wanted "ships, colonies, and commercu" to make France great, Sam Slick says he was a fool, he only wanted colonies : for, having them, the others would come as a consequence- In the aam& way the culoaial j ciy of capital, energy, and population mav h» cut. down to- population. The exampk of Queensland must he nf m-., or Queensland must be of weight. With a t • cal climate she is leaving the other coloT behind apparently. Hundreds of firat T ! emigrants are going every month. The instZ I finish this I am going on board the '<Oul„ of the South" which leaves London this even wg for Brisbane. She carries nearly five hun dred emigrants. A friend who is eoine h» her confirms the opinion I have formed of tbe passengers who are going. Many I am 8nr. are taking money with them, and the nuioritv are likely to be small freeholders I should imagine in a very few months. The secret of Queensland's success is that she gives L30 land orders to all who will emigrate. The United States have even more success, because under their "Homestead Actf' they give lfift acres to each new settler. Tasmania^ know their own business best, but obviously ahe cannot expect to attract emigrants without some such inducement as this. Putting the land at one pound per acre, is a man's exnen diture for life, added to the wealth hewiilproduce to the colony, worth L30 t Looking at it here as a mere question of political economy I should answer yes. If the district to the South and West of Hobart Town were covered with small farmers, such aa undoubtedly tropical Queensland is attracting, Hobart Town would benefit very much more than by the cash value of the land were it to remain idle. The practice of having small holdings as adopted in France and Belgium is growing more and more in public favour in this country, and is taught in the old English universities as good political economy. It is a question or perhaps it is not a question, whether Tas'. mania, for its size, does not contain a larger amount of land suitable for small farms and especially in the South, than any other of the Australian Colonies ? Anyhow, she has the advantage of climate, to which English people give .a good deal of attention. If a really liberal laud system were adopted, Tasmania might really discover a workable gold-field. Meantime Queensland and Victoria are in every one's mouth, and Tasmania is never heard of. Since Gladstone's remission of the paper duty, newspapers find their way into the most remote neighbourhoods, and the education of the national schools has taught the lowest class to be able to read them. Letters are often published in them from fellowtownsmen and villagers, who have gone " abroad." Thousands have been dreaming of emigration for the last ten years, and the coming distress of next winter will just furnish the last spur to drive hundreds of them out of the country. 