RHYNIE. [Correspondent.] Wednesday, August 30. According to advertisement a public meeting was held at the Springs Hotel on Monday evening, the 21st inst., to consider correspondence received from the Board of Education in the matter of the school at Bhynie. Mr. Bobert Wiltshire, in the absence of Mr. E. M. Cole, J.P., being roted to the chair, opened the business by referring to the object of the meeting and reading the communication received from the Board of Education. The Bey. J. B. Titherington thought from what be could gather at the last meeting that there was a balance in favor of Mr. Hopkins having another trial, and hoped that now a fresh start was made things would work welL Mr. I/. Edwards had no fault to find with Mr. Hopkins as a teacher, more than that he had, in his opinion, been irregular in attending to proper school hoars. Mr. E. Bentley was of the came opinion. Mr. Hopkins (bought perhaps some persons took objection to his medical practice, but he alway? made it a point not to allow anything to interfere with his school; but he believed that when he first came to Bhynie one of the conditions was that he was to be allowed to attend to any patient who may require his services. A little dicnssion here took place about the privilege given to Mr. Hopkins to practice when hie services were required. The Eev. 3. B. Titherington remarked that the Committee had no authority nor power whatever to grant anything of the kind, it being contrary to the Board's regulations. The Chairman remarked that Mr. Hopkins would be open to censure by the Board, and liable to lose his licence if he did anything that would interfere with his five hours' teaching. Mr. L. Edwards had known the children to be in the streets instead of school at 10 and 11 o'clock —that was what he complained of. Mr. Hopkins—l deny that in toto. Mr. Bentley -was willing to support Mr. Hopkins if he would promise to attend better in future. Mr. Hopkins aaid he had always thrown his best energies and interest in the school, and would continue to do so. The following motions were then put and carried:—" That Mr. Hopkins be requested to continue hie services as a teacher at Bhynie." "That Ike memorialists wiah to express to the Board of Edncation their wish (hat a licence should be reissued to Mr. Hopkins." The Chairman to communicate with the Board. Mr. I Hopkins referred to part of the Board's letter, which stated that Mr. Hopkins had not been a licenced teacher since December 1864, and produced hie license to prove that it extended to June 1865. The Chair man remarked that whenever a teacher's school was considered as closed his licence ceased. Mr. Hopkins *aid no. There being no more business on this sub ject, the Chairman vacated bis seat, and the meeting resolved itself to consider the necessity of building a District Schoolhouse at Bhynie; the Bey. 3. B- Titherington in the chair. It was resolved, " That a subscription list be at once opened, and that another meeting be called that day fortnight to further dis cuss the matter, and to elect trustees. The usual respect being paid to the chair, the meeting termi nated. I may just say that £44105. was promised in the meeting, and I believe several pounds more have since been added to it. Thursday, August 3L Services in connection with the foundation-stone of the new Wesleyan Chapel here were celebrated on Sunday and Monday last. The rain poured down till about noon on Sunday, when the Hey. J. S. Greer left Eapunda, arriving here about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when he preached to a very large audience (considering the inclement Btate of tiie weather). On Monday the weather moderated a little. The marquee, which, had been erected was fresh braced-up, and made as comfortable as the weather would permit. At half-past 3 o'clock, the?ev \V. M. Bennett gave out a hymn, after which the Eev. J. S. Greer engaged in prayer. The company then proceeded to the site of the Chapel, the foundations of which are already in. After a few remarks from the ministers, Mr. Elliot Achison (in the absence of Mr. W. Kelly, of Gould's Creek), took the trowel in his hand, spread the mortar, and lowered the stone, and, after giving it a few gentle tap?, declared the stone to be truly laid, in the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. TUU ceremony being over, the company partook of a most excellent tea, which had been provided by a few ladie*, after which the usual public meeting followed, over which Mr. Win. Kelly presided. The meeting was addressed by the Beys. W. M. Bennett, James de Q. Robin, J. S. Greer, and Messrs. Glanville. Simons, Howards, Swarm, Jones, and Wiltshire. During the evening Mr. Bennett announced the proceeds of the last moeting, £103 10s. 7d., towards the building fund. An appeal to, the audience was mo?t cheerfully responded to. At: the close of the meeting the proceeds were found to be, by cash and promised subscriptions, £61 Is. Also several gentleman promised cartage; and Mr. Kelly, wKo is the donor of the land, in addition to bis sub scription of 15 guineas, has promised to provide lime for the building; the trustees to provides man to burn it and cart from the kiln. The usual votes of thanks to the Chairman, ladies, and visiting friends, closed the proceedings of a pleasant meeting. 