EDINBURGH. (FROM A SUMMER IX SENT. BY ALEX. SMITH.) | to Every true Scotsman believes Edinburgh to be the most picturesque city in the world and truly, standing on the Calton hill at early morning, when the smoke of fires newly kindled hangs in azure swathes and veils about the Old Town- which from that point resembles a huge lizard, the Castle its head, church spires spikes upon its scaly back, creeping up from its lair beneath the crags to look out on the morning world-one is quite inclined to pardon the enthusiasm of the North Briton. The finest view from the interior is obtained from the corner of St. Andrew street, looking west. Straight before you the Mound crosses the valley, bearing the white Academy buildings ; beyond the Castle lifts, from grassy slopes and billows of summer foliage, its weather- stained towers and fortifications, the Half-moon battery giving the folds of its standard to the wind. Living in Edinburgh there abides, above all things, a sense of its beauty. Hill, crag, castle, rock, blue stretch of sea, the picturesque ridge of the Old Town, the squares and terraces of the New-these things seen once are not to be forgotten. The quick life of to-day sounding around the relics of antiquity, and overshadowed by the august traditions of a kingdom, makes residence in Edinburgh more impressive than residence in any other British city. I have just come in-surely it never looked so fair before ? What a poem is that Princes-street. The puppets of the busy, many-colored hour move about on its pavement, while across the ravine Time has piled up the Old Town, ridge on ridge, grey as a rocky coast washed and worn by the foam of centuries ; peaked and jagged by gable and roof ; windowed from base- ment to cope ; the whole surmounted by St. Giles's airy crown. The new is there looking at the old. Two times are brought face to face, and are yet separated by a thousand years. Wonderful on winter nights, when the gully is filled with darkness, and out of it rises, against the sombre blue and the frosty stars, that mass and bulwark of gloom, pierced and quivering with innumerable lights. There is nothing in Europe to match that, I think. Could you but roll a river down the valley it would be sublime. Finer still, to place one's self near the Burns Monument and looks towards the Castle. It is more astonishing than an Eastern dream. A city rises up before you painted by fire on night. High in air a bridge of lights heaps the chasm ; a few emerald lamps like glow-worms, are moving silently about in the railway station below ; a solitary crimson one is at rest. That ridged and chimneys bulk of blackness, with splendour bursting out at every pore, is the wonderful old town, where Scottish history mainly transacted itself; while, opposite, the modern Princes-street is blazing throughout its length. During the day the Castle looks down upon the city as if out of another world ; stern with all its peaceful ness, its garniture of trees, its slopes of grass. The rock is dingy enough in color, but after a shower its lichens laugh out greenly in the returning sun, while the rainbow is brightening on the lowering sky beyond. How deep the shadow which the Castle throws at noon over the gardens at its feet, where the children play ! How grand when giant bulk and flowery crown blacken against sunset ! Fair, too, the New Town sloping to the sea. From George-street, which crowns the ridge, the eye is led down sweeping streets of stately architecture to the villas and words that fill the lower ground, and fringe the shore to the bright azure belt of the Forth, with its smoking steamer or its creeping sail ; beyond, to the shores of Fife, soft blue, and flecked with fleeting shadows in the keen clear light of spring, dark purple in the summer heat, tarnished gold in the autumn haze and further away still just distinguishable on the paler sky, the crest of some distant peak, carrying the imagination into the illimitable world. Residence in Edinburgh is an education in itself. Its beauty refines one like being in love. It is perennial, like a play of Shakspere's. Nothing can state its infinite variety. From a historical and picturesque point of view, the Old Town is the most interesting part of Edinburgh and the great street running from Holyrood to the Castle-in various portions of its length called the Lawnmarlcet, the High-street, and the Canongate is the most interesting part of the Old Town. In that street the houses preserve their ancient appearance ; they climb up heavenward, story upon story, with outside stairs and wooden palings, all strangely peaked and gabled. With the exception of the inhabitants,, who exist amidst squalor, and filth, and evil smells undeniably modern, everything in this long street breathes of the antique world. If you penetrate the narrow winds that run at right angles from it. you see traces of ancient gardens. Occasionally the original names are retained, and they touch the visitor pathetically, like the scent of long-withered flowers. Old armorial bearings may yet be traced above the doorways. Two centuries ago fair eyes looked down from yonder window, now in possession of a drunken Irishwoman. If we but knew it, every crazy tenement has its tragic story ; every crumbling wall could its tale unfold. The Canongate is Scottish history fossilized. What ghosts of kings and queens walk there ! What strikes of steel-clad nobles! What wretches borne along in the sight of peopled windows, to the grim embrace of the " maiden !" What hurrying of burgesses to man the city walls at the approach of the Southern ! What lamentations over disastrous battle days ! James rode up this street on his way to Flodden. Montrose was dragged up hither on a hardie, and smote, with disdainful glance, his foes gathered together on the balcony. Jenny Geddes flung her stool at the priest in the church yonder. John Knox came up here to his house after his interview with Mary at Holyrood grim and stern, and unmelted by the tears of a queen. In later days the Pretender rode down the Canongate, his eyes dazzled by the glitter of his father's crown, while bagpipes skirted around, and Jacobite ladies, with Avliite knots in their bosoms, looked down from lofty windows, admiring the beauty of the " Young Ascanius," and his long yellow hair. Down here of an evening rode Dr. Johnson and Boswell, and turned into the White Horse. David Hume had his dwelling in this street, and trod its pavements, much meditating the wars of the Roses and the Parliament, and the fates of English sovereigns. One day a burly ploughman from Ayrshire, with swarthy features and wonderful black eyes, came down here and turned into yonder churchyard to stand, with cloudy lids and forehead reverently bared, beside the grave of poor Ferguson. Down the street, too, often limped a little boy, Walter Scott by name, destined in after years to write its " Chronicles." The Canongate once seen is never to be forgotten The visitor starts a ghost at every step. Nobles, "grave senators, jovial lawyers, had once their abodes here. In the old, low-roofed rooms, half-way to the stars, philosophers talked, wits confiscated, and gallant young fellows, sowing wild oats in the middle of last century, were rapiers and lace ruffles, and drank claret jovially out of silver stoops. In every room a minuet has been walked, while chairmen and linkmen clustered on the pavement beneath. But the Canon gate has fallen from its high estate. Quite another race of people are its present inhabitants. The vices to be seen are not genteel. Whisky has supplanted claret. Nobility has fled, and squalor taken possession. Wild, half-naked children swarm around every door-step. Ruffians lounge about the mouths of the winds. Female faces ye worthy of the " Inferno" look down from broken windows. Riots are frequent and drunken mothers reel past scolding white stories of children that nestle waiting in their bosoms little wretches to whom Death were the greatest benefactor. The Canongate is avoided j by respectable people, and yet it has many visitors. The tourist is anxious to make acquaintance with it. Gentlemen of obtuse olfactory nerves, and * of an antiquarian turn of mind, go down its closes I and climb its spiral stairs. Deep down these words the artist pitches his stool, and spends the day sketching some picturesque gable or doorway. The fever-van comes frequently here to convey some poor 1 sufferer to the hospital. Father comes the detective in plain clothes on the scent of a burglar. And when evening falls, and the lamps are lit, there is a sudden hubbub and crowd of people, and presently from its midst emerge a couple of policemen and a barrow with a poor, half-clad, tipsy woman from the sister island crouching upon it, her hair hanging loose about her face, her hands quivering with impotent rage, and her tongue wild with curses. Attended by small boys, who best her with taunts and nicknames, and who appreciate the comic element which so strangely underlies the horrible sight, she is conveyed to the police cell, and will be brought before the magistrate to morrow for the twentieth time perhaps, as a drunk and disorderly, and dealt with accordingly. This is the kind of life the Canongate presents to-day in contrast with the time when the tall buildings enclosed the high birth and beauty of a kingdom, and when the street beneath rang to the horse hoofs of a king. - 