A DREADFUL NIGHT. If any man enjoys a holiday, it is a clerk in a public ofiicc; aud in 18i—, no one started for his winter trip with more pleasant anticipations than those with which I locked my desk in the Titie-Deeds Office, and started for North Lincolnshire. I have never been there since that time ; indeed if I ever have a nightmare, I wake from an awful dream of having been smothered under the wolds of that country, as the giants of old were whelmed under iEtna. But to my tale. Does the reader know Great Grimsby ? Why it should be called Great Grimsby, I cannot tell, as no one was ever known to have found his way to Little Grimsby. But let that pass. A popular novelist of the present day, when he wished to send the villain of his story to a place where he might reasonably be supposed able to escape observation, relegated him by Grimsby. His selection was most judicious. Does any one even know of a friend who has ever been at Great Grimsby ? Dull and dreary is it, twining its slow length along one long street leading to the sea, like some wounded serpent dragging itself to the water, doubled up hero and there into a convulsive row of houses, writhing at another part into a knot of two or three dingy cottages. North and south of it are spread out extensive tracts of mud aud waste land, called " fyt.ties," always dismal in the midst of summer, and tenfold more lonely aud dismal when the tide of the Humber runs down, and invites numerous flocks of water-birds to their favourite haunts. In company with the cousin at whose home I was staying, I used frequently during that winter to resort to these mudflats after nightfall, and we seldom failed to obtain a shot or two at wild-fowl. The modus operandi of the gunners of these shores is very simple. They dig a hole during the day in a mud-bank some way above low water mark. Towards nightfall they deposit a bundle of straw in it, on which they stand. They may wait in the cold for hours without seeing a feather, but generally patience is rewarded by getting a flying shot at a party of ducks or curlew coming to feed. One night (shall I ever forget it r) my cousin had to spend at Lincoln on the Grand Jury. After dinner an immoderate desire took possession of me, to ramble towards the Humber with my gun. It was a bright frosty night, and all the time my hostess was singing to amuse me, I sat on thorns longing to start for the shore. At length she wished me " good night," when I informed her an uncontrollable liking hud come over me to look up the ducks. Would she trust me with her key, aud I could let myself in after an hour or two without disturbing any one? She tried to dissuade me, urging the charms of the chimney corner and a cigar to no purpose. Then she reminded me I might easily lose myself, but I assured her it was bright moon-light. Finally, she gave me the kev, and. saw me off literally on a wild-goose chase. I took my double-barrel, and made direct for the " fytties." A walk of half an hour brought me to the bank, kept up at great expense by the proprietors of the land to prevent the waters overflowing the rescued meadows, at the back of which lie the remnants of an old dyke, that may have been constructed for the same purpose by the Bomans. Beyond the low wailing of the green plovers overhead, I heard nothing during ray walk. Now, as I cautiously wormed myself up the baSlp, and raised my head, an animated scene presented itself. Some 800 yards off, at the edge of the Humber, where the tiny wavelets glittered in the moon- light, was a fluttering of innumerable wings, a screaming, calling, and clanging so.und of many flocks of wildfowl. I thought of Homer's account of Cayster.'s banks, and longed to be nearer the water's edge, as little companies of eighteen or twenty ducks jand curlew flew along every now- and then parallel to it. A little way to my right a range of stakes and' largei boulders ran towards the sea. > Trusting to them for conipealmoiit, 1" ctept noiselessly along, keeping well in the shade, and'witji great trouble getting a hundred yajniti nearer the wildfowl, without as yet routing their suspicions. All at once I heard a loud rustle behind inc. A flock of teal came overhead, flying towards the sea ffoip ;$otne inland pond, ana without a moment's hesitation, I fired both barrels into their centre. Much to my delight one bird fluttered to the ground sixty yards in front of me, evidently winged, but still, from the speed with which it made for the water, likely yet to escape me, as I had no retriever. With a noise like distant thuuder, and a loud screaming and whistling, all the fowl, for a mile or more either way, rose up into the air and made off. Over shingle aud over banks of black mud, I ran towards my prize, now sticking in the tenacious mire, at other times plunging deep into a pool that tried my Cording's waterproofing capabilities to the full. The moon was just passing behind a bank of clouds as I made my way to the reef of mud on which the teal lay seemingly dying. It had fluttered on some way, and drawn me four or five hundred yards from the embankment. The mud was particularly yielding here, but I pushed on to the edge of a little dip, six yards down which lay the bird, dead, as I now saw. The descent was not inviting, but I went on bravely over the ancles in the hateful black slime. As I seized my bird, being rather out of breath, I slipped, and fell on hands and knees, luckily saving my gun from getting damp. With a little difficulty I recovered my feet, turned, and commenced ascending the mud-bank. To my horror I slipped back at every step. My previous foot-tracks were little pools. The treacherous water filled them in immediately. With perspiration breaking out coldly over me, I once more madly essayed the ascent. It was only three yards in height, but that hid the country aud even the moon from me. It was preposterous to be foiled at such a trifle. For a full five minutes I tried my best to mount the incline; but only made about a yard of it, the mud higher up the slope being less tenacious than where with some difficulty I maintained my stand. Now I began to wish I had listened to reason, and remained at home. However, there was nothing for it but, weak as I felt myself becoming, to drain my flask (which luckily retained a few mouthfuls from our last expedition), and once more essay to return. After long struggling, and expending all my little remaining strength in vain, I became seriously alarmed, and fired several times by way of bringing help. Alas! the nearest house was two miles away. It was half-past eleven on a bitter March night, and even professional gunners, I felt, would hardly come from Grimsby, so far down the river, except by chance. Then I shouted myself hoarse, and once more wasted my little remaining strength in trying to get out of the muddy prison in which I found myself. One side was just as bad as the other. I heard the far-off lapping of the sea in the deathlike silence of that intensely bitter night; behind me, on the opposite side, the call of a duck or the scream of a curlew occasionally rendered the stillness more intolerable. I am not one given to despair, so I made up my mind to wait till morning, and trust either to my absence from tho house creating a hue and cry, or else ..I knew the coastguard boat passed down at dawn, and 1 could hail them as they rowed by. 1 had wasted all my powder and shot already. Wrapping my" plaid still tighter round my breast, cold and wet as I was, I lighted my pipe and rested, leaning on my gun. Soon I began to perceive myself sinking into the mud. I extricated myself, only to sink deeper. Thoroughly alarmed, I put away my pipe, and paced to the other end of my prison, about ten yards off. Once more I madly essayed to scale the bank. Down on my knees I crawled, and driving the gun into the yielding mud strove to use it as a lover, vain thought! I slipped down again up to the knees in water and mud. Then the full horror of my position dawned upon me. I had heard there were dangerous quicksands on this coaBt. The water was up to my thighs now. No plunging was of any avail; it seemed to do harm. I had dropped my gun; reason almost left me; in unutterable despair I looked to the skies. Tho stars twinkled brightly, aud here and there a fleecy cloud passed majestically along. There was no sympathy with them. Far over a purple waste pf sea, I saw the Spuru light at the extremity of tho Yorkshire coast. It was just seven miles off, but I screamed and shouted to it for help. Now I had settled down to my waist. A burst of tears came to my relief. To die, when so fujl of life, and strength, and hopes! Oh, horrible; Another plunge; I settled down deeper still, and bade farewell then to the world. Like some cold and slimy serpent, the pit slowly drew mo downwards; button after button of my waistcoat disappeared. I spread out my hands and gasped in utter despair. What touched one foot ? I kicked aiid felt something hard. The other reached firm ground too. Oh, joy! I was on the gravel subsoil, and though I could not stir, I could not sink deeper ! The revulsion of feeling was as dreadful as had been my previous despair. 1 shouted wildly for delight. It was like being once more restored to life. Soon my raptures abated. I was up to the arms in deadly cold water; tho reef I stood on fell away, I found by experiment, on all sides. My pipe was hopelessly wet. No one could see my head and shoulders from the land. The ordinary path was two or three hundred yards behind me. The wind was rising and blowing seawards. All possibility now, even if I'survived the cold, of being heard by a chance passer-by was utterly hopeless. Hour after hour of that pitiless night passed on. Only my head and shoulders seemed alive, so intense was the chill that had seized my body. Would it ever end? The wild- fowl passed gleefully over head. The stars grew dim, the Spurn light that had glared all night so .fixedly on my misery, that I had been tempted to curse it, paled ; faint white streaks broke through the deep dark blup behind it. At last day was coming ; but my senses were so deranged, I hardly knew; whpther it was not all a hideous dream. ~Wm I alive, or a disembodied ghost ? No form of punishment that even Dante's prolific imagination shadowed out can equal the sufferings of that night. Youth is full of hope, or 1 had flung myself forward many tinier, and perished in tho hateful ooze. With grey dawn the thin mists that floated over the river disappeared, and from one end of my prison I saw two outwardbound steamers majestically passing along. Then I turned instinctively to the other, the inland narrow view between the two banks. In tho far distance, joy of joys! a man approached! Long before he could possibly have heard me, I shouted wildly. It was my cousin's groom, evidently looking for me. Ho turned away; and my heart sank within me; no, lie is turning again, and scanning tho mud fiats. I shouted and screamed in a vain attempt to make myself heard over the raging wind that so often sweeps over the " fytties." I raised my hands and plunged in the mud once more, but to no purpose. He seemed again .to be drawing towards me. Had he seen me? I redoubled my shrieks. Alas! he turned his back, and soon passed beyon-l the limits of my view. Then I gave in. It was useless to strug gle any more. I must have 6wooneH When I revived, horror of horrors! the tic 1 was coming in!—cheerily rippling u against the breeze, and circling roun some large boulder or stake, and then swa lowing it up. It was but a hundred yard from me now, and the distance momentarily lessened. Anything is better than to b.' sl*wly drowned, I thought. Oh, for a dry death! One more plunge, all was softenin ; round me. The first ripple came into my prison. Perhaps (as I could swim- I might manage, after all, to wrigg] > out! Hope revived; the first wave washed over my mouth and nose ; as I opened my eyes, a boat passed along not thirty yards from me. How I shouted! One long wail cut abruptly short by a wave ! They had heard me, aud turned her head near me. I could just raise my hands and arms. More amazed than words could tell, a hardy coastguardsman leapt into the ooze, holding on. } the boat with one hand, and grasping irh with the other. The nest wave dashed thi boat on to me, aud I faulted. A rope wa flung round my body, I hoard afterwardf and two or three of the men' pulled mo i \ mimu shoes and stockings, aud nearly dea 1 with exhaustion and terror. After a lor; attack of brainfever, I slowly came rounc : and now you will not be surprised to hef. me say, how sincerely I detest Lincolnshir. —Once-a. Week. 