BLOTTED OUT. [from all the year round.! (Concluded.) At about midnight the storm burst forth. It had been brooding all the day, and when it came it came with terrifio vijlence ; but, strangely enough, it did not rouse the household — not even Hester at. the first, constitutionally sus ceptible to all the influences of electricity as she was. At last one tremendous flash, . followed by a deafening roar, woke her up ; and just in her . night-dress as she was — without slippers or wrapper— she softly opened her bedroom aoor, ana ., » crept across the passage to take refuge with her sister ; .wondering, indeed, why she had not come to her, as she generally did when there was a thunder storm, knowing her nervousness. -. She found the door, turned the handle, and went in; but as she entered her foot slipped in some thing strange, something thick and wet and warm. ' She shuddered and called, ' Martha,' but no one answered; again she . cried ; and then a flash, flaming through the air, showed her the body of her sister, with her face downward to the carpet, lying in a shining pool of crimson on the floor. But it did not show her that other thing crouched in the dark corner beyond. ? ? ? . ' Martha ! Martha !' Hester whispered, and touched her, kneeling by her; and kneeling in the warm, wet, crimson pool. Again the lightning flashed, showing now the white night-dress, her hands, and the dropping lengths of her golden hair, all dyed crimson — all wet and soaked in blood. ' Martha ! Martha ! Wake ! Speak to me !' cried Hester, turning the dead face towards her ; but the head fell heavily baok in her arms, and there was no kind voice to answer her. Then the truth came upon tho girl, and saying, ' Take me with you,' she flung her arms over the dead body, and sank senseless — her pale head rest ing on her sister's neok, and from heiid to foot crimsoned with her blood. The man crouching in the corner came and looked at them both; turning the dark lantern in his hand full upon them while he stood and studied them; and once carefully putting back the blood-stained hair from Hester's face, he stooped down and kissed her lips, and kissed them again, with a strange pleasure. Then he cut a long lock from her head, and turning away, continued his search for what he wanted : all the while as quiet and unmoved and resolute as if murder was aa e very-day occurrence, and need stir no man's nerves. Ween he had found what ho wanted, he looked again at the two lying on the floor, and taking up Martha's hand, drew the ruby ring from her finger ; and guided now by the flashes of the fiorce tem pest, he went softly out by the way by whioh he had entered, letting himself ^down from the window noiselessly. ' - As the morning broke the storm passed, and when the servants came to call their mistress it was. a glad fresh summer day ; the woods were alive with the songs of birds and the hum' of bees ; the trees and flowers were radiant with freshened bloom, and rich in scents ; the blue sky had not a cloud, and the green earth did not seem' to have a care — but within that quiet room lay one sister stabbed to the heart, and the other paralysed and imbecile. ? . - It had been done for plunder, every one said : Martha's costly ruby ring was gone ; and the daven port, in which she kept her. money and valuables, was rifled ; and though some things which, it might-^ have been thought, would have tempted & thief, were left, others were taken, and all was in confusion. No one knew, ? 'indeed, though, what had been taken ; for Martha Todyeare was not a communicative woman, and even Hester was never told of any business matter; so that it was only conjecture at tho best. One thing, however, was sure— the ring — and, presumably, money, from tho rifled state of the davenport. This was all that was ever known ; and who had done the deed no one could imagine, or why, unlesB for plunder; and yet, if for plunder, why had not cer tain valuables been taken, lying handy as they did ? It was conjectured that the assassin had got in by the open window, climbing up by the ivy which grew thick over the house, ana lavorea by tne storm, which drowned any noise he might have made. Martha had been struck down, perhaps, while cross ing the room, probably to go to her sister. There was no sign of any struggle, and she lay in the po sition in which a person would have fallen if struck from behind. There was no .expression of terror on her face, as would have been had she seen her assailant ; bat she was still and calm as usual, show ing that at least she had been spared the anguish of knowledge, which was something. , Faber was juat leaving the inn, where he had put up for the night (having lost his way between Fell foot and the railway inn, where he was rightly bound, so taking refuge there, at midnight or after, drenohed to. the skin with the terrible storm), when the fearful news of the murder came in. ? The Fell foot gardener, half scared himself, had ridden over to the village for legal assistance, for the two ladies were so lonely there was no one one to turn to as of course, and the law muat do its business without thB inter vention of any friend. When it was found that Faber was still within distance, to him was at once given the superintendence of mattors and tho charge of Hester ; and all with whom he was brought in contaot expressed their satisfaction, with him, so kindly, so prompt, so considerate as ho was, and so anxious for the welfare of his poor young cousin. ? ?? The world was quite at rest on the subject of Hester Todyeare, when Faber's sistGi- Susan came down to Fellfoot, and at once Btepped into Martha's place of head and manager. Hester, indeed, was unfit to undertake any kind of responsibility. Still gentle, lovely, timid, she showed only one aotive feeling — and that was an intensity of hatred for '!Jfaber, and a childlike dread of Susan. Susan was not unlike what Martha might have been if harder, older, and' sterner; Martha, with all her womanly tenderness left out, and her strength roughened and sharpened to hardness and aggressiveness. They carried Hester, off to Groymoor for change of air. It was of no use her protesting or refusing: she was in their handB, and there was no one to help her out of them. ? So they took her to their own house, and people said they hoped the chango woald do her. good, poor girl ; but it was not a pleasant charge her cousins had taken on themselves, for who would like to have a dazed half-idiot always about them ? Indeed, from the first Susan seemed to have felt it as a painful duty that must bo accepted, doing her beet to perform her §aib && Well Q3 was in her nature to allow ; but she could never conquer the girl's, , visible terror of her, nor could Tuber overcome her ha'tfed, ? Ciird the more 'he tried with flatteries and caresses and tender little oares — cares so tender that one coald scarcely understand how they came from so strong and stern a person- — the more pronounced was her hatred, her horrorj and her fear. . Greymoor was, as he had said, the very antithesis of Fellfoot — a wild, lonely, desolate moor, without a tree or shrub anywhere; an illimitable horizon lost in the ' restless sea for half the distance refund, the other half leading down into a broad {'pen^cojlntfyi.^hb'wing villages and shady eopse andSj inecidb'ws fnllj of sheep' and cattle; and dhurdhes witik their name sh'apea spires' pointed over up to heaven, and all the sweet pastoral rich :'ness of English country life; but this not only in the distance— a peace and sweetness was ? belong ing to the dwellers in that desolate house on the moor ; like happiness seen in other lived, bat not coming near our own. But the change from the damp low-lying house at Fellfoot did Hester the physical good people had anticipated ; her cheek lost a little of its oream . . colored, corpse-like look, had got rosier in hue, and itiore1 transparent ,; her eyes were less fixed and inbre observant ; she' ate more its if she knew she l&ij; gating' i and riot only as if it Wjis a' rderely in stintlve act of obedience j she lifted her. feet from the ground when she walked, and did not drag them, as !^she had done ; sometimes the tears came into her eyes as if she was thinking, and some times her color changed ; she would answer now when spoken to, instead of, as hitherto, sitting dumb and motionless until Faber came near her, when she would flame up into a passion of wrath more terrible because more mad than even her stupor liad been ; or when Susan touched her, and then Silo, woula,titter a little oxy. as if she had been hurt, dine! shrink away ?froin Kef aS a' half-tamed animal might have done. Now, however,' all this Md be1 cjome modified, some of her symptoms had wholly disappeared ; . and by the time she had been nearly a year at Greymoor she was the same as other tl* ' 't/i1'' 'I*'* :.. -T ? 1 ? i »? ? T »1 T II people, .saying always ner incense umioisy, ana me wdndormliy, tou'emrig. sweetness of her beauty. Lovely as she had always frceh'/ she w^ now almost unearthly ; and looked, as . an old woman said, of her, 'as if she had been in heaven for a time.' ' , The year was round again, and it was a warm calm summer's evening, with the wind blowing aolftly from the south, like the days of rest which Sometimes come before a death. Hester was in fcfia $art1e'tij sitting where she could see the sea— her favorite place ;' arfS StSssn,. «nd Faber wore standing : by the window in the dinin'g-'f ootc talking low together. , ' I do not like it, Faber,' said Susan ; ' if it is ogainat her oenserit, it will be a crime.' .'Crime or no, it must be,' said Faber, in a stem voice ; 'if I do not marry her we are' ruined.' ? ' Yes, yes, I know all that ; you have told me #ft'6n\\.&ncragh; i I only say that I do not like thd poor thing to' bo iorced.) and she cer tainly does not seem inclined to msli6 £ billing bride.' . 'I have love enough for two, and will eno ugh as-well,' said Faber. ? His sister looked at him with genuine surprise. ' Do you mean that you love her ?' she asked, elowly. ??,--, 'As I never loved before, and could never love Miibl,'., he answerod. 'I have loved her from the fceEinriing, and even if s.lje wan not a necessity by circumstances, sne snouia db my vuiw oj my own free will and act of love.' ' You are mad,' said Susan, disdainfully ; 11 1 should as soon have thought of your loving a dou.' ;? ' I dare say you would,' he answered, with in difference ; ' but yon see you do not know much about love.' ''' Stjill, I shall not like her to be foroed,' said Susan, going back to to the point.' u She shall be my wife; forced or not,' repeated Faber ; and left the room. Wh^t he had said about their being ruined Was 6nly tdo tftie. ? More than a year ago this had come ttpbn them* not by their own fault so much as through the crafty advice of their lawyer; who had persuaded Faber to invest in certain mining specu lations in which he held a large stake, and at a time when he .knew the property was worth nothing. A Convenient way of shifting his own liabilities and gaying himself, not uncommon among friends. ?Which state of things made Hester in truth a necessity as he had said \ and willing or unwilling, she had to be wooed and worn, even if she was never won. And yet he resolved to win her. Ac man of strong passions and arbitrary will cannot easily aooept defeat ; and. whatever the secret charm to him which Susan could not discover, the . result was he loved her, and ho was determined Bhe should love him— after marriage if not . before. . ._ When he left his sister he went out to Hester sitting in the garden, watching the white ships sail ing—sailing who knew where ? watching them with that vaguo wislfulness one feels so often when look ing at the sea, that desire one scaroely knows for ?what, but for something removed from our present life. Fflber stood by her for some time, studying her face as Bhe looked and dreamed ; then ho said in a low, soft voice, softer and richer than usual, and it was always soft to her : ' Would you like to travel, Hester?' Her eyes filled with tears. She remembered who had asked her the same question just about a year ago, and how it had been answered. 'I should like to leave Greymoor,' she said. 11 You do not like it ?' ?'No; you know that I do not,' she answered quietly, and turned away. 41 You can go where you like, Hester,' Faber said. ?' Wo are your friends, not your jailers. Where would you like to go ?' ' Home,' said Hester, and looked into his face. . He blenohed a little ; but then ho took her hands and held them, though Bhe tried to roleaae them. ' You shall go to Fellfoot next week, or earlier— us Roon as vou will — on one condition,' he said, speaking slowly and deliberately, though still very softly, 'that you tuko .mo with you, as one having the right to be there — the right to be by your side.' ' What do you mean ?' she said, startled. 41 That you tako mo with you as your hus band !' She gave a cry and coyevecl her face, he having loosed her hands to put his arms round her waist. ?,'?'?? 'It must be, Hester,' he continued. 'I love yfiit'i a^d I have vowed to Hoaven to make you mine f' , 'To Heaven f' shd cried', lifting up her white face. ' What have jj&rf; to' &a; with Heaven, cousin Faber ?' . , , He shrank baokas if she had struck him, an'd: t&en;,- as if fearing she would escape him, he drew her to him again, and made her sit down on the seat by him. ' Hester,' he then said, speaking calmly as to voice and manner, though passiono too hot for words were raging in his heart, ' you believe that you are the owner, of Fellfoot, do you not ? Yes, I see that you dp. Listen to mo attentively^ . -. You are not the owri'erj i6 belongs to my sister Susan and myself, as the heifs*at:iaw of yotir father* You and your poor sister were not his* fcieiis, Hester-^you were il legitimate ; your mother was neve?1 mcrrled;' He paused, waiting for her to speak ; but she said no thing. ' At this moment,' he contiuned, ' you have absolutely nothing in the world but what you receive through me. I have not cared to bring this before you hitherto. I have waited until time had a little healed and restored you, before touching on matters that must bo so painful to you, my poor child! Alalo, I have waited until I spoke to you of my love, reserving this as an argument to detiide you. It must be, Hester ; your only safety lies by my side. You must marry mo that you may live.' , 'I will not!' cried Hester, tearing herself away from him. 'I will die first.' 'You will, you must, and you shall,' returned her cousin, in an inflexible, monotonous voice, 'If I carry you to the church in my arms like a child, you shall be my wife. I love you, and in your own interests I will make you love me!' ' Never J' she cried, flinging up his hand. '1 hate you! You are terrible and loathsome j to m'e-p^yott ats telling me lies — you are all over blond !» ' . And as sho'spoke the red sfmsi't poc-red over him, as if it did indeed shine through blood; They did not meet again that evening; fdr Hester rushed to her own room, the door of which she locked, and no threats or entreaties of either J&effi;'or d,r sister could induce her to open it again— soarcely io tffifrwei- when she was called and spoken to. Pale, restless, Beeking she knew noi; wlM,- bnt seeking Something, Hester wandered through the house that night like a ghost come up from the grave. Moving with her light, noiseless tread, and shading the candle with her hand, she went down Eftaiirs.; and into the library — her cousin Faber's own peotfliaV tfotaBj. ?? .&unted; she know not with what — lured, on saa Kn6w irot to what-^she oponed drawer^ and desks and1 tfnpb'o'arcfs,- searching', searching for something— that i'arffel&fs; Something ?whifijtf n.lwavs lmrl Tinan Tififnvn Vibv -niimt ntt fSnrrto day to be found. At last she tried a certain deslk i it was looked, but by some oversight the key had I e jn left in the lock, though Faber was in general both careful and exact. She opened it, and turned the contents— papers, trifles, letters — over and over ; but see foifric nothing to interest her. She opened little packets ana seffie sraall^bozas ; but the looks of hair and the rings and the lo'clfe'ts and little scraps of verses they contained were nothing to hett At last she fell upon a packet sealed and secured with more than ordinary care. She broke the seals, she out the string, and took from the cover a paper which she soon made out to be her mother's certi ficate of marriage, a long lock of golden hair, and the rtibf ring which had been stolen from her Bister the nign't sh'e tfas murdered. Now she undeis'too'd what had haunted her poor bewildered brain, and what had lured her on till she had found it; now she knew -tfHtih oho had dumbly divined ; and both the past and hetself were revealed to her. Quietly, with ashen cheeks and glazed eyes, she glided up-stairs again; the house yet in its first heavy sleep, and she walking so softly she would !not have reused oven one who watched. Still shading the candle with her hand she stopped at her j cousin's door; Bhe tried it.it was tinfaotenod ; and softly opening it she glided in, and went up to1 the bed where ho lay sleeping. For a moment she stood and watched him, as he tossed his dark kead restlessly on the pillow, muttering in his sleep. She then touched his hand, bending her face liear to his and calling him by his name. He storied up with a man's shout of defiance ; a shout tltat passed into a low moan of abject terror when he saw that ghastly face pressed so near to his, the gistening hair streaming round it and falling on to tie bed.clothes, and f;he slight figure, looking still slighter in its melancholy black, bending over him. In one hand she- held the paper, the ring, and the look of hair; in the other the candle ; and the light fell on the ruby and the gold in strnngo fantaatio brilliance. ; ' I told you that you were all over blood, Faber,' she said, in ..a. low penetrating voice ' Now I know it. Do not ask me to forgive you ; I do not forgive you.' In the morning a great cry went through the house. Still full dressed, and with all her hair combed straight on her shoulders like a parted veil of gold, Hester was found lying on her bed, stone dead and cold and stiff. No sign of struggle nor of any means of self destruction was about : no poison, no blood, no knife, no cord : a quiet pale waxen figure, lying as if asleep, and full of maidenly sweetness and beauty even in \ts death. The verdict was, ' Died by the visitation of God ;' the medical men said ' Syncope of the spine ;' ard no one was every heard to say it was an unrightious verdict, or that any other could have been returned. If there was one who knew more than the rest, ho passed through life unchallenged nnd unsuspected. The dead told no tales, and tho ruby ring whioh Faber Todyeare always wore now was like the dead, and betrayed nothing. But though Fellfoot and all the property belonging to tho two sisters came by right and law now to Faber and Susin, and though their ruined fortunes wero re paired jrithout the world ever knowing that they had been endangered, yet their prosperity brought no blefsincwith it. Susan died before that voar's fruits yere ripened in tho Fellfoot gardens ; and for all |ii3 lifo after Faber Todyearo was a haunted, hunteJ, brokon-down man, to bo mot wandering aboutthe earth, without rest or peace or love or home]; a miserable wrotoh whom some called mad, but ol whom iho priest who saw him die in a lonely village in Fmnce, said with a long-drawn breath, as he, closed mis eyes : ' That man was a mur doroj1.'. ' \ ?'? ?: ? - '?' ' 