GLEANINGS. Why was Hamlet so courageous in ^addressing his father's ghost ? Be cause he was not particular to a shade. « He mustbe a strong general who can storm and 'carry' a fortress. A modern French writer says, -C;A physician prescribing to a sick man always reminds me of a child snuffing a candle ; , it is ten to one but he snuffs, it out.' 'What is that dog barking at?' asked a fop, whose boots were more polished than his ideas. 'Why,' / . .said a bystander, 'he sees another puppy in your boots.' One person asked another if he believed in the appearance of spirits, ; the reply was ' No ! but I believe in their disappearance. I have missed a bottle of brandy since ? last night.' A married woman about to sign a legal deed was asked, as usual, : Whether her husband had compelled her to sign it ? ' He compel me ?' ! said the woman ; 4 no, nor twenty like him !' The learned Professor Porson had ' a great horror of the east wind ; and Tom Sheridan is said to have once kept him a prisoner in the house for a fortnight by fixingothe weathercock in that direction. \ n yj ' Papa,' said a Devonshire boy/ 'what is punctuation?' ' It is the art of putting stops, my child.' ' Then I wish you'd go down into the cellar and punctuate the cider , , . barrel, as the cider is running all over the floor.' ' Papa,' said a little boy to his father the other day, ' are not the sailors very small men?' 'No, my dear,' answered the father ; : ' what leads you to suppose that they are so small ?' ' Because,' replied the little fellow, 'I read ?'*' ? the other day of a sailor going to sleep in his watch.' The following is a pteral copy of a notice posted up in ^e grounds of a person residing with® a couple of miles of Batley : — 'Notice is hereby given that all persons found trespassing on this plantation will be prosecuted. Poultry will be shot. Poultry are therefore warned to keep away from too close proxi mity to this ground.' A Nice Distinction. — ' I sells peppermints on Sunday,' remarked a good old lady, who kept a candy shop, ' because they carries 'em to church and eats 'em, and keeps awake to hear the sermon ; but if you want comfits you must come week days. \ They're secular com modities.' 1 ¥ ' An Unsophisticated Rustic. — A country girl was told by her poetic cousin that she looked as fresh as a daisy kissed' with dew. ' Well,' said she, ' itj wasn't any chap by that name, but it was Steve Jones that kissed me. I told him that everyone in the village would find it out.' The Wonders of Grease. — ' Na ture, sir, Nature,' observed a first rate oriiamenter of the hair, while quietly rubbing his hands together, in order to dissolve a knob of bear's grease which he held between them, ' she defies the power of man to set her laws &side; ; and rest assured this grease, which has manured and then matured the hair on the bear's back, will perform the self- same office on your head.' ' He's right sir, he's quite right, I assure you,' said a wag standing by, 'for I know a friend of mine who was bald, and bought, by mistake, a pot of goose grease; this he applied, and in a little time his head was covered with feathers.' ' An Irish Jury. — O'Connell used to tell a story about his being en gaged in the defence of a man charged with murder. After a great deal of circumstantial evi dence in support of the indictment, O'Connell rose, and said his duty was a very simple one : — he should put the murdered man in the wit ness-box ; and he produced the man alleged to have been murdered. Nevertheless the jury insisted on retiring to consider their verdict, and after some lapse of time, to the amazement of the court, found a verdict of guilty. The judge asked the foreman how they could find so preposterous a verdict when they had seen the man alive with whose murder the prisoner was charged. 'Why, please your lordihip,' said the foreman, ' sure that big villain there stole my mare, and he de serves to be hung, and no mistake.' The late Rev. Rowland Hill un derstood human nature well. His chapel having been infested with pickpockets, he took occasion to remind the congregatioii that there was an all-seeing Providence, to whom all hearts are open, and from whom no secrets are hid; 'but lest,' he added, ' there may be any present who are insensible to such reflections, I beg leave to state, that there are also Bow-street officers on the look-out.' Yankee Bobadills sometimes get caught. At a New York hotel, lately, a captain in the ''Volunteer service was relating to an admiring auditory his vast achievements dur ing the war— how many rebels he had killed, &c.; An Illinois wag, who had seen some service, re marked that he had killed two that he knew of, and he ^id not know how many more. ' Hoto^ did you kill those two P' asked the captain. ' Why, you see,' said he, ' at one battle they took after me, on a hot day in July, and ran me five miles. I had half a mile the start, and nearly died. They didn't overtake me.' 