AQUATICS. Open Boats in Port Jackson. [From BeWt Life in Si/dncy.l In no part of Her Majesty's dominions are boats better handled than in 'Sydney Harbour, from the stately craft of the R.S.Y.S. to the tiny dingy manned by tho half-naked mudlark of Cockle Bay. They traverse Port Jackson in fair weather and foul with an im munity from danger that is really wonderful. Affrnr flirt flnnf nf ihn T? Q 'V Q ,,.l,n4 _..„ termed second-class yachts claim my notice. They comprise deep-keeled boats from 3 to 5 tons, half decked. As a rule, they are fast little vessels, and spread a large area of can vas on very light spars, without much top hamper. They [are exceedingly well sailed, and always go ' the course, whatever the weather may be. The most successful of this class aro the Emma and the Zephyr, both built by Gardiner. Their -victories and con tests have been innumerable. The Emma is the fastest boat in all weathers, and has won tho largest number of prizes ; but in heavy weather the Zephyr generally overpowers her. They are botli small handy boats, suit able for harbour work, and we should like to sec more of them. The most favourite boats, and of which' there is a very large fleet, are the open sail ing boats, 22 ft over all, to which they are limited by the regatta regulations. They are deep roomy boats, with fine entrance and great beam, and carry from one to two touB of ballast stowed underneath a platform, forming a sort of deck below the thwarts. Longford has hitherto been one of tho most successful builders of this class ; and perhaps a third of tho fleet has come from his hands, one well-known gentleman having had a new boat from him every year for a long period, but who this season has transferred his order to Reynolds, who, we believe, will turn out something very fast and handsome. Sheehy, of Woolloomooloo Bay, has also been a successful builder. In addition to his former efforts, there came from hia hands last year the Sybil and tho Thought, both built on tho Banio principle as the Xarlfa and the Australia. They are fine roomy boats, and will carry their canvas in any weather ; but have not beep so successful as their builder expected, having to succumb on different oc casions to tho Laura, the Royal Oak, and tho Leisure Hour. I fancy that Sheehy's new ideas aro not altogether suited for boats of this class, his fine lines being brought to an abrupt termination in order to bring thorn within tho stipulated over-all length. In proof of which, I notice that tho Thought is being lengthened, which will carry her into the same class as tbe Emma and the Zephyr, to whom, I fancy, she will prove aformidable rival. The Royal Oak, by Russell of Pyrmont, is a wonderful littlo boat, and will' take a great deal of beating, although rathnr smaller than her now competitor. In addi tion to tho boat in hand by Reynolds, there arc several spoken of, amongst which, ono by Yates of Woolloomooloo, to bo returned to her builder unless successful this season. The 22 ft. boats have always been an im portant link in the chain of our regatta programnies, and as they aro really fino smart boats, coming within tho means of young men in office, should he encouraged, more especially as they form a training school for yachtsmen, afford a manly recreation on holidays, and with their numerous dots of snowy canvas, add one moro effect to tho many beauties of Port Jackson. VANDERDECKEN'S GHOST. ? Aquatics at Ballaauat. — A scullers' raco for a trophy value £10 will come olF on Lake Wendouree, on Friday, 13th Octobor, between Mr. Cazaly, of tho Ballaarat Club, and Mr. Perry, of tho Alabama Club. Distance, two miles. Corio RowiNQ Club.— The Advertiser wrote : — 'Tho Corio Rowing Club turned out two crows on Saturday, wuo took a smart spurt over towards Cowie s Crook and round by tho Limeburners' Point. Wo could not distinguish who were the parties in tho second boat that started, but we must congratulate them upon having acquired a steady swooping stroke, which for rapid pulling cannot be .surpassed. Tho crow in No. 1 boat seemed to oe in a hurry to get their oars out of tho water, which in no way added to tho spoe'd.' ' ? . Trout Fishing Extraordinary. — A con tleraan from Manchester, staying at air. M'Intyro's hotel, Inchnadamph, killed on tho lochs of Assynt, with tho fly, in foiir days— namely, from . tho 17th till the 20th May, inclusive — 519 trout — Jnverneu Courier. 