NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL, MOONTA MINES. [From the Wallaroo Times.] Persons approaching Moonta from Kadina or Wal-<*> laroo on Monday. August 7, could easily discern, from the quantity of bunting floating in the breeze, that it was a gala day there. On arriving at the mines it was evi- dent great preparations had been made for laying the foundation-stone of in* new Wesleyan Chapel. Adjoin ing the present chapel a large marqiee had been ereoted for the tea meeting. Ovarjthii a number oi ship's flags had been suspended, eriving an animated appear ance to tie place. At half-past 1 o'clock the Trustees and a number of friends assembled at the chapel, and, headed by tho MoonU Mines Brass Band, proceeded t? the site of the new building. Here an immense con course of people had assembled. It was estimated that there could cot be less than from 1,000 to 1,200 persons present. A. hymn was sung, after which the Rev. C. T- Newman engaged in prayer. The band then performed a piece of sacred music in an excellent manner. The Rev. C Colwell stated that at tbe unanimous I request of the trustees, Captain Hancock had consented to perform the ceremony of laying the foundation stone, before which he would ask the (Secretary of the Trust. Mr. Thomas Davis, to read a copy of the contents of the bottle to be placed under the stone. Mr. Davis stated that the bottle contained a copy of the Wallaroo Timu. Register, and Expreu newspapers, a preacher's plan, and a document of which the following is a copy : — 'Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, MoonU Mines. The foundation-stone of this chapel was laid on the 7th August, 1865. by H. R. Hancock, Esq., manager of the Moonta and Yelta Mines; being in the 28th year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir Dominick Daly, Governor of Colony. President of the British Conference, the Rev. George Osborne, D.0.; President of the Australasian Conference, Rev- 3. S. Wangh; Chairman of the District, Bar. John Watsford; Ministers of tha Circuit, Rev. C. Col well, Superin tendent, and C. T. Newman; Leaders in Moonta, 13 in number; Trustees of Chapel, 29 in number." Gapt. Hancock then placed the bottle in the cavity made for it, and with the ease and grace of a " Master Mason," used the trowel in spreading the mortar. The stone bang lowered, and the plummet applied, be declared it duly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost The ceremony being concluded, he stood on the stone, and expressed his gratification at seeing S3 many present, which evidenced the interest they felt in the work. That they needed a, larger chapel had long been demonstrated, bat for a considerable period difficulties over which they had no control had prevented them build ng- Now be rejoiced that those difficulties had been overcome, and he hoped that the work would be carried on to a successful completion. The Band then played in an excellent manner, the " Hallelnjih Chorus-" The Rev. C. Colwell addressed the company, express ing the pleasure he felt at bang present, and stated that although sickness had prevented him being present at. the various trustee meetings, yet he toot a deep and lively interest in all their movements. When his col league had informed him of their liberality and enter prise it filled bis heart with joyous emotions, and he rejoiced at the favorable auspices under which the work was commenced' In each a company as the present it was unnecessary for him to give a lengthened exposition of their doctrine. However, the leading truths which would be proclaimed there may bs spoken of as the three great R's —Ruin by Sin, Redemption bv Jesus Christ, and Regeneration by the Holy Ghost. He trusted that the building wo Jd be erected without accident, and that Gods blessing iroold crown their labor;. Ovrr £16 were laid on the stone. After singing the doxology, and pronouncing the benediction, the company, headed by the band, repaired to the chapel for tea. ? n arriving there the tables were eoon filled, and the la lies' energies called into active exercise. The proceeds for the tea alone amounted to the extraordinary sum of £54, the largest amount, we believe, er?r received at any tea meeting in the colony. As soon as the tablet eould be cleared, the public meeting was commenced in the marquee by singing and prayer. Captain Hancock, on taking the ohair, in an effective speech detailed the circumstances which led to that diy's proceedings. He said no one who saw their con gregation could for % moment doubt the necessity for in creased accommodation. At present the people were packed like herrings in a barrel. Some might ask why tbe work was not commenced before. Ha would reply becanse they could not possibly dit so, inasmuch as it was mineral lease land, and the permission of the Gorern mjnt and mine lessees had to be obtained first. Tn securing this many difficulties had arisen, an 1 it was mainly through the exertions of their hon. member, Mr. J. Hart, that they had succeeded. He rejoiced at the success which had already attended the movement, and admired the liberality of the people. Still much, remained to be done, and it was thought advisable at the present meeting to take the money matters first and the speeches afterwards. The Rev. Kir. Newman stated that the amount of th present eon tract was £1,062, which was for the buildin only, and the estimate for in'emal fittings was £30 more. To meet this they had subscriptions promise! t the amount of £653. Thus it would be seen that hand some as the subscription-list was, a large sum yet re mained to be collected. He hoped that before the meeting was over the amount would stand at £900. The Ciiarman said the list wa? now open, and he hoped they wjuld speedily respond; this was done nobly, and after wards a collection was made. Mr. Jolly, the Treasurer of theTnut, stated that ha had recently received £10, from the Mines' Union, which was formed during: the late strike, but was now broken up* He was also informed that the earns amount had been given to the other chapels in comae of erec tion. Or. Wilkinson next addressed the meeting in elo quent terms. He spoke of the greatness of the work in which they were engaged, of the benefit it would confer, the advantages of Methodism, the ?eal and energy which characterized Cornish Methodists, and on th? importance of all their efforts being done with the idea of promoting the Bedeemer's Kingdom. Mr. Martin Edwards spoke of the pleasure he felt in being present, and referred to the prosperous state ?f the Church among them, of the great en i of their organization—the dissemination of Gospel truths. Ha wished them every success. Mr. Jollv expressed the joyous emotions which thrilled his heart at the success of the undertaking, and the prospect of soon bavin? a. ommodiom bouse of prayer in which to worship Chad, the benefit of which would never fully be known in this world. Mr Richards spoke of the House of God and its requirements. It was announced that the proceeds of the day's services amounted to about £170. Captain Osbome movad, sad Mr. T. Roberts seconded, a vote of thanks to the ladies and th? band, which was carried with acclamation. A rote of thanks to the Chairman and the bensdic tion brought to a close the largest and ont of th? most successful meetings ever held on the Peninsula. We subjoin a brief description of the building, which will be 75 feet by 45 in the clear. It is of Gothic design, and will be built of stone, with brick quoins and arches, and roofed with galvanized iron. The floor will have an, incline of about two feet in the entire length. We believe it will be the largest chapel out of Adelaide, it being estimated to hold 750 persons. Mr. F. May is the architect, and Mr S. Rossitor the builder. It will be completed in the early part of November, and the Rev. W. Taylor is expected to preach the opening sermons. 