THE NEW HEBRIDES MISSION. A MEETING took place yesterday evening, at the Wickham Terrace Presbyterian Church, in connection with the New Hebrides Mission, and the Rev. Mr- Copeland (from the islands) gave an account of the past history and present condition of that mission, There was a good attendance The Speaker (the late. GILBERT ELIOTT) occupied the chair, and in stating the purpose of the meeting, said that although there was not a large number present, he was proud to preside over such a meeting, and hear the account of the missionary work about which he was afraid most of us know very little, and to hear from the lips of one who had labored some years among the islands one of that noble band of devoted and good men who spent their BY length and perilled their lives in proclaim- ing the glad tidings of salvation to the benighted inhabitants of the New Hebrides. We had no idea what the labors of those faithful heralds of the cross were, of the privations and dangers they had to undergo in their master's cause. The blessing of Almighty God would rest on the labors of those who had been successful in laying a foundation which would be known and felt in time to come. He then introduced The Hot. Mr. COPELAND, who stated that the subject on which he wished to address the meeting was "The New Hebrides, and the work accomplished in them." He would mention a series of facts in connection with the islands, and leave them to draw their own inference from those facts. (The rev. gentleman then proceeded to describe the early history of the group, which closely resembled the description already published by him as a contribution to the Courier of July 26, and then proceeded. The inhabitants of the New Hebrides were ignorant of many BCCU lar things-of many countries, continents, lands, nations, and tribes, of the productions of the earth, mineral and vegetable ; of the heavenly bodies, their size and motions ; of much of the civilisation which existed motherlands. Their first ideas when they saw a ship approach their shore was that it was a great spirit, and the men who managed it were so many smaller spirits and they endeavored to frighten the ship away by blowing their large BIICIIB. Perhaps those who had read Williams' narrative remembered the " Speaking Chip." One day, when making repairs to his ship, he found he wanted a tool which he had not with him, and writing on a chip the name of what he required, a native took it to his wife, who delivered the tool to him. The natives were so much astonished at what the ship had effected, that they called it the " speak- ing chip," and the individual who bore the message attached it to a piece of string, and carried it about him for some time. They were ignorant of the phenomena of nature ; of volcanoes, earthquakes, c. ; of the nature of of sickness and diseases and their causes. They thought that disease was caused by certain natives and when a person became sick his relatives endeavored to ascertain who among his brethren had caused his illness, in order to send presents to him that he might restore him to health. The missionaries were blamed for all calamities, all epidemics, hurricanes, droughts, and failures of crops. In their ignorance they thought that those who received the message of the missionaries and teachers would sicken and die. This was one of the most serious obstacles in the way of evangel- using the islands. They were also ignorant of the duties they owed to each other. Parents did not know how to conduct themselves towards their children, nor children how to respect their parents. Husbands maltreated their wives ; men could not trust each other. They were, moreover, ignorant of Jehovah, of that name above every name, of the Holy Ghost, who, by dwelling within us, fitted us for heaven. They know nothing of heaven or the way that led to it. They were cruel, not only to strangers, but to each other. In the words of the psalmist, there's were the " dark places of the earth, full of the habitations of horrid cruelty," Infants were often left to perish in the bush, the maimed, the sick, those afflicted with bodily defects, were neglected, and died more from starvation than actual disease. Wives were strangled on the death of their husbands, on the principle that having served them in this world they must wait on them in the next. They were cruel to those who were unfortunate enough to drift from a neighboring island and shipwrecked sailors who had escaped the perils of the sea, were hardly allowed to land before the ovens were heated, and preparations made for feasting upon them. On almost all the islands some of the native teachers had been killed. Four missionaries were murdered at Erromanga two in 1839, when Williams and Harris landed there and in 1861, Mr. Gordon and his wife. 'The natives were helpless. They could not improve or elevate themselves physically, intellectually, or spiritually, if left to themselves. They never would gather the fruits of civilised life, and their Both of knowledge would continue the same from age to age ; they would retain all their cruel abominations unless we went to their help and assistance. The voyager Cook called at one of the group Jane, some 1 or 2 years ago, and his description of it in his " Voyages round the World," corresponded exactly with its present condition. The same was true of any other island of which information had been obtained. Missionaries had been at work on these islands since 1839, and they now appeared less disposed to give up their heathenism than they were twenty years ago. Where there were no restraints, their tendency was to go backward. In a word savage life was one of isolation and monotony, a life of terror and cruelty, of intellectual and spiritual darkness, and moral perversion, by which he meant calling good evil, and evil good. They might be described as " having no hope, and without God or the word, hateful and 1 hating each other, perishing for lack of knowledge." Although discovered upwards of ninety | j cars ago, no attempt was made until 18, (9 to I evangelise them. In that year John Williams I said It Harris went to Erromanga, and had been but a few minutes there when I they were bar- ! curiously murdered. He believed no black man over attacked a white man without having a reason for doing so. Being about to hold one of' their' feasts, and seeing these men walking ' inland, they supposed they were going to plunder them of their food, as many white men did before, and therefore killed them on the beach. In 1812, another attempt was made, when two men, Turner and Nisbet, were sent out by the London Missionary Society, and settled on June. They, however, only remained about seven months. An epidemic broke out, and it being traced to them, they were glad to avail themselves of the opportunity of escaping by a passing ship. In lot I-, some natives were landed, but they nci-oinplUhod very little, indeed. It was not till 1813 that a "permanent footing was obtained in the islands of that group. A missionary from Nova Scotia settled there, and labored for seven years with great SUCCESS. Another joined him in 1852 ; a thud in 1857 and three others in 1858. About two months ago another went down. The missionaries, in carrying on operations with the assistance of native teachers, find serious difficulties to contend with the climate was debilitating and enervating ; all were subject to fever and ague. Another difficulty was the diversity of language ; every island had its own, and each was distinct. In this way the labors of the missionaries were much circumscribed, and, unless gifted with a faculty of acquiring language, they were often confined to a single roof. Another obstacle was the superstitious ideas of the natives. They were afraid of teachers and of the Gospel they preached. There were twenty islands in the group, and they had been enabled to operate on six of them. On Tann, the first tried, no success had been met for the missionaries who occasionally visited it had been obliged to flee from it for their lives. On the other two, Anowa and Footann, BOHIO progress had been made ; missionaries had not lived upon them, all the work was accomplished by native teachers. Of the inhabitants, perhaps fifty kept the Sabbath, and had abandoned the grossest forms of heathenism. On Erromanga and Fate considerable advancement had been made. On Erromanga there were two hundred converts, and a great many attended school, and could road. Books had been printed in their language The missionaries and to set themselves to acquire the language and afterwards to reduce it to writing. They used the phonetic system, each letter representing only one sound, and it was thus more easily acquired than if they had followed the plan of the English alphabet. The gospel of Luke, prophesy of Jonah History of Joseph, the Catechism, Primer, and Hymn book had been printed in the language of the natives of Erromanga, In the Island of Fate, there were at present a missionary and three teachers. Work was commenced there as far back as 1835, and after great want of success, for many years, a great improvement set in. On it there were 150 church members, GO church teachers, and a few small books had been printed in the native language. The work had been almost entirely carried out by native teachers. At Anoityuni, where the population was 2100, the whole were professedly CIU-ÍBIÍIUI. They had laid aside their idols and heathen feasts ; (her evil practices had been left off ; the women were no longer degraded, nor the widows strangled. There were 50 schools, attended by about 80 per cent, of the population. Family worship was almost universally observed. The New Testament and other books had been translated into their language, and most of the people could read. Many had been sent to other islands still in darkness. They had also commenced growing cotton, arrowroot, &c.; Life and property were perfectly secure. His object in app having be fore them was to bring the case of the other islands of the group, where no operations had been begun, under their notice. There were only eight missionaries, and twelve native teachers, among 150,000 people. The grand remedy for them was the Gospel, and civilisation would follow. If civilisation were first introduced, they would neither be pLysicully nor spiritually improved. He saw in the aborigines of this colony a proof of this statement. Something more was necessary for them than seeing civilisation. Unless something was done for their hearts they would not care for the white man's civilisation. How were they to send the gospel to those islands ? Not by ship, not by post, still less by the telegraph ; the only way was by men going among the inhabitants and preaching the everlasting gospel. Four things were necessary to the evangelising of those islands, namely, missionaries, native teachers, a mission vessel, and lastly, the blessing of God. They must have more missionaries,- and looked to Australia to furnish them. Part of those who were already there had come from Nova Scotia, and part from Old Scotland. We were within 1200 miles from these islands. They hoped soon to receive missionaries from the colony, from Victoria, and New South Wales. Missionaries could be supported very cheaply-on £120 a year, or £140 at the most. By this time twelve months the Home Society would have one missionary for every eight congregations, of which there were forty altogether. They had now one missionary vessel, the Day Spring, a schooner of 115 tons, built at a cost of about £3000, and the money was collected by the Sunday-schools of Australia. It was essential to have her supported, and her annual outlay was £1200. Victoria had promised £500, New South Wales £350, and the contribution expected from Queensland was £50. The Day Spring was considered indispensable, She conveyed teachers from the islands to others where they were needed, took yearly supplies to them, removed the sick or those who were in danger, took the missionaries from Sydney and supplied them with necessaries, and brought them home and Australian letters, besides affording them the means of removing from place to place. The native teachers came from the Christian islands ; they were the pioneers of the missionaries. They had the advantage of being accustomed to living on the island, and were acquainted with the habits and superstitions of the people. Each teacher was allowed £5 per annum, given partly in clothing, medicine, and Stuff for bartering. Their prospects were very good. Several Christians in these colonies had each engaged to support a native teacher on one of these islands. One reason he had to urge for asking their support was that it would help to promote science ; new languages would be reduced to writing ; now specimens of plants, minerals, birds, and fishes would be discovered; the unheard of customs and habits of the natives discovered. If they wished to aid commerce let them support the missions. The group of which he had been speaking lay on the eastern passage to China, and vessels thither bound as well as sailors called for water, pigs, and sandalwood, which brought from £30 to £40 a ton in China. It was only when the islanders had become Christians that vessels, could call with safety. Cotton and other tropical productions would be cultivated and exchanged for manufactures. As philanthropists -OB those who felt for suffering humanity, their support was asked. Supposing heaven was all a delusion, even for this life let them give these people the Gospel ; it blessed them mightily. In the last place, they ought to support the missions as Christians, W'IIOBO duty it was, having heard of the joyful sound, to make it known to others. (Cheers.) The Revs. Mr. Ooo, Mr. M. M'GAVIN, and Mr. LOVE, also addressed the meeting, and resolutions were passed pledging them to aid the mission by means of subscriptions. The proceedings then terminated with the usual benediction. AT the county petty sessions at Blackburn Mr. James Walmsley, manufacturer, Great Harwood, was fined 20s. and costs for having em- ployed William Harry Parsons, a boy, in his mill, without having a school certificate, as required by the Factory Act; and the boy's father John Parsons, was fined 5s. and costs for allow- ing his son to commit the offence. 