SUMMARY FOR EUROPE. INTRODUCTION. When the November mail for Europe was despatched, the Governmont had announced their intention to prorogue Parliament with a view to an early appeal to the country. On the morning of the 25th ult. they had succeeded in defeating, by thirty-seven to twenty-six, a motion proposed by Mr. Greeves, which was, in effect, ono of want of confidence, as it declared that the action of the Government in relation to the crisis "waa not calculated to bring the disordered state of public affairs to a speedy and satisfactory con- clusion." This motion had been se- conded by Mr. Creswick (member for Emerald-hill), on the grounds that a dis- solution was unnecessary ; that it ought not to take placo without the passing of an appropriation act ; and that the want o to the wrongheadedness of the Ministry. The motion was warmly resisted by the Cabinet-especially by the Treasurer, who argued that the proceedings of the Government had been taken in order to maintain tho power of the Assembly over the public purse ; that tho Units of Entry Act was resorted to because the Government were bound, by every means in their power, to maintain the resolutions passed by the House on the 57th July; and that that measure was tho only means left to enforce the tariff decided upon by the Assembly. The functions of government, he said, would of course be carried on during the recess, but he " ventured to assert that there would never be an Appropria- tion Bill for 18G5 ;" while he insisted that the Assembly might as well admit that the power of tho purse was in the Legislative Council as to recede from their resolutions. Mr. Berry, and one or two others of the Protectionist party, supported the mo- tion, on the ground of the danger to the .Constitution threatened by the action of the Ministry ; but, after a protracted discussion, it was negatived on a divi- sion, as already stated. The prorogation followed on Tuesday, the 28th ult., His Excellency having first given his assent to the Miniug Law Amendment Bill, and the Imprisonment for Debt Abolition Act (Mining Galls) Amendment Bill, In his speech on the occasion, Sir Charles Darling congratu- lated the Houses on passing the Land Bill, the Mining Bill, and the Mint Bill, and on providing for water supply to the country districts, and for harbour defence. He spoke hopefully of the progress of post office savings banks ; referred with re- gret to the fact that the revision of the lariff promised at the last general elec- tion had not yet been accomplished ; thanked the Assembly for the liberality of their grants; and, referring to the disputes which had arisen between the two Houses, lamented that the Constitu- tion provided no means for their settle- ment, trusted that the course of finan- cial legislation might bo settled by tho opinion of the constituencies, and hoped that next session tho proceedings of the two Houses would be harmonious, and in accordance with the decision of the people. The prorogation of Parliament to a nominal date has since been followed by the dissolution of the Assembly, and the issue of new writs. The Act to amend the Electoral Act provides that the elections shall take place in three (unequal) divisions, and the nominations for the first batch were made on Wed- nesday last, the polling to take place on the 30th instant. The last of the elec- tions will take place at the close of January. Among the more notice- able changes which, so far, have oc- curred is the retirement of Sir Fran- cis Murphy (so long Speaker of the Assembly) from the Murray Boroughs, where his seat had become very insecuro, and his appearance in the field for Grenville, from which Mr. Randall (now on his way to England) retires. Sir Francia appeals to that constituency as a Ministerialist, and as having obtained the promise of the Cabinet to assist him to a seat. He is accompanied by Mr. Henry Henty, another Ministeralist, young in politics, but, as a tea and sugar merchant, apparently interested in the pabsing of the M'Culloch tariff. Sir Francis and Mr. Henty aro opposed by Mr. B. C. AspinaE and Mr. M. M. Pope (the late representative), and a very vigorous fight is now going on. In Mornington, the Chief Secretary is -opposed, by MR Hibbert Newton, barrister, and .at one time Solicitor General ; Mr. Francis is met in Rich- mond by Mr. Gideon Lang ; Mr. Michie, aud his colleague, Mr. Crews, are matched in St. Kilda with Mr. Bunny and Mr. Snowball (the latter, Mayor of Prahran) j Mr. Higinbotham is encountered in Brighton by Mr, J. TV. Stephen ; and Mr. Verdon is warmly attacked in Wil- liamstown by Mr. Murray Smith (Smith, Strachan, and Co.); Mr. Grant is not likely to be opposed in Avoca ; but Mr. Sullivan will probably meet an op- position-entirely on political grounds in Mandurang. No opposition in M'lvor to Mr. Macgregor is talked of, the hon. member having now the additional recommendation in his favour that he is the Commissioner of Railways. Mr. J. D. Wood is in the field for Villiers and Heytesbuiy, a constituency which he formerly represented; Mr. E, Langton contests Dundas "and Follett; Mr. R. D, Ireland is , almost certain to Btand for Maryborough j and a variety of changes are likely to occur in the constituencies of and near Melbourne. What the result may bo time only, of course, will show us ; but there is no doubt that the severest ejection struggle that has ever taken place here has now been entered on. It is one of the most extraordinary facts in connexion with the situation of affairs, that although six Ministers have addressed their constituencies-and those the men who are mainly re- sponsible for the crisis-a plain and simple issue has not been raised by any ->ono of them. Nor have the plain facts of the case been put before the country from any one of the Ministerial platforms. To whatever cause wo owe it, there is no doubt that the plain unvarnished truth has not been told by any of the Ministerial defenders of the Cabinet. Not one of them has had the courage to put the simple question to the country-Is it to be fr^ee trade or protection ? The two law-officers of the Crown, who spoke first, professed themselves still to be fiee-traders, and denied that the tariff was protectionist in character. Mr. Iliginbotham, indeed, raised a new issue-a question of communism, which appeared to be somewhat startling as coming from the lips of a law-maker in authority. Mr. M'Culloclj, Mr. Francis, and Mr. Verdon, on the other hand, did not scruple to avow that the tariffhad a protectionist tendency. It was characterised by its author (Mr. Francis) as embodying theories which he had long entertained ; and these theories (with all their crudities) have been no secret for years past to the political friends of the lion, member for Richmond. By all of the Ministry who have spoken, however, the struggle of the Assembly to secure rights which it does not at present possess, as regards financial bills, has been described as essential to the freedom of the country. This little Chamber, in fact, insists on overriding the Constitution Act, puffs itself up to the dimensions of the House of Com- mons, and makes believe to think that its absolute and separate control of the finances is essential to a people who know what freedom is as it is understood in England, and who have only been in possession of self-govern- ment, under a written constitution, for some ten years. The English instinct ought to be sufficient to work out that Constitution in its most liberal interpre- tation; and no real grounds whatever exist for the assertion that the attitude calmly maintained by the Council throughout the long struggle of the past eleven months has been inconsistent with the best interests of the colony. We are threatened with a revival of the obnoxious tariff in the new Parliament ; but it is the merest pretence on the part of the Government to say that the tariff is necessary to a better understanding with the Upper House. Nearly every elector in the colony is ready to admit} that the times have altered so much in the last ten years that changes may properly be made in the qualification both of electors and of members of the , Upper House, and the relations of the two Houses as regards money bills may be capable of more precise adjustment in a bill to amend the Constitution Act. The Upper House itself has proved that it is not unwilhng to entertain the ques- tion, and there is not a shadow of an excuse, beyond the obstinacy of the Go- vernment, for the continued association of the two subjects. With the dissolution of Parliament the abortive tariff came to an end, and with it passed away the inimical Units of Entry referred to in last summary. The list published in another column is that now in force, and it will be seen that it is little more than a registration fee in another name. The Supreme Court has refused to the Government leave to appeal to the Privy Council in the various tariff , actions, excepting on terms which the Crown declined to accept. Judgments, therefore, have been entered up for the importers. The Attorney-General, how- ever, has intimated that he has applied directly to the Queen in Council to permit an appeal to the Judicial Com- mittee of the Privy Council This is au extraordinary course, though consistent with the attitude the Ministry has maintained towards the judges. If the appeal fails, a sum exceeding £140,000 will have to be returnud, as having been illegally collected ; while the country will piobably (if not cer- tainly) lose about an equal sum short collected on articles on wliich the duties were reduced under the late tariff. The late arrival of the English Oc- tober mails, eight days after the time when they were due, has renewed the dissatisfaction of the public with the manner in' which the service is now being performed by the Peninsular and Oriental Company. An agent of the French Company has arrived in Mel- bourne to initiate fresh arrangements, if possible. His Excellency the Governor presided at tho annual meeting of Ibu Victoria Auxiliary Bible Society, held on. tho 16th inst. The Chief Secretary laid, on tho 8th inst,, tho foundation»6toae of a district orphan asylum about to bo orcctod at Ballarat. Mr, John Goodman has resigned his ap- pointment aB a member of the Executive Council of Victoria. Dr. Eermunn Jonasson has been elected honorary assistant physician to the Melbourne Ûospltal. 1 Tho Contrai Board of Health have issued a ciicular to municipal bodies throughout tho country, calling attention to tho nowa that cholera had appeared ia India and at Medi- terranean ports, and to tho possibility of the dlEcaso being brought to the colony by trad- ing vessels, and recommending activity In the buppression and abatement of local'causes known to favour cholora, The seventh series of agricultural areas pro claimed under the Land Act of 1865 were opened for selection on Wednesday last, De- cember 20. The areas each ? together about 600,000 acres, and the places appointed for the making of selections were Ararat, Avoca, Ballan, Colac, Echuca, Hamilton, Kil- more, Kyneton, Longwood, Mansfield, Hol- bourne, Mortlake, Port Albert, Portland, Stawell, Wangaratta, Warrnambool, and Yackandandah. About 100,000 acres were | taken up on the first day. About 2,000 licences for the occupation of allotments (not exceeding twenty acres in extent) around gold-fields, for the purposes of residence and cultivation, as provided by the 42nd section of the now Land Act have already been granted. The annual licence-fee is £2 10s. for an allotment not exceeding ten acres, and £4 for an allotment over ten acres. The City Council have passed a resolution authorizing tho Health, Legislative, and Public Works Committees to confer with the councils and boards of the borough and road districts within the metropolitan limits of the Public WorltB Statute, 1865, with a view to the an an gomen t of plans for associating the various local bodies together as a metropo- litan board of works, for the purchase and management of the Melbrmrno Waterworks, and the devising and catrying out of efficient plans of drainogo and sewerage. The gloat triai at bar, Cornish and anoUier v. The Queen, arising out of the contract for the national railways, and involving an amount of something like £300,000, is appointed to commence on tho 1st February. It is ex- pected to occupy abc-ut a fortnight. Post-ofliee saving-banks have been esta- blished at Beaufort, Camperdown, Dunolly, Port Albert, Portland, Buthnrfilen, Smythes- dale, Stawell, Swan- hill, and Warrnambool. As many as 175 candidates entered them- selves iorthle month's Civil Service examina- tion. Of that number only thirty-eight popsed in the compulsory subjects. On the 9th of December (the last day of Hilary Term) Messrs. William Ardlie, William Alexandoi Brahe, and Edward Shean Smith, were admitted to practise as attorneys, soli- citors, and proctors of the Supreme Court of Victoria. The junction of the Hobson's Bay and Mel- bourne, (late Suburban) lines of railway having been accomplished, the station at Prince's-bridge was closed, and the whole of the traffic arrangements concentrated, on the 18th inst., at the Elizabeth-street station. But three days' experience having shown that until the erection of the proposed new station the arrangement could not work as satisfac- torily as could be desired, resort was had, on the 21st inst,, to the old system of running trains separately from the two Melbourne stations. The late Parliamentary session was, with one exception, tho longest known since the inauguration of responsible government. The exception is that of the seEsion 1856-7, which t-xtonded from the 21st November in one year io the 24th November in the next. The late session commenced on Monday tho 28th November, 18C4, and terminated on Tuesday, the 28th November, 1865. It, there- fore, lasted a rew hours over ono year. Dur- ing that peiiod the Legislative Assembly hud 140 Bitting«, which occupied together about G40 boura, giving an average lennth per sitting of four hours thirty-seven minutes. The sittings of tbo Lcgislutivu Council numbered ninety-six, occupying together about 1G2 hours, or an average of one hour and forty minutes per sitting. Tfee number of billa before Pnrliament during the session was ninety two, Of thete measures fifty-sis becatno law. Instructions have been given to the. city police lotakeBtops sgaiobtany persons whom they may observe breaking the bye-law re- cently pasocd making it punishable to ride or drive across the intersections of streets at any pace beyond a walk. The penalty to which portons become liable for this oflence is £5. As many as sixty applications have bsen lodged for rowards under the grant of £5,000 made by tbo étato for the establishment of new industries. The Oity Council have decided to extend the provisions of the Melbourne Building Act to all those portions of the city not now in- cluded within its limits, with the exception of Smith Wiud. Profound crief was experienced throughout the colony on the receipt of the intelligence of Lord Palnierston's death. Flags at half mast wore hoisted on the Town-hall and other buildings in the city, and also by shipping in the harbour, as a mark of respect to the » memoiy of the illustrious deceased. Indubtrial schools for Roman Catholic female chlldien, under the Neglected and Criminal Children's Act, have been estab- lished at Abbotsford and Geelong. The entries for the prizes for butter, chooso, hams, and bacon, to be awarded next March by the PmtPhillip Farmers' Society, number twenty-two, and all save one are Victorian. Tho aggregate value of the prizes is £120. Tho heat in the early part of the present month was very_ severe. Several bush fires prevailed in the interior. Lait weak, the Go- vernment Intimated that they were propared lo appoint Friday, the 6th January, as a day to he set upart for humiliation and prayer in consequence of the drought. Since then rain has fallen, bat not in sufficient quantities to be of any rrreat benefit to vegetation. The annual celebrations of our great public schools have just taken placo, The speech day ot the Scotch College-an institution at which sumo 230 or 240 boys aie being edu- cated, carno oft on the 12th inst, His Excel- lency tbo Governor presidiug over the pro cet-dingB. The prize distribution, of tho Church of England Giammar School was held on the 19th inst., the lli¿ht llov. Bishop Perry occupying the chair. The number of < students in the latter institution is 185, The foundation-stone of an Episcopal church at Mulvern-hill (to be dedicated to St. Georg-') wiis laid, on the 30th November, by Sir William Stowell. A new Etiikcopal church, at Footscray (de- dicated to St. John the Evangelist), waa opened on the 17th inst. ' All Saints' Church, East St. Kilda, is abjut to bo enlarged. Fancy bazaars, in aid of the following ob- jects have beni hold during the month :-The Melbourne Orphan Asylum, the South Yarra Presbyterian Church, the Emerald-hill Con grefiational Church, the East Collingwood (Oafoid-stiett) Conuregatiunul Church, and the Collingwood United Methodist Free Church, The amount realised by the Orphan Asylum bazaar, which took placo at the Exhi- bition-building, and occupied a week, wa3 nearly £3,000. The unnual sittings of the Gonerat As- sembly of the Presbyterian Church of Vic- toria, have just been held. They extended over a week. The Rev. Thomas Hustle, of Buninyong, was elected moderator for the year. The moderator, in his opening address, stated that when he arrived in 1847, there wore only four Presbyterian ministers in the colony. Now, he said, there are eight près bjti'ries, about 160 congregations, and up- wards of 100 miniuters. luduod thoro is not a British colony where the Presbyterian Church is so strong, and ho trusted he might say so efficient, as in Viotorta. The Theo- logical-hall Committee reported that £7,003 had been subscribed towards tho endowmont of i)rofcs8orehips. The colonial steam-sloop Victoria roturnod to Melbourne, on the 27th Novomber, from her search for shipwrecked people at the Auckland Mus. The result of tho expedition is that no porson ha» been found on the Auckland group, or upon any of tho others visited by Commander Norman; nor was any trnco of shipwreck discovered beyond what Lae altoady boon reported by Captain MUFRrave, who commanded the Grafton at the time of her wreck. The trial of the Sunbury murder caso has been postponed until the February sittings of the Supremo Court. JohHlL Moulines, town clerk of East Col- lingwood, is awaiting his trial for embezzling mor.oys belonging to tho corporation. Ho was arrested ou board the ship Lightning, na she was leaving Port Phillip Heads for Eng- land. Robert Davenish Garland, attorney's clerk, has been sentenced to five years' hard labour for uttering a forced cheque for £185 on the Bank of Australasia: A young man, named Houry Arthur Parker, alias William Johnston, a passenger by the Royal Edward, from London, was arrested as soon as the vessel arrived in port on the 1st instant, on a charge of forging and uttering two cheques for £350 and £261 11s. "respec- tively, on the London and Westminster Bank, in the name of his employer, Mr. Black, Covent-garden. He left for London (in cus- tody) on Wednesday last, by the ship Wave of Life. Mr. William, Lyons, an officer of the Har- bour Department, was drowned by the up setting ot a punt, while shooting wild-fowl, at Kororoit Creek, on tho 2nd inst. Thomas Charles Beale, carpenter, and Henry Wilson, plumber, both of St. Kilda, left the Werribee for their home in a sailing boat on Thursday, 23rd November; but in crossing the bay the vessel capsized, and the men were drowned. Some days afterwards the bodies were washed ashore at Williams- town. Both had been frightfully mutilated by sharks. John Goldrich and Louis Reynard have been sentenced to seven years' hard labour, for having in their possession forged notes of the Bank of New South Wales, New Zealand. Tho notes had been prepared by photographic piecess, and the men were arrested through the instrumentality of the photographer. Peter M'Millan, of Fitzroy, has been im prisoned for twelve months (in default of paying fine of £100) for working an illicit still. William Roberts, the perpetrator of a rob- bery of jewellery, value £1,000, from the shop of Mr. T. H. Slater, of Rockhampton, in July last, has been captured in Melbourne, where £400 worth of the stolen property has also been recovered. The prisoner has been re- manded to Queensland. During the month as many as three ship masters have been mulcted in penalties for breaches of the Imperial Passengers Act, Cap- tain Clarke, of the Chariot of Fame, has been fined £20, for allowing the hospital on board his ship to be kept in a filthy state, and appro- priating it to the use of the cuddy servants. Captain Watson, of the Donald McKay, has had to pay fines amounting in all to £120, for neglecting to provide the necessary quantities of water prescribed by law, and for opening a bar on board the vessel, and selling spirits to the passengers. Captain Merriman, of the Suffolk, has been lined £20, for failing to pro- vide the necessary hospital accommodation required by law. james Walli«, timber merchant, of Mel- bourne, has been committed to take his trial for bill forgeries, to tho amount of £5.400. A publican, named Timothy Clifford, of Healesville, came by his death at the close of last month in the following manner:-On the 28th November, the deceased went into the house of one Thomas Harney. He flourished a heavy whip, and asked Harney if lie owed him anything. Harney laughed, and said he would see him when he wai sobsr. On this deceased used some very offensive language, and threatened to knock out Harney's broinB. Presently Harney closed with bim, and tiny both tumbled out of tho door, when Harney rose, ruturned to the room, and fastened tim door, leaving deceased outside. Deceased then knocked in the whole of tho window with MB whip, and afterwards went to his own houBo, and took off sume of his clothes, saying that lie would murder Harney. He came again to the house, and made an attack with his whip on the front door, which he broke in, all the time using lan- guage of the moht violent character as to what he would do with, Harney aud the wholo of the ininivti-fi of the house. While be was engaged smashing in the door, it was opened by Harney, who held lu his hand a piece of Pl.ick which was used as abeotjack. With this hu Btrnck deceased ona blow ou the bead, and he (deceased), fcU backward fiat upon tho ground. The deceased was con- veyed to Melbourne, but died on Ins way thither. At the inquest, the jury found that tho deceased " Died from injuiies to the skull cniiïcd by his being struck by Thomas Harney rey in FfJf-o*efence,"and added their opinioD, thut "Harney was justified in using the means he employed." A «old nugget, weighing sixty ounce', waa found on the 80th November, in an alluvial claim on the B. B. Creek, Wood's Point. It la tho largeffc yet found in that district. ' A fire took place at Stanley, near Boech wmlh, on the 17th inst. The stores of Sir, 8amuel Robinfon and Mr. Henry Walker were destroyed. The total damage ¡B esti matcfl at £4,000. None of the property wus insured. A eoivant-girl was eovcroly burned. A skeleton was found about a fonnieht ago in the Pegleg Tunnol, Bendigo. Tho remains have since been identified na those of a Prussian named Reiche!. The decoded wai fmnaerly a large mill-owner in Silesia, em- ploying 1G0 hanilB, but having become insol- vent the fact po preyed on the minda of his father and brother, that first the former and subsequently the latter ßhot himself. The deeuabed beinga strong believer in "destin}'," had laboured under a presentiment that ha would dio in the same way. The coroner's jury, by tboir vordict, found that ho did. Tho wifo of a shepherd named Grant, cm ployed on tho Watch-hill Station, near Colac, died on the 2nd inBt. from a snake- bite. A case has occurred to illustrate tho old proierb that "Murder will out." In 1852 an eldirly mun, n foreigner, lived at the Joiners' Arms, in Corio-street, Geelong. He was pos EeîFod of money. Ono night he went out, and was aflcrwaids seen at the theatre The nest morning he was found lying dead in Corio-street, near the Scottish Chief public house, He was supposed to have been mur deied by strangulation, and an inquest was held on tho body ; but in consequence, of there ' being no direct evidence, an open vordict was recorded. 'Soma additional facts have just come to the knowledge of the police, aud a man named Harvey, a saddler, who at the time was acting as barman at the Scottish Ohief, has been apprehended in Adelaide, on suspicion of being connected with the mordor. Mr. Delisser, who went from MJboirno about the commencement of this year with a party of well-sinkers to examino nu rxtonsivo tract of country owned by certain Melbourne gentlemen at Fowler's Bay and the head of the Great Australian Blight, near ihu weätern heundaiy of South Australia, has returned, and reporta his success ia obtaining water fit for Bheup in the Hist well sunk. . The town of Wollongong, New South Wales, ÍB now lighted with kerosene obtained from American Greek, about five miles distant. News from the Northern Territory to tho Cth September ha* been received at Adelaide. The Rivor Victoria bud boen cxploiod, aud tho result was unsaÜBfactory. It wai not navigable for largo ships, unless made, so at an expenditure of £100,000. The natives in great numbers opposed the progress of the exploring party. Good country, with running streams, is repoitcd to have Leon found at the head of the Adelaide River. Tho coast has been surveyed from tho Gulf of Carpentaria to the Victoria River. A horrible occurrence has taken place on the Darling. Aman named John Hide and his wife, with five children, atartod to find employment. They missed the road; and when found by a traveller the five children wc.ro dead, and tho man and woman appa- rently on the point of death, havlug been without water for five days. Both the man and woman have Binco recovered. On tho Oth InBt, a sottlcr'u family named Fagan, residing at Brisbane Water, were poisoned by stryohnino, bought to poison wild dogs, getting mixed with flour used for food. Three persons died immediately, aud two others since. THE MINISTERS BEFORE THEIR CONSTITUENCIES. é rOXJTIOAD INCONSISTENCIES, Since it was announced- thut the lato disso- lution of Parliament would take place, fivo only of the members of the Cabinet havo ad- dressed their constituencies. TheBO are-the Chief Secretary (Mr. E'Culloch), the Attorney General (Mr. Higinbotham), tho Minister of Justice (MT. Michie), the Treasurer (Mr. Ver- don), and tho Commissioner ot Customs (Mr. Francis). On tho salient issue of freo (rudo and protection they havo boon noarly taute, and when they havo dealt with the abstract questions before tho country, thoy have concentrated their eloquenco on the claim of the Legislative Assembly to the solo control of finance. There has conse- quently been little room for displays of incon- sistency ; but our readers will judgofromthe following selection of passages how far they havo availed themselves of their opportuni- ties : THE lAND ACf. Mi. Higinbotham.-"! am bouutl lo admit that there are many provisions iu the measure which were introduced against the judgment and the votes of tho Government, and further, that some of theBo provisions havo since been found to bo essential to the safe and well working of the act» When I allude to the Amending Land Act of 1SC2,1 do not think thut it would bo entirely jost to omit refer- ence to tho efibrts of the previous Government and the previous Paillament in tho tarne di- rection." Mr. Michie.-" Gentlemen, have we, or have we not, passed a Land Bill? ('Hear,' and cheers.) Is that Land Act a success, or Is it not n succès"» ? (Crio«-' A success ' A Voice. -'It waa Daily's lilli.') Duffy's Bill was nowhere. It was defunct. It was unwork- able." Mr. M'Culloch.-" Whatever the Govorn ment have bsen blamed for, . . . .1 must say that, at all events, we can claim credit for this, that we have settled the land ques- tion-a question which, OB' I have already stated, had baffled the skill of many Govern- ments that preceded us." THE TAItEBT.-WHAT r-HOTECTlON IS. Mr. Higginbotham.-" Protection, according to tho English writers, is uistd iu the eenea of a duty not wanted for the purposes of re- venue, not limited to the requirements of tho revenue, but imposed for the special purpose of calling into existence an industry which would not exist but for that tix. Now, I ask yon, is the tariff proposed by the Government a protective tariff within the sense in which that word Is used by English writers on political economy?.I ventured last year to remind you of a circumstance which, in my judgment, must always qualify tho application of the prin- ciples of free trade to a country like this. I mean a system by which tho population of a young country; is artificially increasod. I have always maintained, that in my huuiblo opinion if we, by either exaggerated accounts of the prosperity of this couutry or by the ap- plication of state funds applied to the pur- pose of introducing population here that would not otherwise have come to our shores, succeeded in bringing to this country a population which does not find employment in the natural bources of employment her?, then wo are not only justified in finding, but arc bound to find, even by artificial means, employment for persons BO brought here. . . I told you tbat I believed any attempt to protect the industries of this or any other country nalurully tended to produco stiifo between tho various classes of the pro- ducers.I affirm to you, that the views I have now repeated to you bavo undergone no change whatever. I see in England-I see here-the dangerous operation of a law by which, in the course of events, if left without check or control, the rich daily become richer, and the poor daily become pooier. And it may bo a delicate, butltiB, I believe, an imperative and inévi- table question, to consider by what means, without interfering with tho motives of indus- try, aud without doing injustice to any class or individual, we may counteract the baneful ope-rhtion of that law of society." Mr. M'Culloch.-"I beliuvu, however, that we should go for a reduction of the duty on teo, coffee, und sugar, which may ba consi- dered almost, if not quite, necessaries of Hfo ; and that the duties taken off theso articles ought to be imposed on manufactured articles imported into the colony, especially on those articles which might be manufactured hore. ....... I believe that sorno lou would be Inclined to the country by this change, because an nxtra CuRtem- house staff would bo îcquired ; but this I consider would he a trifling matter as compared with the ad- vantages 1 propose.Well, gen- tlemen, I still believe in tho principle of lreo trade." Mr. Verdon.-" Now, you will recollect that, in 1801, during the last gineroi election, tho view I ixpreesed wai this-that in se- lecting' articles to be faxed we should take those which competed with our own produc- tions, rather than those which did not. That opinion I have always inaiuLiiuod. I main- tain it now." Mr. Fiauois.-*' I also told you that tboîo reductions would bo compensated for by new duties on two classes of goods-the first olasa fo be goods recognised as luxuries, and the second to bo articles which could bo either pioduced or ought to bo manufacturen in the colony. That was what I proposed hy re- vision of the tariff. I stated, and I repeat now, that tho Govemmont did nut intend to impoBe any new taxation for tho purpose of instituting a permanent and rigid system of protection." THE AMOUNT OP THE NEW DUTIES. Mr. Hfginbotham -" Again, it has bsen often slated, and it has novcr boen answered, that the duties range from Boven and a half per cent., and in no case oxceed ten per cent," Mr.M'Culloch.-"My colleague the Minis- ter of Justice, clearly demonstratedjtho other evening to cvory unprejudiced mind, that tho dutieB ranged but fiom three to twelve and a half per cent." Mr. Michie.- " With fow exceptions, the tax under the now tariff docs not oxc¿ed about ten per cent, ; frequently it is seven per cent., .eight percent., nine per cent., and rarely ex- ceeds fen per cent." Mr. Francis.-" I thon proposed to put a duty on doora of Is. each, and on wiudow sashes of 1B, per pair, which I found equal to 'twelve and a half or fifteon por cent, upon tho oidinary value of the articles." NEW ZEALAND. The political news from New Zealand rofors principally to the approaching general elec- tion,1 and to the prospects of tho success or non-success of the " Separation " party. We hoar nothing further as to the removal of the troops. The determination of the Stafford Administration appears to he, to tako no action themfelvos, hut to throw the onuB on the Imperial Government. Wo hear, also, nothing of General Chute's nlleRed intention to chaBtiee the Wanganui natives for .the loul murder of Mr. Broughton, Government intcrpifller, On the East Coast, where the colonial 1 troops are at work, the Hauhnu fanatics are being severely punished. Tho total defeat of the Wnipau natives was mentioned last month. Eight« en of the prisoners captured tberehave been tried before a court-martial at Opitiki, awl have beeu sentenced to (loath, for participation iu the murder of the Rev. Mr. Giaee. The soutenco has to be ratified by His Excellency the Governor bafore it can be catried out. Fair notice, it seems, was gi\on the 140 fighting mou who wcro released at Waipau, où taking the oath of allegianco, that if they phonld again take up amis they would be liable tu bu hunted, or to be transported, at thooptiou of the G overn ment.. The Haulmus are now making head at Poverty Hay, where they have collected to the number of 700 men, and have plundered und burned down tho houses of the European settlors. The settlers themselves have fled to the little port of Tauranga, and the chnrch/ns well as the residence of Archdeacon Williame, are occupied with hoinclosB fugitives, who lu nearly every instance have lout their all-the leeults,income cases, of twonty and thirty years' lahoma. With great energy, the forces engaged al Waipau hav» been trans- ferred to Tfturaiiga, H.M.S, Esk oonvoyod Morgan's friendly nativus, who numbered 250 men. An ultimatum wns Bent to the rebels, îcqulrlng them to lay down thoir arms, to surrender all murdurors, to pay for all damage done to European settler.), and to take the oath of allegiance. Instead of iiccepting terniB, however, tho Haubaus havo determined to fight to the last. On Friday, (ho lGth of November, the colonial iorces, under Major Fraser, numbering GOO mon, left Tauranga, and thoy were expected to attack one of the pas erected by the robáis the next day. It is hoped that the savago fanaticism will now be as thoroughly suppressed in this dletrlct as it has been at Opitlkl and Wnipau. , ACCLIMATISATION. Tho annual meeting of the Acclimatisa- tion Socioty of Victoria wftB hold on Wed- nesday, lho' 20th Decomber, Dr. Mueller (In the absence of His Excellency the Governor) presided. Tho statement of ro vonuo and expenditure showed a balance of £20 to tho credit of the sooioly, the expendi- ture for the year being £4,000. The follow- ing geutlemen were olectod honorary mem- ber?, as an acknowledgement of the valuable services which th..' have renderod to the Eooicty :- Edgar L. Loy ard, Capo Town ; Mor- ton Allport, Hobart Town; tho Hon. Dr. Officer, Hobart Town; Dr. P. L. Sclater, Lon- don ; and Geoffroy St Hilaire, Paris. Tho following aro extracts from tbo report for the ¡rear ; " Willi regard to some ot tlio moro prominent ro suits of tho boclcty's laboura durlug lho past year, Ino connell would observo that soi on tjambur door havo been liberated at Western Fort, nix Axlsdecrat Yerlufr, and tuclio hog deor in tho nolgtaliourhood of Capo Liptrap; with thoso last wore also not froo Bovoral Ceylon peafowls, Guinea fowl«, and pigeons. A nombor of Guinea fowl« wero »IFO liberated by Mr. R. T. r'lrcbmct), ut Uti QeM, In Gipps Lund. These birds, It ii anticipated, from the wlldnesa of their nature, nill readily toko to tho hugh, andas they breed rapidly, will soonproioof voluo to sportsmen and others. Twelvo Coylon partridges havo boon taken clmrgo of by Mr. Austin, for tbo purposo of turning loose at Barwon-park. " The Eugllsh hare may be looked upon as fairly established At tho Royal Park tho two brace that wera turnod loose taro bred repeatedly, and tho animals aro scon everyday ; whilst at Phillip Island they Lav e Increased so rapidly that Mr. M'Haflic csu uiatcs thoir minibor a9 exceeding 200 Sei oral of tho birds that were turned looso on Phillip Island aro known to bo Increasing, and Mr. MTlalflo his. In tho most generous manner, presented tho so- ciety with a herd of somo eighty head of «al- low deer, now running on tho island The society lias rocelvcd, through tho klndnoss or Sir William Hooker and Mr George M'Leay, a large number of tho cork-c»k trees, vi hich, although not a new introduction, 3et aro of so valuable iicharoctor as lo i ender it desirable to multiply them as foal as possible. Major Mlibucl, of tho Indian army, has also dent from Mndros a largo parcel of senna seed, which has been extensively circulated throuirh the colony ; and tho society is indebted to Mr. L. A Bcrnnj», of Brisbane, for ii few roots oí tho Convolvulus jalapa, Mr. Bornays having reccivod them through Sir Tboieas Baring Tho council took ndvantnpeof tho arrival of Romo superior varieties of Spanish chesnut trees at Sj duey, to securo a few for this ooloo j. "The council regret to state that a second attempt to introduie tho cantor oil silkworm has failed ; but, as upon tho first occuslon, tho faillira arose, not from anj Insuperablo difficulty, but simply from dolay on the pnss-ige, a third, and It Is to he hoped, a success- ful, experiment, is now in courto of being carried out. "In order to affordcovor for tho hirds which are being constantly liberated at tho Ho j ni park, and also to beautify the pari,, a large number of copsoB havo been formed In ilio park "Tho following is a detailed list of tho animals in- troduced duriug tho pastyoar : u Axis deer. 3 Coylon deer. 2 fallow deer. 1 Rozelle. ' 2 Madagascar sheep. C Hussian sheep. 8 seci otnry birds. S Victoria crowned goura pigeons. 7 Californian mountain quail. 0 Madagascar quail. 2 rufuB-tallcd pheasants. 5 English plioasnnts. l8 Ceylon partiiilgos. 6 English partridges. 4 Ceylon poafewla. 5 grey Indian gocso. 3 bar-headed Indian frceso. 7 paradise ducks. 2 Toui bird». 8 Indian partridges. "Tho council had hoped to lnro boonabloto in- clude in thl8 list upwards of 100 Angora, goat«, for the purchase of n hieb a sum of £1,200 has long boon uniting in Mr. It. Fbllpott'a hands in London. Owing, howovor. to tho doloys Insoparahlo from such outor B risos, this hopo Is not realised, and It will probably o oven yet two or tlireo months boforo tho animals can bo expected hero. " Tho council havo groat pleasure In bolng ablo to congratulate tho soelcly on tho continued success of the salmon experiment. Tho few fish which ivoroplaced in the Badger Crock nero turned into tho Yana in Moy, having been of a BIZO and condition to warrant the Councilln bclioviiig that thoy would bo ablo to tlirlvo in the opon river, 'i'hoso Uah sbould havo pro- ceeded to sea about October last, and a few of them, according to their habit, ought to return to the rlvor as grilse In December orjuuunry. In Tusm mia, which lins been mudo the principal heat of tho oxporlmont for theso colonies, tho success has been most gratifying; both tho salmon aud trout muy bo looked upon as esta- blished tliero. Tho Tasmanian Government havo again voted a sum of iMiOO for a further iutroduetiou oí ova. This amount has been supplemented by the council of this eocloty with £400, bo that Victoria will largoly participate In all the advantages of tho expected ac- cession of fish. The council aro glnrl to bo able to inform the society that Mr. J. A. Youl has, in con- junction with Mr. Edward wilson, ¿gatti consented to undcrtako tho arduous and Important task ot super- intending Ula cojlection and shipment, of this ova in London. " Through tho kindness of Mr. Charles Macarthur of Launceston, the council havo also boon enabled to Introduce English carp. "Hy recent advices from irr, E. L. Lnyard, of Capo Town, the council leura with delight thal bo has pur- chased for the society two pairs of childs and two pairs of ostriches, all of which may shortly bo ex- pected to arrive. Tho council have also boen informed thal four young ostriches aro being sent out by tho Frei eh focitty. " Tho pheasants and other magnificent birds from India, which wore expected, lmvo not arrived, owing . to the difficulty experienced in getting any person willing; to uet lurtho socioty ; but this di Dieu I ty may bo looked upon ils at au end-Dr. Cliahnors having kindly promised to use his uxurliutu in procuring tho blidn lnoht suited fur this clluiatc. "Mr. Ediviird W Heirn, whoso devotion to tho causo of ncelhnnlitiition continue» unabated, has had pre- pared, at his own oxpemo, a large number of Vir- ginian nightingales, robins, and other birds, for pre- sentation to tho society, and they aro expected to arrlvo hero soon. "Tile council havo, st tho Instigation of Mr Blndon, resolved to devoto tho sum of £200 forthe Introduction of the roebuck, as being an animal admirably suited for many of tho moro mountainous districts of tho country. ",Thu council arc, at tho suggostlon of Mr. Curr, now considering tho propriety ol requesting tho Go- vernment to reserve for tho use of tho society certain portions of land in til« various climatic regions of tho colony, In order that tho animals intreduced by the society may be plnccd In localities bost sulloi to de- velop» their more valuable qualities." A STBANGE STORY OF MURDER AND MADNESS. We have to tell of revelations mado during tbo month at Sydnoy of a singularly sonsa tional character. Thoy involve probably murder, but ceitainly such a talo of profli- gacy, and something akin to madness, iii a ruptctablc ciicloas makes the stoiy an abnor- mal feature in the history of society. Tho scene opens so far back as October 2nd last, at the house of Henry Kinder, a olerk in the City Bank, Sydnoy, uho lived at tho North Shore. On that day Dr. C. F. Eichler was called in to attend Kinder, who was suffering from a jagged gunshot wound, extending from his right ear to the temple. The injury was dangerous-although in tho doctors opinion no bullet had baon fired -but Kinder was of somcuhat intomperatj habits, and it was not Bururiulng to the modical man that the hemorrhage was extreme, that tho wound took a bad turn, aud that Kinder died a few days after. An inquest waB held, and i according to the evidence of thnso present when the shot was died, n-nnely- M re. Kinder, Bertrand, a dentist, and Mrs. Bertrand, the deceased had raised a platel to his head and fchot hiniEolf. A verdict in accoid ance with thtso statements wat returned, and tim matter passed over. Mia. Kinilur went to her pan nts at Bathurst, and Mr. and Mie. Buitrand reraaimd in Sjdney. Bertrand was, however, shortly after in leceipt ofnletter liom Francis Artbui Jackson, dated " Webt Maitland. October 10." Jackson had been a squatter in Now Zoaland, where he knew Mr and Mrs. Kindur, and, according to his account, had been on very familiar turns with tho latter. S x months «ince he carno to Sydnoy to live with the Kinders, and, BH bo stated, renewed bil inti- macy with Mrs, Kinder, nnd mado tho ac- quaintance of tho Bertrand». This lettui Bent to Bertrand was headed " Murder, murder, murder." It charged Bertrand by implica- tion with murdeiing Kinder, and threatened exposure unices ¡£'¿0 were paid, that the writor might sail to Niw Zealand. Ber- trand prosecuted Jackson for Bonding a threatening lettir, and the lattor was for the offenco eent to Parramatta Gaol for twelve mouths. Subsequently, Bortrand was himself chai god with using threatening lan- guage about killing with a steel to a Mrs. liobirlflou. Not finding 6urotics to koop tho ptaco, he, too, was sont to gaol. Ador this revelations began to ba mnde, first by Mrs. llobeitson, who instanced the language and demeanour of Bertinud as evidence that there had been foul play in Kinders death, to which Mrr. Kindor, and of course Mrs. Ber ttand, were privy. The nolice woro com- municated with, the two ladies wore nrrosted, and Bertrand brought up by haleas corput for tho purposes of a magisterial investigation, which took place at the Water Police Court, Sydney. It lasted several days and croatud a vast public excltomcut. The evldenoa taken was so extiaordinaty, and so dependent upon the credit of most of the witnesses, that wo aro compelled, even lu a short summary, to diBtinpuiBh between thom. On tliu airost of Mrs. Kinder, letters from Bertrand were found in her possession, and a diary was found in Bortrand's bedroom, which, being produced to tho Court, formed tbo first por- tion of the incriminating testimony. The loiters pointed to an Intense poreonnl atlaoh. ment between Mra. Kindor and Bertrand. She wioto that "horhourt was aching for a word of love" from him ; that the " weary waiting waiting" for b?tter days " was ter- rible;" that she «as hiß, &c.; Oh, darling, darling," she wrote, " if I could only but KG the old surgery there, and leaning my hoad against youra, as I have BO often done." " Ob, if I could only bo a trao CbiiBtian, but my thoughts and desires aro BO terribly wicked;" and'.sho rofcrrod to his prospects of BUocesB in an undertaking which apparently meant his attempt to get a divorce from his wife Of Mrs. Beitrund, Bhe writes, "How iB Jono? What Is tlie matter? It is of no use to say I am grieved at her being laid np; that would be a mero faroe between >ou und J." Bertrund B diary Is voluminous, and written alwajB in an impassioned, and sometimes In an incoherent strain, hinting at bis determination to clear away MB enemies, Kinder particularly. Hern are fragments: "Lonely ! lonely 1 lonely ! Shu (Mrs.Kinder) is gone, and I am alone." " What fierce passions ate contending In my breast-lovo. jealousy, revenge,hato,nnduuappeased tego! ' "Dearest child, what would I not do for you, my wife in heart, soul, and spirit." " Do not rouse the demon that I know lies dormant within mo." ,"I call on nil the powers in hell to aid their master in his dire venRcance." Of Jackson's committal he wiotc: "It pleasod me. I ara Fiitii-fied. Once more perieh my enomlefl." Again, "Harriette (Mrs. Kerr), my dear sit ter, knows I love to talk of thee, my own darling, and HO listens attentively to tho eiiiimeiation of thy excellent qualities." "I mubt not speak of courts.but you know dearest love what is tho next court that I should like to extend to rue its juris- diction." t "What a weary, weary, time! When will a twelvemonth pass?" "They think down in New Zealand that Harry (Kinder) did not intend to kill himself, but only to highton his wife." Ho told too of being In a boat watching Kinder's old boneo " as I used to do when I flew to the arms of my beloved." "How could I bear to know that my Ellen belonged to Bome one who had a legal right to do or say anything he liked with her It drove me raving mad, and I ara what I am." Of a Mr. Denies, who told him ho knew more than "wo" Imagined, ho wrote, -" What I imagine Is this, that Mrs. Robert- son or June has hinted something to him of what they know." Speaking of those who stood between him and Mrs. Kinder, he wrote, that they would need God's help-" I, who value human life as I valao weupons, to be UEed when required and then thrown away or di btroyed," and so on. The first witness was Alfred Burne, Bertrand's assistant, aged twenty, and an "amateur theatrical." Ho said that Berti and had told him that Kindor would voiy likely be found dead in his bed ; ho would commit suicido. That he (Bertrand) bad tried to drug Jackson, so as to get from that peison Mrs. Kinders letters to him. Subsequently Bertrand took witness in a boat late In tho night to the shore near Kindor's houBe which he entered by the window, re- maining Borne time. He gavo wituiws to understand that he bad drugged Kinder; and, carrying a small tomahawk in his sleevo and attached to his ivrlst by a string in tho batidlo, said ho would knock Kindor's brains out for an insult. At another time he asked witness to buy a red Orimcau shirt that would not show Mood, and induced the latter to buy n pnlr of pistols, Bertrand being present at the purcliBBo dressed as a woman, a disguiso he lind assumed before. Burtrand bought a sheep's head, and was seen practicing firing at it, and saying that between the temple and the ear was the deadliest place to hit. He said, too, that ho should glvo ono pistol to Kinder, and tho next thing witness heard was that Kinder had shot himself. Bertrund had. wituere enid, threatened to put him out or tho way, and moreover told him that ho (Bei (rand) bad poisoned Kinder's wound. Tho evidence of the carrying of the tomahawk, and the puichaso of the sheep's head and pistols, being corroborated, Mrs. Palmer, Mrs. Ber- trand's mother, deposed to Uertraud's strango and unkind demeanour to his wife, and his expressed deeiru for a divorce. Alexander Bullioutse, a telegraph clerk, deposed that after a giimu oí cards, Bertrand volunteered a pri- vate étalement of tho puichaso of tho pistols in disguise, udding, " ho said ho was sorry for Kinder, but wanted him out of the way. Bi-rtiand then said he was a poworful mes- merist. Mrs. Kerr, Bertrand's sister, deposed to her br'othe'r's desire for n divorce in Mrs, Klnder'B favour. One day as Bha was wishing her baby, Bertrund talked to her of Ki tiller's death, saying, after a pause, " Kinder did not shoot himielf ; I Bhot him." He repeated this, eoyitg Kinder was in his way. When he shot him, ho said he put tho pistol in his h«nd, and a pipe in his mouth, and nfter wnids threw the fatal pistol into tho sea. It wiiH well plan ned, ho added, for the pnblio would not believe it, and Kinder would Luvt; bhot him, if he bud not shot Kinder. Ho used to beat his wife biutully, aud even nttemptid her lifo; nnd whispered once to witness, "Kinder did not dio of tho Bhot; sbo (his wife) poisoned him," At othor timos ho spuke of teeing Kindor's ghost, and of red liquors on the table IIB " blood ;" and he wanted his wife to write down that she took poUon, being tired of her life; but »he would not. Witness asked Mrs. Bertrand if it waB tiue that her husbaud Bhot Kinder, and Bho said " Yoa ¡ " and further said -tbut she and Mis. Kinder were at the window when Ber- trand aud Kinder weie talking. A pistol-shot mude them tmn round, and they saw Kindor lying wounded in a chair, a pistol dropping nom his hand, while Bertrand was putting a pipe in his (Kinder'*) mouth. Bertraud forced tin m by threats: to nurse Kinder ; and Bho (Mrs. Bertrand), finding a flulteeied bullet on the floor, gave it to hor husband, who pocketed It, and *aid it was what he wanted, She also Bald that Bertrand made her mix the poison which Mrs. Kinder gavo to Kinder. Witness only remained ia the house after- wards to BBVO Mr*. Bertrand from hor hus- band's violence, and ' tho poor womun afterwards showed her a blaok oye aud pieces of flesh whlppod out of her baok, . both done by Bertrand. In croBS- examina lion, Mrs. Kerr said she often thought her brother waa a lunatic, he did such straugo things ; even in gaping in tho stroet ho would imitate tho roar of a tiger, Ho believod ho could meemerlso any one, but al way H wauted his Bister to stay in the IIOUBO. Mrs. B»rtraad bud afterwards contradioted her own t>tate ment that she mixed the peison. Mrs. Robert- son depiwedttbut Bertrand had told hnrhe shot Kinder, aud then contradicted himself ; undhi) til bo showed her u card, which he said Kinder was looking at when ho was shot. When that catd was shown Mrs. Bertrand, slio said, i " Henry, don't," and began crying. JnokBon, the man who Bald ho had been intimare with Mrs, Kinder, and who wroto the threatening , letter, deposed that Hertrand told him that Kinder was killing himself with drink, and if that did not take him out of tho way other vthinr/s would. The tenor of most of the evi- dence was to show that Bertrand li nil] it tho wildest way talked of having shot Kinder, and that Kinder had been poisoned ut his In- stance that no one should stand in hil way, inttrlarding his language with incohoreut threats, and occasional paroxvhms of vlo It-ncc, chiefly dhectod ot his wife Tho re- maining evidence was that of medical men. Dr, Eichler, who attended Kinder, bdlloved that the wound, which, when he saw it, ap- peared to havo been dressed with porchlorido of iron, waa Belf inflicted, and showed no parti- cular bien oía bullet. Ile did not bol leva that vegetable poisons, such as uolludonuu, could he traced in the stomach after two months. Bertrand had told bim ho had tried to stop tho hemorrbuge, and tho perchlorldo cif iron was A proper application for that. Theio was not eiidiolutit poison taken out of the bottles produc d (Bertrand, being n dentist, used various kinds of poisons for killing nerves, &c.;) Oharles Watt, analy- tical chemist, deposed that he could find no poison lu thu stomach ol thudecoased. It might have beon decomposed. G, li. Alloway, an old nimy suigeou, thought the deceased might or might not have fired the Bhot himself, but believed o bullet had been usod. Dr. H O. Alleyne ugrcetl with this, but was uot positivo about tho bullet. Senior cou Bt a ble Emerton, who saw Kinder alive after the wound, said Kinder once denied having shot himself, but did not reply to a similar question put a Becoud time. The prleonors were then com- mitted for trial. Being removed from court, Bertrand waa with much difBonlty kept from an indignant mob, and Mrs. Kinder, of whose "black evil eyes" sorao of tho reporters had much to say, had her voll torn from her face. They will bo tried in February. Sinco the committal, MrB. Bertrand has bson roluased, nnd will hu brought up, so It is roported, as, ovidonco against Mrs. Kindor. THE INTERCOLONIAL RIFLE MATOO. The fourth rifle match between tho volun- teers of Victoria nnd of Now South Wules was fired at Sydney, on tho 14th, 15th, and ICth inst. The result was In favour/ of Now South Wales, and has now plaood to its credit tho first and Bccond and tho last of theso eucountorfl. The result has not taken, ua by surprise, as the only time Victoria ob- tained a victory was whon wo were repre- sented by our beet mon upon our own ground, while in this instaura several of our first class Bhote were unable to go to Sydney, and tho firing was over a Btrango range. The match is ten shota at 200,300, COO, 090, 700, 800, and 000 yaids, for a silver shield, which has to be won three years consecutively. In this Instance New South Wules took tha had fioiu tho sturt, and though the Vic toiians gained at the COO yards' distance, yot the totals at 700 yards placed them in n minority of 48. It was thought that this might bo recovered on tho third day, but there eeemu sorno fatality against us in Sydney. Two years ago, n hen at. thu cwsitoi 800 yards we were five pointe ahead, the last ! range could not be fired that evening, rind next morning brought an entire ohange of weather and half a gale of wind, in which New South Wales seemed quite at home, and our men were all abroad.. So this year, just when our only chance lay in a last effort, a storm of thunder and' rain Bwept over the range, aud the effect on the Victorians was a score ¡ of226- two and twenty less than, with smaller! targets and with smaller bulls'-eyes,1 they made last year. ^ Sixty-eight lost at this rango, and forty eight before, made up a total of 116 points, which must have made New South Wales feel safe, and Victoria despair. Yet the effect on the shooting- at 900 yards was tho opposite from what might have been expected, the 'Victorians shooting much the best, and fetching UD no less than forty one of thoir leeway-Macartney making the capital score of thirty-four, and none falling below twenty: while Rayner, who had up, to this point been shooting beautifully, made the lowest score of either aide, thirteen only. , So tho fourth match ended with Now South ?Wales, 2,201; Victoria, 2,126-a majority of seventy-five, all but accounted for by tho utter breakdown of our men at 800 yards. Sad they shot there in anything like the form they showed at the other ranges, the match would have been avery 0I080 one, and the ultimate dcolsion, it may be, have been reversed. ,, However, there is good hope that next year, on our own giouud, victory may bs with us; ior the Sydney men say that no batter team could be mustered among them, while, as wo have mentioned, Beveral at least of our best men were unable to compete in the match. At this rato, the shield will bo long ero it ha won, for New South Wales is now exactly in the same position as she wandin 1862-one on towards the three consecutive victories. The highest score was made by Slade, 243; followed bv Brownlow, 23a; Lynch, 282; and J. W. Fawcett, 229. Only Brownlow and Fawcett managed to score thirty or upwards-that is, an average of at least a centre a shot at every ona of the seven ranges. Colo deserves very high credit for the 213 he got, though but comparatively a low score, when it is remembered that he had not fired a single shot in practico on the range. The full sccre and those of past yoars are appended : »2 SCORES. _ ki »3 Is-31 VicroniA Fawcett, J. W. Macartney .. Douglas Balnsford Colo .. Fawcett,J. it... Johnson Munthy.. Rede .. Mlddlemlss Total.. Total in 1864 . Total In 1S03 . Total in 1802 . j NEA SOUTH. WALKS. Slado .. Brownlow Lynch .. Baynor.. Sharp .. Stiong .. ?Wickham Phillips.. Smith .. Glennie ! MTotal.. Total In 1864 . Total In 1803 . Total In 1882 . 280 I sur 200 : 287 248 220 287 27fi I 302 204 1211 22B 221 210 214 213 209 203 207 200 203 1021 1712 U31 243 234 232 224 231 210 210 212 204 199 1904 1753 1495 i - MUSIC AND THE DRAMA. Tho re-opening of the Princess's Theatre Molbourne, after being closed for upwards of two years, has been tho principal evont in connexion with the drama this month. Prior . to the re-opening the thoatro had boon en- tirely re-modelled, and decorated in a chaste and olegant Btyle, Everything about the place, except the sholl of the building, Is now. The stage !B fifty- eight feot doep, and a good yiew of it can be obtained from any part of the dress circle, which is fitted up quite luxuriously. Tho sitting accommodation is sufficient for about 1,600 persons. Mr. James Simmonds is the manager, and the present company includes Miss Joey Gougenheim, Mrs. Alfred Phillips, Miss A. M. Quinn, Miss Earle, Mr. W. O'Noil, Mr. J. O. Hall, and other publio favourites. The open- ing night was on the 2nd of the mouth, and there was a crowded houBe on tho occasion. The pluys producod have included two or three favourite comedios, and the burlesque of "Ill-treated Trovatore." The hurlesque has proved a great hit, having been played every night. . At the two other temples of the drama in Melbourne-the Theatre Royal, and the Hoy market Theatre-the dramatic seasons wore brought to a close a week or two ago, to allow of a recess preparatory to the production of the entertainments lor the Christmas holi- days, At the Royal, "Arrah-na-Pogue" was . repeated on the closing night for the twenty eighth time. Mr. Hoskins, the lessee of the Haymarket Theatre, had a complimentary benefit on the last evening of the season at his theatre, and played Cornet Ollapod, In " The Poor Gentleman." Instead of a pantomine at the Royal this season, thoopara of " Oberon," for which the Lyster Opera Company have been engaged, is to be performed. It is said that tho opera is to bo produced with vory complete sconlo and mechanical adjuncts. During this visit of tho Lyster Opera Company, Mr. W. A. Richard- son, an English baritone, who is reputed to have a voice of rich quality, will make his debut in Australia, as Count di Luna in " II Trovatore." 'Lady Don, after performing a farewell engagement in Melbourne at the Haymarket Theatre, has proceeded to California, via Sydnoy. Her Australian tour was attended with marked success. Mr. J. C. Lambert and Mr. Charles Young, two eminent comedians, and lately members of the company of the Theatre Royal, are nbout to bring out an entertainment at the Polytechnic-hull,'entitled the "Savon Ages of Mau," illustrated bv characters taken from the works of Chin les Dickens. There have been no musical entertainments given here during the month willoh call for special moutlon, except the Orpheus Union's fourth conceit of tho soason, at St. Goorgo's hall, which was well patronised. To-night thB ''Messiah" ia to be performed by the Philharmonic Society. , Mi. and Mrs. Birch, who havo given a popular entertainment lu Melbourne and other parts of Australia during tho'laat two ,' yearp, have gone to China. They expeot to return to Victoria in about oighteen months' time. 'SPORTING. t, During tho past month tho annual race meetings Of Ballaiat, Bendigo, Smythesdale, a'rid Hamilton have been hold, but they were chiefly second class horses that competed for tho prizes, most of the best having bum re- * served for the Champion Meeting, on New Yéar'sDay. ThegronndswhcrehorsoBaregene nlly trained hore, as well as tho courses over whioh they race, havo boon BO fearfully hard, owing to the unusual dryness of the season, that several of the principal training stables havo had their primo favourites placed ¡ion dc,combat, and some of, them will scarcely have a single representative in any race on tho great day. Of tho twpnty eight originally entered for the Champion | Race, a sweap Btakes of 60 sovs"half forfeit, with 1,500 sovs. added ; thieo years; old. 7st lib., four years, 9st. ; five yeare^Ost. 01b ; six years and aged, 9Bt 181b : marda and goldings allowed 31b ; second horse to reçoive 100 sovs, and the third to eave Ide stake ; three miles; the fol- lowing only havo.accepted:- ' ' Mr W7 Town's b h Tarragon, »god, by Nan War rlor. ilr. V. Dow Hug's hr h Panic, aged, by Xlarm.' "Mr O O Skarratt us br g O K , aged, by Figaro < JHr. J Tait'» br h Volimlcor, agod / . Mr. J Talt'achg Taliojrand, aged, hj Cossack. 1 Mr. Vf. Field's br g Oadland, 4 i r«, hy Paulo i > ; Mr. Hurtlo Ft»hVa bro Angler, 3jrs, hyFishor tuan. . "?Mr. Hurlld Flshor's br t Lady Heron, 3 yrs, by Fisherman. > i t ¡ . , , . i (Mr. YUIUO'A bq D»j and Martin, 8 jfrs; by Mi.' Martin. ' '' ' i i I i -JMr. J. Talt'a hr f Clpv e, hy Magua. | ,, ,, . , ^ 'There are fifteen entries for the Grand Na- tional Steeplechase of 800 sovs, added to a sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each, and tho lût in- cludes tho narnia of almost all the best jump- ing nags'bi the colony. The other events have attracted a satisfactory uumbarfof no- minations. . ' " \- .Thtrer will ho a great cricket day on Tue3 day next (Boxing day), %\hon tbo Melbourne Cricket Club ground will be the scene of an intercolonial contest between our men and the best eleven that Sydney oan send to beat UB. Great preparations have been made for the reception of the visitors, and for the accom- modation of the public on the occasion. , Our team selected for the match is composed of the, following players, viz :-Wills, Conway, Fowler, O'Mullane, Gibson, .Phillips, Ree«, Kelly, Turner, Wilkie, and Greaves;, V7. Campbell being named as the emergency man. Mr.1 Hipwell will score, and Mr. Wlsden, a brother of the celebrated cricketer, will act as umpire. The Sydney cricketers, who arrived by the Wonga Wonga on Wednesday after- noon, were practising on Thursday on the Richmond ground The following is the Sydney team ;-Lawrence, Thompson, Caffyn, Cosstick, Hewitt, Gregory, Curtis, Oatley, Oliver, Jones, and Kelllck; Readett, emer- gency man ; Driver, umpire ; Martyn, scorer. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. THE MAILS. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's Royal mail steamship Bombay left Hobson's Bay with the mails for China, India, and Europe, at two o'clock on the afternoon of the 26th November-Captain Goss, admiralty agent, having arranged to wait two hours at the heads for tho supplementary mail from Sydney per steamship You Yangs. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's Royal mail steamship Madras, Captain A. B. Far- quhar, with the October mails from Europe for the colonies, left Galle on the 25th ulfc., three days beyoud hor contract time, having been delayed by the detention to the Golconda. She arrived at King George's Sound on the 11th inst., left there on tho following day, and, favoured by a strong south-westerly gale, passed Cape Otway at half-past two o'clock p.m. of the 17th, and came through the hoads shortly before nine p.m. It blew BO hard that she could not stop to bo cleared by the health officer, and proceeded up'the bay with a strong gale of wind from the south, arriving in Hob son's Bay about midnight. r STATE OF TRADE. Advices from China to 24th October, mention only the departure of the Mary Hamilton and li'rey, two vessels that have since arrived. The Ashburton was loading, and three vessels had beon chartered for the colonies, j At Calcutta, from which our dates reach to 7th ult, no vessel was loading and none had been despatched hence, nnd the Grand Condo, due here a month ago, was last heard of at Mauritius, which she had reached in a disabled state. Advices from Colombo to 23rd November state that the Mayotte was loading with 140 tons coffee, and would be despatched early in the month follow- ing. Accounts from Java give but- a poor prospect of the coffee crop in that island. Advices from New York, which aro to 11th October, state that 1,076 cases keroseno oil have been shipped for this port by the Akbar, from Boston, and 7,600 cases by the Oor- inga, from New York. Tho Westward Ho, loading, had 1,500 cases ou board, and tho Lord Lyndhurst, 4,000 cases. The Herman, for Sydney, had left with 3 ODO cases ; and the Queen of the Seas, for the same port, with 2,500 cases. Shipments of tobacco comprise 40,000lb., by the Akbar. The Ooringa had cleared with 349,7991b. Californian advices, to the ICth of October, Have created a firmer feeling in breadatnffs. Commercial credit has been well sustained, the only failure being that of a country brewer, with a deficiency of £1,700, on liabilities amounting to £9,600, EXCHANGE. The banks have raised the rate of exchange for sixty days' drafts on London to i per cent, premium, which, with few exception!), has, we believe, been firmly maintained. The high price of money in England, together with the shortcoming and quick despatch of the wool clip this season, may account for the rise, which in past years has not occurred at so early a poriod. MONET. Tho rates of interest and discount do not differ from last quotation, viz. ¡-Interest on deposits-thirty-days, three per cent, per annum ; three months, four und a half per cent, do.; six months, six to seven percent, do. DiBcountB.-Sixty-fivo days, eight nor cent. ; ninety-five days, nine per cent. ; 125 dayB, ten per cent. ; with exceptions for special instances. STOCK AND STATIONS. No improvement in the appearance of this description of ^property has been experienced since our last. The drought contiuues to ex- ercise a most injurious effect upon the value of all pastoral runs, Tho sales effected have been that of the Hayfield Station, in the Gipps Land district, together with about 10,000 acreB purchased land, and 4,000 head of cattle, the property of Mr. R. T. Firebrace, to Mr. James Tyson, for the sum of £60,000 everything on the station given in ; also, an unstookedrnnin the Murrumbidgee district, N.S.W., to Messrs. Bear and Morgan, at a satisfactory price ; and a station in the Mur- rumbidgee district, with frontage to the Tumut River, without stock, to Messrs. Beggs and Paris, at a satisfactory price-UBual terms. The Hurdle Creek Station, in the Beechworth district, with 700 hoad of cattle and 200 horses, at a satisfactory price, and on the usual terms. Mr. J. S. Carver, at Mack's Hotel, Geelong, sold the estate of Burambool, on the River Hopkins, five miles from Wick- liffe, to Mr. John Moffatt, together with 8,000 sheep, as under, viz.-the land at £2 13s. Gd. per acre, and the sheep at 9s. eacb. The Poxhall, Borongonoug, and Comaum stations, near Penola, with 8,802 sheep, at 23s. 3d. per head, to Mr. John Mackinnon usual terms. The purchaser has. in addition, to take 869 acres of land at 25s. per aoro, seventy head of cattle at £4 each, and twenty horses at £8 each, Tho Dotswood Station, in the Kennedy district, Queensland, was sold to Mr. W. Hoffmann, with 16.000 head of cattle, at satisfactory price aud terms. Messrs. Chapman and Huon's Buthorwah station, in the Billabong district, was placed with Messrs. Sumner and Faed, with 2,000 head of cattle, for £18,000. Terms-half cash ; halauce, one, two, and three years. THE WOOL SALES. Tho sales of wool continue to be conducted with regularity. Daring the month, the brokers in Molbourno offered 25,818 bales, of which 14,503 bales were sold, including some 2,176 bales disposed of at Geelong Tho prices realised ranged from 74d. to 13ïd. for greasy, 16d. to 23}d. for flecco, and lá|d. to 25d. for ecoured. MeEsis. Goldsbrough and Co. state that tho numberof bales sold to date exceed those of previous years. UNITS OE ENTRV. The following units of entry aro now in force :- / BATH TWOI'ENCK. Unit of Entry. Arms and ammunition («hot) .. .. 6 cwt. Ámenle . G cwt. Asplin] to. 1 ton. Bark .. .. ,. . 1 ton. Beor, bottled . 3 naukngos. So,hulk. lhogshoad. Tloiios . 1 ton. Tiran. 10 bags. Bricks . 1,000 No. CarrlBgos,and carts (matorlals), follóos 1,000 No. Casks, empty ,. ,. .. .. 4 No. Cement . lton. Chaff. lton. Chicory . 6 ewt. Cider and porry. .. 8 packages. Conl. 6 tons. Coffee. .. S cwt. Coko and fuel. 1 ton. Copper .B cwt. Cordage . 10 owt. Flax .. .. ... lton. ' Flour. ,. lton. < Fruit, groon .> ,. 20 packages. Grain, viz. :? Boan8,uml peas. 40 bushels. Barloy .. ... 40 bushels.' Dlioll .' .. 40 bushels.' Grain . 40 biuhols. Malro .. ;. ..40 bushell. Malt .. .. i. 40 hushols. Oats . 40 busheb. Slco ., . 1 toa. Wheat . 40 hushols. Other grain . 40 bushels. Guano ,, .. ,. lton. Gum. '. 1 ton. Hay.. .. i .. .. lton. Hide.- .. ., ,.' .. 100 No. Hops,. .. .. .. .. "" .. 6 cwt. Horns and hoofs ... 1,000 No. 'al leo. '.. .. lton. ,ve Iron, vii. : Bar a ml rod . .. lton. Castings .. ?.. '.. lion. , Galvanized . lton. . Hoop .( .. lton. Pig. .. .. .. lton. ' Pipes .' .. lton. Sheet . lton. 'Wiro '. lton. , ilTJndoscribod . .. 'lion. Load, >lz.: Sheet . lton. ,Ftue . ltoa. Leather . 6 owt. Linio'.1. ' '..' ., '. 20 bags. Live stock, viz. : Ilornod cattlo ., ,. .. .. 10 No. ¡,Horton. .. 10 No. ,,Doqr , ,. 10 No. Uga ,. 20 No. Dog» . '.., .. .., .." .. -20 No. " 1 li Ki-it i J) , ! ,T I Moa!, viz. :- Unit of Entry. Earley .lton. Oom .lton. Linseed.lton. Oat .lton. Bve ..1 ton. Undoscnbcd .'lton. Metal (yellow) .6 cvrt. Nails and screws.0 owt. Kapil Urn, oil, or turpentine .. .. 20 gal. Muts (cocoa) .SOO No. Oars.SO No. Onions ., . ,.. lton. Opium ..' " 901b. Paints . ?",. '5 owt. Pipes (drain) .100 No. Potatoes .lton. Powder . .*. .. 2cvvt. Quarti: .. ... lton. Quicksilver.. ., .Bcwt. lines. .. .. lton. Ballway materials or machinery .. 1 ton. Saltpetre,.lOcvvt. Skins.,.. 100 No. Slates .. ,. .. 1,000 No. Spirit», viz :- ' ' Brandy.5 cases, or in hulk 25 gal. Gin.5 cases, or in bulk 25 gal. Kum .. '.. ' .. 5 casos, or in bulk 25 gal. Whiskey.5 cases, or in bulk 25 gal. Steol .. '., 5 owt. Stone- t Building.lton. GrindBtonos .lton. Mill .lton. Pavinpr. .< lton. Sugar, viz. ; Kaw .Eowt. Boflned.6owt. TJndescrlbed .6 owt. Tea.841b. Timher, viz. : Deals .25 No. Laths .6,000 No. Logs .5 No. Palings.2,500 No. Ports and rails.600 No. Shingles.5,000 No. Spars .5 No. Planks.100 No. Pickets.5,000No. Piles .fiNo. Dress boards.500 No. Rough boaida.500 No. Scantling.500 No. Staves .500 No. Tin.5cwt. Tin oro .. .. .lton. Tobacco .Ccwt. Do cigars.1001b. Whiting .. .. .. .. .. lton. Wino.6 oases, or In bulk 25 gal. Zlno.lton. Dried and preserved fruits and vege- tables, nuts of all kinds (o\cont cocoa nuts), butter, cheeeo, candles, bacon, lara, hams, starch, soap, con- fectionery, biscuit«, comfits, sweot metits, Buceados, jams, macaroni, vermicelli, maizena, presen ed moats, i and fisk.1 cwt. Salt.5 cwt. Vinegar .25 gallons. Varnish .10 gallons. Cocoa and ohocolato .. . .. 1 cwt. Salted provisions, including fish, not otherwise enumerated.6 owt. Doora .G No. Window sashes .. .. .. .. 6 No. Packages and parcels, not adjusted In the above tablo by vvoight, measure, or otherwise .. .. .. .. Each. Goods in bulk, not adjusted or included in tho ahovo labio, tho ton weight or mcosuromont.Each. And tho Hon. Jamos Goodall Francis, Her Majesty's Commissioner of Trado and Customs for Victoria, shall give tho necessary directions horeln accordingly. ACTIONS UNDBB THE TAOTïT. In Stevenson v. The Queen, and nine other tariff rases, tho nonsuit point reserved at the trial was determined on the 7th of this month. The Court held that the action for the duties exacted to recover them back as money had and received could he brought under the act enabling sub jects to sue the Crown on contracts entered into on her behalf by the local Government. Judgment was, therefore, given for the suppli- ants on this the only point reserved for the Crown in the tariff actions« In the Supreme Court, on tho Saturday fol- lowing, a separate application was made on be- half ot the Crown, in each of the various tariff actions, for leave to appeal under thestatute for facllitatingappeals to thePrivy Council. Ia two of the caseB where the verdict was nnder £600, leavo to'appeal was refased. As to the other cases, the Court said that the same points were involved in all. If tho Crown would abandon the separata applications, and consolidate them all into one on the whole of the points involved, and also pay the amount of the verdict in each case, taking security for a return of the money If the anpeal were successful, the Court would grant a consolidated appeal. ^ The Crown refused to accept theso terms. The application for leave to appeal under the statute was therefore refused. NEW INVENTIONS. Several gentlemen were invited, on the 4th of this month, to inspect che model of a pump worked by a new motive power, the inven- tion of Mr. Qeorge Dunn, of Market Btreet Emerald-hill. The new pump can bo used «a 1 a simple or double acting pressure engine ; but the novelty claimed by Mr. Dunn is I the use of water, not only hy its statical pressure, but also in its gravitating descent from the engine, by means of a vacuum made behind the piston. The piston is pressed backwards and forwards alternately by water and atmospheric air, so that two strokes of tho piston are obtained hy the ex- penditure of one volume of water. Another advantago is, that the engine can be placed on the same level with the source of the supply, and the machinery is so constructed that the water in its possago to a lower level gives a power on the plBton equivalent to that due to its vertical descent from the uppor to tho lower level, less that of friction. The engine is also capable of boing worked above the levels of supply and discharge. The feed and discharge pipes with which it is fitted then act liko the two arms of a syphon, and the power duo to the descent of a volumo of water from a higher to a lower level is intercepted and utilised by tho engine piston. The engine is fitted with two pipes a short ono as a feeder, with a long one as a discharge pipe ; a vacuum is formed by means of valves at the extremities of the pipes ; and the motivo power is proportioned to the length of the arm or feeding pipe, the power diminishing as tbo levels are equalised. Mr. Dunn believes that his patent will be success- fully applied in several dlfforent ways ; and that its agency will be found especially useful < In mining, its inoxpensivoness in comparison with steam machinery being a great recom- mendation. ' ona GRAVING DOCK, The graving dock now constructing at Williamstown, adjoining tbo Government patent slip, will be a most remarkable work, not only as tho largest and best of ita kind in the southern hemisphere, but it might bo said in the whole eastern world ; moreover, as will be shown, it will be an important feature in the defonceB of the British dependencies in Australasia. Completo it will bo 450 feet long, eighty foot across in tho oloar, and fifty feet acroBB at tho bottom. It will take vessels of thiity feet draught of water, and those of over thirty-two feet would scarcely be able to find an entrance to the harbour at all. Thus, the dook will recelvo the largeBt vessels now built, excepting, of course, the Groat lïaBtem. A great object has been to pro- vide a dock into which Her Majesty's war irou-clads could be token, for at pre- sent the bettor class of these floating defences could be received neither-as wa aro informed -at Oalcntta, China, Sydney, nor any other poit within that rather vridoECopo. So we are actually making provision for the recep- tion of means of defence which could not otheiwiso bo Bent us. H.M.SS. Warrior, which measures 800 feet in length, draws twenty-dx feet of water empty-i.e., without h*r guns and coals-will ho capable of recep- tion in our graving dook. At present, only about one-fourth of the undertaking has been commenced. The contract WSB taken by T. Glaister and Co., for £23,000. It was com- menced in October, 18G4, and will be finished by about tho ond of January noxt. TUE MAI!, CONTItAOTS, All tho colonies now unite in ono voice of condemnation of the disgraceful manner In which the Peninsular and Oriental Company perform their contract. The Adelaide Re aister of the 11th Inst/, commenting upon the uon-nrrival of the English mail, says that during the last two years the steamers of the Peninsular and Oriental Company have been eighty-two dajB behind, and that the com- pany ought therefore to be held liable for about £10.000 penalties; that the company cnunot, or will not, perform tho service effectually, and that the Bervlce will never bo satisfactorily done till a colonial company has been formed to undertake the coutraot. Mr. John Tuthill Bagot, solicitor, wroto a sensible letter to the Register, in which, he re- commended a conference of the Australian Governments to discuss the propriety of ter- minating the contract, and entering into an engagement for the conveyance of the maila with the Fionch company. Another motion has been tabled in the Legislative Council, condemnatory of the Peninsular and Oriental Steumtihtp Company, whose irrenuUritie* are termed in tho motion " an intolerable griev- ance." In tho meantimo the Queensland Govern- ment have taken the initiative in adopting the nt cessai} step« for providing a substituto against the irregularities complained of, having chattered the s.u. Sonohay», so favour- ably known In the New Zealand trade, and owned bj Messrs. Woodville. Jarrott, and Oo, of this city, for a period of twelve month.;, from 1st January mi., for the performance of the mail service between Port Donison (Queensland) and Koepang (Island of Timor) via Torres Straits. At ¡voepang, the Aus- tralian., steamer will .connect with one of the new boats subsidised by the Dutch \3overnment,, and running between Timor and Singapore ; ^ but it is intended ulti- mately to extend the voyage to Batavia and Singapore, so as to connect with the P. and 0. Company's line thonce to Galle. It would thuBgseem that, after all, we are to he indebted to the youngest colony of the group for providing us with an efficient check upon the P. and O. Company, ond with a regular and more rapid means of communication with Java, Manilla, and China. The experi- ment which the colony of Queensland is now making ia deserving of the warmest support of all the colonies, and it is to be hoped that ne local jealousies will interfere to) frustrate the permanent establishment of a service of such general advantage, THE HELD0U11NE ASH HOBSOIl'S BAY ItAILWAY. The following report and balance-sheet of | the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Eailway Company wai submitted at the half-yearly 'meeting, held a few days ago : " Tho directors, in presenting tho shareholders with tho closing report of the allulla of tho Melbourne aud Hobson's Bay Ballway Company, must necessarily be brief in thoir statomonts, as tho first report of the United Bailway Company, already in circulation among tho proprietary, has anticipated to a great extent li hat may be regarded as the history of tho' Hobson's Bay Ballway Company for tho period. The St. Kilda and Brighton Ballway Sale Act, the Amal- gamation Act, and tho Hobson's Bay Bailway Act Amendment Act, all received the Royal assont on the 15th Juno, and tho Amalgamation Act carno into opera- tion on tho 30th of tho darno month, on which day tho Hobson'« Bay and tho Melbourne Ballway Companies wereamalgamnted, under the nauio of ' Tho Mulbourno and Hobson's Bay United Railway Company,' and on tholstofSoptomberthe United Company purchasod tho St. Kilda and Brighton Ballway Company's under- taking. Thobalanco of traffic receipts ending 29th Juno, after payment uf working exponses and interest on dobouturos, amounts to £4,267 IG*. lOd. The director« tborofore declaro a divldond of ouo por cent., leaving a balance of £267 16s. lOd. to meet any contingency that may ariso hereafter. Tho company has paid in divldonds alnco its formation the sum of £67 2s. Od. upon oiery original £60 share, being at the rate of 10] por cent, upon tho share capital of tho company, one-fifth of which is still hold by original shareholders. Tho halanco of tho resonó fund, amounting to £10,45611s. Cd., together with £5,E4110a. paid by the Molbourno Ballway Company, In accordance with sec- tion 0 sf tho act of amalgamation, now forms tho rosen o fund of the united company. STATKIIKM OK OAI'ITAII ACCOUNT, AT 20m JUKE, 1805. nECBllTS. Original capital, £200,000 in £60 sharos £200,000 0 0 Additional do., £6O,O»0 In do. do. .. <>O,000 0 0 Additional do., £160,01)0 in do. do. .. 160,000 0 0 'Dobonturo bonds £100,000, each £100 100,000 0 0 Trauilur fCOB . 25 7 0 Interest on arrears of calls .. .. St 1 i £500,415 14 5 KVPBVMTURB. To amount expended, as psrstatement for last half-year Sandridgo lino .£388,078 10 0 St. Kilda line .11S.8S5 4 0 £502,503 15 8 GBNI.RAI, BALANCE SUKKT, AT 30TH NOVJBMBKR, 1805. To receipts, as per capi- tal statement ..£500,415 14 G To amount taken out of reserve fund ,. 2,143 0 10 -£502,508 16 3 Torovontio .. ... 4,287 10 10 To sundry claims against the company 130 14 3 £508,083 0 i By expenditure, as per capital state- ment .£502,583 16 8 By Bank of Viotoria. 203 8 5 By Bank of Victoria deposit .. .. 4,030 2 8 Bysuudry claims due to the company 116 0 0 £500,983 0 1 RAILWAY TRAFMO. The following is a statement of the trank returns of the Victorian Government lines of railway, and of tho Melbourne and Hobson's Hay United Railway Company's lines, for the month of November: i»«s songors. Total. I £ s.d. ' Coi cnimont lines 20,08217 9 Molbourno andi Hobson's Bayl United Co. ..| 8,07718 0 & a. d 30,307 7 111 3,402 3 li £ s.d. 05,180 5 8 12,070 1 1 The total number of passengers conveyod during the month on the Government lines of railway was 119,427, and on tho Melbourne and Ilobson's Bay United .Railway, for the same period, 228,371. INTEBCOMNIAL EXHIBITION. \- The Intercolonial Exhibition, to be hold in Melbourne in August, 1866, promises to be- come a great success. At a meeting of the 1 commissioners, held 11th December, the seoro ' tary's progress report was read, of which tho following is an abstract :-" Tho principal business done since the last meeting has been of a preliminary kind. Between the printer and the stationer, my time has beon chiefly occupied, and there is yet much to be done before the project can be considered as tboioughly placed before tho public. Ar- rangements have been mado for giving a short advertisement to overy newspaper published in Victoria ; and I am following this up by preparing to supply tho press with such in- formation ns will procure for us the same liberal support, by loading articles and favourable notices, as was given to the Ex- hibition of 1861. In the course of a wook or two our placards and other papers will be seen in every township in Victoria, and similar placards will b» forthwith sent to the other colonies. Prom the inquiries ulroady made, and the general tone of the public with regard to the project, I am fully satisfied that 1 the exhibition will assume such proportions as will render tho prcsont building totally in- adequate for the purposes ia view. I am I happy to state that the committee of the j Beechworth Museum have promptly volun- teered their assistance, and as on tho last occasion the collection from Beechworth was the most complete of any forwarded to Mel- bourne, it is gratifying to find the local autho- rities again ready to support us." NEW BANKING COMPANIES. Branches of the Bank of Adelaide wore opened at Melbourne, Sydney, and london on Monday, 11th inst It is probable that in a very brief period the banking facilities of this colony will bo increased by the establishment of the Com 'lnircial Bank of Victoria, a colonial sohomo which has for somo short time past been quietly making progress towards maturity. MELBOURNE WHOLESALE PßICES OUBKENT. For.tho größter portion of tho period over which our review oxtonds, a fair amount of business has been done in the markets. The abandonment, early In the month, by tho Government of tholr intention of imposing dutloi under tho Units of Entry Act, and their return again to the duties In exlstonco undor tho old tariff, at onco impartod a healthy and im- proved tone to trado generally; and the scarcity of many goods aJTootod by tho numerous changes In the tariff has been such as to prevent any alteration In prices, tho samo rutea being obtained now for many arlicloa, and ovon more, as wero current previous to tho aboli- tion of tho duties. Bulk and bottled ales have only been moved off slowly, lu bottlod stout a further advance has hoon established. In cornsacks consider- able speculative purchnsos woro modo in anticipation of favourable advices from homo. Candles have' also Increased largely In value. The reduction ia atocles of collée lias led to higher rates for this produol. Dried fruits havo all boen in request al au advanoo on last mouth's quotations. In breadstuff» woihavoto notolittlo chango'in Adelaide llour, buta roduction In Chilian and Californian wheat and flour lod to large sales of theeo, after which the prices of wheal again improved. litaize has been largely dealt In, and an advance of lOd established during the month. Sales of new hops have been made at from 2s. to 2s. id. Malt has boon quiet ; advlcua by tho mail, hovvovor, have raised its value fully Is. por bunhel. Metals havo mot with fair nttontlon. Al) provisions aro scarco, and realiso ex- treme rates. Quicksilver Is lower. OverSU.uoo bags of sugar havo been placed with tho trade. Teas have benn ver; fully represented In the month's trausac lions. Tho Oltallno'sand Java's cargoes of deals woro placed at bettor prices than last reported. Tobaojoos have quietly and steadily been quitted. Wines and »pirita have figured monly in the auction sales, with the exception of Geneva, of which «poculatlvo pur- chasers cleared off nearly 30,000 casea, aud higher prices have since been sought to be established. , Ale and Stout_The market for bulk alo has been characterised throughout tho month by want of ani- mation, no business having como undor our notice but such as was necessary to moot trado requirements, and even that much only in favourite brands ; in oilier descriptions, however, as the season approaches towards a close, and importers do not caro to be caught with stock» of old on baud, moro ondoav-urs have been used to get rid of quantities through the auction mart rather tliui the ordinary channels. Pass's alo baa met with but indifferent notice at £0 St. to £0 10s. For Allsopp's, £0 to £8 6s. was realized In small lots, but during the month ono or two heavy lots have been quitted at auction ; about a fortnight ago nomo 176 linds, realised £5 10s. to £5 12*. Od., and during tho prosont week aUkoquantity was alsooffcred, without finding a buyer ; subsequently, however, 100 hhda. were placed at £0. A fair trade inquiry has bum experienced forilurriau'a, at £7 ; uud yesterday. In addillou, aoinu 160 hlids. were placed for shlptnont at » figure sustululng this quotation. Toe demand for the Carlisle Company's has been met by free sales at £0 16«. to £7. Owing to stocks of Um Colunia! Company's ale having become exhausted, little busi- ness bas transpired, though, from the inquirís» that have been made during the month, it Is evident this brand is nuking good program in the cstlmttion of tho dealers. Any sales effected have beca at £510s. I The other marks, such as Joule's, Dawson's, Young er"s, &c.;, have not como so prominently under our notice, transactions In these having boen extremely insignificant. In bulk stouts, salos have koon effected only in moderate lots. On the wholo, prices havo boen maintained at last month's quotation!, though loss money would willingly ba aceeptod by most hold- ers to induct) larger transactions, but with lho excep- tion of Taylor, Walker, and Co.'s, on which a concession led to a tew parcels having been taken up for export at £0 16s., and a shade under, nothing worth special mention has takon place. Whitbread'» has boon sold at- £7. Sales of the Artillery Brewery Company's hove boen offeclod at £7, and for Sir Honry Moux and Co.'s £6 15s. has been accepted. Bottled aloa have met with but ordinary trade inquiry ; the demand this year, however, has clearly boon under tho ave- rage. Tonnant'» has been quitted at 9s. Od. to 10s., according to quantity. For Blood's, 9i. Od. to 10s. is likewiso required. For Airol's, wo quoto Os. Od. to Os. Od. Prestonpan's and Muirs Seotoh ales have, to prevent stocks accumulating, boon placed with tho trade on arrival at 9s. Od. to (K 9d. Bass's triangle has ringed from 9s. 3d. toOi. Od. Sales of Allsopp'« havo been made, according to bottler, at from 9s. for Bdmond's to 9s. for names better known. For Aitken'» wo quoto 9s. ; and for the Burton Browory Company's, 8s. 9d. to 9s. is obtained. In small lots the Co- lonial Cojnpanj'a has been quitted at 7s. 6d., though a parcel ot 700 cases, placed in one line, could not bo sold without the concession of a reduction in that figure. Bottled stouts havo boon Ia oxtonslvo demand, and the quantity coming forward having E roved very short of requirements, adrancod rates avo been realised. Edmund's pig stout has gone up to 10i. Od., at which sales have boon ruado. For Henry White and Co.'s there aro eagor purchasers at 10s. 0d. Blood s comos forward too sloivly to satisfy the wants of dealers ; 10s. 3d. can bo obtained for largo quantities. Mackie and Gladstouo'a is also wanted at 10a, 3d. Theprlcoof Maohon's has been advanced to 10s. and 10s. 3d., but sales, notwith- standing, koop pace with former months. Arrol's Is saleable at Ils. Oil. to 10s. Wo have not heard of trans- actions in Byass's, a brand much ivantod for tho Now Zealand market ; over Ss. 3d. to 8s, 4M. in bond, and 0s. 6d. duty paid, has been obtained, though of late Importers rofuso to accept under 8s. 9d. in bond, and somo ask ns high as 10s., duty paid. For Bridge's and Hlbbort'a wo quoto 0s. Od. Tho Colonial Company's, in very much improved condition, has recently boon sold to some extent at 9s, 3d. for double stout. Bagging.-In anticipation of an improvement after the receipt ol horne letters, a considerable speculative demand for comsacks sprang up in tho middle of tho month ; and besides smaller outside parcels, betweon 400 and £00 bales changed hands at prices ranging from 14s. to 14s. 3d., after which tho articlo remained quiet; but when tho mail was telegraphed, holders refused, undor the influence of advices, to name any prico. Subsequently, the market settled down to 10s., thsugh no transactions havo yet been effected at that rate. The season for woolpacks having passed ovor, theso have not participated in this Improvement. Thero are sellers at Ss. lOjd. to 4s. Gunnies do not yet command attention ; thoro aro holders who will sell at Ds. Od., though some will not quit at anything near this. Candles.-Operations in this market likowlso anti- cipated the advance which has subsequently been established, 'In tho beginning of the mouth, the Neva Stearlno Company announced a riso in tholr brand to 13d., tho rosult of an active Inquiry for other brands at from lid. to lljd.; subsequently, Bolmont3, purchased at lljd., wore re-sold atl2Jd. to 122d. The following week, at auction, Bolmont lib. sold at Is. ; Exhibition, full weights, realised 12jd. ; Ogloby's, Gib. packotn, woro quitted at ll}d. to llSd. ; IJalei's brought Is. to Is. Old. ; paraffin, Is. öd. to la. 8d. One shipment of Bolmont brought 12d. 1-10. ; 0S0 boxes lib. were likewise disposed of at 12¡d, and 4,000 boxes foreign candles changed hands In one liuo at a price withheld, but said to bo 12d. por lb. In the early part of last woek, pendine: rocoipt of European advices, nothing transpired in the market, with tho exception of tho sale of Ogloby's at auction, on Tuesday, whon 01b. packots woro quitted at lljd. to 113Ü. On Saturday, however, tho advices tele- graphed led to the disposal of Belrnonts at 13d. About 6,000 boxes 'Uno foreign wore also resold on speculation, at 18d. Several parcels of tho Neva Com- pany's woro placed at 13d., and tbo price was after- wards raised to ISJd. ; and, altogether, a feeling Is entertained that aid. or 2d. will not cover the advance which will yet be roahscd, ospoclally as stocks hold outsldo tho Neva Company's are trifling, and ship- ments coming forward do not oxceod lorty tons. Cement.-Little or no alteration lui taken place in PortUnd, for though stocks have boon rathor consi- derably augmented, these supplies having been in- dented by traders, have not as yot Influonccd prices unfavourably, and prices havo ruled throughout tho month at about 17s. to 17s. 3d. American plaster baa boon also maintained at 13s. to 13s, Od., though wo havo no sales to notice. Chemicals have generally mot with little inquiry, and havo only bee» disposed of in moderate lots. Soda crystals have fluctuated from £1010s. down to £10, but aro now again firm at £1010s. to £10 15s. Ouustlo soda lias Leon lualutauied at £21 to £2110s. Carbonato of soda lins had far loss notice than tho advanced season warrants ; wo quote £15 to £17, according to quantity. Flour of Sulphur,-the only article on which a decided improvement can be re- ported-has gone up to £23 for shipments, and trado parcels havo boon quitted as high as £30. At the rates now established for tinned opium, 21s. to 22s., thofbusincss done is not large. Holders, however, are firm at quotations. Tartaric acid moots with ' 1 buyers at 2s., and cream of tartar rc-ilises 1B. 4ld. to Is. Cd. i Chicory.-A vory moderate amount of business' continues to bo done in this markot at 3Jd. to 3Jd., in bond, for best brands-a slight advance as com- pared with the closing rates of last mouth. Coffee.-Stocks of plantation as well as nativo coffees having become exhausted, and entirely cleared out of the hands of importers, attention has boon directed towards Manilla, a description usually un- saleable in this market, and some seventy to eighty tons have changed hands on private terni! ; and sinco, wo understand, a fair portion of tho same - has been placod with the trado at SJd. Plantation has risen to 13d,, and Uno samples of, Java could bo placed at lid. to lljd. The ¡Mayotto is advised by this, mall as coming forward from Ceylon, ivlth uotons. ' Advices from Java give a poor report of tho crop there. Colic.-Consignments, as thoy corns to hand, con- tinuo to meet with ready 'purchasers, at full ratos. Two ehipmonts, amounting to ninety tons, were placed last wock at £6 lu tho bay, and this week some fifty tons changed hands, to land, nt £512s. Od. in town. Confectionery.-Tho abatiuonnlont of the duties on these goods has led to an incroased trade, and con stdorablo sales of Kioilor's assorted confections havo been made at 9Jd. down to 0Jd., the rates most recently accepted ; for Wothorspooü's wo quote OJd. to lOd. Jujubes havo ruled at ll£d. tol2d. Sugarod almonds have been sold at 93d., and sugar-candy at 8Jd.~ Orange-pool has boon quitted at lid, ; lomon-peel at lljd. ; assorted at 1B. ; and citron-peel at Is. 2Jd. Cordago.-Supplies direct from Manilla havo not boon largo, nor havo shipments of Europe-made Manilla come very freely forward ; tho trado demand ho«, in conbcnuenco, boen met by sales ol colonial manufactured at £60 to £62, according to quantity and proportions of small sizes. Tha few shipments of Islo of Man mako that havo dropped in havo found ' buyers at £18 for ono to four Inch size. Flat rope has mot with but indifferent noilco at £60 to £06. Sales of common Europo tarred ropo have bsen mads at as low ns £83 10s., from which to £38 the views of holders generally rar.go. Fino Russian ropo is quoted £50, but tbo article is exceedingly slow of sale, and at auction as low as £12 has boon accepted for what was described as Russian bolt ropo. Bongal linos, though net in largo supply, do not bring over £87 IO», to £38. Seaming twines have beon in good requost at 12jd. to 13d. Shop twine has boon sold at Is. 2d. Fish.-Trade in this market, iuliuoncod by want of supplies, has not been extensive, though a vory active Inquiry has been maintained throughout the month. Ling, when the duty was in existence, was sold, to arrive, at 5d., but since, importers have refused to tafeo undor Od., a demand which Is readily enough conceded. Sardines have beon in request for ship- ment. Sales ot quarters havo boon olfoutod a» high us Gs. Cd. and 6s. 7Jd., and halves have realised 11s. 0d. to 12s. lib. salmon has boen placed at 16\i.6d. to 17s. lib. herrings have boon sold at 7». 3d. to 7'. Od. Bod her- ring fjo steadily Into consumption at 25). 8d. to28s. Lobsters aro linn at Os. 3d., and oystors realise 10s. 3d Fruits,-All descriptions of dried fruits have shown a rlBlng tendency. CurrantB havoitouohed 0 W. and 03d. at which figures salos are effected. Muscatel raising have been in good request at 8d. to Sid., and a farthing higher ia now required. Sultanas havo re- mained steady' at 7d. in bond. Elcmo raisins bave boen held for Old., in bond, though lato sales at auction Bhoir a declino on this prico. Capo have been sold at Old. and «id., duty pild. Figs havo beon wanted, but thoro have beeu none offering. Dried apples havo boen Bold at ed. down to 4Jd. In bond. Plums hi barrels have boon quitted at 3Jd. to 4d. French plums, in jars, havo brought In. Id., and in fancy boxoa, Is. 7Jd. Soft-sholl almonds havo been placed at 7-¡ti. ; and Barcelona nuts, at 4í¡d. to 6d. Furniture.-At auction, about lho oommoncomont of the month, 870 casos American chairs, of Walter Heywood Chair Company's mako, realised tho fol- lowing prlcos :-Washington wood brought 42s. per dozen ; children's low wood, 3i. Gd. each ; do., high, 4s. Od. ; do. low cane, 4s. ; Lafayette, cane, roallsod 6s, Od. each ; Filmoro, striped, 6s. Od. each ; do., li-ht, 0s. each; Filmoro, mahogany, Cs. IM. each ; Washington, cane, 5s. Sd. each ; Union, oak, 8s. each ; cane, rocking, 10s. each. William Heywood- Webster wood, 3s. each ¡ Quincy wood, 3s, 5d. each: Pierce's-Ladies' oak dining, 9s, each; floral wood, 3s. Flour and Grain.-Tho market for breadstuff's throughout the month has presented few interesting features. On South Australian Hour little change has occurred ; It was not, however, till a considerable reduc- tion In wheat had boon submitted to that tho largor dealers and millers, though completely put of stock, could bo induced tojiurchuso the several cargóos of foreign wheat and flour offering, after which tho markot settled down, the business done being limited toBupplying trade requirements at very much improvod iirices, though It is not likely that the rates ruling ast month will again be reached for a long time to como. In the week ending 4lh'lnst.,the A. J. Ramos unexpectedly dropped in with a cargo of 25Ö tons Chilian flour, which was immediately placod at about £21 10s,, a figure at that tuno considered low. In the same week the Charlotte Andrew», with 500 tons wheat, arrlvod from Chill, and tho Silas Fish, with 20,000 bushels wheat aud 400 tons flour. Tho for- mer was stored; the latter waa offered for sale privately, but hung on tho market for somo short timo. At thia period, also, later dates from Chill, to tho 18th Soptembor, were received via Auckland, por Orito, which had arrived there with 400 tons breadstuffs from Valparaiso. The Medora, with 650 tons of wheat and flour for these colonies, was then stated to be ready for sea. The ship Chepica was loading for Sydney. The brig Alfred Ray, and a vessel supposed to be the Emily Allison, sailed previously for New Zealand. The Lota, Albert, William, Bogola, Anna Catbarina, and the Witch of the Tees, had arrived from Australia. The markets were very dull, and there was small demand for ship- ments to Australia. Valparaiso quotations were:-For flour, Southern, $5 to $5.25 ; Santiago, $5.50. to 5dol. 75c. ; wheat, 2dol. 75c. to 2doI. 874c. In stout bags. From California no additional information regard- ing the markets was received, though the telegrams from Sydney on Wednesday, the 29th ulL, reported the arrival thereof the Australind with 800 tons brcadstuffs. Tho following week; ending 11th Instant, business openod out by sales of 3,500 bushels of the Centaur's wheat, at, it was stated, 9s. per bushel, while some 5,000 bushels Adelaide realised 9s. 04. On Tuesday, 5th instant, the day following, owing to the large willora having boon forced to enter the market, the whole of the Silas Fish's cargo of wheat aud flour changed hands to one buyer, on terms then kept prl vate; but the wheat, which consisted of 20,000 husliols, was subsequently stated to have realised 8s. Od. ; and the (lour, about SOO tons,'brought £22. Previous to this, the auction sale of Adelaldo flour, offered saino day, resulted In better prices being realised than It wso supposed, from tho position of tho market, could he obtained, and thus groator coufidonco was Imparted to oporalors. 110 tons wore disposed of at £2315s'. to £54 10s. for Adelaide town brands. Chilian, in faulty v condition, was sold at £1412a..Od. to £16/ On tho 0th -December, 4,000"bnshols Ado|aido"Vheat woro quitted at 0s. 8d,, nud n couplo of thousand buihels of Chilian at 8B. Od. ; since which some 10,000 bushols Adelaldo wheat wore disposed of, In lots,\ at Os. 3d., and some 0,000bufhols Chilian ot&f.Od.; Of thoformorthe market has sines become bare, and, in consoquonco, holders of South Amorican havo realised 0s. to Os. 3d. for all sold. Tcligrams from Sydnoy on the Bth of this month, re- ported the arrival there of the Marian, from San Francisco, with 625 tons of wheat. The Othello, with 420 tons, was stated to bo then at Sydnoy Heads. The Marian sailed on the 30th of September, In com- pany with tbo Mary Hicks, for Melbourne. Tho latter was Bald to bave on board a cargo of 050 tons. Sho left the barque Coya and brig Jolly loading for this port, and tbo Day Dawn uncertain vvhothor to load lumber or wheat. The Californian markets wore firm. Flour was at 6doI, 75c. to Odol. 60c. ; whoat, Idol. 70c. to Idol. OOc. ; barloy, Idol. ; oats, Idol. 40c, It was further stated that 20,000 tons Chilian flour would come forward this season. During the last ten days little of special importance has transpired, and prices havo remained unaltered, viz., AdeWde «our, £24 to £24 10s. ! Chilian, £2110s. ; and Califor- nian, £2210s. ; Chilian wheat, 9a. to 9s. 3d ; and South Australian, 9s. Od. to 10s. On the 10th Instant tho Othello, from Sydney, cleared for this market with 8,C0O sacks flour and 6,730 bags wheat-a por- tion of her original cargo from California. In tho afternoon of Monday, the lStli, tho arrival at Sydney of tho Coya, from California, with 0,52,1 bags wheat and 14,853 bags flour, was announced. This vessel brought dates from San Francisco to 15th October, advising an advance lu price. Flour was then quoted 7dol. There was no vessel loading for Melbourno, and nono had left for some time previous-tho Jolly being tho only vessel which had sailed for Naiv louth Wales ; tho Berengaria aud the Union woro reported as tho only ones loading for tho samo quarter (M.S. Vf.). Tho arrival here ol the Mary Hicks, from San Fran- cisco, was telegraphed from tho Heads tho samo after- noon. Har cargo consisted of 12,43» bags of whoat, but her dates only reachod to 30th September.. 5,000 bushels of this latter cargo have sinon changed hands at about 9s. to 9s. 3d., aud most of tho Charlotte An drows's has also been placed. In foodlng grains a large trade has been done. Maize was drooping when our last report was despatched, and fell to 4s. Od, ; aftor which a reaction set in, and prices havo continually risen until 5s. 3d. to 5s, 4d. has boon touched, ut which there is a good demand experienced. Colonial oats havo boen In request at 6s. Od. to fis. Od., at which thero is a steady trado douo. Colonial oatmeal has realised £31 to £32, and Scotch poarl barley has boon sold at £'24 to £25. i Gunpowder.-This market boa boen very depressed, owing to heavy stocks and the largo shlpmoutscoming forward, but has been saved from utter prostration by the very" tattsloctory trado demand experienced throughout the mouth, though pricos ruling have been tar from satisfactory. These have rangod from Od. to Ojjd. and 7d. Hops.-Tho present month aces tho last of tht old crop almost clcarod off, and the first of tho new como to hand. The month commenced with sales of Qold lug's, to the extent of 120 pockets, at about 2s. 2d., wnde medium qualities found buyers at 2s. Mew '06's wore also placed In lots to arrivo at 2a. 4d., and sales to tho extent of somo 200 pockots wero mado on private terms. As ihcuiouth advanced, however, and holders became anxious about the quantity shipped, mor» desire was evinced to quit floating parcols, aud as low (is Is. ila. has bean taken ; the quality, how over, is not first rato. For fino samples we quote 2s. to 2s. 4d. . N Unit.-Trndo in this article has not at all been brisk ; prices, however, gradually roso ador tho last mail left to 10s., at which they remained till the arrival of tho present niall stimulated tho market to activity, when prices advanced to 11s., and oven 12«. was looked upon as a likely figure to reach, though the rate named is the most at which satos havo as yot boen made. Motáis.-In pig iron fow transactions havo como undor our notice, as, in the absence of arrivals, busi- ness has boon limited to mero trado sales. This week, however, a shipment to land, of 100 tons, was placod at £5 12). Od. Galvanised iron, though not In large stock, does not move over readily. A few parcols uf Scotch imv o bcon placed to arrive, and prices havo remained steady at £25 10s. to £27 10s. and £28 16s. for 24^20, mid 23 gaugo respuetlvoly. Sales of English brands hat o been mudo at £3010s. for such as kej brand, and Phillip's Hill's, ice, while £3110s. has bson realised for Invokes of qualities equal to Hamilton's 26 gauge. Increased business has of lato boen done in boiler platos, at a slight reduction on foinier quotations conceded by importer«. Sales of Staffordshire plates have boen effected at £14 6s., and as high as £14 15B. is still quoted for BBH. In shoot there is not much doing, though Importers would ' willingly takaülS 10s. for best marks. A good de- mand Is kept up for hoop iron, at £1310s. £ar and i rod iron is in steady icquest at from £11 to £11 10s. A moro activo Inquiry has bean experienced for fencing wiro, though at reduced lates about 150 tons found buyers during tho last week. Quotations for rolled range from £13 10s. I to £17 10s. for Nos. 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8; while Kyland's drawn wire, Noa. 6, 7, and 8, Is saleable at i £1010s., £17 16s., and £10. Loads remain without ¡alteration. Pig is quoted £22 10s. ; Bhcet has de- clined to £24, and pipe also is offering at £21 ; shot realizes £29 to £80, and eales of very suitable assort- ments are reported as high as £31. Ewbank'« nails, of which the market is biro, are saleable at tou por cent, to twolve aud a halt per cout. off list. Cut nails, nuw in moro abundant supply, are disposed of at 20s. ' to 23s. ,, American hardware being still short of re- quirements^ extremo rates continue to be obtained; quotations aro :-Collins'« and Sharpo's hoavy axes, 'Oils.; Collins's heavy picks, 70s. ; Ames's shovels, 08s. ; aud Tuttlo's tlulcc- forks, 90s. Good assorted invoices of hollowaro can bo placed without difficulty at tiieiity-flvo por cent, off list. Muntz motal is quoted lid. Oils.-Kerosono, quoted last month 3s. Ort. to3s. Od., dropped toSs. Bd., at which itromalned until mall ad- vices came to hand, whon, in response to tho advance advised from tho other sido, some 3,000 cases changad hands In lots atfrom 3«. 4d, lo 8s.fid.,but tho quantity ad , Titcd as coming forw ara precludes any hopo of further liinpiovomcnt. Linseed, which has mot with a good trade inquiry durlug Iheseason, but waa forced, uuder the prowiuro of heavy shipments, down to 3s. Od. for ' bulk aud 3s. lOd. for drums, has recoverod this week fully 2d. per gallon, beihg now quoted at 8s. 7id. and 3s. fid. for cask ana 4s. for drums. Colza Is lu abuu dant supply, but tho demand is trifling ; wo quote 4s. 16d. to 4s. (k1, in wood, and 4s. Dd. to 4s. lOd. in drums. , Castor is quito neglected at 4s, to 4s. 3d. Olivo is very heavy, and quotations do not go beyond 0s. 3d. for bulk and 6s, gd. for drums. Lard oil is wautcd al 0s. Oilmen's Stores have bcon in activo damand at full priccB, with a tendency to extremo rates for many descriptions scarce and wantod. Tho commonest brands of pickles aro sought after at 9J. Od. to 0s. 9J. ; tho bolter qualltlos rcaliso up to 10s. Od. ; lib. jams I arc quitted ut' 8s. Gd. to 8s. Od. ; assorted bottled fruits have been sold lit Os, 6d. ; and Batty's black cur , ratita are in request at 11s. Sd. Pint salad oils havo been placed at 7s. 4jd. to 7s. Od. ; half-pints, at 11s. ' Od to 12s. 3d. ; quarts, at 23s. ; French pints havo been sold at 8s. fini castor oil brought Ss. 7Jd. to 8s. Od, Hair oil, perfumed, assorted, -.mall bottles, was disputed of at 4s. Sd. to 4s. Oil., and largo bottles at 7a Od. to 13s. French capers, half-pints, woro quitted atCs. Column's thumb blue realised 9}ü., anddtiobol's, auction sold, brought SA Colman'a mustard, 71b. tin», has been quitted 7Jd to Sd. ; half-pounds havo ' boon placed at 6s, Od ,and lib. tins at 11s. Od. Column's ? white starch is disposed of at ft}d. to OU, and bluu starch at 43<1\. to £>\A. Robinson's groats command 8s. Od. Polak's saloon matches brought 4s. Od. Frooch vinegar has been disposed of at 8s., and Whybrow's at 9s. Vinegar, lu bulk, Is In fair salo at Is 8d. to Is. lOd. Mixed spice« bring Is. 5d.' Black pjppor is In slow salo, at -lil., aud whlto pepper is saleablo atOJd. Provisions of all descriptions aro scarce, and, not- withstanding tho oxtrome rates required, aro readily saleable. The few lots of Cork butter lately to hand havo been run after at Is. lOd. Sinclair's hams and bacon' are offering, to arrive, al Is. Gd. ; and sales of Campbell's lmvo been made at Is. Ed. Gheose of good quality Is Inquired for at Is. 5d. Quicksilver.-Tho demand for New Zealand having subsided, tho market has again quieted down, and quotations rule at 3s. 3d. to Ss. 7d. Stocks, howovar, aro exceedingly light. Bice.-Operations In this market, with tho excep- tion of «orno heavier sales in the beginning of the month and again towards the close, have been limited. > On tho 27th ult., some 200 tons of the Annie Duthlo's 1 cargo of Patua were pUced at £21 10s. ; for MO bags damaged, also sold, lair rates wore obtained ; nt the samo time, 300 tons, the Nil Dusporandum's cargo of Java, wero placod on private terms. Just previous to the mall's arrival, somo 100 tons, comprising the balance of the Annie Puthie's cargo, also changed hands, sluco which a considerable advance has taken placo, this quality being held for £25, and sales oven mado at this figuro, while for tho finei qualities £27 is asked,' and as stocks havo ; become exhausted, and the Grand Condo from ' Calcutta was last heard of at Mauritius, it is moro than probable those raton will be maintained. Dressed ? Java meets with fair trado notice at £20 to £30. Salt.-In this product nothing beyond au ordinary ' trade demand has como under our notice. Coarse has boen kept at £3 15s., and Une has been quitted at £1 to £4 2s. 0d. Rock salt Is wanted at £0. Sugar.-In this staplo a largo and. steady business has been dene at Improving ratos. Ou sovoral , occasions the attention of speculators has boen drawn towards tho market, but not meeting with sufficient encouragement, transactions have coutinuod to run , uninterruptedly through the auclton mart, tho or- dinary outlet for thlsproduco. Thb sales of tho month embrace the cargo of tho Kelly Abbot, from Mau- ritius, consisting of 8,881 bags. Unfortunately, a large portion prorod to bo damased, and only about 4,2110 bags could be sold sound, the whole of which was disposed of at 30s. to 31s. for rations ; 33s. 3d. to Sis. Cd. for brown ; 3ßs. ed. to 37a. 6.1. for medium counter» ; 80s. lo 40s. 3d. for good counters ; 40s. Od. to 42s. 3d. for good to flue counters ; 40s. 0J. to 42s. Od. for yellow crystals ; 43s. to 48s, Od. for whito crystals. Tiieso prices established an advance of 3s. to 4s. on browns, medium and flue counters, and white crystal«. The biddings throughout . wero spirited, and tho attendance of the trade excellent. On Thursday the damaged portlou of same cargo was offered, nnd 4,766 bago realised for net cash full prices, condition considered. Tho damaged portion of tho León- idas' cargo was likewise disposed of by publie sale, in coiiMtqHonce of tho higher rates obtained at those Bales. At tbiB time, also, the Sugar Company announced a corresponding rise on the price of their sugars. The following week the demand continued unabated. Between the portion Bold by auction and some C,00D bags »old privately, tho whole of the Isabella's cargo wa« placed with the trade, at £36 for rations, £4" I 10s. for fine counters, £42 to £44 for brewing crystals, and £4510s. for whlto crystals. On Friday, tho 8th.' tho entire cargo of tho Laughing Water, from Mauritius, wasoffurcd. The cargo consisted of 7,528 bags; tho vv hole was sold, at 80s. 3d. for low ra4 lons to 34s. Cd. for browns ; 30s.'9d. to 38s. for low to medium coun- ters ; 40s. Od. to 42s. 3d. for good to Hue do. ; yellow «yatala, 40s. to 42s 3d.; white do., 439. to 44). Od. Alan, ox various ships, OS0 bags Mauritius sugar, which brought correap-mding prices These rates on sugar, which na«.p»ld the £6 duty, about sustain tho price« obtained for the cargo 'of 'the Kelly Abbot, wild with £3 duty, so that tho importers In this case loso tho 'ddltional duty of £8 por ton. The attendance of til / trade was large, bul through- out a want of animation was shown in tho biddings. On Tuesday, tho 12th, the cargo of the Trossaeks, from Mauritius, was offered by publie salo, but tho auctioneers only succeeded in placing about a third of the cargo, say 2,715 boars, at 30s. to 31s. 6d. for rations ; 33s. to 84s. for browns ; 3(ls, 3d. to 30s. Od. for medium to good oountors ; 39s. to 4ls. Od. for Uno do. ; 38s. Od. to 40s. 4_Jd. for yillow crystals ; 44s. to 44s. Od. for whlto do. 'To tho fact of this sale follow- ing so closely upon the --last, ' and tho purchasers being strictly llmliod to trndu requirements, anontlro absenco of speculation, and the usual disinclination to uiçreasoBtouk at this season or tho year, when stock- taking 1B about to commence, must bo attributed tho olrcumBtance of lho wholo not being Bold. Tho ratos about tustaln previous prices for medium and good counters and white crystals, and show about 20s. declino on other sorts. The arrivals durinor tho week comprlBO three cargoes, which will add 19,000 bags, to present stock», and may tond to check any further rise in tho meantime On tho 18th Instant, that of the Elmbeth, which arrived on tho 16th, was offerod. Tho cargo consisted of 5,419 bags. The auctionoor sold somo 4,200 bags, at 81s por cwt. for ordinary rations, 31s. 3d. for low counters, 37s. Od. fur good medium coiintors, SSs. to 38s. 6d. for good counters, 3fls. Sd. for lino counters, ? 39s. to 41s. for yolloïv crystals, and 42s. for middling «bite crystals. These prices maintain previous rates for all but countors, which sholl a declino of 30s. The unsold portion of the cargo consists of 1,200 bogs white crystal), which woro withdrawn for higher prlcoB. The portion with- drawn nas placod the following day on torms with- held. ' Slates-Tills wook a shlpmont ot 21,000 Bangor slntcB, 24 x 12, ex Bed Rover, roaliacd £10 15s. : 33 COO 20 x- 10, brought £12 15s. ; and 14,000, ox Mediator' 24 x12, Bold al £10 16s. ' Tea.-Wooxtract tho following from Messrs. Jas. C Bobertson and Co.'s monthly circular :-"Tho Budget for.tho jear 1805 having been thrown out by our Upper House, and the Lower Houso dissolved, the duty of Od. per lb., ¿g before, is now tho rate collected on tea, In anticipation of which vory largo quantities M ero cleared ni the Customs. Tho two cargoes, viz., the Princess Alexandra and Eliza Blanche, came In just in timo to pass undor the Bd. duty ; a day later, and Cd. por lb. would havo been enforced. A very satisfactory trado has boon done, and large parcols havo boon placod, both privately and under the hammer, at prices showing a vory good margin to the importer. Dusty and broken Foo-chow has not been dealt in to any extent ; but low Canton niado-up spurious Congou has boon quitted hy tho Importers at best prices that could be obtained, showing a vory heavy loss on invoice cost. Leafy descriptions of Foo-chow havo been in good demand at lOd. to lid. per lb. ; good ordinary has hlso been much «anted, the stock being very low, is. 2d. being readily given ; common to good common has also bein in demand, and sales have beon made at Is. Cid. to Is. ii. ; and Savoury kinds at Is. 4Jd. to Is. Od. Large eales of tho now soasou's toas, blackish lent to blackish leaf strong and flavoury, havo been efftcted at from Is. fljd. to 2s. Id. per lb. ; Kaisow kinds, at 2s. 3d. ; and fine rich pekoe, souchong and pekoo flavour, at 2s. 4d. to 2s. 6d. por lb. Souchong bos boon, llttlo inquired altor, and stocks, although nominal, " quito sulHclcnt for the demand. Orango pekoo.has been In fair request, and prices woll sustained. Long Leaf, Canton iriako, lins the pré- férence, and readily fetches Is. Ud. to 2s. 2d. per lb. ; short true country kind, scôntod, only f ctuhos Is. lOd. to 2s. Green teas of all descriptions aro iu very limited request, tho doinaud having nearly died out: quotations are nominal. Public Salos.-Doccmber 4. -lho outlro cargo of tho Mary Hamilton, consisting of 2,281 chests and 1,811 half-chests, was offorcdi a few packages wore sold undor the hammer, and tho. romaindor placed privately at full rates. Tho daraagod portion of tho Elba Blanche, offerod same day, i ealised good prices, net cash. Decombor 1.-Tho on tiro cargo Of tho Eliza Blanche was offerod, consisting of 1,643chOBtsand l,35Shalf-cliostscongou, 2,638pack- ages of which nero sold at full current rates. Decem- ber 12.-Tho diunaprcd portion of congou ox Princess Aloxnndra «as Bold for not cash at very fair prloes. Dec. 13.-The cargo ox Frey, consisting of 8,407 pack- ages, was offered, and a portion sold at Is. 6d. to Is Bd. for good common flavoury, prices showing a slight decline; the balance was withdrawn'and sold pri- vately at, ive understand, current ratos. Dec. 16. The damaged portion of congou ox Mary Hamilton was sold at very Indlfforont prlcos. Our quotations aro (in bond) ¡-Congou-Dust and sidings, 6}d. to 7d. ; broken Foo-cho«1, 9d. to lOJd. ; ordinary to good ordl nary.lld. to Is. 2d. ; mixed leaf kinds, Is. 3d. to Is. 4Jd. ; do., «1th llttlo flavour, Is. 6d. to Is. ed. ; blackish leaf kinds, Is. 5d. to la. fljd. ; do, stiong, la. 7d. to Is. 7jo. ; do., strong, with flavour, Is. Sd. to Is. 92d. ; do., kalsow kinds, rather strong, Is. OJd. to 2s. Ojd. ; do, pokoo-souchong and pekoe flavour, 2s. Id. to 2s. 2Jd. ; do., fine rich pekoe-souchong fla- vour, 2s. 3d. to 2s. Od. ; vory low, 5d. to 8d. ; souchong, common, nono ; middling to fine, Is. Od. to la. Od. ; extra fino, 2s. to 2s. 2d, ; orango pekoe, scented, ordinary and brokon, Is. 7d. ; do., (rood to Ano, la. lid, to 2s. ; do., finest, 2s. Id. to 2s. 2d, ; caper, scented, common to middling, none ; do., middling to fine, Is. 9d. to 2s. ; do., flnostt 2s. Id. to 2s, 3d. ; liysonskln, Canton, (k1, to 7d. ; do., truo common to Uno, 7jd. to lOd. ; hyson, common, Od. to Is. ; do., good to flue, Is. Sd. to Is. 6d. : finest, Is. 9d. to 2B, ; young hyson, Canton and twankay kinds, 8d. to Is. Id. ; do., good yellowish leaf to fine hyson flavour. Is. Sd. to 2s. Od. ; gunpowdor, Canton, 8d. to Is. 6d. ; do., country kinds, 2s. to 3s. ; Im- perial, Canton, lid. to Is. 2d. ; country kinds, Is. Gd. 'to 2s." « Timber.-This market has boon barely supplied, and' In conscquenco, the business which otherwise could not fail to have boon dono has boon restricted, and tho month closes with a firm market, at 5]d. tor red deals, 9x8. Scotch flooring is firm at 13s. for Jin., and ljin. white, and up to 17s. tor ljin. red. Ameri- can lumber Is scarce. T. and G. lumber, shelving, and clear pine, would find arcady maikot, at £12, £13, and £17 rcspcctlv ely. Tho following sales have taken placo during the month :-On tho Stli, by public auction, 100 Baltic logs were placed at 2s. Id. to 2s. 6d. por foot cubo. The cargoes of the Otto llne and Jaia wore sold, as follows :-800 rod deals, 11 x 4, woro quitted at 6 9-16d. to 5Jd. per foot 9 x 3 ; 5,600 deals, 11x8, realised 5 0-lOd. to 5 16-lGd. per foot 9x8; 5,000 deals, 9x4, realised 5 4-10d. to 5 6-10d. pr/r foot 9x3; 1,100 deals, 9x8, realised 5 5-10d. per foot 0x818x3 deals sold at old. per foot 0x3; and 7 \ 8 and 7 x 2£ battens woro disposed/of at 5 5-10d. 2,000 deals, ex Kod Rovor, sold all faults, realised per foot, 0 x 3, 5 3-1 Cd. to 6 6-1 Od. ; short lcinrths wore quitted at -1 Jil. to 4Jd. Tobacco.-This staple has beon markod throughout by a good healthy trado demand for local uso as woll as for shlpmont, and considerable quantities havo boen tplaced, though llttlo oncouragemont haB been met with at tho public solos, geuorally owing moro to the too high limits required by sellers than from any want of dulro to purchase exhibited on the part of dealers As the month commenced, nulos of Northern tens wera reported at 13d., and for better grades Is. 4d. was realised. Somo'200 boxos colo- nial manufactured sold at Is. Od. to 2s. Oood half pounds aro wanted, and though the trade generally refuse to pay tho prices required ; salos of the lowor dosöriptlons aro reported at Is. '.'jil. Aromatij i half pounds have been placed at 2s. to 2s Gd., and Matthotr Wright'«, at auction, brought as high as 2s. 7d. Tor I Western til 1st inquiry is moderate at from 12d. to 16d. ; Uno, however, Is wanted at Is 4d. to Is. Od. At auction the sound portion of a parcel of Lion twist brought 2s. 7|d., and sovoral lots of Orion twist wore sold privately at Ss. Gd. Shoopwash tobicco has ,found buyers at 7Jd. Cigars aro all neglected, and blow of sale ; Manillas are quoted 55s. to 60s., and Ormond's Swiss, 37s. Gd. to 10s. ' Vines and Spirits.-Ports and «horries do not moot with any improvedjdcinand. Of tho formor, common qualities havo beon quitted at £21 and £21, and up to £30. Medium sherries havo realised from £35 to £15. Clarets hal e been Bought after tor shlpmont ; upwards of 600 cases woro last week placed at from 15s. to 20s. Mod's champagno was quitted at 36s. Deiuhard and Jordan's moselle has boen disposed of at 41s. öd. Low claret was likewise sold at 8s, lOjd. lu spirits au auction saloon Wodnosday, tho 0th inst., attracted somo notice The following salos woro ciTootod : riuet, Castlllon, and Co.'» dark brandy realised 5s. lid. to 6s. 4jd. per gallon ; do. pulu do., 5s. 6d. to 5s. 2d. do. ; Marrett's dark brandy brought 5s. 4Jd. to 5B. Od. do.; do. pale do., 6s. lOJd. lo Os. do. ; Cognac Vlnoyard Oompany'B dark do. was sold at 3s. Cd. do. ; do. palo do,, at 4s. 7Jd. do. ; Plnet, Oastillon, and Co.'» old brandy, in caso (In bond), was disposed ot at 27«. per case ; do. do , in case (In bond), at 19s. Od. to ' 25s. «d. do. ; Marrett and Co.'s do., in case (In bond), I sold at 19s. to 21B. do. ; Clnuzeaii's braddy, In caso (in , bond), at 17s. do. Kartell's and HonnesBy's palo, in quarters, have been in request for tho Now Zealand market ; dark, in hillls., however, Is quito noglectod ; for such lie cannot quoto over 0s. 9d. to 7s. D.V.P. ¡ and Otard's aro held for 0s. Od. Vlnegrowers' and C.V.P. hal 0 boon in quiet but steady demand at 6s. to 6s. 3d. for dark and pale. At auction on Wednesday ! last (20tli), Thomas Hines and Co.'s dark brandy brought £B. Bd. per gallon ; Martoll's dark sold at Os. 7$<1\. do. ; common French brandy realised 2s. Od. to 3s. 9d. do. J Associated Vlnoyard brandy, 16s. per case ; Cuuipredon do., 16s. do. i In case brandies, Hen- nessy'!, continues to monopoliso tho doalors' attontlon. Prices-hal o advanced te 27s. 04., though consider- able parcels to arrive I uno been passed off at 27s. Tho agents' price for Otird's Is 27s. 6d. for 100-caso Ïiaicels, and a concession is made to purchasers of arger parcel?. Mnrtoll's, lu quantity, has boon placed, to arnvo, at 25s. Salos of U.V.P. have been made at from 24s. Od. to 26s. Od. Vlnegrowors' and O.V.P. brandy have fouud bujors at 22s. Oil. to 21s. Geneva lias at length attracted speculative notice. Upwards of 20,000 coses of Koy, VII and Co., and ' JDKZ, principally tho latter, «ore ia the beginning of the mouth bought up at price* ranging from 8s. Od. to 9s. Od. ; after which a parcol of 700 cases was placed at 10s. ; and on tho 1th somo 8,000 cases of Key (.banged bauds in ono Uno at an advance of Is. on tho prico paid a few days previous. The ratos now required aro 10s. Cd. for VU and Co., and 11s. for JDKZ ; but as the-trado aro nell supplied, fow eales baie slnco been effected. Rum maintains a quiet aspect ; ton o.p. is valued at 3s. to 3s. 3d., and thirty o.p. is quoted 3s. Bd. Whiskey, in bulk, is steady at 8s. to 3s. 3d. ; easels disposed of at 8s. to 8s. Od. ¡Melvan'» rcallbcs 8s. Od. ; and Thln's l18. Old : tom, in caso is nominal at 9s. to 11s. GOLD SHIPS WHICH HAVE SAILED SINCE OUE LAST SUMMARY. The following is a list of the ships taking gild which have sailed hence since the publication of our last humiiiary, together with tho quantities and destina- tions : IXito of Sailing. Sliip. Nov. 2o1 Bombay .. " 89 Golden Horn" ,1 20 Alhambra,. Dec. 1 Sarah Grice > . ,', 2|Uoxhurgh Castle " 2 Albion " 2'Omar Pasha " 6|Clulha " 'lï'Bouth Australian.. " ' 11 Alexandra.. " 10'Aldinga .. " lOiTruo Briton ,. 20|Waioof Life Destination. Point de Gallo , Hong Kong , Nell' Zealand , Loudon .. i London .. New Zealand , London .. Condon .. Ne«' Zealand Sjduoy .. Adelaide London .. Loudon .. 48,382 7,195 5 12,610 14.2S8 36 0,760 2,232 80,101 11,717 The total amount of gold exported from the colony ?ince tho beginning of lho year is 1,042,032 ounces, or which Ut>,804 ounces were transhipped from New Zealand. During the corresponding period or ths previno« year tim enlim quantity exported waa 1,726,060 ounces, and of tbls total 213,31V ounces wiro fiorfl New Zealand. Printed and published by JTUOH GROROH, at Tin Altai's Office, Collins-street, Melbourne, (or WILSO» and lílCüiNKOS, proprietors. 