EXPERIENCES OF FARTHING LODGE. ] ? - From " Tenants at Will, an Extra Double Christmas Number of Chambers'! Journal.) * * * It was on the 16th September that we moved into the house, and on the 15th of October (I like to be precise in my dates,) having been detained by business at the office till a late hour, the clock, of a neighbouring church. as just striking half-past ten Jas I k"S_^ the lodge door Susan was rather long I ' ing, and I knocked a second time > F.. T determined to keep me waiting I "of ,. "e ?" I found in, self inside "seen in Sale -k1 Susan, "but I thought it £*_&£ boys again, 01 t should have answered their score! » What nasty boys' M just as the clock was striking ten, there was' loud "Wat to the door, and I iiuruedTa once thinking it was you, sir, come home L and hung), most like, but would ,_u but it, sir, when I opened the door, there was a son to be seen' so of course gets it down at once as a runaway knock and when you knocked just now li it down as mother of the same kind, rosette of the moment that you had not )ct%2 homes with tiresome, certainly,'- said, , V'"°"?ou% ^rcr11bcei1 THOW * the same iva OIL, We' SU'I cannot say that I hear? hut when the boys of a neighbourhood as begins to practice that sort of thing, 100 never know when they will kaye off" On TZ upstairs I saw at once that my wife looked more? nervous and ill at case than common, and I had not long to wait before hearing the cause of it "Such a strange thing, Wairuna" she said and she looked exceedingly frightened he spoke a I was sitting quietly iC films, but beginning to get rather uneasy) at your being out 1.0 late, when, all at once, about twenty minutes, or it may be h dim hour a *<,, I heard a noise of footsteps in the large empty room ox co thistle noise or two people walking about It lasted, with short inter his of silence for about ten minutes, then came the sound asofahea\\) bod) filling of being dashed to the floor, and then all was quiet 20 need not eley are your eyebrows den, I be]] Oh I hear 1 the noise as plainly as I now find myself speak, it was no delusion of the senses , of that I am sure " " But why did you not ring the bells" ' Because I is too frightened to move, I was utterly powerless to stir from am c han " - On trying the door of the room of which my wife had spoken, and which was immediately over our draw his room I found it to be still locked, exactly, recall an peal mee, as I had left it a week or two before I opened the door and went in Dirk, dew late, and empty it was, is I his expected that it would be, with no trace that it had ever been entered since I myself had been there last { gloom), weird-looking room, seen by that dim light, and under such circumstances, with walls that had been once bright green, but were now mildewed with damp, showing here and there an outline, square or ode, where in other days, a picture had been suspended against them 'There was not a scrap of any kind of furniture in the room except the long white blinds that shaded the two windows and everywhere the dust lay thick and undisturbed Celt and, my wife had been mistaken when she asserted that she heard the footsteps of two people walking about the floor of this room No mortal footsteps had been there for weeks, otherwise the thick even carpet of dust would have shown traces of their presence A deathl) chill seemed to strike to m) marrow when I first opened the door, and I could not resist the shiver that ran through me is I looked around The atmosphere of the room seemed to me to be linpiegn.itedbj that faint, indescribable odour of death, which most of us who are grown up lune felt in our nostrils at one time or another. and something like a low faint sigh seemed to breathe itself out, and die away as I opened the door I stood in the doorway only just long enough to satisfy myself that the room was really empty, and then I hastened to shut and to lock the door, after which I prosecuted my search through all the other empty rooms, but no trace of an intruder was anywhere to be seen Another month passed quietly away, and his) wife's spirits assisted by the fineness of the weather, began to revive a little, we were becoming more reconciled to our new home, and the possibility of giving a large Christmas party, now that we had plenty of house room, was discussed daily between us And so the fifteenth of November armed-a day by us not readily forgotten I reached home from the office about half-past four on the day in question, and when dinner vasoTer, sat for a couple of hours reading aloud the third volume of a novel in which both Jemima and I were interested , after which my wife sat at the piano for an hour and then a little conversation earned the evening pleasantly on till ten o'clock our usual supper time About five minutes to ten I went downstairs to superintend personally the putting of a fresh wick into the drawing-room lamp, an operation which scream could never manage to my satis action The clock had just struck, and Susan was holding a candle to light mc over my task, when we were both startled by hearing I a loud double knock at the front door Susan gave vent to a little shriek, and chopped the candlestick About a minute elapsed before the matches could be found, and another light obtained and I had got to the top of the kitchen stairs, on my way to the front door, being desirous to ascertain for me) self who it could be that knod ed thus impel it c1) it so late an hour, when Susan came hurrying after me with the candle, the hall lamp not hung been lighted that Rev thing I halted at the top of the skins, and Susan, holding the candle aloft, peered over my shoulder A. strange schemes our gaze, the front door was bony opened without the agency of v visible human hands, the bolts drawn back, the chain and stoned, and the key turned for Susan had seemed everything I for the night-and then the door was opened as it to admit some one from without A moments 1 cause, and the door was closed, and fastened is it had been before , then came a noise of footsteps, apparently those of two persons, over the oilcloth of the passages noise which was lost next minute on the soft carpet covering the stains The place where I was standing was close to the foot of the stairs, and I fancied but it might be nothing more than fancy, the light of the candle being so dull and flickering-that accompanying the noise of the footsteps came two faint shadows, so faint and vague as to have no distinct individuality or outline of their own, which went swiftly by me and so vanished in the darkness above. As these shadows passed me, there crept over me the same death, chill that I had felt on entering the green room a month before and I knew by the shiver that passed through Susan, to the same icy breath had made itself felt by ne. Returned while, terrified faces on one another. "Did you see anything?" I whispered have spoken aloud, would have seemed a pro- Station at that moment. " Nothing whatever, sir." "Not even the shadow of anything r " No, sir, nothing; but I heard a sound as if somebody came in, and water along the passage, as if to go T stairs." " I must go upstairs to your mistress you had better come also." There was a Wing of awe of solemnity-, over the spmtsofw» of us. " What a long time you have our William ; arid why have you come back w y out the lamp ? " said my wife. " Wlw WA is at the front door, Susan ? " But before Susan bad time to answer, we all three heard in the room overhead the empty green room-the noise of footsteps, like those of two people walking across the floor , one firm and heavy), as though it were that of a man , the other lighter, and like a woman's "The footsteps again, William, just as I heard them before ' " exclaimed my wife, as she clung to an) arm As it had been before, so it was this time , the noise lasted for about ten minutes, with two or three intervals of about a minute each, when every thing was still, then, last of all, came the found as of a heavy body falling to the floor, and then silence We all sat for some minutes, too much awed to speak, what words, indeed, could have expressed half of what we felt " O William, what a terrible house is this" exclaimed my wife at last, breaking a silence that was becoming painful "I never Cambrai to live here through the winter" "Hush, dear" said I "None of us have come to hand yet; neither, I hope, shall we From whatever causes these unseen ous noises proceed, it is evident that they are confined chiefly to the empty par t of the house, and need not interfere with our comfort many way " " How you talk, Willi in ' as if any one could In e comfortably in a haunted house ' Who knows what humble clime may have been committed in that room upstairs?" Despite my xx lie's opposition, I determined to visit the green room for the second time, of being willing to give too ready credence to the popular idea of the neighbourhood, and hoping to find some more natural solution of the myStery of Fat thing Lodge I found the door locked, as on my previously visit, and the room inside dark and empty, with no traces that it had been entered since I myself had been there last I sounded the walls and the floor, tried the fastenings of the windows, and glanced up the charge), but without discovering the slightest sign of any human intituled I may as well confess at once that all this was not done without considerable trepidation; but I had nerved myself to the task, and was determined to go through with it I experienced the same ley curdling of the blood that I had felt on my first visit to the room, and again when the shadows, or whatever they were, passed me at the foot of the stairs While peering curiously) about the room, I discovered the following words written in French, in characters faint and almost illegible with age, on the painted wall . I am weary) with waiting Why do you not come, O Edouard of im hearts All day I sity\atchmg by the window , between the night comes, and brings You not, what can Idobuty\eep5 Miserable ' You would not dare 'to prove faithless to me ' When you tell me that in love me no longer, I shall at least know how to die. O Edouard, come, come ' I watch all day, and I w rep all night -li. Could there be any connection between this passionate utterance of a breaking heart, and the dread secret of the green room ? Next day Susan gave notice to quit, and I could not blame her for going. " Them ghosts is more than I can stand, she said. " I should go mad to stay in this house much longer." And my wife was disposed to endorse the same opinion. * To fill up the place of the faint-hearted Susan, I sent into the country for Martha Dobson, a middle-aged woman, now a widow, who, before her marriage, had lived as servant in my father's house for many years. Martha was troubled with no nerves in particular, and heard the narration of our disturbances with consummate coolness. She was a firm believer in ghosts, without being afraid of them. " My belief is, that they've no power given them to hurt us," said the grim old woman. "If we let them come and go, and don't interfere with them, they'll do the like by us. For my part, if I was in the habit of letting off rooms, as so many of these Londoners are, I would as soon have ghosts for lodgers as anybody else, if they only paid me in good lawful money-nay, sooner, because there is no cleaning or pressing after them, and they keep themselves to themselves, which is a blessing, when there's two families in one house." Another month passed unevent- fully away ; but as the fifteenth of December drew near, my wife and I became anxious and uneasy, in spite of all our efforts to the contrary. Would our strange guests come again, and on the night they seemed to have fixed upon as the one for making their periodical visita- tions ? We determined, all three of us, to watch and listen. About five minutes to ten on the night of the fifteenth, my wife and I, with old Martha to bring up the rear, took up our position a few feet from the foot of the stair- case, from which the carpets had been purposely removed. 'the hall lamp was lighted, and everything clearly visible. I could feel my wife's hand tremble a little as it rested on my arm :, she was pale, but of good heart. , Scarcely had the last vibration from the neighbouring church ' clock died away, when the front door resounded beneath the loud quick blows of the knocker, j I suppose it was instinct that caused Martha to a start forward, as if with the intention of answer-. ing the summons; but next moment she remembered herself, and resumed her previous position. After a brief space of intense silence, . we heard the faint creaking of a door in the upper part of the house, followed by the retreat, of light footsteps rapidly descending the stairs, ? mingled with which,, as. the footsteps came nearer, we distinctly heard the faint rustle of a silk dress. The footsteps passed close before us, and went along the passage to the front door and next moment we saw the bolts drawn back, the key turned, the chain unfastened, and the door flung wide open-all by the agency of invisible fingers. The shadow, the phantom call it what you will-that had knocked, having, I presume, entered the house, the door was shut and refastened, and the noise of footsteps, like those of two people, sounded along the passage, re-passed us, and went up- stairs-up the first flight, and then up the second, on their way to the green room. Again, as on the previous occasion, I thought I could distinguish the vague outline of two shadows fainter, and less clearly defined than the little cloud made by one's breath on a winter-day; but both my wife and Martha declared, when questioned, that they had seen nothing. At the moment these shadows were passing me, some strange instinct induced me to put out my arm, as if to bar their passage upstairs ; but the instant that I did so, my wrist was grasped tightly by a hand as cold as that of a corpse, and my arm pushed gently but re listlessly on one side was a hand with rings on it small and delicate as that of a woman, , but which left for several days the faint blue outline of a finger and thumb at the spot where it had seized my wrist. " How terribly cold I , McWilliam!" said my wife with a shudder; " my heart feels as though it were about to stop beating." We went up to the drawing-room, and there sat in silent awe, while the weird footsteps in the room, above paced to and fro, and the' ghostly drama was re-enacted, which in the flesh, and long years before, had doubtless been acted in reality. * * * It was now clearly evident that the fifteenth of each month was the only day on which our strange visitors troubled Farthing Lodge with their presence, and then only for a quarter of an hour at a time and bearing this fact in mind, I began to see my way to by c as quiet, commonplace, and humdrum a life, even in this haunted house, is any sober city man need desire ~ A mystery it was, and a mystery it was likely to remain We had very) few visitors at Fai thing Lodge It was so out of the way of our old Hornsey acquaintances, that they lately found it convenient to call upon us, and, with two exceptions, we made no new friends after our removal Those exceptions consisted of old Hen Bernhardt, and his daughter the Fraulein Anna How we made the acquaintance it matters not to say here, but to know them was to like them, and they soon became regular and frequent visitors at Tai thing Lodge then position in life was not a very elevated one, the Herr being neither more nor less than mstiument-tuner at a large piano manufactory , while his daughter taught French and German as a duly governess A fair-haired gentle young w am in, pensive and dreamy, was the Fraulein Anna, given to long brooding fits of silence, during which she would seem lost to all outward objects, although I have at times seen her as cheerful and sunny hearted as any young girl to whom the world is still fresh and beautiful But Anna was no longer a girl, being, I imagine, about eight and twenty years old when I knew her first A brilliant future had at one time seemed to open itself before her, for when young she had an exquisite voice, combined with great natural genius for music, and was being trained for the lyric stage, on which she hoped some day to shine as a great artiste, when she fell ill of a terrible fever, and lost her voice for ever She rarely alluded to this period of her life when I knew her., but fulfilled the dull duties of her position with cheer fulness and so dirty, as though her ambition had never soared beyond inducting the youthful daughters of wealthy citizens into the intricacies of German irregular verbs Both Anna and her father had been established in England for many years, and could speak the language exceedingly well Heir Rein hardt took snuff m enormous quantities, and played on the violin with rare taste and feeling After we had had our hand at piquet, and smoked a couple of cigars in my little den, he would bring his dashing out of its case, and claim our souls with sweet melodies, grave, gay, 01 pathetic, as the humour took him, and as my wife could touch the piano reasonably well, and I could foote a mild accompaniment on the flute, the long winter evenings never seemed to pass so swiftly as when we were thus pleasantly employed It was to Hen Bernhardt, of all people in the world, that one evening opened my mind, as we sat smoking together in my little room He spoke no word till I had done my story, and even then he went on puffing for a minute or two in silence " On the fifteenth of next month," said the Heir at last, "Anna and I will spend the evening with you, my friend, and see and hear for our selves what will then take place " *?. «? On the evening of the fifteenth, Anna and her father dropped in at their usual hour for visiting us, the former being quite unaware of the conversation that had taken place between Hen and my self a fortnight previously) My wife had gone to spend a few di) s with some i datives, not feeling equal to the task of passing the dreaded night at home of At length the clock struck ten, and the next minute the ghostly summons resounded through the house I had instructed Martha beforehand to take no notice when she should hear it, and Anna, thinking it had been unheard by every one but herself, said quietly, after a brief pause "Mr Applin said, there is some one at the door Martha seems to have gone to bed, shall I see who is there " "Do my child, " said her father "That move, Herr Wilhelm, is your last: checkmate " Anna had arisen and opened the parlour-door, and stood on the threshold like one spell-bound and incapable of further movement. The Herr and I crept up silently behind, and looked over her shoulder just as the fasten- ings of the door were being undone by some unseen power, as I have already described. "What is it, my child, that thou seest?" said Herr Bernhardt, " speak, and fear not." I see the phantom of a woman, young and beautiful," said Anna in a low voice, as if in obedience to a summons she could not disobey. " She is dressed in green, and has a gold chain round her neck. She is very pale and weary looking, as if with much weeping, and over her shoulders her long bright hair falls unconfined. She has just descended the stairs, and see ! now she opens the front door to let in him who knocked. He comes in-a tall dark stranger, enveloped in a long cloak, which he throws back as he enters. His hair is powdered ; he wears a velvet coat, and carries a rapier by his side. He stoops and kisses the beautiful lady who has let him in and as she looks up in his face, she says to him in French : " O Edouard, what a long, long time you have been away! How sick the heart grows, watching and waiting for one we love ! But you will not leave me again, will you, dear ?' He kissed her again, but says nothing and now they go upstairs together the, phantoms of two people who have been in their graves for seventy years." " Follow them, Anna, my child," said Herr Bernhardt, " and declare to us that which thou seest and dearest." With a sigh of intense weariness, as though the task were repugnant to her feelings, Anna began to ascend the stairs in obedience to her father's wishes, and we two followed in silence. She led the way without hesitation to the green room, unfastened the door, and went in. Hardly knowing what I was about, I had brought a candle up with me, which I now held aloft as I stood in the doorway, from whence it threw a dull uncertain light across the empty, desolate room ; but Anna says everything that occurred by another light than ours She stood like a being rapt inspired-her features looking almost as white, set, and rigid as those of a corpse ; her eyes wide open, staring and burning with an intense inner light, that seemed to be drawn from no common earthly source. " Tell me, my darling, what is it thou seest" said the father. " I see a room furnished in a rich and antique fashion," said Anna, in a low, monotonous voice. " There are two people in it-the two whom I followed upstairs. Hush! they are speaking: "Hot pale and distrait you look, my Edouard. You bring me bad news : I read it in your eyes.' ' Bad news, indeed, Marie ! My father is inexorable ; he has made arrangements for my marriage with the lady of whom I spoke to you before-she who is so rich. I am ruined, and dare not "disobey. Marie, we must part.' ' Part, my Edouard ! ye who have been so . happy ; who have lived only for each other ; give to whom life for the last two years has been one bright dream of love ! Ah, that cannot be true ! ' It is only too true, Marie ! I cannot disobey my father nay, hedges extorted from me a promise to wed her whom, he has chosen for mc ! ' ' And what did you promise, me, Edouard, that wild night when I fled away from my father's cottage, when you persuaded me to 'quit my own beautiful France, and accompany you in a fisherman's boat across that terrible sea to this sad island, where I have lived only in the light of your love ? What was it that you pi can see me on that fatal night? Did you not swear to me, by the memory of your dead mother, that you would make me, and me alone, your wife' 'I did I did Heaven help me' But these regrets are useless The past is beyond recall Listen, Marie ? I may as well tell you the worst at once I am married already They have been walking to and fro in the 100m, she clinging to his arm, as though beyond him the world held nothing Now she stops and looks up into his face with wild despairing eyes, before which his own tremble and fall ' You are -married and not to me ?' she says ' It is too horrible for belief ' 1 ell me again, Edouard I cannot have heard aught' 'Alas, Marie, it is but too true I am married to a woman whom I detest My absences have aroused her suspicions, and I dare not see you more It pierces me to the heart to tell ) on this, but I am powerless to avert the blow Have no fe us for the future , my damage has made me rich, and He takes his love from me, and thinks that gold will compensate ' O my life my love, my) husband ' let me kiss you once more, yet once again, let these arms clasp your neck, this head he on your bosom ' Ah, to die so ' And is the end really come' Never more to see you, my heart's darling? A moment 00, I am brave boys I have pressed back all tears to my heart "lies, I am brave, but weak There is wide in that flask, my Edouard My lips are fey ei ed, give mc of it to drink Thanks See how it sparkles Beautiful wine ' I shall soon be better now One last kiss-and now I drink To you, Edouard, long life and happiness to me-tins ' All gone, to the last drop 'I his, Edouard, is the revenge of a broken heart ' He takes the glass from her hand, and as he turns to replace it on the table, Marie staggers, and fell heavily to the floor He wishes to her help ' What is this Mane ? ' he ex- claims, as he raises her in his arms it is death, darling, all that is now left for your poor Marie Your hand dealt the blow, and horn join land I took the cup, but forge, I for one Remember'' O father, I can no more '" cried poor Anna " It is too terrible "I She fell back into her father's arms, cold, and almost insensible, a film gathered over her c) es, and her lips still worked, but no sound came from them We carried her down stairs, and after a time, the attentions of her father and old Martha brought her round sufficiently to allow of her being escorted home, but for some days afterwards she remained in a very low, nervous, and ch pressed condition 