SOUTH AUSTRALIA. In speaking of the harvest prospects, the Register of October 14, says:- 'Mr. Walter Thomson, of O'Halloran Hill, a well known and experienced farmer, has just returned to Adelaide from a journey extending through portions of the northern, southern, and south- eastern districts, and he has kindly supplied us with the following information, founded upon his impression, of the present state of the crops in the agricultural localities through which he has passed. He states that between Truro to Tanunda a good average yield may be anticipated, and that between Tanunda and Lyndoch Valley the crops also promise well. Botween Lyndoch Valley aud Gawler the appearance of the fields about a week ago was favorable, but about a mile from the latter place Mr. Thomson, in one section, collected in his grasp a handful, which upon examination, in the presence of Mr. Cave, he found to consist of twenty rusty and eight sound stalks. At Smithfield the harvest gives indications of being both late and light. ln the south and south-eastern portion of his tour, Mr. Thomson was accompanied by Mr. Thomas, of Kooringa, who, as our readers have been informod, hos been ongaged by the Agricultural and Horticultural Society, to collect for purposes of analysis specimens of soil in different parts of the colony. They started from O'Halloran Hill, where the crops are fair, although not exempted from the plague of black rust, and proceeded in the first instance to Clarendon. Here the hopes of the farmers are being blighted through the ravages of the take-all disease. The harvest in Dashwood's Gully will suffer still more severaly from the same cause. At Bull's Creek, Echunga, and the neighborhood, it has been more extensively destructive, and at Mount Barker, the terminus of informant's journey, it is beginning to carry off the crops, although, with this exception, their appearance is good. Mr. Thomas was joined in this part of the country by Mr. John Frame, who did what he could to further the object he had in view, and subsequently accompanied him to town, whence he started yesterday en route to Gumeracha and the adjacent localities. Although Mr. Thomson did not visit tho Strathalbyn Plains or the country surrounding Woodside, he informs us that he has it on good authority that the take-all disease is doing havoc in the former place, and that in the latter it is fully worse than at Mount Barker. With regard to the yield of wheat generally, however, his estimate is not unfavor- able, as he calculates that it will only average from a bushel to a bushel and a half less than last year. Tho opinion he has formed respect- ing the hay crop is that it will be from a quarter to a third lighter than in the harvest of 1864. The barley in the direction of Tanunda is very good. That product, it appears, is not affected by rust, although omenable to the take-all disease. Mr. Thomson holds strongly to the view that late sowing is one of the most effectual remedies against rust. He wishes it to be dis- tinctly understood, with respect to the information given above, that it is impossible to count upon the yield as yet, so much depending upon the weather during the next two or three weeks. The Abobigines in the Far North.-The Register learns that th natives are continuing their depredations to the north-eastward in the direction of Messrs. Price and Beetson's runs, and near Tooth's Knob. The abandonment of stations is still being proceeded with. Short Commons !- Tho Adelaide Express of the 13th says :- Whether mankind will have to be put upon half-rations during 1866 is not yet quite clear, but certainly there is as little pros- pect of a cheap loaf as of a cheap leg of mut- ton. In South Australia an average wheat har- vest cannot now be expected, and our neigh- bors will not be so far favored as to enable them to dispense with assistance from this colony. In some localities there are good crops, but in many places the young wheat is very thin, and not unfrequently diseased, whilst whole sections will be eaton down by cattle, being too light to pay either for reaping or mowing. To make bad worse, whilst it appears not unlikely that the world will have to submit to short commons as respects bread, things will not bo much bet- ter as regards meat. The price of meat in Adelaide is too well known to require pointing out; but it is not merely in South Australia that meat is dear. The same complaints come over the border and round the coast, from Victoria and New South Wales, whilst the Riverina papers publish doleful reports of lack of moisture and scarcity of feed. Goyder or no Goydor, it is just the same; dear meat where runs are cheap as well as where they are more highly rented. The Natives and the Police.-By a letter from Umberatana, we learn that an engagement had taken place between the police and the aborigines, in which one of the latter was killed and two captured. Tho writer says :- "On Sunday, September 30th, there seems to have been a great row at Mount Freeling. Police- troopers Pointer and Gason came down on the niggers in a creek below the station, and managed to capture Mrs. Forbes and Parrallana Jacky. Parrallana Tommy was shot, and all the others got away. It was a splendid haul, most of those whom warrants were out for being there. Tommy, after receiving three bullets in the body, would not give in then; but Gason managed to get his hands on him. It appears quite a miracle that none of the whites were hurt. Tommy lived about an hour and then died. They say his sufferings were very bad. There appears to have been a good many blacks there. The lubras did all they could to frighten the horses while the police were trying to catch the prisoners. The next job, it appears, will be an inquest. They will have some difficulty to get jurymen in this part of the world. I only hope you may be here before that takes place. The troopers wanted horse feed, but I told them I was sorry I had none for them; so they were obliged to paddock their horses for the night. We had the two prisoners chained down in the kitohen, and the troopers slept with them. I do not think they will stand a ghost of a chance of getting away." 