A REAL GHOST STORY. We commend the following to the notice of some of the many publishers of readings for Christmas. The simple facts transpired in a parish in Roxburghshire this present month about midnight, between a Saturday and a Sunday. It was moonlight, but cloudy, hence the night was sometimes clear and at other times nearly pitch dark in fact, it was such a night as witches, war- locks, and ghosts used to delight in and it seemed to our informant that one of these supernatural visitants actually made its appearance in the said parish at the time above-mentioned, and the place was the churchyard. But to begin at the beginning of the story, as it was narrated to us by a respectable person who lived in a cottage hard by the scene, and who with his wife and family also got a fright. They had just retired to rest for the night. There was no light in the room but the flickering light of the dying embers of the fire in the grate, when suddenly the door opened, and an elderly woman rushed into the room. She was almost out of breath, and sat down almost exhausted on the nearest seat. She nearly fainted away. The good folks of the house recollected that they had forgotten to lock the door, and thought it must be some human being in great distress who had run into their house for protection. They gave her a drink to revive her, and when she came round a little in answer to the question what ailed her, she muttered out, amid long- drawn sighs, that " she thought the time had gone by for ghosts, but she had seen use the night." In this way she proceeded to tell how she had gone to pay a visit to her dear departed husband's grave, for there was nobody like her John. He was aye dear to her, and now that he was away there was time to fill his place, and she never felt happy unless when she was beside him. Aye, his very dust was dear to her, and she could spend whole nights beside him yet, though he had been buried now for months. She said she had often before gone and stood beside his tomb- stone for hours, and no one had flashed her till that night, when she had got sic a girl' that she thought she would notgetovcr it. " Chine !" said she, " that awful looking man. It was my John. Nanama John had nee ugly-looking black face like you and then the awful' man never spoke a word, but made such unearthly sounds, and pointed in' his hands, while up and witness down, that I didna ken whether he was free above or below, and he made a' sorts of queer manoeuvres. He put his hands up to his head, and looked for a' the world like the black fella we' his horns. It consign my John, I am sure, for he wadna hue gifted me that way, and then he would have spoken to me that I could be' learned what he said but that awful' man, wi' a' his screeching, und boohooing, and shaking of his head and hand didna speak in our tongue. Oh, that awful man, his black heavy face is hunting me yet, and where he came from I dinna ken either, I'm sure. He didna come in at the gate nor over the wa' ; he just started up before me out o' John's grave, but he wasn't me John. I dinna ken how I got away from that awful like apparition, or how I sure there. Where am I ?" So when she had finished her story it was plain she had had a severe shock to her nerves. The family into whose house she came, when they got a light, knew her to be a respectable woman, and when she was more composed the goodman kindly volunteered to accompany her home. On the way they were met by the decent woman's son, who had been searching everywhere for his mother, and, knowing that she frequently visited the churchyard, thought that she might possibly, late as it was have gone there, for she had been a rather deeply affected by the loss of her husband, so much so that there was no consoling her, and there was no keeping her away from the grave when she could get away. It seems, however, that she had got such a fright by that visit that she would not soon seek back to the haunted i churchyard. We can only guess at the solution of the mysterious apparition. A deaf and dumb man, with a bushy black beard and moustache, , lodges in a dwelling overlooking the burying ground. He may have seen the disconsolate r woman there, and out of pity for her had gone to i advise her to go home ; but his strange appear ? ance, want of speech, and the signs made with his hands may have added to the woman's terror, ', her heated imagination doing the rest. 