lïrffi FEELING TO\VARDS MR. DAVIS. 1 (Prom toe Speoial Correspondent of tbe Spectator.) New York; June'9,1865. ' Two questions chi..fly occupy publie ». ten'ion nere"at_preBen\\--»hat to do.with Jefferson Davis, and what to do; ?with" tho freéd uogroee.l Botb.ure.difiSéurt óFsolutuíir. AfTto'ihe lat'or, I ,shall have something to say,; but like the decision of ihej ernes ¡ot) itself jt can be; well postponed a while. The other subject'is felt by a 1 to he of instant interest. Only last «vening a lecture,,wag delivered*at our largest hall.fpr publie meeting», the Goober loätitue, T?bioh had a direct bsaring ripoo it. The' leo tare was by Mr. Gertie Smith, a benevolent f;entleman of large landed' property, who bis br . many years been1 a leading aboütónist. And here let ne addthat- Mi;.pendell Phil- lipa, whom you have heard'of is a very prominent abolition orator, is no mere political, Agitator or professional phiUntbropiat, but a geB'Ieman who ' inberiíécTjafortunei of _ab°u' ?00,t)00 dollars; 'Whatever, may be thought of his oratory-and I confess' thaV'thave always regarded, it.ai .lons*,- weak, . and.wordy^ mere agitation,' which has rio, value¡or força beyond the' moment of its otoraoca--there oan be none as to the disinterestedness of bis motives.' I notice tb« «hese two prominen* abolitionist becanag of the' reiterated' ásaérlibns iá'Europe that all people of property and stable position ?in societyat th'e\North have' been.uniil lately; panderers to slarery/.^or at least' indifferent, about it. . Many such men. haye .ooenpied that' position, but many have not. . _'i"o return to Mr ; <ïerrit Smith's leo'nre'opon the proper ni ode of. dealing with the rebels. He. was. asked tb deliver it in a let ter signed by nine well-known gentlemen. ; 1 But surely^ine hames represent- ing such incongruous^ opinion* upon public ; affaira were never, seen befo e upon one piece .of paper, Among them were snob formidable. antislavery obampioVs'as Horace Grèéley and! Henry Ward Beecher on the one'nand, and on the o'her, inoh active supporiers" of the ire-. te'lioo as Mayor Gunther and a^Bentlemftn'' who threatened that«ih>-fe'should.be ".a.Repub lican hanged at every lamp-post Tn Broadway." For joa to see the. Earl of Derby ançL Mr. John Bright pulling together _ would, not .be so. marvellous a sight; Thia ; stränge únio'ai was brought a^ouv by thé desire of the gen lernen ir. quostion, and those-whom-they" represent,, to begin a very Biroríg'páb'io móvemerit agaÎDSt any punishment whatever of. the Vetíéla^leadera,' or foMowo'8, exospt the' disfranchisement of a few of them.' Mr. Praitb did ño'. eucceéd'very1 wel| in .convincing even an audience brought together ..under such < auspices; : ? ' ThisH's'riot! surprising, sines the argument upon wliich he chiefly relied waa; tbát as the Governrneii had treated captured' rebels' as " prisoners* of wari had exchanged 'hem, and; had . recognized flags of trace all through the wary it was boànd to ' treat its .. subdued enemies as if they were a foreign na'ioa over whom we were, vic'oribua/: This view of the oise is urged pertinently c»ri your side of the water, by those who are favour ing .us with eo muon advice and : admonition upon this subject. We regard it as a very ' false view. We treated captured rebels aa prisoners of war-from mare necessity, because the rebels had within ¡their lines prisoners taken from our forces upon whom they won'd' have retaliated the execution of any sen tone 3 which might have baon. pronounced by'the courts-'of ' law or mi itary tribunals. By none of its ao:s -did the Government intend to recognize in the least degree or in any shapeihe statua assumed, by the so-called insurgent Government. Its den ¡ogs with thé rebels were purely military dealings, and wi'h the cessation: of. the hoati e reía'ions to which,'tbey'.so'ely'wereVadapted^ they cease co have any-effect. ; On'y soldiers -dealt with soldiers,- and when'any paro'ed prisoner is released from his parole, he becomesT subject as a citizen to all the laws in force ia the oountry whore he lives' which were in forcé: before he took up arms, against tliè G >vern rnent. Ari ex post fado law cannot bete bo nade. As to taking prisoners and eicTia^ging them, that1 we in New.York mTght,have been ?compelled to do with, our Irish r'oler« in 1863. Had they t a'cen half a dozen of our policemen or other citizens prisoners, and threatened to put them to death unless we would róve¡ve them in exchange for certain of their par'y who were ia custody, wo should have sub mitted. The argument thai when large masses «f men take mom entons step's it is jost to con-; .elude that they had a conscientious be'ief io the righteousness of. th iso steps is much more forcible than this one, based oVtho takiog and .exohangfng of prisoners ; and. indeed is mach the s'rongest argument that can be argued for ' univers il. amnesty. ' But as to this lt may be remarked that no one. proposes dr wishes to punish large misses of men',, but on the contrary that wi h general conseil*' a very wide and ¿general forgiveness has already been proclaim- ed, j- Tho quea'ion is whether 'the men who are not on'y lega l'y and coospicuons'y gnilty of treason by levying war against the Govern- ment, but morally /'guilty of having excited the animosity of those large misses against' any Government except that by men of their-'own way of thinking, and ot kaviog done thia by falsehood,- and by stimulating and pandering, to the worst passions during many years, and for inhuman, sordid purposeâ and .selfish ambition,-whether theso; men should not be punished. Legally they are no more gu'lty 'than hundreds of thous irids of o hors/ Then' why punish them, and not tho others ?--say,. 'the submissive, but yet ' impaniicht Copper- heads, ani the weakly good natured, among the loyal ? Simply: because' of their pre-emi- nence in moral guilt, If ibo prosecuting attorney of the Government chooses ' to enter a no'Io prosoqni in the eise ot nine hundred and nine y-nine ! thousand men who are indie-, ted for treason, that int co manner impairs bis right of procedure against the mil ionth. I am not one of those who demand an inexorable' axeoution of the law, and " cry out for retriba livo jus'ice. I do not demand that the leading rebels shall be made to Buffer oven . for the deliberate, hoirt-sickeningcraelty which caused our naen to rot, and froez', 'and starve to death. by the thousand at Andersonville, and which, to say. the least, Jefferson Davis and Général Lee could have prevented ; or for the hotel-, burning, the yellow fever plo*, and the foolish plot to poison the reservoirs by whtoh ibo who'e city ot New York is supplied wi th water and fa'Hng that to destroy, the reservoirs and leiro the ci!y a prey lo flames and thirst ; ur for the partly Buccesarcl nt erupt to assaBt-ina'o the President, tho Cabinet, and the leading Gonoraip, the recenilyrpublished evidence BS tb which, however it might or might not.be sjhakon iq a pour) of law,' fully justifies tho ( position ^assumed ss to Mr.. Davis-and others named in President Johnson's proclamation. I.baye no satisfaction in knowing that criminals get their deserts. I hope thai I msy never got all of mine; I believe that aa a general rule ¡tis true that the worst ute to which a man can be put is Imaging, and wjuld gladly see <jap i tal punishment abolished, oven for murder. But if ever man deserved to bs txcsedinglj w¿ll hsngod, those men' are the leaders of .the late.insurrection. . To compare their rebellion inlany.Way whatever with thoïe of " Cromwell, Washington, Larochejaqueliori, Kossuth, and ?Garibaldi," as some J of their . admirers , and apologists among you ricyis'euch an insult to tue common sense, of the" world that 1 at leant will not no'ioe it seriously. It only-reminds baeofFluellen's fimous comparison of Macedon and Monmou'l),'. for the situations, lo ,k you, isiboth alike.. . ... 'TUalike .as my fingers i«;to my fingers, and there' is rebellion ' in both." ' . . . 'But although this- ia my appreciation of the heinousness ot the crime whioh Mr. Davis and hiß chi< f supporters have commited^ and my judgment of the punishment which it meriti, do not suppose that I either wish to inflict' that punishment,1 or that I am sure that it would be wise to di so. , I, and those whom I include within the'little pronoun into tho over free use of,which I ¡have in this le ter allowed (.myself to be tempted, find our s'ate of mind on thia subject well expressed By"a large ;and:striking caricature whioh : 1- saw this morning. lt represen'ed a .gentleman,' with ruber high features and stars on his trousers,' sitting with a'çadlypuzzled look upon .bis fa:er before a. large wire trap.' ' 'In the trap is a rat with a haman hood-that head which Mr.;'Beresford Hope compared so disparag'ngly bn .'one occa- sion with Mr..' Linoolri's.' Perched near the trip.is a large bird, iookÎBg~not;Vpry,beneyn-. leritly ai the rat. ' Trie gentleman with' the i stars says, 'as he leans' bis head moodily upon ¡ his hand, "¡What on airth shall I do wi h thii'j pepky little orlttur ?-' If I turn it over to my .bird he'll make short work of it. - Af ter all, I am ba'f sorry I oanght i>.*\ The gentleman you may possibly have divined to be Unole Sam, bot you-Will probably be astonished to learn that the bird is th^t very eagle which, perched upon the h'ghost ..peak of the Rocky Mountain?, with; ,'one . eye. on the Allan io and, ' one upon the:. Pacific ocean, wa'ches vigilantly over the ^fortunes of; this "gullorions " Republio, flip- ping his wings con'inual y, and aeoreamin' dé- fi »nee to the universel This design and i's legend not inaptly express the general ¡ feeling, though not the general ' cbnvict'ori, about Mr. Davis and his fellow leaders bf '¿et rebellion. We feel that justice, prudence, rigbV demand that they should mOfor some 6ignát'p'unisb.men'. before the «-yes bf the whole ? country and the world} ánd'yet we¿ remembering that circum- stances grea'ly operated to 'make!, them what they are, and that it.is.noi altogether'heir fault that they did not bare a New England educa*, tiorj, shrink from the .thought bf seeing' tb m hanged.. Mri Davis must'be condemned to .death but were I President Johnson-1 would neither pardon -him and sand him in o exile, nor allow him to be hanged. If he were' pardoned on cpndit'oa.of exije, he .would merely lead a uom fortablo,'pe'rhapi a luxurious life abroad, re- ceiving muoh,attention :from cer'a'n 1 people. He nrist be conspiciously, punished, and yet not made á mar'yr either by, his imprisonment or his dea h. Therefore upon his condem- nation I would r'epreivo his seatence indéfi- ni ely, on condition that ;he gaye h's . parole never to'leave the country, and to report him- self onoe a month- lo' the judicial 'or roi itary officer of the Repub'ic,nearest to, bis place of residenoe, and once a year to the President:at. 'Washington. ' From any-position of public trust he is of course cut off. !If. necessary he should be.oomfortát ly supported at the expense of the riát'on.'v¡'His only punishment should ba that of owing his life to: the, clemency of 'the Government he sought to destroy, arid the .becoming humiliation of publicly acknowledge Tog Tts an h-jri y once a:mpbih.\ whilci ho lived. And such.au examplé would be more^j instruc- tive thanJa banging.;. . Thus, would I do with the'chief civil: and military leaders of the' re- bellion.; -i: .!. I-.-' .-? ? ! i ? 'i !..?:_?-.?.:..!.'.' Let me add ono word to ' those who are,giV; ing us the' advioe and admonition upon this snbjeat to. which I; have before referred. -It: ie this,-tbat if they really db not.desire toeee Jefferson.Davis and General Lee hanged, they will do well to cease their endeavours to teach our Goverom nt and our people ; what it be c >mes them to do in this matter.. Only-the other day a lady in whom I am somewhat in- - "terèsted and who, al hough she looks'not rwy like Men<or, or Minerva, someomes deems.her sbl rospbrisiie" for the daily revolution of the ' earth npon' its" axis,1 undertook to ? reprove a strange little boy for some peccadillo. Where- upon.another little boy' who was by, ode , in .whom also I am supposed (but quite erron- eously ¿ I assure jou) to be interested, began lo fidget «nd tv hop up ani down like a ben ona hot gridd e, and when the lady turned from her task lie ea:d, dropping ' bat bis words with a shy gaudiness that relieved them ol all disre Bpeotfulncs*, " Ma-ma, '? rna-ma. why-don't -you-mind-yo«- own-business ? You're not'lhat lif lobby's¡ mamá» and he'll only go and ¿p it moro. " > Wow to be- tempted by imper- tinent admonition to " go and do it more " may be a proof of groat degeneracy, brit still I con- fess! to you that although we should not yieid Tqdvjce such" as that we are now receiving, does! offer us a temptation or provocation. You may think,' however, that yon "are "this. little boy's mamma, ii nd the terna mother country " apppliedto Enghnd may seem to give Borne support',tp'sùéh on ' assumption. A moment's reflection, however, willi show you: that our position ia not that of parent and child, but of children of the same p'*Tahr. You'are' all, 1' think, even those who are mast' considerate, apt to forget that nlibotjgh ès ; an . indépendant political body this repablio is young, as a people we are exact'y as old as you are, and; with'a wider d'ffusibn among us of the1 very civili- sation of which you aro justly proud. Andi would say briefly to those gentlamen who - are now¡ endeavouring >p teach us humanity and what is for our interest,, that we do not r ega td them ns'at ail in a propor position to assumé 'the office.pf Men or to tire people. We think that tho events of the last four years bave shown that we anderstand ourafTsirsand our interests somewhat better than the gentlemen in question ; and os lo' humanity Bhown in tenderness to rebels, our memories are not ap short but that we know^ where to tarn for-fióme conspicuous exarpplos, to which they strangely refrain from pointing. A YANKEE. , j 