NEW BOOKS. (moir and LONDON coitnrsroiTDENT.) with History of the Sect of Maharajas, or Ynllabliáehúryas, in Western India, is a careful compilation from what has appeared in different forms ; but instructive to those who have not access to other works, but who wish to know about these Epicuruscs of the East. " A Collec- tion of the judgments of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in Ecclesiastical Cases relating to Doctrine and Discipline," has been made by direction of the Bishop of London. In his lordship's introduction he gives his decided opinion that there should be no change in the constitution of the final Court of Appeal. In " Notes on Brazilian Questions," Mr. Christie late D M. Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary in Brazil, has told the story of the Free Africans, the condition of slaves in Brazil, the Aberdeen Act, and the history of the claims of British subjects on the Brazilian Government. Among now novels worth reading are "Put to the Test;" "Paid in Full," by H. J. Byron, 3 vols. A " By the Sea," 2 vols "Nolly Miles," 1 vol. ; "The Three Watches," by TV. &. Wills, 8 vols. ; Lilliput Love, with illustrations by J. E. Millais and G. J. Pinwell, is a very entertaining book for old man, rather out of the common way. Some will be glad to know of the publication of the Memoir of Mr. J. V. Hall, the author of "The Miner's Friend." The last article in the North British Review is evidently by the same hand that wrote so genially about Thackeray. " John Leech" is the subject now. After some introductory remarks on the physiology and philosophy of laughter and English art humorists, the genius and skill of Leech are referred to at length. His accuracy of eye, his modesty as a man and as an artist, his sense of beauty, his careful workmanship, and his purity are noted. A long critique of his " Sketches in Oil," written by Thackeray, is quoted, and humorous illustrations from Punch are given. It is difficult to make an extract, but the lovers of Leech will be glad to read the following : " What we owe to him of wholesome, hearty mirth and pleasure, and of something better, good as they are, than either purity, affection, pluck, humor, kindliness, good humor, good feeling, good breeding, the love of nature, of one another, of truth-the joys of children, the loveliness of our homely English fields, with their sunsets and village spires, their glimpses into the pure infinite beyond-the sea and all its fulness, its waves ' curling their monstrous heads and hanging them, their crisping smiles on the sunlit sands all that variety of nature and of man, which is only less infinite than its maker ; something of this and of that mysterious quality called humor, that fragrance and flavor of the soul which God has given us to cheer our lot, to help us to take heart and hope and steer right onward,' to have our joke, that lots us laugh at and make game of ourselves when we have little else to laugh at or play with-of that which gives us when we will the silver lining of the cloud, and paints a rainbow on the darkened sky out of our own ' troublous tears.' Something of all those has this great and simple hearted, hard-working artist given to us and to our children, as a joy and a possession for over. Let us be grateful to him, let us give him our host honor, affection, and regard." One note is also deserving of record. It is worth mentioning, as it shows his true literary turn as a humorist, and adds greatly to the completeness of his drawings and of his genius, that all the funny, witty, and often most felicitous titles and word- ing of all sorts were written by himself;" he was most particular about this. From a good paper on " Epigrams" we may take the following Treason death never prosper what's the reason ? For if it prospor, none doth call it Treason." -Harrington. " On parent's knees, a naked new-born child, Weeping thou sat'st, while all around thee smiled ; So live, that sinking in thy last long sleep, Calm thou may'st smile, while all around thee weep." Sir IF. Jones. " Jack eating rotten cheese did say, I Like Samson I my thousands sloy.' It now, quoth Roger, ' so you do, ' And with the sole same weapon, too.' "-Anon. MEUJI AND TUTJM RECONCILED. " The law decides questions of Menin and Tuum, By kindly arranging-to make the thing Simm." " Tom, weak and wavering, even in a fright Lest he do something wrong, does nothing right." "Why wrap your thoughts in phrases learn'd and long ? If you would hide your moaning-hold your ' tongue." The paper, " The Rise and Progress of the Scottish Tourist" is a resume of the literature on Scottish scenery including the poetry and the itineraries. Beginning with Tacitus, we have references to the Irish monks, Cromwell and his troopers, Daniel Defoe, Dr. Johnson, and others. Then Alves, Oillics,Sbnkspearo, Smollett, Adam- son, etc, are laid under contribution. The writer next discourses on the influence of rivers in awaking reverential feeling, and remarks that " there is scarcely a river of any note in Scot- land that cannot boast some considerable poetic tribute." " Towards the end of the last century Highland scenery obtained a considerable rise in the market through the combined influence of foreign social powers, all working separately and independently of each other, but all helping in one cause. Those were Pennant, the traveller, Jane Duchess of Gordon, Robert Burns, and James Macpherson." " Of all those who have heard of Scott's ' Lady of the Lake,' only a few have heard of the little book called ' sketches descriptive of Picturesque Scenery on the Southern Confines of Perthshire,' published in 1866 by Patrick Graham Minister of Aberfoyle. Though it was Scott who made the Trossachs illustrious, Graham was their discoverer." A paper on " Spain " is very hopefully written. After sketching the events of the present reign, the existing Government and state of affairs is reviewed. " By the constitution now in force, that of 1815, the sovereign can do no wrong, and ministerial responsibility is fully recognised. The Government is carried on by nine ministers, -The President of the Council, the Ministers of Grace and Justice, of the Interior, of Public Welfare, of Finance, of War, of Marino, of the Colonies, of Foreign Affairs. The whole main- land is divided, for administrative purposes, into 47 provinces, over each of which is a civil governor, assisted by counsellors. Local administration is carried on by alkalies, also helped by councils. In the very smallest place there is a still humbler administrator, who is called the arcade pedigree. All these alkalies, great and small, must do as the minister of the hour commands. The population is steadily increas- ing, the use of meat is becoming more common, and the number of cattle and other domestic animals rapidly multiplying. Railway communication has rapidly developed. Coasting and foreign vessels are on the increase. Turn where we will, we see what marvellous changes an increase of science would work in this splendid country. There are rivers of wine, but it is rarely fit to drink. There are lakes of oil, but it is equally abominable. There are acres of peaches, but the fruit is a sort of turnip. There is no want of industry. The Spaniard works hard with his hands, as those of our engineers who have superintended railways in Spain are ready to testify. Sobriety is a common virtue Intelligence is not wanting, and elementary education is not so very backward. It is intelligent direction that is wanted ; central direction, if nothing better can be got; independent local direction, where that is possible." A searching paper on " Tests in the English Universities," others on " Topography of the Chain of Mont Blanc." "Essays in Criticism pointing out that " criticism will find plenty of occupation in Scot- land"), and "The Holy Roman Empire," make up a capital number. Macmillan gives us some more Extracts from Lady Duff' Gordon's Letters from Egypt." Here is a description of her visit to the tomb of the high-born Abul ïrajni :-" Yesterday I rode over to Karnac ; glorious hot sun and delicious air. Mustafa joined me, andprossodmo to visit the Shoykh's tomb for the benefit of my health, as he and Shoykh Yussuf wished to say father for me, but I must not drink wine at dinner. I made a little difficulty on the score of difference of religion, but Shey'kh Yussuf, who came up, said he presumed worshipped God, and not stones; and that sincere prayers were good everywhere. dearly the bigotry would have been on my side if I had refused any longer ; so in the evening I went with Mustafa. It was a very curious sight the little done, illuminated with as much oil as the mosque could afford, and beneath it the tombs of Abel Hajjai and his three sons. A magnificent old man, like Father Abraham himself, dressed in white, sat on a carpet at the foot of the tomb ; he was the head of the family of Abel Hajjni. He made me sit by him, and was extremely polite. Then came the nazi (magistrate), the case, a Turk traveller on Government business, and a few other gentlemen, who all sat down round us, after kissing the hand of the old Shoykh. Every one talked i in fact it was a source for the entertainment of the dead Shoykh. A party of men sat at the further end of the place, with their faces to the killed, and played on a tamboured (sort of small drum, stretched on Earthenware, which gives a peculiar sound), a tambourine Without boys, and little tinkling cymbals, fitting on thumb and finger (crosses), and chanted songs in honor of Mohammed, and verses from the Psalms of David. Every now and then, one of our party left off talking, and prayed a little, or counted his heads. The old Shoykh sent for coffee and gave me the first cup-a wonderful concession at last the nazi proposed a father for me ; which the whole group round me repeated aloud, and then each said to me : ' Our Lord God bless thee, and give thee health and peace, to thee and thy family, and take them back to the master and thy children ;' every one adding ' Ameen,' and giving the salaam with the hand. I returned it, and said Our Lord reward thee and all the people for kindness to strangers, which was considered a very proper answer. After that we went away, and the worthy nazir walked home with me. " In Cairo or Lower Egypt, it would be quite impossible for a Christian to enter a Shoykh's tomb at all above all, at his birthday festival, and on the night of Friday." " The Rash Vow," by T. H. Lewin, is a fine soliloquy in blank verse of a monk during the first night of his living en- comment. " The Shadow of Death," by Miss Cobbe, represents the last of the Druids as visited in his cave by seven suppliants. They are a queen, a knight, a rich, and generous brother, a bard a sago seeking and imparting knowledge, a maiden ministering to the weak and ignorant, and a mother-all lamenting unrequited love, and asking, ' What must I do to awaken his love?' After the appearance of an illustrative vision, the Druid turned mournfully to the suppliants, and said, " Only this solace hare I for your aching hearts sleeping cars will awaken when over him falls the shadow of death." There is on admirable little essay on " True Perspective in Art and Life," the gist of which way be gathered from the remark " There are some scope unfortunately so constituted that it is almost impossible for them to take a true view of things or persons." Goldwin Smith examines "The Proposed Constitution for British North America;" is not disposed to accept it without explanation, and en bloc, investigates the mean- ing of terms, and gives warning that what has become indigenous in the mother country may not bear transplanting. Dr. Hamilton tells about " The Early Years of Erasmus j" and the author of " Doctor Antonio" about San remo." The Hillyars and the Burtons, and " Son of the Soil' still continue. eraser reproduces the speech of the Dean of St. Paul's as it was delivered before the Clerical Subscription Commission in April 22,1864 area mg that subscriptions ineffective and atth'esatno time getting and demoralising to the subscribers Virginia, First and Last, is the title of an admirable and temperate paper written by one who sympathises with the Virginians in their present conflict, and anticipates for them yet an honorable career. Beginning with the poetic story of Captain John Smith and the Indian Princess Pocahontas, he traces the history of the state, and recalls many, pleasant associations with different localities chiefly referring to East Virginia. " Old Governor Spottswood -after whom the country is named Spottt-ylva names said to have tried to establish in the neighborhood of Fredericksburg a society on the pattern of Sir Thomas More's " Utopia " Tradition assigns a beautiful island in the Bap bannock, two miles above Fredericksburg, on which are some old ruins, but which is now uninhabited, as the locality selected for Utopia, much of this region was settled by Scotch families, whose descendants have always been the most prominent persons in the neighborhood. Douglas Gordon, of Fredericksburg, is perhaps the wealthiest man in Virginia . it is said that, foreseeing the present war, he managed to bring his money to England, but returned, and is now devoting his energies to the Confederacy. Amongst these early Scotch settlers were the brothers Campbell, one of whom was the father of the poet. It would seem that Thomas came near being a Virginian. His father retired from business, and returned to Glasgow about the time of his birth. There is a tradition in Virginia that the poet once visited that State, and that it was in full view of the fine scenery of the Rappahannock that he wrote "Lord Ullin's Daughter." But it is probable that, if the poet had ever gone to America, he would have taken a peep at the Valley of Wyoming, in Pennsylvania. A friend of the writer related that he once visited Campbell, who asked him if he had over seen Wyom- ing. On being told that he had, the poet asked if the description in Gertrude was anything like the place. My friend told the truth as gently as he could, that there was no resemblance at all ; upon which poor Campbell west front mortification." Here is the writer's view of the caused war : " The anti-Federal and State sovereignty party was by no means an especially pro-slavery party. It is only in modern times that it seized upon the rapid growth of anti slavery opinion in the North as a means of alarming the South, in order to secure its own darling projected dissolution of the Federal Union. It has been frequently asserted, and it is to be found in some of Mr. Seward's despatches, that the real wish of the Secessionists was not to destroy the Union but to rule it. This is true of most of the Gulf States. King Cotton would, no doubt, have been satisfied with perpetual rule over the Union. But the power behind his throne represented by the Carolinians and the Virginians was that of men determined to dissolve the Union at any risk to slavery. They were formerly the most earnest and cultivated men in the South. For the end of regaining that sovereignty of their States, which their fathers had voted away, they did not hesitate to incite the North to a more hostile attitude toward slavery." A short contribution from Mr. G. A. Froude, the historian shows " How Ireland was governed in the 16th century." He has come across some papers in the Record Office, unquestionably authentic, which prove that the representatives or servants of " Good Queen Bess " rather liked a little human slaughter, and Blow without sufficient reason men, women, and children. A paper on "The Law of Honor," gives the history of duelling, and reasons for its practice. The writer thinks a return to it preferable to the dishonorable and disgraceful language and practices of the mess-room. Miss Cobbe contributes a second paper on " The Hierarchy of Art." " Gilbert Buggo" and "The Amulet are continued. Other papers are on "Merivalo's Ser- mons on the Conversion of the Roman Empire" -(the Boyle Lecture)-" Working Men's Clubs and Institutes," and" Law Reporting." Blackwood contains second parts of "The Right Honorable W. Gladstone, M.P.," "Eto Riana," and " Miss Marjoribanks." This young lady gains some more victories, but meets with one rebuff, displays her self-conceit, and never forgets to tell her new friends that her " grand object in life is to be a comfort to papa." In an article on " William Blake " there is the following passage-way are all periodical we are all but portions of the same mighty stream. This ephemeral nature of our literature is not due to want of talent, but is the very opposite cause, to the redundancy of talent. One novel obliterates another, not because the first was unworthy to live, but because the second is as worthy as the first. To the second comes a third equally worthy. The public hundred-handed as it is, cannot hold them all, and as the newest is the most attractive, it must, of force, drop the old ones while it stretches forward to the now. Can you expect The charm of style to preserve a hook P The English language could not be better written than it often is for a composition confessedly intended to last for a single day. It is true, how over that a great audience is to be spoken to in that single day. A Times newspaper in its short life, has had more readers than Milson's poem gained through half a century. It holds the position of the orator rather than of the writer. We all in a measure rather speak than write. The very advance of our knowledge tends to abridge the life of our best books.- Science can hardly be said to have any literature is it has only a record of its progress. The ablest text book is superseded in a few years. Our books of science, like our law books, are worth nothing, if they are not of the last edition. And, of late years, history has been much in the same predicaments science. So many new sources of information have been opened and so many new points of view revealed to intelligent criticism, that our most advanced historians rather give us contributions to the history of some period than attempt the final record of that period." A reviewer of " Sir E. Bulwer Lytton's Poems," of which a new edition has just been published, gives them qualified praise, they are "delightful," but "grave and sombre." "Guy Neville's Ghost" is a capital tale, and Piccadilly, an Episode of Contemporaneous Autobiography," part 1, is first rate. The only other piece is " The Tuft Hunter." " A word for an ill-used class, O'Dowd They say I'm a Tuft hunter.; but I say the Tuft haunts me, And in the mutual league we've made, Pm needed more than he. He finds the wine, I find the way; we both are well required But ask if his good things or mine have most The guests delighted. I bring it to this issue, and there cannot be a plainer ; At last night's east, should he or I be called the Entertainer.' " Cornhill contains a paper on "The Present Position of Landscape Painting in England, pointing out the scope and aims of landscape painting, the present state of its appreciation in this country, and expresses the belief that full justice has not been done it, and that there are few who really love nature. Another paper on "The Winds," speaks of their origin and their characteristics in different parts of the world. "Iserecia d'Addio," is a Garibaldian reminiscence. " Willie Band" is a poem. A Midsummer Eido in South China," describes men and manners and scenery. "Armada and "Wives and Daughters" keep up their interest. The Owl after its hibernation has begun to shoot' again ; some readers will be glad to listen to it : THE TORY ULYSSES. The measure which, in my own mind, is paramount, is the formation of some tribunal of last appeal in spiritual matters, which the circumstances of the day imperatively demand. ? Mr. D'Israeli at Oxford, November, 1861'. " It little profits that an idle chief, Matched with a helpless team, I mate and dole Unlikely hopes to a Boeotian race That vote, and speak, and cheer, but has not me. I cannot rest from office : I must drink Power to the lees ¡ all lines I have essayed, invective and corruption, both with those that served me, and alone against Pam., and when Through misty periods Gladstone s eloquence grayed the fogged house, I am become a joke ¡ For always struggling with a hungry heart Much have I tried and failed ; cabals of men, Divisions, parties, councils, governments, M.yself not least, but salaried of them all And drunk delight of battle with the Whigs, Oft in the stinging strife of wordy war, I've held a part in all that I have met ; Yet all experience is an arch where thro' Gleam those far distant years, whose outlines fade For over and for over when I move. How dull it is to pause, to make an end to rust on pension, not to draw full pay And this grey spirit yearning in desire To lead the Tories, like the Magi's star, Up the the cradle where their advent lies. There lies the bench, the Treasury Bench, I mean There girl it treacherous seas. My hierarchy Souls that at Oxford lately thought with me, Ibid you, with a frolic welcome, take Hope's happy ray of sunshine, and prepare Your votes and speeches : you and I are old, And so is Parliament ; but ere the end Some work of noble note may yet be done, Not unbecoming men that would be Lauds. Election lights are twinkling o'er the land ; The session wanes : " dissolve" is heard the Church JIoanB round with many voices. Come, my friends, In Convocation start this new idea. Unite, and, acting well together, suite All vulgar heretics. For my purposes A Court of High Review 'twill well suffice To advocate and " Church in danger" cry. It may be that the House will wish us down, It may be we shall pass our little bill, And reap the grateful kudos 'twill confer. That much is taken much abides and the We are not now that strength which in old days Used sword and take that which we are, we are Our ardent temper of ambitious hearts Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will, As much as we have lost again to win." " Soni Soit Qui Mal y Pense. A year ago, poor Denmark cried For aid, which we refused the martyr ; But since he's only one log left, we've tried To bind up one wound with-a Garter. " Deputation," says the Chancellor of the Exchequer, " is a noun of multitude, which signifies many, but does not signify much." PUNCH.-" Here and there." Song by Crown. Here we are ! Let you and me Think how long we've here to stay, We are here now, ah, but We shall be there another day 1 When we weren't born, there we were. Here when we no more remain, Then again we shall be there, Shouting, " Here we are again " Pr/Non.-The Extradition of Criminals. A Hungry Paupor " enquires whether they have the extra dish because they are criminals. Our Curate ; or, Jidia's Occupation Gone. Amelie (glancing mournfully at the curate, as he passed by with an air of indifference to every thing sublunary, and attired in the style of Brother Ignatius). "Oh, Julia, it's no use working slippers for him, and mamma says she is sure he don't want braces ; so what must we do to save him from marrying out of the parish." Oxford University Intelligence The Bodon Professor will lecture on Cicero's Oratory and the Oratory of Brompton. At the Taylor Insti- tution there will be lectures on the Habits of the Ancients. The Professor of Political Economy will lecture on the " Theory of Rout." The text for his first discourse will be " Don't you wish you may get it in The Margaret Professor will, every Tuesday and Thursday evenings during the ensuing term, give "Woman, lovely woman," as a toast. At Corpus there will be the usual lectures on Bantingism. Tim Professor of Logic will give lectures on his own premises. Pretty near the Mari;.-" What do I think of the Davenports ? " said Smith, the other night, after attending a séance, " Why, I think they areacouploof rather clever conjurors el veils tied!" Recognition The Federals must not be angry with us, but every time we go to see the juggling of the Davenports, or other humbugs, wo recog also the Confederates, The Gentility of Speeches the Music HOME, visitors now call for " another acrobat," when they want a second tumbler. Earning his Certificate.-Stonily Doctor: " And no port, mind ; if you drink port wine you'll have another attack of gout, as sure as fate." Country Gentleman : " Quite certain Doctor: " No doubt about it." O.G.! The very thing. You stay and dine ; we'll have some of that 34, and-I'm summoned on a jury the day after to-morrow !" The Davenports Undone, Sure the Davenport Brothers got To the end of their rope, well-nigh When that Ferguson made the knot Which their spirits could not undo. Make Sim a Peer. Having finished his Iliad And ceased to be busy, Lord Derby should try And translate his Odd-Dizzy. Our Foreign Relations Cousins German, ftwamenivorous animals. Convocation. Motto for Smokers.-"II cigarette perossor felice." Express from the Kitchen.-" Mary thanks the milkman for MR valentine. She knew it was from him, because it was written on the best cream laid. Her feelings trolly with his." A Trifle for Sutherlandshire Why was the Garter given to the Duke of Fire Engines To keep up his horse. Frank Termination of the Emperor's Speech. -" Utopia is to welfare what imperialism is to liberty, and what Illusion is to truth." Literary Intelligence A Cambridge undergraduate is informed that paleontology has nothing to do with the works of the author of the Evidences of Christianity." The Gentlemen of the Long Robe. Baby boys before they are shortened. 