wnwemeninnd instruction oEthqVwboattenae9. Brides this, they were in need of . a readintr-room and library nlthousUthey.wereablerto have i, rood library in Sfc Pranas Xavier's HalL . ;Youncr men would ; be able to come there . and mend an hour or two in mental recreation, and inad'Htion to this, a handsome museum might be brought together, including the products of t.iat beautiful country and specimens of their minerals. Further than this, the room would be used as a place wherein the children of the flock-the little lambkins of the fold— would receive the rudiments of their education, so as to remove the dancer of their being taken from the Church in which they had been baptized. Here they would be suli jected to instruction ? at the hands of Christian brethren, and be able to go home without awakening a fear in the minds of their anxious father and mother that their faith would be .tampered, with between the mo' niug and the evening. The Bev. Father briefly referred to the position of the Church in the Indies, and stated that the building would be opened free of debt. The money was cominjr in, and they relied also upon the generous offering} of those present, whom he would now invite to deposit their gifts upon the stone. The snm placed upon the stone at the conclusion of the address amounted to about £72. During the proceedings one or two photographic views of the scene were taken. LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF ST. FUANUS XAVJKK'S HALL. The founriation-Ftone of St. Francis Xavicr's Hall was laid un Tucv.lny, August Ii— a d. y *ct a art in the ltomish Calendar as the FcaH of the .iRciitnrvit.ii The building will be altogether without external ornamentation lu ditncnMi-h-- an.'— Length, 70 feet; breadth, ;-3 tuet; huiu'li: u- ihe top nt the ridgj iusid , 3 - f--' 'J he w.ills aiu to be of Glen U.-uiuiiii ttonc with brick ilre.SMiivH throughout, and the My.e u, the windows is to lie early pointed 4 idthir. Tl.u roof will be open timbered, plastered ItuU'een the purlins, cuvltlM with slate, aud uurmuuiiU'd by an oraaiiu uiul iron ridging. Behind the hurl wih be iittadicil (. oni.iiiitee ruoniB. The present contract is lor XI, 55:!, ui.d it is expected that Uie cutiie tumliiiK will lie con.pi- le«l within rive months. The builder is Mr. Alc.Mallcu, und tlin nrnm-ds Messrs. Wright A; Woodi. On the morning of Tui-Mlny a laigc concour.se of people assemble] in the C.ithc Ir.ti, wucre High Mass was performed. Tho c c.^y, i'i-n;;wiing of the Jkev. I'uiikrs Smjth, lte}ii-il-lK, Kusell, JJou.garte, von oer lievdc, and O'Connor, all drtbbed iu tbeir robed, nurched in nmcctiMiui to the flout, where thu stone wuttubchiid, aii'l ivherc u very large a:semlilagu of peojiiu liuti collected,, unil took tliiM' piace upon a temporal) ina-lnim, above which waved the flag of the CaMiolic i'ountf Men's Society. Mr. M. 11. 11\ vis then came forward and lead the following atMrtss :— 'The Hev. father Smyth, .Ad. Aps. 'We the Caihulicj of Atiehiiae, a win bled to day on the uustHCKAH uccau.o.i of laying the fuundatioii-stoi.t; ul :i building whicii we hope and believe will be greatly conducive io i lie cdmcation and I'.nlightcnruen, ul Uie Catholic coininuuitjv cannot, unoiv u, h opportunit.) i - p.tKi uitnuui testifyijg in Fomc degree thu high respect aud Cjieciu in which we hod you as our ;jri.stor. ' In commemoration o: the eu-n:, mid us most appropriate to dm pie»eut oc as on, wo big your acceiiunce of the nccuinjiiuyui;; tc. n.iionial:— ' Malcolm 11. Davis 'M. AUAlulicii J. W Jitiaii 1». I- itzjiiiriek S. 1'earce Creagh L'. McAllister J. J. Uronin j.hi. .io JJ,ily. Al. McDonald AV. McAauite.' ij. Siipuir Mr. K W. Wuight said- Keverend Sir, I have b^en desired on Uie piejcnt oi-c.i&uu; t» rcuuent your acciptancu ul UiiairiMel, witu which tiuhopo you will to-day l;iy the fnundation-riuitie -?! ihia building. I trust you will keep it as a memento uf this exceedingly auspicious evjut, uiu uuii/iaiter years you wm luo i-pi-n it with delight sw being the iiioinment with which the firsl- stone of so important u iaiiIuu.l: wax nnd, un-l us un indication of the eslee.n in which you have been hem by the community of wi.khjou are the pastor. J also trust tliat this will no; bs the last time tliat you will have occasion to use it. .The llev. J. Smith said lie felt much gratified at receiving this teaumunul un an occasion wh.di liad been truiy charoctenz -a as an uu -uiciuu.i uiic'. lie would ever preserve it, and trus;cd that in a ter years the remembrance of tuut wcrioioii would tend to cement the attachment existing between thrill as pastor and people. Uu requited Mr. Wright to give oia best thanks to those who had deputed him to present him withttiat beautiful Kilt. Ihe trowel was of silver, ami the inscription, which was Kurrouudud by elegant oinainciitation. was as follows :-'A.M.D.U. J'rebouted to the Very licv. John Smyth, Ad. ApB., mi the occa sion of laying the foundation t-tone of .-'t. Francis Xavier's Hall, ? Adelaide, oa the Feast uf Uiu As^umptilln. 1865.' The uedkatoiy service was then commenced, the Bcv. Father Smyth miking the sign of the trust* on the stunc, and repeatiux the words -In nuinitic Pa- ru,etJftlii,etSptrilusSancti. Amen. Jlethcn la:d the stone, employing the pomiticaJ ritual:— 'In the faith of ,i to us Ohrisu we place thnlirst stone of this foundation jn thu nameof the Father, and of the Sou, aud of the Holy Ghost, that there, through faith, may flourish xhe fear of tJod and brotherly love; tliat this place may l« destined to invoke and praise tlie aauie of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, witii l,he _ Father and the Holy Ghost, lives and reigns, one U.jd for ever and ever. Araen.'j The Uev.-Father afterwards read- the full owing words, Icing the translation of a document which, together with the usual coins and newspapers, had been euclo -cd in a jarplactdinareceia of tne t-UMa just laid*— ''On the Festival of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Maiy to. Heaven, 1805; in the year cf the Pontificate of Pius, P-.pe the Ninth, the 2;Mi;of Victona the First, Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, the 28tii; oir Domihick Ua!y being Go vernor of the province, thereof Adelaidu tjeing vacant; a large concourKe of pei sous l^ing present; y tiie assisting priests beiu^ Patrick Thomas l£us.--el^X Xhepdore liomgarte, Cliarles von der Heyde, Micliael O'Connor, andC. A. tternoldt; the Very liev. John bmytfe, Administrator Apostolic of the Diocese of Adelaide, lai-i this foutidatiou- siouo of ^L Francis Xavier's Hall.' Ihe choir thsn chanted' the 'Miserere,' and the clergy, having reformed Low procesMun, made a circuit uf the fouudat ons. 'Jhe JKtv. Father wivth then addressed the audience, remarking tliat tho want of a room of that kind had been felt for t-. lung tune. Institu tion*, the offspring of L'nt'iolk jtloctiinea and Catholic teachings had o^rVJig.up around them. Catholic ideas hid taken tangible shape in the formation of this fjociety aud that confraternity: but they had only hii a limited space for development, anil their growth had been thus retarded, &i; tbe growth of even a healthy plant was retarded when the jp^jce'srju too tmafl to allow of its expansion. Ko-iu was required wherein attention might; be paid to things which were quasi-Church: matters, although, precsely jpeaking, they belonged neitlier to Cathedral »« Church ; and they had come iy the determination to supply that want' Lai^ge arid useful, however, as that' buiidnig would Tie. it would hardly be extensive; enoiun , for thi purposes for which it whb infidel:;. Vew Todtni \yere, so geheraily in use as St, Xavier's Hull would be- It would be a Place for the monthly meetings of theUotholic yotmg , Men's . rioclety, ' and for Iheir quarterly |i3irM'und«tekea for their own benefit,' arid the 