A NIGHT IN THE VTATEB. " * (from toe Atlantic Monthly.) EfMOHiHo) tbe faltbar end ol the eauiew >y, I foand my men eooobed, like bliek statues, beblod the slight earth, «oik there eonstruoleoY I expected that my proposed immeraion would rather bewilder them, bat knew that they woald say, nolblDg, aa asa»]. Aa for tba lieutenant on that (Oit, be «ai a steady malto'-of.fiat perfectly di», olplined ; Eogliabmen, who wore a Crimean medal, and ttever asked a snpeifloons qqeatlon tn bia life. If I bad easmlly remarked to bim, '. Mr, Hooker, the General bi» ordered me OB a brief personal reaonnaisanoe t^o tbe Planet Jupiter, end I wish yoa to take care of my wratab, lest itsboald ba damaged by tbe Precession of the Equinoxes," he- would hire responded with a brief " All right ' Sit," and a qoiek military, gesture, and have pnt the thing in bis pcoket, ' A3 it wa?, I simply gava "bim (he witob, end roraorked thtt I was going to take a swim. : I do not remember ever to bare exper.' enocd a greater sense ol exhilaration than when I slipped sioiselessly Into tbe pla'old water, and stratk oat into the smooth, eddying outrent for tbe opposite shore. Tbe night was to still end lovely, my black statues looked so dreamlike at their posts hablad the low earthwork, the opposite aim.of the OBUsew.ay Bt.retc.hed ab invitingly from lbs rebel main, the horizon glimmered so low,around me -for it always appears lower to a swimmer than even to an caraman-that 'I seemed Dotting in some ooncave globe, some magic oryatal, of which I was the enchanted oentre. With eaeh little ripple of my steady progress all things hovered and cb?nged ; the stars danced- sad nodded above; ? whéié 'the stars ended, the great Southern fire.flies began; and aloBer than the flre.flief, there elong around me a halo of phosphores- cent sparklee fromlbe soft salt wsterv. Had I told any one of my purpose I should baye had 'warningi and re. tnonetronoBB enough. Tho few negrosa .who did not bsliove in alligators believed in sharks i the sceptics aa to sharks wera orthodox in rospaot to alligators, while those who rejjo'ed both bed prlrata prtjadloea SB to snapping.lorilee, Tbe surgeon would bsvo threatened intermittent fever, the first assistant rheumatism, and the seoond assistant oongostiva ohtlls; non.swimmers would utve nrodleted exhaustion, and ewimmers orama : .nd all Ibis beforo coming within ballet.lange ol any bospitalilies on tho other shore. < Bit I knew tba folly ol most al »rm 3 about reptiles and nUbes ; man's imagina. Mon people the* water wita many tbiogs wbiob do not belong tbtrejor prefer Iq Veep ont of his.way. If they do; farer* and congestion^ where the eargiot/s baslness, and I always kept people'to their own department ; cramp »nd exhaustion were dangers I oonld measure, as I bad olieo done ¡ ballets were a more snbatantial ' danger.'nnd I moat fake tba ohance-ita loon opald diva at tbe fl isl', why not If It I were once ashore," I ahonld hare to cope with the rebels on their own ground, wbloh they knew better Iben TY but the water- was my (tronad, where I, too, bad been at homo from boyhood. I swam as swiftly and softly as leonid, although it seemed as if water never ha i been so-Still before. It oppeared Im poasib'e that anything uncanny should hide beneath that lovely mirror'; and yot when, soms 'Hotting W)BP ol reedB suddenly dolled .itoclf around my neik, or sime unknown thing,' drilling deeper, coldly todebod my foot, it gave ~ that undefinable eenaa ol Shudder which every swimmer . knows, and wbiob especially < appeals to tba imagination by night. Sometimes a alight sip of brooklets water woald enter my lips,-for I natarally tried lo swim BR IJW as possible,-and tben.wonld follow a slight gasping and oontest against oboklug, snob SB eoeraed to mo n per- fect ooDvultioD ; for I suppose tho tondenoy to ohohùaod sneeze ia always enhanced by the circumstance that ono's life moy depend on kecpiog o'ill, just as ya wning becomes irresistible wheie to yawn would be eooial ruin, and jast ts one. is sure to eleop in oburob, il one sits la a ooo splouoas paw. At otber times, soma anguarded motion would croats a eplaabiog whiob seemed, in the t maloo ol my senses, to be loud eooagh lo be beard atR!ahmon<J, although it really mattered not, linee Ibero are.fisbaa ia thosa' rivetB wbToh make es maob noise on epeólal ocoa« sloas, aa if they were misguided yoong whale*. As I drew n ar the opposite shore, tbe dark causeway pro- jected more and more dlallnetly, to my fanoy at least, and I swam mvre softly alli.'; utterly uneertain JB to bow f«r, in tbo o'.lllaecs of cir and water, my phosphorescent oourse oould ba (raced by eye or ear. A slight rippio would boro saved me from observation. I was more than ever sore, nod I would have «hls'led for a fair wind BB eagerly as soy sailor, .bat that my breath was worth roora than anything it ona 1 bdy tobrinr. The irater beoame emcothor and emojllie-, end n' thing broke the dim surface except a few cl ara pa of rashes and ray an . fortunato hoad. The ontaido of thia member gradually .seamed to ita inside a g'giatla magnitude ; it had always annoyed me et tba ba tui'e from a merely nniua.l bigness, with no aommensurato contenta to abo» for ir, ?nd how I detested it more thin ever, A physical feeling of torgeasenoe and congestion io that region, snob se swimmers often feel, probtblj ioortased the impresaion. I thought with tory ot tba Aztea ohtldren, ol the head« less bor enan ot Sleepy Hollow, of Saint Somebody wltb Ela bead tacked aadet his arm, Plotlaus was less ashamed of his whole body, tban I of thia inconsiderate and stupid appendage. To be Bore, I migbt swim for a certain distanoe under waler. - But that accomplishment I bad reserved (or a retreat, for I anew that ihi longer I stayed down the more surely I sboold have to snort Uko a walrus when I o imo up again, and to appiojob sn enemy with snob a demonstration was not to ba thought of. Suddenly« deg biikad. We had certain information that a pack of boanda was kept at a Babel station a few miles off, on parposa to hunt runaway?, and I bad beard from tbs negroes almost (abalóos accounts ot the ineiinot ol these animals. I knew that, althoagb water hi flt d their scent, tbey yet oould recognise in some manner (he approach of any perBon aerees water OB readily ss by land; and of the vlgllanoe of all doss by night every traveller amor/g So at hero plantations has ample demon, stratton. ' I waa now BO near that I oould dimly see the Agares of men moving to and fro upon the end of tbe oaaseway, and could bear tbe dall knock, when one Btraok his foot against ? pieoe cf timber. As my first ob- ject was to ascertain whether there were sentinels at that lime at that prcclee point, I saw that I waa opprcaohiDg the end ol my ex périment. Oould I hive once readied tbe oaaseway unnoticed, I oould bara larked in tbs water benorth its projecting timbers, and 'perhaps made my wray along the maia chore, as I hid known fugitive alavés to do, while eoming'(rom that side, Or had there been any ripple on the water, to confuso the aroused and watohfal eyes, I could have mase a olroait and approaoued the oiuBewjy at another point, though I had already satisfied myself that tbere waa only a narrow channel on raib side of it, even at blgb tide, and not, as on our Bide, a broad expanse of water. Indeed, this knowlodgo alone waa worth all th* Irúukle I bad taken, and lo attempt ntaoh mote than Ibis, In the faoo of a oatiosity already . loused, woald hive been a waste of fútate opportunities. I ooald try again, with the benefit of this new knowledge, ona point where tbe statements'of tho negroes bad always been oootr.diotorj. Bjsoltlng, however, to ooo« tlnuo tbe observation a very little longor, Blnae tho wattr felt muoh warmer tban I had oxpeeted, and there.was no sense cf obill or fatigue, I grasped al soma wblaps ol straw or rushes that floated ne.r, gathering them rooud my face a little, and then, dri'tina noarer tba wharf in what ?eemed ? «oit ol eddy, WBB able, without oreating fnrtbor alarm, to mike Boms additional obauvntione on pointa Which it IR not beet noir to ptrtlerjlarleo, Th.-n, turning my beek upon Ibe myilotlous ebore wbiob had Ibuo far tared me, I oink softly below tbeaurfnco and Bwana ae far aa I oould under waler Daring Ibis unnecn retreat, 1 hoard, of OOUIBB, all manner of gurgling?, and hollow reverberation0, and oonld faeoy as many nih-shotr as I pleased. Bat on liting to tho nmfnco ult seemed quiet, and even I did not oréate os m nob noiae SB I should Lave expeoted. ' I was now at a safe distance, slnoo they wcro always ebaiy of showing their boals, and they would hardly tobe personally lo the wstob, Wbat with Absorbed attention firs', «nd thia submission afterwards, I hod IOBI ell my beatings bot . the atara, having been lang om of Bight of my original point of ¿opinare. Hoverer, Ibo dlfSealties ot the return wero nothing; making e. »light allowanoe for tho flood-tide, which oould not yet have tamed, I should soon regain tba pUoe I hid leif. So I struck ont fie.hly against the smooth water, feeling j isl a little stiffened by tho exertion, ind with on occasional chill running na the bask of tbe or ok, but with no nips from sharks, no nudges from »ltlgatore, and no'a symp- tom of fever.acd «gue. Time I oould not, of conree, measure-ono never em, In a novel postilen ¡ but, «dor a leisonahle amount ol swimming, I begin to lock, «i'll a raturai interest, for t*e pier wbiob I had quitter'. I nolleed, with some solioltutle, that tho wood H H'OIR thc friendly shore nudo one continuous rhtdow, fad that tho Hue of low bathes on tho larg O-DBCW .J oould noarcalj bs relieved agilnit them, yet X know where (hoy OURUI to bo, and tte more doubtful I felt about il, the moro 1 put down my doubt', ai if they wera unreasonable children. Ooo oan iraiaely eaneeive of tho atterutiori raids in familiar objeels by bringing tho cys imlow au the bcr'ioo, eepecfally by tight; to distinguish lor. Bhortenlog ls imposable, sad every low near objcot h equivalent lo one highor ard more tamotp. Still I bud t'.e Blore; and soon my ey«, mjro practised, Nts oiinbVii to.elrot ono preolie Uno of bushes as thai whl.-ii marl ol tho cn nae wey, and (or wbío't X must dircol my c«ur .-e. A< I nwarn steadily, but '/dh tomo «mua cf i.Ms'tc. tow, tl j this pbenion..'ino, I fouad it difficult lo fctjep m. filth atendy and roy progrea« trae, everything appeared to ehlt't and waver in the nneirtala light. .Tbs distict trees seemed noe trees, bat bashes, aaa thebaebesseemed not exiotlf bnbbes, bat might, after all, be diatant trees. O mid I be so eonfident tba! oat of all tbat low atretob nf shore 1 ooald self ot the one preeise point whore the ,friendly causeway etretohed ita long erm to rooeive me from tie water ? How easily (some tempter wbis. 1 pered.in my ear) might one swerve a little on either olde, «nd be compelled to flounder over half a mile ofoczy marsh on an ebbing tide bifore reaching our own shore 'and tbat hospit.bin volley-of ballets wltb wbioh it woald probably greet mt I Hid I not already (tba« the tempter .continued) been swimming rather unacooantably far, supposing me on a straight Iraak for that inviting spot where my Rentineta and my drapery were awaiting my ratura f Soddenly I felt a sensation «a of fia? ribbons drawn softly against my person; end I found myself among cone rashes. Bal what bdsIosBS bid rushes there, or 1 among -them 7 I knew there wis not a solitary spot of sboil in the deep obannel where I snp. posed myself swimming, and it wes plain in an instant that I bad somehow missed my ooaree, and moat be getting am oe g the marshes.- I felt oocfldent, to bo sure, tbat I oould not have widely erred, bat - waa guiding my oourBStor tbe proper. Bide of the river.- But wbetber I bad drift d above or below tbe esuseway-I bad not tbe slightest aloe to tell.-. 11 pushed steadily forward, with some increasing aenae of lassitude,.casting one marshy {.itt «(ter another, or seeming strangely out ot plaae, and Bometimei Jost reaob ng with my foot a aol! tremu- lous sboil wnfon gave eoaroe tbe-shadow, of « «apport, tboagh even tbat abadow rested my feet. At one of these moment* ot stillness, it suddenly occurred to my per ooptfoo (what nctbicg bat this slight oontast esuld have BBBured me in tbe darkness) tbat I .was ia a !powerlal ourrent, and tbat thia outrent set tbe: wrong way. In. stantlv s flood ot new intalliaenaa aime. Klther I had anoonsoloualy tamed end was rapidly nearing tbe rebel shore-a suspicion wbiob a glonoo at the stars oorrected -.ir elBs it was tbs tide itself nbiob bsd "turned, and wbiob was sweeping me down tbs tiver with ail its loree, sod was also snaking away at every moment tbe narrow« lng water from tbat treaeherons expanse ot mad ont of whoie horrible miry embraoe I bsd lately helped to resens a shipwrecked erew. Either alternative was rather formidable. I eau di Knotty remember tbat for ebcat one half.minuta (be whole vast ' universe appeared to Bwimln the esme watery uncertainty In wbloh I floated. I began to doubt everything, to diBtruBt the stars, tho lina il low boshes for wbiah I was woaiily striving, tbe very land on wbloh they grew, f such' 'visionary things oould be rooted anywhere. Doubts trembled in my mind like the weltering water, and that awful sensation of having one'a feet unsupported, wbiob benumbs tbe spent nwimmet's heart, seemed to olatoh at mine.tbongb not yet tom'or lt.. I was mora absorbed in tbst singular sensation of nightmare, such as ene may feel equally wheo lost by land.or by water, aa if one's own position were all right,.but tbe plaoe looked fer had somehow been preternaturally abolished out.of the.uni. verse. Al beet, might not.a men in the water lose all bia power of direction, end so move io an endless eirale until be saab exhausted t It required a . deliberate and 'eon. soloua effort to keep my brain quite ooo*. I have not the reputation ol being of an. oxoitabie temperament; but tho contrary ; yet I oonld at tbat moment see my way to a oonditloo in whlob one might beoome insane in on initenr. It was as ifa fissure bsd been opened somewhere, and I saw my way-la to .a madhouse ; then it closed, anet ' everytbiog went on os before. ¡ Ones in my Ufo I had obtained a . slight glimpse of the ? same sensation, snd then too, strangely enough, while swim* ming-in the mightiest .coean-surgo into whioh I bad ever dared to plunge my mortal body. Keats hints at the same sadden emotion, ia o wild poem written among the Scottishmountains. It waa not the dist'nj. tire Bensatiou wbiob drowning men are said lo hive, that apanmodlo passing In review of one's whole per- sonal bistsry. I had no well.dtfined anxiety, felt no fear, was moved to no prayer, did not give a thought..to homo or friends; only it swept cvar rae; as with a sudden tempest, that if I meant, to get baek to my own oamp, I moat get my wits about me. I mast not dwell on any other alternative, any more tban a boy .who climbs a. »ireolpioe mnst look donn.. Tmflolnatfnn had nd hnpIflflRS hAifl. . That wn« madness lar. There «as a shore somewhere before me, and I mast get to lt. by the ordinary mean«, bofore the ebb laid bare the flits, or swept me belo» tbe lower beads of tba stream. . That was all. Soddenly a light gleamed for an instant beforo me, as it from a boase in a grove of grfot trees apon a bout: and I know thit it oams from the window of a rained planteiioc-bailding, where our most advanced outposts bad their headquarters. The flash revealed to me every point of the Bitastion. I Btw (t o ri oe where twas, and bow I got there; that tbe tide had tamed while I was swimming, sod with o tn ooh bricfez interval of Blaotc.water than I had been led to Buppoae-'.hat I had bren Ba opt a good way down-stream, and waa far beyond all poasibllily-of resining the point I had left. Gould I, however, retain my strength to swim one or two hundred yards farther, of wbiob I had no doabt, and if tho water did not ebb too rapidly, of whi:h I bad more fear, then I was quito tafe. Every strobe took me moro and moro oat of tbe power of the oarrent, «ad there might even ba an eddy. I oould not afford to be carried down muon farther, for there the ohannelmade a swoop toward the wrong tido of the river; bat tl ere wai. now no ,reason why this should happen, leonid dismiss ell fear, indeed, except tbat of being fired upon byourown Bentinelp, ' roaDy of whom were then new reoraita, and with the usual disposition to shoot first end investigate aftervarde. I found myself swimming in shallow and shallow«r water, and the flits seemed almost bato when I ne.red the ettore, where,tbs great gnarled brunohea of the live-oaks bung far over the muddy bank. Floating on my back for^noiselesaniBB, I paddled rapidly in with my bands, expeoting momentarily to hear tbe oballenge of the picquet, and the ominous aliek so likely to follow: I kaew tbat somo ono sboald be pacing to and fro, along that beat, bat ooald not tell at what point he might bo at that preciso moment. B ¡sidos, there WOB a faiut possibility that soms chatty corporal might have carried tbe nows ol my bath tbas far along the line, and they might be partially prepared for this unexpected visitor. Soddenly, like another flisb, came the quiok, qnaint ohallcnge-"Haiti Who's go dar ?" ''P.Miicnd with the co countersign," retorted I, witb chilly, bat coneiliatory energy, rising at tall length out of tbesba'low water, tn Bbow myself a man and a brother. >' Advance, friend, and givo the countersign," responded the literal Boldier, who at such a time would have ooooBted a spirit ol tight or goblin damned with no otber formula« I ndvanoed and gave it, he reoognlsing my voice at once. And then and tberi*, aa I stco 1,a dripping ghost, beneath tho trees before him, tbe unconscionable fellow, wishing to oxbauat upon me the utmost resonreeB ol military hospitality, deliberately preaented arma I Now a soldier on picquet, or at night, usually presents a'me lo nobody ; but o aentlnel on oamp-guard by day la exp otod tb per* form tbat ceremony to anything in human shape that has two rows of battons. Hero was a human shape, bat so utterly battonlesa that it exhibited not even a reg to whlob a bnttoo oould by any eartbly poafibility be appended, buttonleaa even potenlitlly; and my blamc loaa Ethiopian presented aims lo evan IhiB. Win rc, theo, aro the theories ol Oirlyle; tba axioms of "Sartor Besarlos," the inability of humanity to oonceivo "a nahod Dake of Wiudloslraw addreisiag a naked Hoase of Lords f." Cautioning my adherent, however, as to the proprletlas snitablo for euch ooeaelons thenceforward, I loft bim watching tho river, with renewed riglaaao and awaiting tho next merman who should report himself. 