ITEMS. The Steamer Chow Phya left Singapore May 8th, arrived at the bar 13th inst, and and at Bangkok at 11 A.M. 14th inst. Passengers, Per Ghost Phya. Messes. Allen, Honbey and Capt. Hicks. H. R. M. Str. Princess Royal, Vice Admi- ral King is on passage for this, and may be expected to arrive about the 22nd inst. On the 11th Inst, the Opium farmer’s men assisted by Capt. Ames and five or six of the Police Force, searched the premises of Messrs Pickenpack, Theis, & Co. for contraband opium and found a large quantity. It appears that there was scarcely a chest opened but what contained opium more or less, from one to two hundred ticals worth;—that the coolies have been carrying on a good business for some time, and that the opium was prepared on the premises, as the pans &c;, used for that purpose were also found and seized. The opium so generally distributed plainly showed that not one or twowere alone alone guilty, but the whole fratemity of coolies including the head rnan, in whose chest the largest quantity was found. The whole forty or fifty men ought to have been arrested; but as it would have required the whole Police Force to do that, Capt. Ames wisely took four of the most guilty, and with the opium was proceeding to the boat, when the prisoners called on their friends for assistance, and a general row com- menced. About fifty or sixty coolies (among which were some who claimed to belong to the “Borneo Co. Limited”) against six of the Police, who retained two of the prisoners and all the opium; the farmer’s men who had charge of the other two, let them go at the first onset and retreated to the boat. The coolies were armed with sticks and bricks (which they showered about pretty plentifully) and inspite of Mr. Finck who did all in his power to quell the disturbance, they followed the prisoners to the boat, and would have probably released them, had not Mr. Finck and his friends brought fire arms to bear on them, at which they pre- cipitately dispersed. We find that the practice of assaulting the Police, and releasing prisoners is bery common among the Chinese, and not until a severe example is made of some of them will a stop be put to it. The Police were only doing their duty, and without their assistance it would be very difficult to seize opium : therefore as long as the Government receive a rebenue from the sale of that drug, and the opium farmer requires the assistance of the Police to seize smugglers, we hope that the Govern,ent will support and protect the Police, and punish every one who may assault or obstruct them in the execution of their duty. We are sorry to find that this is the second European establishment, on which opium in large quantities has been found within the last few weeks, and report says that others are suspected; most likely the Chinamen take advantage of the premises of Foreigners, and are under the impression the Police will never pay them a visit: but thanks to the proprietors they have done so twice, successively, and we hope it might be the means of breaking up such nests of crime, and free the proprietors from a certain amount of suspicion, which will naturally in some minds be attached to them. 