BROTHER IGNATIUS is engaged in serioss difficulties with his third order. Some h»o resigned, and others do not please turn, so that the order is in rather a bad way. The Feast of St Benedict has been celebrated with great pomp in the monistery. The "Mother Abbess," the celebrated Miss Sellon, assisted in the service in ber full robes as an abbess, an acolyte bearing her handsome pastoral staff—On Good Friday morning Brother Ignatius and the brethem of the English Order of St Benedict made special efforts to celebrate the day according to their peculiar views. The chapel was hung with black, and all light was carefully excluded, although two lar^e cnniiles glimmered gloomily before the altar. After a few seconds, however, it was apparent that a procession was advancing at a snail's pace through .the gloom, and threading its way carefully through a rather numerous and closely-packed congregation, principally of the poorer class. The rich baritone voice ol Brother Ignatius could soon be detected in the hymn which tbe procession was singing. When the procession reached the altar a few more candles were lit, arid it was then possible to observe that Brother Ignatius wore a doth of gold vestment on his back, while his head was covered with the cowl of tbe order. Among the novelties introduced into the ceremonial on this occasion wis the following :—At the words in the gospel, " It is finished/' and He bowed His head and gave up the ghost," an attempt was made to purtray the lightning aud thunder, wbicfc tbe Scripture narratives (tLns the reporter) record to have attended the real event The thnud.r tvas more.'successful than the lightning, which niay be said indeed to have been a mere flash in tbe pan ; some of the kitchen utensils would seem, from tlie nature ofthe sound evolved, to have been concerned behind the scenes in the production of the thunder. At this extraordinary scene—or rather attempt at a scene—Brother Ignatius, Mr Ouseley, all the monks, and most of the-congregation, prostrated themselves for a few seconds. ; THF DEVIL AT WOKE IN CHOBCH.—A rather amusing contretemps occurred a |few Sundays ago at a country courch near one ofthe largest towns in Lancashire. The incumbent, anxious to raise funds for some repairs to the cburcb, ana having such a modest opinion of his onn powers as a ." pickpocket," and being also unable to'secure'the services of his clenal neighbours, thought he would write his' appeal, get it printed,.and placed in the pews on the following Sunday: He sent his copy to the printer's, and . told, the Bexton to get the bills on Saturday .night,'and to place them in the pews. On Saturday night the sexton sent his Bon to the printer's office, where no one'but the devil", of. the establishment was present This youth handed a bundle , of the bills to the sexton's son, by whom they were duly distributed in the pews. The astonishment ofthe congregation and Jth'e .honor. of the clergyman the next morning on finding every pow in tlie church contained copieB of an announceemnt u ;-tbe entertiio'menVs at the local assembly rooms IOE aclever Sambo sioger, and the fun durn g .the -ensuing" wei, may be " better up.agu"" "than described." Tbe whole affair wnts l^rai y the work of "the devil" .who cardessly ga« tbeyputhful sextan the bills of the bl»0i euMtajner inplace.of tho&a; of the parson. 