FRIDAY-MAY 10. Moses Cavanagh was charged with stealing a pair of hobbles, the property of Mr. Zachariah Hawkins, of Grafton-street. The prisoner, who was stated to have been only just released from gaol, where he had been confined for stealing fowls, on Thursday morning offered a pair of hobbles to Mr. Eggo, butcher, of Auburn-street, for sixpence, to procure a nobbler, as he stated. Mr. Eggo acquainted the police with the circumstance, and the prisoner was apprehended in the course of the day, having, how ever, disposed in some way of the hobbles. Sen tenced to two months' imprisonment. Joseph Bull, junior, appeared to answer the charge of obstructing the public thoroughfare by riding his horse on the footpath, and threatening to shoot Ser geant Tant, when remonstrated with by that officer. It appeared, by the testimony of Sergeant Tant, that the defendant was riding on the causeway, making the animal on which he rode caper about and kick, endangering the lives and limbs of the passers-by. Sergeant Tant remonstrated with him on his conduct, whereupon defendant made use of unseemly language, and also used threats of violence to the sergeant. Defendant afterwards purchased a Tranter's revolving pistol, which he was flourishing about in the street with repeated threats of violence to Sergeant Tant.-The bench bound the defendant to keep the peace for six months; himself in £50, and two sureties in £25 each. George Wells, for illegally cutting and removing fire wood from the farm of Mr. De Lauret, near Goulburn, was called. The unauthorised cutting and takling of the wood being proved, he was sen tenced to pay a fine of ten shillings, with four shil lings, at which the wood was valued, and four shil lings costs-in all eighteen shillings. Philip Reighberger took the oaths as a naturalized subject. THE COPPER MINE AT CURRAWONG, LAKE GEORGE. -In a former issue of this paper it was mentioned that on the occasion of the Governor's visit to Goul burn his Excellency received from Mr. Bull some specimens of copper ore from the mine at Currawong. On reaching Sydney a sample was sent to the mint for analysis, and the report of the assayer is as fol lows:-" I have carefully analysed the above sample, which I found to contain-copper 20.27 per cent, and silver 9 ozs. 16 dwts. per ton of ore, whilst of gold not even traces could be detected.-A. Leibens." Mr. Walters, the mining surveyor and manager of the works at Currawong, sent to Sydney on Wednes day about two tons of crude ore and regulas, which he confidently expects will yield far more profitable returns than would accrue from the yield of such ore as formed the specimens analysed. THE REV. W. TAYLOR OF CALIFORNIA. - This popular Wesleyan minister will arrive in Goulburn in the course of next week and will preach on Sunday the 28th instant in the Goldsmith-street chapel. ST. NICHOLAS' PARSONAGE. - The tender of Mr. F. Horn has been accepted for the erection of St. Nicholas' parsonage at the Old Township; and Mr. H. Lord has been appointed to superintend the work. The work will be commenced forthwith, and a day will shortly be named for the ceremony of lay ing the foundation stone. BRAIDWOOD GAOL. - Several charges have been preferred against Michael Wallace, the keeper of the jail in Braidwood by Reid. A warder also has lately resigned, and the magistrates have adjourned the in quiry into the same until next Thursday, upon which day they will meet at the jail at ten a.m. ROSTER. - Police-office: - May 22, W. A. Chisholm and W. E. Dignam, Esqs.; 26, W. Conolly and W. P. Faithfull, Esqs. POUNDKEEPER AT GUNDAROO. - At the Queanbeyan court of petty-sessions on Tuesday, Mr. W. Affleck resigned the appointment of poundkeeper at Gun daroo. PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY. - An attempt is now being made to revive the operations of this society which have for some time been in abeyance, and in structor for the elementary class is now advertised for. CHURCH OF ENGLAND AT BUNGENDORE AND MOLONGLO.—The new church at Bungendore, erected through the exertions of the Rev. A. D. Soares, of Queanbeyan, has just been completed. It was opened for divine service on Sunday last, May 14th, by the Bishop of Goulburn, who preached at morning and afternoon services. Notwithstanding the in- clemency and severity of the weather there was a very fair congregation on each occasion, and the offertory collections for the building fund, including £50 previously promised by the bishop, amounted to £66 10s. The Lord's Supper was administered in the morning. This neat structure, in the gothic style of architecture, is designed for the accommoda- tion of a hundred worshippers. The open roof is of high pitch, and lined with boards; the space be- tween the internal walls and the roof is beautifully filled in with rows of a lozenge shaped leaf, and a smaller trefoil, more simple in design, intervening between two larger. This gives a rich appearance to the whole interior of the building. There is a porch on the north of the church, and a correspond- ing room for a vestry on the south side. The church was planned by Mr. Soares, and the building completed under his personal superintend- once. On Monday a vestry-meeting was holden, when the accounts were submitted, the sittings and pews allotted, and church wardens for the present year nominated. It is proposed to have offertory collec- tions at every service and to devote the proceeds to the building fund until the debt of £293 is dis- charged. The Bishop and Mrs. Thomas were the guests of N. Powell, Esq., of Turalla. On Tuesday, [line obscured] atten- dance of T. Rutledge, Esq., who also hospitably en- tertained the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas. In this case likewise Mr. Soares is architect, and the church, of simple design, will be constructed under his guidance. A considerable number attended at the ceremony of laying the foundation stone, and the service usual on such occasions was conducted by Mr. Soares and the Bishop, who formally placed the first stone of a church to be called St. Thomas' Church, to the sole honor and glory of the holy, eternal, and undivided Trinity, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The Church Society of the diocese granted £100 in aid of Bungendore church, and will we understand be applied to for help in the case of to latter.—Communicated. PUBLIC APPOINTMENTS.-George O'Malley Clarke, Esq., to be police-magistrate and assistant gold commissioner at Eurongilly. INSOLVENCY. - Schedule filed: Ashdown and Co., of Sydney. Liabilities, £54,043 18s. 11d., of which £1255 6s. 2d. is secured; assets, £32,249 19s. 9d., of which £30,994 13s. is available for unsecured creditors. The schedule shows bad debts amounting to £13,928 8s. Sd. CHANGE OF COURT-DAY AT YASS. - We under stand circulars were issued by the clerk of petty sessions at Yass to the magistrates, calling, by order of the bench, a meeting for yesterday, to decide upon the proposed alteration of court-day from Tuesday to Monday. Shortly after the hour of meeting, ten o'clock, the following magistrates were in the vicinity of the court-house, namely, Messrs. N. R. Besnard, J. G. Davidson, and Hamilton Hume. While Mr. Besnard was sitting on the bench beside Judge Meymott, Mr. Davidson occupied in the office of clerk of petty sessions, and a few minutes before the arrival of Mr. Hamilton Hume, Dr. O'Connor and Mr. Henry O'Brien entered the room known as the lands' office, and sending for the clerk of petty sessions, they, without sitting down, at once decided on altering the day to Wednesday, and ordered the C.P.S. to advertise the alteration to take effect on the first Wednesday in June. Mr. O'Brien and Dr. O'Connor immediately left the building, and a few minutes afterwards the court business was pro ceeded with by the three magistrates already stated to have been in attendance, and who were not per mitted an opportunity of expressing an opinion as to the desirability of any change being made in the day for holding courts. They, however, commented very strongly on the manner in which the proceed ing had been conducted, and also expressed them selves altogether opposed to any alteration. We abstain from comment for the present, but shall not fail to expose the whole affair should the necessity arise for so doing.-Yass Courier. A SECOND CROP OF APPLES. - A very good sample of apples has been brought to our office as a speci men of a second crop grown this year at Hathrop, the residence of Mr. E. Webb. The tree from which the fruit was picked is now bearing about twice the quantity of apples yielded by the first crop of the year.-Bathurst Free Press. RECOVERY OF THE HORSE TOMBOY. - The Bat- hurst Free Press says:-This horse, the property of Mr. Ernest Bowler, son of Major Bowler, J.P., and which was stolen about a fortnight ago from the Gumbidgiwa station, on the Lachlan, was recovered in rather a singular way. Mr. Bowler visited Forbes, and hearing that Ben Hall had been shot, went to the police barracks for the purpose of obtaining cor rect information; and was there surprised by finding his own horse Tomboy, which had been used for con veying the body of the outlaw into Forbos. This in formation was sent to Major Bowler in a letter from Mr. Ernest Bowler a day or two ago. THE TORRES' STRAIT ROUTE. - In connection with the proposition of establishing a postal service via Torres' Straits, we have received the following very important and interesting information-with reference to the line of steam communication already established in the Indian Archipelago. A perusal of the annexed facts will prove that the scheme which from time to time has been ably recommended by his Excellency the Governor is quite feasible. Our informant states:-" The line is worked by an English company with a subsidy from the Dutch government. There is now monthly steam com munication between Singapore and Timor, at one end of the Torres' Straits route, and still more fre quant steam communication between Brisbane and Sydney and Port Denison at the other end of that route. All that is required at present is to fill up the gap between Timer and Port Denison, a dis tance of about 1700 miles, with a convenient coaling station half-way at the new settlement near Cape York. Probably a steamer once in two months, or six times a year, each way, between Timor and Port Denison, would be sufficient to open the trade; and until this route becomes better known, and the traffic increases, one screw steamer of 400 tons, or thereabouts (such as some of the boats now plying between Sydney and Brisbane), could easily perform this service. The voyage each way between Port Denison and Copang, in Timor, would occupy about a fortnight, including stoppages at Cardwell (Rock- ingham Bay), and Somerset (Cape York); which new settlement would thus enjoy periodical steam com munication. It is to be recollected that the Sala- mander, which his Excellency Sir G. Bowen suc ceeded in pursuading the home government to furnish for three years, will not be available after July, 1867; before which time the Queensland go vernment must make arrangements for establishing steam communication with Cape York. It is also to be borne in mind that the South Australian govern ment would probably contribute to the subsidy, on condition of the steamer touching at its settlement at Adam Bay, which would not be far out of the direct route to Timor. It would require a subsidy of about £50,000 a-year to have a monthly line of steamers from Singapore to Sydney, whereas most of the advantages of opening the Torres' Straits route could at once be secured at probably less than one fifth of that sum by subsidising the local company. This is a kind of assistance to the Q.S.N. Co. to which no one could reasonably object, seeing the great public advantages to be derived thorefrom. Brisbane Courier. EPISCOPAL JURISDICTION. - The crown law officers of England have given their opinion that the Bishop of Brisbane has no jurisdiction over that part of the colony of Queensland lying north of the 21st parallel of south latitude or west of the 141st meridian of east longitude. The Bishop of Sydney still retains all ecclesiastical jurisdiction over those parts of Queensland as he had before the original creation of the bishopric of Brisbane.-Braidwood Dispatch. APPREHENSION OF A BUSHRANGER. - The police have captured the man who stuck-up Mr. Ball, on the Carcoar road. He has been remanded for a week.-Yass Courier. SHOEING MATCH. - On Saturday last a trial of skill between two farriers-Thomas Eggelton of Tumut, and Findelson, formerly of Melbourne, took place at Tumut, the match being for £5 aside, time allowed 2¼ hours. The judges appointed were Messrs. W. Bridle, junr. and J. Hayes. Precisely at twelve o'clock each competitor began his task, and within thirty-two minutes of the time Eggelton had his horse done, Findelson completing his within four and a-half minutes of the allotted time. After a practical and patient scrutiny the palm was awarded to Eggelton, his dressing being neater and the shoes exceedingly well turned. The other's work was much admired from the artistic appearance of the shoes, and his principle of shoeing, but for service and clean finish Eggelton's was pronounced the bet ter of the two, and the judges accordingly gave their decision in his favour.-Tumut Times. ADELAIDE.-Monday evening.-Owing to a break down in the telegraph between Mount Gambler and Victoria, the usual late telegrams of English news could not be transmitted.-A motion has passed the Houses of Assembly for the continuance of the branch mail service to the Sound, for six months after the expiration of the present contract.-A fear ful gale occurred in the Gulf on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. The embankment gave way at Ade laide, inundating the low land, and causing great damage to property; there was a tremendous sea. The Rangatira could not land the mail, and the pilot boat, with a good crew, was swamped in attempting to board her; four lives were lost.-The beach from Glenelg up is strewed with wrecks, boats, wooden houses, bathing-houses, &o.; the large boat shed was blown down.-The San Miguel was totally wrecked at Tipara Reef.-Heavy rains near Adelaide, but only passing showers in the northern districts; great mortality amongst sheep, cattle, and horses there. -Tuesday evening.-The weather has moderated, but is still showery.-Subscriptions are being raised to alleviate the distress caused by the inundation at the port; there is a strong feeling as to who is to blame for the weak state of the embankment.-Business is quiet; corn-sacks lower, sales at 13s. 6d.; bottled stout very firm at 11s.; brandy shows no signs of improvement; nothing doing in breadstuffs, prices nominal; wheat 8s., flour £18 10a. to £20.-The Rangatira sails to-morrow.-Wednesday evening.- The Aldinga anxiously looked for, as she was ex pected on Monday - General satisfaction at the ? [line unreadable] general sympathy with the sufferers.-A motion was made in the Assembly to-day for government to supplement private subscriptions.-A motion was carried in the Council for the appointment of a com mission of inquiry into the state of the northern runs, and losses sustained by squatters there from drought. - Business quiet. No alteration in prices of flour or wheat, but speculation busy. - Telegrams to S. M. Herald. THE WEATHER. - The Braidwood Dispatch says: -During the past week strong north-westerly, and cutting westerly winds have prevailed, being accom panied by a slight snowstorm on Saturday morning. The Molonglo ranges are now a series of snow capped heights, and we expect to hear of heavy drifts at Kiandra. On Sunday and Monday nights we were in the fag-and of the snow-storm which resolved itself upon the table-land into drizzling showers. SEVERE STORM AT YASS. - During Sunday night the town and district were visited by a severe storm of wind and rain, the former blowing a perfect gale and the latter descending in torrents. A portion of the gable end of the kitchen at Mr. Wardell's house was blown in, a quantity of fencing of St. Clement's and St. Augustine's church enclosures were thrown down, and the roofs of several houses sustained con siderable damage.-Yass Courier. VICTORIA.-A motion, brought forward by Mr. L. L. Smith, in favour of the imposition of a uniform rate of twopence on all inland letters transmitted through the post-office, was carried on Friday night in the Legislative Assembly, although opposed by the government.-A fact illustrative of the public interest in the new land law of Victoria was stated in the Legislative Assembly, on Tuesday night, by the minister of lands. Of the first batch of plans, just issued, £700 worth have been already sold re presenting 28,000 purchasers.-To such an alarming extent has diphtheria prevailed in the Learmouth district, that the managers of the common school have determined to close the establishment until the disorder has somewhat abated.-The opening up of rich copper lodes at the Thomson River appears to be a matter which admits of no doubt. The Gipps Land Times reports:-We were on Thursday shown a miniature copper pick, weighing four and a-half ounces, got out of five and a-half ounces of stone from the Thomson River Copper Mining Company's claim, which was smelted and assayed by Mr. S. L. Hester, blacksmith, Stringer's Creek. This little curiosity is interesting, not only because of its ex treme neatness and finish, but from being the pro duce of the first copper found and smelted in Victoria. These copper mines are situated on the Thomson River, about one mile westward of the Happy-go Lucky Prospecting claim, near the junction of Cooper's Creek with the Thomson River. They wore discovered by "Snowy River Harry's " party, consisting of Messrs. H. Ireson, James Day, and George Craig, and first taken up by Mr. Lockhart Morton, nearly twelve months since, and there are now nearly eight or ten claims being worked. In Mr. Pearson's claim the lode is about seventeen feet wide on the top, from which specimens of eight dif ferent sorts were sent to Adelaide for assay, the re sult being an average of twenty per cent. The pro prietary are now putting in a tunnel in that claim, with the object of striking it at a depth of eighteen foot, when they intend to send six inches of the reef to be assayed, so as to arrive at a correct estimate of its richness. COAL IMPORTED INTO NEWCASTLE. - Paradoxical as it may appear, another cargo of coal from the Southern mines has been imported into Newcastle. The barque Anita (a vessel hailing, as we are in formed, from Hongkong), has been chartered to carry coals to Shanghai, the charterers undertaking to put her cargo on board where she now lies in the port of Newcastle, and hence the anomaly. The steamer Corio has already made two trips with coal from the Southern mines, which has been tran shipped on arrival here into the Anita.-Telegraph. MELBOURNE.-Tuesday, 8 p.m.-The Upper House have rejected the Payment of Members Bill.-The government have been asked for all correspondence respecting the proposed formation of a colonial navy and naval reserve.-Forty tons of fine salt were sold to-day at £4.-Breadstuffs stagnant. Two of the largest mills in the city have closed rather than pay the high price for wheat now ruling.-Telegram to S. M. Herald. IMPOUNDED AT BINALONG, on the 5th May, from Cumbramurra, by order of J. D. McAnsh, Esq.; damages 6d. each :-Gray horse, branded 4 over T (writing capital) off shoulder, off hind foot fractured, pulled tail, 6 years old, about 15½ hands high; dark bay mare, a little white on the near hind foot, small star in forehead, branded 101 on back near side, AT off shoulder, pulled tail, 4 years old, about 14 hands high; dark bay mare, star in forehead, black points 29 on back near side, AT off shoulder, pulled tail, 6 years old, about 15 hands high; black mare, pulled tail, 4 over T (writing capital) off shoulder, about 4 years old, 13 hands high. If the above described stock are not released, they will be sold according to the Impounding Act.-L. Tracey, poundkeeper.-5s. 6d. IMPOUNDED AT BUNGENDORE, on the 5th day of May, from Gidleigh, by F. Bennet; damages 1s. each :-Dark bay or brown mare, star, like TO near shoulder, illegible brand like JN under saddle near side, aged; a brown horse foal, progeny, no brand; black colt. JK near shoulder, NP conjoined off shoulder; chesnut horse, white in face, off fore leg white, CS and S over near shoulder, C near cheek, broken-in. Damages 6d. each:-Red cow, JB off ribs, J with BML conjoined off rump, off ear marked; brown heifer, white back and belly, like C off rump, illegible brand near rump. If not released, will be sold according to Impounding Act.-J. Kinsela, poundkeepor.- 5s. 6d. IMPOUNDED AT GOULBURN, on the 10th May, from Gundary, estate of Wm. Bradley, Esq.; damages 1s. 6d. eech:--Black gelding, HD near shoulder; bay gelding, JA with a bar over near shoulder; bay colt, JR over M near shoulder; 25 on neck. From the estate of Rossiville:-Bay gelding, D in circle near shoulder; black filly, star in forehead, JW near shoulder; bay mare, GIB near shoulder, O under the saddle. 44 off shoulder.-From the Yass Road, by Mr. Jas. McDonnell; damages 1s. 6d. each:-Bay gelding, white stripe down the face, M over M off shoulder; bay gelding, CH like double cross under off shoulder, like JH near shoulder. From the estate of Wm. Chisholm, Esq., on the 12th instant :-bay gelding, black points, JP near shoulder. If not claimed, they will be sold accord ing to Impounding Act.-J. Passmore, pound keeper.-6s. 9d. IMPOUNDED AT SUTTON FOREST, on the 8th May, from Well's Creek, by John O'Keeffe, damages 1s. -Black mare, TL near shoulder, near fore and hind fetlock white, shod all round, broken. Wrote to supposed owner. If not released, will be sold according to Impounding Act. - M. O'Keefe, poundkeeper.-3s. 3d. 