" THE SCOTCH COLLEGE. I " SPEECH DAY. The annual distribution of prizes and " Speech-day," in connexion with the Scotch College, took place yesterday afternoon, at St. George's-hall The boys attending the college were arranged on the platform, and the body of the hall was crowded with the parents and friends of the scholars, and other ladies and gentlemen interested in the progress of the institution. His Excellency the Governor occupied the chair. The proceedings were commenced by the singing of the National Anthem by the boys, after which the Rev. J. Nish, moderator of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria, offered up prayer. The "speeches," which included extracts both in prose and poetry, were then delivered by the boys, and their elocutionary efforts were warmly applauded. They were interspersed by a few musical selections, which were sung by the whole of the boys, under the direction of Mr. J. Russell, the music teacher. The programme was as follows: Taylor, A "Voice of Spring "-Mrs. Hemans. Wragge, 0.-" Lucy Gray "-Wordsworth. Swan-Daniel O'Connell's invective against Disraeli. Bound In three parts, " Come Follow," ye. Batten The Fox and the Crow "-Smith. Millard-Lord Chatham against SUvory. Harrison-" The Slave's Dream "-Longfellow. Barker-" Carablanca"-Mrr. Homan's. Chorale-" Kow Pray we for our Country." Moore, M. Mary's Ghosts. Hood. Turnbull-" To-day and To-morrow." McLennan Brougham In dcfoocoofQuoon Caroline. Hound-" Hall to the Month." Thompson-" Llewellyn's Dog "-Sponsor. 'Hainisay-Extract from "ThoTask"-Cowpor. Wright "The Arab's Farewell to His Steed "-Mrs. Norton. Goodhlud-" Bridge of Sighs "-Hood. Song-" Whether you Whisper Low." The programme was divided into two parts, and in the interval, Mr. A. Morrison, the principal of the college, reaches annual report. It stated that, acting upon a suggestion contained in the report of the Royal commissioners on the public schools of England, he had this year added music to the usual course of study, open to all the pupils of the college, without extra fee. After mentioning that the staff of masters was never more efficient than at present, and referring to the changes which had taken place in the staff during the year, Mr. Morrison said-" In reviewing the work done during the year, I feel satisfied that much real progress has been made, and that we are gradually surmounting the difficulties with which we have hitherto had to contend. in the higher classes there is no better test than the University examinations, and here our students are again to be found in the foremost ranks. At the November matriculation examination there were in all fifty candidates, of whom only twenty-nine passed. The six we sent up all passed- Butler in nine subjects, with credit in fire; Wilkie and Wilson in eight ; Curtain in seven ; Pinnock and Collies in six. For the last three years, the only candidates who passed in nine subjects were from the Scotch College; Hoche having attained that honour in 1803, Taylor in 1864, and I am now happy to add the name of Butler for 1865. In that time we have sent up in all twenty candidates, eighteen of whom passed at the first trial, the two rejected ones having failed in only one of the box required subjects. One of them, Batten, passed subsequently at the February examination, and at the end of his first year carried honours in classics. At the matriculation examination in February last, ? Barkercnrrledtho exhibition in history phys cal geography. English, and French and at the end of his first year, the classical exhibition was carried by Harper, an old Scotch College pupil, while Hood, another old pupil, came in for second-class honours. In all the other classes the work has been tested by regular quarterly examinations, and the contest for prizes has been keen and wide-spread. These have been, as formerly, decided by markings kept during the year, and by written examinations. The attendance continues regular and steady, with a slight increase the average number during the past year having been in the junior department between thirty and forty, and in the farmer 9ft" His Excellency the Governor then distributed the prizes to the boys who had chiefly distinguished themselves at the recent examination. The prizes consisted of classical,, biographical, scientific, historical, and other works, each volume being handsomely bound in calf, and bearing the college seal and stamp, with the motto "Dee ot Litoria." i This portion of the proceedings being concluded, a cordial vote of thanks was, on the motion of the Mayor of Melbourne, given to His Excellency for presiding. His Excellency acknowledged the room alimony, and congratulated the parents and friends of the pupils attending the Scotch College upon the abundant proofs which the boys had that day given of the talents , which they possessed. Mere recitation was not of itself any proof of the educational advancement which the boys had made; but yet it was some evidence of their general intelligence, aptness, and capability for acquiring knowledge. (Applause.) Mr., Morrison had alluded in his report to the number of pupils who had passed the matriculation examination at the University. He (Sir Charles Darling) believed that it was not so generally known as it ought to be, that the passing of an examination at the University of Melbourne implied a greater degree of pro- ! Clemency in the branches of learning which were the subject of the examination than was implied by the passing of a corresponding examination at most of the universities in the United Kingdom. There were one or two universities in the United Kingdom which professed to require the students applying to pass the matricula- tion examination, to answer equally severe and Stringent questions ; but, in practice, It turned out that they were not able to get answers to those questions. Instead of sand sang the students back, as was done at the University of Melbourne, under such circumstances, and receiving them when they * qualified themselves to pass the examination, they were obliged to receive them without passing the examination. He would not mention names, because he might got into a serious scrape If he were to do so. In some quarters in this colony there was a feeling in favour of reducing the severity of the examinations at the Melbourne University. As they were aware, Her Majesty had been pleased to declare that graduates and members of the University of Melbourne should take equal rank with the graduates and members of the universities of the mother-country ; but he need hardly say that not even Her Majesty's command that no Royal holiest or law was sufficient to insure the graduates and members of the Mel ' bourne University holding the same honour amongst literary and scientific men as those belonging to other universities. That could only be insured by the knowledge that their position had been fairly and honestly earned By the necessary study and acquirements, he, therefore, did not hesitate to express his opinion that on no account ought an attempt to be made to reduce the standard of education at the University of Melbourne. Indeed, a? Governor, he was prohibited from giving his assent, in his capacity of visitor to the University, to any statute by which the standard ' of education would be lowered. He hoped that the standard of all the educational establishments of the colony which the University was the head would be improved and raised that to be a graduate of the University of Melbourne would be to stand high in the estimation of men of literature and science throughout the world, not as a more order or form, but from actual intellectual acquire- ments. (Applause.) He was glad to hear, from the report of the principal of the Scotch College, of the meritorious conduct of the boys during the past year. He hoped that they would enjoy the approaching Christmas vacation as a period of relaxation and recrea- tion, bearing in mind the maxim, mens sana in corpore sane; and that they would apply themselves with renewed diligence to their studies, and that ther pursuits and vocations in after life would be crowned with the success which they deserved. (Applause.) He sincerely wished them all parents, friends, and scholars-a merry Christmas and a happy New Year. (Loud cheers ) "Rule Britannia" was heartily sung by the boys, and the benediction was afterwards pronounced by the moderator of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria. His Excellency then took his departure, as he had entered the hall), amidst the vociferous che tra of the boys, and the proceedings terminated. The latest exhibition of the Royal Academy was the most profitable yet known; the receipts were upwards of £13,000,-au advance of more than £700 on the profits of last year, And of nearly £3,000 on the amount received in 1862. Not many years ago, the academy thought itself lucky in obtaining £5,000 from the exhibition. The sales of pictures from this year's exhibition exceed by £100 the value of those of the preceding display. Athenum. 