ST. PATRICK'S YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY. ©a Monday evening St. Patrick's Hall was crowded by the members of the Young Men's Society and their friends, to listen to a lecture from the Bey. Father Gonway. On the plat form there were the Venerable Archdeacon McEnoroe, Very Rev. Dr. ForresS, Fathers Dillon, Garavelle and Coll. The following laity were also preaant j— Aldermen Caraher and Hur ley, A. J. De Lauret, Esq., of Goulburn, Messrs. Mullins, R. Forster and Freehill. The lecture was listened to with the greatest attention and elicited! great applause. By the courtesy of Father Oonway we are enabled to give a ver batim report which will bo read with much satisfaction by our readers. The lecturer then began. When it had been aranged between the Young Men's Society of this parish and myself that I should leoture in the hall to- night ; I naturally began to cast about in my mind the many sub jects which presented themselves for choice. But, of the many subjects upon which I thonght I should be able to interest you for an hour..; none appeared to have so strong a claim as the Bible, none so calculated to awaken a deep and lively interest, none from which I could antici pate so many and so great advantages. On this account it is that I have chosen as my subject : — ?'The Bible, its friends, and its foes.' This may appear an ambitious title, a title that pro mises more than can be dealt with in one Lecture. I freely admit that if I could for one momeDt imagine I should be able to treat fully, to exhaust this subject in one Lecture, it were indeed a ridiculous and unpardonable ambition. But, I am not aware that there is anything which makes it obligatory or even desirable that a man should never speak upon a subject until he is prepared to exhaust it, to say all that can ba said upon it. I shall therefore rest satisfied with saying a little of what my subject embraces, and the object I have proposed to myself in addressing yoa will be realized, if I can interest and instruct even a part of my audience. Some of my hearers are qualified to be my masters upon this as well as upon many other subjects. It is more than probable there are aome present, whe are not Catholics. To them I have a word to say before entering upon tbe subject. It is not my intention to hurt the feelings or wound the susceptibilities of any one present. 'Tis true 3 I Bpeak honest and conscientious convic tions' as plainly as any man; I scorn the use of language calculated to weaken or soften down whatoouviction tells me to be true. Such a course vere unmanly and would establish against him, wko could meanly stoop to adopt it, the charge of insincerity. Such a oourse would but badly accord with the fair-play-loving character of men living under liberal and free institutions. I shall speak plainly. Ab I unquestionably mean what I say : I shall also endeavour to say what I moan. But, whilst speaking plainly, I shall avoid speaking offensively. Had I so willed I might have givan my Lecture what many would regard an offensive title. I have seen the walls of a large town daubed over with placards bearing the following announcement, as the subjeot of a clergyman's lecture :— ' The whole ?f the Protestant religion in the Protestant Bible, and none of the Catholic religion in the Catholic Bible.' I hope no priest will ever dis play go much ignorance and uncharitable untruth fuluesa as were set forth in that placard. As to myself I feel that I have charity for all mankind. The man breathes not against whom I cherish a feeling of hate or hostility. But I have a horror of the religious principles of some men ; a horror deepseated and ineradicable as the very princi ple of my life. Bnt, with this horror of their principles, I have love for the men themselves : Some of them are amongst my most intimate friends. I shall, therafore, in speaking of the foes of the Bible assail principles not men. I wish the way cleared of all difficulties and all minor controversies. I shall start from a point, upon which there is agreement between Catho lics and Proteatants. Nor shall I pause to en quire whether the agreement be consistent or logical. It would appear, however, that whereas thfl principles respectively are so diametrically opposed, the agreement oan be no more than illogical and accidental. When I Bay the Bible I m«an the word of God without entering into any lengthened account of the books justly entitled to that same. I will observe in passing that for the canonieity of all the books in the Catholic Bible we have the same authority that Protestants have for the canonioity of the books of their Bible. For, no edueated person, I imagine, will deny that it is only on tbe autho rity of th« Catholie Church that any iudividual or oong-egation, or sect, or body of .religionist* can be satisfied that he or they have a Bible. Now, we have the authority of that Church for believing to be truly the word of God every book iu our Bible. However this entors not essen toUy into the plan, whiob I have determined to follow. I will take as granted that tbe Catholic Bible is indeed the word of God : and I will grant, for argament sake, that Protestants have a true Bible, containing truly the very word of God. We and they will, upon this admission, have something in common : each the Bible. Here then is an extraordinary book, one like to which there is no other : differing from all other books as differs the glad glowing brightness of midday from the densest darkness of midnight. A book containing the inspired record of the moral history of the world ; containing the ex pression of God's will as revealed to man for his guidance ; a book singularly and indeed miracu lously preserved. The sacred books of the Egyptian's have long since perished. There js found of them, at most, some faint traces in ancient history. The sacred books of the ancient Romans, containing, as they did the poetic mysteries of Numa, have perished : they were burned by order of the Senate. The same fate has long sinee overtaken the books of the Sibyls. The Jews alone of all ancient peoples have preserved the primitive monuments and reoords of their religion. And by the providenoe of God that ssme people, in this the day of their dis persion preserve in their integrity the same monuments, the same records. It pleased God that the accomplishment of promised redemption should be deferred for four thousand years after man's first appearance on this earth. The sacred scriptures of the Old Testament played a wonderful part in the mysterious plan of pre» paration for that mighty event. Hence you will find some of these scriptures date from the time of Moses, some from Joshua and the judges, and sotrie from the kings, some from the deliverance out of Egypt, some from the thunder aocompan ied promulgation of the law ; and some from the conquering of the Promised Land. These books had all a common aim, a common tendency : they were progressive promises of redemption ; and a generally growing development of primitive revelation. And although they contained much that was anything but flattering to the jews; although they told of the many shameful pre. variations of that people, and their fearful chastisements and degrading oaptivities ; and although they recorded side by side God's terrible denunciatioas, and His wonderful miracles ; yet they were preserved with most scrupulous care. And when the sbadowy days of this ancient law had passed, and Christ came to fulfill it's promises ; He established the divinity of his mission by mighty miracles, which have been faithfully reoorded. His words and His acts have been made known to the whole world, with their circumstances of persona and time aad place. The acts of His Apostles are as it were a continuation of His life as pictured in the Gospels; the Epistles written by some of His Disciples with a speeifio object to particular churches or individuals, and a long and mysteriously dark vision which John had in Patmos ;— -these follow and complete the New Testament. These general observations will have given you an idea, it may be inade quate, yet an idea of what the Bible is. It wero easy for me to say much of the views of God which are set forth in the Bible. One time we behold Him viewing with complacency His own work, and declaring it good; at another we behold Him grieving that He had made man : one time we behold Him beaming with suailea of benignity and mercy, another thrashing the very mountain into ohaff ; and bristling with all the terrors of Hi3 justice, now meekly bowing down His head and yielding up His life for the sinner; and again coming in the clouds of heaven, with power and majesty, to judge tbe living and the dead ! Now, I would ask is it not reasonable to suppose that such a book must of necessity exert a great influence on the world ? I must observe that since the revelation of heavenly truth, made by our Lord, and Hia Apostles, inspired by th© Holy Ghost, there has Dot been another: nor is it permitted to ^expect another revelation. You perceive then that the Bible containing the revealed will of God, as to what man should believe, and what practice, ha« been many ages in the world. And during that time the practice* it prescribes have made mil lions of Saints; its glorious^ promises nerved millions to heroic martyrdom ; its fearful threats saved millions from hell. Its doctrines hare revolutionised the whole world. Those doctrines have brought the world from^arbarism and Idol-Worship to what yoa behold it to-day. If yo« contrast the past with th. present, whatever is favorable to the present we owe to these heavenly doctrines. When these doctrine, appeared, were first'taught, you willf p ftoone, understand that I speak P»?°'Pf * °' th«fN^ Testament, though in reality of both; for the new?s built upon the old ;-when these - doctrines were first preached society presented but a dark picture. It wore fine appearances; but, to .the very heart, it was infeoted with a moral malady : Outwardly there was seen the moat brilliant garb of ostentation and opulence; but within most repugnant corruption. Morality had no reality; manners no modesty: the passions no restraint; law no authority; and religion no God. From its gross abuse by the pas- sions, Idolatry had lost its strength and could inspire no enthusiasm. Polished nations,' like the Greeks and Romans who had heard their philsophers dispute upon the questions of divinity and man had lost the simplicity, upon which alone superstition can live. They had therefore no regard for these disputations; and none for the Sages who con- ducted them. There was no principle of re- generation then in religion, none in philosophy : and degradation deepened daily. Jupiter and Juno, Mercary and Minerva, Vulcan and Venus had lost their influence : they were gods no longer, save with the lowest, the most ignorant : and Socrates and Plato and Aristotle, though prodigies of genius, for their days, were power less : little indeed could they do in tbe work of the world's regeneration. But in the plenitude of time was heard in the villages, and in the synagogues, along the hill-sides, and by tbe lake-sides of Judea the gentle voice of tbe meek Redeemer teaching truths from Heaven, which, whilst pointing out the path to eternal felicity, were the principle of true regeneration ; a regeneration slow and peacefnl, but grand, majestic and permanent. When the Redeemer had accomplished His work of redemption nnd returned to His Father; His Apostles, who had received from Him that Commission, pro claimed what He had taught them to the nations of the earth. At Jerusalem, from the lofty steps of the Temple ; at Ephesus before the silversmith's ; at the Areopagus before the polished men of Athens; at Rome, under the very palace walls of the Caesars : everywhere, before kings and peoples were preached the doctrines of Jesus Christ. And finally these doctrines were, presented to the world, in this Sacred Book. As far as we can judge of opinions from men's words, and of their sin cerity from what men say, it is a very common belief that the Catholic Church is the enemy of this holy Book ; that she is opposed to it : that she withholds it from the people, or mistrans lates it ; or loads it with notes and commen taries, to suit her own views, and establish her erroneous doctrines. It were difficult to find a Protestant pulpit from which this has not been repeatedly stated, impossible to find a platform, on which the patrons or promoters of Tract, or Bible, or Foreign Missionary Society have come together, from which this has not been energetically proclaimed : the proclama tion invariably followed by an old-womanish whine of hypocritical piety for poor deluded Romanists or Papists ! Now, it would appear, even at first sight, that there can be no truth in this charge against the Catholic Church. Her existence and early well-being did not depend upon the Bible. There was do bible when she began to be ; there was no bible when she found arrayed against her all the weight, in- fluence and power of the mightiest empire ever raised by man. She descended into the arena with Ancient Rome. The confliot was fiwroo and lasted for centuries. Succumb she could not ; vanquish she must. Tho victory cost her dearly ; but she paid the price. When the conflict was fiercest; when human ingenuity had been exhausted in devising new modes of torture; she had infused into her children a spirit which made, them triumph over death in its most revolting forms. Animated by that spirit millions of every age, sex and condition poured out their blood like rain. The bodies of her slain were piled upon fires until the fires refused to burn, and smouldered out and died: tha sword lost its edge in the work of death; wild beasts were gloated upon her childrens flesh until they could eat no more; in a word the willingness of her children to die out- lasted and overcame alike the savagery and patience of her tyrants, who from sheer ex haustion, 'and the manifest fruitlessness of all they had done, they ceased to destroy. And during all this time, during 'the three hundred ' years, over which this glorious struggle extended, there was no Bible. In the days of that terrible conflict , the leaders of Roman legions had but to come, and see, and conquer ; and yet before tho Catholic Church they ingloriously grounded their arms: and humbly petitioned for a truce, thus proclaiming that they were vanquished and she victorious I Is it not manifest that tho church of which this great glory is recorded,' before there was a Bible, cannot depend for life and energy upon the Bible? Must not such a church be from God? And tbe Bible what is it but the Word of God ? And can God in' the Church be opposed to God in the Bible ? Here certainly are two reasons, why we ahould regard it as antecedently impro bable that the Catholic Church oan be opposed to the Bible. Having lived so long When there was no Bible : her life or continuance in life cannot depend upon the Bible : and as she and it are both from God they cannot be opposed. :But is there as a matter of fact any truth in this charge against the Catholic Church and Catholics? No, not even an ad mixture, not even a semblance of truth ! The New Testament waa written by the first Bishops of the Catholic Church. And it was by Bishops of the Catholic Church that the books which now compose the Bible were declared to be inspired, aud to be indeed the ' Word of God.'' For ages there could have been no guardian of tbe Bible, from the very nature of things, but the Catholic Church ? none other to befriend the Bible or defend it but her. It had sprung up in her bosom it was her's, her's exclusively. You have substantially told her history, when you have detailed what century after century, she did in its defence. When tha mind goes baok to Magus and Menander in tha first century, Prodicus and Marcion in the second : Sabellius and Novatian the third : when we call to mind the Arians and Manichees and Pelagians and Donatists : the Nestorians, Eutychians, and Iconoclasts: when we call to mind the difficulties with which travelling was attended in early days, tbe consequent almost insurmountable difficulty of convening general councils in which to deliberate upon tho doctrines assailed by these countless heretics ; we get some idea of what it has cost the Catholic Church to be and prove herself the friend of the Bible : when we thus look back we have reason for believing that there is no doctrine set forth by the Almighty in this sacred Book, for which the Catholic Church has not done battle ; for which she has not been ready to sacrifice every thing even her most precious lives. We read the other day of Confederate soldiers in America 'throwing themselves against the scythe of death with a brave and headlong fore that turned its edge.' Even such has been the determina* tion, the valour, the fearless courage with which the Catholic Church has rushed to the de fence of the. Bible, and precipitated herself upon every enemy of Truth as it is in God, and in His Christ. It has been so from tho beginning. Upon this point she knows no change. Upon this point you hear to-day from Pius the Ninth, what Luther heard from Leo the Tenth, what Nestorius and Eutyches and Arius heard from the Popes of their day. No matter who he may be ; let him be King or Emperor, or Bishop or Archbishop, or learned Professor or Patriach ;? let him but hint at even a modification of fnith, or, to avoid troubles or prevent a schism, a compromise or ambiguous explanation : and he will hoar in the instant. 'No, never: Faith ia a sacred deposit which we cannot alter: Ti&th; is immutable :\ it is one.' And as of old so it is now. When the Father of the Faithful has said 'never;' there rise up to aid him, the Jeromes, and Athanasius', and Gregories', and Ambroses', and Augustines of modern times. Does this look like opposition to the Bible? Can those, who make the charge against her believe them selves? Who but the Catholic Church, and Catholics have been the friends of the Bible ! ! ! Who but they have the same firmness in the same faith, the same rmchangeablouess, the same energy in preserving the sacred deposit intact, in teaching it in all its purity and inte grity to her children, and transmitting it unaltered from generation to generation ? Is this obstinancy and blindness and fanaticism? If ao, the revolution and catastrophes of eighteen hundred years, the infinite varieties of ideas and! manners, the most terrible persecutions, tha darkness of ignorance, the conflict of passions ; and the lights of knowledge have been unable to enlighten this blindness, to bend this obsti* nancy or to extinguish this fanaticism. But, it is none of these things : it is consistency, it is prinoiple, it is a due regard to the unchangeably nature of truth. But, whatever it ia, yon can see, at a glance, the inconsistency of thoso who make charges against tbe Catholic Church in reference to the Bible. In one breath, si $- bates the Bible, and for this opposition to the) word of God is reprobated ; in the next breath she is stupid and ignorant and obstinate and! fanatical because she will not allow the Bible to be dealt with on liberal principles ; to modify and accommodate itself to the tone and temper of the age; because she will not allow the word to regard as false to day what was true a cen tury or centuries ago. And you must bear ia mind that it is the very same persons, who make these opposite and contradictory charges ! But, to show, beyond all possibility of question or cavil that the Catholic Churoh and her chil dren have ever been the friends, the true and uncompromising friends of the Bible a few sim-« plie historical facts will suffice. In the very earliest ages such was the church's care of tha sacred word, her solicitude for the books, that now compose, our Bible; such her excla. siveness in their regard, that she decreed tho.' severest penalties against any one who should give one of them or part of one to a Pagan. And she was thus solicitous lest the Sacred Word should be profaned I So great in those early days was the reverence of Catholics for the Sacred Word that they never exposed themselves to danger, or went upon a journey without bearing upon their person a portion at least of it. In some cases the whole Bible was borne upon the journey, and in the post of danger* and many, very many bore upon them day and! night portions of the sacred scriptures. The love of Catholics for the Bible, which was so re markable in early times was also a characteristic of the middle ages. Prices which seem almost fabulous Were sometimes given for the Bible. The dying bequeathed it to their dearest survi ving friend as the most precious : legacy : and 'this was so even among princes, In cases of ?fire or shipwreek the first thing thought of was the Bible. If it were saved ; all was deemed well. But, the love and veneration for the Holy Scriptures, which thus manifested itself went occasionally further still I Many bad the Bible burftd with them! ' The = Earl of Licbfield possessed a copy of St. John's Gospel, which had been found in the tomb of St. Cuthbert. In the British museum there is a beautiful manu script on vellum, of a French translation of the Bible, which was found in the tent of King John after the battle of Poietiers : and all the world has'beard of the book of the Gospels, which waB found on the knees of Charlemagne, as his corpse Jay in the tomb, when it was opened after his canonization' Digby's Morus P. 202. From the very nature of the case you must be aware that Copies of the Bible were at one time very scarce : bence the enormous price sometimes paid for one! And in those days there was nothing known of the art of printing. Nor were there the same materials and facilities for writing that wo enjoy. There were none of those machines fcy which you ean see ' letters on business' Copied ia every counting house; and letters of Importance in the library of the private gentle man. There were no steel-pens : NV'Bruton's or Walkden's office or copying ink.' It was attended with much difficulty to write at all in earlier days ! And yet we know that countless copies of the Bible were written ! And by whom were these transcriptions of the Bible in ado ? By Catholic Monks, whom it has latterly been the fashion to designate ' ignorant and filthy idlers.' Nor were those good Monks satisfied with carefully copying ; they spent laborious days and sleepless nights in outwardly adorning, and inwardly embellishing and illu minating the sacred book. And the work then accomplished as a labor of love is a marvel a prodigy even to this enlightened age I And learned men with large fortunes, and learned societies with vast resources are prepared to pay almost any price for one of those wonderful works, executed^upon the highest principles of art ; love alone for the word of God having made the artist. Now, you wili be astonished to learn how contradictory aud absurd the charges are tha.t are made against these Monks. At one time they are held up to contempt for not having read the Bible : and the next moment you will hear them denounced because they spent the time upon the Bible which they ought to have devoted to Greek and Latin manuscripts. At all events the treatment which the Bible received at the hands of the Monks contrasts very favorably with what befell it later at other bands ! 'When Henry VIII determined to purge bis library of all that was Popish, Collier, the honest Protestant historian, tells us that much plunder resulting from that operation fell to the King and his minions. These books were many of them plated with gold and silver, and curiously embossed. This., as far as we can collect, waB the superstition that destroyed them J Here avarice had a very thin dis guise j and the courtiers discovered of what spirit they were, to a remarkable degreeV Nor was it alone in times thus early that the Catholic Church and her children were the friends of the Bible. They continued its friends after the introduction of the art of printing I And this is clearly shown from this one fact alone ; a fact which apeaks trumpet-tongued the love of the Catholic Church for the Bible ! From the year 1457 to the year 1546, a period of S9 years there issued from the yet infant press no fewer than 265 different editions of the Catholic Bible, mthout counting editions in the vernacular nor Bibles printed only in part ; nor furthermore Bibles encumbered with notes and commentaries! And these Bibles were all printed to be read. There were many catholics in those days as there are now, who knew whole books of Scripture by heart ; and of St. Bonaventure, the Seraphic Doctor, we are told that he knew the whole Bible by heart ! ! I will bring this part of my subject to a close, with a quotation from a writer of the thirteenth century : «' ifast shut and with great care the library of sacred books is to be preserved from all defilement of dust, from fire and from damp, from thieves and from the sound of clamour, from clay off the feet aud from corrosion of worms, from all stain and rent of leaves. He is not worthy to read a sacred book, who does not know how to take care of it, and who neglects to put it back in its proper place. Thus must be preserved the treasury of the Church, made and edited by holy doctors, ?written and collated by good writers, and pro Tided by God for the consolation of many.'' Does the proposition, that, the Catholic Churoh and Catholics have ever been the friends of the Bible, need further proof? I imagine not. I take it then as proved. And I shall only add that the uncompromising defence of the Bible was attended with the happiest results. The unity of the Church, of which the defence of the Bible was at the same time a manifestation and safeguard ; the unity of the Church had been preserved ; that unity had stamped it's impress opon all customs and manners and institutions and laws ; slavery had been almost abolished ; and all Christendom, princes and people knowing their duties and their rights, was united as one happy family, reciting daily the same creed, kneeling before the same altar, and participat ing in the same sacraments. Such were the happy results of the Church's friendly guardian ship of the Bible. But, in an evil hour a deep dark shapeless shadow fell upon the Church's path ! And this brings me to speak of the enemies of the Bible ; or, according to the annocmcement of this lecture, the 'foes of the Bible.' The Bible has had foes from the beginning. It's dootrines had been assailed f before the world had received it in its present I form. Heresy is almost coeval with the Church ; and every heretic must be an enemy of the word of God, a foe of the Bible. In tho course of what I have already said I have named the principle heresies of past ages. I need not name them again. They were one and all opposed to the Bible ; as such they were struck by the anathema of God's Church ; and under that terrible blow they perished and passed away leaving only a foul blot on the page of history, the only thing remaining to tell that once they were. There is no one now to own them, to claim connexion with them. Though those early heretics were foes of the Bible, you must understand they were foes respectively on only one point ! The Arian denied nothing but the divinity of Jesus Christ, the Pelagian held only the destruction of free will by sin ; Eutyches denied only the two wills in Our Divine Lord ; and Nestorius only the divine maternity of the Blessed Virgin ; and so on of all the rest. They were heretics not upon any principle; but only by the denial of one dogma of the Catholic Creed. But, with future ages came a heresy upon principle ; or, perhaps more correctly, a principle which contained all heresies; and so made any new future heresy an impossibility ; unless, indeed the present heresy should en- tirely pass away; and in some future age men should return to a heresy of the past.' You will of course, easily understand that I refer to the heresy which originated in the Fifteenth Century; the heresy that is known by the one generic name, Protestantism. I don't think it necessary to refer to the infidels of the last or any former century ; nor to the rationalists of this ; they are by nature foes of the Bible. Blasphemy against God's Holy Word is all that could be expected from such as Voltaire and Rousseau and Diderot and Volney and Payne ; and from any who would dare to blot out the sacred name of God from a country's records, aud destroy every monument which piety had erected to God's honor. Foes of the Bible must have been numerous, in the last century, when even girls went to mass with a volume of Plutarch's lives for a prayer book ; and wept because they had not been born ancient Greeks or Romans. But, these foes of the Bible went so far, and to such extremes, that they defeated themselves. The world could not swallow blasphemy in such large doses as they ad ministered. It is true that they sowed seeds, of which the world still reaps the bitter fruit. In these latter years we have seen an almost anxiety to accomplish the desire expressed by Voltaire, when he said : ' I should like to see the last king strangled with the bowels of tho last priest.' Yet, touching the Bible in itself these were perhaps the most harmless of all its foes. But, you must not imagine that these famous infidels were the orginators of the destructive principles, which they put with such diabolical ability; and which have worked such-ruin. No they but gave to the principle of Protestantism a further but strictly logical developement. Luther not Voltaire was in fault. The advocacy was Voltaire's; but the principle was Luther's, to which we must ascribe the sickening horrors of the French Revolution ; and the ruinous inheritance which that revolution has bequeathed to mankind. For the same reason : because the principle was Luther's my sympathies have all along, been with the authors of 'Essays and Re views;' and hence before leaving England I publicly expressed my readiness and willing, ness to subscribe to the Defence Fund of Dr. Rowland Williams, one of the authors of that famous book, when he was threatened with a pro. secution in, the Court of Arches. I reprobate his doctrine, not because it was his, that was a necessity with him ; but because it was Pro testant. But, I respect him because he had the manliness to tell the world to what conclusions the Protestant principle, upon which he had been educated, had led him ! Why prosecute him? Why not abolish, destroy, and banish for ever the principle of which he was the manly outspoken and consistent exponent? When in college and prosecuting his studies for the ministry in the Protestant Church, he was told that he was not studying to become a Popish priest, to become the minister of a church, whose religion had ever been at a stand still, whose clergy had no option but to submit without a murmur to her teaching. No, he was not going to be the victim of any such hierar- chial tyranny as that ; he was preparing himself to be a man, to assert the inborn freedom which was his brothers right, for his fathers had battled for it and won; he was to take the glorious Bible and read it for himself, judge of it for himself. In the words of Luther, the illustrious and immortal Father of the glorious and blessed reformation the Bible was the book by which " to judge all doctrines and all doctors.' The good man took the Bible ; studied it with eare, and, no doubt, conscientiously, according to the advice he had received. He publishes the result of his studies; and he is threatened with a prosecution ! ! How monstrous, how absurd, and inconsistent! Prosecute him for what? he was told to follow his own judgement ; he has done so manfully, consistently : Hence the prosecution ! I have never heard of anything so outrageously inconsistent as this ; or of anything that ought to have driven so many out of the ranks of Protestantism ! That it has not done so can be accounted for only by the fact that the blindness which comes upon a people who have lost the faith may and does sometimes become mysterious in its degree ! If you infer, from what I have said, that my sympathies have been with Colenso ; your inference is correct. They have. He with the essayists and reviewers are the most thorough, the most consistent Protes* tants of modern times ( Their prosecution is a violation of the plainest principles of justice, and were not the subject-matter so sacred it would be as ridiculous and as laughable as when one black-fellow says to another : " you nigger.' Such men as these were a necessity in some future time, the very instant that the wild ambition and the mad and burning passions of Luther drew him from his solitude to proclaim and champion the principle of private judgment. It is a terrible scandal no doubt a deep and terrible scandal that the fiercest the most virulent attacks upon the Bible, and the most desperate efforts ever made to destroy the very foundations of religion have come from a quarter, whence they could reasonably be least expected ; have come from under the surplice and the mitre ! Tis sad indeed and deplorable that this should be ! But, to use a plain but expressive phrase : 'put the saddle on the right horse.' Dont blame Colenso : He is a most consistent Protes* tant Bishop ; and in all probability a first class one. There are hundreds of thousands of Pro testants who think with him ! And he has as good a right to his opinion on the Protestant principle, as any other man. It is not against him but against the false principle which has degraded this sacred book that men ought to raise their voices, the destructive principle of private judgment! I should certainly like to know by what process of reasoning men satisfy themselves with this principle. I have never known anything in Heaven or on earth to warrant or recommend this principle, Is there any one of all his works, which the Almighty has left to private judgment ? The rising and setting of the sun, the revolution of the moon and stars, the ebb and flow of the tides; sunshine and shower, heat and cold, storm and calm ; do these leave room for the action of private judgment? From the flower that opens its tiny bosom to the first rays of the morning sun, and follows that sun, till he sinks again below the horizon, nay more, from the mote in the sunbeam up to the huge bulk of the earth, and thence to the most distant of the fixed stars ; there are fixed laws governing all the works of God. And the united efforts of all mankind could not alter one of them. The works of God, therefore, seem far from sanctioning private judgment. And if the physical laws of God are thus fixed and unchangeable ; ought we not naturally conclude that so also are his moral laws ; the laws which he has revealed and enacted for the guidance of mankind to eternal life ? I should say so. For, I cannot imagine that it can have been intended by the Almighty that His law should be what any man may think fit to regard it? Can it be the will of God that His law should be one thing to the Primitive Methodist, another to the Wesleyan, a third to the Baptist, a fourth to the Anabaptist, a fifth to tbe Quaker, a sixth to the Independent and Presbyterian, a seventh to the Anglican, an eighth to the Catholic, and something else to the Unitarian ? If so then the same God of truth tells the Catholic there are seven sacraments, the Anglican that there are two and the Quaker that there are none ; tells the Catholic there are Bishops, and the Presbyterian that there are not ; tells the Anglican that Christ was God, and the Unitarian that He was and is not. What an insult to the veracity of God ! Why such a law would disgrace a common chimney sweep ! Can we wonder that infidels in Germany and in England turn the Bible into ridicule nightly in crowded Public Halls ? No. Protestantism furnishes them with weapons? By its treatment of the Bible it has degraded that venerable and holy book ; and made itself and that precious gift of God a laughing stock to the common sense of the world besides ! Has not Protes tantism, taken as a whole, denied every doc J trine in the Bible ? You observe that I do not say that every Protestant denies every doctrine ; although the principle upon which they believe anything justifies the denial of everything. But, I say that Protestants taken together, those of the colonies, of Germany, of England and America, deny everything in the Bible, with the exception, perhaps of tbe existence of one God. They have denied and do deny the free will of man ; they have no Purgatory, no Invo cation of Saints, no Sacrifice, no Sacrament; they deny the Divinity and Personality of the Holy Ghost; and the Divinity of Jesus Christ. And all this on the authority of the Bible. Has the Bible ever had an enemy so great as the system which has reduced it to this ? Never in the course of its history. And yet Protestantism never ceases to speak of the Bible, and some Protestant clergymen seem to travel from place to place to exhort the people to fight 'The Battle of the Bible' against other Protestant clergymen, and even against Protestant bishops. Protestantism seems never weary of extolling the Bible, of expressing veneration for its teach ing, and confidence in its promises. It denounces all who will not read the Bible, and has spent millions in multiplying copies of the Bible. There is no where that you will not find a Bible. You may see, by dead walls in cities and towns, and on the promenade or very strand at watering places, stalls at which you will invariably find men, who look seedy, sallow and swarthy, that is the correct pattern for the British Home and Foreign Bible Society; and these men, with faces long as fiddle-backs, and with an expression that would be natural on the eve of an execution, when a man had to be the principal ; these men cry out from morning till night, much louder than usual when a Priest passes ; the infallible word of God, four pence ! ! ! For the cheapness thanks to the pockets of silly old women of both sexes, who subscribe largely ! You will find the Bible every where. It stares at you in all sizes and all bindings from amongst the forfeited pledges in the Pawnbroker's window ; you wili find it upon the counters of tobacconists to wrap up snuff a»d tobacco: you will find it on the counters of provision dealers, that its precious leaves may infold tainted butter and rotten bacon ! You will find it on the tables in waiting rooms at railway stations, and on the drawers in the rooms of a hotel ; but you will also find it in the water closets at the same places. Such is the degradation that Protestantism has brought upon the Bible ! And yet Protestantism is ever crying out ' read the Bible ;' Protestant masters sometimes annoy their Catholic work men about the reading of the Bible. One man so annoyed came to me not long ago : a shrewd though a simple looking man ! And he said to me, I am tormented daily about the Bible bv my master; I told him I had a Bible; and that I read it. But, yer reverence, I dont know whether I said right, when I told him 'Tha Bible was like the bag-pipes.'' And how T said to this man, did you explain that the Bible was like the bag-pipes ? Why, yer reverence I said that no matter who squeezed the bellows'. the bag-pipes made some sort of a sound squeaked out something ; but that it was only the man who understood how to put his fingers properly on the holes, that could play the right tune. And, says I to him ; it's the same with the Bible; every one has the Bible; and it does'nt say the same thing to them. And it in only the Church, that was sent by God to teach the world that knows tho true use and sense of the Bible ; and I said to him that that church teaches me! I told that good man thai a philosopher could not have answered better! Time will not permit me to state what has been the result of tho multiplf cation of copies of the Bible; the result ' I mean on Protestant Foreign Missions. I shall avail of the earliest opportunity to fix attention on this view of the subject. Protestantism has tried the conversion of many peoples; but in every instance has singularly failed. It has converted no people : no noticeable part of a people; and never will. The result of its efforts in Ireland is a fair sample of its success every where. And in Ireland where it has con. sidered itself very successful, the extent of con version has been ' the loan of the new religion until the new praties grows.' But, of this more when I speak next.. I think I may fairly con clude that I have shown the Catholic Church to be the truest friend of the Bible : and Protestan tism the greatest of all its foes, I proposed to myself no more. Let us pray for the day to come, when the scandalous abuse of the Bible shall cease ; and all shall flock into the bosom of the Church of Jesus Christ, to which, and not to the Bible was committed the work of ' teach* ing all nations.' On the conclusion of the lecture Dr. Forrest in a few words eulogistic of the lecturer and the subject treated, moved a vote of thanks to Father Conway which was carried by accla mation' Prince op Wales Theatre.— On next I Tuesday Mr. William Hinchey will take a benefit at the above theatre, and we hope he will i receive that patronage to which he is entitled. The performance will be under the patronage of I his worship the Mayor, and the various lodges of ? Odd Fellows. Mr. Hinchey has belonged to I this body for many years, and has so far gained i the good will of the members that he now j occupies the responsible position of treasurer. ; For above ten years he has been engaged as check taker at the theatres and he new ! appeals to the public to endorse his conduct in ' that capacity, and we trust the frequenters of tta 1 theatre will show on Tuesday that they approve j of his conduct in that capacity. The programme j of itS3lf should ensure a good house respective I of the claims of Mr. Hincbey, but when it J becomes known that the performance is for his I benefit we have no doubt the public will prova 1 that they appreciate his conduct in the oftentimes f difficult position in which he is placed. Tha performance will commence with Rural Felicity in which Lady Don will sustain the nrinninal part, and the second piece will be Orpheus and Euridyce. It is not often that we have to re commend in a special manner any benefit, but on th:s occasion we de hope that a full house will prove to Mr. Hinchey that his cond uct whilst on the theatre has been duly appreciated. Christy's Minstrels.— The second week of these talented minstrels has proved as successful ' as the first one, and the visitors have always left \ satisfied with tbe performance. Signor Abecco { still continues the favourite, and in the song tha I 'Moon behind the hill' was as successful as°with f his former songs, each evening being favoured ' with an encore. That beautiful quartette ' Coma where my love lies dreaming' has formed part of the programme during tbe week, and bas lost none of its popularity, being sung exquisitely by Collins, Herberte, Rayner and Carter. Tha capital burlesque Italian Opera concluded the per formance. Last even.'ng the bouse was crowded ' and tbe first part of the performance was given in evening costume and white faces. Signoc Abecco sang ' Kiss me, good night mother' and played on the harp a medley ef English, Irish and Scotch airs. This afternoon the second mid-day performance will take place, for tha convenience of families residing out of town. Local Indtjstby.— We have been shown ,a sample of cigars manufactured in Orange by Mr. Phillips, which for appearance and flavour are cer tainly equal to the finest foreign manufacture. Besides their excellence in these particulars tbay have the additional recommendation of being very oheap, and Mr. Phillips may be fairly congratulated upon the Buccess of his efforts, as there can be no doubt the cirgars will meet with a very ready. Bale. Mr. Pillips is at present in Bathursfc, and informs us that he is making preparations for the manufao ture of local-grown leaf, when he think* that all I that all th« protection he will require will be a 1 *? a fair field and no favour.' — Batlturst Times. 1 The Family of the late Constable Neison. I There was a committee meettng held at Collector I on the 25th instant, to oonsider the best means of | applying the fund for the relief of Mrs. Nelson. I It »ii unanimously decided that a farm Bhoald ba I provided for her, and stocked with eattle, &c;,bo 1 that she may be placed in a position to maintain ? her family by the exertion» of her two eldest sons. A considerable sum has been already received ; bufc owing to several lists from the distant collectors not having arrived, a detailed list of the subscribers oannot be published at present. — Goulburn Moraid. . ] 