AMERICAN" SLAVERY. The recent cessation of hostilities in America cannot but be regarded with feelings of satisfac tion in. every part of the civilized world. War, with all the calamities that follow in its train, has gloated itself to the full. The angel of death no longer hovers over multitudes of armed men—sous of the same soil, descendants of the same fathers seeking each other's life-blood with all the bitterness of revengeful hatred. The . mournful pages in the history of that extraor dinary nation, btill wet with blood and tears, are closed; the boasted cradle of liberty is no longer the market-place for human chattels; the voice of the kidnapper is silent in the streets; the fugitive slave law lies buried with the re mains of tens of. thoasands of brave men, who loved life and kindred and country "more, bub freedom none the less. The universal truth, "that all men are endowed by their Creator with certain natural rights, amongst which is the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness/' is now as true for the despising negro as the " haughty planter," or the " poor white." That a nation comprising some thirty millions of people should carry on a civil war of such gigantic proportions, and for such a length of time* is something so terrible to contemplate that the mind involuntarily stands aghast at the thought, and the civilization of the nineteenth century shrinks back in despair, while the friends of human progress can only drop a tear to the memory of those whose blood has been shed in the cause of liberty. But though we may rejoice that this mighty nation is at peace, we cannot shut our eyes to the difficulties in the way of restoring it to anything like a state of national unity. The victorious party may compel sub submission to the standard of the Union but they cannot change the sentiments of millions of the people, nor albjr feelings which have been the growth of several generations. What will they do with the slaves P A simple question, easily asked, but who shall answer it? Here on this side of the world where we number our population by thousands, and think every additional ten thousand as something extraor dinary, we can form but a very inadequate idea of the difficulties attending the disposal of nearly four millions of people ; not that their country is too thickly populated ; not because its natural advantages are fnlly developed ; not because it is unable to produce enough for the subsistence of its inhabitants; in all these things it is superior to every other country on the face of the globe. Its rivers and lakes, its minerals, its agriculture, its commerce and ship ping, its manufactures, and, above all, its rapid increase of population have never been sur passed ; but amidst all this material prosperity, the sin for which the nation now mourns in sack cloth and ashes^ has left its mark, and time only can efface it. To give some faint idea of the state of public feeling in the Southern States on the subject of slavery, we will quote a few ex tracts from a work. published in 1852 on the industrial resources, &c.;, of the Southern and Western States,'by J. D. B. de Bow, of Hew Orleans, in three vols.—Ho amount of educa tion or training can ever render the negro equal in intellect with the white. 4 You cannot make a silk purse out of a sow's lug,' is an old and homely adage, but not the les3 true, so you cannot make anything from a negro but negroism, which means barbarism and infer riority. As God made them so they have been, and so they will be; the white man, the negro, and the jackass ; each to his kind, and each to his nature; true to the finger of destiny (which is the finger of God), and undoubtingly pursuing the track which that finger as undeyiatingly points out. "Is the negro made for slaveryP God in Heaven what are we, that because we cannot understand the mystery of this, thy will, we should dare rise in rebellion, and call it wrong, unjust, and evil? The kindness of nature fits each creature to fulfil its destiny. . The v«ery virtues of the negro fit him for slavery, and his vices cry aloud for the shackles of bondage. It is the destiny of the negro, if by himself, to be a savage; if by the white, to be a serf. They may be styled human beings, though of an inherently degraded species, To attempt to relieve them from their natural inferiority is idle in itself, and may be mischievious in its ,| results. Equality is no thought nor creation of God. Slavery under one name or another will exist as long as man exists, and abolition is a dream whose execution is an impossibility. Intellect is the only divine right. The negro cannot be schooled, nor argued, nor driven into a love of freedom. Alas for their folly (the; abolitionists). But woe, woe ! a woe of dark ness and of death—a woe of hell and perdition to those who, better knowing, goad folly on to such an extreme. This is indeed the sin not to be forgiven—the sin against the Holy Ghost, arid against the spirit of God. The beautiful order of creation, breathed down from Almighty intelligence, is to be moulded and wrought by fanatic intelligence, until dragged do wn at last to negro intelligence. " A knowledge of reading, writing, and the elements of arithmetic is convenient and im portant to the free laborer; but of what use would they be to the slave P Would you do a benefit to the horse or the ox by giving him a cultivated understanding or fine feelings P" " I am aware that, however often assumed, it is likely to be repealed again and again. How can that institution be tolerable,v by which a large class of society is cut off from the hope of improvement and knowledge ; to whom blows are not degrading—theft no more than a fault, falsehood and the want of chastity almost venial; and in which a husband or parent looks with comparative indifference on that which to a free man would be the dishonor of a wife or child P But why not, if it produce the aggregate of good P Sin and ignorance are only evils because they lead to misery." " The African negro is an inferior variety of the human race, and his distinguishing characteristics are such as pecu liarly mark him out for the situation he occupies amongst us j the most remarkable is their in difference to personal liberty. Let me ask if this people do not present the very material out of which slaves ought to be made P I do not mean to say that there may not be found among them some of superior capacity to many white persons, and why should it not be so P We have many domestic animals—infinite varieties distinguished by various degrees of sagacity, courage, strength, swiftness, and other i qualities." J Extracts like the foregoing might be given ad infinitum. We will, however, content ourselves with one more from the pen of another but not less celebrated author than Mr. de Bow. Chan cellor Harper, of South Carolina, in an address delivered before the Society for the advance- ' menb of learning, at Charleston, says, " The I institution of slavery is a principal cause of eivi- ( lization. It is as much the order of nature that men should enslave each other as that other j animals should prey upon each other. The savage can only be tamed by being enslaved or by having slaves. The African slave trade has given and will give the boon of existence to millions and millions in our country, who would otherwise never have enjoyed it." We can well under stand what must be the state of public opinion which tolerates the expression of sentiments like these. JSTor can we fail to see how little hope there is for the African race to stand on an equality with the white, or even to find a home in the same country. But our space is exhauted for to:day. We shall take another opportunity of referring to this subject. 