SIEXCELSIOL." SATUIRDAY, PELBIRUARY 4,1865. YEW countries' and settlements ist I always 'sibject :to sudden and violse mutations which, arise not only from l discoveries of hidden resources, but a from the influx of a population whos pursuits. and, objects may differ rot siderably from those of the first settle? It is no part of. our argument. atpteal to shewir hoi or why a 'populatona rer determined' to Gippsland, n'or ?'as lands whicih were in the early'daysott settlement of the country :occupid i half a. dozen 'settlers, should, nor owned by as many hundreds.' Suchl been the fact, and we, must deal with, currences which are now and have b taking place since the district has thrn off its lending strings, and the new seld began to think' and act for themselr Up to a' certain stage of progresi "advance" was the watchword 'of en class except the mbnopolists of the lan but progression often runs ahead oft promoters, and such would appear nod be the state of things in 'this dishr When a population were invited to co and settle in Gippsland, it was done lieving that the new arrivals were to mere automnatoris-men without minds their own who were to follow the beas track before them, and neither look tot right or the left. "Sale was to be capital of Gippnsland, and Port Albert to be its port,' and such would probal have been the state of things to this i if the pursuits of the new arrivals I been merely agricultural' or? pastol That wonderful revolutionist of countries of all periods of the world he ever appeared, and then followed a arrangement of all previously concer plans. For some years small goldfie had been in existence in Gippsland, I never, brought any extent of populst except one or two rushes, which wen the most transient character. Siman neously with the division of lands, orr nearly so, came the discovery of the i gold-fields which, up to this hour, v continue to give increased promise their riclness and extent. 'A new poi lation and a new source of wealth sc produced those changeswhichhavetoan siderableextent upsetthe entiretopogla ofl' Gippsland. Port Albert is nolon; tlhe only Port of trade, nor are the ob of the mercantile transactions oft northern district confined to Sale. I settlement of other towns..whose pro mnity to navigable rivers enables b?usin men to convey goods at comnparative cheap rates to the gold-fields, does I necessarily imply that these towns are 'tablislhed in rivalry to those of older di or that there is any attempt made their initiators to destroy' the vestedi terests of brother traders. We ha some people who grumble sadly at present state of things, who mourn ac tholossof that which they never posses and look at tll establishments of nea tio ships and new businesses as rival est lishments. Yet such is not the cu Miners, like other inen, will buy int cheapest 'and mort convenient mard and if such facilities are offered by o and not by others, we must expecte purchaser to go where he.is treated b With tradesmens' prices we liave not to do, but we are as much cdncerned any one else.in having the port nearet where we have madse our locantion plhiec of inport for all commodities o' should naturally belong to its trade. transition in the mercantile relation this district which are:nows taking' are of far more consequence to many terests than the owners of those inte appear to be at all aware of. In this mark we do not allude to PortAlbert that once flourishing town appears t0o yielded up the ghost and its population have'made a' general exodus. But allude to Sale,. the principal establi business-town in Gippsland. To Slel the right hand of fellowship extendd both the imnporters and consumers was looked upon as the-natur;al deO three-fourthss of the wlhole, district, strange to say, Sale refused the prof, commerce. A small bar stood at the. tiance 'of the Latrobe, which reqil removing; money to 'a considerable tent for the purpose wassoffered b?. masters and others, besides whiel promise of Governmcent' assistance made by tlhe 'on.'Mr. IHervey to Pearson, and what was wanted toget over-deposit of the winter floods rei was the getting together a few active to form a committee and a morege subscription, of even small amounts? would slow the general interest felti" ing Sale a port of entrance fromn the In .this proceeding the Sale mred community refused to take a part dently believing that their refusal , bring back the trade to its oldcour'l the fallacy of such an ideai, they i be fully convinced. The action t??e the steam Navigation Companies significant enough to show that lteU necessary to te crrying on of th of Gippsland, unless So o makes Tho tne for this opportunityr be passed, and the offer no open; every day will incroaso the oap?dive permanence to a trsda shoand neerhave existed. Its and goods depotarises at Clyde Pi~aj' may well say' that it onves its not to the energy of any one in but tb the inertness of tihe pe h ,nd bnce established, Sale wil exist as aplhoo ofpassing traffleil,' remain in its stationary st?tO, market for the settlers around , - tunity may not offer many more times of remindig-tlie::i ercantile conmmuiity- of Sale thatthe state of transition will sdon be completed ; and that it will be too late for them to step out when all hopo is.passed.: Now. or;never should ibQ the watchword. of those;interested in keeping the trade . "centralised .in. Sale, and to make a. good practical use.of it is the best advice,which :-we: can give, under the present circumn stances. 