To the Editor of the Queensland Timea. Ila,--bh walking from Ipswich to this place, I picked up in the bush a copy of the Q&ueutamd; Times contain "pg aerpot of Mr. Fitgibbon's objection to the use of the SBalJburmy Himnn.book in St. Paul's Churob, or, to .pe?d more correctly, a report of Mr. Fitugibbon's covert Lttack on the ever bldessed mother of our Lord .andSaIiosr Jdeus Ohrist. Tile voice (however poor, w eak n sAid ?uworthy the voiae may be) o 0on0 lIm at least, of the English Ohurch in this land of \--'fil as'doctrine, heresy and schism," shall be raised in honour of her whom one of the brightest hierarchs fheaven was sent on a special message to salute. aIm, Sir, Your obedient servant, ?-. °s JomH NELSON. Mitohell Downs Station, September 21, 1865. Benoe oarire Virglai, cra, rset raiclo eudes tl iccultot, De, Doo, Dedlieo. Ale Msri I Fail of grace, Esited most of human race, Celestial glory'o brlghest star, Htghoe thronend tia angela far; Pare, of tbepums gemfos, DiLadem of duadms I 'bet brighteat dIadems of earth. At mont have eroned bhothuman worth, Wiltst thou ddlt cnirl In thy womb Etmtnuel'o brow; 'tws thee from whom He eook His fleh, His blood, His bone- His human form from thee alone I In thel he Layoembryo, Tarthee Hieceauaednnrnttoer'a woo Baulons nights eith slumber bookon; Yet ihith Pofalllg, hopes uospoken, Ever poee and eves ho1y, t gver bumble, ever lowly, Ever mee, and ever mild, He Wu obedient as arbild. Wbhe on 5IAe othoer' busines, boaod, thrsiwat In the temple fouond Apt to learn, mom apt to teach, Thedoolem msre'liuosat HIespyeech, , To eel violate tbelsw, Crritbow to theethe age~ls saw lausOhIHoly Virgin Queen, Nay like humilily be 0een. ao whento manhedd te d growo, The Like obeediuee still woa shoun; When at te bfest the wone had foiled. Thyswltexressned 00tom prevalled. " WVome. mine hour Is not yet, When 'midst My Futher' glory set, IO nn Its hoight eflblgenes abed In beboe rmindh-y lyaered hbeni, And o'erthso all that glory pour, Osnti blesitd ever mom:" rm"theetbhem raclewas wrought, No sooner is the water bougoht Thu "DRawfort nw"-oh I woods divine Boehold the watet ehduged to winei Nayw , oh utnhl I honor thee As Jesus did In ialilee. lat now the swiul hour draw nigh, Of helland BOtahn'o letor. * Betrnyed, sor-?en aid lone, •' 1[?]ee, DU~a~a~pheudSt tlpon, a1?1 bask wit IPtrul lahes tom, Hi temples plateed with rown of thorn, ..Clothediln purple's monk array, Jesus, fednlng, wends His way. Behold Him on the scoershd trel ;5ohosgL_ hte erseor edos 00001 . .Xlal .the agea s ofdesth, PtbeheO" Is sigh blh lateit heith, . .Thee, mLher, i ceommelt t Johno" "'BlJI Be~ored most loead one. Avle Malss I talrnd aboer, . Commaud for as muth filial love. ee-ohflpped by Ohi hearenly hosi, QO'meshaowed by the Holy Ghost, At the/eatdn of hoa sweet vole hebeyey hbes naborn eejoloe- l?olseo hoogltlBPoIbed In hlvlOg tomb ; :" _Zl-Y~les? ?by withi he wo~mnb Mo?k oftehoglorlo'uon .OlBlheoanaeoss.' who viclory won O'ardob seath bhell, then opened wide ' Thugltes ef Heaven, that the tide ' Oferostuglltermtght flow Heavenward, from this earth below. Blaessldefeohubless terd, Jifitherof Oh' lcarate Word. lteo the iufaut't fet- drawn brehib, ln"aau?nod, to the booruf death, Now aedleer In our need, For as salner. auteomae ; S .' eafdithattlluo rala foogtven, •Wmayrnign wlth threeo Heaven. ' w e.A ialal ll elofgoo, " .Plonlfsrlltim'humsnuroe. &meon.; k ] ?'eatlIofetMat aew, thve Aposlle. 