DECIDUOUS TREES ADAPTED TO THE CLIMATE OF VICTORIA. The following descriptive list of deciduous trees with directions for preparing the soil and planting, was read before the members of the Ballarat Horti cultural Society on loth May, by Mr William Elliott, president: Deciduous trees being natives of temperate cli mates, possessing foliage thin in texture, and fur nished with numerous breathing pores, are not generally well adapted to bear the heat of countries where the temperature rises so high as in these lati tudes, and where the air during Bummer is so ex tremely dry. Still they are valuable, whether regarded for their economical uses or aa objects of ornament, and hence it is highly important that wo should be able to distinguish those that are best adapted to the climate. I have, therefore, compiled a list of Buch as aro in existence in the colony, with a short popular description of each, and bavo also mentioned the kind of soil or situation which each requires or preferB, so that intending planters may bs able to select only such as appear adapted to the peculiarities of their soils and situations. _ It is highly important that the soil for the recep tion of all kinds of trees should be well prepared. Therefore the drainage first demands attention. Stagnant water is highly injurious to the roots of newly-planted"trees, and if the situation is low or the soil retentive, it ought to be carefully drained. In muny instances a separate hole is dug for each tree without the whole of the ground being trenched. In such cases, if the soil is at all retentive, a drain should be cut from each to carry off the surplus water; otherwise the roots, wounded as they must necessarily be in transplanting, are sure to sustain injury. Where planting is to be conducted on an extensivo scale, the ground may be prepared with the plough and subsoil plough. It should be stirred to a depth of from 20 to 24 inches, and well pulverised with the usual implements. 'When on a small scale, the work will ol course be dono with the spade, the soil must be stirred to a similar depth, which may ba effected by turning two spits and breaking up the bottom with a pick. Where the soil is naturally poor or thin, it will be necessary to add to it either addi tional soil or well decayed manure, or both; and in such cases it is advantageous to provide some soil of fine texture to place around the roots in planting. Deciduous trees should bo planted as Boon as possi ble after the leaves have fallen. June may bo con sidered the best month for planting in this neighbor hood. In digging up trees in the nursery, care should be taken to secure the greatest possible amount of fibres, for upon thestateof the root depends thefuture progress of the tree. Previous to planting, the muti lated ends of the roots should be cut smooth with a knife. The hole should be made at least six inches wider than the extent of the roots, and the bottom left convex, not concave, in order that the extremi ties of the roots may point in a downward direction. Then the tree being set in the hole, while one person holds it upright another must spread out the roots and fill in fine soil carefully among them, keeping them entirely separate one from another and making the soil quite close and moderately firm around them. Should the soil happen to be dry at the time of planting it will be necessary to throw in a few buckets of water so soon a3 the roots are covered, and before the hole is filled up, which must not be done until the water has well soaked in. Then the hole may be filled to a few inches above the level to allow for settling, but should not be trodden after watering as that would tend to make it Bet hard.. Trees are frequently placed too deep in the ground; it is a sufe ruie to put them in the same depth as they were before transplanting. When trees are planted from pots, which is more frequently the case with evergreen than with deciduous kinds, a still greater amount of care is requisite in disentangling the roots, especially when, as is too frequently the case, they have become matted; for if planted with the ball entire it must be evident that the twisted and entangled roots will in time so compress each other as in many instances to cause the destruction of the tree. Should the tree be slender or much exposed to the wind it ought to be tied to a stake. Mulching with straw or litter during the following season is useful in preventing loss of moisture from the soil by evapo ration. I Bhall first describe treeB growing to the height i of fifty feet and upwards:- " The Ash.-The common Ash (Fraxinus excelsior), i a native of Europe, forms a call spreading tree < growing to the height of 100 feet, with a trunk six ; feet in diameter. Its timber ia remarkable for its < elasticity and toughness, and is much used by the wheelwright, coachmaker, and agricultural iustru- i ment maker. When young, it is excellent for hop poles, hoops, and similar articles. It prefers a deep rich soil. Its thin leaflets are not well adapted to bear the heat of this climate, except in favorable situations. The American Ash (Fraxinus acuminata) is a native of North America, growing near the edges ofjrivers and awampB,and attaining a height of eighty feet, with a trunk three feet in diameter. I am not aware of the existence of any but young trees in this country, and as they growvigoroush',probably this species also would thrive in. favorable situa tions. The Red or Black Ash fFraxinus pubescent) ia also an American species, of smaller size and slower growth than the preceding, and found in similar situations. There are a great number of other species and varieties of ash, chiefly natives of America, not yet introduced, but it is doubtful whether many of them would bs found adapted to this climate. The Beech (Fagus sylvalica) is one of the noblest of European trees, attaining a height of 100 feet and upwards, but its foliage appears to be too thin and tender to endure the hot winds of this country; consequently it will not thrive unless planted in a very sheltered situation. The copper and purple leaved varieties appear to be somewhat hardier than the species. The Birch (Betula alia) is a native of Europe, attaining the height of 50 test. It requires a damp soil, and is well suited for tha margin of water, espe cially the weeping variety, which forms a beautiful object with its pendulous branches drooping over a pond or lake. It grows vigorously in good soil. The Sweet or Spanish Chestnut (Castanea vesta), originally from Asia Minor, is a stately tree, rivalling the oak in size and longevity, attaining the height of 100 feet in favorable localities, but producing very inferior timber. Its eatable fruit is well known, nad constitutes a large portion of the food of the people of Southern France and Northern Italy, where it is collected and carefully dried for use in winter. Nest to the Flatanus, the Sweet Chestnut may be consi dered the finest deciduous tree we have. Ic prefeia a deep sandy loam, and grows vigorously. The Deciduous Cypress (Taxodium distichum), t cone-bearing tree, in North America 120 feet hi"h with a very thick trunk, often from 25 to 40 ftec°in circumference at the base. Though pyramidal in ( form while young, yet when full grown it has a spreading broad head, somewhat like that of an old j Cedar of .Lebanon. It attains its largest size in the ! ewamps of the Southern States and the 1'loridas, on the deep miry soil of which a new layer is every year deposited by the Hoods, and where the trees ure surrounded for several months in the year with water to the depth of three or four ieet. I have no doubt it would thrive in moist situations in this country and if so would form one of our handsomest trees! Young plants of it grow here very rapidly. The Elm (Ulinus).-Ql this there are several species and varieties in the country, of which the Huntingdon Elm fUlmus molilalia vegeta) is the most deserving of cultivation, it being extremely vigorous, making shoots nine feet long in a season and with large broad leaves. Next to this Btands the common "SVych Elm fUlmus montanaj, which re resembles the preceding; then the Cork- barked Elm, which also grows vigorously; and, lastly, the English or Field Elm fUlmus ca-npe'uris) which has smaller leaves than any of the loregoing and consequently is not so much esteemed as an ornamental tree. The elms are all natives of Europe where they form large trees 60 or 70 feet high, with trunks four feet in diameter. They will thrive on any soil that is of tolerable depth, and are admirably adapted to this climate. The Ginkgo Tree (Salisbtiria aiiantifolia) is a native of China, where it is said to attain an im mense size. An account is given by Bunge of one which had a trunk 40 feet in circumference, of prodigious height, and still in the vigor of vegeta tion; the timber of the Ginkgo is soft, but takes a fine polish. It requires a dry subsoil, but it is doubtful whether it will thrive in this climate. The Gleditschia (Oleditschia triacanthos), Thorny Acacia and Honey-Locust of the U.S. of America, attains a height of 70 or 80 feet. It 13 remarkable for the trunk and branches being covered with enor mous spines. This renders it an excellent plant for hedges where great strength is required; likewise it bears cutting well and grows exceedingly fa9t. Its pretty Acacia-like Icavea, and the picturesque forms which it assumes, always recommend the Oleditschia triacanthos as on ornamental tree. Oleditschia Sinensis, (or, horrida), a Chinese species, resembles the former in every particular. They both thrive in any soil, and are well suited to this climate. The Hornbeam (Carpinus hetuhts) is a native of central Europe, and will attain a height of 60 or 70 feet; it prefers a heavy, clayey or loamy soil. It is not a handsome tree; its beat use appears to be for ! hedges as it will bear any amount of cutting. It does not appear to be well able to withstand the hot winds. The Horse CheBnut (JEsculus hipposcastanum), a native of Europe, is one of the largest sized and handsomest of trees, and remarkable for the beauty of its flowers. As unfortunately its foliage cannot bear our hot winds, it is not likely to prove service able here except in well sheltered situations. It re quires a deep free loam. The Kentucky Coffee Tree, Nicker Tree, Stump Tree of America (Gymnocladus Canadensis') attains in its native country a height of 50 or 60 feet. It is highly ornamental, being possessed of fine bipinnato foliage, which in young trees is 3 feet long by 20 inches wide. It requires a rich damp soil, and thrives on the volcanic soil of this country. Tha Larch (Lariz europcea) is found on most of the mountains of Europe. It is a fine tree, rising, in favorable situations in the Alps, and also in Britain to a height of 100 foet. The excellent quality of its timber iB well known; it grows on almost any soil, . but produces the finest timber on a cold subsoil. In ihis climate it grows well, at least while young, on our volcanic soil, but appears to suffer from hot winds in unfavorable seasons. There is also an American species, but it is in every way inferior to the European. The Lime, or Linden Tree (Tilia European) forms a handsome symmetrical tree, attaining a height of 90 to 100 feet, with a trunk eight or nine feet in diameter. It is a line avenue tree, for which pur pose it is much used in Europe. Unfortunately its leaves are too thin for this climate, so that to suc ceed it would require a very sheltered situation, and a deep sandy soil. The wood is soft, and considered excellent for carving. Of its bark are made the well-known bass mats so much used by gardeners. The honey produced by the flowers is considered superior to all other kinds for its delicacy. The red- twigged appears hardier than the common variety. TheNegundo, or ash-leaved Maple (Negunioftaxmi folia) is a native of North America, where it attains a height of 50 feet in rich soil. It will thrive in any good soil and situation that suits the maples, but is not a very handsome tree. The Norway Maple (Acer piatano ides) is n native of Europe, and also of America. It is a middle sizsd handsome tree, in general appearance, at a dis tance resembling the common Sycamore, but on a nearer approach the leaves are found to be of a smoother and finer texture. It prefers a dry soil, and must be planted in a sheltered position. It would be likely to thrive on the south coast, near the shore. The Opal, or Italian Maple (Acer opulus) being a native of Corsica and Italy, will probably succeed here. It grows 50 or GO feet high, and affords a dense shade. The Oak fQuercus)-The mo3t renowned genus of deciduous trees. There are two varieties of tho common oak (Quercus roburj; theBe are-peduncu lata, with long stalks to the ucorns, and smilijlora, without stalks, which, though aliko in general appearance, are perfectly distinct in wood, leaves, and fruit. I am not aware whether both varieties exist in the colony, but in Sydney there are numerous trees olpedunculata. The Oak is too well known to require description: it succeeds admirably in this climate, of which we have abundant evidence close at hand. It will thrive in any kind of good soil, but of course, like other things, tho deeper and richer the soil the faster tho tree will grow. Tho upright variety (fas tigiata) forms a beautiful tree of a habit resembling the Lombardy Poplar, and appears to thrive equally with the common variety. The Turkey. Levant, or Mossy-cupped Oak (Quercus Cerris) also is well wor thy of cultivation, forming a handsomo tree with re markably pretty foliage and of vigorous growth. It is a native of the South of Europe and Asia Minor, attains the same height as the British Oak and thrives in a similar soil andsituation. Itismoresymmetrical in its shape than the common oak. Tho beautiful evergreen Fulham and Lucombe Oaks, are hybrids from this species. There are several species of Ame rican Oaks, some of which are in the colony. The White Oak (Quercus alba) most resembles the British Oak. In the American forests it is often 70 or 80 feet high, with a trunk six or seven feet in diameter. Its wood is very valuable. In the autumn its leaves change to a bright violet color. The Scarlet Oak (Quercus cocci/tea) is a tree o£ more than 80 feet high, with a trunk three or four feet in diameter. Its leaves change in autumn to a bright scarlet. Its wood is used as staves for dry-good3 casks. Both species thrive in this country. The Plane Tree (Plalanus) .-There are two species or varieties in the colony. 1st. The Western Plane (Plalanus ccciilenlalis), called Button - wood, and Cotton Tree by tho Americans, of whose coun try it is a native. It is most abundant in the Southern States, growing in the rich allu vial soils near the great rivers, and where it attains an enormous size. Its trunk is lound 70 feet without a branch, and above, an immense head; while stem3 havo been measured 40 feet in circum ference. 2nd. The Oriental Plane, Chinar of the Persians (Placanus orientalit), is a native of Asia, where it attains a height of 60 to 80 feet, with a massivo trunk, and widely-spreading branches, forming altogether a majestic tree. A specimen is spoken of by Pliny as growing in Lycia which was in itself a forest; its hollow trunk was 81 feet in cir cumference, and inside of it the governor, with eighteen persons, sat clown to dinner. The two sorts aro so much alike as hardly to be distinguished.ex cept by the leaves: they appear to thrivo equally well in this country, and will grow in any ordinary good Boil, but moat rapidly in rich black soil. I consider them the finest deciduous trees we havo. Tho Poplar (Populus).-In the colony we have the Lombardy Poplar (P. fastigiata); tho Clack Italian (P. momlifera); the Aspen (P. tremula); tho White Poplar or Abelo Tree (P. allia); the Balaam-bearing or Tacamahac Tree (P. balsamifcra). The Lombardy Poplar ia one of the commonest deciduoua trees we have, being easily propagated, and thriving in almost any soil or situation. It i3 a native of Italy. When planted near water it grows with remarkable rapidity, and attains a great height; there is a tree in Oxfordshire which in 1835 was 125 feet high, hav ing been planted 50 years, and the man who planted it was still living in a cottage near it. Its timber is of little use, but the tree itself is very useful in land scape gardening, being highly ornamental when con trasted with the horizontal lines of a bridge or other building, or with round-topped trees; it is alto well adapted for street planting on account of its branches occupying so little lateral space, not coming in contact with tho housea. It also make3 a good breakwind. Tho Biaclc Italian Poplar, so called from being ubundant in the north of Italy, though ic is said to be a native of America, is the most rapid-growing of all the pop lars, and attains a height of 100 feet. It does not appear worthy of high commendation as an orna mental tree, for it is so thin of foliage, and has in consequence been called a ghost of a tree. Of tho Aspen, little can be said of its adaptability to this climate, as it is not yet much cultivated; doubtless it would grow well enough in good soil, but could never become of much value. It is a native of Bri tain, and reaches a height of 60 or 80 feet, but is very short-lived. The White Pop lar is so named lrom tho under surface of its lsaves being covered with a white cottony substance, which, when the leaves are milled by the wind, give the tree a conspicuous appearance. It is a large-keaded tree, a native of Britain, and grows 'with extreme rapidity, especially when planted near water, though it will thrive in any kind of soil and reach a height of 100 feet. It is undoubtedly one of tho best of the Poplars; it is said to be the Chittim-wood of Scripture. The Bal sam Poplar derives its name from the glutinous bal sam with which tho buds are covered; it is found in North America and the East of Europe, attaining a height of about 80 feet, with a thick trunk. It requires a rich moist soil and sheltered situation, as its foliage is affected by hot winds. Its young leaves, which are yellow, are pretty in spring, otherwise it does not appear to be a desirable tree. The Sycamore (Acer i'seudo-Flatanus), greatly re sembles the Norway Maple, but attains a greater height; like it growing rapidly when young. They both afford a very deuso shade, and are therefore frequently planted on tho sunny sido of a dairy in the old country. The foliago of tho sycamore is some what tender, bo that it would require a deop soil aui sheltered situation to tnablo it ta do well in this climte. The Golden-leaved or Corstorphine piano, has very beautiful foliage, and is woll worthy of being planted among other trees for tho sake of tho con trast its leaves alford. The wood of tho Sycamore is use.1 in the manufacture of violius and other musical instruments. UiejTulip Tree (lirioiendron tulipiferaj, is one of tho finest of American trees, and next to tho Platamts, attains the amplest dimensions, being frequently found 120 feet high, while tho straightness and uni form diameter of its trunk for upwards of 40 feet, the iegular distribution of its branches, the richness of iti foliage, and the beauty of its flowers, give it a decided superiority to that tree, and entitle it to bo considered one of the most magnificent trees of the temperate zone. Whether it will maintain such a character in this country remains to be proved; it cer tainly doea not grow so rapidly while young aa tho Platanus. It prefers a deep, loamy, and fertile soil, such as is found in the bottoms near rivers. Tho Walnut (Juglans regia) ia a native of Persia, and forms a large and lofty tree reaching a height of 70 feet and upwards, with a stem four feet in dia meter. Its fruit is well known, and also its wood, which ia much used for cabinet work and for gun stocks. It attains the largest size in a deep loamy soil, dry rather than moist, and succeeds admirably in this colony. There are several American species and varieties of the Walnut,commonly called Hickory nuts, not yet introduced, which might be worthy of a trial. The Willow (Salix).-Of this genus a few species form trees. The Weeping Willow (S. Babylonica), grows to the height of 50 or CO feet; 5. alba, 60 to 8 Russclliana, GO to 80; S. Caprca, which fur nishes what are called "Palms" m Britain, 40; S. vilellina, 40 feet. The proper situation for them is on the margin of water where they are all, and especially the Weeping Willow, highly ornamental. I shall next describe treeB under 50 feet in height: The Ailantus or Tree of Heaven (Ailantus glandu loss) is a native of China, growing to a height of 40 feet or upwards. It is remarkable for its rapid growth when young, producing shoots of G to 9 feet in a season. Its foliage ia particularly handsome, the leaves being frequently G feet in length on youug trees. It thrives best in a deep moist soil. Tho Ailantus Silkworm which produces tho silk of whieh so many of the Chinese garments are made, feeds on this tree. The Alder (Almis glutinosa) has little to recommend it except that it will grow in moister situations than any other tree, and therefore might bo useful for planting tho margins of swamps. It is a native of Europe and Asia. When allowed to grow to a treo it sometimes reaches the height of 40 feet; its wood is valuable for a great many purposes-chiefly do mestic, and is almoBt indestructible under water. The Almond (Amygdalus communis) though best known as a fruit tree, is alao highly ornamental, especi ally when in flower, forming a most beautiful object in early spring. It is a native of Mauritania and the mountainous parts of Asia, attaining a height of SO feet. It prefers a well drained sandy soil. The Weeping Ash (Fraxinus excelsior pcndula) may be classed here._ This singular and beautiful variety of Ash was discovered about the middle of the last century in a field near Wimpole in Cam bridgeshire. It ia propagated by grafting on tall stems of the common Ash, and thrives in any good soil. The Carob, or St. John's Bread (Ciriionia Siliqua), ia found in the south of Europe, especially in Spain, where it reaches a height of 40 feet and is chiefly valuable on account of its fruit. This ia a pod or legume, the pulp of which iB eaten by man, or made into a kind of honey, which serves the Arabs for sugar; the seeds by horses, and the husks by swine. It is slow growing and not very hand some, but will thrive in any soil. The Catalpa (Catalpa syringcefolia) is a native of North America, and attains a height of 40 feet. It forms a dense large-headed tree, with large leaves, and produces beautiful flowers about midsummer. It prefers a moist soil. The Celtis or Nettle Tree {Celtis australis) ia a native of the south of Europe, growing 40 feet high. It is much used in the north- of Italy and aouth of France for planting squares and public walks. Its wood iB extremely compact, ranking nest to the Boxwood. In the south of France the young stems are much used for making hayforks; so valuablo is it for this purpose that in the Department du Qard there is a piece of rocky ground seven acres in ex tent (which would be quite uselesa for any other pur pose) from which above 5000 dozens of hayforks are made every year, producing a revenue of 25,000 francs- equal to the sum of £14S sterling per acre. The young shoots are extremely flexible, and are said to furniBli whip handles to all the coachmen in Europe. It also furnishes an eatabie fruit, supposed to havo been the Lotus of the ancients. The Ameri can Nettle Tree or Sugar-berry (Celtis occidentalis) resembles the former in every particular, with its leaves a little broader. They thrive very well in this climate, and will grow in any soil. Tho Cherry Tree QCerasus vulgaris),-Of this much e8teemed fruit tree ttie double-flowered varieties are worthy of a place in any collection, being so very handsome when in blossom, more especially tho double French, which appears to grow to a timber Bize and produces blossoms almost as large as roses. There are a great many other (as yet unintroduced) species and varieties of the cherry which are highly ornamental. Tho Elder, BourTree of Scotland (Sambucus nigra) is a native of Europe, generally found in hedges, and under favorable circumstances attaining a height of 30 feet. It is bandsomo both in flower and fruit, and will thrive in any ordinary soil. Tho wine made from its berrie3 is well known, and much used in the old country as a remedy for colds. The elder-flower water of the perfumers is distilled from its flowers. S The Hawthorn (Cratagus).-Of this genus there are an immense number of speeios and varieties, all eminently beautiful both in flower and fruit. They aro esteemed both for ornamental trees and hedges, the common Hawthorn (Crataegus Oxycantha) being one of the best and most extensively-used hedge plants in existence. When left uupruned, its beauty in spring when covered with its May- blossoms is known and appreciated by every one. Its varieties, the scarlet, the pink, and the double-blossomed, aro exceedingly beautiful when in flower. They are nearly all natives of Europe and North America, mostly forming trees 20 or 30 feet in height. They thrive well in this country when planted in properly prepared soil. The following sorts may be obtained in the colony:-C. Aronia, arbutifolia, cras-galli, or Cockspur Thorn, C. Bouglasii, macracantha, mexi cana, which, produces the largest fruit of any; C. odoratissima, Oxycantha, and its varietiej, double white, golden, variegated, superb scarlet, double pink, and tho upright growing; C. punctata, purpurea, pytifolia, and tanacetifolia Lceana. Their fruit, which varies in size in the difFereut species from a Mustard seed to that of the Golden Pippin Apple, is, in many of the kinds, quite agreeable to the palate, and greedily devoured by Binging birds, especially those of the thrush family. The Judas Tree (Cercis siliquastrum) is a nativo of I tlio South of Europe and Asia; evoa of Japan, and especially about Judea. It is supposed to be the treo on which Judas hanged himself. It grows to the J height of 20 or 30 feet, and forms a handsome treo with a flat-spreading head in the form of a parasol. , In spring it is singularly beautiful, for then it is covered with numerous bright purplish-pink flowers ( which appear before the leaves and are produced from all parts of the stem and branches. It will thrive in - any ordinary soil. The Laburnum, Cylisus laburnum, the common, and , C. alpinum, tho Scotch Laburnum, are natives of Europe, generally found on mountains and attaining a height of 20 or 30 feet. The Laburnums are well , known from their beautiful flowers. They succeed , pretty well in thiB country when planted in deep j strong soil. The oak-leaved variety of tho common Laburnum grows mora rapidly than the original species, and the weeping variety form3 a fine object when grafted on a tall stem. One of the most curiou3 i hybrids known, belongs to this genua. It is named Cylisus Adami, and is between the common Labur num and Cylisus purpureass. It produces three different kinds of flowerB; some ate like each, parent, and others of an intTrccUlaro character. The Locust Tree (Itobinia Pseud-Acacia) iB a native of North America, and though attaining a height of GO feet in favorable localities, does not appear to become more than a low tree in this climate, where, however, it grows well, and will thrive in any soil. It makes a strong hedge in a short time, a? id bears pruning to any extent. The Maple {Acer campcslrs) is a native of ^England and other parts of Europe, where it attains a height of from 20 to 30 feet. Its wood is used by turners and makers of domestic utensils, and furnishes also the celebrated Bird's-eye maple of the cabinet- i makers. It forms an ordinary-looking tree without much to recommend it; thriving in any .well-pre pared soil, and appearing to succeed in th is climate, for there is a heulthy specimen in a garden in Collins street, Melbourne. The lied or Scarlet Maple is a highly ornamental tree, and remarkable for the beauty of its flowers. It is a native of North America, where it is found growing in deep rich soils by the margins of rivers. The following other kinds, which are yet untried, may bo obtained in the colony:-A. monspessnlamim opalus, opuli folium, Piimsylvanicum, striatum, and Talaricim. The Magnolia-In the forests of America are found many deciduous spccies of Magnolia, very few of which are yet in this country. They generally form handsome trees varying from 30 to GO feet in height, and moat of them producing beautiful flowers. They delight in moist situations where tho soil is deep and the air humid from exhalations; therefore they cannot bo expected to thrivo in this climate except in very peculiar situations. Tlio Paliurus, or Christ's Thorn (Paliurus aculcatus) is a native of the east of Europe and of Asia, where it iorms a low treo resembling the hawthorn and covered with prickles. Ic is used as a hedge plant in Italy and Asia, and though thriving pretty well in this country, does not appear worthy of much notice. I The Paulownia (Paulownia imperialis) is a nativo of China. It greatly resembles tho Catalpa, but with larger leaves, which sometimes measure 17 inches across. Ic grows very rapidly when young and forms a large-headed tree, producing handsomo flowers. Any kind of good soil suits it. The Plum (1'runus).-There are several species and varieties of plum which form handsomo ornamental trees when in flower or fruit. Such aro tho common sloe, or black-thorn fPrunus spinosa); tho bullace (Primus insililia); the double- blossomed plum (I'runus domeslicaplena)-, tho cherry-plum(Prunus mijrabalan). All of theao thrivo in this country in ordinary good soil, The Pyrus, Pear, and Apple.--In thi3 genus aro a number of highly beautiful orna mental trees. The Common Crab (Pyrus mains) is ;remarkably so when in flower, Pyrus spectaiilis is still handsomer, and the Siberian Crab (Pyrus bacnata) either in flower or when covered with fruit, ia very pretty. Several varieties of the Pear also (Put us communis) are well adapted for planting us ornamental trees. The White Beam Tree {Pyrus aria) is a native of Europe, growing to a height of forty feet with a symmetrical shape. Its leaves, which ate white on the under surface, produce a striking t.-ffect when the wind blows. Th's Service Treo (Pyvus sorbus) is of a similar characte.r to the foregoing. The Mountain Ash, Rowan Tr ee of the Scotch Pyr-its aucuparia) is a well-known t.ree when covered wit ;h its red ber ries in autumn.. AIL of these thrive in this country when planted in properly-prepared noil. UNDURAHILITY OF GKANITE.-There is a popular delusion which supposes everything exa-aut 2d ill granite to be lasting and magnificent; UD d to- this, rather than to any practical advantages, ? .ts -use- is to be attributed. Many varieties of granif ,ej however, decay rapidly. The color of most of tbem is far from pleasing; the great cost of workir g them makes it almost certain.that designs in v /hich they nre adopted will be of the most ineag' and poverty stricken class. When Parliament e r* a private com mittee decrees the U8e of granite fr ,r a public monu ment, it is safe to predict that it w: alj<i another to the many eyesores of the metrop 0JjS> Witness the Crimean monument, the pedestal 0f which, if we re member rightly, was framed ' jf B|Bjja of granite, with sham rustic joints cut ou them. It proved so unsightly, and so incapablo 0f teeeiving any per manent decoration, that the ar resourco was to hang j bronze ornaments on it. Q best Btatute-pedostal in London, that at Cross, is of Portland stone. TVe are not, 'aotfeve r limited to this mate rial. There are li.aif a doze n kinds of stone, and probably Beveral -0f native < ir Irish marble, vliicu would be quite 'as durable as granite, far leas costly to work, and infinitely pre* erablo in appearance. Building News. "f TUOSE WHO ARE cimioin i about tUc^ character the Tomfool's knot wills ec a goodly _supp y jowellers'sbop^windows,.!© th® shape ot g ivory scarf-pins. It is a pretty true-loves-1knot looking thing, extremely sir nple in appearanc , impossible by any fair mean .s to pull asunder. suits true lovers, but. not Davenports.-w«« Journal. 