MEBIN0. (fbom a cobbespondent.) The story has been often told how, more than a quarter of a century since,' Major Mitchell, lifter his discovi-ring the Wannon, penetrated to Portland Bay, and there found the Messrs. Henty, and how, on hearing of ihe richly grassed country and well-watered plains which lay but filty miles northward of the settlement they had formed, they pushed their flotks and herds onwards, and so becnine the pioneers of the Western pastoral liitriit. Tlie site of their first homestead is nigh the township of Merino, and for many veare, witliout aid or protection from Government, at a great uutlny of money and risk of life, they held without dispute the tenure of the country opened by their enter prise. JlesErs. Winter, and after an interval the Coldliams, Whyther, and I'illean, entered the fluid. All these setttlers took up the beau tiful and fertile vulleya of the Wannon and Glenelg. Having borne the costs and toil, the pastoral rights were conceded by the Crown to these early settlers. Wlitn the way was made clear and all difficulties removed, and the ven ture proved commercially good, others rapidly poured into the district : the privileges of the elder settlers were restricted to a space 'suffi- cient for the stock they actually held, tvitli an allowance. for natural increase. But it. U only with the growth of our democratic institutions thai it has been held just lo drive off the -first .settlers to make room and ' give a cham;e ' (so the phrase is) to the many, helped for the meet \y»n to the better loud ami higher wage of Vic toria, by funds created by Ihedarine, |ad-fdre and capital of the early 'squaiten. We liave no desire to stir the troubled .waters of ?? Victorian politics, but our review of the past leads us to say that a hard ineosure ol justice has been denltoiit to the Wfinnon- pioueers. . \- Tlie name of Merino, as .of Muntham and Sandford, tell of the Sussex liamlete whence these early colonists came. ? On linfter Monday, the gatlicring of people, and crowde of ticited children, bhowci tliat euuiething of no ordinary interest was afoot in Merino. The British Ensign, ' The flag that hat braved a thousand years,'' floating on the breeze, pointed out the scene of attraction. The corner-stone of a new Church was to be laid, Rud the nnnual feast of the school kept. At two o'clock, the Rev. Dr. Russell, in all due form, afier reading select parts of Scrip ture and the chanting of psalms, declared the comer- stone and foundation of a Church for the use of the parishioner* of Merino, .to be called the Church of St. Cuter, to he well and truly laid, in the name of i'tulier, Sou, and Holy Ghost. Appropriate prayers were said, and then Dr. Russell delivered an address nf some length. He traced the successive stages of prpt'rets made in establishing the ordinances of religion at Merino, uiitil it' was resolved 16 rro viae'a''Cuurcu, which would afford room for the seemly Bhtl reverent celebration of the Divine Unices, anS stand forth as a memorial of the homage due to God from His creatures. The plaiiB, prepares with much skill and taste by the architect, Mr. Fox, shewed a nave 60 feet *y 25 feet, with a southern porch, transept*, chancel, arid a central tower. The nave com plete in itself would suffice lor tlie present, ana the further needs of the pariBh could be met by extensions, without -violence to the original design'. The characteristic features of a true ecclesiastical edifice were faithfully observed, so that the traveller as he approached Merino and oinght sight of St. Peter's, would at first glance recognise It ns a Church, and not a little Bethel or ft Stlem Chautl. The details might be meagre, and tlie style severe, but all was reil, and !)--nett and true. Jjeing what it pretended io be. Dr. Kuasell spoke yery earnestly as to the propriety *f -a Church' having ample space for the decorous worship of God ; he thought that people should not be cooped up in narrow pewe »o that reverence of body became impossible, but In body as in soul they should bend meekly before the Throne of Grace. A church should be open to nil alike— rich and poor, high and low. ? « auould flot ue an aMemoiy-roum »» » select company— a middle-class luxury — a de toiitof-tameoneorother strata of our «oci»l ?yitem. But, besides this, there was another rtfrMseieiiiireh should serve: it oughtto be an out wan), vicibletoken of m»n*« ijratitude to God. This holy, season admonished them of then-deep debt to Him *rfio suflFered poverty, humihation, betrayal, agony, death, that they might have pardon, peace, and bleasednesa. What Miroof of deadneas of soul they gave if then- hearts «H(J fiot bom to testify .before men and angels toeir adoration of Him who so loved aud gave Him self for them. Ko doubt love to Christ was best manifested by doing His will, loving one another and comforting the destitute and afflicted ; but ?R^floMKwJthji^'ihQBU-bedone, why leave tl;c ctlur uuJiinc ? We are not left to onr own fnnnises here. Once on a time a pour soul ubiwe heaviness gave place to rest and joy in Clirist, cume where the i.onl 'fat at meat,' bringing au alnbaEter-bnx of ointment, very preeioiw, and she l.-rake the hoi and poured out the odoruus ointuitnt nn the (saviour. One of the cinpauy rebuked the wnEte. The cost (so hi^ai.l) had^cller leen pven in alms to the I'-or. Jenus' temler comment was 'Let her alone' 'She hath wrought a good work, ihis she both dune shall be loM as a memorial of her whiTHsocver the gosj.el is preacbe-l.'1 It was Judas Itcariat who fuuud fault, and we iiro distinctly told that Ijo waa a thief, and Ins csre of the poor wa? a pietence. Hay there nut be in our ow u times the acting over again nf this very scene? A full heart, glad to spend and bo Epent for the Lord Jesus. A bitter ctitic standing by catting hljcie uimn the .-cal shown fcr the Iuhiel- of the Lonl and the offices t icrenf, sujgeBtms something more Evangelical, plain— cheaper ! Raising up objections as n pre text to cover a churlish disinclination to give A thief because he robs Gnd of what He chirrs as Jiis clue. The benediction was then pronounced. An elegant and most plentiful repast was pre pared by the Indies cf the ncishnnurlimid for the children. When all ha.l partaken amttnjoyed merry Kamcs, and prizes v.-ere distributed, the procCL-dnigg of the day closed. 