ANNIVERSARY MEETING OF THE REV. DR. STEEL'S PASTORATE. 1 THE anniversary of the Rev. Dr. Steel's pastorate of the Presbyterian Church, Macquarie-street. was celebrated by a tea and public meeting held last night in the Temperance Hall, Pitt-street. The hall was crowded to the doors. I -The following ministers and gentlemen occupied seats on the platform The Rev. Dr. Steel (the chairman), the Revs. John Graham, J. Bickford, A. Thomson, Dr. Beg, \- Blain, J. Voller, J. Gibson, R. Boag, T. A. Gordon, Dr. Smith ; Mr. S. D. Gordon, M.L.C., Dr. Charles, Captain Smith, Mr. J. S. Adam, Mr. H. Hossack. A psalm having been sung, the Rev. J. GIBSON offered, player. The CHAIRMAN then addressed the meeting. There was no accommodation provided for the reporters, and the first part of his speech cannot therefore be given. He said It was to him not the less a matter of interest in our annual review that we were enabled now to look with something more than hope to the long anticipated gather- ing together of the dispersed of our venerable Israel. (Applause.) The Church of our fathers rejoiced in its Catholic note of unity in times bygone, and it was, he thought, encouraging to them in this southern land' to have sounded the first note of Presbyterianism he did not mean in New South Wales, but in Australia and it must be peculiarly gratifying to us all now that the echoes of Presbyterian union resounded in our ears from the Presbyterian Church at home. (Applause.) It was in Victoria that the union of the three great Presbyterian Churches was first formed ; then fame Canada, then New Zealand, than Queensland, in May of last year South Australia, ned on the 8th of September of the present year New South Wales would add its name to that noble list. It was, he said, particularly cheering to us to learn that already, in the very centre of the ancient battle-ground, with the historic memory of many an earnest struggle in our own Fatherland, (he feeling after union was rising, and on the Very next- opening of the General Assembly we should have the honour to be connected with them. Nor was the movement in favour of union confined to Scotland alone, for the other day he had the happiness of seeing a very interesting paragraph from the pen of an American writer, who, having seen what was doing in New South Wales, was impelled to send the news across the Atlantic, and in his own country proposals for union were being a trained with a hope very likely soon to be realised of bringing together so large a family of Presbyterians as would number four thousand clergymen in their ranks, and also a noble band of elders and deacons. Those were the echoes of the Presbyterian world, that sounded from the voice of brethren dwelling together in unity in Australia. He was sure they would be gratified that the union was to take place on the 8th of September, and on principles that enabled us every one-whatever the section of the Presbyterian Church to which we had belonged to preserve the historical standards of the Church, he had never before had the happiness of entering upon the fourth year of ministerial labours in connection with any former congregation ; but having now fixed his home in this Austral land, he believed he was more settled than over in past times he had been. (Applause.) He trusted that our fellowship and happiness might go on, and that we might have many reunions like the present. He also hoped that they would be held in M larger building, in order that there might be more room to accommodate us as we sat around the social board. (Applause.) The rev. gentleman concluded his address by invoking the blessing of God upon the audience for the kindness shown to himself and his family, and he also prayed more especially that the young might be brought up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. The Rev. ADAM THOMSON said that it gave him great pleasure to be present on this anniversary of the Chair-, man's arrival, and to take part with the members of his congregation in giving thanks to God for the good which had been done through the Rev. Dr. Steel's ministry. He had felt deeply concerned as to who should come to occupy the pulpit in Macquarie street and he had now to say with deep thankfulness that in Dr. Steel he had found a (mo yoke-fellow and brother beloved. It could not be a matter of indifference to any right-hearted member of the community as to the person who should be the minister of the Macquarie-street Presbyterian Church, who should fill the pulpit of the congregation occupying such a position and exercising such an influence as dûr that congregation. It was most important that the minister should be one of decided evangelical sentiments, of pulpit gifts, and platform power, of line catholicity of spirit, and fitted to take the lead in connection with the great religious and charitable institutions of this city and colony. He should be sorry to use language which would be felt by his friend to be in the slightest degree indelicate, but he must say that in the estimation of his own congregation, and, he believed, of the entire community, such 11 man had been found in his brother Dr. Steel. (Applause.) At the particular crisis at which the affairs of the Presbyterian denomination had reached, it was besides of very great importance that the minister should be one who ima broad views and truly Catholic feelings in relation to the divisions which had unfortunately prevailed. In that respect, too, we were singularly fortunate. It would be impossible to exaggerate the services which Dr. Steel had rendered in connection with our negotiations on the union about to be consummated, and he had very great pleasure in giving his humble and grateful tests nif.ñy to the fact. But it was more important and more to be desired in every respect, so far as the congregation was concerned, that their minister should be a man largely endowed with those gins and graces which would qualify him for efficiently discharging the pastoral work of the Church and in this respect also there was cause for thankfulness and praise to God for the blessings bestowed upon the congregation during the past three years. (Applause.) "It was said that when Chatham came into power his influence was felt throughout all the ramifications of the Government-the effect was visible in the remotest department from the pul- sation of the great heart to the centre. But Chatham himself would have been powerless, had it not been for the action that he was enabled to communicate to those under him. Sei li should be remembered that privilege involved responsibility; that power in the pulpit would be unavailing if there were not responsibility in the pew. He trusted that the congregation would realise their responsibility in this respect, and ever be ready at the call of their minister to go forward and take their part in the great work. We find great cause for thankfulness in the prospect of union and he was sure that our joy in the anticipation of it co-existent with (the most catholic spirit to our brethren of other dead minations. We said from the bottom of our hearts, Grace he to all them that love our Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity;" we rejoiced in the good they were doing, and hoped that it might be still more abundant. Wo lamented the inefficiency of our denomination by the weakness consequent on division. He trusted that it might not be a merely formal union, but that there might be a union of heart that feeling the power and the love of the Saviour, we might set ourselves as we had never done in the past to work for the glory of our Divine Redeemer in seeking the salvation of our fellow men in this land, in the islands of the sea, and in all quarters to which our influence might extend. (Applause.) The Rev. JAMES BICKFORD remarked, that he had been much delighted with the opportunities he had had of fraternal intercourse with Dr. Steel-, and that he had always felt it his duty to cultivate feelings of sympathy and affection towards the Presbyterian body wherever he had met with it. He felt that there ought to be more Intercourse between Christian ministers in Sydney than there was at present, for there were great questions to be considered by them. were ought to consult how best to do the work of the Lord to which we had been called and he should be glad if a large hearted man like Dr. Steel were to initiate some means which would remedy the evil of which he spoke. He hoped that the coming year would be one of great happiness to the Chairman, and that he might feel that he was indeed sustained by his people. He knew from what he had heard that he (the Chairman) had associated with him a band of men whom God had touched, and he could only say, May great grace rest upon you, and may Heaven give" prosperity to your untiring and faithful labours. (Applause.) The Rev. T. A. GoRDON most heartily united in the prayer that the minister of the Macquarie-street congrega- tion might long be spared to carry out the various and important labours in which he had been engaged, and which hitherto he had prosecuted so successfully. (Applause.) The Rev. JOHN GRAHAM, referring to the remarks of a previous speaker, said that he pitied our more highly cultivated families who thought their wealth and culture removed them from the Sabbath school and other social but beneficent influences. Sometimes there was as it were a film of caste between these and others less wealthy which rendered the means of intercom- munion very difficult. He believed that it was right to have these social meetings in connection with the cause of God ; but if the tone of public speaking, of the religious character of (the meetings were lowered, it was not a matter of wonder that our most cultured people stayed away. He had not had time to prepare an address, and had hoped that he would not have been called upon to speak. He felt that there was union among the ministers of the Gospel, and thought that there was greater need of communion. What was there that Dr. Steel believed and was trying to do that he (Mr. Graham) did not also believe and was not trying to do ? Dr. Steel believed in the one Great Father of nil- in the divinity and humanity of the Son of God-in the efficacy of his atonement for sin in the personality and Deity and present influence of the Holy Ghost, as the convinced of sin, the quickened and comforter of souls-in the emptiness and insufficiency of earth to satisfy human souls, and to pointment to heaven as their eternal home. He, too, believed in all these things, and was trying from Sunday to Sunday, by the grace of his blessed Master, and in his humble capacity, to (each the same and kindred (truths. He, (00, was trying (0 gather young men into associations for usefulness, to get ladies to deliver tracts and visit the poor and ignorant and if he were Dr. Steel's curate he could not be more earnestly doing the business. (Applause.) What had we to differ about We were one in Christ, and had to do the same work, despite the little differences of opinion. These sentiments were not simply uttered on (the platform and before the public but were borne out by private intercourse. As a genial hearted catholic brother, >r. Steel never obtruded peculiarities upon others but strove to bring out the things in which we agreed, that we might be cemented in unity and love. (Applause,) Speak- ing of revivals, the rev. gentleman asked what had they done for America. Many a young man had been brought to the Saviour in these revival meetings whose bones had since been buried in the wilderness. He believed that the North would not have stood out with that firmness and patience and loyalty of principle to God and man which brought it successfully through that terrible revolution if there had not been so to speak, a back- bone of Christian intelligence, love, and truth, and he therefore believed that God had had a special purpose in bringing about that baptism of the Spirit, He was present in Ireland during the time of the revivals there. The great fundamental verities of the Gospel were there brought out . _ jealous about their Presbyterian union, and would like that they look into their union us poor Methodists, Congregationalists, Baptists, and all of us. One of the finest- metals of antiquity- Corinthian brass was made by the fusion of other metals. We wanted a fusion of Churches by a fire of love, and when we got that we should cease to look upon little differences and work together in the great common cause. In (the meantime, however, he rejoiced to see any Church muted more firmly, having all its parts covering. Mr. Graham also' referred to meet-' ings of Christian ministers in London, to a communion service held in the Pitt street church, and to the inspiration of the Scriptures topics suggested by the remarks of previous speakers. It would, he said, be for the welfare of everyone of the members of of churches if he found one thing to do, and gave his heart and soul to the doing of it as the great business of his life in connection with the Church of God. The sun, the breezes of heaven, the brook we spoke of in illustration, all had one thing to do, and by doing it gave light, vigour, and fertility. There were a few persons who could do a great many things, but as a general ride in proportion as the Mrcaui of intensive w as direct''" 1900 mRnJ near .' would lack the power to turn I any one rv"00 so ""cheery that would do much work in the Church I I say God had a purpose concerning ever n ou and (be happiness and holiness and usefulness of every man You'd dope and upon his realising that idea and embodying in his life as a beautiful white IV pass could stand in another n area here, for instant two do his work was to the mine efficiency as the man could' do 11 ,h"BS,oIf'1 and it w" in the completion, in the hath school, and everywhere CM? Would that every member of our Church. had the tt i scr ouse less of strength and never within him which sr rang from the belief that he had not one thing to do, and that God expected him to do it Life "Report' and ,î them consider themselves as stewar T of the annual gift i of God There was but a faltering knuckle R transparent film betwixt us and an endless state .?"*' US native that we may be missed when we were gone I at.' HE 5 naked pole stud in the earth but like a tree weV furnished and fruitful throwing its shadow far and wilt, army proving a blessing to all around (Applause ) the Rev JAMES "vorIHR heartily responded to the desire that we might have more fraternal intercourse amongst Christian ministers of the city. It was with un- feigned pleasure that he intended to express his sympathy with the Chairman in his high and holy work, and the gratitude which he cherished in the perception of the marks of Divine favour which rested upon him He (the Chair man) was placed upon the margin of the past and the future, happily he could look back with gladness, and might the day never come when he would have to review the year with sadness and sorrow How delightful it was to be enabled to cherish, without presumption, the conviction that we were not labouring in vain, nor spending our strength foresight In this sacred cause success was everything, And how afflictive night It the feelings of the man who should have to look back upon a life professedly devoted to the ministry of the Gone, but which had actually been a failure? How great must be the joy of the man who could review his, work and believe that he had been honoured by his Master to be useful in the conversion of souls, and in their enlightenment and knowledge and progress heavenward I He most earnestly desired that the Chairman's highest anticipations might fall far below the blessings which in the future he might actually realise (Applause ). The Rev Dr Bro then addressed the meeting His remarks were humorous and anecdotal, and appeared designed chiefly to guard his hearers against on exclusive or rather spurious liberality) of sentiment, which disregarded all distinctions between truth and error He also spoke of the importance of decision of character, and urged Pres b) tenons, young men cspocioU), to be decided about building up the ruined walls of their loss The choir of the church efficiently rendered the following selections of sacred music "Make a joyful noise," "In Jewry) is God known," "Now to him," and "Nearer my) God to thee On the motion of Professor SMITH, seconded by Mr. S D Gordon, M L C , a vote of thanks was given to the ladies for their services in regard to the soiree 