SOUTH AUSTRALIA. ADELAIDE. 12th December. Mr Goyder, in his report, says that the line of demarkation of tbe rainfall is farther south than be anticipated. Tbe Government does not intend dis turbing Mr Goyder'B calculations, but proposes four remissions of rent according to tbe character and influence of the drought, and four extensions of the tenure or the hase. When several leases are held by ono person, it is tha intention of the Government ta consolidate them into one lease. Our Melbourne correspondent writes: -"It is re ported hers that Mr Aspinall, barristei-at-law, is about to receive a requisition from the electors of Greuviile to stand for that locality. Mr Aspinall would have, it is understood, been in the field long ere this, had he not deemed it but right to wait for tbe requisition which was known to b3 in prepara tion. Is is said that Mr Service haj definitely re fused to stand tor any place whatever during the nest elections. There is a report that Mr W. C, Clarke, of Sunbury, will soon receive a requisition from tbe West Bnurke electors to came forward, and that it is his intention to do so. It is also said that Hr Henry Joseph, lace asaayer at Sandhurst, is about to enter tbe lists for Manduranj, in the frte trade interest." Wallis, tbe timber merchant, lately arrested for forgery, has filed his schedule. It is Baid that a large number of charges will be preferred against him. The Colonial Bank entirely exonerates Mr Wardiop from any blame. The board for considering claims for rewards and premiums for new manufactures and industries, in accordance with the regulations submitted to Par liament on the 12th of July last, met at the Custom House on Tuesday, to take into consideration the claims of sixty-two applicants for rewards. All the claims for tobacco were at once rejected under the Becond clause which is very stringent. Several other applications were also rejected, and the board considered the remaining claims without coming to any definite conclusion. John Morris and Henry Sharp were brought up at the City Police Court, Melbourne, on Tuesday, on remand, the latter charged ivith stealing a num ber of chests of tea from Beckwith's Bond in Flin ders lane, and the former with feloniously receiving. They were both committed for trial. John Suther land, Robert Alchin and John Elsington alias Cleary were brought up on remand to answer the charge of burglary. The prisoners were all com mitted for trial. Tbe Scotch College speccli day was duly honored on Tuesday at St. George's Hall, before the Governor and a large concourse ot the boys' parents and friends, mothers and sisters, anxious as to the auccess of their darlings, were greatly predominant. After the opening prayer a number of recitations took place, among the buss of which was Mary's Ghost (T. Hood), executed by Moore; Bstb Gelert, by Thompson-, and HooA's Bridge of Sighs, byGoodhead. Mr Alex. Morrison then read the report, which stated that during the last three years tbe only candi dates who had passed the matiiculation examination of tbe Melbourne University in nine subjects bad been pupils of the Scotch College; also, that sis boys who went up for the November examination had al' passed. Butler in nine subjects, Wilson and Wilkie in eight, Curtain in Beven, and Pinnock Colles, in six. At the conclusion of tbeleport, bis Excellency pro ceeded to distribute the prizes. The Mayor of Mel bourne moved a vote of thanks to the Governor, which was seconded by Mr Charles Williams. His Excellency made a few brief remarks, in which he Btated that with regard to the University examina tion, although the standard fixed was very bigh in deed, he had no wish to see it lowered, as those who passed such examination would be looked-upon as possessing the greatest literary attainments. The boys then sung "Kule Britannia," a benediction was pronounced by tbe Rev. the Moderator and the pro 13edings closed. - 