:;' DOCTOR HOLFORD'S PATIENT. ' [FROM ONCE A WEEK.] ,''??? : ; : We had been great chums at college, John Baring; and I, and. having.both. eaten pur terms at the Teni-; pie,, we continued fast friends, inhabited the same; chambers,, and waited, together, with as much pa- j tiehoe as might be, for briefs: Briefs, however,' were so long in coming that we had a great deal of ; spare time on our hands, and we used to run down! of ten into the country for a breath of fresh' air, and! to look up old friends and acquaintances . On one I of these' occasions I took' John'down into my own: country, Suffolk, on a visit to my father. He was! glad enough to come, for if the truth must be told, ; a. pretty sister of mine had made a deep impression! on his susceptible heart during the season in Lon don. We had a merry time of it. The birds were : plentiful, and several balls and parties were given1 in the neighborhood, at which John and Emily en- : joyed themselves, I have reason to believe, to their hearts' content. A very good fellow is John. Ban rig, and I shall not object to him as a brother in-law some day, if -but I must suy no more on this subject, lest this paper should meet the governor's eye. Among the neighbors whom we visited together was Dr.' Holford, another old crony of mine ic college days, now an M.D. prac tising in a country town a few miles from my; home.' ?',??'? . ?' .. ' ''??'?? ?' '????; ''. '' ! 'What a pretty woman Mrs Holford is 1' said John to me, as we lighted our cigars outside the doctor's door one night, previous to starting on our: walk home after a dinner Bartv. ' And -cut; t.hAr«'n something uncanny in her look too,' he continued. 'I can't make it out. Is she. wicked, I wonder ; or; has she a bee in her bonnet ?' ' She's as goad as she's pretty,' I rejoined warmly ; for Mrs Holford was a', great friend' of miao, and' I did hot like John's criticisms. \- 'My dear fellow, I daresay she may be, but you won't make me believe yon don't see what I mean. She has lovely eyes' — Jobn was a bit of au artist— 'but there is a queer look that comes ; into them now and then— looks as if she had seen a ? ghost once, and never, got over it.' : ' Perhaps she' did,' I said, a little stiffly. : John stopped, and stared at me. ' I declare you know all about it, old boy J« Here's a lark I A genuine ghost story in real life, truth vouched for by the gho3t himself; eh ?' ' 'Well, not quite that,' I answered, laughing ; ' but there is a story about Mrs Holford that may account for the look you noticed. You certainly mistook your vocation. You should offer your ser vices to the spirit-rappers,. if you have such a knack of reading people's faces.' 'I always' knew my talents were thrown away,' remarked John in an aside. ' ' However,' I continued, ?' there's no seoret in this case, that I know of, so you shall hear the story if you care about it.' ; ' All right,' said John, puffing out a cloud of smoke, 'Fire away,. Dick; I'm prepared to be lieve in any number of ghosts after that woman's eyes.' ' It's too long to tell now,' I said, ' but if you like — I jotted it down in the shape of a story at the time, — when wo get home I'll give it you to read.' Accordingly, before going to bed, I added a few lines to my old MS. for John's benefit, and handed it to him, and, if he read it at all— of which I have my suspicions, judging from the total obli vion of it which he showed when; sitting by Emily at breakfast next morning— he read as follows :— 'But what on earth am I to do?' asked the aqcior, in a lone nan numorous, nail sad, : as he 'walked up the High^street with his friend Mr Bailey. ' If I warn her she won't stay with me a week; I've lost two gover nesses already by listening to your advice.' ' Well,' doubtfully rejoined Mr Bailey, 'perhaps you are right. He may be safe enough, after all; ;but a silly girl she must be !' ' On the contrary,' interrupted the dbotor, warmly, ' she's a treasure ! As' like her poor father as can be; full of good sense and right feeling. I can't think what pos Isesses her not to let that unfortunate man alone, and I can't warn : her. 'Nobody has managed, my 'poor brata the least like her since-^— ' and the 'doctor coughed away a sigh. A somewhat whimsical expression passed over his friend's face. Dr. Holford had lost his wife six months before, and had been in a peck of troubles ever since about his three children, the youngest an infant of six months old; The doctor knew no more of the details of house hold economy than his babyj and it had become evi dent to all his friends that he could not exist long without a wife ; but whom should'he marry ? that was the question. To complicate matters, Dr. Hol ford was obliged to eke out the profits of a not very remunerative practice by receiving a patient at his own house, and rich patients were not always easy to find. At the' time we write of he had just received as an inmate a soi-disani nervous invalid, Walter Stone by name, whom, he watched ^with 'singular carefulnesss, for in his secrSt soul the doctor knew the man was insane, and although in truth he believed him to be perfectly harmless, yet he daily expected some mad freak or folly to appear. None had as yet, and all things had gone smoothly for two or three weeks, when, according to the usual malignity of circumstances, a most incon venient and aggravating interest in Walter. Stone began to appear in the conduct of Miss Stuart, the children's governess. It is true that Mr Stone was a handsome young man, with a manner in which none but a professional eye could detect any taint of madness, but that made it all the more alarming; and feeling himself as yet not thoroughly acquainted with the state of his patient's mind, tho doctor was on tenterhooks. As he said, he dared give no se rious warning; A nervous patient might be all .very well, but no governess would stay with a live lunatic loose about the* house. So Dr. Hol ford was fain to let matters take their course, trust ing to the chapter of accidents, and to Miss Stuart's good sense to set her right in time. After all, he thought, there could be no great risk. Walter Stone had come to him with an excellent character for quietness, and might, for all ho knew, be curable. So he ' determined to hold his tongue, and hope that no bad consequences would ensue. What did ensue we shall presently see. A day or two after his conversation with Mr Bailey, the doctor happened to look out from his surgery window on the little plot of ground at tho back of his house, which he was pleased to dignify with tho name of a garden. Dr. Holford worked in it a good deal himself, and took great interest in the one or two flower beds, and the border rioh with bright colors, in tho arrangement of which ho fluttered, iriiaaolf. Sir Joseph Puxtou could not hold a candle to, him; * The air was scented with the breath of lilacs and hyacinth^ and the perfume of two gnarled old hawthorns, covered, one with white, and , the other .with pink blossom, that stood on; the grass- plot by the side of the path, and that' werethe pride of the doctor's heart. That garden was a kingdom ior Dees and butterflies, and they hummed' : and danoed merrily in the sunshine. On this peculiar May afternoon, a fresh little human .flower moved quickly to and fro among the butterflies, clad in a soft grey stuff gown, with pink ribbons at the throat arid wrist. It was the, young governess, Lizzie Stuart. She was a pretty girl*of about twenty, with large grey eyes and fair shiny hair. A sprig of pink may; was stuck in the . waistband that girded a small round waist, , and they were very, little feet that tapped impatiently upon the gravel walk. The doctor . could not help watching her from the window as he smoked his pipe; she made such a- pretty foreground to his favorite flowers as she went and came under the hawthorns. Presently a young man came out and walked across the grass-plat towards her. Shemet him with an out stretched hand, and they strolled along the path together. 'It was perfectly natural that they, should do so, and the doctor ought to have been glad that his patient should be subjected to such soothing influences, but ' somehow ,'he sighed, a little as he . saw how earnestly '. they ^were talking, her face bent up to him, and his bent down to her. Certainly Lizzie did not seem afraid of Walter Stone. /The doctor put his pipe ia the corner with another sigh, and went upstairs to dress for, dinner. The pair in the. garden did not remain long together. Walter Stone sauntered back info the house, and Lizzie went on walking up and down the short gravel walk. For fear of mistake, we had better let the reader into a secret at onoe. Almost from the first moment, three months ago, when Dr. Holford had done her .the immense honor of confiding to her care his mother less children, Lizzie Stuart's tender little heart had been in the doctor's keeping. Indeed, she had loved him all her life, as her father's friend and her own ; but of late what . was : it that made Lizzie bluah, all to herself, in the solitude of. her own room, when she thought of the gratitude and affection she owed to the doctor? Ah ! what a wealth of pity and devotion she poured out upon him in secret, and what romantic castles were built up in that graceful little head of hers, as she sat of an evening looking out upon the hawthorns; of the wonderful ; ways in which she , was to /be a help and a comfort to him, without his knowing who had done the work ! But though her love waa an ' open secret,' there was no one to find it out, except, indeed, the doctor himself, the last man on whom the idea was likely- to dawn, and it is doubtful if even Lizzie ; had . more than ; an inkling of the truth. If she had, she guarded her secret jealously, and only let it appear in a most tender and zealous performance of her duty towards] his children, as to which the doctor said no wordsj but thanked and blessed her in his heart. But within the last fortnight it' had occurred to this young woman to set herself up in judgmeut upon 'the doctor's conduct, and after mature deliberation, she had come to the conclusion that he had either made a great mistake or was doing very wrong^ The idea troubled her sorely. Miss Lizzie was a young, lady who rather piqued herself upon the pos session of an independent judgment, and paid the youthful penalty, of course, by sometimes too much 'undervaluing the, experience of her -seniors. 'Her early training had perhaps encouraged this state of mind ; for her father, dear as she had been to him, had not been able to steer altogether clear of that wretched system of ' spoiling till five, trying expe-; ments till fifteen, ; and contradicting up to twenty.' ? Besides all this, Miss, Lizzie had: lately been studying Dr. Winslow's ' Obscure Diseases,' that most popular of scientific works, and had rebelled, against the theories '? therein propounded with all her heart. ' Very Hard GaBh' had fallen in her way immediately afterwards, and she had glowed with sympathy for Alfred's wrongs and Julia's love, and for all the supposed victims detained in a thousand lunatic asylums;by' commissioners in lunacy like those desoribed by Mr Read. And now Walter Stone had crossed, her. path, and lo 1 her dreams were realised1. He waa pleasant,* handsome, and as gentle as Alfred; and more man au, ne ima appealed.- to nor compassion, and poured, into her ear a piteous story of the un natural brother, who, for the sake of obtaining the management of his, Walter's, property, had con demned' him to lifelong , captivity. Lizzie knew, as a fact that his ? brother had consigned him to Dr. Holford's charge, and that in spite of all' his apparent liberty, he was narrowly watched;; in itself a suspicious circumstance, considering that nervous ailments only were the plea for his incar« cerdtion. She bad even heard Dr. Holford chuoklo over the story of the way in which he and Edward Stone had managed. to entrap Walter into volun tarily giving his purse into their care, so as to, render his escape, by train, or other conveyance,t impossible. And this was a sane man!, Lizzie's brain took fire at the thought. To dispose of the certificate of lunacy was the work, of «, moment ; were they not all— those mad dootorsr and Dr. Wirslow in particular— ready to, sw.ear to any man's insanity at, a moment's notice?. And then Walter had told her that he had himself given opportunity to his enemies in some momeuts^ of excitement consequent on the loss of money.,. But, the dootor ? there was the rub. Couldl it be possible that Dr. Holford, the upright and honoruble, had deliberately lent himself to this, vile plot ? Even Lizzie's excited imagination could, not lead her to believe that. No, the man was not mad; that was certain ; ' but the dootor had been deceived ; his keen eye had been blinded by Walter Stone's perfidious friends, who, though they had cautiously avoided committing them selves by speaking of more than ',' nerves,' had so cunningly worded' their artful testimony that the doctor had jumped to the conclusion, without muoh personal observation, that Walter must be insane. That could not be a fault— at least— well, hardly, or if it were, she, Lizzie Stuart, would unde ceive him, and enable him to make atonement. And then she went off into a day-dream, and was just in the middle of a speech from the doctor, expressive of his deep graditude to her for haying, by her woman's keen-sightednesB' and quick judgment, disabused him of the idea under which he had been laboring, &o.;, &c;, when she looked up, and behold the moon had risen, and was already fighting up tho top branches of the haw thorns. She turned into tho house, fully resolved to speak seriously to the doctor the vory next morn ing. The moon was high in the heavena when Lizzie Stuart went that evening, as' her custom was, to sit. in the nursery while nurse went down to her supper. At these times Lizzie always sat in a par ticular chair' by the window; Nurse's white curtained .bed stood in a recess at the back, of the room ; a little to one side; but facing the fire — still necessary, at night— was the baby's bassinet, of whioh little but .the hood was to be seen from where. Lizzie ; sat. The other two children slept in what, was, in fact, an adjoining room, though : the door of communication had Jong. been. re- moved, 'to make the two nurseries ..m far as possible into one. There was no light in the room bat the moonshine and the glimmer of . the fire ; Lizzie leant back in her', chair and .resumed her day-dream. By-and-by a low knock came at the door. ' Come in,' said Lizzie, wondering that nurse should have made such haste at her supper. The door opened softly, and Walter Stone put his head into the room; , '.'I want to speak to you,' I; want to speak to you,'? he whispered, excitedly; ' you must. let. me come in ;. it is . most import ant.' There was something queer about his man ner, but Lizzie, strong- in her conviction, was in no wise frightened. Besides, he had talked to her that day of escape, and she longed to repeat the arguments she had used against any such scheme, for its success would be fatal to the doctor's credit. While she hesitated, he stole silently up to her, closing the door behind him. No other man living would Lizzie have allowed to. : remain there,; but her sympathy for Walter Stone was deep and strong, all the more.. strong from her love for the man who was doing him such unwitting injury. How grieved the doctor will be to-morrow! she thought, and she let Walter stay. He sat dawn by her side, and remained silent. After a minute or two the stillness grew oppressive, and she opened her mouth to speak. As she did so, she looked in his face, ghastly in the moonlight. Ah ! how awful was the change there ! His pleasant careless look had. disappeared, and in its stead was ? a- dreadful, expression .of fixed malignity, of insane cunning and rage; the giare of a maniac's eye caught and fixed hers' as she looked. Horror stricken she drew back, but he bent forward, and said in a hissing ? whisper, 'I've some thing to show you. I've locked the door, and we can't be interrupted, no, no. Look here!' and he drew from his pocket an ordinary dinner knife, on which the moonbeams glittered hideously. ' Beautiful, isn't it ?' he mut tered, as he stroked and seemed to fondle it, turn ing it from side to side. ' True steel— the real thing ! Not for you, though, not for you ; ' for those little devils that cling round, and prevent. your coming with me. I'll set you free, I'll ? ' and he lapsed into inarticulate murmurs, still strok ing the knife. Never, in all her life, did Lizzie Stuart forget -the sensutions of that moment ; they come back to her often in droams, even ribw. She did not lose consciousness, but she could not move ; her.heart, seemed to stand still, and her brain to reel.- 'The youngest, first,' he whispered at foat ; and, leaving her suddenly, he darted towards the hearth. For one second, the knife gleamed brightly in the moonlight as he brandished it aloft, the next he had plunged it deep into the bassinet. Oh God, there was no cry ! A wild shriek rose to Lizzie's lips'. ? Repressing it with a violent effort, she collected her senses and walked to his side.. I must kill the others, myself,' she said, with an un faltering voice; .' let me do it ; they would not be quiet otherwise.' The maniac turned towards her a horrible face of triumph. ' You're one of the right sort : ' he exclaimed enthusiastically. ' The young May moon isbeaming.love.. The glowworm's lamp is gleaming, love. How sweet to rove — No, that's not . it— So she kilted her gown o' green satin,' and tuokit it up to her knee— Lizzie Lindsay— that's you— :Lord Ronald Clan Donald— that's me. Won't we be happy ? Now then ?' ' Yes, I am going,' shesaidK8till.speakiBg calmly; 'waithore 'till I come back.' He stooped to draw the knife, out of the bassinet. ' No, don't do that,' she- whispered,' forcing herself to lay her hand upon his arm, and turning away her eyes, lest the sight that, might, meet them should unnerve her, ' I have a fanoy for doing it differently.' He stood upright again, and motioned her to go, and only as she moved to where the other children slept, she re membered with sick horror that there was no door between the rooms. Despair gave her courage, she' quiokened her pace ; he did not follow her— there was .a moment's respite. ' Softly and rapidly she threw a coverlet over the two fair sleeping heads, then she flew to the bell. A violent pull — another — and the bell-rope broke in her hand. Would anyone come ? The madman heard the twang of the wires, und suspected treachery. He sprang towards the room, but Lizzie was too quick for him. She stood in the doorway, with dilated eye and upraised hand. ' Walter Stone, go back,' she commanded in a solemn voice. ' It is all done. I fox bid you to enter here.' For a moment thelunatio cowered be fore her, awed by the light in those gleaming eyes, then he sprang at her throat like a wild beast. An instant's struggle, an instant's agony .like unto death, and with a mighty crash the door burst open, and Dr. Holford, with the exertion of his whole strength, dragged the madman from the ohoking girl. To hold him singly was impossible. He broke from the, doctor's grasp, threw up the window, and with a loud laugh, leapt into the garden below, where the dull thud of his fall was hoard just as the assistant, whose carelessness had permitted him to secrete the knife, appeared upon the scene. ' Go down, go down,' cried the dootor, pointing to the window. The assistant looked out and hurriedly disappeared,. and tho dootor gave all his attention to Lizzie. She had. not fainted ; she could not do so ; not at all events with the droadfnlnews|untold, but she was gasping for breath. The doctor bent over her. ' Lizzie, doar Lizzie, look up. I see how it wus. You wero defending my children. You have savod their lives. Try to look up, and tell me you are not hurt.' Bat Lizzie shrank from tho tender words, and cowered miserably in her chair. She strove to compel her parched tongue to spenk, and tell him that by her folly she had caused the death of his baby, but a hissing gurgle came instead of words, and ended in an hysteric shriek'. Tho servants and nurse among them, had come orowding in by this time, and a loud exclamation from the lattor startled them all. ' Gracious powers what is . this ?' and she drew forth the knife from tho bassinet, and held it up in view of the rest, its polished surface atill nndimined. ' Well, the Lord bo praised for his mercy ! it were his providenoo, that it wero, that put it into my head all of a sudden to-day, that baby were a growing too big for a bassinet, 'and I put her in the old cot by my bedside, and drawed *ay our tains round her, nncl there eho is, the precious lamb, . awake and a' smiling at ua all, as good as sugar.' Lizzie heard the words, or rather some dim idea of their, meaning penetrated to her brain, but the relief was too sudden to be realised at once.- She undej stood that confession was not ...needful, but remorse was as bitter: as ever. She stood up and held out her hands implor ingly. ' Can — you— for— give ?' she . whispered piteou8ly,and fell forward in a dead faint upon the ?doctor's. shoulder. For many, , many. months, Dr. Holford tended Lizzie through, the nervous fever that followed upon her swoon. At onetime he almost ^despaired of her recovery, but youth and a sound iconstitution conquered, and she rose at last from her ;sick bed, the shadow of what she had been. The idoctor; pronounced change of air and scene to be ab solutely necessary during her convalescence, and simultaneously discovered that he had been .working ?toohard, and required a holiday and a month or two abroad. Rumor states that he imparted these con clusions to. Lizzie Stuart; and.made sundry , other iconfidences.to her. during one very long and earnest conversation which they had, walking slowly up and down, her feeble steps tenderly supported by his farm, under the old hawthorns, brilliant by this time with autumn berries. ? ? ? You have seen Mrs Holford. Do you'wonddr nbw at the strange look in her eyes ? Walter Stone fractured his skull in his fall. He was insensible for many days, but at length consciousness returned, and those who watched around his bed thanked God to see that all traces of insanity had , disappeared. , They lobkedforward hopefully to the future, hut his career on earth was ended. He sank gradually, and died iin |a few weeks. He lived long enough to be deeply, thankful to have been spared from the guilt of the awful crime he had so nearly committed, and to send, through Doctor Holford, a message of gratitude and blessing to the woman, who, by her self-command and courage, had saved him from going to the grave with blood-stained hands. 