MEAT SUPPLIES, PRESENT AND PROSPECTIVE. (FKOK TUB ECONOMIST, JAB. 21.) The high price and comparative scarcity of meat are toplce of nn'.versal interest, from the householder, who feels the pinch on his pecu niary resources, to the Cabinet Minister, who feels cot altogether easy as to possible pressure on the resources of the country. We regard the modern rise in the prioe of meat, not only without apprehension, bnt as one of the means by wbich British husbandry will by and-bye come to take its proper place in the various Industries of the nation. Meat is dear because the labouring classes are earn ing good and constant wages, and they ex pend a considerable portion of each wages in better food than they formerly bought, thus creating a largely increased and effective demand for meat. And with this in creased demand for meat there has been no equivalent increase In the supply. We find in society and in the press seme surprise expressed that an effective demand baa not prodnoed a more adequate supply, and eome not always complimentary allusions are made to the unreadiness of farmers In meeting the Increased demand. Bat such remarks only prove how very little knowledge of the state and operations of English agriculture exists in the mind of the non-agricultural public. We have no public statistics which enable as to judge with any precision the nnmbers of live stock in this country now and at any antecedent pariod. But the careful statistics of live ana dead meat for consumption in the metropolis which Mr. Bobert Herbert from time to time furnishes to the 1teyal Agricultural Society'i Journal, ana Otter publications, may serve I! proximate gaidee to reliable eetlmatee of tbe effect of our urgent demand on the supplies of meat. In his paper, Tead before the British Asso ciation last autumn, Mr. Herbert estimates tbe number of beasts in the different agricul tural districts of England at4,700,000, and of cheep at 82,000,000; and these numbers are said to indloate little If any increase during the last twenty years. But admitting the etandibg stock hot to be increased durlog that time, it trill be found that larger sup plies have prooeeded from that nnmber In f wo ways— first, the sice and quality of the animals are superior, snd they are earlier meture, are sold fat srheu younger than for merly. Thus, a farmer with a herd of twenty cows, or a flock of 200 owes, now sending his fat steers to market at two or two and a-half years old, and his fat sheep at Bom fourteen to eighteen months old. will furnish more meat year by year than the farmer of yore, whose steers were kept till four years old, and bis sheep till two years old and upwards, before they wont to the meat market. And this we believe to have been the main source of such Increased sup plies of meat as we have obtained during tho last twenty years. What is now wanted Is an Incresse in the numbers of live stock on English farms. Of lste yean imports of live stock have in creased. Thus, in 1863, 126,263 boasts, and 280,1037 sbeeu and lambs were Imported; while, in 1663, the imported brasts had In creased to 160806, ana sheep and lambs to 430,788, This it PC great Increase for ten years, during the whole of which .our market has offered the Inducement of high Oilcea. It must be noted, also, that the foreign stock, both In condition and quality, are much inferior to the English. Neither do we look for any great improvement in foreign stock, or any Important increase of their nomben, for stock Improvement is a work of time, and the cffmate of the con tinent of Europe—hot in summer and severely coif) In winter—presents .obstacles to stock j breeding and feeding not easily to be over come. Even in this eonntry, where there ate so many advantages for stock-keeping; there an rerious difficulties in the way of a general Increase. The first increase must, of coarse, consist of breeding stock, which ought to be kept on many farms where only feeding stock have hitherto been kept, or where there has heretofore been little etock of any kind. This at once involves a considerable outlay of capital In addition to that already employed. Corn and ewee must be bought, and kept for, say. a year before they produce young, and such yotwgvouat ha reared and. well, fed— as to cattle, for twoorfhrfeeyearil^rtul'at to sheep, from eta nar fa eighteen Hhonths, before they Nn bettflied; Info: money. idrid then, to enable this extra stock to te kept, additional provision for them must be made, in the shape of green and root crops, by cut ting hay and straw Into chaff, nntnina the roots, and perhaps by purchasing some small quantity of extra food, sucb as Iinseod cake, all involving outlay, and deferred though cer tainly giester returns. Then additional buildings are almost universally needed, in order that mere breeding etock may bs kept with advantage, inquiring an outlay by the landlord, which be is usually very loth to make. But the fBimere already oomplainthat they have no Fccurity for the capital they at pre sent employ, that they are yearly tenants, that they are ovenun with game and game watchers, and In many CBses they require their land to be drained and extra buildings put up before they can hope to breed Btock profitably. We need scarcely suggest to the rcBder, especially if he has any practical knowledge of English agriculture, what an amount of obstacle to be overoome is here indicated. Aod he will experience very little difficulty In understanding why even the actual pricea of meat and wool fail to provide the consuming public with that extra supply of meat the exigencies of oar society de mand. SiKCDLAn Discovbet.—A curious discovery has been brought under the notice of the public at the Polytechnic Institution. Pro fessor Pepper prophesies that medical re sults of the highest Importance will follow from it. Bat, however this may he, there can be no doubt that It will receive the attention of the faculty of medicine, and become the subject of experiment in our hospitals and infirmaries. It occurred to a scientific gentleman—I am sorry to have to confess that I forget his name—to examine with the microscope the impression left on a piece of glass by the breathings of a num ber of persons; he found that different figures or impressions were made by different breaths. He repeated the experiment, with similar results. This induced him to make drawings of the impressions, which drawings he submitted to Professor Pepper; and the professor, ever enthusiastic in the course of scientific discovery, has had the drawings copied opon glass, and now exhibits them, through the medium of the magic lantern, to the crowds who visit the Polytechnic. I have seen them; and I can assure your readers that tbey are extremely interesting in a physiological point of view, and very curious even as matter of cursory observa tion. One of tbem presents tbe appearance of a view in a kaleidescopa. On tbe magni- 1 fied disc presented to tbe spectators there appear an almost infinite variety of shapes and combinations—some like daggers, others resembling stars, others in flower-like form, he. These represent the breathings of dif ferent individuals. Professor Pepper is of opfniou that in cases of phthisis (consump tion) and other pulmonary complaints, ob servations on the character of the forms in which the breath is deposited on a glass or other surface after emission from the lungs will be most valuable. Certainly, it would dj an extraordinaray discovery that a diagnosis on the state of one's lungs might be given from a microscopical obseivaiion of the par ticular form assumed by tbe breath, as deposited on a sheet cf glass, on emission from the mouth of the patient. As I have named the Polytechnic and Professor Pepper, I may as well -take this opportunity of men tioning tbe marvellously effective manner in which the Faiiy Tales of the Brothers Grimm are every day Rostrated at that institution. Tbe fairies aie produced b| the same optical appliances as those by which tbe professor summons ghosts; and tbe effects are really surprising. — London correspondent of the Liverpool Albion, Jan.23. Ages or the Nomutt, &c.;—It appears from IFAoV Who in 1865, that the oldest duke is tbe Duke of Northumberland, aged 72; the youngest, the Duke of Norfolk, aged 17; the oldest marquis, the Marquis of Westmeath, aged 79; the youngest, the Marquis of Ely, aged 15; the oldest earl, the Earl of Beverley, aged 86; the youngest, the Earl of Charleville, aged 12; the oldest viscount, Visoount Com bermere, aged 91; the youngest. Viscount Downe, aged 20; the oldest baron is Laid Brougham, aged 86; the youngest, Lord Rodney, aged 7; the oldest member of tbe Privy Cionncll is Viscount Combermere, aged 91; the youngest, the Prince of Wales, aged 23; tbe oldest member of the House of Com mons is General the Hon. Sir Hugh Arbsth not, member for Kincardineshire, aged 85; the youngest the Hon. C. It D. H. Tracy, member for Montgomeryshire, aged 24: the oldest judge in England is the Right Hon. Stephen Lnshineton, aged 82; the youngest Sir James P. Wilde, aged 48; the oldest judge iu Ireland is Chief Justice Lefroy. aged 88; the younge?t, Justice Koogh, aged 47; the oldest Scotch Lord of Session is the Right Hon. Duncan M'Neilt Lord Justice General, aged 71; tbe youngest tha Right lion. John Iogils, Lord Justice Clerk, aged 64: the oldest archbishop is the Archbishop of Canterbury, aged 70; the youngest the Archbishop of York, aged 45; the oldest bishop is the Bishop of Exeter, aged 87; the youngest, the Bishop of Gloucester and Bris tol, aged 4-5; the oldest co'onlal bishop is the Bishop of Toronto, aged 85; the youngest, the Bishop of Nassau, aged 38 ; the oldest baronet is 8ir Thomas Staples, aged 89; the youngest Sir George R. Silwell, aged 4; tbe oldest civil or military knight is General Sir A. B, Clifton, aged 92; the youngest, 6ir Charles T. Bright aged 32. The Venetian Question.-The General Correspondence, a semi-official purer, published at Vienna, contains tbe following corre spondence, dated Turin, January 1" I am cnalrhd to give you, from undoubted autho rity, tire following Information respecting the intentions and the plans of the Government at Turin against Austria. A meeting was dn Id the other day at Genoa of all the leaders of the party who are anxious to come to an hnderstanding with the G ovemment to attack Austria, and stir up. a revolution in Veneris. This meeting was attended by many eminent men of the Hungarian and Polish emigration, as alio by Alberto Oavaletto, one of the former leadersof tbe YoneUtn emigration. The general attitude to be observed towards Austria , was first discussed, and tben what steps sbonld be token as regards the party of action, who vehemently demand that Veneris shall be attacked at all price. I am informed that the reeolatloDa adopted ate in substance as ' followsTbat-ik was desirable to prevent by every possime means any gooa uaueniaiia iDg between tbe Governmeut and Hungary, arid that emimaries for that purpoae should be cent into Hungary and Gallcia. It was also resolved that, as soon as possible, a revolu tionary enterprise should be nudertairen against Austria, and to give it a better chanoe ot success, it was proposed to operate simul taneously on tbe opposite coast of the Adriatic. The party of action was to be allowed to oarty out its views, especially as regards tbe intro duction of arms into Veneris. M. Alberto Cavaletto bss already left, and It appears that bis mission is t > prepare a sort of agree ment wltb theeo called men of action. We do not believe that either tbe Government or the plotters imagine that they will gain VcDetia by three means; for the present their Intention is not to provoke serious com pUcstions and warlike eventualities against Austria, but only to occupy the Austrian Go vernment by oontlnsal embarrassments, to enable them to oarty' but' their operations at come later penoa. A Fahilt Hoaxid.—A most extraordi nary swindle Las been perpetrated at Abai dovey, near Barmouth. A woman living at this place entered a draper's shop be longing to Mr. Jones, and delivered a message to the eon, to the effect that hta elder brother had returned home from Aus tralia, and was then waiting to see him In a shop round the comer. The lad at onoe went, and wee warmly embraced by his newly-fonnd brother, who accompanied him heme, where, on seeing his mother, he was oveioome by his emotion, and fell hack Into a chair, faint, He toon, however, recovered, ' sod *11 overwhelmed by kind attention* bot Sot being disputed to be tooonnioiiln, bis friends refrained from questioning him concerning bis travels. The arrival of • eleter, who foiled to recognlre her returned brother, carreer! some alight mirglvings on the rcore of bie Identity; end on examining hi* arms, which In tbeceee of the sailor brother had been tattooed, no each marks were fonnd. Gradually, the family awakened to the hoax that had been pinotued npon them, aod the ewlndler wae given into oostody. Some money which he had borrowed from hie new relatives was repaid by the prisoner; but the clothes which be had' obtained by false representations were still unpaid for. The anger expressed by this family in baring thus been easily duped may be well ima gined. The prisoner has been committed ' for trial. National Scottish Mebobial.—Ataonggt the designs submitted is a joint work by Mr. Joseph Durham, scalptor, end Mr. J.Bobtason,, architect, and which la proposed to be placed on "Arthur's Seat" The principal feature ' is a monolithic obelisk of grey granite, neatly sixty fret high, in front of which stands a oo loEsal statue of the Trlnco Consort, to he in bronze. The obelisk aud statue are erected upon an elaborately-wrought basement of red granite, at the angles of which are seated four winged angels, nine feet high, bearing flight of s(tp« with pedestals it each comeT giving the lower portion of the design an octagonal fornj. Upon these pedestals are Inns so composed as to have the effect of guarding the whole stinctore. The dt ngneis have been influenced in adopting (Lis form of design, firefly, by the belief that lis connast with nil objects around Would ever tuuke it more conspicuous than any other, remaining distinct from the surround ing scenery ; and, secondly, by the knowledge Ol the desire the Prince Consoit himself had that a lofty monolithic obelisk shonld be , erected.- Guilder. w _ Death oriia. James William Wallace.— This favourite and esteemed veteran English "ctor-a contemporary of Edmund Kean and hills toil—died at New York on Christmaa day, eged sirfy-nine, having been bom is London in 1(85, He made his first appear ance m America at the Park Theatre, Now \ork, in J 818, and his great aneceBS and popularity with the playgoing paWic of that city induced him to divide his time thenoe i° rVLS?f,,een Erg'and and the United States. In 1836 be opened the National Theatre, New a oik, and remained manager of it nntU it waa destroyed by fite in 1839; He then returned to r-ngiaDd and played for some time at the PjiEcese's Theatre. In 1851 he onoe more crossed the Atlantic* with the Intention of residing permanently in America.- As man ager of the theatre in New York which basts bis name he baa sustained the high reputa tion be brought from England at a pic turesque, versatile, aud accomplished dra matic artist, while in private life he was universally esteemed. The New York papers record bis decease with strong expressions of sympathy and regret. Iu the parts of Don ta*ar de Bazan and the Brigand, and some other characters of what the French call Mr. Wallack has had no f accessor on lhe Eoglish fitaga—Doily Kftcs, Jan. 10. Clyde Steamers and the Blockade.—The extraordinary briskness in the shipbuilding trade of the Clyde during the past three years ? ? '»/ge extent, to he attributed to the blockade of the Southern American ports. the following figures will show the results:— 1S62 lfcliS lfcW 1 c' . -• 1 £ Tons. 1 c 1 11 gf* *1 28 ' E0 16,000 i 9 10 12,770 : G 16 29,9^0 8 , 13 21 11 111 60,690 23 1 48 20 11 As to the cost of this vast fleet, taking the _^'b,000 for each steamer—as high as £&jX;)0 being paid for some of those of the Dp™ Cjydo class—the total sum expended at the Ciydefor these blockade runners would be about £1,700,000. A Ms. J. Dick, a Pittsburg lawyer, has been expelled the bar, after a long judicial examination, for malpractices, which are set forth m a Pittshnrg paper. Among other things, he Was charged with having been connected with a panorama, at which valuable gifts were to be distributed to the andience by lot at the close of the entertainment. It is charged that he managed so as that the sliver fruft baskets and gold watches should be given to hired confidential agents, who secretly returned them. He was also charged that be cheated his own clients, and even coDcoctf d a plan to make opposing connseia too drunk to attend a esse, in order to get a snap judgment. Fbniawsh IB Ibelaot.—At the Skibbe green petty session .in Jannary, informations were granted against seven persona who were prosecuted for burning the Bev. Mr. Collins in effigy. Several witnesses deposed to hav ing seen the "dummy," which was dressed up ridiculously, with spectacles, carried about on a stick, kicked, and at last set on fire by the mob, amid such exclamations as "Let fbe man with the four eyes take that .'" and To —— with,informers!" The rev. gentle man, it mil be remembered, had rendered himself obnoxious by denouncing the Fe nians, and he was also accused, though untruly, of having given information to the police which led to the arrest of a young man named Keane, whose father was one of the parlies now prosecuted. The parties were admitted to hail in £10 and two sure 5S. of £o each, which they found it somewhat difficult to procure. One of them was unable to get bail, and was sent to Cork gaol. This circumstance shows that the perpetrators of toe outrage belong to fhe very lowest class in, character, if not in social rank. Petbolecu in Calitobma. — The occur rence of fluid inflammable substances upon thecoast of Santa Barbara, in Southern. Cabfoimis, has been known since 1792; hot little importance has been attached to it until very recently, when the development of the oil region of Pennsylvania. has shown the_ immense value of the great natural re pesitoues of petroleum, and directed atten tion to other localities in which it is found. One of the most extraordinary of those re PPfcl,?TlS* to that near the coast of California, About 320 miles south from San Francisco Where the ureal indications of petroleum were so great that parties on learning the fact at onoe proceeded to make explorations. —Amman paper. A Fckeeae PaocEssioa. SsovvBatnEPT-A disgraceful scene occurred on the first Sun day in the new year, near Ohacewater. The funeral procession of a young man named bandow, in walking from Twelveheads to Lhacewater, was set upon by a gang of ruffians, and snowballed during the greater part of the route by a number of unknown, .men aud DoyB, tho nuts of the followers bolus knockoi off, and their clothing covered with snow. No policeman appeared to check the outrage, end the iunof toe snowballew reached Ito height as the procession entered the church yard. tesqbecn.made fj°_ toe Edinburgh National Gallery in the ooott Drawings," a collection of fifty draw ings wqueathed to the gallery by the late Mr. John Scott, -well known in the art world as a part ner in the great bouse of Colnaghi and , , Amongst these drawings, which ana principally In chalk or black mad pencil, are specimens of Gainsboaough, Fiaxroan. Edwin Landseer, Preut Danby, David Roberta, Col and WUlai B^^ A cobeesfokdevx of an Invemesi con temporary says that the fishermen of Port mabomack are under toe impulsion that Admiral Fitzroy is the cause of aU the. violent storms that occur. " Otmfoond to ah «»■» FAkrorv heh just worse not 60n». Bbsag qf Taibat for he haa only to holA that pig bun o his to raise toe v ind 1" T AJ "godatlon, under the guldanoo of k"dt!LEmniaJ Owiilif, MrdyneijX. Pebtoffto?,. and oth«g.lg about, to Si?l2i!on J?f th®*otkl1 orphan girts, with a ww io service, of m** Weak Derbv Uoton. with toe full Wretatton of ABEssesiuBsa are U program at toe Im sosal uu c'" ?'^' *' 'he dls ^nndays a womoon '#>,<&> volamce, for the attend on^reekjfavr CRM<* • Tuu ie ■ romr^t **»>, In ooneeqoenoe of the mtobondnctof a member, whloh ihe gene* ial body refciee to ntone for. the Dominion expelled ftun Parle within lie . It ,1* eel/i that vaccination hat entirely fallpd In rje Pnnjaub In checking the lOOMge of etnall-'poz, which to now lagtas with aimoit bnhreqfjdented violence both at Umrttalr and Lehure. U. Alex. Di'mab, Jan., write* to the jonr nnla to oontradlct the etatement that hto hiide wiote Tor the ConitUuliotmtl onto the elgtwtwe of Peiroche#, 