ITEMS OF ENGLISH NEWS. Exaggerations op Class, Leadebs.?If this country were really in the hands of a governing class endowed with all the traditions of practical wisdom and secrets of power, we could not play into its hands more effectually than by fostering all the exaggerations on which, one by one, the leaders of the classes below rise, run wild, and exhaust. themselves. Nothing would be easier or more plausible, for those ex- aggeration are generally great truths, or high principles so exalted and glorified as to put out of sight. and consideration everything that should qualify them, and much even that is necessary to apply them with effect. "We shall not attempt to enumerate the melancholy list of causes which began as crusades and have ended in failure, for living examples are sufficient. The Times. - -" Russian Aggbsssion.?As there is no smoke without fire, so the wildest panic is generally founded on some small basis of fact. An owl in the corner of a barn or a cow looking over a hedge appears as the ghost of the departed to many a frightened villages, and some accidental word or deed of a neighbor is regarded by the suspicious as proof positive of settled malignity and ill- will. Just now a good old bugbear, which was regarded with real alarm some five and twenty years ago, is again brought to light. A cry of Russian aggression in the East is raised once more, and Russian arms and Russian intrigue are believed by some very worthy persons to be busy at work in a nefarious attempt to undermine our Indian Empire. Dr. Yainbory, the excellent service who renounced his name and nation, and for years contented himself with sandbanks in Turkestan in the pursuit of pure philology, has warned us of the risks we run, and now Calcutta has taken up the tale. The capital of British India, ordinarily so free from excitement, is disturbed with apprehension. The Russians have got Khokau, they are working mines at Budukhshan, they are making roads through Bokhara and Cabul, and, doing all this, what can they intend to do next except march into the Punjab? The Bengal Hurkaru is hot in its indignation against the wiles of the Northern Bear and our own correspondent, while leaving to statesmen in England the task of estimating the value of those apprehensions, declares that the probability of an invasion of Hindostan cannot be denied.? The Times. The NEWSPAPERS and the FotrjiTit' Com- mandment. At a meeting of the Free Church Synod of Glasgow and Ayr, hold at Glasgow on Tuesday, Dr. Gibson referred to Sabbath desecration in newspaper offices, and the assaults made by the press upon faithful ministers of the Gospel doing their duty in reference to the Fourth Commandment." He censured as dishonorable the conduct of the newspaper editor who had published the refusal by a Glasgow minister to admit a compositor to Church privileges because he wrought on a portion of Sunday. He acted dishonorably in publishing the kind and confidential dealing of a minister with one of his people, and he felt that there was something like a reign of terror being held over ministers in the discharge of their duty. He expressed his sorrow that there were ministers of the Gospel in Glasgow who on encouraged people to work on the Sabbath. There was an Edinburgh newspaper which was produced without the men being employed on Sunday, and he contended that proved the practicability of newspapers being got out on Monday without Sunday labor. Mr. Buchanan in speaking on the same subject, said that if they could convince him that a newspaper could not be got ready on Monday morning without committing sin, he would not take it. But the mere fact that in producing an article the producer chose to commit a sin in producing it did not involve him in sin in full use of it. Surely that was an obvious distinction. Sugar and cotton could and ought to be produced without slavery and without sin, and therefore he could use these productions God had given it to the earth to bring forth. He might use them lawfully, though those engaged in producing them produced them unlawfully. If the Saturday morning newspaper could be produced between Friday night and Saturday morning, what should hinder the Monday morning paper being produced between Saturday night and Monday morning ? He would like a definite answer to that question, Mr. W. C. Smith suggested that a printer compelled to work till nearly 12 o'clock on Saturday night and to resume again at midnight on Sunday, as in the case of the Edinburgh newspaper referred to, would run the risk of not really keeping the Lord's Day. This gave rise to many expressions of dissent from other members of the Synod. Mr. Bremner said that if it was found absolutely necessary that the men should stop at 12 on Saturday and begin at 12 on Sabbath night, it was a merciful thing for them that God had a Sabbath at all, that their exhausted energies might revive and be refreshed. This remark was much applauded The Times. CotoxiAii Defences. of ever we attempted to defend either Canada or New Brunswick, it would only be in the event of the colonists displaying so resolute and high-spirited a determination to defend their soil that we should feel bound in honor to support them, even at a great sacrifice. For the sale merely of maintaining our ultimate possession of the colonies it would be unnecessary, and probably very imprudent, to adopt such a course. In any case, such a system of defence must be for all the North British provinces together. If, in short, these colonies ever wish us to defend their whole soil, they must combine in a general organization and in mutual assistance. These unsatisfactory revelations could not come at a more opportune moment than when we are considering what course to take with regard to Canadian defence. It is plain that Canada is not the only colony which will think itself entitled in the event of, war to special and complete protection from all the consequences of invasion, and with the whole force of the empire. We must make up our minds, once for all, whether we will admit any such claim. If the Canadians think that because the empire would suffer in Canada we should be bound to defend it there, we should recommend the deputation which is about to come over here to take a few lessons in boxing. They would then learn that one of the first maxims of self-defence is not to put your hand wherever you are hit or expect to be hit, if the French invaded Ireland, and we thought we could better make them loose their hold by a counter invasion of France than by fighting a battle in Connemara, we should certainly never listen to such nonsense as that every man in Connaught had a right to a protection from the enemy, From the Peloponnesian war downwards, it has always been the hardest part of a General's duty to persuade his countrymen that the half is often more than the whole, and that even to abandon everything for the time may be the best means of regaining everything in the mind.. But it is a lesson which must be sooner or later learnt, put the House of Commons ought to have the courage, if necessary, to enforce it upon the colonies. The Times. The SATFnoivmw; Af meat the Central Criminal Court, on April 12, SeraCno Pelizzioni, who had been already found guilty of the murder of Michael Harrington, and afterwards pardoned, was again put on his trial for stabbing Rebbeck, the patina?) of the Golden Anchor, fjufff orbit, on the night of the fr$ disturb juice which has given riao_to._thceo trials and. produced one of the strangest complications ever known in the history of criminal juris- prudence;- The prisoner pleaded not guilty, and elected to be tried by a mixed jury. For this the court, owing to some unexplained reason, was unprepared. The prisoner again and again expressed his disinclination to be tried by an English jury, but ultimately yielded to the remonstrances addressed to him by a Mr. Negretti. The case for the prosecution was stated by Mr.' Giffard, and numerous witnesses, including Rebbeck himself (who swore positively and distinctly that the prisoner was the man who stabbed him), were called to prove the charge against the accused. The case had not concluded at the rising of the court On the following day the. trial was resumed. The principal feature of interest in the proceedings was anatomist made by the counsel for the prisoner, Serjeant Ballan tine, to discredit the testimony of the policemen engaged in getting up the case, by showing that they kept back part of the evidence in their possession at Pclizzioni's first trial, with a view to procure a conviction against him. The first witness called for the defence was Gregorio Mogni, who, it may be remembered, is now undergoing a period of five years' penal servitude for the manslaughter of Harrington. Mogni swore positively that he himself had stabbed Rebbeck, as we'll as wounded another man in the hand, having previously stabbed Harrington, and that the prisoner was not present at the time. Other witnesses followed, but their evidence was unimportant. The case had not. closed when the hour of adjournment arrived, and the jury were therefore relegated to each other's society over . Good Friday. The trial was brought to a close the following day, when several witnesses were examined for the defence, who stated that the prisoner was not in the house when the stabbing took place. The judge, in summing up, pointed to the difficulties of the case where on the one hand Rebbeck, who was slabbed and who had known the prisoner for yours, positively swore that he was the person that stabbed him, while other witnesses, who knew the prisoner of all better, swore that he was not present in the fray. The jury returned a verdict of " Not Guilty," This announcement was received with loud bursts of cheers from the people in the court. As it was agreed on all hands that the person who stabbed Rebbeck was also the murderer of Harrington, this is in effect a verdict of acquittal of a crime of which another jury found him guilty and another judge sentenced him to death. [Pelizzioni has since been discharged from custody by order of the Home Secretary], Alleged Embezzlement. Some excitement was caused in the little town of Sherborne, Dorsetshire, the other day, when the Earl of Shaftesbury appeared before the magistrates to charge Mr. Waters, his late steward, with embezzlement. The proviso charges preferred were for two sums of £27 each, but his lordship stated he believed the defalcations amounted to several thousand pounds. Mr. Waters had been steward to the late as well as the present earl, but was called on to resign in 1863. Since then Mr. Waters had filed a bill in Chancery against Lord Shaftesbury, to which his lordship gave in answers before he preferred the criminal charge, Some evidence was taken, after which the prisoner was remanded on 3000 bail. He was brought up again a few days subsequently, and the noble prosecutor was examined and cross-examined for five hours. Mr. Waters' counsel put in a number of letters, one of which the bench agreed should be " taken as read," and so the public will have no knowledge of its contents, but some of the others were from Lord Ashley, and referred to debts owing by him to the steward, and which he desired to keep from the knowledge of his father. In a letter written by the noble earl himself, which was put in, he said, writing confidentially to the steward, " Lord Ashley is very anxious to sit again in Parliament. But Hull is impossible. He has another place in view, and I am disposed to believe that it is safer for him to be in than out of the House of Commons." The letter went on to suggest that the cost of a seat was great, and that Mr. Waters must cut down expenditure as much as possible It was followed by some from Lord Ashley expressing regret that he had not been able to pay Mr. Waters what he owed him. On reading Hub Lord Shaftsbury exclaimed with vehemence, " God forbid I should have ever authorised my son to do so. My son, I am sure, will give ample explanation to this. This is the way that private family matters are to be brought out." The case was adjourned to the next day, when, after one or two witnesses had been examined, it was further adjourned, at the request of the prosecution, till the 4th of May, and the recognizances of the defendant were enlarged. The Hon. Colonel Hebbeiit on Gladstone and Bi'ionr.?Tho following extract is from the hon. Percy Egerton Herbert's speech to his constituency of South Shropshire on his return as M.P.:?" Then, on the Irish Church question the other day, what had been the conduct of Mr. Gladstone ? He had voted for the measure, it was true, because he had not yet cast loose his allegiance to Oxford; but he wanted to be the leader of the Radical party, and he adopted statements made by the most virulent opponents of the Irish Church, and talked of tithes as if they were an excise. He regretted to say that his talents still continued to dazzle a great many good Churchmen j but surely such speeches as he had lately made for instance, last year on church-rates, and this year on the Irish Church must show to them what was his restless ambition. His desire to lead the Radicals, and to be at the hand of a party, would in Iilb opinion drag him down until at last he would be as much a renegade in Churchmanship as he had been in politics. (Hear, hear.) There had not been much attempted in Parliament during the present session, but there was one bill now before the Legislature to which he would call their attention. He alluded to the Public Schools bill in reference to which he would recommend the burgesses of Shrewsbury, if any were present to look to it, for their interests were very much compromised by the bill as it now stood. Further than that, the session had not afforded much of interest beyond what had been called the Edmunds scandal, and which had shown up the social and political delinquency of that very creditable member of Her Majesty's Government Lord Chancellor Westbury. (Hear, hear.) With regard to the agricultural interest, what did the owners and occupiers of land expect to receive from the present Government ? What had they ever received P (A Voice.?" Nothing ") It seemed to him that in the remission of taxation their interest have never been attended to, and this, among other reasons, was one good reason for his opposing the present Government. But, although he wished to see Lord Derby in office and the present Government turned out, let them not suppose' that he was in any hurry about it. Unless the con- stituencies of England thought proper to send Lord Derby into office with a fair working majority, he would say, let them not attempt it. As long as Lord Derby was out of office with a good minority at his back a great deal of good might be done. They were able to restrain the Liberals from doing much mischief, and it were better for the Conservatives to remain out of power than to enter office with a small and not always available majority. A general election was imminent j let them use all their influence in boroughs, as well as in counties, and follow the example of their opponents, by sinking small differences as they sank their larger ones, and thus, by union, give Lord Derby at the general election to good working majority. Referring to the speech of Mr. Bright at Rochdale, and to the probability of a Conservative being returned in the place of the late Mr. Cobden, he observed that Mr. Bright had, in his speech, called upon the non-electors to help their brethren. This advice, if offered by the Conservatives, would have been called by the name of" intimidation." France and England will, it is said, despatch in September next an extraordinary mission to the King of Corea. The mission is to leave Saigon in the steam-frigate La Guerrier for Hongkong, whence the envoys will proceed to Corea, ' _R0firrj)AIiljjY"OTEnS.ANB-TnE,LQEDj0nASCEt.rJ ton's Cor/N-rv. Courts Bill. Strange to say, Rochdale, with a population of 40,0 CR, has only 1411 voters; and in the present state of the register, it is difficult to ascertain whether the Conservatives or the Liberals preponderate in numbers. Never has there been an election in Rochdale which has been so warmly contested as the present one. To show how high party spirit reigns it is only necessary to draw attention to the fact that even the couple of Catholic priests stationed in the town are divided on the subject of politics, and are busy visiting their flocks and urging them to vote for the respective candidates. The small shopkeepers in the town are very much dissatisfied with the Lord Chancellor's County Courts Bill, and on Tuesday evening they called a meeting to consider " which of the two candidates now before the electors will best represent our interests in Parliament." One of the speakers, Mr. Millner, said that, he was one of a deputation that had called upon Mr. Potter that day to inquire whether he would support the Lord Chancellor's County Courts Bill. Mr. Potter replied, " 'The firm of which I am the head has between 5000 and 6000 credit accounts spread all over the country; it is not likely, therefore, that I should support any alteration in the law which would be calculated to injure the shop [ keepers or weaken credit, particularly as a large number of these accounts would come under the operation of the County Courts Act." b Although Mr. Brett, thoConsorvutivocaudidnto, is against the bill, still a resolution was unanimously carried by the tradesmen present,?" That Mr. T. B. Potter is a fit and proper person to represent in Parliament the interests of the shop 1 keepers of this borough," Yesterday evening the Liberal party completed their canvass, and the general impression in the town is that it is favorable to Mr. Potter. Nearly all the workshops and mills in the town closed last night for the remainder of the week. This morning the nomination will take place at 10 o'clock, and Mr. John Bright is expected to support Mr. Potter. The Times, April 13. Bonnum: at the Bank of England's man named Samuelson has been committed for trial on a charge of stealing bank notes to the value of £750 from the Bank of England. Samuelson had been for many years a porter at the Bank. Last October one of the tellers in the Hank left a number of notes in his case on his desk for a few minutes. When he returned they were gone. The prisoner, who was in the room, was questioned as to them, but he denied all knowledge of their whereabouts. Within the last few L days it was found that holand been dealing with some of those at Hull, and when he was apprehended the remainder of the notes were -1 found in his possession. r THE Russian Epidemic The customs collectors throughout the United Kingdom have received instructions to report the arrival, from any port in the Baltic, of a vessel in which there is any case of cholera, smallpox, typhus or typhoid fever, or in which any disease whatever is extensively prevalent, to the local authorities, in order that they may take such measures as they see fit for the protection of the public health within their jurisdiction." The collectors are, however, directed to use the greatest discretion in conveying the information, so that unnecessary alarm may be avoided. Miss. Foster was addressing the electors of Rochdale, on Tuesday, when a gas- pipe broke, and the lights were turned out in an instant. Intense consternation and excitement were caused by this. Women and men were Bcrenni ing, windows smashed to got out, and there was great rushing to the doors. Had it not been for the presence of mind of the chairman and others, hundreds of persons might have been suffocated. The blockade of Monte Video was caused on the 21st of February. 