TOPICS OF THE DAY. By the Coorong we have intercolonial papers to the following dates:—Sydney, July 15; Brisbane, July 13; Launceston, July 14.; Hobart Town, July 13; Otago, June 23 ; Auckland, June 23; Holritika, June 17. The general news is unimportant, but the latest reports of the markets will be found among our commercial intelligence. By an advertisement in another column it will be seen that Mr. Charles Jenkins will sell the imported beef, at the Port, this morning. The Rev. 3. 3. Weal wood preachei on Sunday afternoon at the corner of North and Hast terraces, opposite tlie Botanic Gardens. The unusual occur rence attracted a large number of persons, especially of those who were on their waj to the gardens. Our readers will be eorry to learn that Mr. Geo. W. Francis, the well-known Curator of the Botanic Gordons, is confined to bis bouse by serious illness. Mr. Francis'e complaint is an aggravated form of the same malady from which he suffered such a severe attack some time ago. The Wallaroo Times says:—" The last remaining | wood- burning furnace at the Smelting Works has just ' been converted into a coal- consuming furnace, 2* of which, besides those in the refinery, are now in operation, and turning out large quantities of copper." On Friday last, Mr. C. H. Q-oode, M.P., delivered liis lecture on " Reminiscences of a Trip to Italy," in the District Hall, Hindmarsb, in aid of the funds of the Institute. Mr. Pickering, M.P., presided. The lecture was attentively listened to throughout, and at its close the lecturer was warmly applauded, and a unanimous vote of thanks was accorded to him, as also to the Chairman for presiding on the occasion. The ceremony of laying the corner-stone of the Telegraph and Post-Office, Wallaroo Bay, was per formed on Wednesday afternoon by Mr. Gavin D. Young, J.P. There were numerous spectators. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide and the Bev. B. T. Craig, who were on a visit to the neighborhood, arrived at the building a few moments after the con clusion of the ceremony. The structure will be of one storey, and will be 63 feet long by 43 feet in depth. It will contain a large office 17 feet long by 16 feet wide, a hall, a lobby, a messenger's room, five dwelling-room", and a store for chemicals used in connection with the telegraph department. On Friday afternoon as Mr. W. Lsaney was driving a horse and spring cart along ons of the streets of Hindmarsh, the wheel of the cart came in contact with a hole which was covered in a sheet of water, overturning the cart and precipitating him headlong to the ground, fracturing his arm and bruising him on other parts of his body. Thete he lay insensible till some of the neighbors came to his assistance. Dr. Lane was soon in attendance and eet the injured limb, and he is now rapidly recover ing. It is a pity that the District Council do not keep the streets in better repair and not endanger the lives of the public. The announcement that the Rev. William Taylor, of California, would preach in the Pirie-street Wes leyan Chapel on Sunday morning, July 23, caused an unusual number of persons to attend that place of worship. The Rev. John Cope, who officiated, stated that through the non-arrival of the Penola, the Ber. Mr. Taylor was not present that morning, but be thought there was every probability of bis being able to fulfil an engagement which he should make for him, namely that of conducting divine service in that chapel in the afternoon, at half-past 2 o'clock. The Rev. Mr. Cope then delivered an excellent discourse from Second Corinthians, ix. 15. In the afternoon the R:v. Mr. Taylor, who had arrived just prior to the service, conducted worship according to announce ment. The rev. gentleman discoursed from the text in Acts i., 8:— •* But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be j witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the j earth." He proceeded at length to speak of the command given by Christ to preach the Gospel, and of the necessity of receiving the power of < the Holy Ghost to efficiently and efficaciously declare its precepts. He pleaded earnestly with his hearers to wrestle importunately with God, even as the disci ples did, to whom the words of the text were ad-1 dressed, and who by a single sermon on a single day—the day of Pentecost—brought in thousands of I converts to the principles of the Gospel. There was j even a larger congregation in the evening to hear the Rev. Dr. Taylor. After the preliminary worship he announced his text from Ezekiel, xxxiti. chap. 11th verse—" As I live, saith the Lord God, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked; but that the wicked turn from his way and live; turn ye, turn ye from your evil ways; for why will ye die ?" Mr. Taylor in a very clear and definite manner, expounded the doctrine of free will, and made a strong and stirring personal appeal to each unconverted heart to receive the offers of mercy. That, he said, was the night of their decision and awful were the consequences involved in that determination. Sternal life and hap piness or everlasting perdition and despair would be the result. At the conclusion of the sermon the congregation engaged in silent prayer, in the midst of which the Rev. Mr. Taylor eang a hymn of exhortation and encourage ment—a proceeding which, if somewhat unusual, had a very solemn pftect. ' The rev. gentle man's manner is homely, quaint, and earnest, but withal attractive and powerful. His expositions are clear, his language flowing, and- his appeals very practical and searching. He will remain in the colony, it is expected, for two or three months, and intends to work hard, if we may judge from the commencement of his ministrations, which it was announced he would continue every evening (except Saturday) during the week. The entertainments at the Victoria Theatre on Saturday night comprised the Adelphi drama " Flowers of the Forest" and the burlesque (for the hut tune) " Perseus and Andromeda." There was a good attendance, and the performances passed off successfully. This evening two new pieces will be produced, in both of which Lady Don will appear. The first will be the drama " Kathleen Mavourneen," and the second the burlesque entitled " Aladdin, or the Wonderful Scamp." Ashton's Circus troupe performed at Norwood on Saturday night. The attendance was tolerably numerous, and the efforts of the various performers ' appeared to give general satisfaction. It will sot be forgotten that this evening the Circus will be re-' opened in Adelaide. Mr. Ashton advertises a number of additions to the attractions of his com pany, and doubtless the attendance will be large. Referring to the operation of the Stamp Act in New South Wales, the Goutburn Herald says:— " The Government not only insist on taking stamps on the receipt of post-office orders above the amount of £2, but in issuing such orders Post-Masters are ! instructed to stamp them. As no extra charge is I made for the issue of the order, and the cost of the stamp is defrayed by the Government, this is vir tually paying out of one pocket into the other. As the electric telegraph -department is made to return a goodly dividend by means of the lengthy and unne cessary messages which are sent by Government and supposed to be paid for, so it is to be expected the returns under the'Stamp Aot will be made to appear more considerable than would otherwise be the case by the peurile system referred to. The Government also insist on their officials giving stamped receipts for their salaries." A correspondent sends us the following:—''"Ac cording to arrangements the District Officers of the Albert Distriot of Beehabites proceeded to?everley on Friday evening, to open a branch of the above Order. After the preliminaries were arranged the candidates were admitted for initiation; after which the following brothers were appointed officers of the new (Albert) Tent:—Messrs. Headdey, C.R., Oliver, D.R, B. Davies, Sec; H. Davies, of the Northern Star Tent, was appointed P.C.R. On the Brothers taking the obligations of their respective offices D.C.R. MeKinlay gave them a few well-tuned re marks as to die responsibility entrusted to them. Great praise is due to Brother Headdey for his exer tion in getting a sufficient number to form s Tent, and we have every assurance there will be eeveral more proposed at their first tent meeting. Speaking of the Dublin Exhibition, the corres pondent of The Times eay? :—" From the Australian colonies the collections are not yet thoroughly arranged, owing to die short notice they received and the great distance they had to send. Sooth Australia exhibito Bamples of her fine wheat*, for which, she carried off so many prize medals in London in 1862; also a series of water-colour drawings of the city of Adelaide and the mining districts. Queensland shows samples of silk, cotton, woods, and fibres. There is an interesting case in this department of colonial wools, in all their stages, with the manufac tured articles made from them, exhibited by Joseph Craven & Co., of Bradford. These thin all-wool fabrics are interesting, as showing the success with which British manufacturers are now able to compete with the French in this class of goods, for which hitherto they have had the greatest run. There ere some marvels of skill in fine spinning in this case." The Echoca and Moama correspondent of the Deniliquin Chronicle states that the Murray river is rising steadily. Already there is water for the passago of the steamers of lesser draught; and as the rain is reported general, and especially heavy in the hill country, a flood is looked for. When the Czar arrived in Paris, lately, he took Baron Rothschild a present—a pound of tea! 