THE BRAEMAR HIGHIiAND GATHERING-. I VISIT O» THB Ml NOE AMD PBINOBSS OF. VALES. On Thuradav the lamons Highland gathering.look piano at Braemar, Tho gathering has for ft. long time held A flrst pUce amomget mooting- for boottinb gu mes, and lately it Iras acquired additional note from the visits of lue different juemuexB oí the rojal family.. Thia ywr the inducement la vi«î(ora was not wantina/, as the Queen and royal family were at Balmoral, whilst their Itjyal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wslei were resident at Abergeldie Castle, and had aïgni&ed; their intention of b*ing present »». the gnthering, the ii ty of which was altered to suit their con lenience. The northern meeting at Invernéis lind however, been «nnouncoJ far the s ime d*y j and it was feared this would"sli)ibily diminish the numbsrs at Braemir.- For several dava before Thursday .the weather wai excellent; but on AV-dnesd-y evening.heavy rain fell,causing.a. feir tSat the day would he as uncomfortable ns, it wa« Ut the lait two meeting's,- Fortunately, however, ^he morning broke clear,'and with good promise. This con- tinued during the whola day. aii- until afternoon crowds of visitor.* poured In from all quartern-'rom the glens around apd from a distance by the Spittal and Deeside.: On/tUo meeting.'of ¡th«'dani the ground was quickly cleared for the game, whian toole pUce<ímmediátelyi in front of)M-r Castle, and below a -high precipitous, oliflf known os " Craig. Cointon '. * place ot" meeting ¡ar assembly. Theassemblage of spectators' was as usual, large, ana exceeded the numbers cf those at last meeting.; ; On the platform on the o linono« in front of tin castle, and overlooking the apene of tho gime*, were Colonel .Farquharson ind a large number of friends and others. Tho part y from Invercauld ooraprieoJ Colonel farquharson, of Invercauld; 'Mrjj. .Farquharson, Mr John "Athole Farquharson, and Mr. George Murray Farquharson; Invercauld , Homo ; Lord Homesdale, Sir Edmund Filmer and Lady Filmer, Gordavon Lodge; Bai lie Cochrane, M P. far Honitos, and Miss Coch- rane ; Colonel Marshall, and Sirs. Marshell, London ; the Hon. Mr. Egarton and Mrs. Egerton ; and Mr. Carrington. The Earl of Fife wai present with the following- party -Lord Mac luff; Mr. Grey. Dublin ; Mr: Farquharson, Westmoreland ; . the'' Rsv. Jfr. Mor Hon ; (dr.' Garden Campbell, of Troop ; and Mr, B irn Cv lender, of Preston Muli. Thomas Powell, Esq., oauv rowen, aaa nenry JTO-YOU, £.><;., w^ui« Captain Horatio' Ross, ' Hetherley, and Mr Jenkini wera ,prêtent. from Old , Mar Lodge, "About tw thousand spectators were assembled on the green roan the'ring. Toe game «ommeooed shortly be'ore tw o'clook : ' but -in a little the cry--" They come!"- wo ra;-ed, and the Highlanders ware drawn,up. in ope column from the entrance/to the oastle grounds ni gnard af honour to reçoive the Prince sod Piinceas « Wales, As tho carriage entered the field.Vtbree.obeei were given by tbs Fa-qnhareon and Duff Highlander! whilst the crowd around as obaerfailv eave proof < their loyalty. The Priucc and Princess of Wales drbv in aa open carriage and . frequently bowed. ,.thei acknowledgments, , On the oarria^e being drawn nj at the gato to the oastle the' party were receive by Colonel , Farquharson and the Earl of Eft Ton Prince of Wales shook hinds with the Earl of Fit and Cilonel' Farquharson.1 and tuen introduced th litter to the Princess Hild* of Anhalt, who. aoconrj panied the Trinca and Princess of Wales. The gallar colonel then oonduotod 'he Princesa of Wales ti the to of the. eminence, and was followed by the Prince c Wales and the Princess Hilda. On reaching the plat form prepared for tho party, the Prince of Wales ws ,rea«ived by Mrs. Farquharson, as was also the Princes Hilda, and the Princess then shook hands with Mn Farquharson. By this time the circle was again fillet and the game re- coamenced. The princess and Mn Farquharson took seats on tho right . side of the hil the Princess of Wales ia the centre, and on. the rigb and left were Mrs Farquharson and the Princesi Hilda whilst the Prince stood to the aide. .The royal part watohei tho game with evident interest for about a hour- cheerfully ¿batting.and: talking the while-sn iben retired to luncheon. This was provided by Colone Farquharson ia a room in the castle. After aboa twenty minutes, tho.party returned to view tbe gamei and at three o'olock several carriages were aoei turning the foot of the bill towards the castle These brought the Prince and Princesa Louis c Hosie, the Priucoss Helena, and the Princess Beatrice Sir Charles Phipps, General Grey and Mrs. Grey, Lsd, -Churchill, Colone! Bruce, Baron Sohenok, and Baro! Rui ben, ¿c. Oa the halt a', the g ito, the. Prince a Wales and party left their seats, and came down th walk to receive the royal family ; and after the recep tl ID the Priucojs Louts of Hesse was led np to th platform by. Colonel Farquharson, whilst the'Prince a Wales and Prince LOUÍB followed with the ether. Prin cesses. The Princess .of Wales wore a striped eilyo grey dress trimmed with blue, a black velvet paletot and blue bonnet with light veil, straw coloured gloves and a parasol of a primrose colour lined with blue Tho Princess Hilda wore a pate grey laos si k, bl«cl velvet paletot, white bonnet, pale blue parasol and bini Í»loves; whilst Mrs. Farqnbardtn was dreaded in alight a vender coloured moire dress, an India filled plaid, pinl I bonnet, white parasol, and pale pink gloves; Th« I Prineejs Louis of Hesse wore a mauve moire dress, blaol velvet paletot, wbito bonnet, and i riraroie 'gloves,1 auc I carried a chene pira BO! lined with pink.' The Prince o: ' Wales and the Prince Louis wore the Highland oosturn« of the Victoria tartan. ' The games were carried on with ¡ great spirit, and were particularly watched bs the_ fashionable assemblage at the oiBtle especially daring the time of the ' oompetitiot , for tho Prince of Wale's prizes for , thc sword dance, and thore by Lord' Mooiuff for Highland reels. Waile throwing the hammer for the- eootetv'i prizes, Alexander Grant, the Prinoe of Wales'* game- keeper, took three throws, and in the laBt sent, the hammer a distance of 72 feet. As Grant, had, however, got the prize last year it fell to Robertson, who, threw j it a distanoe of 7 > feet 9 inches. Donald Dinnie, as usnal, specially Bhswod his superior prowess in tossing j the caber. Whilst the excitement prevailed with regard to the arrival of-the Prince of Wales, Donald entered the circle, and lifting the ponderous caber, threw it from him quito unconcernedly, tossing it right over. In the competitions, again, a olean toss could nob be mode for the society's prizes ; and whilst'M'Hardy tossed it over for the medal Dinnie made the only olean and by far the boat '. toss." Donald also made the champion throw with the hammer, which he pitched 92 feet 4 inches-the farthest we , believe, that has yet been dote at Braemar. Agata, at the stone ho did we'!. Three throws only are allowed, and Donald failed with these, as he bad for the first time to simd and throw, inBteaJ of hopping ¡ hut, with a fourth throw, be made 1 foot 6 inches io advauce of tho next competitor. General iuterest was taken in the dancing, whioh was excellent ; and a deal of excitement prevailed during tbe long race. The hurdle raoe-a new idea at these competitions was by far the most novel and amusing. The raoe was SOO yards, along with about a dozen of hurdles to leap, and tho River Deo to cross. The route was lined by anxious spectators, who eagerly discussed the chances, and the whole of tho Princesses rose from their seats and intently watched the runners ;, whilst the Prinooof Wales and tbe Prinos Louis of Hesso, together with Colonel Farquharson and the Earl of Fife, went to the tho water side to watch the race to the winning - post. Dinnie owed his success apparently to a knowledge of tho river, for he went down the wa'er to a ford, whilst Robertson plunged into the doep water, and sowas j greatly hindered. - Dundee Advertiser* A MIDNIGHT STEAM-RIDE,-William Steovens.a cleaner of engines in the Bristol and Exeter Ballway, was brought before the Taunton Folice-conrt for involving the mail train in a perilous situation. His duty was to clean an engine called the Busy Beo every evening after the work of the diy, and at half paBfc three on the following morning to light the fire so that steam cooli be got up by six o'clock, and the labours of another diy commenced. Oa na account was be to meddle with the machinery or attempt to move the train,' the driver laying on the fire and filling the boiler with a sulUelerit quantity of water. The oleaner, however, 'ook'a singu- lar frank into his bead, and determined to ha YO a mid- night ride if possible. Accordingly about midnight be . lighted tho tiro of . the eugine got up the steam, . and started tho engine, he being the only passenger.1 Up and down-the line be toro for two mortal hours, and not oxaotly knowing how to compriBH the steam it blow o(F in nil directions, shrieking tearfully, and alarming the inhabitants living near the lino of railway. The watch- man on ¿ne of the bridges was sorely af righted at seeing an engine touring madly along, backwards and foi wards, wth a solitary waite fioa up m it, and ho came to tho conoluslon, in tho ' darkness of the night,' that either a ghost, or tho Evil One himself, bad obt ¡ned a mastery, over it. In ono of his excursion's Etcevens was about «to enterthe main line of tho Bristol 'and Exeter Bsilwny, but he fortunately heard the noiso of theapproaoh of a night mall from London. A. minot« or two later ar'd the oonssqnenco would havo been fearful to contemplate, At length, tired of his rido, ho took tho Busy Bee back to tho station, and lay down hy the tide of it to await tho arrival of tho driver. At lialf-pist four the'drlver reached the scone, but when about IO) yards from'il I tho engine blew up with a fearful explosion, tho gleaner having ncgleatod to put more water in the boiler. The most remarkable part of the story remnins to bo told, The cleaner, though aloio to the engine, was uninjured, owing to ljing down. Ho certainly was frlgbcenod, the driver assorting that when be came up to him his hair stood on cud) "likeqollls upon a fretful porcupine.' For this freak ho waa seutunced lo a jnvntb'd laipiison [ ment, with hurd labour. 