SOliS J RECOLLECTIONS : OF A OU'riSD \- i i: ' : ' ."WOMAN, -. Bir N". JLuvrrtoaitE. . ,1 should hardly 'haye üired to add another to th innuraorable descriptions of Statford-oa-Aroa, if it ha: not seomail to mi that it would form a fitting f rama work to .sams reminisce asea of a .vory romark-ibl woman. Her labour, whilo she lived, was of a natur and purpose outwardly irreverent to tho nama of Shakos poro, jot by its actual tendency entitling her to th< distinction of being that one of alt his wordhiprura whe sought, though elie knew it nat, to placo tho riches: and stateliest diadom upon his brow.' ^Yo Americana at least in the scanty annals of our literature, eanno: afford to forget ber high and conscientious exercise ol noble facultioa, which,'Indeed, IC you look at tho mattet in ono way. evolved only a miserable error, bat, more fairly considered, produced a rojult SvorlU almost what it coat her. lier faith ia har .own ideas was BO - genuine, that, erroneous aa they wore, it transmuted thom, to gold, or, at all events, interfused a largo proportion of that precious and inde- structible substance among tho'wosta material, from which it can roadily. ba sifted. Tho only timo'I ovoraaw Slias Bacon waa in London, whore abo ' had lodging*, ' in Spring-atreot, SUSMX Gardons, at tho house of a grocer, a portly, raiddlo- nged, civil, and. friendly -man. who, as well o3 hie wifo, apnoarod to . feel a personal kinJUOJS towards; their lodgor. I waa ushered up two (and I rather bolievo throo) pair sf stairs into apirhur, somewhat humbly f araianod, and told that Mías Bacon would como soon. Thero were a niambar of booka on tho table, and, looking into thom, I found that ovory oho had nomo rjforonco, moro or loss ¡inmediato, to her Snaksporiun theory-a volume of Raleigh's ". History of the World," a volume of .Montaigne; a volumo of Lord Boom's " Lottors,'". a jvolumo of Shakspere's ' plays ; and ou a tablo lay a. large roll : of manuscript, which . I prosunio to have boen a portion of har work. To bo sure,, thora was a pocket-Bible among tho books, but everything oise referred to tho ono dospotie idea .that had got p03- ? ;session of har mind ; and as it had ongroasod her whole 'soul aa well os her -intellect, -1 have no doubt that abo had established subtle connections between it and tho "Biblo likewise. 'AB is «pt to bo tho casa .with solitary students, Miss Bacon probably read lato and rose late'; for I took up Montaigne (it ' waa ' Hazlitt's translation), and had been reading his journoy to Italy a good whilo before she appeared. . I had expootod,(tho more shame iori mo having no othor ground o£ euch expectation than that slio waa' a literary woman) to soo a very homoly, uncouth,.elderly personage, land was quita agreeably disappointed' bys her ospeet. Sho waa rathor uncommonly tall, and . bad j a striking and bxprasaivo face, dark bair, dark oyqa, whiob'shono with on inward light ns soon as abo bog.iu ' to apeak, and by- aud'hy a colour carno into her cheeks nnrl inn,fo her lonlr nlmnst vounff.: TCofc- that «ho rriiillv was so ; sho must have Tjoon beyond lmddlo ago : : add thora was no' unkindness;in coming, to auch a conclu- sion,, because making an allowance for y oars- -and ¡II lMsalthvI could "supposa her to havo boen handsomo âiid oxcaodingly attractive oaoo^ Though wholly estranged from soctoty, ; thoro was ; little or no roatraint or embar- rassment in hor manaor; .lonely pcoplo -aro gonqrally glad tb'give utloranco to their pent-up idoas; and oftau bubblo ovar -with thoisi aa freely as children with their uewiy-fou'nd ayllablo. 1 !I' cannot teïï'hôw'it carno abdul, but wo immediately found oursolvea rtakihg'n friondly and familiar tono altogether, and l>ogan; to tally as if wo had known'ono.auothçr'a vory.long wulla. , A little preliminary, corrospondonco 'had .iridood Smoothed thjo way.'and we had a definite) 'lopio in'-tho1 oontomplatod: : Sha waa -very communicative) about luir, thoory,., and WouldHavprbbon much inoro so. had I dosirol it;* hut hoing- coriscious''within' myaplf bf a stdifdy'.udtanof, Tdeombd it fuir and honoat Mtliorto-IrtJJfaSSHhaä'ai'aiv' hor out,upon-th« subject,/ ; Unquestionably"sha*' Avas a' monomaniac Thoso overmastering Woas-iabout;;; tho, authorship'' .of , Shaksporp'á > plays, ., andi thy. v|Joop; pblitioàli'philbsophy wcbncoálo'd'borióath''tli6 .surface of tlietn,'J had -' completely, throwh.0 hbr mirfd ^ Off' its. .bal anco ; - hu t at tho : sanie timo - tho/- had ? wonderful ly - dovotoped her intellect and made, hor. : what,' sho .? would not othorvvise. have become.. ,lt. waa a vory singular' phénbmenbtíV a system' of philosophy growing up! in tUisi'woman's mind without her- volition, -contrary, in fact to tho dotorminod rosistanco of-' hör* volition,- and substituting itself in tho nineo of.-ovoryihing .that briginally-grow thoro., To,- have, basod such a system on'fancy,"and ..unconsciously olaboratod it' for hors'olf,' Waa': '"almost' 'as - '-wondorful "as1- really * to '* 'have liound." it >ia .k* th-»' jilaya. -° BUt'^'ia-' ' a I'oerbain .'sonsa-'-she^did ' actually T-rflnd ' ib-> thor?. Shakspero ]<as > surfaco ;boneath áur/acoj to.Iattj únmoá s'urablo .'depth,, adapted to . tho plummet linbjûf. prorV Teador ; his works' present' immy ph'usns o£ truth,each with scopo largo ouough tb lill a' contomplátivo mind. Whatever you sock in him 1 you wilt safbly'discover, provided you aeok truth, r Thoro is no -exhausting tho various interpretationsof his- symbols; ond;a thousand Írears hence,' a 'world bf-no.w readers will possess n whole 'briary of now books," as 'wo'ptirsolvis db, in1 "those volumes old already.' - I had Half a"mind toduggost tb Misa Bocón thia explanation of. her thory, 'but foi boro bopauso.(asl could readily porcpivo);sho. had ns'princely espiritas Queen.. Elizabeth herself, < and;would nt, once 'havomotionod me. from tho'room.' ' I had heard, Jong ago; that shb 'behoved that tho''material'evidbucbs1 of hor, dogma as to' tho< authorship; together ? J with tho. koy of: .tho; nowj.//philosophy, ,would<;bD found 'buried, in' Shakspoçe's . grave. ltoccnUy, as ' ' I. understood. [ hor, ' thia ' 'notion " had ' "boon somewhat'modified, ahd: --was'now accurately.'defined and 'fully: dovclohod 'iuaiwrrmind; With-a result ^of porfopt oortainty.. Irl Lord ,-Bncbii's " LpUors," on which sho laid h'o.r.fingbr aa efio spoke, ; sim had disco.vorod tho key' and' club ) to 'tho\ wliblo, myatbry,'.'' Thoro' werb definite 'and minuto ahstructidnB'hQW. 1»' iliad n will and othqr:.documents Mating" tö\thb conolavo' of IOlizahoth'an philosophers, 'which woro ooncoalod:(whon and by whom sho.did not inforrn. mo)in,a hollow.apace, iii tho uddor aurfaijc'of Shakspéro'js' gravestone. Thus the 'temhlo1 prohibition''td' rbrdoyo1' tho^stonb 'was accounted for.' 'iTho'dirtöViöhsji-shb1 Intimated,''wont obmplololy ,and -.prooisoly- to-tho point,' obviating'.nil' difficulties in-tho way of opmiug; at tho .treasure, and. ovéni if l romembor riglitv'worb ao^piitrivoA'aalo ward off ' any' ''troühloSbmo.' '''consequences '^liltoly /'to' bneuo" ffom'r ! th» »''interference-'-"of rtho -parish officers.; ii AU.i that 'Miss'. Bacon mow roniaiuod '-'in' Kngland for-indood; tho'objoot for.whiohsho lind op mo. hither, nnd which . had i kept fher hero for, throo yoars pist-^was lo obtain' possession of 'theso matovial áhd'.ün-. quostionablb:proofs bf tho huthontiuity of hbr theory. : She communicated* all J !this- -Strange .matter! iii h low quiet tono ¡ wliilo on my, part, Il is Wnod as qniotlyiand without..' any , expression of dissont . Contro- versy'\: against a faith ' so sottlbd",'would, ' Hàyo Bhut-'hbr^up' 'nt' ónoo'i, rina 'that,' ^oo.-' Svlthout, iu thodcast'i weakening llior 'bóliof-'iii 'Ihó'oxistoncb of ! those treasures of tho totnh ." and had it boon posaibib to ' convinço her of their inuuigiblo nnturo, I, npprohend thht'thoro would'havo hoon nothing' loft ¡for tho poor enthusiast,' savo tbcollnpso' and djo. ' Sho frankly Con- fessed 'hat sho could no longer bcar'tHbsbeloty otf th'dso Vho.did: not, at least,- lond n-i certain sympathy to hor I views, if not , fully phare in, thorny and mocting litUb sympathy.or none, ¡alio lind. now., Mtirely;, socludod 'herself f-romthe world. Innllthoibybars'sho hnd'sefcri Mrs.'Farrar a íew^imes^but had lorig Ago girón hbr upi Oarlylo onco or twice, but not Of lato, ni though ho had .roceivod.hor kindly; Mr.,Buchanan,,whilo.-miuistor in Enirland/liad.onoocalled on,her, ^ud .Qono'ral Camp boll,' oiir consul'itt Tjbndbn.'had níót. her two'or three times on 'business; AVith thesó oxCeptions1,''which sho mafkbd ao scrupulously tliat it wns;'pOrboptiblo what epoohs^they. wtjro in tfio monotonous, passagb ; ot . her 'fays, eua had lived iu-tho profoundest . solitude, - . Shb nbvbr walkód'óüt'i' Bhsaullerod rriuoh froih ill-'hoalth ! rand ybt sho assurb'd mo slió'was' pdrffectly happy; ' " ! iÚIcould vrbll concoivd'it, for ''Hiss Bneon ' imaglnfcd horaolC to havb rcooivod (ivhrit ia certainly tho . grontast hoon over: assigned to mortals) a. .high ^mission in',thb world',' with'ádóqüálo powers for ila , accoiuplisUmont ; and lost' ovon'thoso shbutd brovd ihsii'Dlbioht, slio Had faitli that sjiocial ihtorpositiohs of Prbvidonco'worb for- warding hor human o0vjrts.''r Tho'¡doa was continually corning to tho aurfaco dirring.'our intorvjow. ;, 8ho, ho Ilovod, for example, that slip Iud tacit nroyidentiajly led tú^bt'pi'bftbnt lodging-Hôusb' ¿lid' put'.' iii relations with tho 'goofl- natured grobor ahd his" famil jr'¡ ' and;' td say tho'.'iTuthv considorlng. what fa Vsaviigo 'and stpalthy;,trlho,,,th(J. London;, lodg'mg-ltouso . .kcopora usually'nra, tho honest kindnoss of this man and his household ' appoarod ' to' hnvo hoon liltlo leas thiin miraculous.1 Evldontly, tbo,- slip thbnght, that Provi donco had brought mb forward-a mnn'somowhat con nootod with litornturo-at the critical junoturo -whon sho ncodod a negotiator with Ibo. hookeollora ; ,nnd on niy part, though littlo nccuBtoniod to regard lnysoll' ns a divino mi'uiatpr, and ' though I might ovbu hnvo proj furred thnt TrovidonCo blinuld soloot somo olhor iiietm inbnti i.hnil no ncniplaln uuilei'tnking to . do,what I could;for Her.-; -^tor hbolt, ns I could.soo hy turningjit Over, was V very remhrhnhlo bíip, hñd worthy bf liuing , olf^rod to tho publie, which, it WÍFO enough ti nnpro cinlo it, would bo thankful for ' what was good m it, »nd. merciful' to it» fault«. It wa* founded on a pro. dlgious error, but waa built up from that foundation with a "good' many prodigious' truths.- And, nt all oventa, whothor-I: coula .aid her literary views pr no, it would have been both rash and impertinent ia ma to attempt drawing poor Miss Bacon" out ' ot lier ' delusions. which wera tho condition on which she li'cd ia comfort and joy, and in tho exercise of great intellectual power. So I left her to dream as aho pleased about the treasures of Shaksperc's tombstone, and to form whatever designs might seem goad to herself for obtaining possession of I them, I waa sensible of a lady-Hko feeling of propriety in itisi Bacon, and a New England orderliness m her charaotor, and in spite of her bewilderment, a sturdy I common sense, which I trusted would besrin to ODorato I nt tho right time, and kcop her from actual extrava- gance. And os regarded this matter of the tombstone so it proved. The intcrriow lasted above aa hour, during vrhicli sho ftowoj out fmolr, as to tho solo nuditor capablo of any degrco ot intelligent sympathy, whom sha had mot with iu a very long while, lier conversation was re- markably suggestive, alluring forth ono's own ideas and fantasies from tho shy places where they usually haunt Slio was indeed an* udinirablo tilkor, considering how long she had hold her tonguo for lack of a listener-pleasant sunny and shadowy, often frcquont, and giving glimpses of all a woman's various and readily changeable moods and humours ; mid beneath thom all Ibero rana Joop au 1 poworful under- ourrout of earnestness which did not fail to produce in tho liatenor'a mind something like a tomporary faith in what abo hersolf beliovod so for vantly. Dut tho stroots of London aro not favourable to enthusiasms ot this kind, nor in fact aro thoy likoly to flourish anywhere in tho English atmotplicro ; so that, lonprlioforo roaohing Paternoster Kow, I felt that it would bo a difiloult and doubtful matter to advocate tho publication of Maas Bacon's book. Nevertheless it did finally 'get publishod." Months bofore that hap- pened, however, Miss Bacon had taken up her résidence at Stratford- on-Avon, drawn thither by tho mngnotiam of those rich secrets which abo supposed to havo boan hidden by Haleigh, or Bacon, or I Jtuow not whom, iu Shakaporu's grava, and protootod thore by a curse, just as pivateä used to bury their gold in tho guardianship of a friond. Sho took . a humble lodging, and began to haunt the church like a ghosts But she did not condescend to any stratagom 'or underhand attempt to violate tho grave, which, had BIIO boon capa- ble of suoh hu idea might possibly havo boon aoonin piishod by tho aid of n rosurroction-mari. Aa lier firat step BIIO mndo acquaintance 'with tho dork, and bogan to sound him ns to the foasibllity of her ontorpriso apd his own willingness to engage in it Tho derk, appa- rently listened with not unfavourable oara ; but na his situation '(which tho feos of pilgrims moro numerous than any Catholic shrino rendered lucrative) would havo been forfoitod by any ntal-foasanoe in ofllco, ho stipu- lated for liberty to consult'tho vicar. Miss Bocón re- quested to tell lier own story to tho reverend gentleman, and seoms to havo boen received by him with' 'the ut- most kindness, and oven to havo succeeded' in'malclng'a certain impression oa his mind as to the desirability of tho search; ' As thoir interview had boen undor tho ecol of 'eoorcsy, ho ; asked permission to ' consult a friend, who a», Misa Bacon found out, or surmised, was a practitioner of the ? law. What tho1 legal friond advised she did not learn j'hiit tho negotiation continued, and ' certainly was never brokon off by au absoluto refusal on tho .vicaría,' part Ilivperhorps" was kindly temporising with our pofar country woman, «whom aa'Englishman' of ordinary mould: would,havo sent to a, lunatic asylum at onoo. 11 cannot help fanoying,: however, that' her familiarity with" the ; events of SnakBperb'aJ lifo, and' of his death aiid burial {bf which alie .would' speak'as, 'if.she hid boon prosont at the odgo of tho »grave), and ali tho 'his-,, tory,'litoratuip^and porsonolitieB of tho Elizabethan ago, together with tlïa preváüiug ppwor of h'or own belief,' and tho OICKJUOUOO;with which sho know how to enforce it, had really gone some ' little way toward - making ¡a convert of tho gopd clergyman;. Ii so, I honour him abovb all tho hierarchy of - England. ' ?? . ? ? ¡ ' Tho nffuir certainly looked very hopeful. _ Ilowover .rrorieoualy Miss Bacon bad understood front the vicar thntrio'pbstueloa would bo interposed to. tho - investiga Hon, nud that he. himself' would? satiation'- it with hisprcsopco.' It was to tako place after night- fall ¡ aud all preliminary arrangomonts hoing mado, the vicar and olork professed to walt only hor word in order to sot pboutliftiug: tho awful steno from tho'sepulchre. So, nt loast', 'Miss Bacon boliovod ; 'and » as her be-, wlldcrmont was ontirely in ber own thoughts, and novcr .disturbo'JI her peNxsptloil or ncom- alo' roinéniurûiiob of oxlornnl things, I eee no reason to doubt It, oxoopt it bo' tho tingo of absurdity iu tho fact But in this nppn rontly prosperous ' state ot things, her, own convictions bogati to falter. A doubt atólo into hor mind whether sho might not havo liiielakon tho dnpcviitnry nnrl modo óü concealment of thoao historio treasures; and-nf tor onoo'admitting tho doubt, sho was afraid to hazard tho shook of uplifting thoetono and findihg.nothlng. i -She examined the surfacopf tho gravestone, and endeavoured, without stirring it; to estimate whither it woro of euch thloknois aa to bo ; capablo" óf containing tho archivas of tho Elizabethan Club. She wont ovor nnow tho proofs, tho cilios, tho enigmas, tho preg- nant sontoncoa,- whiohlshe had discovered in Cacon a r* Loiters" nnd elsewhere, and now was frlghtonod to per ceivo that thoy did not point doflnitoly, to Shakeporo's tomb, ns sha had boforo-pnpposod. , There was an un- mistakably distinct roforonco to, A TOMII, but: it Plight bo Bacon's, br Rnlolgh's, or Sponsor'», and instead -of tho" Old Player,"ns she profanely called lum, it niipht bo either of thoao three illustrious doad-poot, warrior, or slateaman, whoso ashes-in \VostmliiBter Abbey, np tho Towor.burial-ground, or whorovor thor sleep, it was her mission to disturb.* Il is_ vory posaiblo, nioroovot*, tlint her ncuto milid" may always novo lind a lurking and deeply,,latent distrust,of'.its 'own fantasies, ana that thia now became strong onough to restrain hor from a dooislvo atop. "" I t ,yBut/aho contiuued ip ? hover orpimd tho.church, ana seems to.havó had full freedom otj entronco in the day .timo, and bpéolil Ilcóiisd ón ono occasion' at least fit a lâtè hour of " tho night. 'She wont'tiiitnor witli'a drtrk'lnn^ torn, whicli:could- but winkle' Uko/ a glow-worm' through tho'jVolumojpE pbaourity, tho .great, dusky .edified Groping her, way .up, tho aislo aud: towards the chancel', 'she ¿at down, on tho olovated' part ' of 'tho,'.' pavement abdv'o'. Shalrsporo's' gravo. "If tho divhifa pobt'rcallV wrolo thè/Inaoriptlon there; and cared-- a's'tMiicll' 'about; tho..quiet of his, bones! .na,»ts. deprecatory.-oarneathbsk ; would imply, it ^vns timo;for'lhoijocrumblipgrolicB.tp l>38lir 'tliomsoH'ee under hor'faoii'ogious feet. Bat.they wore'safo;1 . She made 'nb' attempt td diatdrb thom I; ; though,'! believe,' sho looked 'narrowly into the crevices .between Shnksporo's aud tho two: adjacent stones, nnd in soino, way satisfied horsolfthat )ioi\ainglp/atrongta would Buffieo to' lift tho former in casopf hood. . She 'throw tho'fcoblo ray of her Jantorh "lili lowavdii Hip biiat, 'but could- not! ranko' iti: vlaiblb 7 boiieath Uta,- darkness' ó£ tho' . vaulted' ; roof... Had ? alie boon subjoct to superstitious terrors, itie impossible to coiicóivoof a. situation that, could botter entiüe. het tb' fed' tliem, for, if Sliakspora's ghost would riao¡at any provocation', it 'must'havo aholvn itnolf then ; ' but ii^ie ruy ^ sincere boliof, thati If lils .figure'had' appeared .within, tho Boope pf-, hor-dark ilnntorn. in.his stnBhoâ doiib^lot, phd gown, and . with his; ©yes,' bont on lief1 b'ónonth llio'liigh bald forohonil. just, ps wo soo' him in Ui6 bust,"aho' wdtild have''mot hitri' fearlessly nh'd"con- troverted-his daurie to -tho''authorship'bf-tho playa'rp bia ivory foco. . Slio had taught herself to . contemn , "Lord .Leicester's groom'.' (it was ono of, lier disdainful opithots . for tho ' world's incomparable pool) , ,'so thoroughly, ' tliát' ovoh his disombodlod 'rtpirit'.would hardly havo'found civil troatmcnt 'at Miss ' Bacon's hands.-. -, Í ,.- . , .;: ' - -ti: ' : ? J- .?; j :,, Her, vigil,' thqugli it appears to have bad .no, dofinilo bbjobt.-contiiiucid lar into tho night, Sovonil times alió henVd n lbw iuoVenioiit iii tho niales ; a'atoaltliy','dubióiia 'fobtfaU''pró\vllng:al>óut in thé darkness, nôvtr''horo now thora, .among tho pillars and ancient tombs; aa'If sonio rostlcas Iiiliabttnnta of the latter had orcpt forth hi peep nt tho intruder. , By andaby (ho oloik made hisj appearance', ''and 'confossod, that ho had, been watching her orvor'feinco abb entered tlio church. *",'-' '"'' V ' '1 : About this timo it. was that a strange sort'of wonril noaa;,eponla'[to..llav.a fallon,lipop hor ;?. hor toil' was all; but done, ,l}or.grea£ purpoao, as elia bólioved, ,ott (hej very bbint' 'ot aopomplisliiuont, when,' sho bogan to rp» grct that so Btup'Hndoiis a 'mlesioil had beuri imposed on thó¡ fragil ¡ty" 'oß ùtHrOirianJ ' ' Hor1 fuith ' ¡n ' tho .' nówl philosophy wnsias'inighty ns over, nnd so was har con jlldenco in lier, own nUequrito duvelopmont: of, it,,now about to. lió givon to tho world, yot sho .wisped, pri fnnclod so, thnt it might novor have bton lier'duty to nchiovo this' unparalleled tnakV ntid 'lo'stagger feebly fonvm-d undor horimtnenso burdon of responsibility and renown. So far ns her ucraonul concern lu tho matter Svpnl, sho'would gladly havo forfoitod tho reward of, her 'parlent' study and lnbour for BO ninny yenrs her exilo 'frññi'-lior country and ostrangomont from her family and fridndj ; hor eaorlllco of health'anil nllothor intoroBt ',.',* Unooii MecpV In tho Churoli of HI. Ilinlini-l, St. Alliau'nl ."orin: Hutol!;)! Iii'imtitli tho ii ivomont »r Ht IVitiir mt Vlnaiilii, , tlinToworaf t,miilnn: mut HiiaiHitr'H itu it lu cuiiuuliiylod wltti 'hs dust of 1'oulu' Curlier, lu WoiituiliisUr Alibt'/. to (bis one pursuit, if she could only find herself fro« to dwell in Stratford and bo forgotten. -. Sba lilied the 1 old slumberous town, and awarded the only praise that over I know, her to bestow on Shakospcre, the individual mon, by acknowledging that his taste in a residence was good, and that he knew how to choose a suitable retirement for a person of shy but genial tempérament. And ut this poiut I ccaao to possess the mcanB of trac- ing her vicissitudes nf fooling any further. In cons», quenco of some advico which 1 fancied it my duty to tender, nslieing tho only confidant whom sho now had in tho world, I fell under Miss Bacon's most severo and passionate displeasure, and waa cast oiT hy halpin the twinkling of an eye. It was a misfortune to-which hor friends were always . particularly liable*;-'> but I think that nono of them ever loved or ever respected her most ingonuous and noble, hut likewise. Àîmoat sensitive and tumultuous, character tho less for it. -At that timo lier boob was passing through tho proa*. ?Without prejudico to hor liUrary ability, it must bo ni lowed that Miss Bacon waa wholly unfit to prepare hor own work for publication, because, among many other reasons, sho was too thoroughly in earnest to know what to lcavo out Every leaf and lino waa sacred, for all i had boen written under so deep a conviction of truth as to assume, in her eyes, the aspect of inspiration. A practised bookmaker, with entire control of hor mate- rials, would have shaped out _a duodecimo volume, full of eloquent and ingenious dissertation - criti- cisms which quito toko tho colour and ' pun- gency out of other people's critical remarks on Shakspore--philosophic truths which she imaginad herself to have found at tho roots of his conceptions, and which cortaiuly como from no inconsiderable depth somowhero. Thora was a groat amount of rubbish, which any competent oditor would havo shovelled out of the way. But Miss Bacon thrust tho whole bulk of inspiration and nonsonso ¡uto tho press in a lump, and lhere tumbled out a ponderous octavo volume, which foll with a doad thump at tho foot of the public, qnd baa never hocu picked up. . A few persons turned over one or two of the loaves, as it lay'there, and essayed to kick tho volume dooper in tho mud ; for they were the hack critics of tho minor periodical press in London, than whom I aupposo, though excellent fellows in their way, thcro arc no gentlemen in tho world loss sensible ot any sanctity in a book, or loss likely to recognise an author's .heart in it, or moro utterly carole a about bruising lt thoy . do .recognise . it. It is thoir trade. Thoy could not do otherwise I never thought of blaming them. It was not for such an Englishman na one of thoso to got beyond tho idea that an assault wns meditated on EugVmd'e greatest poet. From tho scholars and critics bf her own country, indeed, Miss Bacon might . have looked fora worthier appreciation, bocausp, many bf tho host of them have higher cultivation, and. finer and dooper literary ?sensi- bilities, than all but tho very profoundest and brightest ot Englishmen. But they aro not ' a courageous body of men ; thoy.daro not think a truth that has an odour of absurdity, lost they should fool - themselves bound to speak it out'' If'any, Arrioricnn .over wrote a word ia lier behalf,' Miss Bacon never knew it, nor did I." Our journals at once republished ' somo of the most brutal vituperations of tho English press, thus polling thoir poor countrywoman '.with. stolen 'mud, without ovoa. waiting to.know whether .tho .ignominy, was doserved. And thoy novor havo" known it to this day, nor never will. . > Tho nOxt intelligence I had of Miss Bacon, was by a» loiter'from the Mayor of Stratford-on-Avon. ? llb waa n medical man, nnd wrote both in his ofnoinl and pro- fessional character, tell iii g mo that an, ^American lady, who had recently published what tho .mayor called a I " Shalcspbrd book,''-' Was' 'afflicted with " insanity. -In a lucid interval,.sho haArofprMd.txi.rneas a porson who lind somo knowledge of her family arid a flaira. . What shoimay havo suffered holbro hor intolleot'garo way, wo had. hotter not try't^lpuiginp. ? No, nutlíor .had, oVor 'hoped sb confidently ria, sho| Moho over , failod more utterly.: i A enporstitibns frtnoy might suggest "that the annthôma on Shakapcro'si'Wh)'hstörto . lind fallon heavily on hoi hoad in requital bf, o von, tho .unaccomplished purpóso of . disturbing tho dust beneath, and that the ;'01d Plnver'i lind kopt so quietly in;Jds*1 gravo on the night of »her' vigil, .bpcauso hö.forbsaw"liow soon.-.and terribly ho would bo avenged. But.if, .that-benign spirit takes nny --caro pr^ cognizance of suoh things,now, "ho '' has , su^oly,,, ^roquitod tlia injusticár that " BIIO sought *'i.to #>(k)°ui.«him<r-tba 'high j us tico that sho really did by a tondcrnoss of love and pity of which-only: ho could 'bo capable.' ' What mat era it, though aho pallod him hy some other name Î .Ho,had wrought a.greater miraolo.on hor.tUan on- all .Iliai world besides.-.! This bewildered -. enthusiast had roeognisod a'depth in tho mah whom Sha decried, which scholars, .critics,', and learned societies^ devoted.to tho elucidation of his unrivalled scones had novor imagined to exist there. ' Sho had para him tho loftiest honour thiitnll tho nena nf ronown havo hoon able.to nboumn luto upon his memory. And when, not many months after'tho outward fuiluro of her lifelong objoot, sha passod ¡uto tho .hotter world, Iknownot why wo should hesitate to boliovo that tho immortal pool may havo met her on tho threshold; nnd led her in, reassuring hor "with f rion'dly'and'cornforüibjo, words, nnd thanking hor (vet with n smilo -of. gontlo.humour iii his oyes nt the thought of ' certain mistakon speculations) for having inlerprotpd him,ta'manldhd,e'o,welI.;, v ., . , ' I boliovo that it lins,boon the futo ot this romnrkabla book never toliavo lind moro than n singlo reader. I, myself, nm acquainted with it only ih'insulatcd> chapters and scattered pages and' paragraphs, Bi;t. sinos my rolum to Amorioa, n young mau ot gonius and on thusiasiiVliaB' assured mo, that ho- lins pósitivoly read tho book from, '.beginning lb orid, and is oomplololy, a bohvort te ' its doctrinist , It bolbugs to.liiiri, therefore, and not to. mo-whom in almost tho last lotter- that I rccoivód 'from?her,1 sho- deolnrod unworthy to meddle wi(.h hor'Avork- it .belongs'surely, to 'this.bno indivi- dual, -who .lins dono lier so..mucli justice as to know what .aho wrote, to -plaeo Miss Bacon nv hor duo position boforó.tho'public and posterity..' j, . "..'.'. . Tirn ManhiAoit'^LAWS COMMISSION.-WniïEirAi.1. Mancu 17..-Tho - Qnoon has .booti plcnsod to direct lottors to, bp,,pa3sod^uhjor,tho great . Boni appoint- ing tho itightillonorablo Fredwio, --. Baron Cholmsford ; tho Bight Ilohorabio Blchnr-1 Southwell Bourke (coin* monly called Lord Naas) ¡ - tho Hight Honornblo Robert yoçi>bn,'llàrôii,LyVcdoiii tho'Bight Honorable Spencer lloratio-?'VVnlpolo'^ tho Bight. Honomhlo 1 "William Mönsoll ; ' tho'.'Hight .jllonprnhlo .Joli.u ..Inglis,' hor Majesty's Justice Olork in Scotland ; tho Hight Honor- nblo Thomas O'Hnçnn, ono of tho - Justices ; of hor Mfijosty'B Court ,Qt Common,',Pions .itt,, Ireland ., the .Hight 'Honornblo i Sic.. Jamos Bloated "Wilde, Kut, Jutlgo of her Majesty's Court of Prounto ; Sir William Pago Wood, Kut, ,> yico-Chnhcollor ; Sir H. Palmor, Kilt, hor Miijn8ly's:.Àtternoy-Ûbhbrnl ; Sir ll. M'Cnl mont CuiniB, lint : Ooorgo Young, Esq.. her Majesty's SolicilbriQcnoial fov'.ScotMnd ;,'Travers Twiss; D.O.L., ono pf her Mujoaty'a CQU'UHOI ¡ and Alexander Murray Dunlop", Esq., to bs hor Majesty's commissioners to iuquiro into and report upon rtljp, state nnd Operation of tho various laws now in fbrcd .in tho différait paris of tho Uuitpd.Kingdom ' ofr Great. Britain .and , Irolund wiih'respect tb'Uib constitution and proof of tho can tract of,marriage, rind tho registration* and other ninana of procuring evidence .thereof,, and ' also into tho stnto 'ana'opération'of tho Jaws- bf .tho United Kingdom in relation to m.irribgos of European British subjects in India and in tlio colonies ; .and also tho stnto; nnd ope- ration of such of'tho laws bf ' tho "United .Kingdom na relate to tho murringo of-British subjects in foreign counnio8.j^-Qnzctte.' . ? ' t ; : TUE QUKKN AND TUB EMrr.0Y>tÍ3KT oy WöitKK. Soino time ago n beautifully, executed address, "tho work of tho pupils of tho QubeuV Institute,1 Dublin, waa presented to her Mnjosty, who has now hoon gfooioiisly plcnsod to convoy lier Approval o£:. thia' ispooimon of orlucitocl labour in tho following lotter to Lord Talbot do Malahide, tho vicc-prosidont ot tho Qitppn's Institute, by whom it wns prPsontod to hor Mnjosty, at .Windsor: -.. Windsor Castle, March 0, 18Q& . Sly door Loni Talbot,-Tho Quoon has commanded mo to assilro you of the pleasure with which'slip hns learned, from tho nddross which you havo presbnted to hor Majesty, tito incrwtriod BUOCCSS ot tho Queen's ] Institute for tho Training and Employment of"Educated Woinon. Thora could bo no object morbJ iii harmony with tba' toolings of hor Majesty than to próvido omploymont, such ni is pooulinriy suited to thom, for, 'thoso womon whoso o.irly oducation has qualified them to oultivtllo other Holds ot notion than thoso usually open to fomnlo in- dustry ; nov is it less dosirablo that such instruction should bo nvailnblo for thoso that nra younger ns limy contribute to extend ns widdy os possihlo tho limits of profilablu and h'onoiirnblo oxertlon. ' Tho Queen was inuoh pln:iaod to rom.nk tho pooulinriy nppropriuto liioJo thntlins hoon ndoptud ot proving to hor Mnjusly thal talent mid ability wcro not wanting (whore n Ut- ting oponing could ho found), hy tho very beautiful mut tiateful illustrations nnd nilornmoiilti of tho nildi'osa pvoboiilod to hui'. Tho illiimiiiutiou-a, tho w.ilor cidoitr viuws, rmi Ihnohihroidory wore nil miioh nduiiiwl liv her Mnjosty.-Iljlievo um vory siituoroly yoitro. I B. I'm MIS." -.Dublin lîxnroïs, 