WINTER RAINS. Englishmen hare often been laughed at for the habit they have of making the state of the weather the all-absorbing subject of con- versation. Let two Britons meet anywhere where conversation is possible — in the street, in a railway carriage, in a steamboat, in a ball-room, or even in a church, and it may fairly be assumed that before ten words are uttered a reference will be made to the state of the weather. Some foreigners maintain that this national habit arises from the narrow circle in which an Englishman's thoughts revolve and from the paucity of his ideas ; some say it is the natural result of a sluggishness with which his mind moves — that before he knows what to say there must be a ponderous process of thinking carried on, and while his mind is at work finding something to say his tongue is busy with the usual truisms about the state of the weather. Others say that 10 much of the success of the business and pleasure of John Bull depends on atmospheric conditions which ran never be relied on, that whether he contemplates duty or recreation bis first thought must be of the. weather. There may be some portion of truth in these BurmiBes, but probably they, do not contain the whole truth. The fact », the 'proud islanders' are a very modest nation, naturally reserved, whose pride, modesty, and reticence lme all combined to make them deficient in those ready forms of speech which a Frenchman, for example, has always at command. There is a fund of conversational power somewhere about the Englishmen, but he cannot always draw upon it at once ; and the weather comes in as a kind of ready change which can be used unti[ something better is forthcoming. This habit of making the weather the first topio of discourse we have brought from the mother-country to this far-off land. We are quite as much inclined as our English cousins to tell our friends when wo meet them what must be as obvious to them as it is to us— that it is a fine day, or very hot, or frightfully dusty, or that we have had a splendid rain. This latter statement, when it a warranted by fact, means something more than a mere introduc tion to more important conversation. It carries with it the idea of thankfulness and congratulation. To tell a friend that it is ' a fine day' may mean nothing ; but to tell him that we have bad a 'magnificent rain' is something like taking wine with a neighbour at dinner— it gives both pleasure. We hope, 'herefore, we shall be excuied if we remind -ur readers that we have had some genial bowers, because we intend something more ihan simply to state a fact which they know as well as ourselves. We congratulate them and rejoice with them on the fact that seasonable raics have fallen, aad that these rains have been somewhat general. For several weeks past our columns have been crowded with complaints of the long continued drought, and of the suffering endured by man and beast in consequence. In the Far North the state «L things has been deplorable, and at Wallaroo our readers know that mothers have had to give their children beer and colonial wine instead of water ; and one mer ciful man was so merciful to his korse as to give him several quarts of beer, which the sagacious animal 'drank like a Christian,' and then went on his way rejoicing. Had the drought continued much longer it is difficult to estimate the amount of misery which would have resulted from it ; but the fruitful showers have come at last, and the complaints and forebodings of many have given place to expressions of thankfulnes and delight. From almost all quarters we receive the welcome intelligence that pleasant rains have fallen, and that the much- tried and much enduring farmers are actively at work pre paring the land for the reception of the seed. Within. the next few days there will be a large amount'of work done on the farm, which we may hope will yield its proper profit in an abundant harvest Rain is always welcome in this thirsty land. Whenever it comes it brings a blessing with it. In several of the country districts, indeed, it is attended with some inconvenience. After a few heavy showers the roads are rendered almost impassable. Bat that is an evil which we may fairly anticipate will grow less every year. We are promised very shortly a grand Road Bui which the Government havebeencdncocting,and which is to give ?satisfaction to all and sundry. Power has already been obtained to borrow a Donsiderable sum, to be spent in the construc tion of roads, and with the large increase to the revenue which is expected from the Crown lands the Government will be able to spare a handsome sum yearly for construction and maintenance. Meanwhile the inconvenience suffered by the agriculturists from the wretched roads which in so many instance! surround tteir farms is very serious. It is the one draw back to tbe pleasure which copious showers afford. An important question ia connection with this subject must before long force itself upon the attention of the Government. A great deal of the rain which now falls is wasted for all practical purposes. It is carried off the land, and is lost. If some means were adopted foe storing this precious element in various parts of the colony, which we should think might be done without necessitating an unreasonable expenditure, much suffering in dry seasons like that which we have juit had would be prevented. Ic has long been felt by many persons that the Australian Colonies will never attain their full measure of prosperity until something of tbis kind be attempted. Suppose that a large portion of the rain which fell on Yorke's Peninsula last year had been stored in properly conBtructcS reservoirs, tbe inconvenience and Buffering which the people at Waliaroo, Kidina, and Moonta have had to bear during tbe last few weeks would havo been prevented. In a country where the rainfall is comparatively small we cannot afford to waste that which with a littla forethought and a moderate ex* penditure might be saved for future use. It is aaid that South Australia is subject to periodical droughts which visit us every few years with more or less of ragularity, and we have just pasted through one of these trying seasons. Happily it ia gone, and we trust that the clouds — always welcome, but never more so than now — have travelled with their treasures to the Far North, and cheered tbe hearts and encouraged the hopes of the settlers there. Already tha country around Adelaide is showing tha benefit it has received from the recent rainfall. The brown parched earth is being rapidly covered with verdure. The husbandmen are busy in their field;, and the whole of the community will doubt lees soon share in the blessings which the farmers now enjoy. Provisions are unusually dear. Butchers* meat has risen considerably in price, and is still rising. Hone feed is also very dear. And the rise in prices must be felt in a large number of families. But now thnt the winter rains have set in, we may fairly expect that provisions will be reduced to a more reasonable rate. Feed for sheep and cattle will become more plentiful, so that the advantage which comes in the first instance to the farmer will sooner or later find its way to the whole community. Though we have had, in connection with refreshing Bhowers, a violent storm, which has dore much injury both to life and property, and which is therefore deeply to be deplored, there is still cause 'for thankfulness that the lorg continued drought has passed away, and that over a large part of the settled country genial rains have fallen. Though, then, we may be laughed at occasionally in the frequent recurrence of the weather in onr conversation, we hope it will be admitted that at the present time, at least, we have a right to talk of it. So much de pends on the quantity of rain which falls at thia season that some amount of anxiety may be pardoned when the showers are withheld, and a large amount of rejoicing be permitted when they come down copiously. THE LATE MR. ALEXANDER BUCHANAN.— We regret having to record to-day the death of Mr. A. Buchanan, of Anlaby, who died on Sunday morning, at his residence, after a short illness. This gentleman, who was known to a very large number of our readers, was a native of Scotland, where he received a sound education. In early life he entered a merchant's office, and lived for several years in the West Indies. He afterwards emi grated to Australia, and in New South Wales made the acquaintance of Mr. F. H. Dutton, whom he accompanied overland with stock upwards of 20 years ago, and had since remained in the service of that gentleman. Up to the period of his death his sound judgment and general abilities were during this time constantly displayed, and he assisted Mr. Dutton in forming the establishment for the breeding of sheep which has made Anlaby cele brated in the wool market of the world. On Mr. Dutton's departure to England, in 1853, he confided the entire management of his property to Mr. Buchanan, with what success is known to the colonists generally. Mr. Buchanan had the rare art of attaching to himself faithful servants by his kindly disposition and liberal character, for few of them ever quitted his employment. By his judgment the estate, which was recently a mere sheeprun, has now become a landed property of great extent and value. Mr. Buchanan was a man of unobtrusive, simple character, and for many years he attended simply to his duties as superintendent of the estate. As a Magistrate, however, he has discharged his functions zealously and to the advantage of his fellow-colonists. He was generally looked up to as a friend and adviser who was always to be relied upon. During the last two years his health has not been good, and he overheated himself recently, on occasion of a sale of land, in coming to town and making a considerable purchase. On his return home he was attacked with symptoms of typhoid fever, under which he eventually succumbed, notwithstanding the untiring efforts of Dr. Tallis and Dr. Moore. Mr. Buchanan leaves a widow and young family. His eldest son, aged about 17, has for the past two years received his education in Glasgow, but intends returning to the colony at the close of the present year. Mr. Buchanan's loss will be severely felt by a large circle of friends. Indeed, it may be said of him that he discharged all his duties without making a single enemy. He died at the comparatively early age of 54. His interment, we understand, will take place to-morrow, at Kapunda, at 1 o'clock. Queen's Bibthdat.— It |will be seen from a notice in our advertising columns that volunteers who have received the new uniform are expected to attend In front of the Armoury at 11 a.m. on Wednesday next, the [Queen's Birthday, for the purpose of firing a royal salute, feu dejoie, &c.; Railway Management.— We understand that the sum of £575 has been paid to Mr. C. S. Hare as compensation for loss of the office of Manager of Railways. the JioMAir Catholic Cemetebt.— It is stated that a very offensive odour was perceptible in the £oman Catholic Cemetery on Sunday. It is to be hoped, for the sake of the public health, that all proper precautions will be taken to' prevent con tamination of the air we breathe by exhalations from the mouldering remains of those who have done with this life. Lectubb on Phrenology.— It will be seen by advertisement that Mr. A. S. Hamilton will deliver a lecture this evening at the old City Council Chamber. King William- street. The New Road Bill.— The Secretary of the Associated District Chairmen has, we understand, taken prompt action in the matter, and called a meeting of District Chairmen at the Norfolk Arm*, on the 31st instant. We understand the Commis sioner of Public Works, who has the conduct of the Bill through the House, has forwarded copies to all District Councils, so a large meeting may be expected. Victorian Land Act.— In cur . advertising columns will be found a comprehensive advertise ment issued by Mr. Grant, Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey in Victoria, with reference to the first, second, and third series of agricultural areas open for selection and leasing under the amending Act of the present year. Full particulars are given of the position and extent of the areas, and information as to the time and mode in which intending selectors or lessees may secure portions of them are supplied. ? Dinner to Messrs. Kingston and Bright.— A complimentary dinner will be given this evening at Willaston to Messrs. Kingston and Bright, the representatives of Stanley in the House of Assembly. In the afternoon the foun dation-stone of the Willastoa Schoolroom will be laid. South Australian Assembly RooMS.'^We believe the arrangments for a grand ball at the above rooms on the evening of the 24th have been completed, and that a very gay affair is certain to be the result Already a large number of tickets have been taken up, many volunteers being deter mined to have some dancing in the evening if they have no marching and counter- marching during the day. The room will be tastefully decorated, and Chapman's Band will dispense inspiriting, strains to the fair and gallant Terpsichore. The Flood at the Port.— Meeting to Adopt a Rate.— A meeting of the ratepayers of the Cor poration of Port Adelaide, convened by the Mayor in compliance witn a requisition Irom the Inunda tion Committee, was he'.d on Friday evening. May 19\. at the Exchange HoteL The object was to obtain the sanction of the citizens for a special rate to be levied for the purpose of making up the embankments. His Worship having been voted to the chair, explained the nature of the meeting, and took occasion to call attention to a letter which appeared in the Advertiser of Friday, signed by Mr. R. B. Colley, as Secretary to the Portland Company, and which he said was contrary to facts, as it would lead people to believe that had the Cor poration not removed some 60 tons of silt from the river bank the inundation would not have taken place. He stated that the Committee ap pointed at the public meeting on Monday had forwarded a memorial to the Government, the substance of which was that, in the event of a special rate being adopted, that the Government should subsidize it to the extent of £5,000. He remarked that it was a question of the public good, and not simply forithe benefit of private individuals. It was a sad time to impose a rate, as the loss would fall on those who were least able to pay it; but unless they helped themselves they could not reasonably expect assistance from Go vernment, and the Eelief Committee would step in and assist those who might, in consequence of the flood, be unable to pay. Mr. T. J. King spoke of the necessity of immediate action, and he had reason to believe that the Government would supplement the amount if a special rate were adopted. He moved — ' That a special rate of one shilling in the pound upon the assessment be now made or authorized for the purpose of raising the banks so as to prevent further inundations.' Mr. F. Eeynolds seconded. He said he could see no alternative, for, although he was a heavy sufierer by the flood, the Govern merit would do nothing unless they helped themselves' Mr. P, Hains said he should demand a poll. He did not object to the rate, but he thought the meeting was not sufficiently large. An irrevulant discussion and much interruption followed. Mr. Dempster thought it would be doing the Port a great injury if the rats was not agreed to. He called attention to the notice of motion given by Mr. Hart in the House of Assembly, and said that if it were carried it would be an everlasting benefit to the Port. More interruption and confusion occurred, in the course of which several Corjiora tion matters were discussed. Mr. J. M. Sinclair thought it would be time enough to make a rate when it was known what the Government intended to do. After considerable discussion, in the course of which the Chairman said it was the duty of the Corporation, if the funds were raised, to make up the ilinories and Leadenhall-street to a proper level, Mr. Bickers said, as a member of the Marine Board, he had tabled a motion that no silt should be sold or given to any one else until the banks were ihoroushly repaired. On the Chairman putting che proposition five hands only were held up against it. Mr. J. Hains proposed, and Mr. J. Lindsay seconded, 'That the Corporation of Port Adelaide be requested zo carry out the recommen dation of this meeting at the earliest possible period.' ThL'i also was carried, and a vote of thanks to the Chairman terminated a very up. roarioua meeting. ARCHERY. — The champion meeting of the Ade- laide Archery Club was held on the College grounds on Saturday, May 20. The afternoon was beautifully fine, and the ground presented an animated appearance, there being a good number of ladies and gentlemen present, including the Lady President (Lady Daly), the Hon. Attorney-General, and others. Shooting commenced shortly before 2 o'clock, and was continued until 3, when an interval occurred for luncheon. The competition was resumed until 5, when the shooting was concluded. There were five prize — a Champion Ladies' and Gentlemen's Prize, two Season Prizes, and one for a member not having before taken a prize. The Ladies' Champion Prize— a gold brooch — was won by Miss Caroline Daly with a score of 209 ; the Gentlemen's - a gold watch guard — by Mr. W. S. M. Hutton, who scored 118 ; the Ladies' Season Prize — a necklace— was taken by Miss Young with a score of 544, counting reds and golds only. The Gentlemen's Season Prize - a gold locket — would have been carried off by Mr. Hutton, but he was disqualified through taking the Champion Prize and it consequently went to Mr. John Young, who scored 287. The last prize - a book illustrated with photographs - for any one not having before taken a prize, was won by Miss Colley with a score of 49. The Captain, Mr. E. T. Wildman, then announced that that meeting concluded the present season. Cheers having been given for Lady Daly and the Captain, the company dispersed. A brass band was on the ground and enlivened the proceedings during the afternoon. Criminal Sittings. -The prisoners found guilty at the recent sittings on the criminal side of the Supreme Court will be brought up for sen tence this morning. Adelaide Police Court.— On Saturday one case only come before His Worship-for making use of obscene language in King William-street, in which the defendant was fined 10s. The Christy Mi.vsTRixs.-The second enter tainment of this company in Adelaide, was given oa Saturday evening to a capital house. There was variety enough in the programme to suit all tastes, and none but an unreasonable critic could fail to hate been satisfied with some part of the performance or other. The most noticeable fea tures were perhaps the singing and execution of Signor Abecco. Two songs were sung by him during the evening, and the applause which re warded his efforts was in both instances rapturous. The Signor possesses a rich powerful tenor, and seems to tlirow his whole soul into the music. He appears, moreover, to be a complete master of the harp, the instrument to which he confines himself. It3 strings under his manipulation discourse melody soft and sweet, and its tones descend to that point where it is difficult to discriminate 'twixt them and silence. Messrs. Kayner and Herberte are singers of no mean order, and the bidding of the voices of the company in rendering the chorus of some of the songs produced an ad nirable effect Joe Brown appears to advantage in his threefold character of dancer, comic singer, ani drolL The 'Mississippi Lyrics, Song and Dince,' drew down.artonn of applause, which wis only arrested by his reappearance on the stage an I both as to duration and difficulty of execution hi3 Prize Silver-Belt Jig h a truly extraordi nuy specimen of locomotion. 'The Kochester Knockers, or a Night with the Ghost,' forms a Iulicroustravestie on spiritual manifestations in general, ana me laugnter provoked by the actors in it was loud and hearty. Mr. W. P. Collins phyed ' Home, sweet home,' on a curious piece of mechanism, Btyled a Japan fiddle, with one string, and received the plaudits of the audience. The 'Cuckoo Solo' on the violin was also skil fully produced by] Mr. La Feuillode. In the 'Burlesque Italian Opera,' which closed the amusements of the evening, Mdlle. OyBter Patti was successfully personated by Mr. Collins, and his four assistants also threw the proper degree of comicality into the performance. The singing connected with it, which consisted of some of the best airs from 'H Trpvatore' and other operas, was likewise very good. The entertainment con. eluded about 10 o'clock, and it will he repeated this evening. On Thursday a moiety of the pro ceeds of the entertainment will be devoted to the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the inunda tion at the Port. VICTORIA THEATRE.-There was a brilliant at tendance in the boxes and dress circle at the per formance, by His Excellency's command, on Satur. day evening, and the other parts of the house were densely crowded. His Excellency was attended by Mr. J. G. Daly, and accompanied by the Chief Secretary and other gentlemen of the civil service. Upon the entrance of the Viceregal party the orchestra struck up, as is usual upon such occa sions, the National]Authem,but for a few moments this mark of respect to the Sovereign was lost in the three stentorian cheers which evidenced the popularity of her representative. The Irish drama 'The Peep 0' Day,' was well played; the actws evidently vieing with each other to give force to its exciting scenes and sensational effects. Mr. O'Neil was, of course, the lion of the piece, and most successfully did he maintain his eminence as a laugh-compeller. The intensely humorous farce of ' The Limerick Boy'' concluded a very superior entertainment. There will be a new piece pro vided on Monday evening, and we understand that the management is in treaty with Lady Don, and that in all probability that accomplished ballad singer and queen of extravaganzists will shortly appear in Adelaide. Theatrical.— A Melbourne paper says:— 'On looking over our English files we find several items of theatrical intelligence likely to interest the Australian reader. Mr. G. V. Brooke has played aiuABHim cugugujcuui at jjuinines ana wnite haven. The sisters Carry and Sarah Nelson were playing in burlesque at the Princess's Theatre. Edinburgh. At the Prince of Wales Theatre, Birmingham. Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Holt have appeared with success in legitimate drama and lugh-chiss melodrama. Mr. Barlow, of 'blue- tail'd fly' renown, was immensely attractive at the Philharmonic Hall, Islington. In the London Era of 12th March the following announcement appears:— 'Miss Marriott, the favourite tragedi enne, has, we understand, been mode, through Mr. E. T. Smith, an offer by one of the Australian managers to visit the Antipodes. The offer must be a large one should it induce this talented artiste to leave the old world for the new.' ' A Collision.— On Saturday evening, about 10 o'clock, a two-horse omnibus driven by Mr. F. Deghardt, proceeding towards Kensington, was met by a spring-cart driven by Mr. Puplett, and a collision ensued. The shaft of the latter entered the shoulder of one of the omnibus horses, inflic ting a wound from which the blood flowed pro fusely. A crowd of persons were speedily collected to the spot, and the injured animal was removed. Illustrated Papers.— The Melbourne illus trated papers this month are better than usual in many respects, though it is unfortunate that so much prominence should have to be given to bushrangers and bushranging. Several of the engravings are from South Australian scenes, and, amongst other subjects, the Post has a good picture of the railway accident on the Port line The upset carriages and tbe excited passengers are carefully given, and the surrounding country is well sketched. Accompanying the engraving is the statement that it is 'from a sketch taken on the spot by His Excellency's Aide-decamp, Domimck Daniel Daly, Esq.' Ashwell Farmers' Club.— There was a largely attended and influential meeting of farmers at the Freeling Hotel on the 17th instant. The object of the meeting was to devise, if possible, and recommend some means to alter the present system, by which the Iand3 available for agricul ture are rapidly passing into the possession of the squatters and land agents. Mr. James Har/ey was called to the chair. The subject was discussed, together with other matters interesting to the agricultural iuteresL Ihe principal result of the meeting was a unanimous resolution to establish a Farmers' Club. The gentlemen present entered their names 83 members, and subscribed to a fund to meet the preliminary exoenses. The Chairman of the meeting was appointed Treasurer of the Club, and undertook to write to Mr. T. Hogarth, requesting him to read a paper at the next meeting, on the 7th June. As there will l-e moonlight at that date, a hope wan generally expressed that all farmers resident near Freeling will attend the Club meeting, and assist in all legal efforts to prevent the good land and water within available distances passing into the hands of capitalists and (specu lators. Wallaroo.— We take the following items df new3 from the Wallaroo Time*:— ' We are glad to state that the damage done to the jetty by the high tide on Friday last has been repaired. The work was only commenced on Monday morning, as the weather was too unsettled to b:pin it sooner. Many tons of earthwork have been tilled in, and some substantial timbering has also been drove. As the whole has been completed in two days it may be considered a very expeditious piece of work. 'There h a famine of horeefecd in the district. For the last four days, we are informed, there has not been a pound of chaff procurable either at Mconta or in Wallaroo. Parties at the present time would Iw willing to give as much as £15 a ton for chaf. The majority of teamsters are thrown oat ot employment through want of fodder for their horses. The Ios3 of a lame quantity of horsefeed by the wreck of the San Miguel has had much to do with causing the pre^nt scarcity; although, had that accident not occurred, horse feed, we are assured, would still have been by no means plentiful. 'The prolonged tempestuous weather termi nated on Sunday last The effects of the gale are visible for miles along the coast, the features of which are in some places strikingly changed; and which is here and there strewn with waifs of the ocean. Much of the San Miguel chalT, bran spars, and timber-work has been Hashed ashore oil the Tipara coast, while a few articles from the vessel have been picked up in Wallaroo Boy.' Eust in Wheat.— The Egyptian concludes an article on 'Rust in Wheat'1 with the following extract from an American essay on the same sub ject. It contains a hint worthy of trial, at least on a small scale:— 'In 18G2 I had a large field seriously affected by rust, and, having read in the Genessee Farmer the necessity of early cutting, I put a hand-cradle to work and left; was absent a few days, and on my return found my hand had only cut a few dozen of sheavea, avowing that it was bo green he knew it would be worthless. I then procured hands and had the field cut, but too late for more than half a crop, while the portion cut at first was plump, and had well-filled grains,' 