TIlE BURIAL OF DOOTI. The following description of the removal of Booth's body, and its burial, is given by 1 the correspondent of the New York World: "Just at the doctor's coming Booth had i asked to have his hands raised and shown - him. They were so paralysed that he did not know their location. When they were dis played he muttered, with a sad lethargy, ''Useless-useless.' These words were the last he ever uttered. As he began to die the sun rose and threw beams into all the tree- I tops. It was of a man's height when the f struggle of death twitched and fingered in the lading bravo's face. His jaw dropped spas- I mnodically and obliquely downward; his eye balls rolled towards his feet, and began to swell; lividness, like a horrible shadow, I fastened upon him, and with a sort of gurgle, and sudden check, he stretched his feet and threw his head back and gave up the ghost. They sewed him up in a saddle blanket. This was his shroud-too like a soldier's. i Ilarrold, meantime, had been tied to a tree. but was now released for the march. Colonel Conger pushed on immediately for Washing ton; the cortege was to follow. Booth's only arms were his carbine, knife, and two i revolvers. They found about him bills of exchange, Canada money, and a diary. A venerable old negro living in the neighbor hood had the misfortune to possess a horse. This horse was a relic of former generations, and showed by his protruding ribs the general leanness of the land. lie moved in an eceen tric amble, and when put upon his speed was generallyr run backward. To this old negro's horse was harnessed a very shaky and absurd waggon, which rattled like approaching dis solution, and each part of it ran without any connexion or correspondence with any other part. It had no tailboard, and its shafts were sharp as famine, and into this mimicry of a vehicle the murderer was sent to the Potomac iliver, while the man he had murdered was moving in state across the mourning conti anent. The old negro geared up his waggon by means of a set of fossil harness, and when it was backed to Garrett's porch they laid within it the discoloured corpse. The corpse was tied with ropes around the legs, and nade fast to the waggon sides. Ilarrold's legs were tied to stirrups, and lie was placed in the centre ot four murderous-looking I cavalrymen. The two sons of Garrett were I also taken along, despite the sobs and peti tions of the old folks and women; but the rebel captain who had given Booth a lift got r off amid the night's agitations, and was not r re-arrested. So moved the cavalcade of re- I tribution, with death in its midst, along the I road to Port Ifoyal. When the waggon started, BoothaJ wound, till now scarcely I dribbling, began to run anew. It fell through the crack of the waggon, and fell dripping upon the axle, and spoting the road with terrible wafers. It stained the planks, and soaked the blankets; and the old negro, at a stoppage, dabbled his hands in it by mis take. He drew back instantly with a shud der and stiled expletive. 'Gor-r-r, dat'll never come off in de world; it's murderer's blood. He wrung his hands, and looked im f ploringly at the of5cers, and shuddered again: "Gor-r-r I wouldn't have dat on me for tonsand, tousand dollars.' The progress of the team was slow, with frequent danger of shipwreck altogether, but towards noon the cortege filed through Port Royal, where the citizens came out to ask the matter, and why a man's body covered with sombre blankets was going by with so great an escort. They were told that it was a wounded Con federate, and so held their tongues. The little ferry, again in requisition, took them over by squads; and they pushed from Port Conway to Belle Plain, which they reached in the middle of the afternoon. All the way the blood dribbled from the corpse in a slow, incessant, sanguine exudation. Theoldnegro was niggardly dismissed with two paper dollars. The dead man unti-d and cast upon the vessel's deck, steam gotten up in a little while, and the broad Potomac bshores saw this skeleton ship flit by, as the bloody sun threw flashes and blots of unhealthy light elong the silver surface. All the way associate with the carcass went Hlarrold, shod dering in so grim companionship, and in the awakened fears of his own approaching or deal, beyond which it loomed already, the gossamer fabric of a scaffold. He tried to talk for his own exoneration, saying be had ridden, as was his wont, beyond the East Branch, and returning, found Booth wounded, who begged him to be his companion. Of his crime he knew nothing, so help him God, &c.; But nobody listened to him. All in terest of crime, courage, and retribution cen tered in the dead flesh at his feet. At Wash ington, high and low turned out to look on Booth. Only a few were permitted to see his corpse for purposes of recognition. It was fairly preserved, though on one side of the face distorted, and looking blue like death, and wildly, bandit-like, as if beaten by avenging winds. Yesterday the Secretary of War, without instructions of any kind, com mitted to Colonel Lafayette C. Baker, of the secret service, the stark corpse of J. Wilkes Booth. The secret service never fulfilled its volition more secretively. ' What have you done with the body? said 1 to Baker. 'That is known,' he answered ' to only one man living besides myself. It is gone. I will not tell you where. The only man who knows is sworn to silence. Never till the great trumpeter comes shall the grave of Booth be discovered. And this is true. Last night the 27th of April, a small rowboat received the carcase of the murderer; two men were in it; they carried the body off into the dark ness, and out of that darkness it will never return. In the darkness, like hi' great crime, may it remain for ever, impalpable, invisible, nondescript, condemned to that worse than damnation- annihilation. The river bottom may ooze about it, laden with great shot and drowning manacles. The earth may have opened to give it that silence and forgiveness which man will never give its memory. The fishes may swim round it, or the daises grow white ubout it; but we shall never know. Mysterious incomprehension, unattainable, like the dim times through which we live and think upon as if we only dreamnt themn in per turbed fever, the assassin of a nation's head rests somewhere in the elements, and that is all ; ibst if the indignant seas or the profaned turf shall ever vomit this corpse from their recesses, and it receives human or Christian burial tromrn some who do not recognise it, let the last words those decayinglips ever uttered be carved above them with a dagger, to tell the history of a young and once promising life-useless I useless !" A MAurMowrmA, SEKSATION Ir PARIS.--M. Zero, a married man, received one morning the following note:-"If your heart is free, and you have as much sentiment as yov have wit, enter a carriage which at nine p.m. to morrow will be waiting close to your house. You will say to the servant " Fortune;" he will reply "Mystery." If you do not come, it will be because there exists a woman happy enough to possess your affection, l'shall envy her, but hate neither her nor yourself. Nothing is stronger than constant love even if nothing is so delicious as a fleeting fancy. i -GAsarI.LL."--M. Zero read the letter, smiled, and did-what do you think M. Zero did? What would you have done? Got into the carriage, perhaps, and been lost to respectable society for ever. DI. Zero did get into a carriage, but he drove direct to the head of the police. When at "9 p.m." the carriags stopped close to the door, it was immediately challenged, "Qui vala?"-"Fortune." "Et ]e contre-signe ?"-" tlystere." " Passe Mystere, et tout va bien." Then a gentle man got into the carriage, where the veiled lady was seated, and told the coachman to drive to the nearest "poste," in plain Eng lish, police-station, and there the Belle Gabrielle passed the night. But the oddest thing was that the Belle Gabrielle seemed rather to like it than otherwise. The key to this enigma is that Made. Zero was jealons. AM. Z. detected her hand writing though dis guised, had her taken up for an attempt to disturb conjugal happiness, and so delighted hIis wife, and revenged himself at the same time. 