ITER3S OF NEWS. The Alpha Company is not by any means making -' a bad show." The result bf the last two weeks' work was Sooz 18dwts of retorted gold, making a total of 167oz 18dwt, during the eight weeks that the Company has been in ope ration. / ; / i ? Hawortk and party obtained Sinz gold from a crushing of eight loads) of cement and. four loads of tailings, from the Forty Foot Hill. They have arranged for a further, crushing /of 100 loads, and are very sanguine of their prospects. YV 6 understand they .have got . a grant of- five acres, which they/ purpose working ;; ener getically. . / m Not long ago a few Chinese purchased some, puddling claims in Wattle Gully, which have since turned out well. As - au instance, .bim party of men last week obtained 22oz 2dwts ot gold as the result of a washing off from a week's work. The Theatre was again well filled last/night, especially in the pit and , stalls. Iiucretia Borgia was repeated, and was well received, horrible though its incidents decidedly are. Pablo Fanque filled up the hiatus between the two pieces with an exhibition of his marvellous feats on the rope, and, as usual, met with. an en thusiastic reception. The laughable burlesque of the Bride, of Abydos concluded the perform ances, but as we have already given our opinion of this ludicrous conception, it is not necessary to repeat the praise that has been bestowed on the manner of its representation. . A special meeting of the Castlemaine Baud of Hope was held yesterday afternoon in; the ball of the Mechanics'Tnstitute, in order to give the Fife and Drum Band, which has lately been formed in connexion with the Society, an oppor tunity of showing what proficiency they had made. In the afternoon, the members of the hand, 24 in number, and who all belong to the Society, met' at the chapel of the Bible Chris tians, with the other members of the- Baud of Hope, and after perambulating the principal streets of the township went to the place above- named, where there was also a large attendance of the friends of the Society and the public generally. Mr S. JCelsall occupied the chair, and the meeting was appropriately addressed by Messrs Leech, Baty, Pick, Upson, and other gentlemen favorable to the cause. Between the speeches the band performed, and several recita tions were given by the children. The band bus been organised only three months, and tne manner of the performance reflects credit on Mr Piesing; the bandmaster. The efforts of the youthful and. almost tyro musicians were loudly applauded; The Band of. Hope is, we believe in a very flourishing state, having about a hundred members. A moonlight parade of the Volunteer Corps took place last evening. Between 70 and SO ot the men fell into the ranks, which, considering the unsettled weather, was a very good muster. Another parade takes place to- morrow at half- past five, p.m. After the parade; there will be I a. meeting of the members of the corps in re- ference to uniform. ! The result of the dog poisoning in Oastle- ! maine would seem to be causing a poisoning | mania in the district. A ' person living iat i Golden Point has had two pigs poisoned. One ; of the animals died on the day, indeed almost within the hour it was to have beeu killed for domestic use, and we learn that , others of the porcine race have become victims of those with the proclivities of the Borgias. Yi'e trust that the endeavors of the police will be successful in bringing to justice the perpetrators of such in jury to their neighbors as the wholesale destruc tion of their live stock. The offence in law is a serious one, and should be visited with severe punishment. : .V ' By our report of the proceedings of theNew- steadshire Council, it will be seen that a debtor and creditor account of the East Riding of the Shire was submitted. Judging from it, and it must be presumed to be correct, the inhabitants of/, Guildford have certainly no- cause of com- ; plaint on the score of not receiving a fair share of the funds of the district, while as a Road Board or Shire. ) At the present juncture, the publication- of the statement . referred to cannot fail to have.aii influence on. those -whose .minds are nowfocclipied on the question 'of separating Guildford from Newsteadshire, and proclaiming it a borough. /; The almost, sultry weather which prevailed at the close of last week, has been .followed ;by. the heaviest downfall of rain which has occurred since the -setting in of the wet season. The ; miners and others began to fear that a scarcity of water would be felt even before the summer had began. Happily, all fear on this score has been removed, and the hearts of all have .been1 made glad by the acceptable copious shovrers., The puddlers' dams have been replenished, and the watercourses have been made to run. Some damage lias, been done by the filling up of claims for instance at Campbell's Creek the immense; excavation made in the creek-bed by the Chi nese, has been flooded in -consequence of; the embankment; being washed away, and similar casualties have occurred 'elsewhere ; but, on the whole, less mischief has arisen than by; tthe floods of former years. The roads throughj the bush have been reduced to a: fearful state, and in some places are almost impassable. The river Loddon ran very high yesterday morning,! but we have not heard of any injury having -been; done by it. ; " ' / ' A fatal accident occurred on Sunday afternoonj to a boy aged five years/ the son of a miner named Crawl, residing at Moonlight /Flit. , Lt; appears that the little fellow returned /home; from the 'Sabbath /scliool and gave his inother! his books/ and )was; told by her :to/go to hisj .father, who was .iu the house.-, lii about five; minutes afterwards the mother, who Bias in; the; garden when taking the books, went . into tlie house/and seeing that he was not .there, called; for him outside, thinking; he had gone out with; the other children. In about two. hours after- ; wards a Mr Baby found the boy in a waterliolej thirty feet distant from where the mother, had j last seen him. - The hole was four feet deep, and; Ifull of water. An inquest was held oh the body | -yesterday, and a verdict returned that death j arose from accidental drowning. Y j /.During the reading of the. out ward correspoh-; dence at the Newsteadshire Council, of yester-j day, we observed that orders had been issued to! the Shire Revenue Inspectornot to enforce the j law against those who, being licensed- under tlie? Wines, Beer, and Spirits Statute; Ttraded: on; Sunday. It has long been found that it is alto-; getker impossible to carry out the1 .strict provi-; sions of the law in this respect," and . fckb Council; while openly eonniviug, . if we may so speak,! have only done that which is everywhere winked at, and have acted prudently in nofc allowing theirlnspector to become unnecessarily obnoxious, Dr Preshaw, the District Coroner, held an inquest yesterday on the body of the Chinaman whoso sudden death in the Chinese Camp on Sunday we recorded in our previous issue. The medical testimony of Dr M'Gratk showed that death arose from water in the pericardium, and a verdict to that effect was returned. An in quest was also held yesterday on the body ot a male infant, whose parents, named J aoques, re side at Camp Hill. From the evidence of Mrs Tasker, a nurse, it appeared that ou Sunday afternoon Mrs Jacques was taken ill, aud at fire o'clock gave birth to the child, which )"CT'as cr>1'/. vulsed, but otherwise right. At jlo. o clockjthe nurse went home, but, on returning at 7 o clpck. yesterday morning, Mrs Jacques told the mo they she thought the child was dead, and an exami nation proved that it was so. Dr Hutckisqn,, who examined the body, expressed his opinion that the child died c from imperfect respiration,- < caused by some internal malformation or con gestion of the lungs. A verdict in accordance with the medical testimony was returned. ; / We understand that- the pointer. ; dpg which was poisoned the other day, and about whicji so many- inquiries -.have beenr made, has bpen identified as the property br®aMrs Allan, ;tqe wife of Charles Allan, who resides- in, the neigkr bbfhood of Castleinaiiie. ! It' is' 'said that the reason the- ownership of the dog was not ad mitted before is, that Mrs Allan had failed to register him, and was, afraid of-the.consequeuces. It is most , probable tlikjt a-jirosecution will be; at once instituted against a gersoii who is generally siispeoted of causing the deaths of numerous dogs lately by poison. Under tke; beading of "'Attempted: Murder,- ; the W arrnambool Sentinel gives. the following particulars - of a most brutal- - assault': — Mr , John: Reidy, j un), „ the/ mfftstey ofg the; dPii/bim .Qbmipqi/SphobJ,, fine promising a&|i||elhgeii't young man, very generally respected by all who knew him, was the victim of ( a most cruel and and murderous attack by a, fiend iu' human form named Huglu M'Kenna, -oh Friday afternoon last. It appears that after school had finished/ the .master returned for t he purpose of writing, when he was joined by a young girl to whom he' waslpaying attentions/ which appear not tp have /been acceptable to her uncle, the said/Hugh' M'ELenna, for after .the pair ;had been a short time, together, furious demands were suddenly made from the outside for admission by the uncle, but lliey, mistrusting his intentions, re fused' him admission, which, however, lie forth with obtained by bursting in a window, and the lonely sehoolhouse was soon the scene of a frightful butchery ; the ruffian attacked the de fenceless young1. man with a large piece ot wood, and in spite of the screams of. the terrified girl, beat him about the head and over' the body, until he left him.fpr dead, weltering in his blood. Notwithstanding his dreadful iujuries, poor Reidy sufficiently recovered to be able to crawl homewards,. some. two miles distant, assisted by1 his faithful- sweetheart-, .who, endowed vyviijh' .almost-supernatural strength for the time, car ried him most of the way herself. Dr Boyd has been most assiduously in attendance, since, but from, the severe, injuries of the skull, which is fractured in several, places;, there, is. very littlo hope of recovery. The brutal assailant has hitherto baffled the efforts of the police fo appre hend him." The above is a fullef account of the 'matter which- was referred to in a paragraph1 published in our Saturday 's issue. ; The Mercury speaks , of a new industry at Daylesford : — We are very pleased to learn (says our contemporary) that in addition to our gold yields, our flagging quarries; our farm and agri cultural products, we shall ere.long.be in a posi tion to offer to the colony a sample , of Dayles ford Roofing Slate, a quarry of this article hav ing been discovered in Middleton's Creek, by a resident of this town. The thickness of the.reef at present explored is 56 feet, and is dipping fast. The 'samples' taken out are of a very- pale color, but showing a good grain.; The;slate, however, as it dips is both. darkening .in color and becom ing much more brittle. The grain of the slate is exceedingly .good, and the splitting and dressing of it are attended with no difficulty. A number of slates taken from the reef, at 7 feet from the surface have been submitted to the inspection of several' gentlemen in; the metropolis; and a una.- nimous expression of satisfaction was given by them of its worth .and adaptability; -for building purposes. The importance.of this discovery can not be over- estimated, ; and we trust that the necessary .material ;for the formation of the com- pany, will soon-be forthcoming, so that little time will be lost ini commencing active operalions. Not only. in Daylesford, but: all over the colony; markets will be found for this useful class of article, it being far superior for roofing purposes to either iron or shingles; From the body of reef at present discovered the projectors antici pate they will have ample resources for supply ing the slates in almost unlimited quantity, and of course at reasonable rates. There will be no difficulty in the cartage of the slates, as . the quarry adjoins a; good road both to Daylesford and Castlemaine. , Samples of the slate can be seen on application to Mr Robinsonl ; The Daylesford Mercury has the following paragraph touching the 'murder of Mrs Graham : —An enthusiastic believer in David Young's innocence has been instituting an enquiry on his own account into several of the circumstances that formed the chief links in' the evidence against Young, and has informed us ,of the re suit in some.instances.and is perhaps rather startling.While questioning Mr Cheeseborough, he. casually elicited from that witness tlhat he (witness) had remarked that Young was of dirty habits, that he did not attempt to wash himself at all while with Mr' C.; that , he wore the :same clothes on Thursday, the day after the murder, as he wore.on Wednesday, . that his hands on Thursday were apparent covered with Wed-; nesday's dirt, and that generally he did not ap-; pear to have performed, -the slightest ablution; during those two days: 'If this was so, how did his hands get clear of the blood of Margaret Graham ? It was deposed: by witnesses at the trial that there were marks of' blood on the door' of the hut. Supposing Young to be the mu derer, how did he get rid of the blood, without betraying that he had been guilty of some at tempt at cieanliness ? Aiid, again, if he. com-; mitted the murder, what clothes did he wear,?: Those in which Mr. Cheeseborough on Wed nesday and Thursday, before and after, the mur der, or those which were dentified as his ? . The opening of>the Malrasbury. iwaterworks is ; thus mentioned b' the Eyneton Guardian irr-l " On Thursday last fifty1 or sixty persons assem-" bled in Mollison-street; Malmsbury, for the-pur-: pose of witnessing the,; forma! opening Of the! waterworks. J/ Tyson1, ' Esq., ; niaybr, ' inountedj the ladder, and, after, .expressing the pleasure it! gave him; bf /inaugurating ; "tlie opening of a; copious supply 'bf 'pure and wholesome water,; turned the cock/when a copious ' streani rushed: through jibe, standpipe: for filling . water/carts, | which' is nearly opposite the/Duke/ of' itent! Hotel. :R. i ;B.;' Tucker,- i Esq//; . jYijL.A., also! mounfod; the ladder, and hoped that' this little! scheme .was; merely £be forerunner of that mag-! nificent plan by which Castlemaine aud Band-! hurst Avpuld draw their supplies.from.the Coliban. Crs Adamson,: Shepherdson, aiid ,DaVy also ad dressed the assemblage, which , manifested con-j siderable enthusiasm, and, resolved on merri-j ment, held eaqh speaker under, the .jet as, he came/down, the ladder, iu order to inake hiiul practically conversant with the force and abund ance of the supply. We have before frequeptly ! described the works which have converted this spring into., a source of blessing to the inliabi-: tantSj, ; Our only fear is that the, supply will prove insufficient for the wants of a township increasing so rapidly as Malmsbury." The Kyueton Guardian says:— "A rumor has been very freely circulated that in the event of a dissolution of Parliament, Mr Tucker would not again stand for the Kyneton Boroughs, aud would seek a Castlemaine constituency, but we (Herald) have seen a note from that gentleman, wherein he expresses his intention of remaining by his old con stituency if they will uot desert him." (Tlie Herald, in an article on the Ballaarat election, thus "compliments" Mr Yale: — When Mr Oily Gammon had swallowed the fatal dose, which was his form of resignation— his mode of giving up a career of hypocrisy and false pretension and conscious failure— we are told that, in one moment of horrible revulsion, " ho would have given the universe to undo the dreadful act." And so, poor Mr Vale! No sooner has he parted with the irrevocable letter ; no sooner has he faced, in reality, the tearful gulf of political oblivion; no sooner hasbe heard the awful sounds— the " hissing dire "— and seen the visions of contempt and scorn that , a wait him in .the Pandemonium which., he jhas/ entered by his own act, than his hearf/fails lim. lie now discovers, when too late, ; by: what a mere: accident or fluke he found his. way; into the Legislative Assembly; everybody wonder ing, ;as at " the flies in amber/ u how»-the devil they got' -there " He feels how painful and 'suffocating it must be " to lie in cold obstruction arid) to rot.') He gasps arid writhes arid clutqhes at the 'very hope of resuscitation) arid 'he would ,giye, all the little he ever had, of tionsistehcy or commpn sense or; parochial -respectability, to get back again into the seat which : be kasjso rashly and s. hopelessly .vacated.. , He jtui-ns :to the "electors of ) West ,Ballaarat ---the .forlorn, arid;; , guilty ,-ghost, of ;;a representative, among living > men— andj? appeals.; to /them in" such thin and whining tones as the lost alone can utter. Dike , Dives, he has a few brethren in the Legislature and the Ministry/ congenial' souls, whom ; he would wish to' benefi t. But there is a great gulf now'yawriirig between him and Parliament. The case is hopeless, either for himself or a friendly emissary, arid all ufo can do now is to sit down on the verge of the pit, along.with the electors; of West Ballaarat, and listen to the pleadings and . lamentations .of the-unhappy man." . , i The Bendigo Advertiser thus mentions " Chi- nesei, commercial ;Customs " :— u A Chinese store- ; kefeper; and ;opium< seller, named- A Hit, ; residing iu .the Ironbark; encampment; "lately: -fell into ; .commercial difliculties, but iustead lot ; filing his schedule, as many of the " barbarians" would have done,' he called -oh all his creditors, both Chinese and English, to take out summonses against him fori £lic'Jsame'day, imff > he gave his reason for doing so. He had, hei said, a house and stock .worth at; least £100/ and when ver dicts would be given against him- the proceeds of the sale- could be equally divided. A Kit is the same Chinese geiuletnau who a short time ago purchased a wife from the Chinese inter- . pceteiywho had brought. over the young lady as a companion to his wife, whom he luid sent for to the Flowery Land. We did not hoar whether or not the fair Chinese, who ft seeins A Fit paid £120. for, was included in the assets he submitted to his creditors." - - The Riverine Herald; of;. Saturday mentions that on -Thursday afternoon . the stewardess ot ; the, Lady, Daly accidentally fell > Overboard into1 , the, River Murray, at Moama, and as the current was running pretty swiftly, was carried , ,it-..;. : Herqius.pun.4 rttu aft aud, plunging into the ; river, s.ivam ( tp.yards; her, .Fortunately, too, Captain Jackson, was.on board, ,and he; with Mr .Rigg, managed to fish- , the , -paiih .out,, not much ; the worse 1 for their immersion. - lb was announced from, the, altars --;.of; the Roman Catholic cjiurches in Melbourne on. Sun day, says -the Argus, that the Pope had granted a plenary indulgence " to the j faithful in. the. Catholic world " for the space of three weeks. The. conditions , necessary. to; enable the Catholics of Melbourne to participate in the Pope's dis pensation include, wi/cr.uha, a good confession, communion, a three days' fast, and the giving of alms to the Melbourne. _and Geelong Catholic Orphanages, and the Magdalen Asylum and Juvenile Reformatory at Abbotsford. . We are indebted 1.0 the Bendigo Advertiser for the following: — The 'drawing for Hobson's Monster Sweepstakes1 took place at-Moama on : - Saturday./ : For/ the three events,, sixty horses were drawn by ticket-holders iu "V ietoria, fifteen; by holders in Tasmania, thirteen by holders in New South Wales, and eleven by persons in. South Australia. We have been informed that Mr. R. .Johnson,. ofr the Freemason's .Hotel,; Sandhurst; was amq'ngst the more fortunate of the drawers, having got Druid and Coza for the Champion Race, and /Ellington ) for the Ascot Yale Stakes. Mr Watts, of Moama, drew .Tarragon-fpr the. Ascot /Yale Stakes. XhereTvas :s6riie"spbculative-dealing took/place at the draw ing on Saturday, one gentleman, a resident of Eehuca;:who;dreWiWhat was considered a pretty sure horse, selling him for £20. A severe casualty" is mentioned by the Mary borough Advertiser': — "A frightful accident happened a few days since to a traveller for Scrase'S Jbfewery, Bet-Be¥, -while1 oil ; th!e' way from Landsborough homewards. It appears that lieu was driving a spring-cart, laden with empty casks, down a steep hill known as the Malakoff gap, when he fell from his seat, and " one of the wheels passed over the lower part of bis abdomen. He is now lyiug at Landsborough in a critical state." With reference to the pilchards in the Bay, tlie Geelong Advertiser has the following : — " The mas ter of a small craft, on the passage from QueensclifF to Melbourne,' : states "Jj that oh/,TuesHay last he sailed ;th'rohgli noteless than' fftree' miles iu length of a shoal of pilchards. Some of the fish ermen at Williamstown, who have made the recent splendid hauls oi pilchards,, have, it., is skid/hefted asijmuch as £30 for,a -day's woS/ki': | . t 1 " j n / JI | : s . f > ' i 4 « ? »? -The ceremony of dedicaiting the Roman Catholic Church at Eltham was performed on Sunday by the Right Rev Bishop Goold. In the celebration of the mass (says, the Ai'gus) the Bishop was as sisted)- by the Yieai-Tgeneral/ the Very ?Rev Dr, Fitz- pat-rick. The sermon was preached by the Very , Rev DiS Shiel, of Ballaarat. The church is of brick, and; will accommodate about 200 people: The style of architecture adopted is the early -English.- With the handsome, collection made 011. the Occasion,- the building is .eutirely freed .from debt. The church will be. under, the jurisdiction -of the . Rev W M Finn,, of Heidelberg, to. whose exertions its erection is mainly attributable , - - . , ; VJ ; Two. Chinamen wore / arrested on "Saturday for crossing the, railway line at; the station while the train was in sight— They were brought to the watch-house aud fined 5s each. : ; YY A. child named C'has /Thompson, , who, had. been deserted by his mother, was ou ;Satitrda)yf, sferit to the IudustriM /"Schookir/o )) .;/ = ! The Kyueton ; Guardian.; states l that at Ivilinore, through no'pei-sous being noiuiiiated in time for a councillorship, the Mayor exercised his power of filling it up. 