ORIGIN OP THE IIAU-HAU FANATICISM. Amongst tho papers laid on the table of the House cf Representatives in New Zonlnnd, by command of his Excellency, is the follow- " Tits Assistant Native Secretary to 'THE X t-QbOrilAL " Now Plymouth, 8th December, 16(37. " Sin,' — I have the honour to acknowledge tho receipt of tho Acting Native Secretary's letter of the 4th tilt., conveying instructions to furnish a report containing all I know of tlie origin and history of the Pni Murire movement, and In reply fo state that the Maori account of tlie origin of Pai Mnrirc, as signifying the name of their new religion, is singularly and supersti- tiously associated witli tlie wreck of the Lord Worslcy. iloropapnra Tc Un, the originator, is a Taranaki native, and was for years a teacher (kai karakiu). On the occasion of tlie Lord Worsley being wrecked, lie tried very hard to in duce the tribe not to interfere with the wreck further than to r.ndcr assistance, and desired them to allow us free recess to the wreck; but having been opposed by the tribe, lie was said to have taken their stubborn opposition very much to heart, and went wrong in his mind In conse quence tiiereof. " A few weeks after the wreck of tlie Lord Worsley, Horopapara Te Ua came from the Taranaki district witli another native teacher named Totaia, to Poutoko.Ropatn Ngarongoinato's place, where he sent for inc. I went to tliein nnd had n long conversation witli tliem. Totaia wos n strong Kingitc, and wanted peace on their own terms, which re quired considerable concessions on tlie part of tlie Government. Horopapara wanted pence, nnd would con-ent to any terms the Government might propose. He said lie was a Government man, and did not want a Maori King : nnd on being crossed by Totnin,. be became very much excited, nnd showed unmistnkcnble signs of in sanity and nmdneis. Nothing would satisfy him but fur me to walk a circle with him, which I did to quiet him, and during the a hole time we were doing so lie wns repeating the wonts: ' A tun pai marire, Hohou i te rongo . pni innrire, Tihnnga pal marire, malii pai inarire.' At that, time nothing had been said of the new religion by that name, and tho tribe regarded Horopapara ns n madman, and kept watch over hint. A short time after this lie used violence tuwards the wife of T« Msilm t w.r t»„i,i . —.1 in retaliation Tc Mcilm punished Te Ua severely by. beating him, and tied him hand and foot. From this time the superstitious pnit of the tradition as regards tiieir Pni Marire commenced. Horopapara states tlint the Archangel Michael nud tlio Archangel Gabriel, together with nn Innumerable host of ministering spirits, caino nsiiure from the Lord Worsley, and that whilst he was tied band nnd foot, as before mentioned, the angel Gabriel nppenri d before him tlie first time, ami told liiin to release himself from his bonds, which witli the slightest effort he did. That on Mciha seeing him released, he again seized him and chained him, and put a lock upon tlie chain. That Te Ua then said : 1 W hat is tliis to me ?' and with the sligiitcst effort again burst asunder the ehnin, nnd every link was broken and scattered upon tlie ground, and Horopnpnra set at liberty. The spectators tlieu began to eny among themselves 'Can be have done this of bis own strength, or is it some supernatural influence?' and from that time they began to be afraid of him. Te Ua then went to his own place in Upper Tara naki, and on a certain day lie was in his own house, and fell asleep, and wns in a trance, when a greet light descended from Heaven, and b voice called to him, ' To rise nud stand on bis feet ' when lie saw a great multitude of everv race upon earth. A voice then eaid to bim— Horo- papnra, go out of your house, take your son and kiil hira/ iloropapara took his son, ond twisted the legs until tlie bone broke in several places. A voice then cried—' Horopapara, spare year eon. The angel Gabriel then said — 'Take your son, nnd wash him with water/ He toqk his son to n river, called Wnirau (in the Upp'eFTa- rannkl district), and washed him, and tlie leg wns restored whole as the other, Tho aogcl Gabriel then said to hitn— ' Go back to your house, nnd erect a new niu/ Horopapara inquired of the nngel what a niu was. The nngelreplied, ' A post/ Hoiopapara inquired for what purpose ? The angel replied, ' Work for you for the acquirement of the languages of all races upon tlie earth/ Horopapara inquired of the angel who was to impart to hira tlie gift of languages. The nngel replied, 'Tho spirit of God, posting with the winds, will teach you/ Horopornra then nskotl the nngtl, ' What of tlie winds V The nngel replied, ' ah tho winds of Heaven proceed to all quarters of the globe, so from the niu proceeded all the different forms of religion upon earth.' The angel Gabriel then sung the following hymn " Gabriel's soug of love to his noanle. standing naked. Mohi Itawke. God pni marire, God pai ndrirc, rirc, rira. God the son pal raarire, God tno son pa! marire, rire, riro. Godtlie Holy Ghost pai marire, God theXToly Glory be to theo. 0 Jehovah, in this world And tho Throne ! and tlio Throne! and the Throne!" This is all I know of the origin of the : Pai Marire, which no doubt w?s set on foot by Horopnpnra Te Un. The hymn of the angel is now used in their daily religious service, and the sign of the descent of the Holy Ghost upon any of them is n cold shivering at the time they are performing (lie circle marching round the ' niu/ After flic cold shivering lias posd off, they are inspired with the gift of languages, some of which I have heard attempted. A perfectly unin telligible jargon to themselves nnd to others. Sometimes may behenrd a word of Maori inter mixed. It is due to ilornpopara to state that, irom every report which I hear of him, ho' con stantly urges tho insurgents . to discontinue aggros ive movements, and to sue for penco, but ou what conditions I inivo never board. I have, etc., R. Farms, Assistant Native Secretary. 