ANSWEES TO CORRESPONDENTS. The Postage Rate. — (J. S.) — The rate of postage in South Australia for country letters is just one-half of what it is in Victoria, namely, 2d per letter. We quite agree with you about the hardship of the present high rate in Victoria. A Subscribe!*.— (Sandhurst.)— The trip from Mel days, and the fares range from £3 (steerage) to £S (cabin). Mails are made up at the same time as for . Sydney. Queen's Plates.— (F. W. H., Albury.)— The votes for these racing prizes have frequently met with sturdy opposition in the English Parliament, old Joe Hume and Roebuck having distinguished ^themselves es pecially by a determined hostility to them, as incen tives to gambling and rascality. The day when they could be of any use, in promoting tho breed of horses, bflploBj* since passed, away. Tho iafluen.ee of the racing and country members, added to the apathy of a considerable section of the House, has however invari ably overruled this objection. In addition, the plates, having formerly been chargeable on the private re sources of the Sovereign, many have chosen to consider a point of honor involved in their continuance, when that private income ha3 been surrendered to the State. There can be no pretext of the sort set up for their, establishment in this colony, and as for encou raging the breed of horses we suspect not even the ghost of the late Colonel Bobbins himself, could it be recalled from Hades, would, venture to predicate any result of a beneficial nature from the establishment of such paltry and insignificant prizes. They would be only valuable to the fraternity of bookmakers. It speaks well for the practical good sense, and of the disinclination to encourage gambling under any spe cious veil, which animates our Legislature, that the proposition whenever mooted has met with marked disfavor in the Assembly. As Mr Michie observed on one occasion : — ' If £200 was required from Govern ment to keep up the breed of horses, there could not be much enthusiasm on the subject. With just as much reason might they give £200 to the best chess player.' The proposition was thrown out by 40 to 20 in January, I860 ; and in July, 1862,_ Mr Levey had not the temerity to press a similar motion to a division. We imagine a like defeat would attend any rescucita tion of the project in Parliament. Coke v. Coal (E. C, Gxeville street).-—We regret to find, from your communication, that the conductors of the Melbourne Railway persist in the use of coal in their locomotive arrangements. We presume it is done- as a matter of economy, but there can'Tie no excuse on that ground, the affairs of the so-called company being in a prosperous state. Parties aggrieved should urge the municipal authorities of the boroughs intersected by the line to petition against the Amal-. gamation Bill, and compel the incorporation of the clauses of the Imperial Railway Clauses Consolidation Act, which binds down railway companies to the use of coke. The Price of Tea. — (/. L., Williamstown Band of Hope.) MrM'Ciulochwas.npdoubt, correct enough when he stated that the greater part of the tea consumed in the colony averaged ninepence the lb. We quite concur with your remarks that the grocers, with a six penny duty, have made a very good thing of it in re tailing their teas at 2s 6d and 3s the lb. Possibly, however, in many cases, the mysterious middleman reaps the lion's share of the plunder, and takes the gilt off the gingerbread. It is curious that, with a double and, until recently, a treble rate of duty as compared with ours — with higher freights and charges, ft may be presumed— the retail prices of ordinary teas in the principal cities of the United Kingdom have not ranged higher than here, as a reference to Dakin's or Ridgway's price lists will demonstrate. We have little doubt the consumer will have the full benefit of the impending reduction of duty, the vaticinations of Mr O'Shanassy notwith standing. The latter statesman was fatuous enough to avow his belief that tea was a luxury, not a neces sary, of the 'poor man;' and had, further, the audacity to confess that he had suggested to Mr Cowper, of N.S.W., at the Intercolonial Conference, to raise the rliifioa nn i an n-ne\ cilffO** TMtA Ttnnr TYlfm lYlfW f.lin.Tllc his stars that there is little prospect of a revival of the O'Shanassy ascendancy. The Melancholy Arrivals from Sydney.— Fare. J ? n, Flinders Lane.— We are not aware in what department of the soft goods line the six disconsolate travellers, whose arrival by the Wonga Wonga, as an nounced in the Argus of Wednesday, were engaged. Possibly in the distribution of '? widows' weeds, or of the decent caps which every modest woman wore,' or of the gigantic belltoppers which Sydneyites of equivocal descent and well furnished purses, delight in on highdays and holydays. The firms in question, we are told by the Argus, have recalled these specimens of the bagman genus, fore seeing an insuperable difficulty to. effect business under the thraldom of the new tariff. Does the Argus really swallow such excruciating bosh, or does it count on the. credulity of its readers in endeavoring to excite their animosity to the new tariff by the dissemination of such preposterous inventions ? Native Industry and its Pseudo Supporters. — {Edward O'£)— It is really too bad for this pretended ally of the poor man and of native in dustries, to whom you mako reference, to display this intense ignorance and stupidity alluded- to in his co lumns regarding manufactures established amongst us for years. To talk of basket-making and turnery as having no footing with us is truly ludicrous, and still more so to foretell that there is no prospect of these industries being established for years to come. Why, in the immediate proximity of the office of the journal in question the streets teem with numerous stores and factories pursuing these minor branches of industry, and in other parts of the city and suburbs, they may be counted by scores. 