BOXING-DAY SPGilTS. 1st established holiday of Boxing-day was devoted l-y a large portion of the inhabitants of Sydney to -various forms of social recreation. The great feature of the holiday was the Woolloomooloo Bay Regatta, -which wat witnessed with great interest by those assembled on the flagship and on the adjacent shores. The . several popular suburban resorts had each their fair share of visitors ; crowds of pleasure seekers, dressed in holiday attire, were to be seen throughout the mnrninc wondins their wav to the Circular Qua v. -where tteamere conveyed them to Manly Beach, 'Watson's Bay, and other attractive spots about the harbour. The railway trains were well filled. We regret to have to report two distressing accidents on the railway, one of which was fatal ; but otherwise the holiday amusements do not appear to have been attended with any disaster. Generally the excur sionists were well behaved, and, while enteringheartily into the spirit of tke holiday, enjoyed themsclTcs in a ?cher and rational manner. WOOLLOOMOOLOO BAY REGATTA. A finer day than that with which the people of Woolloo mooloo were favoured far their annual tujualic festival on Tuesday could not have been desired. A light but cool and steady breeze from the eastward tempered the fervid rays of the (snmrnoi'd t un, and while the breeze was sufficient for the sailing rues, it left the water beautifully smooth fjr those contests wherein physical strength and endarmee contribute as much as skill to success. From an early iuur in the morning crowds might be Been in all directions mik ing tewards the Domain, where the day could be pleasantly spent and a good view ut' the regatta obtained. The tine chip Philosopher did duty as flagship, and right well did ehe answer tint purpose. She was veil prepared to receive a large number of visitors, and in this respect anticipations were realised, for we do not remember to have seen so large and at the same time to select a company on board the Sag ship at any previous Boxing-day Regatta. The racing for the most part was excellent, a good bind was in attendance, aud polka and schottUche followed each other in rapid succession. The regatta itself was a great success, the company seamed determined to make the most of the day and the glorious weather, and, fortunately, there was not one accident to max the enjoyment of the day. Hie dut ies of umpire were satisfactorily performed by Mr. J. 1'. Lamb, andthoseof starter bv Mr. V. Brown. At 1 o'clock a party of about twenty-five gentlemen, embracing the committee and other official*, sat down to an excellent luncheon in the saloon, the President of the Re gatta, Sir W. M. Manning, M.L.C., occupying the chair, end Mr. W. B. Dalley the vice-chair. After discussing the viands and wines— both of which were of good quality and abundant in quantity, The Chairman rose and proposed 'The Queen,' the toast being received with enthusiastic expressions ofloya\tj-. The ' l'rince and Princess of Wales and the rest of the Royal Family,' and ' The Governor-in -Chief,' were also proposed and received with all the honours. The YiCE-CiiAiBv.tx proposed, with suitable remarks, '? The Army aud Navy.' The toast was warmly received, the band, as withthe previous toasts, playing an appropriate air. The ViCF.-CiiAiKMAs proposed what he considered the toast of the occasion, 'Success to tbe Regatta.' He was sure that there was not one person present but who rej oiced in tlie success of the present regatta, and hoped there would be tnahy similar regattas in the future. There was no part ef the harbour which could vie with that, in its suitability for a regatta. It was perfectly land locked, and nature had pointed it out as specially suitable for an aquatic tourney, than which there was not a finer spectacle in the woild. The sentiment was received with enthusiasm. The Vice-Chaibsian rose to propose the toast of all' occasions where a party of gentlemen met. ' The Ladies.' *What wouid all this sparkling sunshine, beauty of water, and glory of loveliness be without the presence cf those who were to be honoured by the toast now submitted ? lie would be a most original man who could say anything new of this toast, which was always proposed'wilh eloquence because it was responded to with feeling. He had much pleasure in proposing the ' Health ot Lady Young and the Ladies of tlie Colony.' The toast was very warmly received. Mr. L. A. Pabk returned Humlra Mr. J. P. Lamr proposed the health of Captain Ross and tho officers oi the Philosopher. In speaking to this toast, Mr. Lamb took occasion to mention the great kind ness of Captain Ross in placing hie fine ship at the disposal of the committee as a flagship on the first application. Captain Ross acknowledged the compliment, and ex pressed a hope that he might be in Sydney again next year, and if so, he should be happy to entertain the com mittee end their friends by giving them lis ship as a Sag ship. Mr. P. W. Cm:A-;ir proposed ' Tbe Umpire and Starter.' Messrs. 3 . P. Lamb and V. Brown responded. Mr. Joseph, M.L.A., {proposed the health of the chair man, who, it was observed hud always taken a prominent part in all movements which tended to the amusement and enjoyment ot the people. Sir Williah Manxing returned thanks. He was afraid he wob not a very useful president. Ha was president of the Rifle Association, and, as he had recently remarked, he should probably not hie the target more than once or twice in two hundred snots. He was a steward of the races, about which be knew very little ; and now he was made president of this regatta, although he could not sail the smallest boat in the narbour. Still he was very happy to be able to promote hilarity and amusement The company then adjourned to the quarter-deck to witness the progress of the races. Luncheon for the visitors generally on a more extensive scale was tervod in the 'tween decks, where there was ample accommodation and provision for all comers. With this by way of preliminary, we append a more detailed account of the racing. First nace.— All youths under 16 years of age, palling a pair of sculls in dingies not exceeding 12 feet on tbe keel. Course — From Cowper Wharf, round Fort Denison and back te flagship. First prize, £5 ; second prize, £2. En trance, 7s. 6d. Pelter — S. Punch— Pink . . . . . . . . 1 Adonis — AV. Uhr— Scarlet, and white sash . . . . 2 Slog- Ahead — G. Middenway— Blue and white . . 3 Novice — C. Bullivant — Blue Bart— E. Mtarray — Bed I'll De— F. Hayes— White and pink Major — F, Roderick — White. A very pretty race, resulting in favour of S. Punch, a young aspirant, who won it easily. W. Uhr was second, and G. Middenway third ; but a protest was entered by Bullivant against the two former, on the ground of being over ag*. Second Race.— All pulling dingies not exceeding fifteen feet overall, under canvas. Course— From moorings in Woolloomooloo Bay, round Clark Island, back round flag ship, thence round Clark Island, and back to flagship. First prize, £8 ; second prize, £2. Entrance, 7s. 6d. Friendship— J. Bates — Red, and blue cross .. ..1 Betpy Eagar—G. Kelly— Red, and white cross . . 2 Oberon — W. Birkenshaw — Magenta . . . . 3 Slippery Dick— R. Banks — Blue, and white star Faust— Stewart and Bolton— Blue and white Slippery Charlie — T. Croft— Red, with blue border Kildare — S. Drennan— Black and red Slim Jim ? Trengrouse — Red, and black ball Gull— W. Murray— Rod Lodoro — G. Cannis — Red, and white ball MtEEcnger— T. Roddam— Light blue Leisure Hour— G. Ellis— Dark blue. The lot got away well together, and it was not until they had got: pretty well down towards Clark Ialand that they settled down into their places. When they retumod and rounded tho flagship Fnendship had a strong load, which she was evidently increasing ; Betsy Eagar was second, and Oberon third. No alteration toon place iu the positions of the leading boats afterwards, and they finally passed the flagship in that order, the others being a considerable dis tance in the rear. Slippery Charlie was fourth. Third Racc. ? All bona fide amateurs, pulling a pair of sculls in outriggers. Course.— From Cowper Wharf, round Fort Denison, thence round boat off Cowper Wharf, and back to flagship. Prize, silver cup, value £10. Champion— H. D. Fitzhardinge— Red . . . . 1 Star— J. Garvan — White and green . . . . . . 2 Flirt— C. Davis— White. A very good race between Fitzhardinge and Garvan, and it was a matter of speculation for some time who would prove the winner. At length Fitzhardinge drew slightly away from his rival and kept his lead, though a very short one, to the finish. Davis had not a chance from the start. The fourth race did not fill, and consequently there was no race. Fifth Race.— All second-clues yachts, not exceeding 12 tons. Course— l'roin moorings in Woolloomooloo Bay, round boat off Manly Boaeh, back round flagship, round lightship and Sow and Pigs and back to flagship. First prize, £25 ; socond prizo, £8. Entrance, £'2. Gitana— F. J. Jackson— Blue, with white cap . . 1 Crusader — A. Hamilton— Dark blue. . .. ..2 Australian— D. Shecby— Red . . . . 3 Julia — R. C. Want — Blue, with red cap La Virandiere— A. Oliver — Tricolour. At tho fall of the flag the lot were got underway with commendable smartness, tke Australian getting a slight lead, with Crusader (late Why Not) seoond, and Gitana third. These three kept well together throughout the race, and at no point were they separated by a very long distance,. After rounding tlie first point— a boat off Manly — they oame back round the flagship, Crusader having a lead of a few lengths of Australian, who, in turn, was a few lengths ahead of Gitana. The others were nowhere, The three leading yachts made board for board in turning down the harbour, and an alteration of positions took place, Gitana taking up the lead, with Crusader second, and Aus tralian third. Gitana now held her own to tho finish, and passed the flagship considerably in advance of Crusader. Australian waa a pretty good third. Sixth Racc.— All centre-board boats. Course — Same sb seoond-elass yachts. First price, £20 ; second prize, £5. Kntranoe, £1 10s. Challenge— T. M'Gregor— Bed, with black ball , , 1 Spray— w. J. Cocks— White, blue border, and Maltese crosB .. .. ,, ,, 2 True Bint— G, Alder ton— Dark blue 1 rue Elue went away with the lead, waited on by Chal lenge and Spray. Not many hundred yards were sailed over, however, before Challenge deprived Tiuo Blue of tho lead. The latter, however, came to grief down the harbour, leaving the race to Challenge, who won it easily, Spray being an indifferent second. Seventh Race. — All comers, pulling a pair of sculls in outriggers. Course— Same as third race. Prize, £20. Enfraroe, £1 Is. Guiding Star— R. Green— White, blue sash . . . . 1 A. S. B. C.— H. White— Whito ? 2 Champion— J. Howard— Red Green, the champion scalier, was, of course, the favourite for this race. Tbe three started evenly, but with the first few strokes Green dashed to tbe front, and maintained hiB lead by a abont a boat's length all round and back to the ship, although from the easy manner in which he was poll ing when he passed the flag&ip; the second time, it was thought that he could have increased his lead if he had so chosen. Afler finally rounding tbe boat off Cowper Wharf, White put on a fine spurt, and «ssayed to reach his world fnraed antagonist, but the latter proved himself equal to the occasion, end held his lead to the finish. Howard had not the ghost of a chance from the first, and he gave up before half tbe course had been pulled over. The eighth race in the programme did not come off, there not being sufficient entrances. Ninth Race.— All comers, who hive never won en advertised race, pnlliug a pair of sculls in h'ght fiki fid. Course— Same as third race. Prize, £10. Entrance, 10s. Champion— E. O'Connor — Blue .. .. ..1 Star — J). Garvan — White and green . . . . 2 Swan — J. Turner — White, blue sash .. ..3 Athlete — J. Austin— Pink Cornstalk— A. 51-Biide— White. The start for this race was a very pretty one indeed. O'Connor drew to the front in the first few strokes, with (-arvsn sccond, and M'Bride third ; Austin was fourth, and Tumor lifth. The pace at first was tJO good to be maintained, and while O'Connor kept the lead, and Garvan second, M'Bride succumbed to Turner who pulled home third. The remainder finding that their chance was gone, gave up the contest. Tcntn Race.— All stiffs under canvas, with or without fins and centre boards. Course— From moorings in Wool loomooloo Bay, round Shark Island, round flagship, round Clark Island, and back to flagship. Prize, £10. Entrance, Marian— J . Phelns — Red . . . . „ . , . . 1 Dart — J . Richards — Dark blua ' . . . , . . 2 Susie— H. Woolnough — Red, white, and blue. The three got away upon equal terms, and it was ex pected that the nice would be a very close one. Susie and Marian weathered the point without tacking ; but Dart had to ir.akc :i bond over towards Potts' Point, before she could weatLcr the rocks. Tho three kept well together down to Sh.iik Island, near which point the Susie got into trouble. M iri m now come on with the lead, was never caught, and won tho race with ease. Tlie owner of the Dart entered a protest against the Marian, on the ground that she wan More than the prescribed length. Eleventh ltaco.- -All open boats, not exceeding 22 feet overall, liis and centre- hoards excluded. Course— From moorings in Woolloomooloo Bay, round lightship and Sow and Pigs, back round flagship, round Ciark Island, and back to tlagehip. First prize, £20; second prize, £5. Entrant, £1 10s. Torment — J 11. Graham— Red, white, and blue .. 1 Clio — W. ond T. Langford — Red . . . . . . 2 Tarragon — K. Driver— Light blue, with star . . . . 3 Jeksio — P. 'U . Crcagh — White, with blue and red cross Laura— W. aud J. Watts— Blue and white. This was by far the c'oscst race, so far as the two leading boats were voncerned, that occurred throughout the day. Torment got into a good position in the early part of the race, and Tarragon for some distance was second ; but there Sot being sufficient wind for her, she gave place to Clio, who held the second place to the finish. In rounding the flag - ship tbe first time. Torment and Clio were very close to each other, and it was a matter of much speculation as to whieh would prove the victor. Tarragon was third, but « far in the rear as to render her chance hopeless. Torment and Clia were sailed very well indeed, and in each close company did they keep that up to the last minute the result was in doubt. Torment I took in htr squaresail a little too soon, and hence, at the j last moment, when the gun fired, she was but a length or se in advance of her formidable rival. Tarragon entered a protest against both Torment and Clio, on the ground that they were over 22 feet. Twcltlh Uace. — All bona fide amateurs, pulliug a pair of oars in light skifis, with coxswain. Course— Same as third race. Prize, pair of silver cups value £10. Star — J . Garvan and K. Sheridan — White and green . . 1 Athlete— W, Jobson and G, Merriman — White . . 2 The struggle for the victory in this race took placc in the first, few strokes. Garvan and Sheridan, having once got the lead, maintained it to the end and \ion easily, { 1 here were not Buffieient entrances in the thirteenth race ? on the card, and consequently no contest. ' Fourteenth Race. — All bona fide amateurs, who have never won an advertised race, pulling a pair of oars in light skiffs, with coxswain. Course— Same as third race. Prize, pair of silver cups value £10. Entrance, £1. Star— 1). Garvan and J. Manning — White and green . . 1 Hebe — T. Bushby and T. Manning — Scarlet . . 2 Coiiistalk — A. and W. Man ton — Magenta and white cap 3 Favoiita— E. Park and R. Palmer — Blue and white Swan — 11. Love and T. Somers— White. This was a very good race, the whole of the boats keep ing well together for a -considerable distance Soon after passing the flagship Garvan and Manning put on the steam and took thcirboat to the front, Bushby and Manning, in tlie Hebe, t'jok cccond placc, and Cornstalk third. The ra-'C was pulled game to the end, but there was no altera tion in the position of the leading loots, and the race ter minated as Muted above. Fifteenth Race.— All licensed watermen, regularly plying for hire, pulling a pair of sculls in boats which have been licensed aiul used tor three months previous to thf race. : Piize, £10. Enirancs, 10s. Champion — J. Dunnett— Dark blue . . . . 1 Comet — 11. White — Whito .. .. ..2 Minnie-rP. Connolly— White and red, Dunnett was the favourite for this race, but there were a good many persons who fancied White. The latter, how ever, had not the endurance to pull a race with a fresh rival, after pulling a hard race with the champion sculler in ?he morning, and hence Dunnett had an easy victory. He went away with the lead, was never collared, and won with case. Connolly did not go the course. Sixteenth Race. — All bona fide yachts' dingies, not exceeding 12 feet overall, to be pulled by a member of the yacht's crew. Course— From flagship round boat off Cowper Wharf, round flagship, back round boot off Cowper Wharf; and hack to flagship. First prize, £-4 ; second prize, £2. Entrance, ?s. Gd. Spray — R. Ray — Blue . . . . . . 1 Crusader— J. Nioholls— White Julia ? Hope — Pink Gitana— II. Please — Blue and whito. Ray jumped off with tho lead, and easily maintained it to the end. Nicholla and Please had a hard pull for second placc, resulting in favour of the former. A protest was entered against Ray, but we did not hear on what ground. Seventeenth Race.— Gig and Dingy— Dingy to be caught within fifteen minutes. Prize, £3 3s. Entrance, gig, 7s. 6d ; dingy, Is. Aetrea — C. Stevenson— White . . . . . . 1 Rob— T. Muepratt— Blue . . . . . . . . '2 This event did not afford the customary amount of Amusement, as the dingy was caught almost immediately after the gun for the start fired. This brought the sport to a termination, and the people in the flagship and those on shore began, apparently with some reluctance, to make a move homewards. By sun down the Bay and adjacent rocky dopes were once more left to their accustomed quiet. Down the Hahboub. — As usual upon all holiday occasions, the broad expanse of water which forms the large and commodiuus Harbour of Port J ackson was very extensively resorted to by the holiday seekers. There is sometliing so exhilarating in the large draughts of pure and untainted air that one can breathe as it comes fresh from off the face of old ocean, that most of those tied down to sedentary pur suits rash almost by instinct to those places where they can get their lungs purified and reiuvigorated, and iu some measure prepared for the extra demands that the present relaxation will be sure to put upon them. Were it not for these holidays and for these open air excursions and picnics, but more than all were it not for the vital air tliat one can breathe, nil he will, fresh from Nature's own laboratory, the pent up houses and the ill-ventilated dwellings of tlie city would tell a dismal tale. Besides the ordinary ' rowing boats, sailing boat6, Jileasure boats of every sort and kind, that spotted the larbour, and clustered about the places of greatest resort, there were numerous steamers plying to various placcs. First amongst these marine spots where pleasure seekers most do congregate, we must reckon Manly Beach, not only as being the longest esta blished, but as being the best and the most completely managed pleasure ground of any iu the harbour. Some time back there used to be a great deal of trouble and annoyance in regard to the steamers, each one engaged by some individual ran on its own hook, competing, perhaps, with some other, and offering more annoyance than convenience to passengers. This has been changed, and now one person becomes the entre preneur of all the boats running to Manly, and the consequence is that they start regulaily, and that so soon oe one leaves another ia on Jjie berth, and pas sengers are not kept waiting inconveniently long. Mr. Korff, who for some time past has undertaken and made himself master of this part of the programme, has riven so much satisfaction by his arrangements that Manly is more resorted to than ever ; and what is more, there is never such a thin' known as a left behind passenger. On Tuesday, Manly was literally thronged with visitors, the beautiful breeze from the south inviting one into the water in a way that could not be denied. Amusements of every kind were pro vided — for besides the strolls through the bush ana the rambles by 'the sad sea waves ' — which, however, on Tuesday fairly danced and sparkled in gladness there were, in the Steyne -Grounds, swings, quoits, skittles, and other games, and at. the Pier, the i maze, the minBtrels, and other allurements. Signor Yitdli mode his terrific ascent on the wire—It la Blondin— but tlie recent was not very terrific after all, even though it did Attract a large number ofthe holiday makers. Then again Watson's Bay had its' steamers and its visitors — mostly of the large family of-small-children kind, presided over by careful mothers who are ever fussing about tlieir youngsters wont cross the heads or face a swell, even though it be but a watery one. There was no mean number of perEons here ; and when to these arc added the hundreds that flocked down to Middle llax-bour, to the Balmoral and Atliol Gardens, now become esta blished placcs of resort, and mostly affected by the youths and maidens of our population, it is almost a wonder that any persox should have been, left to witness the regatta in Woolloomooloo Bay, and it was a perfect matter of astonishment to find a gay crowd collected at Bradley's Head, a pleasure grotuid that has now been for some time opened, and wliere, by the judicious catering of the lessee, the spot lias been made so attractive as to induce visits of large numbers of picnic and other pleasure parties. Broken j5av. — The steamships TJ rara and Come rang were chartered on Tuesday for a trip to the above locality, and certainly a tiner day for a sea ex cursion could not have been desired, the lea being quite calm, which circumstance was exceed ingly agreeable to those subject to sea sickness. Both vessels, considering the many counter attractions, were well freighted with excursionists, and left their respective 'wharves shortly after 10 o'clock, and proceeded direct to Pitt water,* tbe largest indentation in the bay ; from thence they proceeded round Scotland Island up the Htawkes buiy, round Mullet Island, and across the Cawarra, giving the visitors an opportunity of witnessing the wild, yet picturesque scenery which abounds here, and is so little known in Sydney. At 10 o'clock a luncheon was served in the cabins, and to which ample justice was done by those whose appetites had been shaipened by the sea air. The Comerang- landed her pasEcngere in Sydney about 8 o'clock, tut tlie Urara, in consequence of having stuck on a sandbank, did not reach Sydney till S o'clock on Wednesday morning. Rons oi Tkjipp.ua.nct;. — A pleasant excursion by rail was made by No. 3 division of the Sons of Tem perance (Good Samaritan), who proceeded in large 1 numbers by spccial train, at !) iu the morning, tol'en rith. Hero they picniced iu the open aLr, and ?muted themselves at cricket, football, ami other games, and, with all due foresight, means were affoidcd for obtaining, either hot or cold, Bny of those refreshing beverages which tired uature demanded and the principles of the society sanctioned. There was, in addition, a bountiful supply of varied comestibles, for which the healthy recreations ia a pleasant spot, and with delightful weather, induccd a vigorous zest. Tlie effective band that was engaged played a number of cheerful selections of music, and the* member? of tlie division sang 6ome of their liveliest temperance melodies. Much credit is due to tbe committee for tlie excellence of the arrangements and tbe judgment with which they were carried out, everything happily tending to an agreeable and well enjoyed reunion.' The party returned at 5 in the evening. Excubsion to Richmond.- On Tuesday, -tlie St. Benedict's Young Men's Society made their annual excursion to Richmond, and kept up their holiclay on the beautiful grounds of Mr. Sloper Cox. Between fifteen hundred and two thousand persons availed themselves of the opportunity of passing a very j pleasant day, and of visiting the pretty shady ul lage where the present railway terminates in i the direction of the Huwkesbury. The . first ] party arrived at the Richmond station at about 11 a.m., having been about two hours and a half en the journey. The whole con course of holiday folk were on Mr. Cox's grounds at about 1 o'clock, and appeared thoroughly to -enjoy themselves. Amongst those present were the Iter, i Messrs. M'Carthy, O'Reilley, Tomassi, and Messrs. Ellery, Donnelley and Curran. Thanks t« the energy and care taken by the Rev. the Roman Catholic in cuuibcnt of St. Benedict's (Mr. M'Carthy) Mr. V. I. Ellery, the honorary secretary, and the gentlemen who co- operated with them in the arrangements, every thing went off in a very satisfactory manner. Good order, good temper, and merriment everywhere pre vailed until it was time to think of starting for- Syd ney, where all, it is believed, arrived in safety sliortly before dark. 