A. New Zealand Tragedy. (FROM MARTIN TGBIN. — BY LADY CAMPBELL.) Otaki was my first station, and here falling in with some of my old acquaintances among the whalers I determinod to stay a few days — nothing loth to kill time in any way that was going forward. There being a wedding and its consequent merry-makings on the tapis, I sent the guide or letter carrier, forward to give notice of my approaoh, and accepted the quarters offerod rao by a good uafured old native of Emerald Isle, who having made his own country too hot to hold him by reason of certain smuggling propensities, sought safety and riohes in tbe unfettered west. Like most men of his stamp Dennis was a reckless ' devil-may- oaro ' sort of fellow, with a joke and a good word for those who keep in his good graces, but a curse and a blow for his enemies. The fear of the latter was enhanced by his size and strength, for Dennis measured over six feet without his brogues, 'and could send a dinner knife through: a tsro-inoh plank of roto wood with ? one stroke of his formidable arm. It was one of Dennis's daughters who was going to bo married — a pretty half-bred girl j but the bride grooom elect wa3 as ill-couditioned and gin-slin-drinking a specimen of a Yankee cs you would meot with in a day's walk. There was a look in tho girl's face when her intended spouse was by that 1 could not at all reooncilo with her intention of marrying him and even had I not accepted her father's invitation to remain, I think I should have found an cxcuso to do so on some other plea, in order tlut I might see tho end of what I suspected would turn out a saored drama worth witnessing. During the next day I gathered that tho girl Mary had been in lovo with a handsome young Maori chief; but, having white blood in her veins, it was considered by her relatives a degradation on hor part to marry him. Accordingly, her father first tried fair means to get quit of him. These failing he took to bullying, and finally the native disappeared — though how, or wlioro to, no ono knew or perhaps carod evon to inquire. After ho was out of tlio way Mary for a time grew morose and ill- tempered, shutting hcrielf out of sight and rofusing to speak to hor father. Suddenly this cbangcd : sho bocamo as blilho as over, and somo said that sho had forgotten hor troubles, again, that sho was ' biding her time and how much noarer tho mark thoy woro tho soqual will show. At this opoch tho Yankeo skipper turuod up, and taking tlio hint from her fatlior Mary sot her cop so successfully tlint in a month ho had oomo to tho point ^a d 7' wedding day was fixed. Strange as' it may seem, the new lover' 1 not a word of the former one, and boasted pretty openly 0f his It &C.; Tho night before' the wedding was,^ accordiug W' theClmle' oustom, tlio occasion of groat mirth— drinking and danoiu.^beiii th' order 'of the night. I bad tho honorfof Ming off the'entenarcment with the brido, who scorned nothing loath to let mo keep hor Yank lover at a distance— a picce of crquetry he did not like ; but unH warmed by whisky and tho taunts Of ihe company, did not§jvcntur t take any open notico of. At last, as I was] standing beside Marv ^ a sort of bay window, he swaggered up : 'II say gjl, *-Jat d- L'* mean by being so thick with that 'ar stranger. . Yo ^shan't carr/ that game after we're spliced, so help me G— 1 ' « Hold you ^ if you cannot speak civilly,' retorted Mary, growing as white°n8U° sheet ; ' you'd better be making your peaco with tho° Almiahtv th * swearing by him; it's not long till you'll be with him'^ , Yankee laughed and put his arm round her. ' Back, you fool |' 8] said— her voice' scarcely rising above a whisper, so intensely wa3 1,1! passion roused. ' Back 1 or by Him whose name you took just now 1 11 send you there before your time. Can't you wait until your tirrm comes? You little think how soon it will.' I suppose tho VanlT was too drunk to tako heeif, cr see the deadly expressionSin the Jb face; but I saw both and rather more j fori saw she had a h knife hid in her brerst, and that h j veins of her hand andh.rm ro^ 'l ' throbbed as she clenched the hilt. Laying my hand upon the man'! shoulder I turned him off. He stared, then throwing away his ' gave utterance to a volley of abuse, shouting and dancing^with pass'i!n' The crowd gathered round, laughing at the infuriated wretch unt'l' driven frantic,- he made a dash at the first who stood in the way a measured his length on the ground, by way of reprisal, having fallen foul of Dennis himself 'What does the spalpeen want?' said De n' with a smile' peculiar to- himself. ' Ho may be took me for you Mar'8 and was going to embrace me.'' The laugh that followed fiftis'speeoh brought the Yankee to his legs, and considerably sobered, for Dennis' fist was no light one. He sneaked off muttering curses not loudTut deep. Mary did not show any more that night or nezt day till noo when the wedding, or mock ceremony that past as such, oarae' 'of Danoing followed until dark, when the newly married 'couple wer' escorted to the hut prepared (at their residenoe, and tkfein installed ? amidst Iibation3 of rum and whisky— an enorra-us keg of whole oil bjing lighted in front of tho door, whilo a barrel of rum wasbroaobed and distributed then and there. I am not usually very squeamish or' inclined to be fanciful, but that night I could aot shake off what I suppose must be the feeling spoken off as prerer.fment. JUSfc hq tvtw was Lap Jed oft b, to ™d, i.nd b,d pnt ,'S packet in my hand, bidding me to kee|)r it tiil to-morrow for her ? ? there Was something in her look at the time kept curdling mv blood and rising like a shadow 111 spite of myself. Yet, tired out? and nret v well primed with a sleeping draught in the shape of punoh made af « Dennis s own plan, I was not long disturbed by haunting ghosts or strange dreams, as I suppose 6 out of 7 of my readers think I ouXf to have been, and did not wake until the sun was pretty well un on ar™ EVe' th-3n' h.ov,evcor' 1 to all appearance first in the field. There was not a sign of anyone being astir, and sundry snores from the other divisions of the hut told their own tale iZd always been in the habit of beginning the day with a bathe, and after taking my swim was leisurely dressing when a commotion in the vil lage attracted my attention. Men, women, and ohildren were amieir. ing like a swarm of bees, all hurrying in one direction* . I of course' soon Joined, but no one could satfsfy my curiosity ; so there was no thing for it but to follow and use my eyes. Presently we reached the hut of the newly married couple. Then pressing forward I made mv way w. My pfesentiment of evil, if eucIi it was, was terribly rea lized. There m the middle of the floor lay the naked body of the Yankee bridegroom, his face and chest literally riddled with wcUnds ?? while crouching in a corner, covered' with blood and gasping for breath sat poor Mary. I entered at tho same moment as her father. With a slireik she sprang to her feet, passed fcim like a bird and mak:ng her way through the frghtened crowd, no one 0, posing her, Was down at the edge of the river before they seemed to collect their Beases. It was too la'e, though I. question whether an attempt to do more would have b.en made. Death was the most meroiful end for the poor mad girl, and, as it turned out, death would have been inevitable ;? for after killing the Yankee she had attempted to kill herself and broken tho knife into her breast, where it still was when they recovered her body. In the packet sbe had given me was a piece of paper, round whreh she had wrapDed a long tress of her hair, with the words, ' Give this to my father and tell him, I wet it with the blood, of him he murdered. lie can wet ib with mi.io, for he has killed me too.' Poor Mary had found her Maori lover's body with her father's knife still in it, The knife she had taken, and, after burying the body, had cenec aled it until the hour of her revenge 'came on, Perhaps at fiist she meant it for her father. Be that as it may she was spared that orime, and perpetrated a much more dreadful re' ven^e; for the old man never held up his head again, but from that day s it a shivering idiot in the corner of his hut, babbling on about Mary and her wedding. Prop.', sed Memorial to Cardinal Wiseman. — A very large1 meeting of the Catho.i'e nobility, gentry, and ecolesiu3tics, was held on Thursday afternoon, at the Stafford Club, -Burlington Gardens, for the purpose of taking into consideration the proprie y of erectile a memorial to the late Cardinal Wiseman. The Hon. Charles Lang dale was called to the chair, and the met ting was addressed by Lord Fielding, Lird Campden, Alderman Petre, Mr. Hennesy, M.P,-, S'f George Boywer, Bait, M P., the Hon. Mr. Stonor, and several other gentlemen, all of whom spoke in warm and affectionate terms of Dr. Wiseman, and deplored the loss which the Church of Rome had sus tained by ihe death of so di tinguished a member of thai communion. By all the speakors a hope was expressed .that measures would le taken for the purpose of providing for 'the diocese of Westminster,' of which. Cardinal Wiseman was the first archbishop, a cathedral worthy of the see, the pro- cathedral of St. Mary, Moorfields, being, it was generally agreed, quite unworthy of suoh a body as the Roman Catholics having position and property in and around the metropolis. It was, therefore, determined that an effort should be made to collect * subscriptions sufficient to erect a noble cathedral in London, and it was also arranged that, to gi-e the matter a fair start, a general meeting of Catholics should be called on as an early day as possible in St. James Hall. An influential committee was nominated to make tho necessary preliminary arrangements. A vote of thanks to the Hod, Charles Langdale for presiding closed the proceedings of a very har monious meeting. — Daily Telegraph. The Bottle Con.turer — The following copy of the original advertisement of this col obrated hoax, taken from tho Daily Advertiser' of Wednesday, January 11, 1740, may not be without interest at the' present moment, when the performances of the -Davenport Brothers are exciting so much interest and controversy: — 'At tho New' \- Theatre ia the Hay-market, on Monday next, the 16th instant, is to- be seen, a Person who performs the several most surprising Things following, viz. First, He takes a common Walking Cano from any of the Spectators, and thoreon plays tho Musick of every Instrnment nor/ in use, and likewiso sings to surprising Perfection. Secondly, he presents you. with a common Wine Bottle, which any of tbe Spectators may first examine ; this Bottle is placed on a Table in the Middle of the Stnge, and he (without any Equivocation) goes into it in the Sight of all the Spe'etators- and sings in it ; during bis Stay in the Bottle any Person-may handle it, and see p'ainly that it does not exceed a common Tavern Bottle. Those 011 the Stage or in tho Boxes may come in masked Habits (if agreeable to them) and tho Performer [if dressed) will inform them who they are. Stago 7s 6d Boxes 5a, Pitt 3s, -Gallery 2a. Tickets to bo had at the Theatre. To begin at half an Hour after six o'Clock. The Performance continues about two hours and a half. Note, If any Gentlemen or Ladies (after tho abovePer formance-) either single or in Company, in or out of Mask, aro desir ous of seeing a liepresentation of any deceased Person, such as Husband or Wife, Sister or Brother, or any intimate Friend of either Sex (upon making a Gratuity to tho Perforiror) shall be gratified by seeing and conversing with them for some Minutes as if alive; like wiso, if desired, ho will tell you your most secret Thought in your past Life, and give you a full Viow of Persons who havo injured you, whether dead or alive. For those Gentlemen and Ladies who nro desirous of seeing this last part, there is a private Room provided. Theso performers havo been seen by most of tlio crowned heads of Asia, Africa, and Europe, and never appeared publick any whero but once, but will wait 011 any ut their Houses, -aud perforin as above for' fivo Pounds each timo.' — Notes and Queries. Grace Before Meat. — At a dinner tablo among a largo number' ofguestsChurlos Lamb's white cravat cauaod a mistake to be made. Being taken for a clergyman ho was called on to say grace. Looking, up nnd down tho table he asked in his udmitablo mamior, 'is thcrff no cl-ol- clergymen present ?' ' No, sir,' answered a guest. ' Th-thon* said Lamb bowing his head, ' lot us thank God.' Prmtid and Publirtliod by Thomas Garruif, for tho Proprietors, Thouins Garntt. nnd Aroblbiild C,impLoll,nt tbe ' Jll-ivjarra Mercury 'Uonoral Lo- tor Press Printing Oflice, cornor of Alarket-miuai-e, Wollongong* Illawiinr., on l-'ildiiyl.liti)c 3Uth, 18(15. 