FREE TRADE AND PROTECTION. (í'Yom the Argus, May 30.) Or the many surprises which Sydney has prepared for us, during some months past', perhaps the last is the greatest. It could hardly have been anticipated by anyone that the force of circumstances could have compelled a Minister in Mr. Cowper's position to make the proposition which, as the telegraph informs us, he has induced the Assembly to accept. A package duty of a shilling on all articles, excepting tea, sugar wheat, and flour, and an increase of twenty per cent, Luthe- impost on all items in the tariff excepting tea, sugar, brandy, and gin, are startling changes to be made, not merely with little warning, but against all the pier ions professions and intentions of the Government. There is nothing in this case, however, to weaken the position of the free-trader, or to afford the slightest occasion of rejoicing to the protectionist. It is purely a question of necessity. The poverty and not the will of the Sydney (601 eminent has consented. This additional taxation is forced upon an unwilling Cabinet by the severity of the financial crisis to the brink of which they have been brought. The Treasury was absolutely empty. The credit of the colony was in danger. The bankers of the Govern- ment threatened to stop the supplies. Poverty, it is said, brings strange acquaintances together; and to the emptiness of the Treasurer's purse we owe this sudden apparent transformation of a stanch free- trader into something like a protectionist. But the new taxes imposed are laid on for the sole purpose of raising the wind as quickly and conveniently as possible. Their imposition was coupled with an" assurance that as soon as the pecuniary pressure was relieved the old tariff would be once more made law. The case of the Cowper Government, therefore, is altogether different from that of the Victorian Ministry. The latter broke in upon the simplicity and moderation of the tariff in pure wantonness. The Treasury was able to meet the demands upon it, The balance on the public account was on the right side. There was no necessity for any change. There was no motive for the action of the Ministry but a rest less and unstatesmanlike desire for something new, out of which good might perchance come, but evil in much more likely to arise. ! Hut while Riverine is thus avenged for the insult lately put upon her by the Sydney Cabinet, and will now find in the lighter Victorian tariff a blessing where she expected a curse, it is profitable to turn to South Australia to see what is going on there. To the clear-headed and shrewd people of that little colony both Victoria and New South Wales have been indebted for more than one good example in legislation, and they are now offering another. The prosperous state of South Australia is certainly not attributable to protective duties. With a tariff, on the whole, freer than our own, her trade has flourished and her people prospered. With an inferior soil, the well-directed industry of her people has made her the granary of the southern colonies of Britain, from Mauritius to New Zealand. Without protection, she has become wealthier, in proportion toherpopul ation, than her sister colonies and now, while Victoria, in mere weak deference to ignorance, increases her Customs taxes, and New South Wales, at the irresistible influence of poverty, adopts largely increased duties on nearly all the items in her tariff, South Australia proposes to lower her Customs duties, remove restrictions from trade, encourage immigration, permit free distillation, and increase the salaries of all the servants of the Government. Look on the one picture and then on the other ! Was there over a greater contrast presented at the same time by the Governments of any two neighbouring colonies í Whether we compare South Australia with Victoria or with New South Wales, the comparison is almost equally flattering to her. We, perhaps, show a little better at this moment than our eastern neighbours ; but if the Ministry had their way-if their protective notions were to acquire the force of law-now long should we have this comparative superiority to claim The action of the South Australian Government conveys a solemn warning and lesson to our rulers. It proves, beyond all doubt, that if there is to be assimilation of tariffs, it must be through the operation of free-trade principles. It shows more, indeed for it proves, that if we are to maintain the trade we enjoy to protect it from rivals, and to secure our borders against the smuggler, we must also reduce our tariff. If Adelaide becomes a freer port than Melbourne or Sydney, the trade of the other colonies will look to Adelaide for much which it at present finds here or in Sydney. Settlement is likely to extend in the western districts with comparative rapidity, but if the imported goods which are essential to civilised life can be obtained cheaper from Adelaide than Melbourne, how shall we prevent the trade of the western districts going to the first named port The South Australian ports of Mount Gambier and Robetown, are now in direct communication by steam with Adelaide. Commercial men from the capital now find their way to the border towns. Our frontier is artificial, and an army of Customs officers could not protect it against the South Australian smuggler. Supplies formerly obtained from Melbourne are now flowing into the Western district through South Australian channels. There is no door that can be locked to shut out this trade, and in the present temper of the Adelaide Government, insulted as it has been by the action of the Melbourne and Sydney Governments in the matter of the Border Customs, there is very little likelihood of any help being given to us by our neighbour to erect barriers against her own trade. We have also been endeavouring, very expensively too, to secure to Melbourne the trade of the great control districts of the island. To the Murrumbidgee, the Lachlan, the Darling, and the Warrego country we look for business for our railways. Extensions of the line from Echuca through Deniliquin and Hay towards Fort Bourke, have been discussed as things which must come in the course of time. The centre of the continent, on its eastern side, is being rapidly settled. The trade of all the rivers named now goes down the Darling, and our efforts have been directed to the attraction of that trade up the Murray to Echuca. Let the South Australian tariff be a lower one than that of Victoria, however, and the wool from the Darling and its tributaries will go down to Adelaide, and the supplies for the settlers on their banks will go up the rivers from that city. We shall be thoroughly beaten in the competition for what promises to become a most important trade. If we are asked the reason why, what answer can give give, except that Ministers Milled it r There was no cause, financial or otherwise, why our tariff should be made less favourable to commerce than it was. If we lose the agency and the supply of the great country between the mouth of the Darling and the Flinders, we shall owe it only to incapacity and obstinacy. If we must choose between the examples of Sydney and Adelaide, let us follow that which has hitherto been found wisest and best, and to which we owe very much of the prosperity the colony now enjoys. A Sensation Fiddlers new sensation has been produced at the Operetta House this week, under the startling title of Paganini's Ghost." Paganini's ghost is in fact, no ghost at all, but simply a very clever artist whose name does not appear in the play- bills or advertisements-who, possessing some fancied resemblance to the great violinist, has improved the likeness by copying his peculiarities of dress and habit, and with an eccentricity more wonderful still, chooses to appear before his audiences in the unnatural glimmer of the lime light. The appearance of the unKnown artist In big quaint dress and cadaverous appearance, rendered ghostly by the greenish reflection of the lime-light, certainly produces a strange, though not perhaps quite a pleasing sensation in the mind of he beholder.-Scottman. j ASmabtLad.-A boy from the country was recently taken into a gentleman's family. One eyed ing, after having been called up into the drawing room, he came down into the kitchen laughing immoderately. . " What's the matter ?' ' cried the cook. " Why," said he, " there are twelve on 'em up there, who could not snuff the candle, and they had to ring for I to do it." 