I THE GLASGOW MURDERS. | THE TRIAL AND CONFESSION OF DR. PRITCHARD. At ten o'clock on Monday morning, July 3rd, tho trial of Dr Pritchard, on the charge of murdering hie wife and mother-in-law in Glasgow, commenced in the High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, before the Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Ardmulan, and Lord Jerviswoode The court-room waB crowded, and many wero disappointed in obtaining admiBBion. Ihe mdiotment obarged the pri- soner with administering tnrtansed antimony, acouite, and opium to his mother-in law, Jane Cowper Taylor, in tapiooa and m porter or beer, and in a medióme called Battley'B sedative solution, between the 10th and 25th of February, 1865, and it also obarged bim with adminis taring, cn repeated oooasions in february and Marou, 18G5, tartanaed antimony and aconite to his wife, Mary Jane Taylor Pritchard, in articles ot food and of medicine The prisoner entered the dook at ten o'clock exactly, dressed in deep mourning He was oalm and Bolf-pos sessed, and looked coolly round the court when he had taken his seat He is a atont well built man, prepoatss tng in appearance, and with sharply-defined features He wears his hair long, and has a large bushy beard, but no moustaohe The prisoner'« brother, Charles Augustus Pntohard, beoretary to the naval oommander-m obief, Plymouth, by permission of the court took his seat beside him in tho dock, and remained with him all day lue prosecution was oonducted, in the absence of the Lord Advocate in London, by the Solicitor-General, assisted by Mr Gilford and Mr Ohnohton, advocate's depute the defence was conducted by Mr A. R Clarke, Mr William Watson, and Mr David Brand, advooates Tho pnaoner's counsel moved the court 'to separate the two charges of mûrier on the ground that it embarrassed the defence to try the two orimes together The Court unanimously refused to grant the request The prisoner was then oalled on to plead to the mdiotment, and in a olear distinct voice he pleaded " Not guilty," and »jury having been empanelled, the evidence far the prosecution commenced about half past eleven o'clook. The remain- der of the day waB oooupied by the examination ot fate witnesses, three of whom were merely formal, and ocon pied only a few minutes The two important witnesses nore Catherine Latimer and Mary M'Leod Thejury retired to ooniider their verdiot about twenty minutes past one o'clock, and returned in about an hour with an unanimous verdiot of " Guilty on both oharges " The Lord Justioe Clerk then sentenced the prisoner to be exeouted at Glasgow on tbe 38th of July, and in pass- ing sentence said that the verdiot of thejury proceeded upon evidence whioh oould leave no reasonable doubt on the minda of those by whom it waa oonaidored. ihe prisoner, who had maintained great oomposure throughout the five days of the trial, seomed greatly at feoted when the verdiot was pronounced, and leant «lightly on the policeman sitting beside bim, but white the sentenoe was being recorded ho completely regained his composure, and atter sentence was passed upon him be bowed to the Judge and also to the jury, before leav- ing the dook After Dr Prit chard's oonviotion he was removed from the bar of the Justiciary Court to the cell below, where lie partook of tea Immediately on reaohing the oell where the refreshments were set, he said to one of the policemen who bad charge of him-" I m innocent of this oharga " T hiB was the only remark he made. On going to take his plaoe in the van he oovered his face with his hat to prevent ¿belargeorowdthrongh whioh he bud topais gazing upon lum. On the ensuing night, July 7, the prisoner was very restless like a person in fever. He only slept about an hour There were]three worders with him all night, who engaged m religious exorcises, the prisoner joining willingly with them. He frequently aseerted his ínuo oeooe to those around him and said he had been convicted by mistake It appears he was so confident that tho verdict would be m his favour that on the 6th he stated to those around bim that he wou d immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi On baturda» morning July 8, Dr. Pntohard waa removed from the Calton Gaol, Edinburgh, lo Glasgow, under the ohargo of a criminal ofiioer and three assistants The prisoner was attired in a blaok dress suit, which he had on during the trial. Before leaving the gaol he was sbacMed to the offioers, and he i emained fastened in this way through- out the journey. Ho appeared quite composed, and looked about him with the utmost coolness His depar- ture was witnessed by a large number of persons w ho bad assembled on the platform. The following extracts are from Dr Pritchards diaij -17th February, 1865 - Died here at 1 a m , Mary Jane, my own beloved wife, aged 38 years, no torment surrounded her bedside, bu , hko n oilm, peaceful lamb of God, passed Minnie awa May God in Jesus, Holv Ghost, one in three welcome Minnie Prayer on prayer till mine bo o'er, everlasting love Save us, Lord, for tby dear Son " CONFESSION OF DR PRITGIUIlD Tbe conviot shortly after made a written confession of the murder of his wife, the prisouer confessed Iiib guilt to Mr. Oldham, Episcopalian olergyman, in n private manner, but Air Oldham requested that Pntohard should write the confession, and be did so. The con- fession states that Mary M'Leod, the servant girl, was aware that he was poisoning his wife, and that on tbe evening of his wife's death, when be administered adose of chloroform, M Leod was present Pri oner givea as a motive for poisoning his wife, hia improper intimacy with M'Leod, and denies that he poisoned his mothci. in-law, Mrs Taylor, who, he scys, died from an overdose of Battley'a solution He confessed to having drugged the solution found m her pocket after death, but denies that it was poisoned before bub expired It is said that when hia brother, sister, and daughter wore present with him the day previouB to his confession, the latter bad kneeled in the coll, and prayed him, if he had poisoned her mamma, to oonfess, and it is alleged that he then acknowledged his guilt. 1 he following ia a copv of the confesBion - "I Edward William Pritchard, M D ,M R 0 ?? F., and L A 8 , &c; , hereb\ make in writing, in the presence of the Rev K. S Oldham, M A , tbe following confession, tor transmission by him to the proper authorities - It was when my wito was at Ardentmny,* in the summer of 1863 that 1 first beoame intimate with the girl Mary M'Leod, sleeping with her in my bouse at 22, Royal orescent Ihisoontinued at in ten als up to the time of oin removal to 131, bauohiehall-street She became pregnant in May last [year], and with her own consent I procured a miscarriage I have reason to believe that Mrs. Pritchard was quite aware of thiB,and rather sought to oover my wickedness and tolly. My mother in law, Mrs '1 nylor, came loat February to our homo, and caught Mary M'Leod and myself in the consulting-room, and the day before her death, having apparently watched us elie said to me, in the same room, ' You have locked her into the cupboard,' which waB true, but nothing more pasBtd. I declare Mrs. taylor to havo died in the manner I have staled , and 1 now believe her death to have been caused by an overdose of Bat tley's solution of opium The aconite found in that bottle was put in by mo after her death, and designedly left there in oi dar to pru\e death by misadventure, in case any inquiry should take plaoe Mrs Pntohard was much better immediately after ber mother's death, but subsequently beoime exhausted from want of sleep I accounted for this by the shook produced by hermothei's death, and, hardly knowing how lo act, at her own earnest request I gave her chloroform It was about midnight Mary M'l eod was in the room, and in an evij I moment (being, besides, Bomowhat excited by whisk)), j yielded to the temptation to give her sufficient to cause death, which I did. I therefore deolare before God, as a dying man, and in the preBenoe of my spiritual adviser, that I am inno;ent of the crime of murder, bo far as Mrs. Taylor is concerned, but acknowledge myBelf guilty of the adultery with Mary M'Leod and the murder of my wife. 1 feel now as though I had been living in a species of madness since my oonneotion with Mary M'Leod ; and 1 deolare my solemn repentnnoo of my crime, earnestly prsying that I may obtain Divine forgivene'B before I Buffer the penalty of the law.-Edward William Pritchard." , Witnesses: John Stirling, governor; R. S. Oldham and John Mutrie. North Prison, Glasgow, July 11, 1865\. - ' After the publication of the above confession, the con- vict was visited by the Rev. Dr. Norman Maolcod, the Rev. Dr. Miller, the Rev. Mr. Reid, Episcopalian clergy- man, and the priäon ohaplain. It is said that after the prisoner had remarked to one of his spiritual advisers that his oonfession was true, he was told that not a word of it was believed out of doors, and that he (the minister himself) was of the same opinion. The prisoner, it is alleged, then lay back, and looking oalmly towards the calling of his cell, expressed himself to the effect that he had often wondered why Christ while on earth had expe- rienced such difficulty in dealing with unbelievers ; but that after the minister's remirk he was not now surprised. On another accesión it is said that the convict began railing at his trial, and finding fault with the judge and his leading counsel, who, he isid, he believed was in' leigue with the Crown authorities. On being reminded that a person in his position should not give vent to snob expressions, he made a remark to the effect that be could ascend the sosffold with a smile upon his face. Some days afterwards, however, whether influenced by what his spiritual adviser had told him respecting the universal disbelief in his statement, or aotualed by his own feelings, the convict made another confession, with- drawing the former one. Here it is in full : " Confession by Edward William Pritchard, and made in the prcsenoeof an All- seeing God, and of the Rev. T. Watson Reid, my present spiritual adviser, on the I9lh day of July, 18B5, at Glasgow prison, for communication to the proper authorities. 1, Edward William Pritchard, in the fall possession of all my senses, and understand- ing the awful position in which I am placed, do make free and open confession that the sentence pronounced upon me is just; that I am guilty of the death of my mother-in-law, Mrs. Taylor, and of my wife, Mary Jane Pritohard ; that I can assign no motivo for the conduot which aotualed me beyond a species of terrible madness and the ubb of ardent spirits. 1 hereby freely and fully state that the confession made to the Rev. B. S. Oldham on the lltb day of this month was not true, and I hereby oonfesB that 1 alone, not Mary M'Leod, poisoned my wife in the way brought out in evidence at my trial ; that Mrs. Taylor's death was oaused according to the wording of the indictment I further state to be true; and the main fuels brought out on my trial I hereby fully ac- knowledge, and now plead wholly and solely guilty thereto, and may God have morey on my sonl ! I pray earnestly for repentance net lo bo repented of, and for forgiveness from Almighty God, through the intercession of our blessed Redeemer, Mediator, and Advocate, Jesus Christ the Lord and Saviour. Fellow creatures, pray for me, and let me add I am in charity with all men. I havo now to reoord -my humble thanks to all who havo taken part in any way for my interest. First to their lordships the j udges for their great patienoa, forbearance, and careful consideration of my oise, and to the gentlemen of the jury, to all the offi- cials; I cannot help mentioning the clerk of tho High Court of Justiciary, the Governor (Mr. Smith) of the Edinburgh Gaol, the ohaplain, Rev. Mr. Russell, Head warder Nelson, Warders John Livingtone and Mackin- tosh; the Governor of Glasgow Prison, Mr. Stirling; Mr. Armour, bead- warder ; chaplain, Mr. Doran ; his assis- tants, Messrs. Hogg and Troup ; warders Mutrie, Thom- son, &o.; ; to Dis. Leishman and Dewar, surgeons to Glasgow Prison ; and Dr. Simpson, of Edinburgh gaol. To the non-officials my heartfelt thanks are apeciallydue; fo the Rîv. Dr. Miller, of Free St. Matthew's, Glasgov; and to other ministers who havo written mo, not adding their names ; to Dr. Norman Macleod-may God bless him ; and to my own immediate faith professors, Rev. R. S. Oldham and Rev. T. WatsoD Reid ; to the police autho- rities-Superintendent M'Oall and police at the central office, Glasgow; to sergeant Stewart, of the Edinburgh police force ; and the sheriff's officers Wilson, of Glasgow, and Ferguson, of Edinburgh ; and to many others whose courtesy and kindness 1 oannot forget ; above all, to Sir Archibald Alison, Sheriff, &o;, for his humane, gentle treatment, while undergoing his legal duties. May each and all accept the thanks of a dearly penitent sinner, and may Heaven be their reward, is the last prayer of Edward William Pritohard." There íb also conuected with Dr. Pritchard another eise on which perhaps he may bo able to throw some light: some thrao or four years ago a female servant in his employ was fonnd burned to death in his house. She was found lying on her back on the bed, with the lower part of her person mnch burned, and the door was looked, but the key could not be discovered. At the time the case excited grave suspioion that she did notcorneiy her death fairly, and it Beemed almost incredible That a woman who was burned to death should bo fonnd lying on her back. She naturally would have endeavoured to Bave herself, and the inference drawn from the odd oir cnniBtanoes was that the unfortunate young woman waa already dead before the bed took or was sot on fire. Ia reference to this oircumstance, a Glasgow journal ob- serves :-"Some facts have como to our knowledge con- nected with the mysterious burning of the servant in his house In Berkeley-terraoe, calculated to throw a deeper shade of suBpioion over the occurrence than anything contained in the narratives of the calamity. It is quite true that the door of the room whero tho servant waa sleeping was lacked, but it was not quite so certain that it was locked from the inside. The key was not in the look, but it was found by Dr. Prit- chard in a room full of smoke, lying on the bed where the servant lay, charred and lifeless. Nobody saw the key until it was in tho doctor's hand, and how he could havo so readily found it in bo unlikely a place, amidst the dense and almost suffocating smoke, remains a mystery that we fear points only to one solu- tion. On another matter, viz , tho motive for the double murder of whioh he has been found guilty-considerable light is thrown by his relations with a wealthy heiress in Glasgow. The young lady in question had some £14,000 in her own right. Dr. Pritchard was on visiting and generally pretty familiar terms with the heiress, upon whom, Bimple and unsuBpeoting to a degree, no blame rests. Aware of her resourcos, the doctor sought a loan of some money. Before giving it, tho young lady oonsultod a friend, who advised that the monoy should not be given. The advioo was acted upon, and the refnaal broke up the correspondence. The hiatus in the intercourse thus created rendered it im- possible for the proseeution to introduce this episode into the trial ; but, had matters all gone right, it is easy to perceive «hat light it would have shed upon the one point in the case on which no light fell in court, and no light has yet fallen in bia confession. 