PASTURE AND ARABLE LAND. to Tnw mrroR. Sir— I see that my friend, .'A Flat on the Murray,' seems bent on dragging me into a con test whether I will or no. Now. being merely a hiimhle farmer, more conversant with the plough than the pen, I am naraiy aaapieu iur iau«»uB on a dispute through the columns of the .tress, not having my opponent's leisure for cultivating my arithmetic and sharpening the pinions of my satire; but all that astratghtforwardmancandol will do by responding once more to A Mat and that, too, in my own proper name, for I do most emphatically scorn the cowardice of, faghting behind a fence, at the same time informing him '.his is the last time 1 shall take notice of sny communication addressed to me, whether fc emanates from the pen of A llat, 'A Cook,' or 'A Shepherd,' old or young. Now, 'A Flat' says 'I prove too much.' Very likely. It seems that I have proved too much for his philosophy to stand, since he has been again compelled to mount that poor half-starved goat of his, and, waving aloft his banner of defiance, rides again into the lists the champion of the Bquatters. his device being ' sheep dying by thousands,' and his motto no valuation, no taxation.'. And aU this warlike display— all this waste of pen and ink-all this laborious marshalling of figures, and squeezing out of convenient totals is for my express benefit. I am an antagonist bo formidable that A flat marshals all this terrible array to toll a poor insig nificant farmer, and I am not dead yet. I hope I shall survive the fearful charge of his army to prove a little more. I think I did prove to bis satisfaction that until tbe 1st July, 18to, the best lands in the colony were in the hands of the squatters at £1 per square mile. He says this is 'amusing.' So it was; very much so. So long as they held the game (I mean the winning side of it) in their own hands things went smoothly, the Rheen yielded their increase and lived, the wool yielded its ample returns, flocks and herds throve and multiplied, plenty of good meat found its way into the market at times, proving the existence of good pasturage, the squatter* revelled in their gains and went home to spend them, exulting that they could draw so much from a country to which they were under the necessity of paying so little; in fact, 'all went merry as a marriage bei' until that unlucky tune came upon them when the leases began to expire. Some saw the clouds looming and began to furl their -saris, but the majority could notbeueve that theuymight would not serve for right until, like the ghost of Banquo intruding upon Macbeth's banquet, Goyder glides in amongst them, an equally unwelcome guest; then the amusement ceases, the relics of the feast were swept away, the plate which adorned 'hidden out of sight, all the paraphernalia of prosperity and comfort carefully concealed and in their stead appears the squatter with lengthened visage bemoaning his losses, winding all up with the perpetual climax, 'sheep dying by thousands.' 'A Flat' says that he trusts what ever statement of bis 1 controvert that 1 will prove. Quite right ; and I repeat the proof is patent to alL 'Facts are stubborn things,' and any person needs but consult the returns from the land sales for a heavy aritumenton the squatter's profiu andlosaes. Did we find any of them saying, Well, I am glad my lease is out, for I fiudmyself losmgso much that Iwill risknomore, but turn to what 1 know is more profitable and easy farming!' Oh. no ; they knew better. Now many of thenx tried farming hrat, and got starved out ; but in the face of their lamen tations on bad land and high rental, they will pay hundreds and thousands to prevent the f*rmer getting any of their land. Any flat can see what a losing game theirs must. be. froin the facts elicited at a recent examination before Mr. Goode's Committee, where one man was paid £1,000 for merely holding his tongue; and we know that is not a solitary instance. Yet the very ? ni,n Mn ottnrri tn nav such masnincent jrices for land and silence talk of sheep uying oy housands, bad feed, no water. ta.-?or what! Why, to throw dust in the eyes of the public, and ?heat them of the fair value of the public land. Now speaking as man to man, I would ask A Fla^ what should be said of parties who could act m a way so opposed to all honesty, of men who all the public thieves, rogues, and pickpockets, [or merely seeking the full valuer of their own. Now it has been declared unparliamentary to jpeakof Bquatters' 'buggies,' and, indeed, the w\\-rd seeSs to bear a sting out of the House as well as in it, for my unlucky allusion to the vehicle Beems tohaverunover ' AFlat's' toes and pinched his corns, until he has cried out rather loudly than musically; but Buch epithets as the above are Parliamentary, and therefore I beg to apply them to any whom it may concern, and say they are the true rogues and pickpockets who resort to false statemeuts, bribery, and corruption, to evade the payment of a legitimate rent. 'A Flat has drawn out his balance-sheet so neatly 1 should be temp.ed to think he bad tried his hand at turning the sod himself and failed. And indeed no wonder he should if he could not calculate any better than he does now. He seems to forget that wheat does not grow like wool; in his hurry to run away from his rarm he forgets that the ground has to be ploughed, harrowed, the seed spread, and then the reaping. True, he will say, we have machines. Yes, but we have to buy them ; they don't grow like po*ts. Yet he allows nothing for their purchase, interest for that money, or their wear and tear, with the expense of replacing. Then another feature of his farming is the absence of cattle, unless he means the sheep to plough. I suppose the horses would cost nothing. Again Irepeat 'facts are stubborn things.1' If 'A Flats' balance on the farmer's side were correct, how comes it that so many of them figure in the Insol vent Court every year, whilst so many of then1 more prosperous brethren (the squatters) go home to enjoy their fortunes and educate their children, whilst even on 'A Flat's' own showing the armer has to keep his poor little ones tending his ew sheep! At least this is what he suggests ; but [ must tell him that even we poor farmers have as much feeling for our children as the richer woolly ords; and since we cannot get lubras to mind our sheep for little or nothing we are compelled to go to the expense of a shepherd, and give our little ones sufficient education to refute the flats of the next generation, should such animals be left to exist so long. 'A Flat' says the farmer has the' advantage of the taxes being expended on the roads. Well, that is good; I never heard of a sqiatter's road, and I think that in carting Ms stores up apd his wool down the Bquattei has as much value from the roads as the tarmei has who paid for thprn. With respect to the mor tality amongst the cattle, I do not for a mp.raen1 deny that cattle die; but all is not to bo laid at (he door of the terrible drought Is nothing said aboul the pleuro- pueuinoniaf And let me reminc 'A Flat' and others who have cried' wolt m often without reason that if that fearful scourgi should enter the sheep they may then complain but I cannot believe tliat healthy cattle given tnei liberty will ever die of want; they will rathe wander hundreds of miles to some fanner's wheat field and get pounded. As a oarting word to my friend I would favou him with another strip of 'bombastic fustian' b reminding him that there are as great humbug out of the Society as there are in it; that, knowin how well he is calculated to adorn that augui assemblage, I shall yet hope to see him take pn i cedeuce of myself in the highest honours of tl . Humbug Society, and shall trust to see him whei ? his mente justly place him- in the chair of tb ( Great Unsurpassable Sham, proposed by his Very humble servant, JOHN BARROW. Ashwell, August 7, 1865. 