THE CATHEDRAL LIBR ARY. It 1b now between forty and fifty yes rears ago that tbat 1 I obtained leave Irom from the JDean and Chapter of TFinterbury Cathedral to read for Bome weeks in their cathedral library. The editions of the Fathers and of some important middle-age writers which are preserved in that quiet library boast of peculiar excellence, and I well remember the exultation with which I, then a very young man, received news of the desired permission to ransack those treasures. Having secured a small lodging in the Close, or Cathedral enclosure, I set out for "Winterbury early in the year 182—. Through the kindness of one of the canons, who seldom had to consult the library on his own account, I was provided with a key to the library buildings, and allowed to keep undisturbed possession of it as long as my visit lasted. This key gave access not only to the library, but to all parts of the cathedral likewise, including even the cloisters, so that I was able to let myself in and out of the noble edifice at all hours of the day or night, and to ramble unchallenged through aisle, crypt, stalls, triforium, and organ-loft. i have never forgotten, and shall never forget, the day on •which I ftrst took my seat in the room which was to be the special scene of my labours. The library lay on the south side of the cathedral, being a lower continuation of the south trancept, and forming one side of the cloister court, It was obviously, therefore, raised above the height of the cloister-vaulting, and it was reached by a flight of stairs opening into the cathedral itself. Narrowness (itmeasured about eighty feet by thirty), and a certain antique collegiate air (and smell too, to be perfectly accurate) about the binding of the books and the coverings of the chairs, were its chief characteristics. There was a bust of Cicero at one end, and of Seneca at the other. Some smaller busts of the principal Greek fathers adorned the side-shelves, and a dingy portrait of the "judicious" Hooker abode in a musty frame over the heavy stone mantelpiece. The fender itself Was of stone, or rather the fire-place was not protected by a fender at all, but by a small stone wall, about three inches thick and six inces high, -which afforded blissful repose to the outstretched foot. One April evening, shortly after sunset, wben there was still daylight enough to read the titles on the backs of the books, I walked across the Close in order to fetch and bring away with me a couple of volumes of which I stood in need. It was an honr •when the grand old cathedral is accustomed to put on its very best appearance. The heaven-kissing spire and the far lower, but beautiful, western towers are tinted with the faint rose-colour which suits old stonework so admirably; and the deep gloom of the cloisters, tempered by the glow from the noble piles of masonry overhead, makes it possible and easy to realise some of the rapturous visions of the recluse. I as usual down the nave, and, having ascended the little staircase, let myself into the library, and was on the point of attacking the necessary book-shelf, when instead of placing the key in my pocket, as it was my habit to do, 1 tossed it carelessly on to the sill of an adjoining window. The woodwork of the library was by no means in a sound condition, and between the inner edge of the sill and the wall there was a wide chink, opening down into unseen depths of distance. Into this chink, impelled by my evil genius, or by one of the ghostly beings that (as I was assured by the verger) haunt the library and cloisters, down tumbled my unlucky key. I saw it disappear with a sharp twinge of vexation, principally, however, at the thonght of the time and trouble that would be consumed in bringing it to light again. To-morrow, I said to myself, I shall be forced to get a carpenter to remove this sill, and rake up the key from Heaven knows where; while smirking Mr. Screens, the verger, will watch the whole proceeding, and insinuate with silent suavity a doubt whether I am a fit person to be entrusted with Canon Doolittle's key. It was not until I had come down from the short ladder with the books under my arm, and, warned by the deepening shades, was about to leave the library, that the foil effect of the key's disappearance presented itself to my mind. The outer gate and the inner door of the nave had been carefully shut by me, according to custom, on entering the cathedral. All the gates and doors were fitted with a springlock, so that, without my key, I was doublelocked into the building. My first thought was one of amusement, and I fairly laughed aloud at my own perplexity. It seemed an impossible and inconceivable thing that one might really have to pass the entire night in this situation. Presently I left the library, the door of which I had not shut on entering, and went down the staircase into the transept, and then into the nave. I carefully tried the inner door, but without effect. I had done my duty on entering, and it was hopelessly and mercilessly fastened against me. Resolved on maintaining unbroken self-possession, I returned to the library. It was now quite dark, the only light being that reflected from the shafts of the cloisters, on which the moonbeams were now beginning to fall. I -sat down in a large arm-chair which stood at one end of the libraiy-table, and thought over all the possible means of extricating myself from an unexpected durance. Should I go up to the belftey in the north-western tower, and toll one of the bells until the verger, roused from his first sleep, should come to see what was the matter ? but even this I could not do without the key, which would be required to open the door at the entrance of the tower. Or should .1 make my way into the organ-loft, and, filling the bello ws quite full, stnke a succession of loud chords, until the music might attract the attention of some passer-by? This might be done, but it would be a perilous. experiment. Half Winterbury would ,be seized with the belief that their old cathedral was haunted. The organ- loft would. be invaded by mergers, beadles, and constables—there were no blue- coated police in those days—and I 'should move about _ the ancient city ever after with the stigma of a madcap on /my . head. : People would nod knowingly&t; tine another as I passed, and significantly tap their foreheads, by way of hinting that I was "a little touched." Canon Doolittle would recall his key, and abstain from inviting me to his hospitable table. Gradually, therefore, I gave up the scheme of saving myself by means of the organ; and the belfry being already set aside, no other resource remained but to stay where I was, and quietly to pass the hours as best I could until Mr. Screens should open the doors at about half-past six o'clock in the morning, ready for the seven o'clock prayers in the Lady Chapel. I was luckily undisturbed by any fears arising from the possible anxiety of my landlady. "Winterbury is near the sea; and I had on more than one occasion spent the greater part of the night on the clifis, watching the glorious moonlit effects upon the romantic coast scenery of that district. These Mrs. Jollisole was accustomed to call my " coast-guard nightsand I made no doubt that, should I fail to appear, the sensible old lady would go contentedly to bed, supposing me to hare mounted guard on the cliffs. I, therefore, lost no time in composing myself, if not to sleep, at any rate to an attempt at sleep. The libraiy table was always surrounded by an array of solemn old oak chairs, padded with cushions of yellowish leather, and looking as though—if their own Opinion were consulted—no mortal man of lower degree than a prebendary should ever be allowed to seat himself upon them. At each end of the table there was a chair of a superior order—a couple of deans, as it were, keeping high state amidst the surrounding canons. These chairs were made of precisely the same kind of oak, and covered with leather of exactly the same yellowish tinge as the others," but their whole design was larger and more imposing, and what was of the most consequence to me in my present position—they were armchairs, affording opportunity for all manner of easy and sleep-inviting postures. Throwing myself into one of those dignified receptacles, I soon fell asleep, and soon afterwards took to dreaming. Leaning in my dream on the sill of the library window, I fancied myself to be gazing down into a peaceful churchyard. One by one, like gleams of moonlight in the dark shade of the surrounding cloisters, I saw a number of young girls assemble, and fall with easy exactitude into rank, as if about to take part in a procession. Each slender figure was draped in the purest white muslin, with a veil of the same material arranged over the head, and partially concealing the face. Just as one sees at the present day in Soman Catholic churches at the more important jetes, the procession was arranged according to the gradations of height. The very young children were in the front, and as the other end of the line was approached, the pretty white figures grew gradually taller, until girls of eighteen or nineteen brought up the rear. They presently began to move, and it was clear that they were about to take part in some solemn office for the dead. With two priests at their head, they made the circuit of the cloisters, moving along with graceful regularity of step. Between each pair of the slender columns of the cloister building, I imagined that a small Btone basin (or "benitier") was set, standing on a low pedestal, and filled with holy-water. Each girl walking on the side next to these basins was furnished with a small broom of feathers, like those which may at any time be seen in the Continental churches. Dipping these brooms from time to time into the basins of water, they waved them in beautiful harmony with their own harmonious movements, sprinkling the ancient monumental dabs over whieh they were stepping. They sang to a strain of rare melody, the familiar words of Mequiem JEternam. Presently they seemed to change time and tune, and to Bing a hymn of many verses, each verse ending with a refrain. A single voice would give the verse, but all joined together in the plaintive music of the refrain:— Through life's long day and death's dark night, O gentle Jesus! be our Light! I have heard much music, secular and sacred, since then; but I know of no musical effect which abides with me so constantly as that imagined chanting of young voices heard along ago. One girl in particular attracted my attention as I dreamt. She was one of the pair who closed the procession, and was of a commanding height and extremely elegant figure. She had, as it seemed to me, taken excessive precaution in drawing her ample veil closely around her head and face • • • • On a sudden I awoke. There, in one of the decanal arm-chairs, I was sitting— in an easy, familiar posture, as if I had been myself a dean—and there beside me, close at hand, within reach of my outstretched arm, was a tall figure in white, clearly a female form, and the precaution had been taken of drawing an ample veil closely around the head and face. Any one but an imbecile would have acted as I did, though I remember taking some credit to myself at the time for my coolness and presence of mind. I simply sat still and stared; and by degrees I observed, I conned. Years before, in my boyhood, I had walked a good deal on the stretch ; and I had known what it was in North Devon to wake np " upon the middle of the night," to feel the hard, unyielding turf underneath one's back, and to see and gaze, gaze wistfully upon the bright unanswering stars above one's head. Even then one could divine the true value of ,a bed. But to wake on the downs in the small hours, is a trifle compared with waking in a cathedral any time between dew and dawn. More especially when, as was my case, you have a ghost at your elbow." Not that my ghost remained long stationary. She did not. Starting from my arm-chair, she began a survey of the shelves by moonlight in so active and business-like a manner that I felt no doubt, given her quondam or present mortality, she was or had been " a blue." In five minutes, my powers of decision were wide awake, and the question of her mortality was settled. She was not a thing of the past, but alive as I myself was; and the only scruple was, how or how soon to awaken her from her somnambulist's dream. While I was debating with myself the best means to pursue, she suddenly passed out of the library "door OK to the" " atone staircase. My alarm was now fairly excited. She had two courses to pursue in her sensational career—I employ the word in a more correct use than it is commonly put to. She might either turn downwards towards tie floor of the church itself in which case she could do herself little or no harm; or she could mount the ascending staircase, and reach an outward parapet with Heaven knew what mad scheme in view, before I had time to overtake her. She chose the second alternative, and—she leading, I following—we mounted the lofty staircase that leads to the base of the spire. I was aware that the door at the top of this particular ascent was not furnished with a lock; it was fastened by a simple bolt, and I had little doubt that my • sleep-walking friend would shoot that bolt back as readily as she had taken down and replaced the books on the library shelves. My greatest fear was that she might begin playing some mad prank upon the parapet before I was sufficiently near to arrest her movements. I need hardly add that, influenced by the dream of consequences commonly said to follow on a sudden awakening from a fit of somnam- bulism, I inwardly resolved to try every means of humouring and coaxing my companion down again to terra firma, and only as a last resort to attempt arousing her. In a few moments we stood side by side on the platform looking down on Winterbury, which lay outstretched in the white moonlight. It was a tranquil and beautiful scene. There was the church of St. Werburgh, a noble monument of thirteenthcentury building, which would attract instantaneous admiration anywhere but under the shadow of Winterbury Cathedral. There was the fine old market-place, with the carved stone pump at which Cromwell drank as he passed through the city; and the charmingly quaint Guildhall, and the ruins of the abbey skirting the river in the distance. I was not permitted, however, long to enjoy the prospect. Before I could, lift a finger to arrest her rapid movements, my mysterious companion had stepped lightly on to the parapet, and began a quick and perfectly unembarrassed walk around it. Dreading the experiment of forcible rescue, it occurred to me to try the effect of quietly accosting her, and endeavouring—by humouring her present mental! condition—to decoy her away from her perilous amusement. It was an awful moment of suspense. Should she lose her balance and her life, it would be next to impossible for me ever totally to clear up the enigmatical circumstance of my having been actually present by her side durin° that weird moonlit dance upon the parapet If, on the other hand, I were to seize and lift her from the top-stone, she might rouse the whole Close with frightful screams, she might faint—might even die—in my arms, or from the shock of sudden awakening she might lose her reason. But there was no time to stand balancing chances. Accordingly, I gently drew towards her side, and Baid, in as easy and collected a tone as I could command, " I think we left the libraiy door unlocked; before you complete your rounds, had we not better go down the stairs and secure it ? Having been allowed the entry of the cathedral, I think we are bound in honour to shut doors after us." ' To be sure,' she replied, and inBtantly, to my intense relief, dropped cleverly down into the space between the parapet and the lower courses of the spire. 1 To be sure, the door should be locked at once. Let us go down. I cannot make out who you are. In none of my former visits to the cathedral have I met you; but you seem to be no intruder, and I will certainly go down and secure the door as you suggest.' All this was uttered quickly and easily, but with an abstracted air, and without the slightest motion of her steadfast eyes. While still speaking, she stooped under the low doorway at the stair-head, and began to descend. I followed, busily devising plans for preventing any fresh ascent, and yet still avoiding the necessity of breaking the curious spell which bound her. We reached the library door. To my surprise, she produced a key of her own, and was about to turn the lock, when I remembered that at this rate I should be dsprived for the rest of the night of my only comforts, the warm atmosphere of the libraiy and the decanal arm-chair. I therefore extemporised a bold stroke. ' Excuse me,' I said, ' I have left my hat and a few papers inside, and having a canon's key, I will save you the trouble of locking up. But permit me to suggest that it is still very early in April, and the night is cold. Why not give up the rest of your walk for to-night, and return again on one of the glorious nights in May or June.' Without uttering a syllable in reply, she turned on her heel, and began slowly descending the staircase into the transept. My curiosity was now fairly on the alert, and I reBolved to unravel the mystery, at least so far as to discover by what means she would leave the oathedrai, and in what direction Bhe would go. Stepping for a moment into the library, I hastily but quietly slipped off my shoes on the matting of the floor, and followed her barefoot and silent. She was just stepping from the staircase into the transept, when I caught sight of her again. With the same steady and self-possessed action which she had dised throughout, she crossed the transept made straight for a small postern door which led, as I knew, into the garden of the bishop's palace. This she unlocked, and I made sure that, having passed through, she would lock it again behind her. Whether, however, she was a little forgetful* that night, or whether the unexpected rencontre with a stranger had ruffled the tranquil serenity of her trance, it so happened that she omitted to turn the lock, and I was able, after gently reopening the door, to trace her progress still further. Under the noble cedars of the episcopal gardens, past long flower- beds and fresh-mown lawns, I followed her barefoot, until we arrived within a few yards of the hinder buildings of the palace. Here. I stopped, under the dark shade of a cedar, and watched my companion walk coolly up to a little oaken, iron-clamped door, opened it, and disappeared within the houBe. Then of course I retraced my iteps towards the cathedral. But stopping again under one of the magnificent; cedars, I could not avoid a few moment's reflection on the exceedingly odd position into which accident had brought me. Here was I, alone and barefooted, standing, at two o'clock in the morning, on the lawn of the palace, where I had no more business than I had at the top of the spire, and the only place in which I could find shelter for the night was the cathedral itself, a building that most people would rather avoid than enter during the small hours. The queerness of my situation, however, did not prevent me from enjoying to the full the extreme loveliness of the gardens, and the glorious views of the splendid edifice, rising white and clear in the moonlight above their shady alleys and recesses. On regaining the library, I dozed away the remainder of the dark hours in the same commodious arm-chair, and as soon as the bell began to toll for the seven o'clock prayers, I passed unnoticed out of the building and regained my lodgings. ' Been keeping a coastguard night, sir P' said Mrs. Jollisole, as she set the breakfast things in order. * Why, yes, Mrs. Jollisole,' I answered, I did enjoy some rather extensive prospects last night.' And tbat was all that passed. I had fixed it in my own mind that I would keep my own counsel strictly until I should have called at the palace, and communicated the whole circumstances in confidence to the bishop, with whom I was slightly acquainted. This plan I carried into effect in the course of the morning. His lordship was at home, and listened with his customary kindness and courtesy to the whole of my romantic recital, Just as I was finishing, his study door opened, and a young lady entered, dressed in black, tall, and strikingly beautiful, though looking pale and fagged. Glancing at me she gave a slight start, and taking a book from one of the shelves, instantly left the room, after a few muttered words of apology for disturbing the bishop. It was my companion of the library and the tower. ' I see,' said his lordship, ' that you have recognised the ghost. - That -young lady is an o r P' lan uiece of mine, and has been bought U P ^ mJ house from her infancy. Never strong, sho has reduced what vigour she possesses by her ardent love of books, and her intellectual interest is awake to all kinds of subjects. She is equally unwearied in visiting amongst the poor, and often returns home from her rounds in a state of exhaustion from which it is difficult to roase her. About a twelvemonth ago wo first noticed the appearance of a tendency to somnambulism. She was removed for several weeks to the sea-side, and we began to hope that a permanent improvement had set in. A severe loss, however, which she has lately sustained, has, I fear, done her great injuiy, and here is proof of the old malady returning. 'We are indebted to you, sir,' added the kind old man, ' for your judicious and j;houghtful way of proceeding under the ciacumBtances of last night, and for at once putting me in possession of the detail, which will enable me to take the necessary precautions.' Before leaving the bishop's company, I begged him to go with me into the cathedral, and to be present while the carpenter removed the woodwork of the library window in order to recover the key. This he consented at once to do, and we crossed the gardens by the very route which 'the ghost' and I had traversed during the night. On removing the panelling, we found that the depth of the chink was comparatively trifling, and the key was soon seen shining among the dust. I was further gratified by another discovery, which, together with the extreme pleasure that it gave the bishop, quite indemnified me for my night's imprisonment. We noticed, partially concealed by rubbish in a niche of the wall below the panelling, the corner of a vellum covering. On further examination, this proved to be a MS copy of St. Matthew's Gospel, not indeed of the most ancicnt date, but adorned with very rare and curious illuminations, and making an excellent addition to the the stores of the library. After a tete-atete dinner that evening with the friendly bishop, we spent a pleasant hour or two in a thorough inspection of the newly-found treasure. It was little more than a month afterwards that I heard the great bell in the western tower toll the tidings of a death. One week more, and a sorrowing procession of school- children and women of the almshouses filed from the transept into the quiet cloister-ground, there to bury the last remains of one who would Beem to have been to them in life a loving and much-loved friend. It was so. The eager brain and the yearning heart, worn out with unequal labours, were laid to rest for ever. The bishop's frail nursling was dead.— Once-a- Week. 