THE 'VISIT OF THE LORD BISHOP OF MELBOURNE TO THE . I ' O YENS. " I The Plight Reverend. Dr. Perry, Lord Bishop of .Melbourne, arrived in Beech worth on Friday last. On Sunday he con firmed at the Church of England 'in that town, no less than thirty-nine young ■persons, twenty-five of whom were girls and fourteen youths. We have never I seen a larger attendance' in the Episco I palian Church, and it was all the more pleasant to witness it as latterly the at tendance—from a variety of very inade quate causes—has been rather slender. At the morning service His Lordship delivered a very impressive address to ■ the young persons about being confirmed. .He'.said that. the. 27th Article of' thé .Church declared'that " 'theebapi- ikm of children was in any wise to be ■ retained in the Church; as most agreeable with*the institution ■ of 'Christ." There- were, ■several reasons .for; this,.-although there, was no special') mention -of 'the baptism of infants' in ; the New Testament! ' But as 'in 'the Mosaic dispensation, parents . ..^erp. obliged ¡to bfing their; children to bo ■ - circumcised-, so Christian parents brought' "their childreri into covenant with Gód 'through baptism. ' But if there was no ' special mention' óf the ' baptism of chil ".dron,. there -was nothing to forbid it, and moreover, Oui- Blessed Lord had. en couraged parents to biing their children to him, and rebuked his disciples for keeping little children away from Him, taking them up "in his amis, putting. his hands on them, and blessing -them. Again, while they did not find special mention'of infant baptism during the fifty or sixty years over which tlie New Testament extended its history, neither did they- find that children . were kept without baptism till they arrived at the i years; of discretion. The Church consi- j dered that the omission in the1 latter case was more confirmatory of . the propriety Í of infant baptism .than the omission iii | the former.: case was confirmatory of its not being necessary. In the very early : ages of the Church, infant baptism is known to have, been universal ; they might, therefore,' fairly conclude that the practice ' existed from the first. . Children were baptized by the promise of their sureties—com- I monly called- their god-fathers and god mothers. The spiritual condition of •' Christian parents corresponded with the ' civil privileges of English parents. In the one case they inherited the spiritual responsibilities, in the other the civil responsibilities. When a child came out into the world, they would .observe that he himself must choose the law for. his guidance. - Every one was bound to accept the baptismal covenant. Every one was bound to choose for himself, whether he would accept life and goodj or death and evil. The Church required that all children who had been baptized should be taught what a solemn vow had been made by their sponsors,-and they must again when they come to the years of discretion, acknowledge, in the face of the Church, that they are bound to be lieve and do all those things which their god-fathers and god-mothers, had already promised for them. In order that they • might have a title to claim the, privileges, of the gospel, the Church made use of the ordinance of confirmation, and en-? joined that none of them could partake of tlfat other, sacrament of .the Lord's Supper, which the: Church r considered, aj help';to salvation:, . The Church did not," authorise, its ministers .to pronounce, on thë . spiritual conditionof, its members,, ¡but' to i'admonishjAVarn, and-to encourage j them. ' The'Church'required that every, man' should examine ; himself, and ac-;, ceptédjhim on thé professionsrhe himself made; ¡unless, thçy were distinctly,,denied, .by his conduct... ; The Church required : its. clergy, to withhold, the' fLqrd.'s Supper, from those who . ^yere. leading- immoral and .ungodly lives ; r but even here, . all was .done openly* and .the sinner called to repentance. , :The^ordinance J of coiifirr matiön admitted ; them ¡to .the, priviiege-of paítaking r.qf 4he,Communion, ¡and> tliat;, ,was;-one;.,pfTitsr; benefits. ! , When, it .was, announced ..that a .confirmation was to*' . take. ; place,.it became,¡ the duty...of the parochial, clergy to bring distinctly before •those whom, they, considered fitted to re ceive the, ordinance the obligations under which ¡ they laboured. They should be of . an age when.they were just entering, upón* manhood and womanhood. It was. the duty of. the .clergyman ■ to instruct them so that they would not come to the ordinance ignorant of what they were about to do,, and what precepts were en joined them in the Scriptures. When these young persons had been carefully instructed, and admonished not to take the name of the Lord their God in vain, they came forward in the presence of the congregation and professed that they acknowledged themselves ready to do ail that had been promised for them. They then received this confirmation at the hands of the Bishop, accompanied by the prayers of the congregation. They ought to carry the remembrance of this through their lives in their struggles against the world, the flesh, and the devil. They ought to bear in mind that in re ceiving the blessing of the Bishop they were receiving the blessing of God. The ordinance of confirmation was not peculiar, to the Church of England. It was derived from the authority of the Apostles themselves. In the 8th chapter oí the Book of Acts, when the people of Samaria had received the word of God and were baptized, the Apostles came from Jerusalem and laid their hands on those already admitted into the Church of Christ, and they received the Holy Ghost. That ordinance had been handed down from that time, being administered after the Apos tles by then successors the Bishops. It had been no where recommended by their blessed Lord, and therefore they did not regard it as a. sacrament, but it was nevertheless of a sacramental character,.so that those who .received it received also grace . and strength. An ordinance would confer no beneiit unless it was received rightly, with humble penitence and a contrite heart. He trusted that those young persons about to receive it would receive it rightly, and that they had been instructed not to receive it hypocritically or thoughtlessly. Some of them appeared younger than lie would perhaps generally desire to see confivmeed,. but he. trusted they all un derstood what they had come to do—: namely, to ratify -and confirm, their baptismal covenant, ss that they might be - preserved from ( all the lusts' of the world, the flesh, and tho deviL VThere was one part of thé ^promjses,'they ^..woreT about to i-eûéw• tó.wliiçH'^ô'^o.àld'Y ■ticalarly 'call attention, the renouncing the devil and-.raU rhis^works, the vain pomp and glory of the w'orld, and' .the carnal clcsives of the tfeshlc.' Thei'o weie sonié things from vfhich''- evàiy'JÔhriëtian.' would • natuivally^ limiy* ^ others': not'"expressly r.,%rbidden'^whiM1 might-: ieave,ji"seriousi!" : doubt^'- int:itlïëïr minds.: T^oy.^ittgia^r^^tjyrprëjiliosè' pomps. and ^YámuLés^,QÍP^¿e\Tfqflá 'and5 lusts-of .tiíé flestí"."1 EvéníwÍleré>i{>'od7ÍiiicÍ not given .any^exp^ess-nde of condt&t;' they mightMs' word^ck-fäm; 'principles fór theiligmdáúco.'He.remínded' them• of several texts - relating to': these matters, and they ought to learn them by heart/ so. that when ..they, felt .'themselves in doubt as to 'what théy ought to do or not to do,r they might. recall those 'texts as a guide to'their conduct. The Epis tle öf John bids them, ' Love not the world neither the things of the world.' They were also told,. " to. lay not up to themselves treasures on earth, but treas ures in heaven." Paul writing to Tim- ! othy said that they would be lovers of : pleasure more than lovers of God. The seed which had been sown among thorns •was" compared with those who heai'd the -word:of G-od but did not .profit . by it. Then there were texts especially appli cable to'young women. ,St, Paul writ ing to Timothy said, Mn like manner also that women,adorn . themselves in' 'modest apparel' with shamefacedness and', sobriety,, not with broidered hair, or gold for pearls or costly array."' * He did not take this to mean .that "vyonaen shpuld not braid their hair or adorn themselves, but: that;théy should not think as much, of those things as they, thought of God., Let them.' adorn.,themselves -with Christ tián .grace and not,-with outward adorn ments. " If you live after the flesh .you. shall.die." They had also to carry on a, conflict with the temptations of the world, the'flesh- and- the devil. They ought .to., consider whether, their thoughts or acts were not merely posi tively evil in themselves, but whether they tended to evil. They should begin and end every day with prayer. They should also regard the Sabbath as a day of rest from labor, and should not allow any one to persuade thorn to profane it'.' Let it be observed as a holy day, and then it would be a happy day, ' and;it would thus be the means of making,other days holy and happy. Nor should they neglect to come to the Lord's table. Christ had told them to eat of that bread and drink of that wine in remem brance of him. In that sacrament they spiritually partook of his flesh and blood. Tho sacrament of the Lord's Supper was ordained for all Christians without exception, nor should sin, or infirmity, or shortcoming prevent their partaking, of it. It appeared to be thought by many that by going to the communion table they exposed themselves to a more severe judgment. They should not so deceive themselves; They would in ther •end b.ejali judged-on. the same ground; by :tlíé iword that Christ has spoken. If they; had'" shown'by-their lives that Jthey,, wèm true: children of Christ they-would be'acceptable'on ¡the. final -day, -but i if ; they had -lived -ungodly.: lives,' then, whether they had been communicants or hot,irthe''words they would hear would be, ¡ ■'.Départ' from me, yë cursed, into ever lasting j fire.' ' His Lordship1 then i-àgàin; addressed himself especially to :i the 'children;;¡ who" subsequently > proceeded ;towards4he -communion; table, iwherethe Bishop Md hands upon them and con firmédithem. ■ In ;the-evening tho church was a little le.ss'crowded, than in the morning, and thé service on " this occasion was-per-: formed; by-the'Rev. Mr Crosswell, from Mórse'p « Creek. . - The Bishop again "preached, i taking for the ■ text the 6th : Chaper öf St.~. Paul's Epistle to ' the, : Galátians, 7th; 8t-h, 9th, and lOth verses. ' Bejnöt'deceived, I God is :not mocked ; .for-whatsoever à man.sowetli; that shall ;he also reapl -■ ; ' ' For |lie-that soweth to his flesh,'shall ;of t-ho flesh-reap corruption ; 'but he that sowethto the spirit, shall.: of'the spirit reap life' everlasting. ' " v • ' ■' And let us; hot be weary in well doing ; "for; in ! due season : we • shall : reap, if we faint not. :. L As w e have therefore opportunity, let us do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the household of faith.' On this text his Lordship preached a very sensible, effective, and liberal ser mon ; but having given .his morning address at some length, as being under all the circumstances the more interest ing of the two, we regret that our space will not permit us to give this also. The subscriptions at both services were an nounced as being intended to be devoted to the purchase of books for the Sunday School connected with the church, and amounted altogether to ten guineas. His Lordship, proceeded' to Yackan dandah yesterday morning, and goes thence during the week to Belvoir, Chiltem, probably Rutherglen, and thence back by Wangaratta to Mel bourne. He will, not on this occasion visit Morse's Creek, as we believe was for a time his intention, his metropolitan and other duties preventing a longer stay in this district at present. Let us hope now, that through the Bishop's visit the Beechworth congregation have been once more brought together, they will remain together as a Christian body should. The Goolwa.—We hear says the D&niliquin; Chronicle that great activity is beginning to manifest itself respecting the opening of the Murray river trade. Half a dozen steamers are reported as waiting to ascend the rivers with their cargoes. 