BATHURST. (From our oton Correspondent.) . During the past week every preparation wasr, made for the important and impressive ceremony which took place this day, (Pentecost Sunday) namely the Confirmation of the Catholic youths and adults who had not already received that sacra ment. His Grace the Archbishop, assisted by Fathers O'Farreil, Keating, Athy, and Donovan. were constantly engaged from Tuesday to Saturday night in the various duties preliminary to tho administration of the Sacrament, to wit, instructing those who were not sufficiently instructed, examining those who presented themselves 'or examination, and hearing the Confessions of the hundreds of thq3e who had been already confirmed as of thsse who had not,, all of whom embraced the favourable opportunity of approaching the Sacraments. It was with no small amount of delight that the public generally, both Catholics and Protestants, perceived the great blessing of the restoration of his Grace's health. He seemed to be able to do as much work as the most youthful clergyman in the archdiocese, and may it be long before anything else can be said of him. On Saturday night so great was the crowd of penitents that his Grace and the clergymen remained in the Confessional until very late. On Sunday morning a Yery large number of persoie receivad Holy Communion. At eleven o'clock, a.m. those who were to be confirmed were seated in proper order, in the nave of the church, fronting the principal altar, and no more beautiful sight could be imagined than presented itself to the assembled spectators, the boys being all decently clad in black, and the girls all in white emble matic of the whiteness o! their souls on the solemn occasion. After the celebration of Mass His Grace delivered one of those happy and eloquent . discourses, for which he is famed, on the miraculous descent of the Holy Spirit on the Apostles, which, event was commemorated on that day. What happened to them visibly in Jerusalem at the Con* firrration.of the Apostles would happen again.-' to-day, namely, the Holy Spirit would descend with his sevenfold gifts in an invisible manner into the 8ouU of everyone who was properly prepared for the reception of the great Sacrament, of Cen» firmatiun. His Grace most beautifully explained,1 the efficacy of each particular gift and concluded this part of his learned discourse by reciting thff ? Hymns to the Holy Ghost,' in whica he was f-llowed in a loud voice by the vast assemblage present. The adminiairatiou of tut Sacrament then commenced, the recipients advancing two by two in the most perfect order, and returning by the aisles again to their seats. I counted of boya 99,.' and of girls 164. Many were put off until this day three weeks when Confirmation ffill take place again. The blessing of the new cemetery will be the next work which His Grace has kindly intimated his intention of executing for the good people of. Bathurst, oi which I will give you an account at earliest convenience. 