MISCELLANY. Bsckhyit, wife of vat of the city fathers of Hew Bedford pmauted her hnsband with three children at a birth. Tha delisted fether took j bl* Utile daughter, four yoart of ftge, to Me bee new { relations. Sue looted at the diminutive beings a few ' moments, when, turning to bar father, she Inquired, '* Pa, Which one k* you going to keep F I took the liberty of Muting, sen George A,* when I mr Augosta* Selft in *4wboee of the Week,' rived in tbelrish nufetmU*, the*. after a railway JouswT of 160 fnjigi, I should like some It was about una, uWon't a beefttaric with your tay doF asked thegood-humoured but Beep ing ted all but exhausted wetter. Mildly, but firmly, 1 stuck to my text—dinner. " All that's left of me," murmured the waiter, "nil get it for ye; but I've fire dinners on hand; an* tt'a me ghost tirftt*U be bringing fintMMk* their breekfrut in the momin'." He instill alive, however, that waiter, although very pale. Hasd oir Gmroups.—A oountrr "chnp," ! -who recently visited Ban Prancaoo for the Am time, | gives hie Views of the ladies in this way:—"Some- ] whare In every drctxtnfeeanoe of silk ana velvet that wriggle* along Montcomery-streei there's aliers a j woman, -! 'apote;j>ufcoow mud) of the holler U filled in with meat, and bow much is gammon, the mere I spectator dun Wo. A foliar marrrs a site, and finds, I when he cuma to the pint, that ha haanuthin' in life mm but a radar anatomy. AT man is gar de seevexa, wot'i torn* eald of the female that dress"ue for a hundred and fifty weight, but hasn't reely aa much fat on bar as would greaae a griddle—tU the apparent phunpnem of cotton and whalebone." Cnuots Ersrr.—A diffident Hartford bachelor wtat to the eea-diore in August to seek refuge from the loneUnres of hu celibacy, and one dark evening, enjoying tho bnwra oo the piazza of his hotel, happened to take a seat that had Just been vacated by the husband of a loving wife, with whom the happy man had been chatting, in a few momenta the lady returned, and, mistaking j the stranger for bar husband, lovingly encircled his I pftk gave htm an affectionate kiss, with the remark, "Come, darling, is it not about time to ■ retire r Be did not faint, but the shock was very { severe,—"The American Joe Miller." Ak Anecdote fob Axoi/BBS.—Some yean j ago, an aagte named Jacques Was fishing near of the present baronet, who now enjoy* the estate, b up to bimwnd said, " Who gave yon libetty to fish?" * "Nobody,* replied Jacobs. "Then what j I right have you beret*1 asked Bir Robert. right have you barer asked Sir Robert. "Asmuch as you have, and no more," said Jacques. "What! what do yon aay, you impudent rascal T Do you know who I amf "Nu»" said Jaoquea," nor I don't care." •'I'm—I'm—I'm Sir Bcbert Clifton," said he, in a violent ppyto" Jacques looted at him and smiled, ! then mid, "Ton Sir Bofcertl nmvenae! poobl I I i l.im v™*!* know him well—have taken wine with him. Tou'r not him; you may be hie butler!" This was enough; be swore and tore, and away be ran to the I tall for fufcistanoe, and Jacques immediately followed bis ex ample by **vit^ himself off In another direction. Letter of Cbabixs 1L—The l&et; num b^^ths " Antomohk Mirror" tenia In* the follow ing letter of CbadeeTL 5—" lam aoe much informed of your good to me, that I cannot double of 1 rour uMiltiiimri to assist me with the loons of fifty pounds web 1 will repay to yon aa aoon aa 1 am able, 6 the Acquittance web the Bearer shall give you ; (who knew* the way of returning St to roe)«ha& W your discharge, and oblige me: And I shall take your iiiiiiliiiii— to Most me herein Toy well Irom vou, A shall alwavs be,, your affectionate triad®, pa R» Pnrrriift*. thfe S^ii Of May, lfliS." " 1 doe acknowtedg to hare received from Jo!in Ellis, Esquire, Alderman efldOndcn, the sum of fifty pounds , starling, witness my hand this 30th of June, 1558.— I Jo. STO-HEtt. King Charles Lettd 28 May, 16&8." CcBBAK*a Cass.—Curron. on on* oocaeion, ..as employed on fefeir of the plaintiff in a case of —IbtyUiotUT bad ailed the defendant come td taken the Jaw Into his own hands, and threshed [ abase his ill-used client, Ac. | the Judge, " if a man met you in the street, called 1 you a scoundrel, and spat in your fin*, what would : toqdof"—" What would 1 dof'mid Canaa. "Be- , you dot"—'14 What would 1 dad, I'd knock him down as flat as a pancake f Hi*: rJitv** unneoreeai)' to my that the plaintiff lost his I Giassic Poetry.—Dean Swift wrote the j following epigram on an inn window j ''The glass by lorert nonsense blurred i Dma end obscure* our sight; fio when our passions love has starred. It darkens reason's light.1 : A lady wrote with a diamond on a pane ct glass "Goddld at firetmakeman upright; but he—" | To which a gmrtlenian added: j " Hint surely had ooutinucd ao; but sfte—" A lady wrote upon a window some versea, intimating , her design of nern- marrying. A gentleman wrote the following Lines underneath:— ! " The lady whose roolve these words betokm, Wrote them on ghuc, to show it may bo broken." IiiBDLOBDS' KrrES.~The foUowin* iwther t mU hltitfAwnmhim may lw Wfi OB peSsUT Wall of the Teddingtoo '1 Croas' Bands" inn, on the Broad- . way and Chdtaitnw road -*My fbmaoMsre date> in brewing timrek danger; Mv fK^oadittAMvuml) MsagififW. andldidt-""— Custcouari came, and J did trust 'em, Ttey left my house, and I losttiktireostMca. Chalk is uaefol« say what you will, Bat dulk ne'er paid the m*fetor's bilL 111 strive to keep a dojeut top For ready money, but no strap; s trotied mav, to my sorrow; -dayTnit You pay to-day. 111 trust to-morrow. All tame who bring tobacco hare Must pay for pipw as well as beer." . A LiTrm s Fxs.—A capita] ttorj is told | of a eoaviiial lswy«r, who lived in Urn last century. I lie was accustomed to drink hard over night, so that I when ha appeared in eourt In the morning he was not I able to mate a very brilliant display, and, although a man of undoubted ability, very ante lost cases from his overnight axrewe*. He was corneal in a moct Important case, but on the moniw of the trial it be came evident to the atioroey that ltttie good would be got out of htm. He leant back In despair; when a sudden thought aUtuk him, and be hastened red of oourtinto the street, where he entered several shops, changing sixpences into pennies, and pee&ire; Into fertningi Wfattt he got betwveu twenty and thirty qf the latter, he put ihem Icte Idts of paper, entered the court Just a* tite advocate rose to qeu, and pat two into his hand. The fingen closed ovw them, placed them la the wahtooat pouket, and a change beoame ctovrvabfe tosBln hU nril and very deaf explanation of the case. Whenever be showed any symptom* of breaking town, the agent waa ready with another refresher. He woo the case. Thereafter, going to a tavern with <m or two friend*, be ordered nfraah FirrHi and threw down in payment one of the for- j tblapetfU wvaptfopapo-, teUlngthe waiter to keep I the change fire bimsdt The aeio&i;^mtent of Hit1 waiter on opening the paper wa* only equalled by tM I of the adttneta who, instead of ftbdug btfowlf in |ioweetfon of a etorcof guioaas, bad onfrterthiggs. liQBB PAMUBBTOT AND " BdSHT JOHS." Old Jehu Day was an imomtfo fovourite with his knUdp, as he waa wJth nw*b«» ^ oUterwoWeman; for.Mn. be wentdonileUw Roiu. cfOouurtoos fiuud UU w Into tb, oonidor, Md wta jawwdtafto pe tao itaor wheo be ww •towidtnitMUeemui. *bo«tod «DKbe vwM. HenoUea. " 1 nat to i*e Lord nbnemon i I un 35»P«jf" Ibe iHUmnui, doabU«etaktagdeba, Mtb biiVlUte aookoloUi uid etern.1 udbrdU, for en dderi, ouiete In ewnh Ot» Cum Uriag, nAnad Ida , the. bl. tadablp eoata act be diitorbed. Thil teniblj pat oat JidiB, wbo bwl » vnydlgnlSed muoin-; inihewetbe morewiaojed 1 tire KtSCSSt 1—• - » . . kg an, look comfOHlaa on Mm, puwd tin , —ruBieo Inner ikwr, to toe gfe*t%etoaidunant of ttiepSaMOW, IBdretorMmrebortly iftm, eelitfbit l evii.mion mould oometn. few mlnatae. He did m, to Jobs, greet delight; am!, liter ehtolag I btotomnelMsdty, mk»l wh« Inliad enow to em Mm for. " Why, loj lord/ lb»»« fot * «•IJiMe Mil 'Wed wtj bl^^imdJteWjmm B. WH eeej • w 1 emenn yon will gin tttohlm." "Cer I to Mat Uwt "he to»otael<> npedM»tatag hie nbo be Wer hod. jtelr to4o.*f. Agein IWodPSi men IntoiMt «niayge5*ye.»aA wee tot^fc^henjeto 