A' LADY- ON :THE';PEAK OF TENE- 11 -. fRIFFS. Yus,; says .Mr-Piazzit Staiyththe ho has e gone to-photograph by the lighlt of magne- a siumni.wire-.the inkerchanli1rs of the' great t pyramid-` Yes;imy :wife' and I,: and the great= telescope;.the Pattinsoni equatorial; all 1 lived upon the Peak, n'early 11,000 :feet I -above ::the' sea level for over twenity days,'not j to speak of more than a' month previously r spent -by the same party minus 'that parti-. cular telescope,: on a sister peak at a smallei' height of 9000 feet.' And my wife was: -under canvas too,: with nothing but a wall of rough: stones to keep tent and all from :being carried down into the cloud-sea that' lay some. 50'0 feet below us.' 'She must have been a: woman in a million,' says Job lings. But then Joblings is a heretical old bachelor. Every oie' of us married men knows:one wife- at least' who would have gone ,up with her husband, if it was only to ' "see that he'.iidni't get into . mischief ;" -bit not'manyr, we' fancy,. would, like Mr Piazzi Smyth, have- themselves proposed to take n:either table nor chair, and endured to -sit, on boxes, ° and eat off packing cases. *': * Here are they,' then, packing cases arid all, ten,paces from the edge of a preci pice of 1500 feet, forming the inner wall of the great, crater. After tea they sleep com fortably, and next day a breastwork of stones is raised round: the tents, the lady's tent being of, the kind commended in Galton's 'Art of Travel,' with canvas floor to keep :oiut'dust, and hinder. the wind from getting underneath. Then begins the unpacking :. barotheters of .all kinds; thermometers, wet and: dry bulb ; the smaller (or Sheepshanks) equatorial, four mules' loads in itself; pho tographic apparatus, magnetometers, &c.; all with frameworkc.laimcntably shrunk .and cracked; owing to 'the intense atmospheric dryness, which acting just like its opposite, damp, (as heat acts like intense cold,) had entirely destroyed' the adhesive power of the glue. Thus, when Mr Smyth carefully :lifts. a box by its tivo handles, he raises only :its lid and slides; 'several glass vessels are imprisoned by the shrinking of their wooden :cases, a. few broken by. the unwonted pres- I sure; and so forth. When next we send anuastronomer.up. to this height, we must, like our careful tailors, "allow for shrink ing" in the instruments with which we furiish him. .: Of course the effects of such ari atmrosphere are: far more pleasant-lips' crack, hair. frizzles, nails become brittle and split, to the quick, faces turn scarlet; our astronometor preserves. an ominous silence as to howv Mrs Smyth likes these phenomena. H1lowever, even this was not high enough to satisfy the demands of science. Though far above the clouds,' which lay in a compact ocean about half-way down, broken (as we have said), by.gaps over the several islands, and though a :magnifying 'power of' 1.50' give results.never seen in this climate, still our observer, is occasionally much troubled with . dust haze," which visited them in great banks whenever there was any com motion in the air-currients below. Fancy what.our air must be down here, when even at '9000 feet the atmosphere gets full of 'finely divided particles of solid matter. The 'haze never rises above 10,000 feet; so Mr Smynth's minind is sooii made up to ob serve what he can here.; above all, to note the extraordinary difference between the temperature.in the sun and in the shade, and in the' readings from the wet and dry 'bulb thermometers; and then to go up the real Peak above the line of haze. So down they. all' go,: after experiencing several in stances of fine old Spanish hospitality from rich' aid 'poor; one Don brings' them a sumptuous breakfast of partridges, and :honey cake, anid cheese, and goats' niilk ; so much indeed, of this rich, nourishing driink, that the two sailors make themselves quiite ill, and then, in .a penitent fit, vow they'll never touch the .:stuff again while they are'on the island. Very hard it is to persuade their native friends, and above all the muleudrivers; that the huge' Pattison equatorial can ever be carried up the moun tain'; :it has'to be taken to pieces, the con tents of its three clumsy cases being distri UUL U iU L11ITbt1 U j A11 LUIUL VV IU'. U lJUL'LLd11 watchmaker,' Herr Kreitz- where is there not 'a :German' watchmakei--is ofe immense service. He' can evenlerid a few screws for fastening the cases, nails there aire plenty of, but good screws have scarcely got beyond the limits of: Teutonic civilisation. At last, Lwith-no greater mishap than the roll over of two or three baggage- horses, the great te lescope is got up to, " Atta Vista," and ob servations begin in good earnest and continue (only broken by a trip to the summit of the Peak)' until the =19th of September."' So hearty is the wok t erm days;"' ie: days of :eincessant"obrvaition, binug frequently 1 kept dnildates previously an?raigd' ,(for'.the, sake of comparing inotes) with thel captain of the yacht; that ;we .lose sight of Mrs Smyth altogether, until' recalled~ tdothe ,fatc that there 'is .a:lady-'in the' pr.ty. by. somb - such phrase as. ' My wife exclaimed, ,f Oh '. there is smoke 'oming out of the ground-;' '" or reminded "by the account'ofi some savoury nreal that the " culinary department " "i r well looked after. Mrs Smyth is an excecs lent manager. Some of the goait's"iiimlk gets so shaken oni a journey that it -is' lpro nounced 'undrinkable, sorb? anid 'thick.? Sie P1 examines it before'letting it be tTiownvi awij y and finds it churned into exclleit butter, a ,thing scarcely ever seen 'ifiTeneriffe before; st and which by means of "' lunip' bf'f siiow 2 brought down fo£r her by one of the native si ,lads,; she manages to keep sound and 'hard ' for a long time. W niiderfifl 'fellowisthese o native lads ;: when Mr Sniyth 'is gathcii'ng C specimens he "picks' uip q:?e after in?i6ther, . `obsidians, trachytes, &c; 'in' luiuhps-'aPibiii;gs I an man's head. All of which; the C`'anrian e boy, ,already loaded ivith "a -liox'of 1ihnuidal' a iind a photographic teini, insists'dn cayring;?;' whereupon Mr Smyth "is' veiy angity with fi Humboldt for calling the niative guides'list- b less and disobliging. Possibly" the "differ 'I ence may have been in.the two employers, 1 rather than in 'those ivho' sei`ed them. Our it author's book is abundantly illustrated with t photographs: We inmay be, qlite 'suie'his e wife' cleaned the platesi and 6therwise helped t him in the more delicate manipulatidiis. He a tells us that she sketched a great deal;' the' r colours of sky and rock he speaks 'of, 'as r something marvellous. Did 'she' sing.? ? Some have said the voice is thin and ghost- ii like' at these elevations. Of course -she would help in keeping his meteorological t accounts. Finally, her preseince aloft doubt- c less touched the chord of Spanish 'chivahlry r in the natives, and won for "the party: far. a more consideration than they woiild else I have had. As to the more commonplace s matter of "buttons,"' the sailors would I have kept all tolerably 'shipshape without j her ; but we 'can well fancy that when the i party finally came down 'and` marched into 1 Orotova, they looked far' less neglected and , uricouth than they would else have done had she not been with them. :"On the''whole, :Mi Smyth's" ietiiniscences seem 'to have been so pleasanit that his example is .likely to find imitators. His wife is the first lady who has ever lived over 10,000 feet' above the sea-level. It is not likely 'that `many would do precisely' what she did, for astro nomical stations on"Teneriffe are not things of every day; but we should"not 'be sur prised to see it become the correct thing for professors' wives to accompany their lords, on distant -and exciting expeditions.' All' we would suggest is, that they should firsti pause, and reflect" unless` they are' proofi against sea-sicknesi:. We trust 'that" Mrs Smyth is. The bare idea o'f a sda-'sick' lady, with the Titania rolliiig"320 degrees' per minute, is :something'too terrible to con template.-All the Year Round." AN EDITOR IN AFIx.--The editor of this journal (says' the Talbot Leader)" was,' tol use an Americanism,' ina " tall fix" yes-l terday morning. 'A. man named' Philip Curry, a miner at' Mount' Greenock, en tered this office and' demanded to know. why we haid' accused him of 'theft. 'Not remembering, 'at the mnoment, havi:g ac-' cused him of'.any offence of"the'kind ,we I quietly requested 'to, knoi~' why he put the question, whereupoii Curry3 referred us'to last Tuesday's issue of the paper, anidin-L timated that he ':had inrtenided to blow our brains . out and ' drain every drop of oour .blood if 'an apblogy' for the affront was: not' made' in our next issue;:: This' looked rather.seriou s; o we referred to the paper :and: found th'ati the manr was labouring' iindei a' curious hal lucination. 'He `had: inserted an 'adver nient' in our" Tuesday3s' issue; offerinig a rewai'd for the convictioi of an individual who had robbed him of 'a £1 note'on the Sunday previous, '- and 'the :adier tisement closed With 'an intimation' th?t I the reward would bb :paid :to any lperson • giving such' ' informsation 'as will lead to the conviction of the thief.." .: 'ii: a line below this the name ?f Philip Curry :ap peared. We endeavoured to explain: the matter to our irate visitor; but: inthiiig wouldsatisfy hiinm, but thit"we. inteiidedto represent him as thie'thief 'he reading the line and sigatiauri' in defiance of thli well: known laws of puindtuation: "Ex'aspeiated at' our obstinacy, he repeated his threat'in tlhe event of an apology not appeariing'in W4I11 LUULAHAAAr £.LDDUR GULL UAAtllllg 1AUUJUMUt to pror?is anything of the kind, our visi tor again repeated his'determination, aniid added that not a ' whble- bone - should' be left' in' our skin. .The upshot of 'the mniat 1 ter was that". the unfortunate man' fouiid himself in Constable Parkinson's strong f box, and on being brought before" the \- bench yesterday, he was remanded' till \- Saturda.'' We may statethat since this Sexitraordinary affair we' have heard suffi 3 cient to convince us that our visitor is:ý a confirmed lunatic, and that he' was·ri~ i i | mate of Yarra Bend about two years ago, i where it would have suited our nerves a great deal better 'had he remained. ' i * DEATID I? T'iH??U Bsn.-Tlie'. Qieens Sland Daily Guardi~a n of '.the;27th ultimo says :-A.k skeleton of a man !hihi :'been Sfouiid:in the bush; jiear Flinders River. I. The° remaains were lying ,.undera taree,-:at. ' theb'iacdl of'.wvliich:Wiwas, cut thefolloivingý Sinscriptibn.:&" ' E.: lill M.:X.XI B:;:'186i" - 1 MURRAY COD IN TILE WOLLONDILLY.. - \- On Wednesday last Mr O. Robinson shot a very fine cod in the 'iWollondilly below Captain? Zouch'&st; ;-By .means- of ar:long pole and. a .rake:the fish was-secured. i It weighed seven pounds.-- GoulbuE~rn erald THEED's STAitiT 'OE' THE. PRINC?? CoiN soRT "FroR ",NiW" SOUTH- WAIE l-Th :Times states .that" several works of con "siderable interest are now'on view in Mr -Theed's studio, Cavendish-square.: .One of them is'a-'colossal'statue of the Prince Consbrt, which has been cast in "bronze:at Niureinburg, and is but recently arrived. The model of this' figure was originally executed by 'command- of her Majesty, andtsent to 'Coburg, where it is at present kept; , "a bronze cast lhaving ,been takeni 'fromn it. "-- The City of Sydney, :N. S. W., -being desirous of erectng a statue of- the 'Prince the; second case, now to be seen' at' IMr Theed's was executed by command of the Duke of: Newcastle, on the ground that of all- the nsumerous likenesses:inow -extantithis was the best.- The' figure is ten: feet high, and represents the' Prince in a commanding attitude, dressed in'hthe 'robes of the Garter. Not 'only is it to be regarded as a fine work of sculptural art, 'but as a specimen 'of "casting in'bronze -it is scarcely to be excelled. - . IRISH WIT.-One day, as a witty son of I the Emerald Isle was'standing on the steps of a 'taverii; a -finely-dressed vain =looking man, alighted from a 'cab. -His-niose was such 'an :uncommon': size that :Pat: stared at him with: astonishment. 'I .'What 'are you staring at, stupid ?" 'asked the- man of the big ,nose, in' a pompous' toner " Why, be t jabers," said Pat' " saing a nose a coomim, I \- was lookin' 'to' see whether there was a man ) behind it or'not." 