-THE FOREIGN OFFICE AND ENGLISH i COMMERCE. (From the Economist, November' 5.) I Tin; report which has just appeared from the Select Committee obtained last session by the member for Bradford, Mr. W. E. Forster, on Trade with Foreign Nations, is not one of those blue books destined simply to record the abstract opinions of well-informed politicians on a technical subject on which Parliament does not wish to be driven to any practical conclusions. It will he read by commercial men all over the kingdom with the profound interest that a great political subject always excites when it bears directly on personal affairs. For this blue hook does deal with a great political subject, as well as one which affects immediately the private interests of our manufacturers and merchants. However exaggerated may be the opinion once expressed by Air. Cobden, that our foreign ambassadors should, if our foreign policy were only as modest as it ought to be, be chiefly regarded as the commercial travellers of the nation, there can he no doubt that the interests of England do more and more require a vigilant attention to commercial affairs on the part of our Foreign Secretary and his servants, both here and abroad. Nor can there be any manner of doubt in the mind of any sensible person reading the mass of interesting evidence in this report that this part of the diplomatic duties of our Foreign Secretary and Foreign Ministers has been greatly we may almost say marvellously-neglected up to the present time. To what that neglect is chiefly due, and how it may best be remedied, is of course a very much less simple problem than the question as to the fact itself. No doubt, a good deal depends on the knowledge which the Foreign Secretary for the time being may happen to possess on commercial affairs. For example, Lord Clarendon, who has a considerable knowledge of such matters, who was at one time President of the Board oi'Tradc,and who has conducted one commercial mission of some importance, is admitted on all hands to have administered the commercial duties of the Foreign Office in a keener and more efficient way than most of his predecessors and successors. Indeed, he states in his evidence that " there is nothing which I should treat more severely [in secretaries of legation or charges d'affaires) than any neglect of commercial interests, because I think it is impossible to know how far an injury may extend, and, therefore, there should always be the greatest care in dealing with such interests." Of course, with such views on the part of the presiding mind at the Foreign Office, and such knowledge as Lord Clarendon's to support his views, the administration of the foreign department of our commercial affairs could not fail to be more prompt and in every way more satisfactory, than under Ministers' whose chief interest and knowledge applies to the political department of our foreign policy. And, there fore, we are not much surprised to find Lord Clarendon discouraging any change of system, and intimating that the present system, managed intelligently, is as good as any. It is obvious to observe that the more superior Lord Clarendon was to his department on all such subjects, the less value must attach to his opinion as to the defective working of the system. What we want is a system which only as far as possible supplement the deficiencies of' a Minister who is not aufait'jxi this department of his work which may draw his attention to what he would otherwise overlook, and give him, unasked, explanations the need of which he might not he able even to feel. And therefore, we attach but little importance to the opinion of Lord Clarendon as to the working of a system on which he was less dependent than almost any other of our Foreign Ministers. He tells us that he was in the constant habit of consulting not only the superior officers, but the clerk of the Board of Trade, whenever he wanted information which it was in their power to give him. But, then, he knew enough to know what information he wanted, and where he could most promptly obtain it, and that was knowing a good deal. In discussing the deficiencies of a system, we should look to very different cases, and aim, as a standard, at making the permanent servants of the Foreign Office the greatest possible support to a Minister who knows little, instead of considering what might be the most convenient ideal arrangement for a Minister who is sufficiently master of the situation to be fully aware of what information he needs and where to get it. Mr. Forster's committee came to the conclu- son-which on the evidence before them they could scarcely help doing-that there are grave defects of system in the mode of handling the commercial diplomacy of the country, defects which do not arise by any means wholly from the ignorance of officials either here or abroad -may that that ignorance is as much an effect as a cause of defective system-since, if the foreign department were so modelled as to contain within itself an adequate knowledge of the relations between England and foreign commerce, " that knowledge would soon be reflected in the alacrity and minuteness of the attention paid by our foreign missions to the same subject. The committee resolved, though not, of course, unanimously, that a change would be " of service" which should appoint within the Foreign Office itself " an officer or officers to take special charge of the correspondence of the Board of Trade's change which implies an approach, at least, to the creation of that commercial department in the Foreign Office ( which exists in almost all the most important Continental Foreign Offices. Secondly, the committee have recommended that " the Board of Trade be put in direct communication with the members of the diplomatic and consular services, and that such communication be carried on through the Foreign Office with such provisions as shall prevent collision." We conceive that if these I recommendations are carried out, the natural issue must be that the Foreign Office will at 1 Jeneth Jtseh' grow conversant with foreign I commerce,, and its relations with English 1 commerce, will learn to attach due consequence to these matters, and will finally be equal to | conducting this business for itself without more I Than very occasional reference to the Board of I oracle. And, then, the continental system will I last On the Whole the simplest and I 1 The evidence taken by the committee shows clearly enough the hopeless nature of the present system, or rather no system, and left a 16aOTance on matters even ? only a -ghost moment which it not easy admits, but foster in the per IVe m? was of 30s piment, SS seems to be jute out in evidence),, said Mr *rt«ni.mT, . examination of Mr. Cardwell, that the Foreign Office consults the Board of it is Loan themsleves matter at its discretion; that S. en t08?-tut it is at its discretion district nSU tît; indoors the advice at its full V'.P^fte wants why it does not allow its advice at its discretion stand again if I ki appears, from Mr. Hammond's evidence, that it is quite a matter of "discretion" with the Board of Trade whether or not to forward representations concerning foreign commerce, addressed to it, to the Foreign Office, from all which discretion it very naturally results that it is nearly a matter of accident whether our Foreign Office knows the progress of an important commercial treaty or the drift of an important commercial decree abroad in reasonable time or not, that, if it should hear of it and when it does hear of it, it is nearly a matter of accident whether it sees any significance in the affair or not; that, if it does see significance therein, it is nearly a matter of accident whether it asks the best commercial advice, or acts out of its own head; that, if it asks good commercial advice, it is nearly a matter of accident whether it acts upon that advice or not and that if it acts upon that advice, it is not a matter of accident, but almost a matter of certainty, that, it will do so after a most mischievous, annoying, and unnecessary delay, which may render its action almost useless. The present system has all the delays which the "double Government of India, the government of the Board of Directors and Board of Control, had, plus the additional delays and blunders caused by one of the two bodies concerned, the Foreign Department, having exceedingly little knowledge of or interest in the questions under discussion between them. Of the extent of these delays, and the depth of ignorance which caused or in creased them, we cannot give a better illustration than in the following curious cross-examination of the permanent Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs, Mr. Hammond, by the Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Forster. We need only pre- mise that all the commercial part of our community had been watching eagerly, between 1860 and 1862, the tariff changes in Italy consequent on the Italian revolution, and that our readers were certainly not at all likely to have shared Mr. Hammond's mental condition on the subject under discussion. The matters on which he was questioned were commonplace subjects of repeated discussion, not only in the Press, but in the House of Commons, thanks to the efforts of Mr. J. P. Hennessy to show that the Italian revolution had half ruined Italy in a commercial point of view : 1596\. Are you not aware, that there was existing over the Kingdom of Italy, before the French treaty was completed, a temporary tariff which applied to the whole kingdom There may have been I am unable to say. 1897\. You are not aware whether the alterations made by the Italian Government in their duties, were alterations made in such temporary uniform tariff? That is to say, in a tariff made for the whole kingdom of Italy ; I am not aware of it. 1598\. You do not know then, whether your office sent a copy of such tariff to the Board of Trade r-If we had it we should certainly have sent a copy of it to the Board of Trade. It is very difficult for me to speak from memory upon this point, and it is a question which I really was not prepared to be examined upon. 1599\. You cannot tell whether means were taken by the Foreign Office to obtain the opinion of the Board of Trade upon a comparison of this uniform tariff with the former tariffs of parts of the Kingdom of Italy?-No; because, in the last place, I cannot say that I am aware that there was that uniform tariff established ; I must first ascertain that. 1600\. Are you aware that a new tariff was made by Naples in 1869-60, just before the dethronement of the King of Naples I-I am not prepared to speak to that I was not expecting to be examined on points of this kind, and therefore I did not come prepared. This is rather a blank state of mind for the highest permanent official in the Foreign Office. But this is not the worst. When Franco began to negotiate a commercial treaty with Italy, it became of the first importance to English commerce that we should explain clearly to the Italian Government the interest they would have in lowering certain duties on goods manufactured in England. Mr. Behrens, in his admirable evidence, shows clearly how great an influence the Bradford Chamber of Commerce exerted over the conditions of the Anglo- French treaty negotiated by Mr. Cobden, by the representations which they made' in Paris on the subject. Well, Signor Marconi was sent over here by the Italian Government expressly to obtain information with regard to the intended commercial treaty some nine months before the Franco-Italian treaty was concluded. At that time all the tariff arrangements made by France with Italy directly affected our own relations with Italy. Nothing would have been more important to us than to put Signor Marconi in possession of all the best information which our various Chambers of Commerce could have given him, and brought the representations of the most enlightened economists to bear- upon his mind with reference to the new engagements. Not only was this not done, but Mr. Hammond expressly tells us that he never saw Signor Marconi at all, either at the Foreign Office or anywhere else and it is clear that his visit to this country, which might have been of the greatest moment to English commerce, was practically thrown away by the carelessness and indifference of the Foreign Office. Nor is even this the worst portion of the case. The following very candid evidence of Mr. Hammond's reveals not only indifference, but culpable negligence, on the part of the Foreign Office : 1652\. On July 14th, I see Mr. Layard writes to Sir Emerson Tennent, mentioning a suggestion of the Bradford Chamber of Commerce, that the Chambers of Commerce should be put in communication with Signor Mariano ; do you know the reason why he was not put in communication with any of them ? I do not indeed. 1653\. If you turn to page 5, you will see that in a letter of the Board of Trade of April 24th, there is a draft of a treaty said to be enclosed ; it was described thus: " The enclosed draft of a Treaty of" Commerce and Navigation which, in the opinion of this Board, may serve as the basis of negotiation with the Italian Government," was that draft ever sent on to Mr. West, or Sir James Hudson I have no doubt that it was at the time, although the instructions sending it on are not printed. Sir James Hudson had it, I know. 1654\. Are you aware that the Board of Trade having sent you a draft treaty on April the 24th' 1862, on January the 25th, 1863, Mr. West sends his draft treaty, and you forward it to the Board of Trade, by the letter of January the 28th, and you re-. serve in reply a letter from the Board of Trade" dated February the 3rd, in which they Bay-" My Lords are unaware of the reasons which have led Earl Russell to substitute for that draft treaty the draft treaty which has been prepared under his Lordship's instructions by her Majesty's Chargé d'Affaires at Turin." And then the Board of Trade give the reasons why they prefer their own draft to Mr. West's drafts I want to ask whether, between April the 24th, 1862, and February the 23rd, 1863, the Board of Trade's draft had ever been sent to our Minister at Turin My belief is that it was but, as I say I have not the papers to refer to. I think that, when Mr. West sent that draft, he had the other draft in the mission at "Turin. This last impression of Mr. Hammond's turns out, on further cross-examination, to be quite mistaken. The truth evidently is, that the Foreign Office Jbjjgot all about the draft treaty prepared by the Board of Trade, kept it is lying at their desk, never forwarded it to Turin, and when nine months later, Mr. West sends his draft treaty from 3min? am converted quite innocently to the Board of Trade for their opinion, in complete obliviousness that the Board of Trade had prepared a careful draft treaty of their own for Mr. West's guidance. It is impossible in any single article to con dense a tithe of the evidence that the Foreign Office has really not understood and quite neglected the commercial interests of the country. Mr. Behrens shows how our commercial men pick up the latest news, say as to the Spanish Government's commercial decrees, just as they can, generally in a French publication, and so obtain it long before it is known either at the Board of Trade or the Foreign Office. Such a system, or no system, is simply gross waste of power. Mr. Forster has done a very great service to the country in bringing before it evidences of the vast extent to which this waste of power has been carried ; ano) we feel no doubt that the deficiencies of our official knowledge in regard to foreign commerce being once exposed, there will be every disposition on the part of the Government to introduce those changes for the better, which must, we feel persuaded, end in the final adop- tion of the continental system, in the form so lucidly explained in the evidence of Mr". Cardwell. . 