THE DRAMA. SIR-In common with the other lovers of the Drama in this city, I had the pleasure of witnessing Richard Younge's Hamlet on Monday evening. Mr. Younge may justly feel proud of being able to command such an audience as that of Monday, or any time when he chooses to represent any of Shakespeare's grand master pieces, and it speaks well for the taste of the inhabitants of this city, who came forward to support him on such an occasion. The appearance of an actor who can represent Hamlet, the moody but philosophic prince, is always hailed with delight, for the clear insight into the workings of human passion, the study and enthusiasm requisite for the just rendering of this most difficult part, requires nothing short of genius ; hence the repeated failures which young actors have met in their first debut in the part, and the disgust which his been created so often by an overstrained attempt to be impressive and thrill ing at the expense of truth and nature Hamlet is throughout a psychological study, which un- folds itself only to the patient loving student, who finds there all the elements of a turbulent passion, allied with an intellect at once been, analytic, and profound philosopher assuming the guise of a madman, seemingly insensible to all pleasure, yielding only to the one impulse of being revenged for the wrongs done to him. Mr. Younge's delineation is throughout careful and really able, and whatever excellence he has attained in it, is, I believe to be, the honest result of his own. patient study. He is no mere echo of any living tragedian, and the perfect absence of all stagings and un- meaning strut of affected gesture or declaration is a perfect relief from the aging grimace and bad taste with which so many tragedies indulge. Indeed, in a few minor parts of the business he has departed from the rule of the stereotyped Stage Hamlet, which shows at, least that he has formed his conception of the part, and WISHES to abide by it ; which is quite legitimate. It is a great pity that on the occasion of his benefit he was not able to press some better auxiliaries into his service. Mr. Joyce's ren- during of the ghost was a lamentable failure ; surely that gentleman ought to know that the solemn pathos and awe with which on apparition from the regions of the dead should deliver his dread message, must be something very different from the tone of good cheer and fellowship which one might expect in an after dinner speech. ' There is no scene in the play so impressive, nor can the conduct of Hamlet be understood by us until the full force of these powerful and impressive lines be stamped on the memory. Indeed, there was a perceptible sympathy felt for Mr. Younge by his audience as he began at the words " remember thee," for no impression had been previously created, and where there was the best opportunity for doing so. I know I shall be thought very captious, and told I should remember that I was not at Drury Lane on Monday, but I make the remark because I believe Mr. Joyce, had he liked to exert himself and ask some advice, could have done much better. Mr. Jackson, however much at home in light comedy or burlesque, did not certainly seize on the salient points in his Polonius, for be it remembered that Shakspeare's Polonius had nothing in common with the merry andrew of country fairs. He was a shrewd, intelligent observer of men and manners ; a polished courtier, proud of his own eloquence, as Dr. Johnson observes, and fast declining into dotage. Miss Annie Lockhart's Ophelia was decidedly good, her fine clear accent, blonding with the sorrow stricken mournful tone of despair in which she indulges after her cruel treatment, and the pity and tenderness infused into the part where she is bereft of reason, was thoroughly natural. Miss Arnot perhaps never appeared to more advantage on Mason's boards than she did in Gertrude ; there was a certain amount of force and intelligence about it that leads one to hope that that young lady may be a first-rate actress in the course of time. I know we are told often enough that in matters dramatic through the colonies one must be thankful for " small mercies," which is no doubt true ; but there can be no harm in expressing an opinion on the play in a friendly manner. The profession is a hord,_ laborious one, requiring versatility, much patience, and study, and any man who has entered upon it with the ambition to "hold the mirror up to nature will not feel annoyed by any criticism given with the best feeling. I hope that Mr. Younge may be induced to come forward again very soon, and give us another of his Shakesperian nights. A more rational entertainment there is not to be found here than that which he gives, when he is fairly supported and it can- not but be gratifying to every man of taste to find a revival of the great dramatist's works _ in Brisbane. I wish all good may attend him. My apologies are due for trespassing so long on your valuable space I LOVER OF THE DRAMA. 