. THE NEWS BY THE MAIL. The Northam, with the mails from Europe, reached Queenscliff about half-past eight o'clock on Saturday morning, and anchored in Hobson's Bay early in the afternoon. The following are the prin cipal items of news by the mail: GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND. The Conservatives, Bays a contemporary writer of political gossip, mean to make a desperate effort to gain a majority in the nest Parliament. Every city borough, and county, wherever Conservatism has the ghost of a chance, is to be contested. The time iB come, they feel, when they must win the prize of office or give up all hope of it for years to come, and no labour nor money will be Bpared to gain their object. But it is confidently asserted by the Govern ment plection agents_ that the nest Parliament will be very much like this, and if: any change tako place it will bo in favor of the Government. It is not improbable, however, that Conservatism will gain somewhat. The Conservative agents are moro active than those of the Government, and more experienced. Moreover, it is observable that in few cases do Con servatives fight Conservatives; whereas, for three Liberal candidates to try for tivo seats is a very com mon occurrence. But compact as the Conservatives Beem to be, they aro not really so. An opposition has but one object-to defeat the Government- and always Fecms to be united, ,-ind is united, to gain that object; but that object gained, it not un frequently happens that tho party becomes disorgan ised, The Conservative party very Boon showed signs of splitting in 1S5S. The Government was pledged to bring forward a roform bill, and at once two of its most important mem bers, Mr Walpolo and Mr Henloy seceded, and took their places below the gangway. The country cannot be governed upon strictly Con servative principles. The Conservative party can not govern it upon Liberal principles. The word Conservative is a very expansive word; it can be made to cover widely different principles. Lord Stanley calls himself a Conservative, and so does Mr George Bentinck and Lord Hubert Cecil. But, really, Lord Stanley and these two gentlemen are .wide as the poles asunder. The Post observes:-"A paragraph lias recently appeared in a contemporary announcing Lord Pal merston's approaching retirement from public life. This statement, which in some quarters may have found credence, is totally devoid of foundation, and we trust that the day is far distant when such an announcement will be necessary." Further oiiicial papers have just been published respecting New Zealand, comprising despatches from the Governor, reporting an account of an important success by friendly over rebel natives, and the sub mission of Pehi, the principal chief of Wanganui; Also a petition from the Provincial Council of Wel lington against the separation of New Zealand into dillerent colonies; a memorandum of Ministers relative to (lie delivery to the Imperial Treasury of£500,000 in debentures, and other papers. Theconcluding despatch is from .Mr Card well to Sir G. Grey, and in which he says:-"I have much pleasure in communicating to the Lords Commissioners of theTreasury your de spatch informing me that your Government have directed the Crown agents to issue aud hand over to the Imperial Treasury debentures for £500,000, with a view to tlie adjustment of the debt due by the eoiony to the Imperial Government. You are, how ever. til. tit as to the military and financial plans of your adviser?, respecting which you baa led me to expect infirmation. By the time at which I now write your winter will probably have closed the second campaign of this distressing war. You will have received from me the cordial assent of her Majesty's Government to the policy of your new ad visers and of the Assembly, and General Cumeron will have received Lord de Grey's instructions for the withdrawal of five regiments from the colony. I trust I may rely on the sanguine expressions con tained in vuur present despatches that the disturb ances in New Zealand are drawing to a close; and if your hopes be realised, your ministers will have the satisfaction of pursuing their declared policy by send ing home the remaining regiments. You will take care that for all whom it may be desired !o retain for a time, the provision is made which is contem plated in the correspondence between this department and Mr Header Wood. It is now stated that no application has been made (nor, it is said, is any intended to be made; at the instance either of the prosecution or the defence to remove the trial of Constance Kent from Salisbnry. The learm.d counsel who defended the prisoner in July, 1 SCO, when she was charged upon the informa tion of Inspector Wbicher, of the metropolitan detective force, has been retained for the defence at the forthcoming trial, which will take place in about two months. The Houpe'l forgeries, it is csid, are to be revived st the approaching assizes at Chelmsford. The case to be tried was orginslly brought to recover an estate near Homford, Mr Roupell, the licir-nt-law, being the plaintifl. He sought to recover the property on the ground that a deed of gift, under which tbe estate had been conveyed to William Roupell during the lifetime of his father, was a forgery. William Roupell, formerly M.P. foi Lam beth, will be put in the witness-box, as be was on a previous occasion, to prove the forgery. Tho property in question amounts to £300,000, and the point raised is whether tbe late M.P. is telling tbe truth or not when lie says the signature is a forgery. If tbe plaintiff should obtain a verdict in bis favor, the nccessary result will be that the whole of the vast property made away with by Mr Roupell will revert to his family, and those who have paid their money for it will lose it, John Frost, the once celebrated Chartist, com pleted his 81st year on 2Gth May. Though so old a man, yet his health is unimpaired, and be is now as hale and hearty as he was 30 years ago. lie resides at Pontypool, and has been for some time engaged on bis autobiography. Tbe end which is to crown the good work of establishing a telegraphic communication between England and America rapidly approaches. The electric cable has now all been shipped, and is care fully laid down in three enormous coils in the hold of the huge ship in whieh it is to perform its im portant voyage' Tho mechanicians and the elec tricians have both completed their work, and handed it over to the custody of Captain Anderson and the host of esoert operators who are carefully to lay it along the bottom of the Atlantic ocean. On the 5th or 6th of July tbe Great Eastern proceeds to Va lencia, and the work of the voyage will be at once begun. With fine weather, twelve days is the time reckoned on for the voyage between Valencia and Newfoundland. It is hoped that messages will be delivered in August, for which the company propose (experimentally) to charge £2 per word. A mer chant in New York will thus be able for £40 to ob tain intelligence of the state of the London markets in about five minutes, but ai there is Bis hours dif ference in tbe time between London and New York, be will actually receive intelligence of the closing prices in London in time to regulate his own tran sactions by them for tbe same date. Thank3 to the difference of latitude, the truly American feat .will be performed of delivering intelligence in New York six hours in anticipation of its despatch from London. A few days ago, the General Assembly of the Scot tish Free Church received tbe report of a committee which has now been in existence for two years, ap pointed to confer with a committee of the United Presbyterian Church, with a view to ao incorporating union of tbe two Churches. Some other Presbyterian bodies have also within tho past year become parties to tbe conference. Last year in the Synod of the United Presbyterian Church and in the Free Church Assembly, thero were lengthened discussions on tho question of union, which elicited a decided differ ence of opinion as to the duty of the civil magistrate towards tho Church. Tbis question tho majority in both Houses indicated might he made an open one, all parties beiug independent oftheState; but thero were minorities in both which called upon tbe committees distinctly to affirm the doctrines held by the Churches respectively. The joint committee wai re appointed by the majority on both sides, and tbe report now given in states that considerable progress bad been made during the second year in comparing the opinions of the two Churches, in which generally great harmony bad been evinced. The qucslio vcxala was not, how ever, touched upon in the present year's report, and the joint committee now wished re-appointment to complete their task, intimating that a final report on tbe whole subject might be expected to be made next year. In both denominations the joint committee has been authorised to prosecute the matter to a conclusion. Several speakers having addressed tbe assembly, tbe report was approved and tbe commit tee re-appointed. Dr Pritchard, at present prisoner in the North Prison, lies been served with an indictment charg ing him with having murdered bis wife and mother in-law, by tbe administration of various poisons, including antimony, corrosive sublimate, and aco nite. The document, which is rather voluminous, contains the names of upwards of 70 witnesses and tlie titles of 159 productions. The witnesses have been cited to attend tbe Ilich Court of Justiciary at Edinburgh, on 3rd July, Tho greater number of them are resident in Glasgow, nearly all the others belonging to. Edinburgh. " Apropos of this matter," says tho Glasgow Morning Journal, " we may state that on the previous Monday, and for several Sun days back, special prayers on behalf of the prisoner were requested in St Mary's Church, Renfield street -the place of worship which he usually attended," Mrs Longworth-Yelverton left Edinburgh for Rotterdam about a month ago. She was so weak as to require to be carried on board tbe steamer. She arrived quite safely, and is said to be getting Strong under the sunny skies of the Continent. Her appeal against the judgment of the First Division was presented late in March, and the time for her entering into her recognisances haB been ex tended on account of her ill-health.-The Edin burgh Court of Session have unanimously sustained their jurisdiction in Mrs Yelverton s action for slander against the proprietors of the Saturday Ileview. The other day the "clerical lorry" was again busy in Edinburgh; the houses of various Dissenters were visited, and furniture, time pieces, jewelry, &c;, carried off m payment of the minister's money. Among the other victims was Mr Thomas Knox, J .Jr., well-known throughout the country as a tem perance reformer. The Glasgow police have just succeeded in a lad named Hart, and a man named M'Salion, who were engaged almost up to the hour of their arrest in artful robberies from letter-boxes in that city. They had succeeded in securing, amongst other prizes, seven letters containing bank cheques to the amount of £6000 (the robbery being fortunately discovered in time to prevent the several sums from being secured), four letters containing £3 18s, and three letters and a cheque for £93 is. The apparatus consisted of n wedge of lead, one side of which was covered by birdlime. By attach ing this to ft string in a peculiar manner and drop ping it into a letter bos, the letters were removed in succession by adhering to the birdlime and being drawn up through the slit. Hart was brought be fore the magistrates, and sent to prison for a month at the expiration of which time to be detained in a reformatory for five years. A troop of the 9 th Lancers is to be located in Bel fast during the ensuing month, lest the Oranremen should cause an outbreak there. It is not long since the grand master of their body, in a special address besought them to keep the pence on the occasion of the approaching anniversaries; but the Government exhibit much wisdom in not relying upon this ap peal to prevent disturbances. The Lancers with a large body of police, will prove more efficacious. At half-past two on a recent Sunday morning three men were fired at as they were passing through Callan street, Armagh. One of them, it is said, was shot in the back, and it is thought he cannot recover his whole baek has been frightfully cut up from be low bis shoulders to his head. Another of them has received several slugs in his back, and so did the third. Callan street is one of the Orange quarters of the town. A person-well-known Orangeman \- is charged with being principal in the outrage, and informations 1-ave been sworn against several others. 1 he Lord-Lieutenant of Ireland, accompanied by Lady Wodehouse, recently visited the National Model Schools in Marlborough street, which he minutely inspected. His Excellency was then con ducted to the training institution, where a Dumber of teachers who had completed the prescribed course of studies were then undergoing examination. His Excellency took much interest in the proceedings, and put several questions to the teachers. At the CIobo of the examination he delivered a short address to them. After congratulating them on their credi table aniwering, he said that the national system was one of the greatest features in the country's progress:-"It has now," he said, "been established upwards of thirty years, and it is a mattc-r of satis faction to see by the last report of the commissioners that it is progressing with a most striking and grati fying result. It is true that there are many things in Ireland not so well managed as in England, but in the matter of education Ireland is considerably in advance of England; and I look forward to the day though distant, when we may possibly tee in England such a system as that which exists in Ireland. We have made considerable progress in England, but the progress made in the working of the English system is inferior to that of the Irish system, and I hope that the same system of education will continue to be given to Irishmen, and the sime inestimable benefit continued to this country." We have the happiness to see that notwithstanding much opposi tion, the national schools are extending their benefits i to all creeds and denominations in this country; and perhaps nowhere is this more shown than in those schools where we now Btand, where we see working in harmony teachers belonging to the different reli gious denominations in the country. A return has been lumished to Parliament by the Marquis of Hartington, showing that the expenses incurred on all classes of guns, their fittings, projec tiles, &c.;, including the 100 pounder smooth bore guns, since the date of the return furnished to Mr Monsell's committee in May, 18G3, amounted to £2S5,-il8 Os 8d. The changes and alterations in the same period have cost £15,527 2s 4j, while the extra cost in providing projectiles, &c;, in consequent's of alterations, has been £5032 4s 2d. The return is made up to the date of the last balance sheet (31st March, ISGi); the expenses incurred daring the pre sent year cannot be accurately shown until the next balance sheet, up to 31st March, 1S65, i3 ready. This may be expected to be completed about July. The Fenian movement, it is said, excites very little apprehension among loyal men in Ireland, although it would appear that it has deluded the Munster peasantry to a considerable extent. The Cork Examiner, referring to the subject, acknow ledges a feeling of deep humiliation and sorrow in being obliged to publish a portion of the lengthened exposition of the Fenian organisation, taken from the veracious New York Herald. For example, the American journal states that the drill exercise is now vigorously enforced in every township and parish throughout Ireland, by the officers, drill ser geants, and military envoys sent over by the order from America. The Cork Journal ridicules this statement, and asks who can be humbugged by it, jet it admits that there is indeed a habit among some of the young men in the towns of falling into rank, and halting or moving at the word of com mand. But it denies that there have been any arms smuggled into the country, or that there are any military depotB along the coast. The annual meeting of the Society for tho Propa gation of tho Gospel in Foreign Parts has been held in the Egyptian Hall, Mansion House; the Lord Mayor in the chair. Amongst those present wero the Bishop of London, Lord Kelson, the Right Hon. W. Napier, the Bishops of Hochester, Ripon, Bria' bane, tho Dean of Perth, Sir John Anson, and Sir II. Phillimore. The proceedings having been opened with prayer, the secretary read the report, which stated that the receipts for the year amounted to £102,997 ISs 6d, showing, as compared with tho previous year, an increase of £5610 Ma 10d, which might be ascribed partly to the increased prosperity of the_ country, but chiefly to the cordial reception given_ in many quarters to the appeal of tho four archbishops. Tho' society's missionary list now includes 501 clergymen maintained wholly or in part, and a largo body of catechists, schoolmasters, and divinity students. In consequeuco of tho in creasing labors of the society's missionaries abroad, the funds were drawn upon to a very considerable extent. In British North America an expenditure of nearly £26,000 was incurred by which the incomes of 229 clergvmen were raised to on amount sufficient for their support in places where the ministerial duties were increased by the arrival of 18,083 emigrants. In the West Indies and in Africa there was progress and advance ment. In India and the East, by an expenditure of nearly £40,000, a Christian education had been pro vided for 750" scholars in Bengal and South India, and 5S7 clergymen and lay teachers had been main tained at chosen spots, where they had held up the torch of Christian teaching and Christian life amid the dark idolatry of 200,000,000 of heathens, of whom 1700 had been baptised this year; and in Australia £4500 had been spent to support 71 cler gymen, and to extend their ministrations. The pro ceedings concluded with a hearty vote of thanks to the Lord Mayor for his kindness in presiding on the occasion. Since the passing of the Prison Ministers Act of 18G3, Roman Catholic priests have been appointed to attend tha following prisons:-At Liverpool borough gaol, with a salary of £300 a year, granted by the magistrates; at Kirkdalc gaol, Lancaster, with £100 a year; at Manchester city gaol, with £100 a year, which is to cover the provision of vest ments and all altar appurtenances; at Preston House of Correction, with £100 a year; at Durham county gaol, with £50 a year; at Northallerton, North Rid ing, with £40 a year; at Wakefield, with £100 a year; Surrey House of Correction, Wandsworth, £60 a year; Hants county prison, Winchester, with £40 a year. At Worcester county prison, at War wick, at llipon, at Maidstone, at Reading, and at the county prisons of Sussex, a Romnn Catholic priest is permitted to visit such Roman Catholic prisoners as do not refuse his ministrations, but the priest re ceives no salary from the rates. The same may be the case at other gaols, but in the great majority of English prisons no actual appointment baa been made under the act. 