THE GLASGOW MURDERS. THB TRIAL AND CONFESSION OF DR. PRITCHARD. At 10 o'clock on Monday morning, July 3rd, the trial of Dr. Pritchard, on the charge of murdering his wife and mother-in law in Glasgow, commenced in the High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, before the Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Ardroiuan, and Lord Jervisvroode. The court-room was crowded, and many were disappointed in obtaining ad mission. The indictment charged the prisoner with ad ministering tartariscd antimony, aconite, and opium to bis mother-in-law, Jose Cowper Taylor, in tapioca and in porter or beer, and in a medicine called Battloy's sedative solution, between the 10th and 2fith of February, 1865; and it also charged him with administering on repeated occa sions in February and March, 1865, tartarised antimony and aconite to his wife, Mary Jane Taylor Pritchard, in articles of food end of medicine. The prisoner entered the dock at 10 o'clock exactly, dressed in deep mourning. He was calm and self- possessed, and looked coolly round the court when he had taken his seat. He is a stout, well-built man, prepossessing in ap pearance, and with sharply- defined features, lie wears his hair long, and has a large bushy beard, but no mous tache. The prisoner's brother, Charles Augustus Pritohard, secretary to the naval oommander-in-chief, Plymouth, by permission of the court took his seat beside him in the dock, and remained with him all day. The prosecution was con ducted, in the absence of tho Lord Advocate in London, by tbe Solicitor-General, assisted by Mr. Gifford and Mr. Chrichton, advocate's depute ; the defence was conducted by Mr. A. B. Clarke, Mr. 'William 'Watson, and Mr. David Brand, advocates. The prisoner's counsel moved tbe Court to separate tho two charges of murder, on the ground that it tnjbarrasf-ed the defence to try the two crimes together. 1 he Conit unanimously refused to grant the reques-. The prisoner was then called on-to plead to tho indictment, anl in a clear distinct voice he pleaded ' Mot guilty,' and a jury having been empanelled, the evidonce for the prosecu tion commenced about half .past 1 1 o'clock. The remainder of the day wbb occupied by the examination of five witnesses, three of whom were merely formal, and occupied only a few minutes. The two important witnesses were Catherine Latimer and Mary M'Leod. The jury retired to consider their verdict alwut twenty minutes past 1 o'clock, and returned in about an hour with en unanimous verdict of ' Gnilty ' on both charges. The Lord Justice Clerk then sentenced the prisoner to be executed at Glafgow on the 28th of July, and in passing sentence said that the verdict of the jury proceeded upon evidence which could leave no reasonable doubt on the minds of those by whom it was considered. The prisoner, who had maintained great composure throughout the five days of the trial, seemed greatly affected when the verdict was pronounced, and leant slightly on the policeman fitting beside him, but while the sentence was being recorded he completely regained his composure, and after sentence was passed upon him he bowed to the Judge, end aleo to the jury, before leaving the dock. After Or. Pritchard'e conviction he was removed from the liar of the Justiciary Court to the cell below, where he partook of tea. Immediately on reaching the cell where the refreshments were set, be said to one of the policemen who bad charge of him — ' I'm innocent of tkis charge.' This was the oslv remark be made. On going to take his place in the van he covered his face with his hat to prevent tbe large crowd through which he had to pass gazing upon him . On the ensuing night, July 7ithe prisoner was very rcetlete, like a person in a fever. He only slept about an hour. There were three warders with him all night who engaged in religious exercises, the prisoner joining willingly with them. He frequently asserted his innocence to those around him, and said be had been convicted by mistake. It appears he was so confident that the verdict would be in bis favour that on the 6th he stated to those around him that he would immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi. On Saturday morning, July 8, Dr. Pritchard was removed from the Calton Gaol, Edinburgh, to Glasgow, under the charge of a criminal officer and three assistants. The prisoner wan attired in the black dress suit which he had ob during the trial. Bofore leaving the gaol he was shackled to the officers, and he remained fastened in this way throughout the journey. He appeared quite composed and looked shout him with the utmost coolfiet s. His de parture was witnessed by a large number of persons who Led assembled en the platform. The following extracts arc from Dr. Fritchard's diary :— ' 17th February; 1865.— Died here at 1 a.m., Mary Jane, my own beloved wife, aged 38 years ; no torment surrounded her bedside, but,like a calm, peaceful lamb of God, passed Minnie away. May God and Jesus, Holy Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer till mine be o'er, everlasting love. S&ve; us, Lord, for thy dear Son.' CONFESSION OF SB. FKITCHARD. . The convict shortly after made a written confession of the nmrderof his wife. The prisoner confessed his guilt to Mr. Oldbam, Episcopalian clergyman, in a private manner, but Mr. Oldham requested that Pritchard should write the con fession, and he did so. The confession states that Mary M'Leod, the servant girl, was aware that be was poisoning bis wife, and that on the evening of hU wife's death, when he administered a dose of chloroform, M'Leod was present. Prisoner gives as a motive for poisoning his wife, his improper intimacy with M'Leod; and denies thathepoisoned bis mother in-law, Mrs. Taylor— who, he says, died from an overdose of Batlley'e solution. He confessed to having drugged the solution found in her pocket after death, but denies that it was poisoned before she expired. It is caid that when his brother, sister, and caughter were present with him the day previous to his confession, the latter had kneeled in the cell, and prayed him, if he had poisoned her mamma, to confess; audit is alleged that he then acknowledged his guilt. The following is a ctpy of the confession : — I, Edward William Pritchard, M.D., M.E.C.S.E., and L.A.S., &c;, hereby make in writing:, in the presence of the Rev. B. S. Oldham, M.A., the following confession, for transmission by him to the proper authorities : — ' It was when my wife was at Ardenonny,* in the summer of 1863, that I first became intimate with the girl Mary M'Leod, sleeping with her in my house at 22, Royal-crescent. This continued at intervals up to the time of our removal to 131, Sauchiehall-slreet. She became pregnant in May last [year], and with her own consent I produced a mis carriage. I have reason to believe that Mrs. Prftchard was quite aware of (hip, and rather sought to cover my wicked ness and folly. My mother-in-law, Mrs. Taylor, came last February to our home, and caught Mary M'Leod and myetlf in the consulting- room ; and the day before her death, having apparently watched us, she said to me, in the same rooEt, 'You have locked her into the cupboard,' which was true ; but nothing more passed. I declare Mrs. Taylor to have died in the manner I have stated; and I now believe her death to have been caused by an overdose of Battley's solution of opium. The aconite found in that bottle was put in by me after her death, and designedly left there in order to prove death by misadventure in case any inquiry should take place. Mrs. Pritchard was much better immediately after her mother's death, but subsequently became exhausted from want of sleep. I accounted for this by the shock produced by her mother's death: and hardly knowing how to act, at her own earnest request I gave her chloroform. It was about midnight, Mary M'Leod was in the room, and in an evil moment (being besides somewhat excited by whisky) I yielded to the temptation to give her sufficient to cause death — which I diet. I therefore declare before God, as a dying man, and in the presence of my spiritual adviser, that I am innocent of the crime of murder, so far as Mrs. Taylor is concerned, but acknowledge myself guilty of the adultery with Mary M'Leod and the murder of my wife. I feel now as though I had been living in a species of madness since my connection with Mary M'Leod; and I declare my solemn repentance of my crime, earnestly praying that I may obtain Divine forgiveness before I suffer the penalty of the law.— Edward William Pritchard.' 'Witnesses : John Stirring, governor; R. S. Oldham and John Mutrie. North Prison, Glasgow, July 11, 1865. After the publication of the above confession, the convict was visited by the Rev. Dr. Norman Mecleod, the Rev. Dr. Miller, the Rev. Mr. Reid, episcopalian clergyman, and ihjd prison chap lain. It is said that after the prisoner had remarked to one of bis spiritual advisers that ais confession was (rue, he was told that not a word of it was believed out of doors, and that he — the minister himself — was of the same opinion. The prisoner, it is alleged, then lay back; and looking calmly towards the ceiling of his cell expressed himself to the effect that he had often wondered why Christ while on earth had experienced such difficulty in dealing with unbelievers; but that after the minister's remark he was not sow surprised. On another occasion it is said that the convict began railing at his trial, and find ing fault with the judge and his leading counsel, who, he said, he believed was in league with the Crown authorities. On being reminded that a person in his position should not give vent to such expressions, he made a remark to the effect that he could ascend the scaffold with a smile upon his face. Some days afterwards, however, whether influenced by what his spiritual adviser had told him respecting the uni versal disbelief in his statement, or actuated by his own feelings, the convict made another confession, withdrawing the former one. Here it is in full : — « Confession by Edward William Pritchard, and made in the presence of an All-seeing God, and of the Rev. T. Watson Reid, my present spiritual adviser, on the 19th day of July, 1865, at Glasgow prison, for communication to the proper authorities. I, Edward William Pritchard, is tbe nil! possession of all my senses, and understanding tie awful position in which I am placed, do make free and open confession that the sentence pronounced upon me is just; that I am guilty ef the death of my mother-in-law, Mrs. Taylor, and of my wife, Mary Jane Pritchard ; that I can assign no motive for the oondnct which actuated me beyond a species of terrible madness and the use of ardent spirits. I hereby freely end folly stale that the confession made to tie Rev. R. S. Oldbam on the 11th day of this month was not true, and I hereby confess that I alone, not Mary M'Leod, poisoned my wife in the way brought out in evidence at my trial ; that Mrs. Taylor's death was caused according to the wording of the indictment I further state to be true ; and the mam facts brought out on my trial I hereby folly ac knowledge, and now plead wholly and solely guilty thereto, and may God have mercy on ay soul ! I pray earnestly for repentance not to be repented of and for forgiveness from Almighty God, through the intercession of our blessed Re deemer, Mediator, and Advocate, Jesus Christ the Lordand Saviour. Fellow creatures, pray for me, and let me add I am in charity with all men. I have now to record my humble thanks to all who have taken part in any way for my interest. First to their lordships the judges for their great patience, forbearance, and careful consideration of my case, and to the gentlemen of tbe jury; to all the officials ; I cannot help mentioning the clerk of the High Court of Justiciary, the Governor (Mr. Smith) of the Edinburgh GaoL the chaplain, Rav. Mr. Bussell, Head-Warder Nelson, Warders John Living stone end Mackintosh; the Governor of Glasgow Prison, Mr. Stirling; Mr. Armour, head-warder: chaplain, Mr. Doran ; his assistants, Messrs Hogg and Troup; Warders Mutrie, Thomson, &c.; ; to Drs. Leiahman and Dewar, sur geons to Glasgow prison ; and Dr. Simpson, of Edinburgh gaol. To the non-officials my heartfelt thanks are specially due; to the Rev. Dr. Miller, of Free St. Matthew's, Glas gow ; and to other ministers who have written me, not adding their names; to Dr. Norman Macleod, may God bless him ; and to my own immediate faith-professors, Rev. R. S. Oldham and Rev. T. Watson Reid ; to the police authorities — Superintendent M'Call and police at tie central t nice. Glasgow; to sergeant Stewart, of the Edin burgh police force; and the sheriff's officers Wilson, of Glasgow, and Ferguson, of Edinburgh; and to many others whose courtesy and kindness I cannot forget ; above all to Sir Archibald Alison, Sheriff, &c;, far his humane, gentle treatment while undergoing his legal duties. May each and all accept the thanks of a dearly penitent sinner, and may Heaven be their reward, is tie last prayer of Edward William Pritchard.' There is also connected with Dr. Pritchard another case on which perhaps he maybe able to throw some light: some three or four years ago a female servant in his employ was found burned to death in his house. She was found lying on her back on the bed, with the lower part of her person much burned, ana tho door was locked, but the key could not be discovered. At the time the case excited grave sus picion that she did not come by her death fairly, and it seemed almost incredible that a womaa who was burnt to death should be found lying on her back. She naturally would have endeavoured to eavc herself, and tbe inference d'awn from the odd circumstances was that the unfortunate young woman was already dead before the bod took or was 6et on fire. In ieferen.ee to this circumstance, a Glasgow journal objerves :— Some factB have come to our knowledge connected with (be mysterious burning of the servant in his house in Bcrkeley-terrace, calculated to throw a deeper shade of suspicion over the occurrence than anything in the account of it contained in the narratives of the calamity. It is quite true that the door of the room where the servant was sleeping was locked, but it was not quite so certain that it was locked from the inside. The key was not in the lock, bnt was found by Dr. Pritohard in a room fall af smoke, lying on tbe bed where the servant lay charred and lifeless, nobody saw the key until it was in the doctor's hand, and how he could hare so readily found it in so unlikely a place, amidst the dojBe and almost suffocating smoke, re mains a mystery that we fear points onlv to one solution. On another matter— viz., the motive for the double murder of which he has been found guilty — considerable light is thrown by hip relations with a wealthy heiress in Glasgow. Tbe young lady in question had some £14,000 in her own right. Dr. Pritchard was on visiting and generally pretty familiar teims with the heiress, upon whom, simple and unsuspecting to a degree, no blame rests. Aware of her resources, the doctor sought a loan of some money. Before giving it, the young lady consulted a friend, who advised that toe money fhould not be given. The advice was acted upon, and the refusal broke up the correspondence. The hiatus in tbe intercourse thus created rendered it impossible for the prosecution to introduce (his episode into the trial ; but, had matters all gone right, it is easy to perceive what light it would bavethed upon the one point in the case on which no light fell in court, and no light has yet fallen in his confession. Dr. Pattetros, of Glasgow, has addressed a long letter to the Glasgow Herald, in vindication of his conduct in not having communicated to anybody his suspicion that Mrs. Pritchard wbb being poisoned :— ' Suppose,' he saye, ' that 1 had been such an obvious fool as to have acted in the manner suggested by the learned counsel for the prisoner, and also by the Lord Jus tice Clerk, I would have been a rash and bold man indeed, as sensibly observed by the Solicitor-General. Had I de nounced Pritcbard to his face, or stated my suspicions to Mrs. Pritcbard, or gone to the criminal authorities and in formed them of my suspicions, what, I should like to know, would have been my position? Pritchard could have brought forward no less than three medical friends, all Edinburgh graduates, viz., Professor Gairdner, and Drs. -Cowan and Taylor, not one of whom suspected Mrs. Pritchard was being poisoned by antimony ! Would the diagnosis of a Glasgow graduate have been believed for one moment when opposed by such a galaxy of professional talent and experience in consultation ? And this, too, at a time when there could be no post-mortem examination nor chemical analysis to bear me out in the correctness of my opinion. The immediate consequence would have been most assuredly an action for heavy and ruinous damages. It is all very fine for Mr. Clark to chaff me with being afraid of my purse and afraid of my person (Heaven knows my puree is light enough !) when he well knew that he was purposely and designedly misleading the public and the press by subtly making it appear that it was Mrs. Priteh ard'6 death certificate that 1 had refused to give, and at the same time totally ignoring the feet that it was Mrs. Taylor's, who died three weeks before her daughter, and also wilfully ignoring the fact of my letter to the registrar, in which letter I did all that shonld have teen required for the purpose of saving Mrs. Fritohard's life had the registrar done his duty. Even as it was, after Fritehard's apprehension, but before the analysis \ras known, the relatives characterised me as a villain, and vowed they would have me banished; and some portion even of the Glasgow press held me forth as a moral coward, a stabber in the dark, and the whole matter was regarded as a cruel piece of malignant profes sional jealousy.' In a postscript Dr. Patterson, in fairness and in common jUBtiee to himeelf, calls upon the editors of all those news papers and public journals who may have reported the rritcbard case to- give his letter full insertion, so as to counteract the false and erroneous impressions which have ban propagated through their medium, that he, as a medical man, stuck eo much on the etiquette of his profes sion that he would do nothing to save the life of a human being whom be suspected «f being poisoned ; ' and thus, I trust,' he concludes, 'I shall -yet rise, like the phoenix, out of my own ashes from the great conflagration which some of tie public journals, I hope and trust in total ignorance, have studiously endeavoured to heap upon me.' The convict keeps calm and composed, spending the whole day in reading the few books supplied out of the prison library, eating well and sleeping soundly. An ap plication has already been received from a person ambitious of officiating on the morning of the execution. This rival to Calcraft, although quite unknown on the platform of the Britisbgallows, states that he qualified himself for tbe task by a short bnt arduous apprenticeship during the mutiny in India, where he made his first essay amongst the rebel sepoys. Tbe authorities, it is stated, have agreed to em ploy Calcraft. The following account of the criminal will probably be read with some interest : — Edward William Pritchard is the son of Mr. John White Pritchard, a captain in the Royal navy, and was bom in 1825 at Sonthsea, Hants. After going through the usual preliminary education, he was apprenticed in September, 1840, te Messrs. Edward John and Charles Henry Scott, surgeons of considerable practice in Portsmouth. During his apprenticeship he is stated to have assiduously studied the elementary branches of his profession and conducted himself with great propriety. On the completion of his apprenticeship, he came to London, and entered on his hospital studies at King's CoUege, in October, 1843 ; these, also, he prosecuted with great zeal, and his friends being desirous that he should enter the naval service of his country, he memorialised the authorities at the College of Surgeons to be allowed to offer himself for examination at as earlier period than was at that time allowed: his application having been granted, he appeared before the Court of Examiners, on the 20th of May, 1846, and, after the usual examination, was admitted a member of the college. Ee then underwent an examination before tbe Navy board, and was duly gazetted an assistantsur geon in her Majesty's navy, and has several relatives in the combatant branch of that service. Those who know what the position of the medical officer in the royal navy was at that time, and which is not much improved at the present time, will not be surprised that a highly educated and accom plished surgeon, should endeavour to emancipate himself from such thraldom. He therefore embraced the first op portunity, and resigned all connection with the royal navy, and determined on eeeking private practice. Finding it was necessary to possess a doable qualification, he presented himceU before the Society of Apothecaries, and having passed the examination was admitted a Kcentiate of the hall. He had previously obtained (it is believed by purchase) the ' M.D.' of Erlangen. He then proceeded to Glasgow, where be practised with great success, until his apprehen sion for a crime, second only in atrocity to that of the noto rious William Palmer. While waiting for practice he seught amusement and profit in the use of his pen, and be came a laborious contributor to the advancement of general and medical science; many of his papers are distributed through the pages ef the Medical Times and Gazette, and the Lancet, the Transactions of the Pharmaceutical, Obste trical, and King's College Medical Societies. He was the author of a ' Vint to Fitcairn Island,' ' Observations on Filey as a Watering Place,' ' The Guide to Filey and its Antiquities,' ' Coast Lodgings for the Poor of Cities,' &c.; Dr. Pritchard was a fellow and member of nearly twenty learned societies and institutions in the United Kingdom, and medical officer to several life assurance offices. Ii per sona! appearance the convict is a tall, slightly- built man, about 6 net 10 inches or 11 inches in height, with sharp pointed features, aquiline nose, and does not appear older than the age stated— viz., forty-one years. 