To the Editor of the Queanbeyan Age. SIR,--Great interest being felt by the public, as to the future of the Mac Reef--which, by the bye has not a very euphonious name--a corresponding desire is felt to obtain strictly accurate intelligence as to its present condition, as affording with other know- ledge some indication of what that future may be. I, a humble unit in that respectable body, the public, feel the same interest and the same desire for correct intelligence as my compeers; and to obtain the latter appear to have no alternative but a troublesome journey to the reef, as the statements made by many disappointed diggers whom I have seen leaving the reef, and by your correspondents upon it, are very much at variance. This variance, although easily accounted for, is extremely perplexing, the more so as the retreating diggers present the strongest proof of the truth of their unfavourable reports, by their leaving the reef behind them; while on the other hand, the accounts furnished to the press by correspondents must also be taken as true unless they manifestly shew exaggeration of truth, distor- tion or suppression of facts, and interested motives on the part of the writers. Allow me to test the credibility of two communications which appeared in your paper of the 23rd instant, each of them professing to some extent to supply the information the public requires. One of them, signed Old Reefer, in a few words allays all excitement and for ever sets at rest the question "will it pay?" by telling the simple public that he "has spent a month in carefully prospecting along the north line of the reef for four miles" and further on he has "hesitation in saying that there is not a single claim marked on it but will turn out stone from the surface down rich enough to pay all expenses both for opening up and working the same." Very good, Mr Reefer; your letter is perfectly satisfactory so far as to convince me that after this you will "have no hesitation in saying" anything. Pray what were all the claimholders north of the prospectors' claim doing when you were so carefully prospecting the four miles? As no one appears to have seen you, did you do your great feat of prospecting by starlight? If so, was your progress not indicated by the loss of a damper at one tent, a fig of tobacco at another, a piece of beef at the next, and so on to the nor'ard, rather than by the rapid strokes of your pick? Mr Reefer, you lay it on rather too thick , and one little sentence which you unthinkingly wrote furnishes a clue to your enthusiastic opinion of the reef, shows where your sympathy lies, and explains your deep anxiety that it (the reef) should be immediately de- veloped, viz.: "The sooner this (the opening of the reef) is done the better. The business men will then reap the benefit of the miners' labour." Here is the cloven foot. How careful Old Reefer is of the interests of business men, and how anxious that they--not the miners themselves, observe--should reap the benefit of the miners' labours. Old Reefer's prodigious prospecting, his tender care for the harvest of business men, and his indifference to that of the miners', eminently qualify him to keep a shanty, but totally exclude him from any right to be considered a trustworthy exponent of the state of affairs at Mac Reef. Disappointed and slightly disgusted with Old Reefer's production, I hopefully turned to the other communication, that of your own correspondent, be- lieving that from him I would receive some of that information I so anxiously sought; that he, as the representative of a journal whose editor I knew to be anxious for truth, was the man of all others to drag the goddess from the bottom of any well, shaft or crevice, in which she might be hidden; that he at least would have sufficient literary ability to narrate his researches intelligibly to ordinary intellects like my own. After frequent and careful perusal of his letter, I can only say it is without exception the most puzzling literary gem I have ever met. I have read it backward and forward and upside down, and am still doubtful of its meaning. He begins with a meeting to be held tomorrow; when the tomorrow referred to arrives it was held yesterday; and when held it was not a meeting at all, but a concourse of ghosts--of defunct diggers probably--"the shade of a meeting which passed skeleton resolutions." Again: he has dived into Mr John Carmichael's thoughts, which so please him that he expresses his hope to se- cure the spirit of Mr Carmichael, thus insidiously making use of your columns to assert his belief in the heathenish doctrine of transmigration of souls. I would suggest to your own correspondent to catch it (the spirit of Mr C.) in a fiddle, as Paganini is said to have done the spirit of his mother. Again: "North, better known as Mount Lazarus (query, Count Lazarus?) has been struck with quartz."* This assault appears to have been unprovoked, and what a waste of the precious metal to pelt North or Count Lazarus with quartz which shewed some specks of gold. Again he says "two miles south of the prospectors' claim gold has been struck, and the men have applied for the prospectors' area." What right have they to the prospectors' area because they struck gold two miles south of their claim? What is the distinction between the prospectors' area and their claim? I am aware that their claim is the portion of the reef allotted to them by the commis- sioner, and I presume their area is a slang term in- vented by your own courrespondent to signify their old clothes rendered useful to "the men" by the dilapidation their former apparel suffered in the melee with gold, which after being struck may have retaliated. He winds up by announcing a novel entertainment by those nimble aerobats "Jumping Claims," whose astounding gymnastic feats astonish all beholders and far surpass those of Jumping Dervishes. Your own correspondent's letter appears to be, to use his own pompous terms, "rather dero- gatory to his sanity." How can I, Mr Editor, or any other man decide upon trying my fortune on Mac Reef with nothing to guide me but a letter from your own correspondent which no man on earth, be he ever so good a Hebrew scholar, could make head or tail of, and another from Old Reefer, who is as anxious about the business men as some petty huckster with a cart load of tin pots or oranges who would gladly assist in bringing thoughtless diggers by hundreds to the reef for his chance of getting his share of the few shillings they might possess and then like Satan "grin horribly a ghastly grin" as the toil worn and jaded men trudged wearily on to other fields. Not one of your correspondents appears to think it necessary to State whether claims on this reef rich as they are require any capital to work them, whether employment can be had by the nu- merous diggers who are travelling thither, whether in short it is an act of wisdom or of outrageous folly for men without a shilling to travel (in some cases hundreds of miles) to Mac Reef at present. Is it right, is it just, or is it honest, for your correspondents to publish only glowing reports of the universal presence of gold without one word of caution to those who are sure to be hastily attracted by those reports and in many cases only to meet bitter disappointment? Would it not he better for those who wish well to the district, those who can look beyond the chance sixpence of today to the certain sovereign of a month hence, to state the whole truth and nothing else? The reef is rich enough in all conscience to afford this. Full and correct information on the points men- tioned in the preceding paragraph would be far better calculated to give a high and correct opinion of its value to sensible men and do infinitely more to establish a good and enduring reputation for it than this promulgation of such hawker and pedlar's opinions as those of Old Reefer and such utter and unintelligible trash as that of you own correspondent. If the efforts of your correspondents were at all likely to direct the attention of men of capital to the reef, which is undoubtedly well worthy of such attention, I for one should be grateful for their efforts. But I fear such communications as theirs can only result in creating an opinion among moneyed men, who are proverbially cautious, that the whole thing is a delusion; and in attracting hundreds to the spot who under present circumstances can only add to the poverty of the district, instead of vastly increasing its wealth, as they would do if their influx followed or accompanied that of men of sufficient means to carry on operations on the reef of a magnitude commensurate with its unquestionable wealth. Your most obedient servant, VERITAS. 