A REAL GHOST STORT. We commend the following to the notice of some of the many publishers of readings for Christmas. The simple facts transpired in a parish in Boxborgbsliire this present month, about midnight, between a Saturday and Sunday. It was moonlight but cloudy, hence the night was 60metimas clear and at other limes nearly pilch dark—in fact, it was such a night as witches, warlocks, and ghosts used to delight in, and il seemed to our informant that one of these supernatural visitants actually made its appearance in the said parish at the time abovemcntioneil, and the place was the churchyard. But to ticfiin at the beginning of the story, it was narrated to us by a respectable person who lived in a cottage hard by the seenejmd who with his wife and family also got a fright. They lisd just retired to rest for the night. There was no light in the room but the flickering light of the dying embers of the fire in tlie grate; when suddenly the door opened. and an elderly woman vrushed into the room. She was almost out of breath, and sat down nearly exhausted on the nearest seat. She nearly fainted awny. The guid folks of the house recollected that they had forgotten to lock the door, and thought it must be some human being in great distress who had run into their house for protection. They gave her a drink to revive her and when the came round a litlle, in answer to the question ivliat ailed her, the muttered out, amid long drawn sieh«. that •' she thought the time had gaen by for ghosts, but she had seen ane the nicht." In this way sb» 10 proceeded to tell how she had gone to pays her dear departed husband's grave, for there »•[ saebotly like lier John. He was aye dear to her, &0 4 now that he was away there was nane toAH b" place, and she never felt happy unless when shews* beside him. Aye, his very dust was dear to her, and she cotiM spend whole nights beside him 7®'' though he had been buried now for montlii. Sh e •aid she had often before gone and stood beside w" tombestone for hours, and no one had fashed her tin that night, when she bad got sic a gliff tbst »t>e, thought she would not getover it, "Ob, me I" ssj" •he, "that aw-fu'-looking man. It wasna my John, Na na, ma John had nae ugly-looking, black face like you; and then the awful'man never spoke a word, but made sic unearthly sounds, and pointed wi his hands, whiles up and whiles down, tbatl didna whether he was frae aboou or below, and be wade a' sorts of queer mautBuvres. He put his hands up to his head, and looked for a' the world like tlie black (alia wi his horns. It wasna tny John, I «" .„ hp w-ana bae gliffeS tne ?hat way, ana then w,c f „1d h?vo epoken to mo that I coull ha' lie "Tlirnt lie said; but that awfu' man, wi" a' rtK boobooing and shaking o' hand, didna speak in our tongue. Oh, h i!! »Tfu* i » I'lack^envy face is hunting m. whither he came from I denna ken nither, "' re He didna come in at the gate nor ower VmMie juit started up before me out o' John'i hat he wa»na ma John. I dinna ken howl from that awfu'-like apparition, or how I ' I/to!* Where am I?" So when she had S'Srf hw story it was plain she had had a ^ .ifjck to her nerves. The family into S e house she came, when they got a light knew be » respectable woman, and when she was composed the goodman kindly Tolunteered to Spaytlie home. On the way they were met by fi^Snt woman's son, who had been searching ..rrwbeie for his mother, and, knowing that she S t nossibly, late asit waB.bave gone there for she Sajkeawther deeply affected by the loss of her Sand so much so that there was no consoling E„ sod there wa» no keeping her away from the grave when she could get away. },.„„, however, that she had got such a fright hy that visit that she would not soon seek baek to the }"" lc,| churchyard. We can only guess at a solui on of the mysterious apparition • A. deaf and dumb jT.n with bushy black beard and moustache, lodges !»«dwelling overlooking the burying- ground. He ' j|().e 8een the disconsolate woman there, and out of pity for 1,er llad to advise her to go liome-tathis atrango appearance, want of speech, nd the signs ma le with his hands may have added ' .1, woman's terror, lior heated imagination doing the rest.-' Caledonian Mercury,' December 14. 