PRICE OF MEAT IN NEW SOUTH WALES. (From the S. M. Herald, September 1.) Householders are beginning to call out loudly about the price of meat, and in the weekly consumption of a large family the rise in price makes a serious difference If we were founding a new colony, to which all supplies had to be imported it would be intelligible that meat should occasionally run short; but we are in a settled country, in which the pastoral occupation is the staple industry. We have at least six millions of sheep, and about two and a half millions of cattle, and there are only four hundred thousand persons to eat down the annual supply of fat stock. Moat ought not to be dear under such circumstances, and that it is so is an anomaly that requires explanation. What is the so of it? Some ascribe it to the drought, Some say it is the consequence of of pleuro-pneumonia, others aver that it is the result of free selection. It is the result of all three causOB combined. The season has not been a favorable one to the grazier. Some parts of the colony have been more favored than others, but in many the drought has been very disastrous. It has not only been impossible for cattle to be fattened, but in some places it has not even been possible for them to live, Even where there is no great mortality among cattle in consequence of a drought, there is a very great deduction from the quantity of stock sent to market. It is not worth while to muster half-starved stock to forward them to the metropolis. The drought, too, increases the difficulty of forwarding what there are to send. None of the routes by which fat cattle come to Sydney are remarkable for luxuriant pasture, and the real wonder is that the drovers bring their stock in as well as they do. But even in good seasons there is a wonderful difference in the condition of the animals when they are taken off their runs and their condition when they got to the shambles. When mustered, their sides are shaking with fat, but half their good looks and a large part of their substantial re- commendations have vanished by the time they reach Fulhigar's. In a dry season the journey is still worse. Constant travel and short com- mons agree neither with man nor beast. This is a difficulty that can only be thoroughly obviated by the extension of our railways. The physical geography of the country round Sydney cannot be altered. We cannot state the distance of the nearest fattening run, but it is certainly a good many miles from the metropolis, and if a beast is lean on its arrival, there is little on this side of the Nepean to assist in the ro proving its condition. There are paddocks enough in the county of Cumberland ; indeed, owing to the poverty of the soil, four-fifths of the land are still under grass j but in the winter the grass has but little nourishment, and in a particularly dry winter the encouragement to a bullock to get fat is at the minimum. Between the railways are open to Bathurst and Goulburn we may hope to see Stock brought down in better condition. They will be deliverable at those towns in good order, because their journeys will be shorter, and through better grazing country, and the train will bring them forward to the city in a single day. Meanwhile, is not it possible to do coastwise, by the aid of steamboats, what we are waiting for railroads to do for us by land The coast of Queensland is studded with cattle stations. There are even places where cattle might be driven straight from their runs to the docks of a steamer, and there are plenty of ports in convenient proximity to good pasture During the past two years we have shipped off a good many fat cattle to New Zealand. Why cannot we reship from Queensland to supply our own wants ? Cattle could be brought down from the Queensland ports in from two to three days, and without any very serious loss of condition. ThoBproadofplouro-pnoumonin,and,stillinoro, the dread of it, have done something to add to the scarcity of fat cattle. Whole mobs have been sent to the shambles to anticipate their dying of disease. This for a time made beef comparatively cheap, but now there is a reaction setting in, and some persons are inclined to think that they have perhaps been a little too precipitate in parting, for whatever they would fetch, with beasts which, if kept a little longer, would have been valuable. Free selection has also had something to do with the substitution of sheep for cattle on many stations. A fattening station is easily spoiled. How far this process will be continued we cannot say It may be that the improved price of cattle will check it. If not, the unen- closed fattening runs will become more and more remote, and in positions nearer to town, only purchased and enclosed lands will be available for fattening purposes. In the absence of a fencing law, this seems a very probable result. Even now, fat cattle are being forwarded from very remote localities as far even as from Fort Bourke. Two or three different processes have lately been brought before the public for curing and preserving beef. If the premises of the patentees of these processes could be realised, the tendency would be to cheapen beef, because the preserved article would always come into consumption as soon as fresh beef rose above a certain price. There would also be more induce- ment to keep up the supply of cattle if there were an export trade in preserved meat. There are large areas of this colony which can only be profitably used for cattle, and perhaps still larger areas in Queensland. It has been sometimes thought that there was no adequate induce- ment to occupy all this country, as there was no adequate local demand for meat, and the demand for tallow was not illimitable But if a truce could be established in preserved beef there would be less danger of a glut of fat cattle, and less risk of that depreciation in price, the few of which is so discouraging to graziers, at 1 your WOl start of the Tin ing as a tea off did wife no: me Me the him be sent to the tra risk the Sp ion was ever so well 'by. way Oto wood tile into the arts are. off Thy holy man Too of ore, to save their beef tion to too old nor, do on isily she'd lived non and two, rail e of suit, from Port lately and for ten the i Fish Rivas Cheek, The weather in this neighborhood at present is dry, and the want of rain is beginning to be severely soil. Already weather-wise individuals, with ominous head shakings and portentous looks give utterance to their fears that it is setting in for a dry season, an opinion, which, taking present appearances into consideration, I feel somewhat inclined to endorse. Though we are visited with very heavy frosts almost every night, the days are beautifully warm and dry, and much more like summer than we are usually favored with in the month of August, that being a month quite proverbial in this neighborhood for its sure and certain accompaniments of rain and snow. Altogether it has been a most splendid season for the putting in of grain ; much more favorable I think than I remember to have Been bore before. Flat lands that other years are partially covered with water, and in every way wet and disagreeable, have this year been filled in fine order, and all that is wanting now to crown the hopes of our farmers, is rain. This is one side of the picture, and least some of of your readers should think it flattering, I must perforce present the other, which is not quite so bright. Owing to the severe frosts with which we were visited in the commencement of the winter destroying the grass, and the heavy falls of snow which succeeded, cattle and horses are reduced to a very low condition, and present a striking contrast to the sleek bovine and equine boards which we are accustomed to see in the summer Bathurst Free Press. Waiho. Tho weathers! ill continues pareh ingly dry, and round about some of the stations there is not a blade of feed. Higher up the river rain has been more abundant, and feed is very good. On the 8th and 9th we had a little rain just enough to make us lamont it was so little Nothing short of three days' heavy rain can do us any good, Travellers have now to go from the Culgoa, eighty miles, without water ! Heaven knows what will be done. The water holoatLoada napper is marked as a township reserve, and you, would you believe it, the Bourke River Company have put their sheep there, trampling and eating every bunch of grass near the water, which itself will soon be done 4,000 sheep soon dry up a little surface water. When that is accomplished, travelling must stop. But I trust there are means to stop such proceedings. A young man, a native of the Hunter, died on the road three miles from Mr. Charles Cowper's station, from some cause or other. His mate rode up to the station and begged assistance. I rode back to the eating man as fast as possible, but life had (fled. The deceased died without a struggle ; he was leaning against a tree, in perfect repose He was a young man, formerly employed by Mr. Robert Fitzgerald, of Norma, and was known up the river as " Tommy the Native." Mr. Patterson took possesion of all his property -two horses, &c.;, &c.; which will be handed to the authorities, his mates buried him where he died, protecting the grave from any encroach- ments from cattle or other animals. Lambing up the river is much more successful than in many parts of the colony. A very large number of blacks are assembled above Culla Mulla 500 or 000. The troopers are on the alert. Maitland Mercury. Rowdyism in the House or Commons. There have been more "rows" in the House of Commons during the present session than in any two or three since the passing of the Reform Bill. In fact, rows, scandals, and personal altercations seem to be the only things which can bring and keep the members together. The disorderly scenes and unseemly noises that used to disgrace the old, unreformed house of com- mons have been revived to a degree in this session which has excited much painful surprise If cock crowing, donkoy-brnying, and ghost-like exhibition have not been quite so much ordinary performances as they used to be in the olden time, a new species of cry has been introduced that of calling upon hon. members to sing. This, to be sure, has been applied only to such members as Mr. Whalley, who, no doubt, are bores; but that does not justify the house in forgetting its own dignity. I have known the house now for some, years, and I confess I never saw such scenes as have lately occurred. The periods before and after dinner are equally dreaded by quiet members, who are anxious to do their duty and perform the work of the public. There is a certain class of members who are distinguished by wearing faultless trousers, unimpeachable coats, and waistcoats of virgin purity, who seem to think that the whole duty of a member of Parliament is to dine and make merry, and that all who interfere with those occupations, by discussing public affairs at inconvenient hours ought to be put down by noise and clamor. These gentry are troublesome before dinner, and still more so afterwards, when, with Unshod faces and ex- hilarated spirits, they return from table. Really, this is very disgraceful, and should be taken note of by constituencies.-Illustrated Times. Anecdote of more Late Emperor Nicholas. The following incident has been created which is highly creditable to Nicholas. Passing on a winter night by one of the guardhouse in St. Petersburg, he had the curiosity to see what was going on in the interior. The officer on duty was seated near a table, tranquilly sleeping, but with helmet on, sword by his side, and accoutre- ments irreproachable. The Emperor made a sign to the sentinel to let him enter, and, approaching the table, he perceived on it a paper, on which the following memorandum was written -" State of my expenses and of ray receipts Debt Lodgings, maintenance, fuel, Seo., 2,000 roubles ; dress and pocket money, 2,500 ; doubt, 3,500 ; alimentary pension to my mother, 500 roubles ; total 8,000 roubles. Credit-Pay and other receipts, 4,000 roubles ; deficit, 4,000 roubles. Who will pay this sum ?" This question terminated the account, and the officer, unable to find any answer, had fallen asleep with the pen in his hand. The emperor approached him and having recognised one of the best conducted amongst his guards, took the pen and wrote beneath the appalling question the significant name of Nicholas. He then quietly with drew without awakening the officer, or having been seen by any of the other soldiers on guard. The surprise of the guardsman may be imagined when, on awaking, he found the emperor's sig nature on the paper before him, and scored the mysterious visit with which he had been favored. The next morning, to his further surprise and delight, he was presented by an orderly with a letter from Nicholas, in which he was admonished to those for the future better time and place to sleep, but to continue, as in the past, to serve his emperor and to take care of his mother. 1" A Pair or Shots western hunter and his brother spent a year in and about the Rocky Mountains. They had two rifles, one bullet, and one keg of powder. With those, he says, they killed on an average twenty-seven head of buffaloes a day. The fact that they did all this with one bullet led to the following cross question-" How did you kill all these buffaloes with only one bullet ?" " Well, we shot a buffalo; I stood on one side, and my brother on the other. Brother fired ; the ball passed into the barrel of my rifle. The next time I fired, and brother caught my ball in his rifle. We kept up the hunt for twelve mouths, killing nearly two hundred buffaloes per week, and yet brought home the same ball we started with." The House of Keys," an ancient and hitherto irresponsible court in the Isle of Man, has been cast in damages in an action for false imprisonment. It appears that the house thought they had the power of imprisonment, and they exercised it on the editor of a newspaper in the island who had spoken disrespect- fully of them. They kept him in custody seven and a half weeks, when he was released by order of the Court of Queen's Bench, and now he has obtained damages from them to the amount of ยฃ518, together with costs. A Bailok took a child to be christened, and happening to hold his baby on the wrong arm for the clergyman to take it, was asked to " him the child," upon which he turned its face downwards. " No, no," said the parson, " turn it, my good man," when he turned Mb face uppermost, as before. In this dilemma an old post captain sitting in the gallery came to the rescue, and sang out, " end for end, Jack," " Aye, aye, sir," said the sailor, and pitched his son and heir over the other arm, uce hero hore J be still into use was do if a beef fat rice, tern, A Strange Casks strange case was tried at Taunton. Henry Fisher, a slightly imbecile journeyman shoemaker, thought machine-sewing would ruin him, and convinced his wife, though stronger-minded than himself. as the best way of escaping the danger, they resolved to kill themselves, and nearly carried out this resolve. The woman cleared up the room, put on a clean night-gown, made herself and her husband look as neat as possible, and then swallowed eleven teaspoonfuls of laudanum, and, after two days of lingering, died. The man drank his do so, but did not die, and was tried for the murder of his wife There was no question as to the facts, and none as to the motive, and the jury recommended the prisoner to mercy, but nevertheless Mr. Justice Crompton laid down the dogma that a " suicide was a murderer," and sentenced him to death. Of course the sentence will not be executed, but still it shocks the instinctive sense of mankind. Death can be no deterrent' to a suicide, and people who have tried to kill themselves are dismissed every day by the magistrates. in the nature of things every suicide risks capital punishment by his own hands, and the law had much better leave him alone. Spectator. Madame de Barrat The death is announced of Madame de Barras, who founded the congregation of the Sacre Cour, and has since directed it. She was a person remarkable for her charity, her powerful intellect, and her goodness of heart, and had attained the eighty fifth year of her age. It was at Amiens, sixty five years since, that she laid the foundation of the work which she directed with so much skill to the end of her life. Madame de Barras founded more than 100 branches of the Sacre Court in one of which the Empress Eugenie was educated. The present Emperor, whose family gave several nuns to the order, ratified the approbation formerly given to the congrega- tion by Napoleon I. My Morning Some gentlemen passing through the beautiful village of Benton in the Vale of Leven, Dumbartonshire, about 9 o'clock at night, some time ago, had their attention directed to a dark object in the churchyard. On going in to ascertain what it was, they found a boy of tender years lying flat on his face, and apparently sound asleep over a recently-made grote. Thinking this not a very safe bed for him they shook him up, and asked how he came to be there. He said he was afraid to go home, as his sister, with whom he resided, had threatened to beat him. *' And were does your sister live?" asked one of the party. "In Dumbar- ton, was the answer. "In Dumbarton -nearly four miles off and how came you to wander so far away from home ?" "I just came," sobbed the poor little fellow, " because my mother's grave was here." His mother had been buried there a short time before ; and his seeking refuge at her grave in sorrow was a beautiful touch of nature in a child who could scarcely have yet learned to realise the true character of that separation which knows of no reunion on earth. Thither had he instinctively wandered to sob out his sorrows, and to moisten with tears the grave of one who had hitherto been his natural protector, for he evidently cried himself asleep. According to Sir W. J. Hooker's report, the Sunday visitors to Kew Gardens last year numbered 218,308, nearly as many as those of all the other days of the week put together the total of the week-day visitors being 251,999. The Athenum states that, at certain photographic establishments " at Chelsea, the appetite as well as the vanity of the public are stimulated by the offer of an " Golspie and your likeness for sixpence" Others offer " your likeness " and a cup of coffee for the same money. At a third house it is " your likeness and a cigar for sixpence." Five pounds reward is offered in The Times for the recovery of an " epieycloidal chuck," which weighs about 7lb., and has been missing since last December. For the benefit of those who do not know what constitutes an " epioycloid," it may be stated that it is " a curve generated by the revolution of the periphery of a circle along the convex or concave side of the periphery of another circle." To be sure it is ! A young lady recently entered the shop of a fashionable milliner for the purpose of of making some trifling purchase. " How is your mother, miss ?" politely inquired the lady. " She is not very well," replied affectionate. " Ah I what is the matter with her ?"-" She fell down stairs and hurt her curtsey bender very much." " Her what ?"- " Her curtsoy-bendor." "Curtsoybcnder, what is that?" inquired the puzzled milliner. " Why her knee, said the blushing damsel. American Paper. The older Matthews one day arrived at a forlorn country inn, and addressing a lugubrious waiter, inquired if he could have a chicken and some asparagus. The mysterious serving man shook his head. " Can I have a duck then ?" " No sir." " Have you any mutton chops ?" "Not one, sir," " Then, as you have got no eatables, bring me something to drink. Have you any spirits?" "Sir," replied the man, with a profound sigh, " we are out of spirits." " Then, in wonder's name, what have you got in the house ?" " An execution, Bir ?" Conundrum. Which are the lightest men Scotchmen, Irishmen, or Englishmen? An sworn-in Ireland there are men of Cork in Scotland, men of Ayr (air) ยก but in England, upon the Thames, there are lighter mon. Cuttings country editor thinks that Richelieu, who declared that "the pen was mightier than the sword," ought to have spoken a good word for " scissors." Jerrold colls scis cors " an editor's steal-pen." No fewer than 252 persons are annually killed in London in the streets. Miss Burdett Coutts has presented a, medal to the Acclimatisation Society, to be awarded for distinguished service. Several casualties happened on the Derby day. Some were of a fatal character, and some were caused by insane tricks. gen pro re. tion 1 