THE NEW STATE OF NKVADA. FfJIOM THE NEW YORK HERALD, NOVEMBER 2.J ' TUh proclamation of President Lincoln, published on Monday, absorbs tbo territory of Nevada, with its untold wealth of riches in gold, silver nnd other minerals, into the over swelling bosom of the United Stiitfs. Nevada, bat yesterday an isolated placo on ?which bnt littlo public interest concentrated, has .suddenly become a placo of paramount importance, OP ,.nm mirl Tjnlnnliln Rtnto of tho Union. Tbe act af Congress authorising the President to do this thing was approved on tho 21st March, 18G4. By this act the people of that territory had tho fall -option to form a State Government, after which it ?was provided ibat the new State should bo admitted into the Union upon on equal footing with Die -original Stutcs in all respects. Tho act defines the limits of the State, and declares that slavery, except as u puuishmt-nt for convicted crime, sbull not b-) ?permuted to oxist there. The State, until tbe next general census shall bo taken, is entitled to -one representative iu tho House of Repre sentatives nf tho Uuited Stutcs. Tbe other provisions of tbe act go to establish tho autho rity of tbo United States in every _ respect ?where it is compatible with tho rights assigned by tbv State coiir-titntion. Tho State is colled ' Ne vada, ' from the old Spanish nomenclature, that woid signifying 'snowy,' from the word 'nievo,' which means snow iu the Castilian laiigmige. Tlio territory was organised on tho 2nd of March, 18G1. The capital, now tho chief city of tho Stato, is Carson City. Tho wholo estimated area of the -country embraced in tbo now state is 83,500 square mile s, and in 18C3 its whito population was put down at 40,c iOO. It embraces that portiou nf tbe public domain lying within the one hundredth and fifteenth decree of longitude wost from Greenwich (or tlie thirty -eighth west from Washington) aud the wet-tern boundary of California, and between tho thirty-seventh aud forty-second parallel of north latitude, which separates it from Arizona. It is immoiliftiely ? ant of California and west of Utah. Tbe surface in the eastern part is mountainous, being traversed by tbe Sierra Nevada, or ' Snowy Moun tains,' of California. Gold is abundant there, both in quartz voins and placers. In fact, tbo whole torritory is ono mass of mineral wealth. Of its ton counties soven havo already proved their claims to be considered unfailing gold and silver deposits, and it is generally known that somo of tho richest silver mines of tho United States aro to be found in Storey comity. In tbo year 18G2, that county sent a con tribution of 222,622 dols. to ihe Banitary commis sion iu eight massive silver bars, fivo of which weighed ono hundred and eleven pounds each. Quicksilver, lead, and antimony aro here found in great ubundance. Tho Comstoclc mines, in Storey com ty, wero tho first silver mines which attracted attention. Tho principal towns aro Virginia City, having, in November, 1RG3, an estimated popula tion of 10,000, and tlio place of most business in the late territory; Carson City, tho territorial -capital, 2500 inhabitants ; Silver City, in Lyon ? comity, 10U0 inhabitants; Gold Hill, Storey county, 1500 inhabitants ; Washoe City, and Ophir, Washoe county, Star City, and Uuionville, Humboldt county ; and Cenea, Douglas county ; Aurora, Es moralda county, 5000 inhabitants; and Austin, Lundcr county, 2500. The extraordinary richness of thosilver mines in Lander county increased the population thero from 20 in October 18G2 to over G000 in October 1863\. An immense discovery has recently beon made, being nothing less than an extensive basin of tho purest rock salt. ' This basin, five miles square, near the sink of Carson River,' says a gentleman who writes from Virginia City, ' appears once to have been tho bottom of a lake, and tlie salt is found good even on tho surface. A covering of about three inches is loose and indifferent, bat beneath this for a depth of 14 feet, pure rock salt is found as clear as ice, and white ' us driven snow.' Be neath thero is water, which seems to bo filtered through salt for an unknown dopth. The wholo of the 14 foot in thickness does not contain a single streak of any deleterious matter or rubbish, and is ready for quarrying and sending to market. G. ca blocks of tbe puro stuff can be raised the same as if it wero ice or stone ; on exposure, however, it crumbles sufficiently to admit of being closely packed in sacks or waggon boxeB.' Tho principal river of .Nevada, the Humboldt, a mere thread of a river, rises among tho mountains of Utah, and after creeping along westwardly across tho desert in its siuuous course of 300 miles, black and acrid from tho mineral substance with which it is charged, it sinks in a slough in tho sands, near the foot hills of mo »muitu -levaua, us it auuuaonmg ia aisgusc its vain strugglo to reach tho sea. Yet this ghost of a river, from its water, such as it is, and from its grassy margin, a green ribbon winding across the desert, aud from the stunted willows which fringe its banks, lias been, is, and always will be, regarded as a special gift of Providence, for the purposes of emigration and trado across the great desert basin of Utah, east and west. It is tho only route across that basin from tlio Great Salt Lake west to Nevada and California ; for thero is no other by. which a ca ravan can secure tho nocessary water or grass for itB animals or fuel for cooking. The Largest Employer op Laiior.-— Sir Morton Peto, in addressing a mooting at Bristol lately, as one of the liberal candidates for that city, said : — ' There was no ono who had had a largor or more iutimato acquaintance with tbe working classes than ho had had ; and for a period of forty-five years he had been the largeBt employer of labor in this coun try. He had seldom had in his employment less than 30,000 n en at any one time. Qo did not mean to say that that represented tho labor which he em ployed in this country, but it represented tho amount of labor which lie employed in every part of tho world.' The Pulpit and the Aoe. — Tho Chairman (tho Lord Advocate of Scotland) had said in his speech that thoy all moved in routiuo — tho pulpit was too U1UUU uuuuu ujr luumiu. uieiyjuiuu IJldluuuu ou u certain number of generalities, very important no doubt, but they should also address themselves to specialities. If ho wero a proacher ho would preach about amusements, upon health and upon exercise, and everything that wus in tho Bible. And ho. would give Doctors of Divinity a word of advice* — very essential in tho present age — and it was this, that if they did not widen the sphere of tho pulpit, so rb to embrace those things, and all things that dealt with practical morals and practical piety, thoy might depend upon it they would bo put into a cornor, and ho would warn them that the pulpit would not maintain tbat in fluence in the country which it had two kundrod years ago or a hundred years ago. — Professor Blaclde. A Termm.e Fjienciiman. — M. Nadar thus de scribes M. Delessert, ono of his partners and fellow travellers in tho giant balloon ; — Ho has gone round the world ten or twelvo times, has been only five times in California, and six in Australia. . . . He speaks every known lauguuge, perhaps also the Javanese. He has bunted tho bison of the Savan nahs with the Delawares and the O Jib Be Was, tho white bear in Norway, tbo bluo fox in Greenland, and he has lighted his cigar at the last burning lava of the extinct craters of the Himalayas. Vice President of tho Committee of Vigilance of San Francisco, lie lias caused to be hung, or hung him self, ten or twelvo rascals (I think he has kept the rope), and, blending tbo useful with tbo agreeable, lio founded tlie nrst I'rench Hospital in California. Ho makes arms, can ride, can dive, freight ships, draws out commercial agreements, and paints in water colors. He has seen everything, known everything, I'll trouble you fje t'cmlronillej. Lean and dry as Don Quixote, solemn as Cliinga-Kock, sober as Caleb, brave as Guribaldi, impudent as — myself; indefatigable, ingenious, inexhaustible in resource — a universal man, whom ono could not fancy dreaping without his travelling bag at his side and his rillo cn his shoulder — who could have improvised a dinner of three courses on tho last days ef the Bicge of Mnyonce, as he could have invented for you a lettuce-salad in tbo midst of tbe sands of Sahara, a highly-finished type of llobinson Crusoe —past, present and to come. . . , An anecdote. In London, on a holiday, ho was walking, taciturn as usual, in tho public saloons of Cremorne. On a tradden he struck about him with his cane, and the glasses flow about in shivers on every side. Tho attendants, stupified for a momont, got into a ra-*e ; a ring of people, morn and moro threatening, pressed round tho insolent Frenchman who dared thus brutally to attack English property. Crios began which might have been followed by effects. . . , Delessart crossed his arms, defying tho crowd, and in a firm voico and excellent English said, I' I am a Frenchman ' I have seen yonder impious caricatures of my sovereign ; I havo destroyed them, and I am ready to begin again. Tho ana of yon who would not do as much, if he wero to ?sec your Queen thus insulted in our Jurdin Mabille, would be the last of tho cowards !' And tho Eng lish applauded him. DeleBsert went to the counter, paid for the breakage and left tue place. — History of It Qeant. 