TOWN TALK. Late on Friday night or early on Saturday morning last, the town was frightened fro*n its propriety by the rapid rattling of hoofs. People jumped up in their beds, seized pistols and pokers, and prepared to receive cavalry, but the noises died away in the distance, and the alarm subsided, only to be renewed again by siinilar sounds shortly afterwards, which in their turn died away also. The cause of tho unutuil clatter was explained in the morning. The Marengo tea-meetingers had taken advantage o 1 ' the moon, and had returned to their homes in the dead of the night, and by so doing had disturbed the slumbers and agitated the nerves of half the town. We were animated with the most charitable feelings towards the pleasure seekers, and until daylight indulged in " the pleasures of hope" that the kids which they had awakened would cease their squalling is needless to say they didn't.—On Saturday last Main-street was rather enlivened for a while by an impromtu game of football. The ball was rather given to unauthorised intrusions upon private premises. At one time it bounced into the Commercial and unceremoniously dispersed a battallion of old tom; at another, it flew into the Bee-Hive Store, and sent to the right-about a detatchment of salad oil. The street is not much of a place to play in, and we hear there is some intention of formiing a club, and playing the regular game upon the cricket ground.—The weather has rather interfered with the shingling and building operations at the two churches, but they are l&th; now considerably advanced, and tliere is litue doubt they wijl be finished by the end of tl|e first week in August. These churches, the 'Ifclcgraph Office, and the bridge will greatly improve the value of property in that part of tho tpwn. There is an air of permanence, neatness, and finish about them, which is sadly wanting in the generality of the structures in the Main-streets.—Some people are complaining of the epidemic which attacks their dogs. The symptoms are peculiar, and the attacks are fatal. Several dogs have departed this life latterly, and their agonised ends have been generally attributed by their bereaved owners to the agencies of poison. There are plenty of stray yelping curs which might be got rid of with great advantage to the public comfort, but the practise of poisoning is extremely dangerous, and often takes effect in quarters where it was least intended. On Monday last, two fine pigs, worth some seven pounds, suddenly gave up the ghost, and as they both cloared out at the same time, it is highly - probable that they had partaken of a joint feed intended for an obnoxious dog.—Maledictions upon Mr. Smart and his stamps, have during the week been loud, deep, and continuous. The Government have been very precise in their instructions as to the use of adhesive stamps, and have published a table of penalties for our information in case we should transgress them. After a week's delay they have supplied us with stamps, which are retailed as adltesive. They would be extremely useful if they would only stick. It is exceedingly annoying to lose your penny investment and the half of your autograph from every document you may happen to carry. If the gum market is exliausted, wc should recommend the Government to supply pocket glue-pots with every dozen stamps. Badly gummed stamps are really no trifling nuisance. —A flour mill building mania seems to have possessed tho people of the district latterly. Two mills are to be commenced in Young at once, and there have been any . amount of rumours about the intended building of others. The establishment of mills hero will be of great advantage, not only to the town, but to the district at largo. It will afford an inducement to an agricultural population to .Bettlo down upon the land, and will give a steadier and more permanent character to tho business of the place, than can ever be attained by purely mining township. THE WEATHER.—Last week wo were anxiously wishing for rain. This week we have had our wishes gratified, and as a matter of course have grumbled at their fulfilment. Sunday night it rained, Monday it rained, and Tuesday it poured all themorning, and sleeted, drizzlod, and snowed all the afternoon. It was bitterly cold, and the driving sleet and snow imparted a truly wintry aspect to tho appearance of tho country. Wednesday and Thursday were both wot and equally miserable. The streets aro in a deplorable state of slops .and mud, and most townspeople have arrived at the conclusion that wet weather may bo highly advantageous to farmers and miners, but that it may be very well dispensed with within the precincts of the town. The miners have now received a supply of much needed -water, but the ground has been so thoroughly parched by the long continued drought, that if tlie rain does not continue -the surface water will socn bp exhausted. The creek has not yet commenced running, and of course the races are empty. To COBEKSPONDKNTS.—The hitter signed A Licensed Sufferer" is libellous and cannot fee inserted. . BURGLARY.—On Tuesday morning the town was startled with the report of another burglary. The premises selected by the thieves on this occasion were those of Messrs. Duncan & Co., tailors, of Burrowa-street. It seems that on Monday night Mr. Duncan secured his doors and windows, and then left his shop for the night as usual. As no orie sleeps on the premises, and as the night was stormy and wet, the thieves had ample opportunities for effecting their purpose without much chance of detection. They had evidently approached the house from the back. A dog was chained up at the back, and no one could approach the end windows, or enter the narrow passage leading to the side door, without passing him. He was never heard to bark by the neighbours, audit' is supposed that the robbers must have coaxed him into silence by feeding him. Once passed the dog the entrance to the passage was clear, and as the side door was only of pine, and was but slightly secured, .it was easily wrenched open. ALout one liun.dred and fifty pounds worth of cloth was taken away; but as several rolls were left behind it is supposed that the thieves became alarmed, and left the place before they had completed their work. The police are on the alert, but up to the present all efforts to discover either the thieves or the stolen property have proved unavailing. This is tho third time within the last five years that Mr. Duncan's premises have been broken into, and universal sympathy is expressed for his loss. Mr. Duncan informs us that a portion of the cloth that was stolen, was shrunk, and prepared for making up into clothing. He is possessed of samples and patterns of every missing piece, and would be enabled to swear to them if he saw them. Country storekeepers and buskmen should be cautious in purchasing any cloth that may be offered to them. ANOTHER RUNAWAY HOSSE.—Ou Wednesday last the driver of Mr. T. Coupland's spring enrt drew up his turn-out at the Limerick Arms Hotel, at the top of Burrowa-street. He delivered his loading at the house, and was fixing the tail-board, when the horse suddenly bolted, and made for home at a rattling pace. Ho fortunately steered clear of all obstructions until just as he reached the back gates, leading to his stable, when one of the wheels came in contact with a large log, and the cart capsized. Some of the ornamentalisins came to grief, and a little of the ironwork got battered and bent, but the damage to the cart was trilling, and the horse was not hurt at all. It was perhaps as well that he shaped his course through the unfrequented regions at the back of the houses, instead of through the main thoroughfares, where a bolting horse is apt to prove a dangerous visitor. CONSECRATION OF THE MEMORIAL Cntrncn OF ST. JOHN.—We have been given to understand that this church will be consecrated by the Lord Bishop of Goulburii, on the 10th of August next, if the deeds for the land upon which it stands, can be obtained from tho Government before that date. There appears to be a very great difficulty in obtaining the titio daeds of a 113' town lands, within anything like a reasonable time from the Lands Office. We trust that no unnecessary delay will occur in this instance, and that the trustees of the church will receive their deeds long before tho ton ill of next month. It would be a great disappointment if the opening of the church had to be postponed upon this account. We believe the event will be celebrated in great style, ond that a large gathering of the friends of the church is anticipated on the occasion. A great tea festival is to be held, and no efforts wili bo scared to render it a success. A programme of the arrangements was to have been advertised, but it was afterwards deemed unadvisable to adopt this course until the arrival of the de3ds had set all uncertainty upon the laud question at rest. Mil. DAVID BUCHANAN. — Tho Australian Ntil'.o t says it, is rumoured in Bathurst, that Mr. David Buchanan is about to edit a squatting paper at Deniliquin! The Nation certainly ought to be well informed on this matter, but that any squatter could be found demented enough to imagine that the advocacy of David Buchanan could be of any possible benefit to the pastoral interest is utterly inconceivable. The squatting party will be seriously damaged by the support 01 such a questionable ally. We have seen some change transformations in the political world, but none more astonishing tlinn the recent conversion of Mr. Buchanan to the tenets of squattocracy. POUNDS AND POUNDKBEPERS IN THE YOUNG DISTRICT.- f The Young, Murrumburrah, and Marengo pounds were Gazetted "on tho 10th instant, and three days afterwards the Young Bench of magistrates appointed Mr. John Wolfe, poundkeeper at Youug; Mr. Joseph Bass, poundkeeper at Murrumburrah; and Mr. John Deane, poundkeeper at Marengo, tho appointments to date from tlie 10th July. Tho Bench also fixed the pound rates at these places, for care and sustenance. The following is the scale : For horses and cattle, each, per day, Is. 6d.; for sheep, each, per day, one hail-penny ; for goats, each, per day, threepence ; and for pigs, each, per day, one shilling. PLAN OF THE VILLAGE OF 'CUBROWANG.— Tho plan of the village and suburban lauds, at Currowang has been approved' by the Minister for Lands, and is now open for public inspection at tho Court House, Young. If no objections, to the site or plan, are lodged by parties interested, the necessary preliminaries will bo gone through and the land will then be offered for sale in the usual manner. FLOUR MILLS AT YOUNG.—We have been 'ven to understand that Messrs. J. and J. S ayes contemplate the immediate erection of a flour mill in Young. The building, we hear, is to be of brick, three stories high and is to be commenced within the next fortnight. It will bo seen by our. advertising columns that that Mr. P. H. Scott, of Burrowa, has also called for tenders for the building of a mill here. In addition to those two, there are rumours afloat of tho projected establishment of a third, so that,, upon the wholo, Young promises to bo well supplied with grain grinders. EUIIONGILLY.—We have been favoured with tho sight of a private letter, received bv a gentleman in town, from Eurongilly. The writer states that a share in tho Flat Reef had been disposed of for £70, but that he had not then obtained any further particulars. Tho alluvial digging he decribes as " done," and that iB the sum total of his mining intelligence. 