TO THE EDITOR. Sir—It is my internum only slightly to notice the letter o£ Mr. Wright in your paper of this morning. If Mr. Wright desires to be singular he has most admirably succeeded, for I will under take to say that no professional architect or engineer within the bounds of England, Wales, or Scotland will be found to endorse his opinions. That scivenging will bo always necessary, so long as stables auddustbo'.cs are required, nobody has erer denied; but that it would liave any effect iu carrying off' the drainage or exuviae of our towns is something novel to me. I presume Mr. Wright lias, in the course of his practice, put up such a well- known article as a water closet. 1 should like to know how he proposes to use scavenging iu such a case. Does he intend to abolish cesspools f If so I shall feel gieat pleasure in agreeing with him; but in that case no other system than tlrat of our native country will serve his purpose, and all the rest follows. I do not quite understand wiiat it is that Mr. W right proposes. It is very difficult to gather from his letter; but if I might venture to guess, 1 will merely hint that no domestic servant of ordinary susceptibilities would be found to assist in such a system, and that eau de cologue and lavender water would- become absolute necessaries of ex istence to. all Early travellers. I absolutely deny the economy. It has been proved oyer and.over again that proper and efficient sewerage is by a long way the cheapest, as it is the most efficient of all systems. I cong atulate Mr. Wright that lie has so far seen this, as now to advocate drains, nr. as he calls them, "drains uuder the footways for the reception, of surplus water from the watcrtabies." 'Ibis, in fact, involves everything that 1 advocate, for I do not think that the people of Adelaide, whose common sense he so praises, would stop at this. If drains are re quired to carry off' the surface water they had better he a little deeper to carry off the cellar, and spring water; and no power on earth will hinder their being used as sewers either at once or shortly. For the rest of Mr. Wright's letter, I cannot see how it contains any argument against a proper sewerage system. The whole gist of it seems to me directly ill favour of it; and so far as it contains any argument at all it seems to me an essay on the disadvantages of dirt. Mr. Wright says —" Would all the drainage that science can invent cleanse this town? All thinking men know it would not." Unless there is something peculiar about towns at the antipodes, all thinking men who have studied the question know that it wiil. and in this they have ail expe rience iu their favour. I would strongly recom mend Mr. Wright to read the reports of, the London Board of Health, the various discussions reported iu the Transactions of the Society of Civil Engineers, the leading articles and reports pub lished in the Builder and in other professional publications, and I think he will see how wrong and prejudiced he is. He cannot even slightly have studied the subject, since he quite mistakes, the peculiar characteristics of the French system of sewerage which he advocates, and which system, so far from being cheaper, is far more expensive. than the English system, as residents hi Paris well know. . I should like to-be informed who has recom mended the flushing of drains by water to be got from the cellars. I quite agree with Sir. Wright as to its absurdity; but in this case Mr. Wright has laid a ghost of his own raising. Willi respect to the flushing of drains, I have pleasure in noticing a sensible letter from Mr. Murray, of Glen Osmond, in a former number of tiic Register. Were there auy such difficulty as pretended, the plan there advocated would en tirely obviate it. 1 mentioned a somewhat similar arrangement in my essay. Very probably bothmght be combined witiicunsideiable advantage; butwere neither of them adopted, 1 still repeat that so long as 3d gallons of water are allowed to every inhabi tant of Adelaide, au<i which must go through to the drains, so long will a perfect flushing if both house drains and sewers be easy and economical. I beg to say that I have lived in a town where only half that quantity was allowed, aud I always tooiv the liberty of flushing the house drains every: ni-.-ruiiig by simply tuning a tap, and I feel quite assured that every other householder did the same. Even during the long dry season of last summer there was no stint of water for house purposes, only for irrigation—a purpose for which 1 never heard of a City Waterworks being ever used before. This letter has run into much greater length th :u I intended, but it seems to me that even the ABOof the matter has yet to lie learnt by some persons, or two-thinls of it would not have been necessary. I shall shortly have some remarks to make as to the cost of the English sewerage svstem.. 1 am, Sir, &c;, K. G. THOMAS. 