NOMENCLATURE OF THE STREETS OF LIVERPOOL. SOME of the oldest in the town were called after the Castle, Chapel, Church, Cross Hall, Tithe Barn, Exchange, Old Hall, Tower, and other local buildings; Mersey, Strand, and Water streets, Sea Brow, Old and New Quay, from their proximity to the river; Paradise-street, formerly called the Common Shore, is said to have been named after the manufactory of a peculiar kind of so-called sweet; Whitechapel (Frog Lane), Cheapside (Dig Lane), Covent Garden, Drury Lane, Hat- ton Garden, Islington (Folly Lane), Marybone, Vauxhall Road (Pinfold Lane), Pall Mall, Wap- ping, Parliament and Temple-streets appear to be names borrowed from London; Dale-street, from leading to the dale or valley of the pool; Bath-street, from the town baths, on the site of Prince's Dock; Circus and Concert-street, after places of amusement; Cockspur-street, after the old cockpit situated therein; Moorfields was made through the fields so called; the Old and New Haymarket were formerly used for the purpose implied in the names. Park Lane and Road, from leading to Toxteth Park; Goree, after a settlement on the coast of Africa; Redcross-street, from the red cross, called Tarleton's Obelisk, which stood on the south side of St. George's Church; the origin of Moor and Fenwick-streets, Hackin's and Lance- lot's Heys, and Presson's Row, are explained in the extract from the " Moore Rental." Pool Lane is now South Castle-street; Mill-street and White Mill-street, after mills once situated in the vicinity; Shaw's Brow, now William Brown-street, after Alderman Shaw, an ex- tensive potter, who resided at a house still standing at the corner of Dale-street and Fon- tenoy-street; Pothouse Lane, after a pottery in that quarter; Orford-street, after Mr. Black- burne's seat in Cheshire; Bonn's Gardens, after Alderman Bonn, who resided there; King, Queen, Hanover, Brunswick-streets, and others, are offerings to royalty; Rodney, Nelson; Brid- port, and St. Vincent streets are named after celebrated admirals. The former was originally called Schlink-street, after a Gorman who laid it out, but the later inhabitants had sufficient in- fluence to give it a more pleasing name. Duke street and Cumberland-streets are memorials of the Scotch rebellion, called after the royal com- mander of the English forces. Wellington, Wolfe, Beresford, Olive; and Comber- mere-street, after military heroes. Fon- tenoy and Blenheim-streets and Waterloo Road, after national victories; Great Homer, Dryden, Virgil, Juvenal, Milton, and other streets in that neighborhood, were named after those poets by Mr. Rose, who resided in Queen square, and gave his name to Rose-street and place. Maryland and Baltimore streets, so called by Mr. Hunter, an American merchant, the owner of property in Hunter-street and South Hunter-street. Baffin and Greenland streets were named when Liverpool participated in whale-fishing adventures; Leeds and Wigan streets from adjoining the canal to those towns; London and Scotland road explain themselves, and Manchester and Glasgow streets are called after those cities. Fox, Pitt, Canning, and other celebrated statesmen are honored in the titles of those streets ; and the names of the successive members for the borough are perpe- tuated iu Sir Thomas'-buildings, Johnson, Tarle- ton, Canning, Gascoyne, Roscoe, Huskisson, San- don, Cresswell, and Sir Howard streets. Great Howard-street, formerly Milehouse-lane, is called after the celebrated philanthropist; and Rumford street after a soup kitchen established upon Count Rumford's plan, which once stood on the adja- cent land ; Sefton, Harrington, and Stanhope streets, are named after the Molyneux family, and Derby Square and Stanley-street after the Stanley family, upon whose respective lands they were originally laid out. St. Anne's, St. James' streets, and others, from being in the vicinity of the respective churches; School and College lanes, from the Blue; Coat Hospital and the old Grammar School. Bevington Bush, after a much-frequented inn bearing the sign of a natural bush. Boundary-street and Townsend street mark the ancient limits of the town. Mann Island was called after the name of the first resident on that artificially constructed locality. Lime- street was originally Limekiln-lane, and Mount Pleasant, Martindale-hill; Copperas-hill was named after the works of that nature, which were removed as a nuisance in 1770. Brown- low-hill and street after Mr. Lawrence Brown- low, who owned a large extent of land in that direction; Ranelagh-street, after the Public Gar- dens, which flourished on the site of the Adelphi Hotel; Vandries-street, after the keeper of a tavern on the shore, since called Kenworthy's, in Bath-street, Bedford, Bridgewater, Argyle, Grafton, Northumberland, Norfolk, and Port- land streets, after the respective dukes. Nearly all the remaining streets are called after local families who possessed land upon which they were formed, or from the owners of the first house built in the street. Their names are nearly all to be found in thoelist of the mayors of the borough, including Atherton, Rathbone, Cases, Bold, Clayton, Earl, Cleveland, Fazakerly, Harrington streets, and a host of others. Byrom- street, oater Octavius Byrom ; Chorley- street, after the recorder in 1620 ; James-street, after Roger James; Christian-street, after Philip Christian; Colquitt-street, after Mr. Colquitt, who resided in the house now converted into the Royal Institution; Kent-street, after Mr. Kent, who lived at the corner of Duke-street, and gave the names of counties to the adjacent streets ; Richmond-street, after Dr. Sylvester Richmond; Sparling-street, after Mr. Sparling, mayor in 1790, who erected St. Domingo House, at Everton ; Shaw- street, after Mr. Shaw, who resided in Everton village; Leece-street, after the daughter of Captain Leece, who married Mr. Drinkwater; Parker-street, after Parker of Gurdon, who married a Miss Clayton; Ban- astre-street, after Banastre Torsion ; Meadows- street, after a gentleman who had six wives ; Berry-street, after Captain Berry ; Oakes-street, after Captain Oakes; and Lydia Ann-street, after the wife of Mr. Perry, who established Fawcett's foundry.—A Lecture on the Rise and Progress of Liverpool, by James M. Walthew. A WORD ON WIGS.—"The invention; of iwigs'iA writes an old author, " is of so, great use, and saves men so much trouble, that it can never be laid aside. It holps to disguise the thief, to make an ill face tolorable, the toleroblo handsome, to case the lazy of trouble, and to make men their vassals?if woman would but wear them." Time has negatived these au- thoritative opinions. Tho reader docs not need to be informed that periwigs have been long since dispensed with, swept away to the limbo of obsolete and worn-out fashions. Hero and thero, it is true, a peruke still survives, os a sort of specimcu of a raco hastening to extinction, ob a ghost of glory departed for ever. Tho man of fashion laughs it to ! scorn, the doctor knows it not, the divine shrinks from it. The most conservative of bishops now-a-days would no more dream of crowning his poll with a " busby" than of donning a wreath of roset. On the bench and at the bar the wig still prevails, however; lawyers so love and cling to pre- cedent ; the court will givono audiences ; justice is deaf as well as blind to tho counsellor without his wig. In tbe legal tribunal, its last strong- hold, tho wig rules with soverity?small States are ever tho most despotio ; on the bench and at tho bar; yes, on tho coach-box, for, unac- countable fact, coachmen of distinction still wear wigs ; in this unexpected placo outside the carriage the wig still governs, as ono sometimes sees a powor posBosaing small plots of territory inconveniently situate in tho very midst of a neighbor's land.—Once a Week. 