ST. PAUL'S CIIUHCH, CAHISBltOOK. The foundation stone of the above church was laid on Wednesday last by the Archdeacon ol Castiemsine, assisted by the Herds.. J 1) Urcnnan aed G P Dcspard. The Trustees and Church Committee received the Archdcacon in the schooMiousc and accompanied him to tbe ground, when tbe ceremony was commenced by the Archdeacon snd eWrgy in the midst of a considerable numbrr of sprctotors from Carisbrook, Maryborough and otlu-r plseea W A Smith, Eaq., in tbe name of the Trustees requested the Archdeacon to lay tbe corner stone, and forthwith presented him with a trowel. The bottle placed under the stone eonta ned the usual articles, and the following doututut. In the name of tbe Blessed Trinity, tbe Fatber< the Son, and tlie Holy Ghost, the corner atone of this church, I'edmated to St., Paul, was laid by Archibald Crawford, Archdeacon of Castlemai ie, en the fourth day of October, in tbe year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty five. Sir C II Darling, K.C.U. being Governor ol ihe colony, the Right Reverend Charles Perry, Bishop ol the diocese, tha Rev James Deane Breunan, liittimncnt of tbe parish. William Augustus Smith, Allied Heynell, Edmund Whetlcr,Charles Napier,sod James Deatie Hrentun, Trustees. Joseph Sherivin, architect, William Boiler Darin, tbe contractor, On tbe bottle being placed tbe Archdeacon laid tbe stune in tlie name of (be Trinity. A collection was made amounting to upwards ot £11, snd an address of sti impressive character was giv<n by the Archdeacon. Hie Maryborough choir led by Mr Heard sang tbe following hi tun with good effect, the majority of tbe assembly joining them 1 Tuts stone to Thee, in faith we lay- We build the temple. Lord, to thee; Thine eye be open night and day. To guard this house and •anctuary. 2 Here, when thy people seek thy face, And dying sinnens pray to live, H.%r Thou in Heaven, thy d»eHing-place, And, what Hum hearcst, oh 1 forgive; 3 Here, when thy messengers proclaim Tlie blessed gospel of thy Son, still by the power of Hit great n«me Be mighty signs and wonders done, 4 llosanna to their heavenly King, When children's voices ra»e that song, Uosasna let their atueU sing. And heaven aith earth tlujulraio prolong. § But will, indeed, Jehovah deiyn Here to alade, no l assent guest ? llere will the world's tie !ee>ncr rage I And here the Holy Spirit rest ? § That glory never hence depart; Yet choose not. Lord, this tiouse dime : 'I by kingdom come to ev'ry itnut. In ev«y fix thy throne. The tiuildtO),' it A siittted Sn the simple ^otbie style, of a chaste and htauUful cbaraeter. lite cost of the portion about to be erected will smonnt to £9u0 ami will tie completed in aisNtt four months ltom tbe present ilsie AIter tbe t ut-of -door ccfeuioay bad been wm plctc4, the viiitor* repaired to t e f«»tt Ball, where an almndant and i-xci llent <e» had tieen prepared by the ladies uf the roit^negabaa Tlie tabes were tasttfully ilt-c -ra'eil wills flowers, which gave a pleaaitig • ff-xt to the » .jh.»tanor of tbe scene Atom fSOtteiMMi »eie pirteot, and after all hat thnr appetite-, the public tweetiitg was eomnenofi t*y |tr»j*r. After which Mr lieynell read tbe !ru* ev» >U e- ment The Maryborough chm. h ehiar then Httg Dr Grcene'i! antnem " Heboid tlte l>or«l ts liecome my »alvation." Mr Smith then read tlie report of itieChurrb Committer whicii eontaii*td a (iroeral »i»u.i t-nt of the sfi*tr» ol lite church, *fbr obteli tlu: choir again favored the auotener »<tb K nt's antbem "Thine O Lord is tlwttr i mi 11 The Vcucn' h Arclidraomi Cm*i »ril gave a lengthy aud eiodurut addreM >* the »nc«-m Samaritans, and Jftorw»r> gave some i«iere»t ing parttcuUi* about (be ptewut ml-abi a<.t< ol Nablous—the modern Sanmrtini a. Daring his address tbe lev liei.tiemait gave a gratilyiog accnutit of tit- *>e»t progreM the church hsd nude during the pa>t l ine yesrs At tbe conclusion of the a «lr> MI, whicb gtve great pleasure to the an liein-e, the choii sang U A tsnmb't antbini, ' llnw ^ antdul upuu the { Mountains," aemnposition »tiieb is a way* sung with heart in s< by tlie nioger*, mol uwally meets with asufBcient number "1 adnnr. m tu eiisnte ita w irrn reucptKiu tiy (lie audience After a few sppropriite remarks from Dr Siug'etoii, and another antbim hy the choir, C A D Pasco, tsj^ moved a vote of thanks to he Lalies. tor t'n-tr willing and vnluHble »Mstatn« at the teatables. Tbe eumplio ent was, of cout*, received as warmly as it deserted to t«. i Mr Wnasi siH then m«eti • vote ot thsnka' ta the Archdeacon lor bis kiitdoexi in asawling in the ceremony and services of the day. The proceed' of the tes meeting was enough to pay ofl tbe debt on the Parochial Fund (£23), aod the collection and prolines obtained at the laying of the foundation atone, will give about £26 tu ihe Church building fund. The meeting was therefore a auewssfnl one finsnciallv, and euiiuently pleasing to alt ,tbtt joined ia tic jpro«eJit«». \ 