RAILWAY FROM PORT AUGUSTA. We understand that amongst the various objections which Mr. J. T. Bagot met with in England with regard to the Act for facilitating the construction of a railway northward from Port Augusta was one in reference to the gauge required by the conditions of that Act. There were, however, others of more vital im- portance such, for instance, as the objection that the Government ought to guarantee a moderate return for capital invested, instead of expecting the undertaking to be accomplished solely in exchange for grants of land. But with regard to the gauge, an opinion prevails in England that a very narrow line would answer the purpose required. A two feet gauge, for instance, is talked about. On this point we have received a pamphlet, written by Captain H. W. Tyler, R.E., wherein be gives an account of the Festiniog Railway. This line, he says, "was designed to facilitate communication between the principal slate and other quarries in the County of Merioneth and the shipping-places, and for the conveyance of coals and other heavy articles to the quarries and mines. As in 1882, when the Act for its construction was obtained, the population was very limited, the line was laid out in an economical manner, with a width between the rails of 2 feet only. It commenced at Portmadoc, and after passing along the Traeth Mawr embankment, it ascended to the mountain terminus at Dinas, the level of which was 700 feet above the station at Portmadoc, by an avenge gradient of 1 in 92 for 12¼ miles, the total length of the line being 13 miles. The steepest gradient on the portion now used for passengers was 1 in 79.82, and on that traversed by locomotive engines 1 in 60. Some of the curves had radii of 2, 3, and 4 chains. The maximum super-elevation of the outer rail on 2 chain curves was 2½ inches for a speed of 8 miles an hour. The estimated cost of the line was £24,185, but the Parliamentary capital was raised to £50,185." The speed on this line was limited to 6 miles an hour at sharp curves, and 10 miles an hour at other parts of the line. The weight of rail was 30 lbs. to the lineal yard, and the engine used was like that employed by contractors. There were two pairs of wheels, coupled together, and 5 feet apart from centre to centre, the wheels being each 2 feet in diameter. The cylinders, which were outside the framing were 8 inches in diameter, with a length of stroke of 12 inches, and they were only 6 inches above the rails. The maximum working pressure of the steam was 200 lbs. to the square inch. Water was carried in tanks surrounding the boilers, and coal in small four wheeled tenders. The heaviest of these engines weighed seven and a half tons in working order, ind they cost £900 each. They could take up at 10 miles an hour about 50 tons, including the weight of the carriages and trucks, but exclusive of that of the engine and tender. They actually conveyed daily on the up journey on average of 50 tons of goods and 100 passengers, besides parcels. Two hundred and sixty tons of slates were taken down to Portmadoc daily. The engines were well adapted for convenience in starting and in working at slow speeds ; but their short wheel base, and the weight overhanging the trailing wheels, gave then more or leas of a jumping motion when running. Safety-guards, similar in form to snow ploughs, had been added in front of the engines, behind the tenders, and under the platforms of the brake-vans, in con- sequence of their being so near to the rails. The passenger carriages were 6 feet 6 inches high in the middle above the rails, 10 feet long, and 6 feet 3 inches wide. They were on four wheels, 18 inches in diameter, and 4 feet apart from centre to centre of the axles. The use of locomotives on a little line like this is certainly a useful experiment. But on the general question of very narrow gauges— a matter which was fully discussed in Parlia- ment not long ago—it would have to be shown that exceptional cases made them absolutely necessary before they would be readily adopted in this colony. Such a railway constructed northward of Port Augusta would be vastly better than no railway at all. But supposing a Company to find it worth their while to make a line, would it not be worth their while to make it very different from the one we have been describing ? The great difficulty, we imagine, is the uncertainty as. to whether any kind of line would pay, and this is the reason why a guarantee is so important an object. If it could be shown that an alteration of the gauge would cause a railway to be made from Port Augusta which otherwise would remain unmade, the Parliament might well give the question fresh consideration. NORTHERN TERRITORY APPOINTMENTS. — Mr. McKinlay has been engaged by the Government for 12 months to examine the Northern Territory. Mr. Finniss will come to Adelaide to explain his proceedings, and the party will be left in charge of Mr. Manton. Dr. Miller has been appointed surgeon to the expedition. Mr. George Mayo accompanies Mr. McKinlay, who will take with him horses, stock, stores, and other things. This Affray with Natives in the Northern Territory.— We understand that a warrant was issued on Thursday afternoon for the apprehension of Mr. W. P. Auld. for the wilful murder of a native in the Northern Territory. It is understood that this action is the result of the report of the Commission appointed to enquire into the matter, which report has been under the careful considera- tion of the Cabinet since the arrival of the maiL Thk Ihtebcolonial Rifle Match.— 'We under stand that Lieutenant- Colonel Mayo, as arranged by the Committee, had an interview with the Chief Secretary on Thursday, when he renewed a previous application to the Government to defray the tra velling and other expenses of the competitors in the rifle match with New South Wales, which is to take place in September, and that the Chief Secretary agreed to allow the sum of £20 for the purpose. Temfebanck Festival— A grand temperance festival takes place this eveniiag in White's Assembly Rooms, under the distinguished patro nageof His Excellency the Governor^ who it is expected will be present Arrangements have been made for the accommodation of a large number of persons at tea at half- past 5, after which a public meeting will be held, and a lecture de livered by the Rev. William Taylor. During the evening a good choir will perform several pieces of music. South Adstbaliah Bbakch op the Losdox Missionary. Society. —The annual meeting of the above Society was held on Thursday evening in Chalmers Church. Mr. R. A. Tarlton presided, and the meeting was addressed by the Rev. J. P. Sunderland and several other ministers. A report and balance- sheet were read, and interesting in formation given respecting the mission on the island of Iifu. A full report will be found in another column. Consecration Sebvices.— This evening the interesting services connected with the consecra tion of the chancel and extension of the nave of St. Paul's Church, Pulteney-street, will take place at 7 o'clock. Seatholders are reminded thatlhey are required to be in their pews by that hour, as visitors will then be admitted to all vacant seats. The discourse will be delivered by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide Ths Fibs at the Devon Mills —An, inquest into the causes of the fire which took place at the Devon Mills on the morning of Wednesday, August 23. took place at the White Horse Cellars, Port Adelaide, on the morning of the next day, Thursday. A number of witnesses were ex amined, but the Jury were unable to return other than an open verdict. A visit to :the scene of the fire on Thursday afternoon showed that some progress had been made towards removing the quantities of wheat and flour which had not been injured beyond all hope of being serviceable in Borne way or other. There were, however, still to be seen hundreds of bushels of scorched and blackened cereals, and a mass of flour burnt and rendered quite useless. The wreck of machinery half-consumed sacks, and. all the etcetera used in milling were mingled together, consti tuting in all a mass entirely filling up the cellar. Here and there among the ruins were to be seen fires which glowed like furnaces and ?which were devouring everything that remained of a combustible nature. The walls were still stand ing, but it seems pretty clear that it would be a wise course to level them as speedily as possible. We subjoin the following details of the insurances, which have been supplied to us as perfectly accurate:— Imperial- Stock-in-trade, JE2.000; bags, JE400; office furniture, £100; total, £2,500. Nor thern—Buildings, £2,000; machinery, £1,400; engine-house, £200; engine and boiler. £400; total, £4,000. North British and Mercantile.— Stock-in- trade, £500; machinery and fixtures, £500; trade utensils, £500; total, £1,500. Yictoria Theatbe.— There was a very crowded house on Thursday evening, the performance being for the benefit of Mr. Frank Howson and the Misses E. and C. Hon*son. There was a capital programme, including a pretty little ballad opera 'Kate Kearney,' in which several choice Irish melodies were introduced, part of the second act of 'Der FrieschuU,' and the farce 'Nan the Good for Nothing.*' Had the opera been better rehearsed the dialogue would have been more con sistent; but the exquisite rendering of the music, especially by Miss E. Howson, more than atoned for short comings in other respects. Mrs. Greville appeared as the Fairy Filadaune, and played, as usual, most pleasingly; whilst Mr. Grerille was at home in Ned Ryan, a regular 'broth of a boy.' In the course of the opera the Misses Howson got fairly loaded with floral offerings from their admirers, and on the fall of the curtain they were called forward amid a perfect storm of applause. The lively coquettish solo, 'If a youth should meet a maiden,' was given with peat archness by Miss Clelia Howson; but the house was fairly electrified by the style in which Miss E. Howson executed the grand seena, with the recitative, 'Before my eyes beheld him,' and the air, 'Softly sighs the voice of evening,' and the continuation, ' Hope againis awaking.' Mr. F.Howson, as Caspar, in the incantation scene, managed admirably to make it horrible with ver.- luniied appliances. There were h'owever, the goblin echoes and the wild skeleton chase in the air, and threatening sprites, ghosts in white, and Zamiel in red, and a cascade of real fire, so that it was a positive relief to weak nerves when the seventh charmed bullet waa turned out of the mould, and the curtain fell upon the real smoke and the mock diablerie. Mr. F. Howson was loudly called for. He came forward, and when the applause subsided he returned thanks for the favour with which himself- and daughters had been received during their performances in Adelaide. ? He stated also that it -was his intention to return in a few months with additional talent as a candidate for public support. The amusing farce followed, in which Miss Clelia Howson, as Nan the Good for Nothing, carried all before her, and completely established herself as a favourite with Adelaide playgoers. Brickmaking Match.— Thursday evening being the last for receiving entries for the brickmaking match at Hindmarsh, the Secretary to the Asso- ciation attended at the Lady Daly Hotel for that purpose, and reported precisely at 8 o'clock that the following had entered:— John Eckhold. Thos. Ellard, Henry Sanders, James Walkley, A. F. Reeves, Daniel Davis, John Low, William Arthur, William Davis, and T. T. Brown. Several of these took prizes at the last match, and this it is believed will be still more closely contested, as all seem determined to carry off the cup. The value of the four prizes exceeds £20. The principal architects and builders, and others interested in this branch of colonial industry, have been invited to the dinner, to take place at the Lady Daly Hotel after the match. One hundred and twenty sat down last year, and fully that number is expected this. The match will commence precisely at noon on the 6th of September. Criminal &rrnras.-The; Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court ended on Thursday, August 24. L. W. Bertram was convicted of larceny, and sen tenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labour. W. Billing, for stealing a pawn-ticket at Port Adelaide, was ordered to be imprisoned for four calendar months in the Adelaide Gaol; and George Price was acquitted on a charge of false pretences. William Henry was found guilty of stealing a watch-chain at Port Wallaroo, and was sentenced to eight months' imprisonment ; and Thomas Meagber, for stealing a blue guernsey shirt, to four months' imprisonment. Thomas Pick was convicted of stealing a pair of boots at Wallaroo, and sentenced to six calendar months' imprisonment. Three other prisoners pleaded guilty, and were sentenced to imprisonment for their offences. Adelaide POLICE COURT.-- There were several minor cases disposed of on Thursday, but the great interest of the day centred in an application for a warrant to remove Mr. Cooke from a run, a lease of which had been sold to Mr. A. Bell. The case was heard by the Police Magistrate, Mr. H. Mildred, and the Rev. S. L. Harris, and they de- cided that inasmuch as the defendant had a bona fide right to continued possession they had no jurisdiction in the matter. The Rev. Michael Ryan.— Our obituary an- nounces that the Rev. Michael Ryan, Vicar General of the Roman Catholic community here, died on Thursday at Kapunda. Port Adelaide Harbour Improvements.— A special meeting of the Marine Board was held on Thursday for the purpose of taking into considera- tion the desirability of deepening the inner bar. All the members were present, and the President stated that the Treasurer had expressed his inten- tion of writing to England by the next mail, with a view of obtaining the services of a practical civil engineer to examine and report upon the possi bility of deepening the inner bar and the best method of improving the harbour. They had, however, in the office the report and estimate by Mr. J. Abemethy, made in 1858, and that of Mr. G. Abemethy, who had examined the harbour; and they had also the estimate of the Foreman of Works, made in 1862, which was based upon the calculations corrected by the experience of the dredge. A conversation took place as to the desirability of separating the question of the removal of the bar from the general question of improving the harbour, with a view to which the appointment of a Commission had been recom- mended. The Board was unanimous in the opinion that the removal of the bar was desirable. The Secretary then read a copy of a letter addressed to the Treasurer by the Board in April, 1882, from which the following is extracted :— "In reply to a communication from the Treasurer, requesting the Board to report whether, to render fully valuable the harbour improvements already effected out of funds provided by Act 20 of 1854, any further expenditure for deepening the channel of the Port stream should be incurred : where such operations (if any) are necessary, and to what ex tent: what is the estimated cost of those works, and within what;period they could be carried out'— it stated that the Board, having given the subject most careful consideration, are of opinion that the improvements to the outer bar and to the inner har bour can only be available to the fullest extent when the inner bar is effectually deepened. The Board have gone very fully into the calculations on the Bubject, and feel that the removal of the bar would materially improve the navigation of the Port, and enable ships to pass direct to the wharfs, thereby saving a serious expense and lighterage, to which all ships with a draught exceeding Itjfeet are liable. The Board would strongly recommend the removal of the inner bar to the depth of 14 fect|low water, spring tides. To accomplish this it would be necessary to break up and raise about 309,000 tons of crust and silt, the estimated cost of which would amount (at Is. 9J. a ton) to £27,037 10s., the breadth of the channel to be 2-X) feet, extending from the Mutton Cove to the 'second beacon below Snapper Point. The work would occupy about five years. The President mated that Mr. Abernethv'a esti mate was £33,000; but wages were then higher, and from the experience since gained of the work per formed by the dredge he was sure the object might be effected for £30,000. It would be necessary to cut a channel about H miles Iodr by 200 feet wide, to an average depth of 3i feet, in order to give a depth of 14 feet at low water spring tides. A dis cussion ensued, and the President explained by reference to a chart the depth of water oh the bar and the nature of the bottom. He stated that be had been unable to procure in time for that meeting copies of Mr. Abernethy's reports; but if the Board would affirm the desirability of the work being carried out, he would advise the Treasurer to defer communicating with Kn^land until the fol lowing mail, and in the meantime the whole of the information on the subject should be laid before the Board. To this course the Board agreed, and the meeting adjourned. A Squall ra the Nobthebk Tebbitobt.— The following is an extract from a letter from the Northern Territory, dated in April :— ' The squalls during the rainy season are terrific the lightning is incessant and blinding, and the thunder deafen ing, the wind almost strong enough to blow you into the middle of next week, and the rain enough to drown you on the way. A description of one of these squalls will not perhaps be amiss. They first make their appearance in the shape of a dense mass of heavy black clouds rising above the horizon, with electricity dartin? through them and pouring like molten lead into the earth ; next the wind sud denly chops round to the direction from which the squall is rising, then falls s dead calm, end an awful stillness prevails. Then, as the squall advances the low rumbling of thunder follows each flash o'f lightning, getting louder and louder as it nears* you, and you begin to hear the wind (if near the sea) moaning over the water, until the equall reaches you and breaks; then the wind strikes like a mighty hammer, and the lightning becomes dazzling, sometimes completely bunding you for & few seconds, and the crashing and roaring of the thuHder becomes deafening and makes you fancy the heavens are coming down ' holus bolus' on the top of you. The rain now begins to fall, and l&ste; for about half an hour, when the squall gradually passes over, leaving all calm and peaceful as before. 