LITERATURE. WOONOONA. AN AUSTRALIAN TALE OF THE CITY AND THE BUSH. BY F. S. WILSON. (CONTINUKT) FKOM o UH LAST.) CHAPTER X1 THE " BLIND CREEK" " There, as they pass below tho crags Whenco wild figs, rooted 'tween their jags, Slant forth against the sky, : The eagle watching o'er hf« brood, Views with unread wings and angry cry The invaders ofilia solitude." -CIIARLES HARPUR. HE wind swept dismally down the long mountain-spurs, as the young overseer looked from the door of his hut, and speculated on the probable determination of the weather, for up to that hour it evidently halted between two opinions, and hadn't at all decided as to whether it would assume a merry mood or a dull one. Sometimes the sun would gleam out, red and fiery, edging and tipping all the leaves with gold, and blazing on the rough grimy boles of the iron-bark trees ; anon, a misty cloud flying low would scud between the sun and the earth, and its huge heavy shadow trailed wearily over the grass, while a great mass of stormy-looking vapour* hung about the distant mountainrtops to the westward, and remained neutral for the present. It had been raining, off and on, for some days ; but the weather had broken on the previous evening and had remained in a state of doubt up to the present time ; and there, ns the smoke, crawling up the wide chimney of the hut, came rushing clown again as if to get out of the way of the wind, Arthur stood at the door, reflecting on all that had hap- pened since his arrival at Woonoona. The house itself was nor. very far distant, and in the garden before it a trim girlish figure was moving among the now almost flowerless beds, while another was training the 1 lose sprays of a climber over the verandah posts, till the faint tap, tap, of the hammer sounded.over the slopes, and seemed tapping at Arthur's heart for admittance. His reverie was suddenly brought to a full stop by the arrival of the bullock driver, Mr. Larry O'Gallagher, and the old hut keeper from the out-station, Bulgowra, the latter wearing a very elongated face. " Hallo! my man, what brings you over from Bulgowra?" enquired the overseer, " anything wrong ? for this is not ration day." The man shook his head fearfully, but made no reply. "Is it the sheep?" . The hut-keeper nodded. Shure, yer honour, it is about the shape the crathur's come over," volunteered O'Gallagher, by way of explanation, " there's something happened worse nor the shape, and yer see, the crathur's afeard to speak on it. Thrue for you, he allers: was dull at anything but.shmokin' a pipe." «'What is the matter, man ?" cried Gray, almost angrily, have you lost' your tongue ? " - " Jim-the shepherd," groaned the hut-keeper. «. Well, what of him ? " 44 Speared ; clane spitted by thim black nagurs as comed after the shape. Glane'' furthered, but it's a quare thing to me if somebody besides the blacks hasn't had a hand in it," further explained Larry. Is he dead ?" enquired Arthur of the hut-keeper. Not dead, yer honour," returned the man, Dr. Drayton has gone out to Bulgowra, with a couple of the hands, to bring him in to the station. It's no fault o' mine, sir, nor Jim's, but somehow there's bin scarcely a mornin' of this week, but what there's bin a couple or more sheep a missin'." How do you mean ? " demanded the overseer. " Ah ! that's what I couldn't find out," returned the hut keeper, " we've set a watch about the hurdles-sometimes me, sometimes Jim, sometimes both on us, but it ain't no go, though the sheep do, uncommon fast." " Have you seen any tracks about the hurdles ? " asked Arthur musingly. " Plenty o' marks of bare feet, sir." " Thim's the blacks," suggested Larry, in a parenthesis. " But yesterday," continued the hut-keeper, " we came across a boot-print in the mud at the back of the hut; a boot-mark never made by Jim nor me." Which makes me belave some other divilskin is in lague with the natives," interposed Mr. O'Gallagher. " And very good grounds for such a belief," remarked Arthur, ¡ reflectively. " Well, this morning, I hears a knock at the door-mind you Jim and the sheep hadn't come home all night; and I had cooey'd till I was hoarse, and no answer ; and when I opens the door, who should it be but Jim with a spear twenty feet long sticking in his shoulder. Thc natives had come down on him jest as he was a leavin' the flat, and drove off the sheep, so that he'd been crawling to the hut all night long, with the spear trailing after him. He heerd me ' cooeying,' but couldn't answer, though I was down once pretty close to him. 1 chopped the head off the spear and drawed it out, and wrapped him up in the blankets, and corned over for the doctor, and to tell you about the sheep." ? And, having delivered this very long speech, the man shook his head miserably, and looked as if he threw himself upon the mercy of the court. " You had better go down to the men's quarters, as you'll be too tired to accompany us," said Arthur, addressing the man " and you, O'Gallagher, go with him to the huts, and bring up Nyarra and three horses ; this must be followed up at once." Another twenty-minutes'time found the three-Gray, Nyarra, and O'Gallagher, cantering rapidly away from Woonoora, with arms and ammunition sufficient to teach the blacks a very forcible lesson, provided they came across their track. " You are pretty certain as to their whereabouts, Larry ? ". questioned the overseer/ "Pretty well, sir," replied the Irishman, " a couple o'gins brought some fish to the missus yesterday, and I expect thim belong to the rest of the quare lot ; something sthrikes me they're on Coohalli Creek, forninst the upper bend." For a while the party rode on in silence, which was at length broken by Larry, who drew rein and said, '' to cut through here would be our shortest way," pointing up a narrow defile walled in on either side by high frowning precipices, i'rom whence the trees sprang out almost horizontally ; in fact, the mystery was how they managed to get a living at all, on such scanty soil. Here and there vast gaps fractured the craggy sides, and in these, and along the lower edges of the ravine, the vegetation was of a more luxuriant and tropical character ; the main flooring of the gully being an old watei course, now filled with matted leaves, decaying ti ees, and huge boulders, which at far bygone periods had toppled from the cliffs above. These were quite sufficient to render travelling at once toilsome and dangerous, and so Arthur remarked, as he stumbled along the ' blind gully,' with his horsels bridle hanging over his arm. " It is rayther onconvanient, but it's only about a mile long, and we'll save a good eight by it," assented Larry. "There's bin|no water down it yet, not much, anyway. I thought the rain as we've had 'ud av found its way down here afore this ; however, its all the betther for us that it hasn't." " Mus' go right troo, now, else turn back. No use him bin try get him up inside," remaiked the blackfellow, grinning as he. glanced up the sheer wall. "Thruéfór you, there'," Rejoined the Irishman. "No man, barring a Mid, 'ud ever dhrame iv scalin' thim rocks, 'ceptin he was born wid wings and a tail. Why look at it, yer honour ; it's-» - Whatever the opinion may have been, which Mr. O'Gallagher was about to offer, it was cut short by an exclamation from Arthur, whose attention having being directed to the upper line of crags,-was startled by the threatening appearance of* the clouds, which rolled along their verges. Immense volumes of vapour of pitchy darkness, yet tinged with a ghastly sulphurous glare, as if a smouldering fire lay wrapped within them, hung dismally over the gully, and a low, lone croon of a wailing wind came sweeping. down from the upper end, like the despairing cry of one who had tried, yet failed, to make peace between the elements and the earth. There was a sudden silence among the chirping residents of the lateral ravines, and only a few birds who loved to brave the tempest and hurl their defiance in its face, sailed up and down the grim rocks, flapping their white wings, and uttering woeful screams. The storm came on fearfully fast-a crashing peal of thunder hurried down the gorge, and travelled from crevice to crevice as if its echoes would never cease, and a dull, dead shiver ran through the leaves as though they trembled at its voice. A feAV of the clouds threw down large hasty rain-drops> and the travellers drew the horses over the loose stones in one of the short branching gulches which was almost completely blocked up by its luxuriant growth of rank vegetation. The spot, gloomy when the brightest sun shone overhead, now seemed wrapt in the very pall of death.; and the tremendous force of the iain, which now descended in torrents-the shrieking of the wind, and the crash-of thunder, made the scene one of sublime grandeur. ' . For an hour the storm continued, as if it hadn't the slightest idea of giving up ; so the young stockman and his two compan I ions stood in the drenching Avash, of Avaters, trying to quiet their I restive horses who, although their heads Avere enveloped in rugs, quivered and shook at every roll of the tempest. " Well, it can't last for ever, anyways," said Larry, looking as cheerful as the blinding rain would allow. " It looks to me as if it was beginning to think of shaking hands and being friends again." As if to give this assertion a most emphatic denial, a vivid sheet of flame came streaking along the crags, changing the huge trunks of the native-figs into brass, and thowing the fantastic vines which festooned them, into bold relief; » " Who-oa ! you divil," shouted Larry, as the horse, getting the bandage from its eyes, reared and snorted, making frantic .efforts to plunge dowm the defile, the main course of which was even now, a running flood of some considerable depth. Down came, the rain with increased violence, and the hissing roar of its fall was joined by a strange sound, not previously heard among the various noises of the tempest. A low, continuous, droning sound, like the roar of the distant ocean, or like that of a devastating fire in the wild Australian bush, came hurrying down the gully. The depth of water in its bed rapidly increased, and the upper end seemed to have undergone a singular change. "You hear dat?" shouted the .blackfellow, with rolling eyes and chattering teeth, "you bin hear dat? walla walla (water) tumble down troo top o' gully ; him bin down along here pretty soon, by'me by, brus'wood and all.. " Thrue for ye Nyarra, darlint ; there'll be water enough here in ten minutes to wash the colour out iv yer old black carkiss. We'll have to turn tail, yer honour," continued Larry, address- ing Arthur. Off wid you, boys, it's a race for life, and divil take.the hindmost. If your baste gets out iv her depth kape her head down sthrame," he shouted excitedly, as they crashed and plunged in the creek's bed. This was excellent advice, no,doubt, to any one able to follow it ; but as the mare bestridden by Arthur soon lost her footing, she twisted and turned in every imaginable direction, despite his efforts to guide her ; and three minutes had not elapsed before Nyarra disappeared, leaving Arthur and Larry battling with the roaring waves of the still deepening current. Immense logs and great piles of brushwood,-which, had choked the ravine for many previous months, now whirled around them in dangerous proximity, and one of those, just as the gully began to expand towards its outlet, swept Arthur from, his saddle. The mare, jammed between a mass of floating logs, uttered shrieks-of a most unearthly character, as the life was gradually crushed and ground out of her ; as for Arthur, he struck boldly t for a point which jutted out some yards, further down the stream. It came nearer and nearer, but suddenly his energies seemed to I fail -strange wild pictures flashed before his eyes ; old places, and old faces, long since forgotten, seemed peering into his soul; a confused buzzing rang in his ears; a dull lethargy settled on his brain ; and then he clutched at the hand of a man who stood on the point of land before alluded to. ., * This individual had half dragged the drowning man from the I creek, when their eyes met, and Arthur Gray's looked into those of Linley Denisher. , "So," hissed the latter, as he spurned the almost insensible body with his foot, " my time's come, has it ? I though tit would, sooner or later. Why, how white you look ; hardly a look, that, to go courting with ; and yet you are the fellow who dared to step in between me and Kate Ashworth, eh ? You tremble old fellow, with coming out of the water into the wind, so the sooner you go in again the better ; " and the wretch, fearing to con- tinue his hideous jocularity till Arthur's strength returned, ! lifted the- almost passive body in his arms and rolled it into the creek. ' Arthur clutched wildly at the fork of a log sweeping by; there was a loud triumphant laugh from the bank ; a low bub- bling cry from the creek ; and then, both gave place to the dull beat of the rain, and the rushing roar of the waters. ' -* . * * * . * : * * * * The swallows darted in at the window of Arthur's hut, perched restlessly on the smoky rafters fora minute or two, and then daited out again to revel 'in the bright glorious sun- shine, when Arthur recovered from a long death-like swoon, to find himself lying in his own bed, with Mr. Ashworth, Dr. Drayton, Nettleby, and the half-witted Marty gathered around him. "All right, now, old fellow?" said the doctor, kindly. " Narrow escape, though, fortunate thing, this young gentleman, Mr. :-" " Nettleby," supplied that individual. "Ay ! Nettleby happened to be tracking your party, or to- morrow we might have found you half buried in mud, with a limb or two jammed off-most interesting cases these ; country accidents, sir, very ! " and the doctor looked at Mr. Ashworth .with a pleasant professional smile. " Now, now, my dear sir ! " he said, deprecating Arthur's inclination to rise. Don't let me see you out of bed before to- morrow afternoon, or I threaten you with a fortnight's physick- ing. What you require now is rostand quiet. 1 think.'we can go to the house now, and break theilnews to them; What do you say, sir ? . Mr. Ashworth agreed, and left trie hut. Mr. Nettleby having been charged to watch the patient, and see that he remained quiet. .' "How are you now, sir?^'. enquired that personage, as he . dragged one of the rude chairs^ to the bed-side, and sat down ^for á conversation. "A good deal better^ thank you, Nettleby, but terribly weak, I seem to háve just äwakened from some horrible nightmare. But how came you here ? what brought you to Woonoona ? " A bullock dray," responded Mr. Nettleby. And a terrible jolter it were, as if a cove was a bottle of physic, to-be well shook before (and all the time) he was a being took. You see, as the doctor don't want you to talk much, why, I'll talk to you, which won't hurt me, as bein' a person of good 'ealtll and happer tite. Well, fust of all, what fetches me here. I guv myself the discharge from old Foggleton the very day I saw you last, 'cos why? he didn't want me no longer, and nearly knocked a hole in my roof, 'cos I heerd all he was talking on about to Mr. Gray, the merchant. Howsever, all as they was a talkin' on is in the letters from Miss Amy, we'll have them presently. Arter "1 left him one mornin,' as me and Nip was jest finished a swim at 'the Fig,' who does we see but Miss Amy, who --" " But who is this ' Miss Amy' you mention ? " asked Arthur, curiously. " "Young 'oman as was pitched out on the carriage-old curiosity shop, eh?" explained Job. " Ay, ay ! I.recollect now," said Arthur. " Well, then we'll purceed. As I was a saying, Nip and me sees the young 'oman-isn't she a stunner? rather. Drop her 'andkercher. Up goes me and Nip and gives it to her, she gets into a talk about you, calls her father and interduees me, he takes me to a store at the Circular Quay and engages me for this 'dentical place, which I gits to this morning. There wag nobody here as know'd me, of course, when I did come, so I enquired arter you and was told as how you was out in the bush a nuntin' blackfellows ; so I thought as nobody didn't seem to want me, I'd follow you, and meet you coming home. That cove as was here with the doctor and the master a bit ago, he offered to go with me." "Mad Marty you mean? " said Arthur. "That's him," assented Job. " Mad, is he ? well, I thought at the time, as how there was a shingle or two a missin' off his, upper story," andhere Nettleby tapped hisforehead mysteriously. " At any rate away we goes a-horseback, with a a blackfellow to show us the way, and.« we jest gets as far as the gully, when down comes the rain. We gets under a rock, and after a while the water comes pouring through the gully like-like anythink ; and what should we see but a cove with his arm jammed in the fork of a log, a rolling over and over, and when we pulls him out, who should it be but you. That's all, 'ceptin, as here's the letters from Miss Amy, that is, if you 're well enough to read them." "I shall soon put that beyond doubt," responded Arthur,, propping himself up with the pillows, and breaking the seal of the parcel. " In the meantime, Nettleby," he said, grasping the boy's hand in his own. "I need,not frame in set words the thanks I feel, so sincerely within, for to Providence and you j owe whatever portion of liferemains tome, whether long or short." "O, that's nuthink," returned Mr. Nettleby ; who, by way of changing the conversation, added, " You ain't got a tea-pot, have you?" - ; " There's a * billy ' hanging in the corner," said Arthur, smiling, " and you'll find the tea and sugar in that box, yonder; there's some cold beef and damper there, as well. Have you got them? " " All right," responded Job, as he filled the. 'billy'- and set it over the crackling logs, while Nip, at the mention Of the eatables, crawled from under the bed and wagged, his fragmentary tail,, as a sort of thanksgiving for what he expected to get. The smoking beverage was soon ready ; and, withal, did not present a very inviting appearance, being of that particular order, jocularly termed 'posts and rails?'; but it went down very well with Nettleby, who, to use his own expression, " was'nt no ways pertickler," a remarkable good quality for the bush. Arthur read and re-read his letters with unfeigned pleasure -the revelation of his relationship to Go wi and Gray ami his daughter Amy filled the reader with astonishment ; and the surprise was only exceeded by the delight with which he pored over the loving words of his gentle cousin, a delight which only those can feel who having travelled the world as a wilderness, finding there is still " some one to care for them-something to love." . é However, the long shadows grew longer, and the wind came plaintively moaning up the flat, as the night-mists began to steal from the gullies like timid ghosts. So the logs were re- arranged, and the weary stockman dozed off to sleep ; while Néttleby extemporized a bed with the assistance of a 'possum rug ; commencing at one end, and rolling over and over, until he nearly rolled into the fire. He wished Arthur good night with the addenda that Miss Amy was a nice girl, and mithin' but it ;" and failing to receive any reply from the sleeper, he addressed a " good night " to Nip with the reflection that the country air gave you a "jolly good nappertite, and all a cove wanted was plenty to eat." 