CHARACTER. (2-Ve»i the Saturday Review.) U.vji of the common tonns observable in the well worn sentences which supply the raw material of advertisements of novels refers to the author's masterly delineation of character. When the critic wishes to be somewhat more profound, he generally adds, as a compliment, that the characters are not so much described in set terms as allowed to exhibit themselves in action. However much at random such criticisms may be put forth in particular cases, they certainly have some reference to a sound canen of criticism. A deliberate analysis of character is liable to pnlpable objections. It is always rash to proclaim how your pudding will turn out before it has been proved in the eating ; for perhaps some of the ingre- dients upon which you most insist may entirely evaporate in the process of coolong. Again, such descriptions are apt to give an opening to the great bane of novels-the attempt to deduce a moral from the story*. When an author introduces himself in his own person to say that his hero possessed such and such virtues, he is but one step from the impertinence of adding that his career illustrates certain great moral lesson?. The facts which prove that Sabbath-breakers will be drowned always begin by asserting that the victim was a had little boy ; if they allowed his actions to speak for him, they would find it much harder to establish their point. There is, therefore, some reason for the prejudice which exists against the once fashionable plan of giving n list of your hero's qualities, followed by an inventory of his features. At best, it looks sus- piciously like an attempt to shirk the labour of dis- play ing them in action. It is, of course, easier to say that John Smith was an honest man than to construct a story to show off his honesty. And yet we suspect that it is rather.the difficulty than the inartistic effect of drawing such portraits in language which deteis most writers from attempting them. Few feats of composition are more pleasing, when success full}- performed, than the brilliant sketches' of character struck out by some of the great masters of composition. The art of compressing a likeness into a few sentences, so as to give all the main outlines and at the same time to preserve all the minuter delicacies of shading, is doubtless hard to acquire. No passages, however, are morelilcely to pass into classical quota- tions than those in which such miniatures occur. Such, for example, are the characters of Hampden in Clarendon, or of Shaftesbury in Dryden, or of Addison in Pope, or of Charles Towns- hend in Burke's celebrated speech, and some ol' the exquisitely finished portraits in Goldsmith's " Retaliation." Like the happy aphorisms into which pages ol' wisdom are sometimes compressed, they give you the concentrated essence of whole volumes of biography. Historical portraits have, of course, the merit that they imply a judgment formed upon a number of scattered facts, and are not drawn, like those of mere imagination, in order that the facts may be moulded in accordance with the theory. If, however, nn imaginative writer were to conceive a description equal to any of those we have mentioned, and weie afterwards to make his Frankenstein act as he ought to act, we should feel grateful to him for having summed up his conception in words. Such a description would give us n greater insight than we generally possess into his design. It would, for example, be very unreasonable to com- plain^ that Hamlet's humour and melancholy and in- decision nie only to be inferred from his actions, and that Shakspeaie' lins given us no explicit theory of the qualities ot which they were the outward manifesta- tions. If, however, Shakspeare were to begin rapping on one of our tables, there are few points on which we should be more anxious to question him. He would of necessity make some very interesting additions and correction« to our knowledge. Shakspearean critics, indeed, who resemble their Biblical brethren in more points than one, are always confident that their own interpretation is not only the right one, but that it is so obvious as to require some moral obliquity to mist) it. From the wide divergence in their results vvc can only infer that several solutions are equally compatible with all the conditions of the problem. Thus it is possible to account for Hamlet's eccentrici- ties by more than one theory as te his sanity. The fact that each critical sect denounces the stupidity of its rivals as energetically as if they differed about the meaning of a text in the Romans, shows to profane outsiders that, in this case at least, all sides may be equally right. Every one of Hamlet's actions may be explicable upon several hypotheses ; the only ques- tion is, and it is a very interesting one, which hypo- thesis was present in Shakespeare's mind at the time of composition. If he had cleared up this point by a distinct summary of Hamlet's character, he would in- cidentally have thrown light upon many other topics. We doubtless know Hamlet better than we know almost any other fictitious character, notwith- standing the difference of opinion on such an important matter as his sanity. But there are a goocl many points on which we are in complete darkness. Hamlet, for example, showed a singular want of deci- sion of character ; but it is difficult to say how far this infirmity may have penetrated his mental con- stitution. It generally rather unhinges a man's mind when his father's ghost requests him to kill his uncle. Supposing that Hamlet had been placed in circum- stances where there was less room for speculation and more immediate demand for action, would he have shown an equal hesitation ? If, for example, he had been President of the United States, would he have put aside his philosophy for a time till he had fought the South, or would he have decided that there was a great deal to be said on both sides, and have allowed his course to be determined by accident ? We imagine that it would be possible to make out some case in favour of either hypothesis. Though he was a long time in yielding to the ghost's entreaties, they would hardly be producible evidence in a court of justice, and he took a tolerably decided course towards his uncle when it became at lost necessary. Without discussing such an infinite question, we will only remark that the possibility of its being discussed shows that a character can, after all, be very imper- fectly developed in action. There are whole sides even of Hamlet's character of which candid critics confess themselves in ignorance ; within the limits of a play it is impossible to show off all a man's peculiarities, or even all his most important peculiarities. When we take characters drawn with less consummate skill, we generally feel that we have made little more acquaint- ance with them than we make in an afternoon with the beasts at the Zoological Gardens. We have only seen them in two or three pet attitudes, and can make no guess at their habits when at large. It is true that a systematic description from within may not do much more than a mere external repre- sentation. The lists of faculties and passions of which a hero is made up are always defective, and sometimes contradictory. We have not yet attained the art of describing a man as an engineer describes a machine, so as to leave out no important spring or pulley. If phrenology had not broken down, we might have described a man by measuring the deve- lopment of tho bumps on his skull, with a certainty ol omitting no important quality. We should have had to fill up a schedule much as we used formerly to fill up passports, with the length of a man's nose, the colour- of his hair, . and his -various personal pecu- liarities. We should have had a formula for the hero of a story, just as we have now for a chemical combination, although there would be perhaps addi- tional perplexity in making him act up to his charac- ter. How far we still remain from this desirable con- summation may be inferred from the Johnsonian platitude about genius being great general power directed to a particular end, and from Mr. Carlyle's' favourite doctrine that heroes in every department are made out of the same stuff. Both writer« appear to imagine that the mind is a simple machine, like a , gun, which only wants to be loaded with powder , enough; if pointed in one direction, it will beat all i the world in poetry, and if in another, in science or in strategy. Mr. Carlyle regrets the extreme blindness of elie English nation in nr t making Burns Prime Minister because he could write admirable Scotch songs. - The connexion of this theory with Mr. Carlyle's other theories is indeed obvious. He always speaks of mankind as divided into the huge mass who wander in complete mental dark- ness, taking all kinds of shams and phantasms for realities, and the few heroes who see things as they are by means of an insight into the eternal veracities. Ile thus produces a Rembrandt-like effect of a few brilliant points of light, standing out from a back- ground of misty monotony ; and, as in Rembrandt's pictures, the distinction of colour is almost lost in the strong contrast between light and shade. Although the suboi díñate figures are drawn with great spirit, they arc all kept down to bring out the prominent heroes more decisively. There are scarcely any of those half-tones in which the contrast of mere, colouring tells most elccisively. The con- sequence is that Mr. Carlyle's heroes, whether poets, prophets, kings, or soldiers, have an overpowering likeness ; they are all as white as paint can make them. The distinction between the children of light and the children of darkness is so important that it swallows up every other ; and mankind might be all arranged along one scale, according to the amount of light which each happens to possess. There is, no doubt, a certain truth in this theory which helps to make it plausible. The faculties of the mind have not been accurately discriminated from ench other, and they do not corre i spond to the different employments of life. There is not one special faculty enabling a lawyer to plead, and another enabling a clergyman to preach, like the instincts of beavers or spiders ; there are powers of minds which are useful, though in very different degrees, in each of these em- ployments, and which, if strongly developed, may so far tit a man for eminence in either. Nor, again, has the mind been so accurotely observed that we can speak of its different faculties as confidently as of the bodily organs. Shakspeare invented the mind's eye, but no one has yet talked about the mind's leg or the mind's arm, or^ indeed, mapped out its powers with any appioach to accuracy or completeness. Hence it is impossible to make any distinct appropriation of the intellectual faculties to the duties for which they are best adapted. It still lies entirely within the pro- vince of quackery to look at a boy's head and say that its coiifiguiation qualifies him to be an engineer or a missionary, and qualifies him for nothing else. Something of the same kind is true of mere physical excellences. A man who is a good cricketer, or a good oar, or a good boxer, is, as a rule, good for any I other athletic sport. A quick eye, a deep chest, and well-made limbs are useful in nearly all employ- ments. At the same time, it is equally true that almost every athlete is best adapted for some one par- ticular colling. "Very great muscular development generally implies a certain slowness, and fits a man for lifting weights, whilst it makes him worse at any trial of activity. If a runner is well built in certain respects, any extra muscle elsewhere merely gives him so much dead weight to carry. It would be simply impossible to discover a form combining the merits of an Apollo and a Hercules. The highest eminence in any trial of athletic skill is thus gene- rally due to qualities which would disqualify a man for ' excellence of another kind. The champion wrestler could no more be the "champion "mile runner than Sir Isaac Newton could have written " Paradise Lost." It would thus appear that to describe character with any accuracy will require a great advance in psychology. We must wait till an intellectual anatomy has revealed to us the purpose and mutual lelations of our faculties. - Mr. Bain has attempted to lay down in one of his works a general programme of the task to be accomplished ; he has show with great ingenuity how characters may be classified in some scientific order. Whenever the researches which he has begun shall be thoroughly carried out, novelists will be able to point to the genus and species of their characteis as accurately as botanists now describe plants. A few formula;, capable of almost mathe- matical precision, will supersede all elaborate descrip- tions ; though the difficulty of working your hero when you composed him will probably be rather in- creased than diminished. But when science begins to invade the province of romance, many unpleasant results may be expected to occur. 