THE HEWS BY THE MATT, Tie Nortliain. with tie English Mai's for June, arrived at tie Heads at half- past eight o'clock on Saturday morning, and the G eelong, Ballarat,and Western District portion of the mails were delivered at the Geelong Post Office at 12 o'clock. We append extracts from our files of papers : DOMESTIC; | A. shocking suicide has taken place in a first-class carriage of a train proceeding from Victoria Station to the Crystal Palace. As the train was passing through the tunnel close to the station a lady and gentleman, seated In a first-class carriage, were startled by hearing a report as of a fog- signal, and on the train emerging to the light they discovered that a respectably-dressed young man, who hap pened to "be in the same compartment with them, had shot himself, and was quite dead. The deceased has been identified. " Ho was a grocer, aged 21. The cause of the suicide is sta'ed to be the failure of a project to open a. grocer's shop in High-street, Whitec'napel, oil tho realisiation of which he was to have mar ried a young woman re-iding at New cross. Owing to the falling through of his basmess scheme tbe marriage (lid not come off, and the double disappointment; induced hint, to destroy his life as stated above. He left in his pocket a note requesting that his body m:ght be taken to the New-cross Station. . The Rev A. D. "Wagner was .brutally, assaulted on Sunday evening, May 28th, at Brighton, as he was leaving his church. Two sweeps, who required to know what he" had done with Constance Kent's money, set upon him, and beat him severely. Sir Thomas Leonard, who wa3 passirg, interfered; and ho also was grossly maltreated, bis* cheek being laid open. Tfie two fellows; with a third who had endeavored to rescue th'm, were brought up on the next day at the Brighton Police court. Mr "Wagner pleaded that they might be bound over simply to keep the peace. The inagist-ates; however, declined to accedo to this, and two of the fellows were sentenced; to two months' imprisonment,' whila the "third was; fined CI, qr a montlifs imprisrnment. All three!prisoners were conveyed to jail" A Fenian has been arrested in Liverpool on the. charge of robbery. On his person the following oath was found I now, in the presence of Almighty God, solemnly swea^ allegiance to the Irish Republic now virtually established, to take' up arm3 in its defence at a moment's notice ; and that I will, to the best of my power, <!efentl its territory and independence; and will impl cltly obey the commands of my superior officer. So help me God," Mr Amos Marcicr, second mate and sole I survivor of the Echooner Leader, which left Montreal- on the 22nd of November, 1864; for. St. John's, reached Liverpool recently by the Moravian, from New. York, and told a horrible story of the loss of the schooner. On the 9th-of December she met with bad weather, and on the next day she was wnehed upon some breakers MareterJ and another inati' named Mercer, were'able to. reach the shofo at Well Cover,'near the Bay of Islands; -a third, --Wille't; was lying , on the . wrerjk,, unable to. move, with bis back and thighs broken;.and the'capt-in and all. the rest qf : the crew were drowned or killed by thelglK _ ing of , tbe rigging, struck down by the violence ..pf the Bioinv. 4't?r eic^bt weeks p£ endmnuce. .WUlctt wa3 frozen to death on.ihedcckof.tbe wreck. They had been quite unable to move him, but had fed bim from time to time. On the 2Sch of January Mercer died. His leg from this time was frozen fast.: On the 2lst of March Marcier was rescued by llic schooner Lilly Bale. On cutting off his Blockings four of :the toes of his right foot dropped off in consequence of the frost. A frightful colliery accident has happened in one of the p'ts belonging to the Tredegar. Company. An explosion of fire damp killed in an instant 27 men. Thero were 200 poor fellows in the pit at the time, and they were with difficulty got out. , The Derby did not pass off without some lamentable accidents. Oil the morning of that tiny, Mr Leggat, engineer, of Caledonian-road, Islington, in company with two neighbours, set out in a dogcart for Ep?om; to witness the race for the Derby. They were proceeding, towards Kennington,' when the horse became* unmanageable, and went off at a terrific" pace, the dogcart coming in violent collision; with a heavily-laden van, the force of which hurled the.three gentlemen a considerable distance They were taken in an insensible state to the hospital, where Mr Leggatt expired. . The other two remain in; a precarious state.—A i pleasure van, filled with parsons of both sexes, I while crossing Wandsworth Common on the way to.Epsom, was discovered to be on fire, j through, some of the smokers having dropped their lighted tobacco amongst the loose straw I spread at the bottom of the vehicle, which j blazed up and set some of the females' apparel j on (fire, and one or two were severely burnt. The flames communicated with the curtains round the sides and the awning, and no water being at hand the van was rendered'a com plete wreck.—On the return from Epsom, in < consequence of the nckles3 driving that pre vailed, and the insane tricks which many of those who go fcoEpsom once a year think it right to play, two fatal and several most serious accidents occurred. On the Derby-day a hoax was played on the crowds assembled in the Glasgow Ex change waiting the result of the Derby. A sheet, .in imitation" of the usual telegraphic -announcement.*..was'.posted,up,- bearing the words, <( King Charming, 1 ; a*~dead'lieat be tween Brebdalbine and Ghdiateur for Second place/" This^occasioried the. utmost Bur prise, King Charming being almost unrecognised in the betting list; and in sundry quarters, os a matter "of course, the result was not a little consternation. • . A msn named Samuel Hudson died of hydrophobia at Sheffield a few clays ago. The secretary to the London Hospital says that in 23 years more than 2000 cases from the bites from dogs. have been brought to that hospital alone. The ; correspondent of a "Wiltshire paper stales that a hoopoe has just been shot near Swanage, in Dorset; that an osprey has been , seen in that neighborhood for several days; and that a pair of peregrine falcons are now breeding on a solitary rock on the Swanage coast. The Hon Richard Bethell, the eldest son of the Lord Chanc-llor, who was recently proclaimed an outlaw/' and whose pecuniary .difficultifs Hie well known, was arrested by one'dftbe sheriff's officers for Berks, .while .recently enjoying the sport on the Aecot racecourse. The hon. gentleman was takm on a writ issued at the suit of a London creditor, and was soon afterwards conveyed to Reading, and lodged in the eonnfv hnnKft nf The ship Wagoola, rectntly arrived at the London Docks from Hobart Town, has brought, in addition to her ordinary cargo, the complete skeleton of a sperm whale, about 60 feet in length. The present sprcimen was taken last year off the south coast of Tasmania, and prepared by Mr W. L. Crowther.M. R.C S. being intended as a present to the museum of the Royal College of Surgeons of England. A most distressing accident has occurred at Morecambe Bay. Three gentlemen, brothers, returning from Hest Bank, across the sands, were overtaken by the tide, and' two of them were drowned before assistance could be ren dered. A farmer from the shore had shouted to them to reniain where they were until he came to them, but it is supposed they had mistaken his directions, and the sad loss of life followed. They belonged to Tyldesley, and one of them bed taken his degree at Cambridge a few days before. . A dreadful fatality took place on one of the Bernese Alp3 the other morning. Mrs Ar buthnot, a daughter of Lord Rivers, and a niece of Lord Granville, was struck dead by lightning. Her husband had left her for a few minutes to complete the ascent of the mountain, when a thunderstorm suddenly burst forth, and on his immediately returning to the spot where he had left hi3 young bride, he "found her quite dead. "What deepens the tragedy is the" fact : that they were on thtir marriage tour. . , An extraordinary trial—Howes v Barber— has just terminated in the Court of Common Pleas. It was an action to recover damages for slander, brought by a clergyman of the Church of England, incumbent of Bracknell, in Berks. The words complained of imputed to the plaintiff the crime of adultery, said To have been committed with a lady named Beechy, a Sunday-school teacher, in a coppice on the land of the defendant. The plaintiff denied most strenuously the accusation, and it was proved by two medical men that Miss Beechy is at thi3 moment virgo intacta. Some further evidence was given to support the plea of justification. Frederick Charlton, a gamekeeper, proved that on the 3rd of Ho-' vember he saw tbem in a ditch. The plaintiff had hi3 arm round Miss Beechy's waist, and he kissed her twenty times. When the" jury had retired and been absent about two hours they sent a communication to the Lord Chief Justice about which he had a consultation with the learned counsel, but expressed a hope that what the jury had stated would be kept secret—Aftrr some further delay his lordship sent a message in writing to the counsel in the case.—Mr. Coleridge, for the plaintiff, subsequently said that he had agreed that the jury should, be discharged up' n the terms which had been suggested by his lordship. They were accord ingly discharged, and it was understood there, would be a stay of proceedings and no further action. The terms of the arrangement, how ever, were'not made public. : An .extraordinary flight of. two manu facturers has been just reported. Two bro thers who for many years have been .carrying on a large business as woollen manufacturers in Gomereal, near Dow-bury, have suddenly disappeared. The-firm is lliat of Messrs (i. and J. Blackburn, whose mercantile opera tions have botn principally with the home Government. On June 22 one of the brothers, took his departure for Dublin, havinn.: said a . desire to .see the Exhibition. The other partner; started next day to ^oiu his brother ; for he, too, Bhou'd like to "have a peep at the Dublin Exhibition." - By and by unfavoraDle tumours were circulated,"arici a person was sent to Ireland, who traced the fugitives from Dublin to Queenetown. from which port he ascertained they had embarked for, America. Strangely enough, a day or two before they went away tiny deposited a con siderable sum of money in the bank, "and left sufficient cash to pay the wages of the hun dred operatives in their "employ. It is believed tbey have tak*11 with them several thousands of pounds, and a few\we»ks ago'/they trans mitted to the United States about 40 bale3 of goods, as they staled, for a purchaser., The mills have been running all the week aa if nothing had "happened, but of course under the surveillance of the creditors. It is said that bills, representing from L20.000 to L3Q 000, are running, and the total liabilities are esti mated at. upwards of L60,000. The assets will, it is feared, amount to vety little. A Sotncrsal ngerchnnt will suffer to the amount of 1.5000, and L13 000 are owing to three Leeds creditors. 'It is now stated that no applicition has been made—nor, it is said, is any intended.; to be made—at lilt instanco either of tho prose- * cutien or the defence to. remove the tigaj of Consta-ce Kk-nt from Silisburv. The learned1 counsel who defended the prisoner in July, -I860, wl^en she was charged upo v the inform ation of Inspector W hicher, of the metropoli tan detective force; has. been ■ retiined for the; defence at the forthcoming trial, which will take place in August c.r September. ■ Dr Colenzo, Bishop of Katol; is d-sirous to return to his "dincese. But; in spite of she decision of the Privy Council, he cannot get his salary paid to him. So a large subscrip tion is being raised for him, and. it.has some. very good nam IB and some generous gifts in it. Mr Waterlog, the naturalist, has gone at an i advanced age. .Years ago he made a great sensa'ion by Ins " Wanderings," a work to which he prefixed the portrait of an ape, so j strangr-Iy human as to -be ioeultiug to some, who declared that no such creature could exist: ho proved it, however. And he had also a marvellous tale about a crocodile, whose tail he somehow managed to secure, and then he rode upon the terrible courser; POLITICAL. The Post observes—" A paragraph has re cently appeared in a contemporary announcing Lord Palmers on's approaching retirement fr.im.publ'c life. This statement, which in so n? quarters may have found credencp, is totully deve-'d of foundation, and we trust that the d;y Ta far distant when such aa an ncuncemei.t will be necessary. The TfniM aays it is calcu'ated tha{ the1 nccessary.business o£ the country may now bo finished in less than four wock3, and the 10th of July will probably be the day when the session will be brought to an.ench . Tbe Conservatives, says a-writer of political gossip, mean to make a'desperate'effort to gain a majority ijtn the ;.nsst Parliament Every city, borough, and ..county, wherever Conservatism han the ghost of a chancy is to b? contested. Tne time income, they feel, when they must win thofpnzept office or give up all hope of it for years - to come, and no labour nor money -will ba.spired;,to gain their object. Bat it is cohfilchtlylisserted by the Government election, agen«s that the. nest Parliament will Jbe very much " like this, and if any change takes place it - will be in favour of the Government. - It iB not improbable, however^ that CoV;servatiBm will gain somewhat. The Conservative agents are more active thin those of the; Government, and mom experienced. Moreover, it is ob servable fhat in few cases do Conservarives fi^bt Conservatives;/ wheieas,; " for three Liberal candidates to try for two seats is a vory c >mtnon occurrence. But compact as the Conservatives seem to be, they are not really so ■ An Opposition has hut one object—to defeat the Government—and always .seem to be united, and is united to gain ibat object; but, that object gained, it not. unfrequemly happens that the-party becomes disorganised. The Conservative party very soon sho wed signs of splitting in 1858. The Government was pledged to bring forward a reform bill" It proposed a reform bill, and two of its most important members, Mr Walpole and Mr Henley, seceded, and took their places below the gangway. The country cinnot be governed upon strictly Conservative, prin ciples. The Conservative party cariuot " go vern1 it upon liberal principles The word Conservative is a very expansive word; it can , be made to cover widely different principl e Lord,Stanley ca'Is himself a Coiservative, and bo does Mr George Beniinck, and Lord Robert Cecil. .But, really, Lord Slant y and thrse two gentlemen are wide as tbe poles asunder."; I ' r The papers relating to the conferences which -have taken place betw.een her Majesty's,Go :vernmrnt and . the v. Canadian: delegates- have' been published. Briefly stated, the resalts of those negotiations are that the Government approve of the Confederation scheme, and will give every assistance in carrying it out; and that the Government will recommend the guarantee of a loan for the carrying out by Canada of the fortifications recommended by Colonel Jerrois. - The friends of Mr Cobden 'in.Maccjestfr; and its ueigbourhood have subscribed liberally towards hia family. Within a radius.of 12 miles a sum of L20,000 has been subscribed, and money for four 6tatuo3. Mtb Cobden has declined a pension of L15G0 per annual offered by.the Government, in acknowledgment of : the eminent services of her deceased husband. The family of Mr Cobden • aTe understood to be , left in comfortable pecuniary ci e im stance. v >... v-; ■ .->■" ■ ■ •'' - l)r Ball, Q C . will be the Liberal-Conser vative candidate for the" Dublin University, in opposition to Mr Lefroy. He grounds his claim to election on the necessity of having an ecclesiastical lawyer in . Parliament capable of looking; after the '.interests of the Irish Church'. ' 