' Peeping Tom' on Turf Topics:; ' J;earBkll,— The programme of the V. R. C. Spring Races and Champion Day has cor tainiji*7ii,xil;ared in good time, .and' I think it will have tho effect of inducing many owners of racehorses' to try their fortunb not only on the great Champion Day, Hut to gather a' few of the ijreliminary crumbs to bo picked lip m tho Bpring from amongst the many weight for age races and handicaps given in one of tho best and most liberal programmes' that Jias Vjbeen. issued ' in tho -colonies. .JLho addition.to.tho ;Melbourne Cup of a pieco of plate (and a very handsome piece it is, too, to be seen in tho window of Mr. Walsh ;tho. jeweller'/ in Collins street), . is a grand idea, and I hopo will go to adorn: the; flidd board of one of tho many gentlemen who ?have lately joined tho turf as an inceritivo to, them to go on' and' prosper. Thoro aro two ptherpieces-of plate topjegivenas well— theCo-' nnthian Cup and Queen's Plate, and, \vith tlio added.money, ono well worth contendinit for. :. . . ' '.'..?? ,. ? *» I hear Mr., Bagot has got, instructions to proceed witli tho .alterations and improve ments suggested by mo last ' year iu yoiir columns ; and, there is no' doubt tho fertile' imaginations of . our worthy, secretary will carry them out to. .tho greatest advantage. The carnage paddock ^yill now be where tlio saddling paddock is, and vice vena, only the present carriage ' paddock will. bo greatly enlarged,, including _ horso-Btalls covered iu ?and. the, weighing. and jockey room. This' will bo (a vast convenience for the owners of horses, and enable the .preliminaries to a race, ; and tho weighing in afterwards . to be dorte' without bustle: and 'confusion.' The -great advantage gained by this change is, however, in haying tho saddling .paddock beyond tho judges box, as many horses, especially young ones, are apt to bolt towards tlio place out 0] which they have come to race, and also the uimjf »uu uumpnrauveiy quiet access along tho river to tho eiitraiico for tho racehorses, many of -whom through excitemont ; and somo throiiEh fear, in coming through the crowd with banners flying, music,. and other sounds, get so bewildered as to render them almost unfit to race. . I hopo Mr. Bagot wont forget, amongst his other , improve- ments, to havo tho posts ot the course put in at an angle of twenty-fivo degrees inwards, so. as to. prevent tho many . accidents that often happen by tho jockeys coming into con tact with them. .'.,..., ' . .' Tli0 -Adelaide Ciip.'to bo run for on the 20th AP™-. ;-? engrossing the attention of our racing men; arid the public, so far as bet ting goes, seomto fancy the Sydney crack, Tarragon, as the, winner. Tarragon is now six years old,' and was-always a great horse under heavy weights. I find in September, .1863,; at, Randwick, then five years old ho carried Ost Clb second to Pasha, G yrs, 8st 21b, three miles in5min. 55 sec; won by a neck;' alao ran: two miles with Ost 71b second to Regno, .4, yrs, 8st 71b; Kildare, 5 yrs, 7st 71b, tliircl, in 3 min. 40 secV Rogno winning easy; and in May, 18G4,' Tarragon, 5; yrs, carried lOst, two 'miles, beating Kyogle by a head, 5 yrs,' 8st 31b, in 3\. mm. 48 sec. Also in September, 1864, ?Tarragon, 6 yrs, with lOst Jib, beat Volun teer, -three miles, in 5 min. 57 see., by a length, both at whip and spur from the distance ;_ also same -meeting ho won tho Metropolitan Cup, two miles, carrying lOst 41b, beating Ramonie, 4 yrs, 7st 121b, in 3 mm. 50 sec., by a length. Theso porform-: anccs nro qnito enough to mako Tarragon a great horse,, and justly a favourite with the public ; and I think he will prove a bettor animal than that funny old Falcon, as Mr Dowliug calls him, who carried lOst lib in tho Clip last year, and won it in 3 min. 50A seo. However, Falcon is a better horso this season than ho has ever been beforo ; he is in splendid form, and if fortunato in his passage down it will tako all Tarragon's time to beat him. But the horso I would pin my faith in is Lancer, and although ho carries tho steadier of 8st 41b. Job Mnrrignn nn li.'a Kn,.N can do more' with him than any lad a stone lighter. Wo got a taste of Lancer's quality at the last meeting, running third 111 the Handicap, two miles and a quarter, in 4 min. 15 soc, or equal to 3 min. 4GJ boc. fortwo miles. Then- he- ran second to Illumination m a weight for age race, two miles and a half in 4 min. '40 sec., or.cqual to two miles in 3 min. 514 sec. ? Ho led all the way for moro .than two miles, rpiilliiig double, and it is naturally to be ? supposed that tho rate of speed would be,groater for two miles than it would be for the two miles and a half. ? .Mr. Dowling has had a good deal of troublo .with ;this horse, and for tlio first time got, him nearly right at the post at tho last meeting. Ho was. what trainers call 'coming,' and from all I can learn ho will bo at tho top of his oondition on the Cup day. I expect, therefore, to see him run a better porform anco than wo havo yet seen, and come in No. 1, with Tarragon and Falcon closo up. I have no faith in any others, oxcont it may bo ono of the Fishormau two-yr-olds ; but I don't think any of them aro in condition to win a two milo race. . -. I feel highly gratified at 'Tho General's' estimation of my abilities, ' clover and up to a dodge or two,' and havo to , return tho compliment for his artful dodging in the manner he puts tho case of .'Old Chum' and hhnsolf. I took tho troublo to turn up ' Old Chum's' letter in Bell of 17th Septem ber last, which caused so much of 'Tho Genoral's' wrath, and iii place of its contents being an attempt to creato a funk in tho racing men with regard to Mr. Fisher's Btud, tho tenor of it is quite tho rovorso, and not so much in a carping spirit at Mr. Fisher as at the, writers in Bell, 'Tho Gonoral,' ' Voltigeur,' and myself, for what ho calls the fulsome manner wo woro continually writing up, Mr. Fisher's stud, and also giving his opinion of tho different animals composing it. And because ho told tho truth regarding uiem, nnu wiuuu uas since ucon co a grcaC extent verified, 'The Gonoral' was pleased to haul him over tho coals. Ho says it was necessary to tell ' Old Chum' a fow plain truths, but it turns out tho boot is on the othor leg. I am no advocato of 'Old Chum's, as ho and I totally disagree , on many of his old fauglcd ideas, and it is of very littlo conscrjuenco to mo who 'Old Chum' and 'Tho General' are, and loss do I carB for the patronising airs of tho latter or his acquaintance; but the proof of tlio pudding is in tho eating of it, and there is very littlo doubt but what 'Old Chum' has got tho largest share iu this instance. Allow mo to tell yon, Mr. 'General,' it is very bad tasto to bo continnally carping at tho breed of old chums, as you call them, as 'bigoted and narrow-minded, otc.' Ihcre aro many highly respected gentlemen amongst them with as expanded viows, and a vast deal moro experience with rogard to' racing, and how racing ought to bo conducted, es pecially in tliia colony, than any now chum can havo— men who' have spent their lives at tho business, not only here, but in Eng land ; and I think a great deal of credit is duo to the 'Old Chums' of tho old Turf and Jockey Clubs, especially the latter, for bring ing racing to such perfection as it now is. I should like if 'The Goneral' will just look back to his letters in Bell of 5th and 10th November, 1S04, whoro ho orows ovor 'Old Ohuin' at tho success of the Maribyr nonc! stud in tho spring. 'Blood will tell.' 'What a lesson Mr. Fiaher has just read us.' ' In a fow years wo will look back with con ;omnt on some of tho Derfornianeon nf ' nut* thoroughbreds, wliioh wo now consider first rate.' Wo havo beon rating ourselves too highly, liko'.Old Chum,' etc., all .in tho eaiiio style, , as if no one had a ghost of a ohancowith the Maribyniong flyers. 'What does tho autumnprovo? and how the mighty, arofallon; Mr, Fisher does not win a race, 'Blood will toll,'. Mr. ' General'— and tho blood in tho veins of Illumination, and Frolio is not to bo beaten in tho world, let alone tho colonies. Ask Mr. Fisher himaelf, who, liko a wiso man, purchased the dam of Illumination at tho Bournficld salo. A.ak Mr. Watson, who purchased tho dam ' of Frolic at the saino time. Thoy aro now put to Fisherman, and the rosult will bo highly interesting as to whothor tho Fisherman or Warhawak blood will provo the boat j I will ay 2 to 1 on tho latter. As to looking back in a fow years with contompt on the perform ances- of - our. thoroughbreds, tho same' may be' said now -.' o! our thoroughbreds 'Some years back/ . I have to inform 'The General,' as I suppose ho'must. be a' new chum, -that the performances of such horses as Petrel, Bessy BedlamJ Marino,. Maid of the Mist; Balloon,' Buzzard; ' Flying Buck, and-aihost of others, have not been excelled in: tho present day, and many of them not equalled either for stoutness or speed. Their pedigrees, in most instances, are as good aud of the samo linoago 'as .thoy are breeding fromin England now. I don't speak from hearsay, but from my own personal observa tion nnd knowledge, for I am an old chum, if nearly thirty years' rcsidonco in' Victoria makes :riie one. AVhy,-: so far;back ?': as : 1820 there was a horae imported ;into Tasmania, that if ho wero alive now ono drop of his blood'would bo worth all that's in the wholq body of some of our crack stallions now. I refer to Romeo ; you can traco his blood tothobest of our racehorses of the present day, ; to. ' say nothing of tlieir Little' Johns, Wanderers, Peter Fin/ otc. The1 same can be said* as to horses imported to the Sydney, side, and what is better, through: the enter prise'of her old chumsall tho \tasb mares, ? that coiild' ho purchased were bought' arid brought to Victoria^'. The quiet manner in which 'Old Chum' has taken his. victory, over 'The Goneral' in the autumn contrasts favourably with the bumptious crow of tho latter after tho spring. ' : ' :' -?????- - ? !.r ? ? ?? ????]???; ?[,?'??????[ 1 PEEPING TOM. 