ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; " Give me leave To speak mjr mind."—SBAKsreaaE. Mr. Sullivan's is the beet of *11 the H-omleta n e hare had in this colony. I except none. It is also the best of all the characters in which he has appeared upon the Melbourne stage. It is a finished and a masterly perfor mance ; scrupulously correct throughout, and in some of the special psssages admirable. It is a performance with which a Shakspearian student cannot help but be greatly pleased. : There is nothing Blurred, not a word uttered at random, not a meaning uncertainly given. It is a work of true dramatic art, elaborated to its most capable limits. I do not care to in quire by what process Mr. Sullivan has readied so complete a result i I am content to know that the opportunity now presents itself of { seeing such a work, and I hereby chronicle the fact of a crowded house last Saturday night, and, for anything I know, every night eince, to witness it. The general excellence of the getting up of the piece, moreover, is, with exceptions, fitly proportioned to Mr. Sulli van's admirable performance ; more is the pity that the principle of completeness was not carried out entirely, for in such a play as Hamlet the most subordinate part ought to be allotted with care. I do uot know by what rule or tradition that of j Otric hae come to be considered as belong ing to the ladies of theatrical companies. Per haps it is because fope so commonly resemble I women. It is quite the exception when an actress appearstoadvant age in male characters, and in the present instance, the part is com pletely lost by its having been awarded to a nervous young lady, for whose embarrassment it is impossible uot to feel a great deal of com miseration. Of Miss Cany George as Ophelia, perhaps the only thing that can be said is, that she was less unsuitable for it than anybody eke in the company. Her pretty faoe, grace ful figure, and unassuming manner, will always carry her through such a part without ! danger of actual failure, but something more than negative qualification is required for an efficient personation of Ophelia. The demands made upon the powers of an actress in this character are far greater than in that of Des demjna, who is required to be only amiable and occasionally tearful. The mad scenes furnish opportunity for the manifestation of great powers, if great powers exist, and if they do not, the scenes may fall as flatly as -the soliloquies of a walking gentleman in a last centuiy's comedy. It is only just, however, to say, that Miss Carry George had made herself carefully familiar with the conven tional attributes of the part, and that though she did not accomplish anything either original or striking, she did not entirely dis appoint expectation. Nature, though con siderately indulgent in having endowed her with a very sweet speaking-voice, has denied her the faculty of expressive musical utter ances, and she is very much to be oommended for having got through the singing part of the business without a very marked failure, ller Ophelia, in short, is just of that kind which frequent praetioe and careful study nay render eminently respectable, but which can hardly ever become strongly impressive. 1 have never had occasion to say mue^bout Mr. Gladstone. I could imagine that he has long ago reached the utmost of his possible efforts, but on this occasion he went somewhat beyond his wont. His Horatio was, if not excellent, veiy creditable. Why the two gentlemen who did Boaencmntz and Guilden etern, were entrusted with their several tasks, it is quite impossible for me to eay. The characters are extremely uninteresting per sonages at best; but then there is all the more ! reason why they should be carefully cast. They ! are very unimportant themselves, but, as re gards the play, it is needless to say that they are the reveres of excresoent, and their inade quate representation therefore has an injurious effect upon the whole. It eeems always to be the ease that the awkwnrdest, most gawky men in a company, are selected for Boseitcrantz and Guildenstern, and that they are dressed in the sittings of the wardrobe. I have mentioned the exceptions to the general completeness of the whole of this revival. The rest is worthy of unqualified com mendation. The soenery is more finished than any I can remember on this stage. There hare been more gorgeous " seta," there have been presented more glitter, more show, more meretricious effect, but nothing more con sistently .and conscientiously worked out. Two of ths scenes are extremely happy in their appropriateness. And when I speak of ' appropriateness, I do not mean that of absolutely exact archaeological correctness, though, even in this respect, it might be wrong to say that ths closet scene is not such a one as could have existed in the res tie of Hlsinore at the time when Hnglud was a dependency of Denmark, The massive gallery, with its aemicireular arches, the dark oaken wsinsoot, the thick heavy-looking hangings, and the quaint ample fhrnltnre, all suggest an epoch, for removed from the present time, and ac cording exactly with the circumstances of the terrible scene enacted In the apartment. The other set, whioh seems to claim especial notice, is that of the grave- yard. The architecture of the cathedral is no doubt of a data oomider ably subsequent to that of the episode It Is. designed to illustrate) bat it -is so artistically managed thatthe aMwffirontem way be readily pardoned, - It is a most commendable depasture from the vipial foods of dealing with this 'toeue. Ordimdilythere is a chapel about the fire ofalarge dug fcnfo^ wiih jtlmninatoa " funeral pwpM^pn .ebm^frwB nowhsre in particular." In Ah instance, ire seethe angle ofalarge budding, whose oemplete bulk, though not perceived;-a-tfeveriy-wnggsted * overhanging foJiagMUppotoddfthide it. Thero is * vide arcKway, within wliiob the interior b seen;. ond. thi|n»oee»b»>«f priettafnoolytoft, ■ and moumew-pw** tbntkwiw*J iniidw the t cfttheflrsT before -it dto»g»i W fimt; Arid' ejprepos - of Hris' •pvWMfon, *J»e principal ■ ^TOBitfc Veiw * obstum'c wbibh, On, SftturJAy nt leM*. ]l, speared to afford a good deal of .arowsqmpnt . cJeiiaatioalspeeUcular effects wsreprobahly. not t familiar,* It wasmmifestly the same irreverent > i young gentleman whobadprevioualy oiled out • to the Ghoetto" speak op," e request which had obviously disconcerted the Ghost; and : rendered Mr. Heir lew eflbctive in this cha- : I meter than Mail. The two scenes I hare _ j especially meutioned, however, are far from being the only ones deserving of praise. "The f.^-U pencil of Mr. Hennings," as callow oommentalors on theatrical performances delight to observe when speaking of that geatieman'e work, has been employed with the best effect inevety other scene. The platform scene, though not greatly different from what is usually employed, is very com* pletc, and in excellent harmony with the situation*. The "room in the palace," though very artistic, is a little too ornate for that ! architecturally severe period; and perhaps ■ the same remark may be applied to the last , ! scene, which, nevertheless, is painted with wonderful finish and excellent taste. Even the "carpenter's" scenes are new. The one set for the interview with Osric is in admirable accordance with the rest, and indicates a desire on the part of the management to do the fullest possible justice to the whole. Of Mr. Sullivan's representation of the character of Hamlet I have already spoken, and it is now so well known to the theatre goers of Melbourne, that to enumerate all its points of exccllcnoe were superfluous. In some of his readings, Mr. Sullivan has adopted the very judicious and common-tense emendations suggested by Mr. Collier's annotated foiio, tbc occasion of so much con troversy and bitterness. Some other of Iris readings, however, are in questionable taste, as being innovations without warrant or authority. For instance, I know of no com mentator worthy of recognition who has ven tured to advise that Hamlet should say, " I'll take the Ghost's word for all the coin in Den mark instead of " I'll take the Ghost's word for a thousand pounds." Besides it does not ! soundShakspeariau. Forth&tothermodification; which was the subject of a good deal of dis cussion when Mr. Sullivan first ft eared in London some fourteen years ago, there is abundant reason. It is at least probable that 1 "I know a hawk from a hern, pshaw!" is a more correct reading than " I know a hawk from a hand-saw." This studious endeavour to impart correctness to the language, even though it may result in partial error, is always to be commended, inasmuch as it indicates a disposition freed from the slavery of routine and open to the conviction of reason. Alto gether, therefore, I cannot too highly praise both the character of Hamlet as per sonated by Mr. Sullivan, and the unsparing liberality with which the play has been got up. Of the characters I have not mentioned it is almost needless to say that Mr. Iamberts Poloiiiiis is no leas excellent than it always has been, that Mrs. Heir's Queen is distinguished by judicious care, Mr. Ireland's King dignified and nnexaggerated, and that Mr.Harwooda Grave- digger may take rank us one of the very best versions of the part we have ever had on the Melbourne stage. In brief, Hamlet, as now produced at the Theatre Royal, ought to We a very long career} and, judging by the piled-up house on Satur day night, it promises to .enjoy a ragge measure of success. While the Roval has gone to the extreme ol the high drama," the Haymarket has taken to saw-dost, tight-rope, and slack wire j and feats of horsemanship, dexterous tumbling, and the funnyisms of three clowns have succeeded to romantic and sensational plays. I presume that long ago all has been done in this way tfiat | can be done, and that we must be content with the finality of circus performances. Riding, tumbling, tight-rope and slack-wire dancing, are much the same as they have been to my knowledge forthelastfive-and-twenty years. The Oriental Hippodrome is very much like other hippodromes, Mid the ouly thing to be said is, that the performers differ among themselves as to their degrees of merit. Thus Madame Leon is far and away the most attractive and graceful of the ladies; and the down who sings is, of the tliree clowns, the funniest; the stout individual the next in the order of fun-, and the .gcntlemau in red is not funny St all, but only tiresome. Filially, the ballet of the " Merry Milliners is of all ballets that I have seen, the dreariest, and as all ballets are more or less dreary, you may conceive how dreary this is. JAQUES. 