DRAINAGE OP THE CITY. TO THE EDITOR. bir— It is my intention only slightly to notice the letter of Mr. Wright in your paper of this morning. If Mr. Wright desires to be singular ie has most admirahlv succeeded, for T will under. take to say that no professional architect or engineer within the bounds of England, Wales, or Scotland will be found to endorse his opinions. That scavenging will be always necessary, so ong as stables and dustholes are required, nobody has ever denied; but that it would have any effect in carrying off the drainage or exuvire of our towns is something novel to me. 1 presume Mr. Wright has, in the course of his practice, put up such a well- known article as a water closet. I should like to know how he proposes to use scavenging in such a case. Does he intend to abolish cesspools? If so I shall feel great pleasure in agreeing with him; but in that cose no other Bystem than that of our native country will serve his purpose, and all the rest follows. I do not quite understand what it is that Mr. Wright proposes. It is very difficult to gather from his letter; but if I might venture to guess, 1 will merely hint that no domestic servant of ordinary susceptibilities would be found to assist in stflh a system, and that eau de cologne and lavender water would become absolute necessaries of ex istence to all early travellers. I absolutely deny the economy. It has been proved over and over again that proper and efficient sewerage is by a long way the cheapest, as it is the most efficient of all systems. I eong atulate Mr. Wright that he has so far seen this as now to advocate drains, or, as he calls them, 'drains under the Jootways for the reception of surplus water from the watertables.' This, in fact involves everything that I advocate, for 1 do not think that the people of Adelaide, whose common sense lie so praises, would stop at this. ' If drains are re quired to carry off the surface water they had better be a little deeper to carry off the cellar and spring water; and no power on earth will hinder their being used as sewers either atonce or shortly. For the rest of Mr. Wright's letter, I cannot see how it contains any argument against a proper sewerage system. The whole gist of it seems to me directly in favour of it; and so far as it contains any argument at ail it seems to me an essay on the disadvantages of dirt Mr. Wright says — 'Would all the drainage that science can invent cleanse this town? All thinkingmen know it would hot.' Unless there is something peculiar about towns at the antipodes, all thinking men who have studied the question know that it will, and in this they have all expe rience in their favour. I would strongly recom mend Mr. Wright to read the reports of the London Board of Health, the various discussions reported in the Transactions of the Society of Civil Engineers, the leading articles and reports pub lished in the Builder and in other professional publications, and I think he will aee how wrong and prejudiced he is. He cannot even slightly have Btudied the subject since lie quite mistakes the peculiar characteristics of the French system of sewerage which he advocates, and which system, sq far from being cheaper, is far more expensive than the English system, as residents in Paris well know. I should like to be informed who has recom mended the flushing of drains by water to be got from the cellars. I quite agree with Mr. Wright as to its absurdity; but in this case Mr. Wright has laid a ghost of his own raising. With respect to the flushing of drains, I have pleasure in noticing a sensible letter from Mr. Murray, of Glen Osmond, in a former number of the Register. Were there any such difficulty as pretended, the plan there advocated would en tirely obviate it I mention* a somewhat similar arrangementin my essay. Very probably both m:ght be combined with considerable advantage; butwere neither of them adopted, I still repeat that bo long as 30 gallons of water are allowed to every inhabi tant of Adelaide, and which must go through to he drains, so long will a perfect flushing rf both louse drains and sewers be easy and economical I beg to say that I have lived in a town where only half that quantity was allowed, and I always took the liberty of flushing the house drains every merning by simply turning a tap. and I feel quite assured that every other householder did the same. Even during the long dry season of last summer there was no stint of water for house purposes, only for irrigation— a purpose for which I never leard of a City Waterworks being ever used before. This letter has run iuto much greater length than I intended, but it seems to me that even the A B C of the matter has yet to be learnt by some persons, or two-thirds of it would not have been necessary. I shall Bluntly have some remarks to make as to the cost of the English sewerage system. I am, Sir, &a;, E. G. THOMAS. 