TOPICS OF THE DAY. By the Aldinga we have received Melbourne papers to the 14th January, but they contain no news of general interest. The adjourned meeting of the electors of Gume- racha at Teatree Chilly took place on Monday, 16th of January. Thoewas a fair attendance, and Me Sobert Milne, J.P., was called to the chair. "The present members—Messrs- Blyth and Sfurray, who are candidates .for re- election—attended, and,gave their respective budgets of political views, and. afterwards were narrowly questioned by several of the: electors. ' It was then moved by .Mr. G-. Wat?on, and seconded by Mr. B. S. Kelly, that Messri. Blytii and Murray ate fit and^prpper persons to represent the district. , The motion was carried ananimou?ly, and the candidates briefly (banked the electors for their expression of confidence in them. Thecustomary votes of thanks dosed the proceed ings, which, owing to the preranre of English news, we arejunableto report more fully to-day. , . A meeting-of-eteetors^ras-idd-at Portnidelaide on Monday evening, January 16. His Worship the .Mayor (Mr. J. W. Smith), filled the chair, and there were from 200-to 300 pereonvpre?ent. The Trea surer (Captain J. Hart) and. Mr. F. B. Ooglin both addressed the meeting at some length, and after various questions bad. been rant 'and. answered, votes of thanks were passed to "both gentlemen. A resolu -tion that Mr. E. K. Horn be invited to attend a future 'meeting, and explain ibis political views was negatnjed; and motions requesting Messrs. Hart and CogUnito stand as-)candidates at the approaching election were agreed to. The' Treasurer, in the course of bis speech, said the Ministry had' agreed, to place a sum jof money ion the Estimates "next session for supplying Wallaroo with fresh water ; and they were also about to gets lightship built at Tipara reef, for the protection of shipping at Port Wallaroo. Mr. P. B. GogUn Bustainea an injury to bis left foot while on his Btation at Bapid"Bay. It appease he was giving- one, of his men some assistance in lifting a piece of timber into a dray, when it fell on his foot* crushing it and severely wounding it. Not withstanding this accident Mr.Ooglin-drove'3ll the 'way from Bapid - Bay, jtJJ?faTirei jof JT3 miles,, on Monday, to attend thVnwting which, was held at A n^flifl^ m Him tfWWWft¥i|kS On-Monday the stealmjJHHleanor left the wharf about half past 12 with^^n?issengars and friends, nrnnhi^ing tihmt. arijy--sljjjjjpi?i' .ahiri The Murray, After a pleasant TjinJlowiL&o; nver, pf.an hour-and-a hairs duration, Murray was boarded and a cold collation w^^^Vided by Oaptam liegoe. After luncheon' the health of Captain Legoe, and a speedy passage to Jitm %fnraay,jms proposed by^the Son. G. O. Hawker, after which the rnylth of Mr. Smarts the chief officer, was proposed.-C3a^(tainl?Bgoe .responded in- avjew' appropriate remarks on behalf of himself, lies. Legoe, and Mr. Smart, and three cheers wen: given for each, when the friends returned' to -the iteamer,<and reached the Port, at £ p.m., all well pleased with their tip. ~ c . \', $ lAjdepjntation of the Fort Adelaide Toung Men's .Association, 'consisting of Messrs., Follarton, Webb, and. Hopkins, .met their President (the Bey. C. -Marryat) on Monday morning in .the Magistrate's private rpom adjoining the-Oourt-Hoase, Port Ade laide, and presented bun with the appended address, accompanied by a very handsome inkstand, com posed of an emu's egg set in and mounted with silver:—? "To the Bey. C. Marryat, President of the Port Adelaide ; Young Hen's Association. " Reverend ana Dear Sir—We the undersigned members of the above Association cannot allow jou to leave the colony, even for the snort time you contemplate, without taking a hearty farewell of you. "The Society which we compose owea Its formation and present condition to your exertions alone. Tonr constant attention and untiring zeal has been, we an satisfied, most beneficial, and we doubt not buktfaat modi good will result from your (efforts on our behalf. "On. your return we Teatnre to expresE the hope that you will find as increased in numbers, Improved in Information, and earnest in die pursuit of the end for which you formed the Society" "Many Wish you a ssfe journey and speedy return; bnt none can more earnestly hope for your welfare, or more .heartily *f n your arrival in South Australia than the mem ters of the Port Adelaide Young Hen's Association." [Blgnedby thewholeofthe members.] Dr. Duncan then stepped forward and presented the following address from the office bearers, on behalf of 4he- congregation of St. PanTs Chnrch,T?ort Adelaide, of which the rev. gentleman is pastor:— "To the Bey. Canon Harryat, M.A., of St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, and late of St. Margarefe, WoodvUle. "Bererend and Dear Sir—On the ere of your departure for a short visit to England we are desirous, In the name of the congregation which we represent, to wish you a pleasant voyage and a happy meeting with that part of your iamily-fromwhich you have been solong separated, and to aamreron that we shalllook forward to .you retnm with the greatest pleasure. "Hay the gracious providence''of Almighty God, the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, be with you, and In crease your happiness, to> guide yon through every difficulty, and to protect you from every danger. Amen." I [Signed by the several office bearers, on behalf of the congregation.] Dr. Duncan took occasion at the eatue time to pre sent Mrs. Marryat with an exceedingly chaste epergne, set in and mounted with silver; also a card case. The Society of Arts' Exhibition was opened for the first time free of charge on Saturday, and was visited by 332 adults and 163 children. The distribution of prizes takes place on Tuesday evening, January 17. _." With reference to the accident on the Bay-road we find we have been misinformed. Mr. Andrewe's horse, though it did ran away, could not have been the cause of startling the colt, as it was recaptured and brought back to CHenelg, passing and repassing over the spot where ihe-mishap occurred, -and there were then no signs of any accident. Mr. Green states that just as he was driving up the approach to the bridge over the Start the colt met him and the acci dent happened.-He-saw nothing of Mr. Andrews'e horse, but heard that it had run away about half an hour before. The Western Morning News {Plymouth paper) of November 22 has the following paragraph:—"On Monday morning, about 6 o'clock, a large parly of emigrants went from Penzance by the West Cornwall Baftway. They consisted of miners and their families, chiefly from the Mansion mining district, and num bered in all about 150 persons. The party were en route toTlymouth to embark in the ship Queen Bee, which will shortly saO for Adelaide, South Australia. The whole of them have received free or assisted pas sages under the Government system of emigration, and we believe they are going to work on the exten sive copper mines in South Australia. There was a very exciting and interesting scene in the station before the departure of (he train, end many affecting iMTctdorigi wore made," - 