ARRIVAL OF TUB ENGLISH. MAIL. ; Tho Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship JMorihatn arrived in Hobson's Bay yesterday movninj, bringing "tho English Marcli mails and later Eastern iiitbliigence. _ wogivomo iouowing aoscraec of . tho news from our files : — t _ Court News.— Her Mnjosty will proceed to Cobiirg in August to be present at the uncovering of a statue of tbe lamented Prince Consort ; Lord Graiivillo willjic tlio Minister in attendance. -Her Majesty lias conferred tlie Order of the Garter on tli'e:Dnkc of Cleveland. Sir Frederick .Bruce kissed bands and took leave, 011 tho 21st March, 011 his appointment' as Iler Majesty's Minister to Washington. Tho Eurl of Lucaniiad an audience on the 21st March, and kissed hands on receiving froip Her Majesty the gold stick, as Colonel of the 1st Life Guards. Tlie King of the Belgians arrived on the 23rd Mnrch, on a -visit to Iler Ma jesty. The Prince and Princess of Wales, accom panied by Prince Alfred, and attended by tho lion. Mrs. Bruce, Lieutenant-Colonel Kcppel, and' Lieutenant Ilaig, went on tlie 22nd March to an amateur performance at tho Bijou theatre in aid of a baronet and his family much reduced in circumstances. By command of the Queen, a Jevee was licm.nn the 23rd at St; James's Palace by his ltoyal Highness tlie Prince of Wales, on behalf -of Her Alajcsty. Presentations to liis Royal Highness nt this Court are considered by .the Quccii's pleasure as equivalent to presenta tions to Her Majesty. Among tlio.se presented were Captain Roderick Dew oii return from China. We understand that Unrl Cowley is likely to return to receive the Order of the Garter. General Sir John Burgoync, Bart., G.C.B., is to he appointed to tlie honorary office of Constable of the Tower and LIciitcnnnt of the Tower Ifamlets. A Drawing-room was held on the 2oth by tlie Princess of Wales. The income of tho Princo of Wales is shortly to be increased. - . . The agitation of tlie Reform question on a great scale in every part of the kingdom, with the view,- of course, of influencing tlie pending elections, appears to liavo been .determined upon.' A conference has been held between an influential body of middle class and working class Reformers, at which Mr. Bright and several prominent, members of tho Ilouso of Commons were present, to agree upon a , basis. Mr. Bright lias qccinred liimscli in favour, of house hold suii'mge, but this view did not go far enough to satisfy tlie meeting, and a resolution in favour of manhood suffrage was carried almost unanimously. The ndoption of this extreme policy was based, no doubt, on the. assumption that by asking enough you may gum something, and it lias tlie further advantage of enlisting as oiio man tho wiiolo of tlie working classei in favour of tho movement. Indeed, it is tlie upntliv hitherto sliown liy the operatives on tlie subject of Reform which lias caused Ministers and Parlia ment to throw over tlie subject altogether. A movement of this kind is certainly not mndo iu the interest of either of tlie aristocratic parties, and if it lie successfully worked, will have a damaging influence in a hustings senro on thera both, for it will divide tlie middle classes, a split amongst which at tho present time, would go a consider able way towards popularising tho House of Commons. Tlie distress ninongst '.the cotton operatives in Lancashire is still considerable. Tho number re lieved by the unions' on tho 4th of Mnrch, the timo when the last returns were made up, was 100,322. Ill tlie corresponding week of 1804, the number wns 133,432; as compared with the working population the number then relieved amounted to 7 per cent., and at present tlie num ber, is 0 per cent. Local clinrity wns largely employed then, and is still, to aid the poor. One fact came out. which hears a painful significance, namely, that out of fuur men in the 'cotton dis tricts who are said to be " able-bodied," only ono is fit to work at a lull side or on public works. A statement like tills siioivs the enervating eliiict of tho mills on the physical system of those who labour in them. As the agricultural population passes into (lie towns to find work there when it cannot be imd in tlie country, this inability to bear hard healthy labour must proceed with great ;rapidity in the high temperature of tlie buildings in which tho weaving niul spinning maeliinery acts, and it mny bo assumed that if the effects ore thus disastrous to tlie mnic sex, tiiev must bo equally disastrous to tlie female. The" evil, we fenr, is one for which science will find it diliicult to provide a remedy. Tlie prcsenco of General M'ClcIlan in England, through which ho passed a few months ago, ex cited little or no public attention ; but in Rome, where lie is now sojourning, lie lias commanded more than ordinary respect. A banquet on a scale of great magnificence was given in his honour, which was attended by natives of the Republic belonging to the South' as well as the North. This commingling of parties has been praised ns-n proof of tlie good sense of the Ameri cans in not carrying then-; quarrels into foreign countries, hut wo are at. the samo lime assured that. the presence of Amnricans- in .the Eternal City; is much less than Lscustomary attliissenson . of tho year. Paris is . now the henifaqiini-ters of . tlicsa temporary sojourners in Europe, and amongst both Federal and Confederate sections in the French capital a conviction prevails, that the civil war is drawing to a close. A now Protestnnt church in Naples, tho site of which was a free gift by Garibaldi, in compliment to English sympathy in favour oi Italian unity, anil ratified, by the Government, lias just been opened. The ceremony was conducted by- tlie Bishop of Gibraltar, and all tlie members of the English community resident in the' capital of Southern Italy, several naval officers, and Iler Majesty's Consul-Gcneral and Viec- Consui, were present ou the occasion, as wore also the Prefect of tlie province and other local nuthorities. Tlie church is described, as being very linudscme. The mention of the nnme of Garibaldi reminds us that the statements made a few months ago that lie proposed to visit England again in tho coming summer arc altogether untrue. lie lias no such intention, and it fa now declared that he feels considerably nnnoyed at such rumours being put forth, not only without liis authority but in direct contradiction to his wishes. In tho House of Commons on tho 10th, in committee on the Colonial Naml Defence Bill, Mr. Adderley expressed liis approval of tho bill, winch lie believed to lie the best measure relating to the colonics that had been passed during bis Parliamentary experience. The old system os governing the colonics from Downing street had passed nway, and n new system had been intro duced, \vhich had left the colonies a burden and embarrassment upon the mother country mid a source of danger and weakness in time of war. The recent example of the Canadian volunteers showed how excellent a feeling pervaded our colonics, and it was surprising that it should be only now that n bill should be proposed to give power to the colonics to provide weapons und naval volunteers for their own defence. lie thought the bill was one which reflected the highest credit upon the Secretary for tho Colonies, and lie Imd no doubt it would prove most beneficial both to this country and to the colonies. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Marsh, as a colonist, also expressed his thanks to the rHit lion, gentleman for this most valuable measure. Mr. Cave thought it wns n very proper tiling to provide for the acceptance of any vessel which any colony might ofTer, but he might remark that suclian offer was actually' mnde by 0110 of our West India colonies in the old French war. Mr. Card well acknowledged the expressions of ap proval with which tliis hill had been rceeivcU ihe object of the measure wns to cxtcud to the colonies tho benefits of the Royal Naval Reserve, a0 enablo them to nlace ships nt the disposal of the Crown. It would, Jig hoped, be the foun dation of a naval force, maintained by the energy and at the exnenseof the colonies, constituting a most valuable addition to tho imperial defences. I ho bill then passed through committee. On tlie same day. Mr, A. Mills called tho attention of the House to the state of affairs in New Zealand, and moved an address to the Crown on the subject of tlie war m that colony. The hon. member observed that we had by no means got out of our difficulties in New Zealand. JIc believed the Colonial secretary would be glad if any one could guarantee that tho war would be over, not in flvo months, as had been Intelv nr»rlintmi h>,t years. Flic Maories, or the broivn ineu as they exliibitcil considerable vitality, and lucre was no immediate prospect of subduing them. Tlie question which Government bad to settle, therefore, was not n theoretical but a practical one. There were only two courses open, either to suspend tho constitution of New Zea- Jnnd in whole or in part, to revoke the colonial policy, or, failing that, to go forward and accept tho policy which tho Colonial Governmant had initiated. The colonists, however, must clearly understand that they could not have tlie privileges of freedom without its burdens. His firm opinion wns, that tlie policy which was now about to be inaugurated would be for the promo tion of the interests of the aborigines/ and he car- nestly hoped the day was not distant when tlie colony, instead of being a serious drain upon the resources of England, nnd a , constant source; of perplexity, all classes and both races would enjoy an era of prosperity and pcaco. A debate ensued, during which Mr Card- weu observed that Now Zealand was a country in which Cficrif were niillldSis'of acres of waste land, and a jiopulntion .of only 100,000, equally divided between tlie European and Maori races and there. .was, therefore, ample room for the extension! oficivilisatio'n without dispossessing the natives, of pfojierty they held. He paid a high tribute to the courage and bravery of the native rncC; and said the charges wiiicfi were mndo against them of vindictivoncss and cruelty wore unfounded. The Home Government had advised a pqjiey of conciliation, and there was every rensdu to believe tiiat the Colonial Govorninent- wore actuated by just mid generous motives, and by an nnxious desire not to oppress tho untives. The motion was then withdrawn. Ttrr. -United States and Canada.— In" tlie, House of Lords, on the 23rd March, Lord Russell laid on the table a communication from Mr. Adams, tlie Minister of the United Slates, containing tlie formnl notice from the Federal Government of the termination of tlie reciprocity treaty between tlie United States nnd Canada. The notice, Mr. Adams states, will tnke effect on tlie expiration of one year from the date of its delivery. In referring to tlie notification, Lord Itusscll said that with respect to some articles that entered the United States free of duty under tlie treaty, but which had recently been tnxod by the American Government, it might wish for a lieiv arrangement, and lie hud reason to hope that during the yenr that mast elapse beforo tlic.ter- mination of the treaty some agreement or con vention might lie arranged between tlie two Governments, both as to this treaty and tlie armed vessels on tiie lakes. He felt assured lie expressed tlie feeling, of the House when lie said lie should deeply, regret if any tiling disturbed tlie amicable relations between this country nnd America. For this reason he lamented that so many expressions had been used in this country tending to confirm tlie people of America in a belief that there existed imre.ii lcciing oi nostuiiy to tnem, and that Her Majesty's Government bad acted from tho commencement of the war in an unfriendly man ner. He then went nt sumo length into the two points generally ndduccd in supiiort of this state ment:- the proclamation of the 13th Mny, .1800,. by which the Confederate States were declared belligerents, and the construction and escape of tlie Alabama. Tlie proclamation, lie contended, wns a mere necessity; that could not lie avoided or deferred. Tlie state of nfiiiirs that had arisen iu America rendered it indispensable to the protec tion of the interests of this country. As to the construction of the Alabama, the Government had done all it could, hut were compelled to act by legnj means only, and there' was much delay and difficulty of obtaining such evidence as could be taken iu. n court of low. Throughout, Her AInjesty's Government had observed a perfect and complete neutrality. It would have been n most ignominious course ip have pliingcd this countrv into; a wnr with America, not for the honour of England, for that was not involved, but for the privntc profits of Messrs. Laird. He nnnouhced that n new Minister wns on the eve of departing for America to represent "iler Alajcsty at Wash ington instead of Lord Lyons (whoso past services lie warmly eulogised), who was not nblc to return to his post. Sir F. Bruce, lie said, imd greatly distinguished liimscli in Cluna by tlie firmness of liis policy. lie ltad acted in such a manner to wards tlie Chinese Government as completely to win their confidence. He had acted in such a manner towards the representatives of European nations as- to obtain their concurrence. He hail acted in such a manner towards tho English mer chants nnd Britisii interests in China, as to show that while lie was ready to listen to nnd obtain redress for every just grievance, lie was not pre pared to support them iu any unjust demand or any proposal contrary to tlie treaties with this country. It seemed to him that a man of that character was exactly the person who ought to be chosen by Her Majesty to send to tlie United States, and it was to be hoped that under liis auspices tlie friendly relations of the two countries would still lis continued. (Cheers.) The London corrospondent.of an Indian jour nal communicates the accompanying interesting intelligence relative to tlie "extrinsic scheme" which was discussed at tlie conference nt Fort Monroe : — " American matters in relation to our selves seem to bear a more peaceful aspect, reve lations concerning the proposition made liy tlie belligerents to invade a foreign power, having conic out. It will he recollected that in the inter view between tho Commissioners of I'resideiits Dnvis and Lincoln which took place nt Fort Monroe, the proposals made were iliac nil ques tions in dispute should he left undecided, an ar mistice granted, and a league oil'ensivc and de fensive made ill order toattack some foreign power. The name of (the power was not divulged, and oi course England was considered to lie tlie intended victim : moreover tho news cnrac from the Federal Government which took care to state, that the plan was suggested hy the Southern Commissioners. The effect here wns the withdrawal of some of the sympathy hereto fore exhibit.-d for tlie Southern States. Tlie arrival -of -authentic despatches from the Con federates puts a much more favourable con struction upon it— nt least, ns far as wo are concerned. The originators of tho scheme were Air. Lincoln's - advisers, ninl tlie joint notion was to be taken in driving tlie French out of Mexico. The Confederates saw, however, too far ahead to agree to anything of this sort, knowing the Ynnkees well enough not to trust thorn in an alliance of. such n peculiar nature. The question, of -tho continiiniice or otherwise of the war lias received no ndditionnl light since my last, unless. a resolution of the Confederate Senate not to cntertaiu tlie proposition of tlie Govern- incut for enlisting and arming the slaves can be construed in one sense or the other. At first it would seem that the Confederacy is satisfied that a good resistance may he made by tlie white population without any help, hut the true reason » pride j the Southern masters nro too proud to owe nnylhing to their slaves. This must be the origin of the opposition to the measure because the House of Representatives was favourable to it and tho Senate only rejected it by a majority of one. Notwithstanding the fall of Wilmington, and the burning of Columbia, the Richmond . papers continue to speak confidently of the safety of the capital. J Richard Cobdcn is dead. So much is announced in one of the Indo-European telegrams, but par- !!uu ,-';1 'Y.c no,1 P'vcn- rha London Express of tlie -i. Ill March thus refers to the illness ot Air, Cobdcn " \Ve regret to learn from a contem porary that Air. Cobden fa suflering from a severe attack of bronchial asthma, tho same com plaint from which lie suffered after meeting his constituents in Rochdale in November last. Since that time, although daily improving in health, and requiring, as he recently expressed himself, only n few days of summer weather for liis complete restoration, lie lias been almost entirely confined to the house ot Alidhurst until Tuesday last, on which day ho left for London, intending to lake part iu tlie debate ou the vote for the fortifications in Cnuadn.' Alni03t immediately ou liis arrival in town lie felt thnt lie had undertaken more than liis strength was equnl to, and lie experienced a rclnpsc of a very severe character. We are glad to be able to report tbat -during Saturdny and yesterday a favourable change took, place, and it is now thought thnt with strict confinement toe moderate temperature, perfect quiet, and complete oil- stmencc from public or private busiucs#. his recovery may not be long dclnyed. At present, however, lie is not permitted to see even lifa most intimate friends." Tho decision in tlie Colenso ense appears to have taken most -people hy surprise, and to have re vealed a state of tilings ecclesiastical in tlie colonies winch nobody suspected. The sum of the iudg- ment is this ;— Dr. Colenso, Bishop of Natal, ap pealed to tlio Judicial Committee of the l'rivy Council from tlie sentence of deprivation, pro nounced ngainst him by his Alctropolitaii, Dr. Gray, Bishop of Cape .Town. The question to lie tried was a pure question of Inw, involving no theological considerations whatever —Wns Dr. Gray armed with the authority requisite t» sus- !!"" Ilie, nct of kpnvntion ? nnd tlio dccisiou of tlie 1 rivy Conned is, that lie 'possessed 110 such authority, and that, therefore, the sentence he passed upon Dr. Colenso fa null and void. This sentence, it will be seen, concerns merely the question of jurisdiction. It leaves the nllced heresy where it was. So strictly was tlio ease limited to tlio single local point, that the clerical members of the Council took no part in tlio iicar- lng, which wns conducted und decided solely by the legnl members. It is to be hoped that tlie Yelvcrton case has re ceived a finnl conclusion, for tlie Scoteli Court refuses to accede to Airs. Yeiverton's (Long- worth s) application for an examination of tlie .major on oath. She however, threatens to op- CfPi « House of Lords against this decision. Tlie Great Eastern will sail with the Atlantic telogrngh cable from Valencia, Ireland, about iP".1®', noilniny lis expected at Heart's Content. Trinity H/iv. iiv tii mUiiu month. On tlio 21st Alarcii, 10G2 nautical miles r cable wore completed, and it fa confidently ex pected that tlie whole 2300 miles will be mnilc and on board of tlie Great Eastern by Alay. Contain Anderson, of the China, will command the Great Eastern during tlie laying of tlie cable. Several meetings have been held at Woivcr- nampton, Newcastle, and Hanicy, of the trades unions and others, with' reference to the great lock-out. Lord Litchfield assisted at tliein, but nothing final was settled. Tho North Stafford shire men will not meet tlio South Staffordshire masters, and tlio masters will, it fa expected, insist, as a first (step, that tlio men shall go ia at reduced wages. The " Edmunds scandal," sometimes called tlio Westbury seaudal," is being dragged through the committee of the Lords appointed to investi gate tlio charges. The committee acta with closed doors— that fa to say tlio publication of its pro ceedings fa prohibited ; but It fa pretty well known what.witncsscs have been called. In tho mean while, Air. Edmunds has circulated ckliorate statements implicating certain members of the Brougham family, nnd tending to show II, m i giiilt, if any, . mainly consists in liavinn- n b, ' jiiinsclf to he made a tool . interests of others. Upon tl10Se ll« lie opinion must hold itself hi res?. v!nPIi whole of tlie facts have been sifted si,„ , 10 surmises, nnd liold as, onions are sown foo"! al'' in the interval, and the clubs m'e , , J' 2,SrBl,it" "Wturnoutto t utSf The question of the reward to ho given cabman, - Jonathan ATattlicws, on acra int r .la apprehension of Muller, wliieh liaf lie . ' , the under consideration, lius at li-ii'ili h. .. i to an issue. It was urged on nTn , , Alnttllows alone was cntilfcd to the money ', m' oil tlie other it was. contcnncd that m!. L "'e the jeweller, nnd Mi-. Reps®" „ Z ' lr-.1)mth, nut information of the doings (If JI idfor ""P01'- tlie commission of the crime, ought to n-, ',' lo in - the -amount offered hy tin; O-own J iinpat(! Roberts the bankers, aml hy the dime T ?srs- Nortli London Railway Compnnv. It "la culed- that the whole sum, L3oi)' slmll i "0,v <lc" Alatlliews, or rather his crodifors ' an 1 '<> inent cheque for L10U, in favour nf \i ..vern- ha, been 'paid to his ossigncS "n liafil-nn i T' the bcnciit . of liis creditors, and no .fa' cy for balnnco oi L200 will soon lie forth.?- tl,a that tlie creditors will, in fact, derive vUi'8 ' 80 stant'ol advantage from tlie mimkr ?r w 1 Iiriggs. Arntthews fa no longer in 1,;. ltr- those to whom lie is indebled are, it is sairi' vd " posed to act very leniently towards' I, „ ' dls- land postage?11 "a3 bC" ma'la "- rates offo. Jj.0 Ba'e ,mS and' ,he Au enormous amount of property l.-„ i. jxt,. Mi' IL bhci'ldftn lias c«irricil ncninqt Cn. ment a motion to the cfl'ect that n vcrn" to reduce the duty on fire insurance exi>eHient Tlie Surrey Theatre at Slirilicl.l ,V„ , destroyed by lire. No lives were f0? building was creeled at a cost of Ltio 000 T'10 A case is under investigation In r"i„ may suddenty become suddm! km, ?' wl,!cl1 l'ritclmrd, a' very skilful ,es "'? Dr. been arrested Oil suspidoii (Jfln,.?„ ' .t'i,-v' wife nnd iter mother. T|,o ,u,, i .? Pncd originate with a doctor who attended i!?,?" "J who obviously believes i„ foul play htuw;."'1"1 ns yet unsupported by anv facts nv??.- nre incut by independent surgeons that th?P " s,lltc" appearance of natural di?ca c ? ,| 'U V10 fhe contcnt3ortbesloinacbs bav? he??/ ' but tlie result has not been made known s,'"C(1> while Dr. Pritciuird, who stro„g|v .t,m- Mcnn- foul play, has ken committed to prhm Md1)3r '' Scotch papers affirm a liaison between Ida ni'? the housemaid, mid state that three vm ? ! fire in Dr. l'ritcliard's house in wliicd? n r,?KOia servant was burnt excited the ntkiuiou of u police. Dr. Britclinrd's character seems to 1? entirely iu Ins favour. 10 lw Tho new transport fleet which tlie e„... have decided upon building for the couro?, ourtroopso.it mid home trom Imfia fa in or tbe Crocodile, to be built by Srs S with engines by Raveuhill, Salkeid, andCo b tsj fecrapls, by the Thames Shipbuilding Comnanv engines by Humphreys, Tcnnant an,irv!P??' Eupbratn, ;;by La'ird Profiler", ;-h0\h0 ; S supply the machinery ; the J unina, bv Palmer and Co., with engines by Iltimphieys.'Tennmt and Co.; nnd the Malabar, by Napier an s who build both ship ami engines, 'lie o mf the ships is hxed nt 4,173 tons, and th" ?;?" horse power is to bo 700. It h-sktcd lint hi two iirst-named are to rim on tliis side, mid the remaining throe on.the other side of the isthmus fi lieutenant received a deputation from Dublin Corporation, with tlie rcpresentativS of a number ot municipal bodies and towns", im from tho provincial towns,— Cork, Liinerlnk \Vatcrford, Clonmel, Kilkenny, Droglieda ford, Car ow, Nenagli, Timi'les, Teinpicmore Enuiscortliy, Ivingslown, and Dalkoy. Shortlr alter 1 o'clock tlio deputation walked in procc-S from the Gity-liall to the Castle, wl.erc they were reeetvral m t lie Tiironc-room, th'cLord Lieutcnam and his stall appearing in titate uniforms. The- deputation being announced by Captain Willis gentleman usher, the Lord Mayor introdured them to his Excellency, nnd called unon tlie town clet-k to rend the resolutions of tlie council bcarino- Sh- rmn '-l 0 , , t'P,"1''11,''"'- This being done" bir John Gray slated tlie views of the deputntion ""I-" .n'u ho mentioned Hint, as ' witil .Roman Ca- tliolics, to whom the oalli of office taken by Pro testants was oflensivo, and he had himself refused .'f8'!', pteierring .tlio Roman Catholic oath ; nnd he said he was sure his Excellency must have been pained when, on. assuming tlie Viccroyalty, lie had to take tbe oath. Alcinorials were then presented to his Excellency on behalf of several of tho principal bodies. They praved for tlie re moval trom - tlie statute-book of nil-oaths eontuiu- "Fusions oliensive and insulting to the feel ings ol n vast majority of the . papulation of this country, and the suhsUtution ot a simple, uniform fo the 'E"T ' '7 ="'d ofohedie, WA il? J -., «'n' y to 0,8 'lop'itation, Lord said— Tno subject you have brought bolero mo is one worthy of deliberation and eon- sidoration, not only for its own sake nnd value, but t" me by a number of vtrv influential bodies of gentlemen ; and it fa, no doubt, more deserving of consideration bccauso the deputations which, have attended here to- . clay are composed, not of oceshadc.or cla?aofUio community as regards their religious opinions, but comprise, I am happy to say, both Catholics , and Protestants." At a meeting of (lie exbeutivo committee of the . Dublin International Exhibition, a letter was road r from the Lord-Lieutenant, intimating '.that hisRoynl Highness : tlie -Prineo of Wales will open; tlie Exhibition on :the Otli of A1 ay. "he 1 ondon Gazette coutaina the programme ami regulations' for the Interimtionnl Exhibition ot Portugal, to be held in tlie Oporto Crystal I alace. The exhibition is patronised by the tfrng. and the opening is fixed for Monday, tho 21st oi ' August. The Dean of Winchester has just entered his 90th year. He. is so h'ile and hearty that lie is able to rend the -.whole of the prayers at the early morning and at tlie .evening service. IIU son, the Dean of Lincoln, died in the prime of life about a year ago. The pourt journal says that while the Prince f Wales was witnessing the Chertscy steeple- Glioses His Royal Highness had his pocket picked of a valuable gold watch, presented to him by the Queen'. . . ' It; is stated that Sir Francis Baring, Mr. Somerset Hemnont, Mr, Mnckinnon, bud tbe Right lion. II,. A. .Herbert, are to he raised to the peerage before tlie disso!uti6n of Parliament. It is rumoured iu sporting circles that a private racecourse is about to be laid out in Windsor ark, under the especial patronage of His lloyni Highness the Prince of Wales. - A loom, has been manufactured for.thc Countess of Eglinton, with which her ladyship intends to manufacture dresses- for her own use. (lt ;ii : understood that tho.British Government has requested Sir Henry Duhvcr to visit again the Suez Canal,, and his Excellency bus started. The Prince Imperial of France has now entered his tenth year. MISS ACFORD Y.LORD HUNTINGTOWER. TUB LATI5ST CAUSE CELEIIItE. Tlie spectacle of the engineer hoist with his own petard " lias been recognised ns Icci'tiinntc sport ever since Ihe days of the "divine William." But the . additional amusement of wltuessiug the. crafty miner, in ids eagerness to destroy tho enemy, openly laying the train for the explosion with such reckless naste that it mustoi a cer tainty send liiui also flying into tho air in sone direction JJor another, is not often granted to the cynical raornlisers on tho world's follies and frailties. .Such a source of enjoyment, if it he one, was, how ever, attainable in an action tried ht Maidstone, and, whether regarded as n sad record of past misdoings or as a probable germ of future per plexities and litigation, our causes cclcbres do not often furnish us withsuchathcmoibr reprobation, sttprise, and regret. 'Hie action was brought by a certain Miss-. Elizabeth Acfo.'d against Loru Iluntingtowcr, in order to " recover L15, ono quarter's annuity, granted to. her by the defend ant in consideration of post cohabitation." 'I heso words express the plea, but very inadequately de fine the ground of the proceedings. Lord ilunt ingtowcr, whesj name 13 very familiar to our courts of Jaw, many years ago " lived " with the ilaintiff, and by her had three children. In 1818, leing desirous of terminating thu connection, ho executed a deed covenanting to pay the lady LOO n-ycar in quarterly payments. In return tor this sum she wus to undertake the support and educa tion of the children, and in no way to molest or annoy him or his family. But this munificent miunggmeiit, juro a year eacn ior ine support of four people, with " education " thrown iu for three or them, was seldom carried out in good faith. Tlio payment, after a certain date, w 03 " always in arrcnr," and the plaintiff had been perpetually compelled to bring actions to recover even this paltry amount. The case in the piesent instance was a little complicated by that perpetual stumbliug-blork to law and equity, the Scotch law of marriage. Jn tho course of their cohabita tion the parLies had proceeded to Scotland, and on the occasion — sometime about 1831 — of Lord Iluntingtowcr marrying, Miss Aclbrd asserted that they had resided there ns man nnd wife, aud that, therefore, she only was Lady Iluulingtower. She brought an action to that cilcct, hut failed to establish her pica, and was nonsuited. ( Lord Huutingtowor returned to her two of the children whom he kad taken nway, for the purpose, it inny be presumed, of providing them with a little more ".education " than could be scraped— aftir bread nnd cheese — out of the H5 a-yenr. The fulfill ment of the bond was demanded, the pnyir cut still continued in arrow, and the present action wtf brought tor . Its recovery. Tills uno the deibuco form indeed. Lord Hunting lower u'!' 1 that Miss Acford was his wile, nnd therc- P,ctliii ground of action against him. Hero tore 1 »u ""h Ion of the potnrd with n vengeance, tvaf'1 "h-Llowvd by another little shock in the »?d of a recoil equally damaging to its li/l engineer. Miss Aeford was, of utifuckj ' to tho facts upon foiuf' llimtiiigtowcr proposed to csta- "'"f ids' novel defence. Air. Chambers, his bit-1'. , " " , fds plea was in reality nd- CJ,'S\aif in m'dcr foliuL'lt u Mb. Acford lu OTiisof proving it, or or ceasing still ro -»J 1 ( "tin was Lord Ilmitingtowcr's wife. Mr. KlniWrs assumed Hint plea to bo impossible; . ifler jliss Acford's exninination, tiie Lord Tlaron distinctly held that she had fully unlit her claim. Slid swore that she joined . I lltiiitiughiwcr in Scotland on the limler- itii" that they were to become man mid wife, . ihM- passed "as mail and who, and Hint she , t ri.illli'en by him. The Lord Chief Baron dc- , J that nceording to the Scoteli law, thnt wns m riio.mh to establish n marriage. Mr. f'.n,!,crs was naturally tnken aback by this im- nsital and niidcsirablo success of liis plea ; but !i i-Mvas another disagreeable surprise in 6torc < hint' I" answer to certain questions, Miss aeford liad mentioned " foiir" children, whereas ,u nriueelv nnnuity only provided such a provi- ' tfirce. But, further interrogating, Mr. fi.wnliTS himself elicited from her that the last « torn in 1803. M iss Acford swore thnt Lord 1«nniia"towcr' had frequently visited her up to H at flntc, and was the father of that child. As Mr. r'lmaiiicrs declined to call Lord Iluntingtowcr v'i,.ino rebut this statement, it necessarily held and the " ciinrge" ol tho Lord Chief Baron P ' |||C various parties directly and indirectly favtrd bv these proceedings in a position ns dis- . Sable as peculiar. . llisiordshlp snid thnt "in in opinion there wns nrimn facte evidence to rtabltsli the plea thnt'tho plnintiff \v.03 tho wife f die defendant. The verdict as to the bond nipt therefore be for tiie defendant on that plea; ? j, n,u5t be ior the plaintiff on the other— that ri molc-lntioii — to support which not a tittle of evidence had been adduced., lie should reserve for further consideration tho question whether he , ' , correct in his view of the Inw u pon the stthjcct of the plea of mnrringc." A verdict was entered STlds''prhtin facie opinion, and even tills doubt, uiPtnot 1,0 a "t" porp'oxing to Lord Hiiiilhig- toirer.' Wc should imagine that few defendants hire been so effectually' "cursed with n granted waver." Lord II imtiiigtowor saves the payment If tl5 quarterly, hut at tiie contingency of wlint endless atmoyaucc, litigation, and expense, it is Impossible to foresee. It is curious' that gay pitliarios should he so recklessly lavish in the proserii lion ot such liaisons as these, nnd yet liioiiM turn such absolute misers when a little ludicrous liberality would preserve tliein from lie cxpoaire nnd Blinmc so frequently rising up as ' ibtir ghosts. 