MURDER IN QUEENSLAND. At the police court, yesterday morning, Rudolph Monberger and Caspar Schaig, the two men charged with the murder of Henry Bode, a German pedlar, at the Logan, on or about the 27th August last, were brought up for examination and fully com- mitted for trial. As the evidence was very volu- minous, the proceedings lasting from a little after ten o'clock until twenty minutes to six, a resume of the facts, as disclosed by the witnesses, will be in- interesting. It was shown that Bode was at Stone's public-house on the 27th August, being on a visit to that place for the purpose of collecting some debts. In the afternoon he went out, intending to return that evening or the following morning. Monberger was one of his debtors, and he took the track for their (prisoner's) farm, which was about three miles from the ferry. He was seen withing half a mile of their place about seven o'clock in the evening, seeking directions, and was put in the path which led to their house by Halliday, a neighboring farmer. The farm is situated on the bank of the river, and the house stands in a small paddock, which is entered at the rear, and the road passed through a scrub. Halliday was the last man who saw Bode. The prisoners were seen going home a little before Bode could have got there. On the 9th September the body of a young man was found in the river, about five miles above the prisoner's farm. The Logan is a tidal river. An inquest was held, and the jury arrived at a verdict of "Found drowned," before the body was properly examined. Then it was discovered that Bode was missing, and inquiries were made. The prisoners left their farm about the 18th September, and on the 24th Sub- Inspector Lloyd went to their hut. There he found a hat and purse, which was identified by Hoeman, an old friend of the deceased's, as Bode's property; and the ferryman proved that he was wearing them on the 27th August. There seemed to be no doubt about the articles. The purse was found in a box bearing Monberger's name, and containing a locket, and the hat was stuffed into the straw forming the bed. There were traces of blood on the doorpost, the door jamb, a large maul weighing about 14lb, on some trousers, a bed tick lying in another room, and on other things; and there was also hair on the maul. On part of the bedroom floor ashes had been recently strewn. The hut was in perfect order. Then the body of the drowned man was exhumed, and the appearance of hair, teeth, and clothes an- swered most accurately to the description given on Bode. He was a young man of about 21 yeards of age, without whiskers or beard. He was last seen with a crimean shirt and flannel trousers, and the clothes of the same pattern were found on the body. There was a flannel vest on it which was not iden- tified. The body having been dead some time was in a very decomposed state. The head was removed and it presented a fracture on the right side just of such a nature as the maul would make. The skull was thin, and a hole six inches by four was driven in it; and there were fissures on the left side cor- responding with the fractures. Dr Hobbs accounted for this by stating that the head must have been resting on a comparatively hard surface at the time the blow was given; and the injury could not have happened to a dead body floating in water. Hoeman had no doubt, from the clothes, teeth (of which Bode had a remarkably good set), and the height, that it was the pedlar's body. The prisoners were ap- prehended 14 miles beyond Toowoomba, on the Dalby line. Schaig, when he saw the police coming, threw down his tools, and was making off, when sergeant Buckley arrested him. In their hut Mr Lloyd found a pair of boots, nearly new. Mon- berger said they were his, and he was understood to state that he bought them in a particular shop in Brisbane. The Logan ferryman, without being able to swear positively, believed they were the pair Bode wore on the 27th August; they were three inches too long for Monberger. On the same prisoner a pouch was found, and Hoeman identified it at once as Bode's. On Monberger's hat there was a spot of blood. These are the main facts of the case, and excepting the boots, we have only mentioned articles which were positively identified. a model of the hut was made, measurements taken of the 'ground, with the distance of the hut from the river and adjoining farms. One incident may be mentioned, that after the inquest the prisoners gave up passing Beetam's farm when they had to go to the German station. They never spoke of the miss ing man to any one. With this, case against them they were committed to take their trial at the next criminal sittings, to be held in November. The court was crowded during the whole of the pro ceedings, in which great" interest seemed- to be taken. Botli men are under the average height ; Monberger seems the more intelligent of the two ; and Schaig is not prepossessing in appearance. Thevhave been in the colony about thirteen months. —Courier. A proclamation, issued by the Superintendent of tlie province of Canterbury, is published in TuesT day's Gazette. It prohibits the importation into Canterbury of any cattle from Victoria and the other Australian colonies, the Cape of Good Hope, and the islands of Great Britain and Ireland. Attempted Prison-breaking at Bathubst. —Last Saturday forenoon a most determined at tempt was made by a number of convicted felons and others to break through the outer wall of Bathurst gaol and lience to effect their escape. The part of the wall selected was close to the place . where some convicts had succeeded in making a hole and escaping nearly .two years. ; since; The attempt on Saturday was very j similar to the successful one made in in the pre- viotis case ; a/fiumber of prisoners covered the ; niefi who were working out the bricks, so that, they should not be seen by the warder on duty. They had so far succeeded that in a few seconds had they not been observed by the warder they would have effected their purpose ; but a timely alarm was raised, the governor mustered the warders, and the prisoners were consigned to the cells, and many of them put in irons. Shortly after the men were in irons Dr Palmer, with Senior Sergeant Waters, and three constables, were on the spot. As the magisterial inquiry has not yet been held, we refrain from publish ing any further particulars of the attempted outbreak, which was so nearly successful that the inner bricks of the wall had been removed before the alarm was raised. These repeated attempts at prison breaking by convicts, requires the serious consideration of the authorities ; and although we should be sorry to fiud the triangle resorted' to, we feel assured that unless some severe examples are made, very serious conse-, quences are likely to follow. The Bathurst Times adds:— To prevent the recurrence of these attempts, it is intended to have a low fence erected all along the yard, three feet from the wall : and if a prisoner at any time shall be found between the fence and the wall he will be liable to be shot.— Australian Native, Oct. 11. Dii Livingstone. — Among the passengers . from England who arrived in the P aud O. Company s steamer Benares yesterday morning was Dr Lmug- stqne, tlie celebrated .African traveller. The doctor is about, to engage in another exploring expedition into the interior of Africa, and has come to Bom bay for the purpose of making some preliminary preparations. The scene of" his explorations will be that tract of territory extending between the region which he has already explored and that dxsT covered by Captain Speke. He will commence his travels by. following the course of $he luver Bovuma, which is in about ten decrees south lati tude, -towards the north to Lake Nyassa and then towards the south to the Tenganyika. Dr Living stone has already explored the Rovnma for about 150 miles ; but from that point towards the vest the country is totally unknown. The obj eot of the doctor's' expedition is, partly to open up the countiy for the piirposes of commerce, and partly to carry out thewislies of the Geographical SooietyofLom "don, by exploring the watershed of South _Afiica between the Zambesi and the district visited by Captain Speke. This latter object possesses great interest in the estimation of the geographers at homeland they are desirous of ascertaining wher the lakes discovered by Speke, Grant, and Baker are not supplied by water flowing still further south than from any sources yet discovered. The party composing the expedition will be a small one, and in all probability will be composed ost entnely of natives. It is not unhkely, indeed that t e doctor may select a Tew of fhe natn es of thjs jcduntrv to accompany hun, but this . funned by circumstances. R is expec tal thai = the party will start about the end of October, l est clay. Dr. Livingstone had an inter new with Ms Excellency the Governor, at P.ne , j the nature of it has of course no there is little doubt that every offered to the doctor to carry out lus project successful issue. — 1 ones, ot incuu . . . Popping the Question,—' champagne,, v . .' JHE Englishman Abroad.— The following is by acorrespondent of The Times, who writes from Tveisbaden : — " What is there in an Eng lishman that makes him so well known ait a first glance, and sets him apart from all the other members of the human family p When the Emperor iii. wished to requite the hsopitality he had received at the hands of perjide Albion y srmg aa British subjects a privilege which is still denied to his own French citizens — that or travellmg about in France without being bound to exhibit a passport— that astute monarch was well aware that the sagacity of his police agents and gendarmes coDld never be at fault about that indefinable something which nature, has stamped on tho countenance, in the bear ing and garb ot au Englishman, and which sends him forth into the world as the civ is Romanics oi the present day,— something in; the look of an- Englishman, and of an Englishwoman too.' i was years ago on my way back from Italy, and had reached the French frontier, then at Culoz, when we were, agreeably to custom, marched- through ropes into the police-office at the station, a whole train- full of passengers, and asked to show our credentials. wfi had been posting all' night across Mont Cenis, wo had gone through a hurried toilet at St, Jean de Maurienue, and the dust ot the road aud the railroad had made our travel- stained clothes all of one color. There was not much to choose among us as to outward apparel. We filed one by one before m. le Commissaire ; the poor foreigners put down their greasy papers with fear and trembling ; the English part of the company proclaimed their nationality and claimed their exemption. The turn came for a tall, and rather good-looking mid dle-aged lafiy, an Englishwoman born and bred, but married to an Italian, long since a Briton by naturalisation. Her turn came to stand before the table, and the contrast between the sharp and weasel- features of the arrogant little official and the innate dignity of the fair traveller was suffi ciently striking. " Tot' pass'port, Madame ? " English,", was . the . answer. . -The lady' under.r standsand speaks most languages, but she claimed in this- instance the right of using her own. " English," she said. " Anglaise ?" translated the little man.; " iott, norfi, s'il vous plait?" " Ce'nturione," uttered tlie traveller with great distinctness. - , : The Commissaire, - snappishly— " Ce n'est pas un mom Anglais." The lady gave a slight toss of the head and said nothing. " Ce n'est pas un nom .Anglais," repeated, the irascible functionary u,|f.yous .4ites",..,.vc.euturioue> again spoke the lady, and then, spelling, " o e n- t u.r i o n e " Ce n'est pas un nom Anglais,'' still more snappishly. He then cast a. glance round the. company, who began to be amused at the ; dialogue, afid -then muttered, soinewhat crestfallen; "Passez, Madame," and the lady passed on-' The rogue knew very well all the time that he had to deal with an Englishwoman, and that there; was 1 nothing to . gain in tlie . con test ; but he' f' ihotighF':ffe;..!,.qbuld about her name and- worry ffier with Jmpertiinent questions. The defiifiteness of the lady shut him up. ,No doubt anybody who has: eyes in his liead can tell an English person assoofi' ;as he has one before him, and it- is thus ' that by casting a hasty glance on this vast, motley crbwd; before the Kursaal,va"t Weisbaden, i, can settle it to my own satisfaction. that the Britons (do Dpt. this year muster .very, strong at this ; .epsinppolitej meeting. It is true that a word or two caught hero and there in the midst of the hubbub ;of voices' has soinething of the1 smack of the Afiglo-1 Saxon accent ; but, upon turning on tbp group; whence it proceeds, you have; no doubt as to their Transatlantic nationality." How Sweetmeats are . Made.-— What : an ; atinospheire of dust meets ms as we. enterthe; manufactory . The shop ..we are in is powdered from rafter to floor with a fine impalpable pow-' der, that reminds us of the interior of a flour mill, aud the workmen are moving ghosts) even the fringes of their . eyelashes are whitened to ! their tips, just as the. hoar frost whitens . every ' tiny filament it can Jay lipid s of. This dust is that of fine starch, the substauee used as a ina- 1 trix for a certain class of cast sugar goods. '. We are in that part' of tlie factory now wliere those " sweets" are made which are the; demi-opaque —like snow-water frozen. The sugar ! is not boiled to a great heat, but is allowed gently to simmer on the fire, whilst the moulds in which it is to be cast are being prepared. This is done by spreading the fine starch over boards quite evenly, and then inverting another board over it, studded with the forms it is intended to, pasty The man we are looking at is about to make anulets, or sugar rings, and as - he lifts the in verted board from the smooth starch; we see that it is covered with moulds of indented, rings, placed at regular intervals, afid as close together as they can go. Another workman now ap proaches with a tin receptacle filled with sugar, fitted with six spouts. . With great skiU and. kfiack he pours out the sugar, and fills ring after ring indented in the starch, as fast as his arms can conveniently travel from left to right. Not a drop is spilt, the sugar standing .in each ring with a slightly curved surface, just as a drop of water, would do that' had" fallen upon dust.: These.; starch moulds are .used . for all those sweet meats which contain fluid or liquor in the in-! terior. The liquor is mixed with the -melted sugar indiscriminately, and both enter the mould together, but-, curiously enough, the latter Jfi-;. stan tly cry s tallizes: on the outside of the former, and thus, by a natural law, the liquid flavoring essence becomes imprisoned. , It was thought very foolish of George iii. ' to ask how the apples got into the dumplings, but we have little,; doubt that the manner , in which .these /liquors, get inside the sugar-plums . has puzzled: many, a- wiser head than his. The casting of these.liq.uor, sweets employs a large number of. persons, and ihe most extraordinary moulds are obligedito be invented to meet the requirements of the trade. Balmoral boots, Tyrolese hats, scissors; knives, fish, and all kinds of things, animate, and inani mate, are thus produced, the only Hniit- to the design being the size and weight of each article. — Once a Week. 