2,0 AST) POVERTY. LdVB arid PovdrtJ, alone Sat listening to the wind and rain, As white as ghosts, IIB cold as stone . In a but without a door or pinto j Love looked around him with a shiver, Then cast a glance at his bow and quiver. " Come to my arms," pale poverty Bald with a trembling sigh j " Together we shall married be Apart, we both may die." But love shrunk book, and answered " No 'Tis really time that I should go 1" And so Love went upon his way. Nor have they over met From that time to the present day, Much to poor folks' regret) For now, to put her friends to shame, Love knows no person of that name. A.A. a MARRiage or Miss Rothschild.? On Wednesday se'nnight Miss Eveline de Rothschild the second daughter of Baron Lionel, was married with princely state and ceremony to her cousin Ferdinand, in the baron's new mansion, at Hyde Park corner. The marriage, alike from its importance and splendor, naturally attracted great attention in the fashionable world, not a few of the members of which still remember with pleasure the magnificent festivities which, at Gunnersbury Park, eight years ago, attended the marriage of the baron's eldest daughter, Leonora, with her cousin, Baron Alphonso, of Paris. On this occasion, also, the bride has married a cousin, Baron Ferdinand do Roths- child, the second son of Baron Anselm de Baths child, the chief of the great commercial and financial aristocracy of "Vienna. The marriage ceremony, as is usual among the leading Hebrew families, took place in the evening, and at the house of the bride's father. It was celebrated in the ball-room soon after 6 o'clock, and at its conclusion all the wedding guests were entertained at a most superb banquet. It is, perhaps, unnecessary to speak of the magnificence which marked every stage of this most festive occasion. The mansion, which, in the splendor and richness of its internal arrangements, has few equals in England, was especially decorated for the occasion. Shortly after 6 o'clock, the guests having assembled in the ballroom, Dr. Alder, the chief rabbi, assisted by Dr. Kalisch and Mr. Green,' prepared to perform the ceremony according to the ancient rites of the Jewish religion. A velvet canopy, supported at the four corners by the bridegroom's gardens d'honneur, was carried to the upper end of the ball-room. The bridegroom, Baron Ferdinand, was then led in by his nearest male relatives and placed under the canopy. The bride, who till then remained in her own apartment, now descended to the ball-room, attended by by no less than fourteen bridesmaids, attired in pink and white. At the door of the ball- room the bride, who wore a dress of white lace, was met by her mother, who, assisted by her bridesmaids, completely enveloped her whole figure in a rich veil, which reached to the ground. She was then led into the ball-room with the same ceremony as 'the bridegroom, and placed with him"' under the canopy. All the gentlemen. guests of the Hebrew faith having pub on their hats, and the chief rabbi having pronounced a brief exhortation to the betrothed, the service was commenced in Hebrew. Like most ceremonials of the Hebrew and Orrock churches, it was very rapidly uttered. The first portion having been concluded, the bride and bridegroom drank of a cup of wine and water, and Baron Ferdinand, taking the ring,' placed it on the bride's finger, repeating slowly and distinctly, in Hebrew, " Behold thou art betrothed unto me with Hub ring, according to the rites of Moses and Israel." The marriage contract was then road, and prayers resumed. At the conclusion of these the now married couple again drank a glass of wine between them, and the glass being placed on the ground empty, the bridegroom, crushed it with his foot, all his relatives and friends wishing aloud at the same moment that the marriage might be happy, and the bride and bridegroom ob irrevocably joined as the pieces of glass were for ever sundered. At the conclusion of the ceremony the guests adjourned to the ban quoting room, where the sumptuous entertainment we have already spoken of was held. The health of " Bride and bridegroom," was proposed with much feeling by Mr. Disraeli; "The foreign guests," by the Duke of Somerset; and that of "Bridesmaids," in most felicitous terms, by the Lord Chief Justice of England. Appropriate replies were made by the bridegroom, by Baron James de Rothschild on behalf of the foreign guests, by Baron Lionel, as best, for the father and mother of the bride, by Baron Nathaniel for the father of the bridegroom, and by Mr. Osborne for the bridesmaids. Later in the evening the baroness gave a ball, which was attended by his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, the Duchess d'Aumale, and by all the leading members of the aristocracy and fashionables. Train a NoTsnEM,.?Dr. Attfield, Director of the Laboratories of the Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain, has published a very interesting account of the result of an examination which he has made of the Rotarians of Western Central Africa. A few ounces of dry hard fragments of these nuts were placed in his hands by Dr. Daniell, who stated that in the fresh state they were largely used as an article of food and medicine by the natives of Western Central Africa that he had once partaken of the fresh nut the effect being that he was kept awake for many hours that he therefore inferred that they must contain a principle similar to that which exists in tea, coffee, &c.; namely, their j and that he had, in fact, by a rough chemical process, she needed in obtaining crystals resembling those in appearance. As a medicine, the fresh nut, Dr. Daniell said, was esteemed of great value in diarrhoea and affections of the river j and that, indeed, for all purposes it was in the fresh state that the nut was generally employed, portions being chewed, the juice swallowed, and the solid part ejected from the month. If the nuts were allowed to become dry they were considered to have depreciated in value, and then were only allowed by the lower classes of the natives. Dr. Attfield has determined the presence of them in dry Rulanut in the proportion of about two per cent. Coffee contains from 15 to 20, and tea from -3 to 3-5 parts in 100. So that the Kola nut really has a considerable food value. The discovery of iodine in the food materials of an African race of people is very interesting. It is well known that coffee, tea, cocoa, match, Paraguay tea, and guardian, which constitute, the beverage of the European, American, and Asiatic peoples, have been selected by an unerring instinct, which has divined in each plant the remarkable alkaloid? thine. Different in botanical characters, varied in general, not very unlike in flavor, they have been instinctively chosen as containing this valuable acting principle. The investigation of the food value of the solanum is thus one of particular interest, and which will, we hope, be carried further. Lancet. ¦ Felonious Assault nv A Kanoa-boo.?Tho Grenville Advocate says A reliable correspondent furnishes us with the following remarkable instance of a kangaroo running away with a lad. It occured at the mail tent, midway between Wickliffe, and Dunkeld, on the Hamilton road to Portland. It appears that a kangaroo dog, about three weeks since, was in pursuit of on old man kangaroo, and stuck him' up. The lad, James Whitington, fearing that the dog would get the worst of it, ran with all haste to the dog's assistance, but no. sooner did the kangaroo see him than the boomer seized the poor follow by the body, and carried him a distance of forty yards towards a dam that was close by, evidently with the intention of making short work of him by drowning him therein. The lad says he had a knife in his pocket at the time he was being carried away, but the kangaroo hold him so firmly in his grasp that he was prevented from cutting the throat of his intending murderer. At last the faithful dog, who had attacked him first, came to the rescue, and saved his master from a premature death by drowning. Shocking Suicide. A suicide of a most desperate and determined character was committed by a a young man named Barrett, on Monday morning last. The deceased was a compositor employed in the office of this paper, and on the morning in question he was severely reprimanded by Mr. Rowan, the proprietor of the paper, for being late at his work. On being ¦ censured, deceased appeared very restive, and spoke in a style strangely at variance with his Usually respectful manner. He said he was willing to leave the office of any moment, and would leave is that morning of Mr. Rowan wished it. Mr. Want objected to his going immediately, but gave deceased notice to quit his service in a fortnight, in accordance with the practice of the trade. The a quarrel so far ended, but, about ten minutes apterSwds, saw Rowan, having reflected on what he believes to be the impertinent language of the deceased, re-entered the office and told Barrett he would take him at his word, and that he might leave at once. At this intimation the deceased appeared for a moment to grow stupid or be- wildered, but merely saying " Very good," he left, and went into his bedroom. In a short time afterwards he went out, and spoke to two or three powers, none of whom noticed the least peculiarity in his demeanor. He then entered Mr. Gibson's store and asked to see some large shot, stating that he wanted it for 'possums. Mr. Gibson showed him the largest lid kind and he put a little on the palm of his hands of around it, and, appearing to be satisfied, he bought a pound and a-half, to make the even shilling. He did not pay for it, but told Mr Gibson to book it, as he had no' money. He then returned to his bedroom, and in a short time he went into the office, the boot and stocking of the right foot being off. He had stripped" his foot with the intention, no doubt, of using his too to press down the trigger of the gun, which was the instrument of his death. This was the last time he was seen alive. He stopped at the office but for a very short time, and appeared to be looking for something, after which he again returned to his room. In about half an hour afterwards a sharp sound was heard as if proceeding from the room of the deceased. The sound, although loud enough to attract more than usual attention, was not by any means sufficiently loud to be thought the report from a gun. Mr. Rowan, who was in the office at the time, thought the, sound was occasioned by Barrett striking the comer of his trunk, in packing his clothes, against the wooden partition dividing his room from the room adjoining; as many persons, while in a passion, are given to moving things about violently. Another and a sadder explanation, however, was not long in presenting itself. One of the boys in the office having occasion to pass Barrett's bedroom, saw blood flowing from under the door. . Mr. Rowan was at once informed, and putting the two facts to- gether the strange, loud sound, and the flow- ing of the blood? the worst was apprehended and more than realised. Finding the bedroom door locked, after three ineffectual attempts to burst open the door, Mr. Rowan sent for assistance, and in the meantime seizing a mallet - and a chisel, which happened fortunately to be at hand, he broke through a panel of the door, and when the aperture was sufficiently large, Mr; Woodhead, who was one of the first to are Five, saw the key in the lock inside, and putting in his hand unlocked the door. On trying to open the door it was found that the body of the deceased was lying against it on the floor j but on displacing it sufficiently to gain an entrance, the spectacle that presented itself was truly appalling. The room was, without doubt, a real chamber of- horrors. The deceased was found with his shoulders partly supported by the partition, and his feet under the bed. His skull and the upper part of his loco were blown to pieces. The jaw bones were completely gone. Parts of the head, from the size of a sixpence to pieces as large as the palm of one's hand, were to be found in all directions. Some of the pieces had the hair attached; while others were blown so, long and dry by the force' of the explosion, that they looked as if they had formed a part of an articulated skeleton. Not three square inches of the walls of the ceiling: could be found that was not covered by either blood or brains. From the marks on the walls it was clear that the deceased had placed the stock of the gun on the floor, and that he had bent his body forward so as to insert the muzzle of the gun into his mouth, being otherwise in an erect position. He then pressed the too of his naked foot on to the trigger, and hurried his soul into eternity. In a book in the room he had placed a letter, addressed to Mr. Flynn, foreman in the office, at present on a visit to Ballaarat. The letter furnishes no clue as to his motive for committing the dreadful deed. At the inquest the jury returned a verdict to the effect that deceased destroyed himself whilst laboring under temporary insanity. Wanga ratta Despatch, September 7. The PEnioDiOAn Plaque ov Biran Loatebs'. How much longer, we may ask, do settlers ? intend burdening themselves with the support of the thousands of swagmen that perambulate the country for eight months out of the twelve ? Are those parasites to be a chronic nuisance until the close of the century, or will their annually increasing numbers compel squatters to uniformly decline being further imposed on We say imposed advisedly, for what is it but imposition for men to travel down a river for hundreds of miles in search of work, when they know there is little or no chance of obtaining it, and without any funds to pay their way ? To say that such men have a claim to hospitality is not consistent with the most favorable view of their position, and as for being fit objects for charity, we do not suppose they themselves would advance the plea. Why then will settlers continue a system, the necessity for which has passed The hospitality, or charity, whatever it may be called, defeats its end; instead of benefiting, it injures the recipients, inducing idleness and crime, and withdrawing from the colony the labor of many strong men. If, instead of loafing and consuming food at others' cost, these men were absorbed in the general producing population, they would add much to the wealth of the country, and that they do not do so is the fault of the ill-advised good nature of the settlers. In raising our voice Against the system, we believe we serve both masters and men. The thorough bushman, even though he should periodically spend his' cheque, would never be injured by the curtail- ment of free rations i nay, if out of employ and seeking for work, he would be frankly welcome at any station and instead of being, as now, sent down to the travellers' hut, and have to mix with and be classed as an idle scamp, he would be received, as in years gone by, and not be long before he was again in honest work. To cut off supplies without notice would create much realdistress,andprobably starvation! but if, when all laborers are fully employed at shearing, this notice be given, there will henceforth be no excuse for the extra hands squandering their money, and remaining in the districts where they cannot possibly be employed. That it is the duty of squatters to make a stand against the extortion, there is no doubt, but whether they do so now or not, it is certain that, by the publicity given to the plenty and abundance awaiting the town loafers who have the courage to leave the streets of Melbourne for a pastoral tour, the ranks of the travellers will be swelled to an extent compelling settlers to close their doors. If we mistake not, the. advanced guard of this metropolitan army has already tasted of the sweets of idleness in the bush, and their friends when convinced of the settlers liberality, will come in such swarms as to make a cook's mate a necessity to the man already told off to supply the wants of travelling swag- men Pastoral 3 times. An American barrister commenced his reply to some pungent, remarks of a professional brother as follows :?" May it please the Court, Resting on the couch of republican equality as I discovered by the blanket of constitutional panoply as I am and protected by the regis of American liberty, oh I feel myself to be dos pass the buzzing of the professional insect who has just sat down, and defy his futile attempts to penetrate with his puny sting the interstices of my impervious covering-" 