f^ClÁírSANITAET, AND SCIENTIFIC. THE GREEK AUGURS. The augurs, whom the Greeks had borrowed from the Chaldeans, formed in Greece a special college, whose mission was to interpret the will of the gods, and predict the future, by means of natural phenomena, such a thin ider, lightning, &c.; The augurs also predicted the future from the cities and flight of birds, and by the appetite, holtby or otherwise, of the sacred fowls. Cicero, who believed very little in the augurs, tells us, that when the priests wished to give some great personage a favorable omen they kept the fowls in a fasting state, so as to make egg, when the right moment arrived, that they would pick the grain voraciously. Cato, top;' used to say to his friends that he was finished. how two augurs could meet without lying at each other. The Haruspices luV$uty of examining the livcr,entrails, and" quivering flesh of the victims burnt in honor of the gods. The sacred college of tn'ëHaruBpices, though it had fallen into dis- credit, continued its sacrifices at Rome till the year 419 of our era. At that date St. BönünceobtainedfromtheEmperor Honorius »'«5^. which pronounced a sentence of trains Plantation on the mathematician soothsayers. jf,| the same period, the bishops ordered their books to be. publicly burned. Sorcery, however, still continued in the Eternal City until the advent of Pope Sixtus Quintus, who is sued a month proprio, which freed his capital in soothsayers and astrologers. It seems a room Calniet's legions of friends did not commence their aid. By the way, we may as Will furnish here a list of the chiefs of Hades, as given by the reverend father, who may be supposed to know something about the matter, as in a single morning he counted up) no fewer than thirty thousand one hundred and fifty demons of all sorts and Ps. ' Here are the names of the principal real rulers 1 Lucifer, the monarch ; ielzebuth, second chief and prime minis- ter'; 3. Astaroth, prince of the thrones; 4. Behemoth, commander-in-chief 5 Belphe for,' second general ; 6. Sabbathan, colonel ; 7\. graph's, centurion ¡ 8. Finetail, aide-de afffip ; "at thirteen thousand other officers of, various grades. According to Grecian mythology, the sacred art of alchemy, known as the hermetic art, was revealed by the god Hermes Trismegistus to the first priests of the temples of Thebes and Memphis. These Priests certainly employed, in painting their hieroglyphics, colours which attest their extensive acquaintance with chemistry. From the day when metal was first melted in a crucible, the operators were necessarily struck by the phenomena that took place under their eyes. The mixture of various metals produced masses of different colours and Copper mixed with zinc formed an alloy imitating gold. The melters drew from this natural result the conclusion that it was possible to transmute metals and alchemy thus Started into life, and was speedily followed by the search after the philosopher's stone. She most ancient works on alchemy are attributed to Hermes ; but, in fact, they do not' date beyond the Alexandrian school. When this city was captured and pillaged for" the fourth time by the Arabs in 642, into hermetic science disappeared, and did not rise again until the kingdom of the chiefs had been established on the ruins of the old empires. The hermetic are received under the Arabs the name, half-Arabic, half Creak, of alchemy and since this epoch we Ppdifémarkable men in all countries seeking thje^ptyloBopher's stone, up to the time when chemistry, by becoming a positive science, was stripped of all the phantasmagoria of' olden times Temple Bar. 49s SOURCE OF HEAT IN THE SUN. It becomes necessary now that the present state of our knowledge of the physical constitution of the sun should be examined. It is' regretted that it is not possible to give the steps by which discoveries have been made, or to discuss the claims of all the numerous laborious observers to whom we are indebted for them. A general review of the subject is all that our space allows, and the high claims of those astronomers whose names appear not in this article are by no means disallowed. When the sun is viewed through powerful telescopes, its sur lace-that is the luminous envelope of the mass-is seen to have a peculiar mottled or curly appearance. Arago proposed that this envelope should be called the " Photos- phere," a name now generally adopted. By the elder Herschel the surface of this photo- phere was compared to mother-of-pearl.Otber aStronomers have said that it resembles the parish on a'tranexuil summer day, when its surface is slightly grasped by a gentle breeze, and an undulating play of light is reflected from these little billows. Irregular lines of light and sent back from the crests of the small waves, and lines of shadow indicate the Hollows. Within the last few years Mr. j^asnïytli has discovered a more remarkable condition than any that had previously been inspected. Examining the solar surface with a fine telescope of great penetrating power, this astronomer has discovered ob- sects which are peculiarly lens-shaped, He himself describes them as more like will few leaves" than anything else ; but some other observers, since their discovery, have likened them to rice grains and others, again, to some forms of Di.itomacca). These leaves forms are different in size ; they are not arranged in any order ; they lie crossing each other in all directions and they have all regular motion amongst themselves. They are, says Mr. Nasmyth, " arranged without any approach to symmetrical order in the details, but rather (if the term may be used in a sort of regular random scatter- rug." Theyareseenapproachingto&ud; receding from each other, and sometimes assuming new" angular positions, so that the appearance resulting from the combination of simultaneous motions amongst those forms, has been compared to a dense shoal of fish, which indeed, they resemble in shape. Plato Vii., which we have given, conveys a good notion of this. The size of those objects gives a grand idea of the gigantic scale upon which physical operations are carried out in the sun. They cannot be less than a thousand miles in length, and from two to three buns <kre4 miles in breadth. The most probable conjecture which has been offered respecting those leaf or lens like objects, is that the photosphere is an immense ocean of gaseous matter j in' a state of intense incandescence, and that they are perspective pro- jections of the sheets of flame. Whatever they way be, it is evident they are the immediate sources of solar light and heat. Here we have a surrounding envelope of photogenic matter, which penetrates with ttUgbty energies, and by communicating its Motion to the ethereal medium, in stellar space, produces heat and light in far dis , tant worlds. We have said that these forms have been compared to certain organisms and Herschel says, ' Though it would be too daring to speak of such organisations as caretaking of the nature of life, yet we do ilibwthat vital action is competent to deve Osbert light, and electricity." Can it be that there is truth in this fine thought they. the passings of vital matter in the central sum of our system, be the source of all that life which crowds the earth, and Without doubt overspread the other planets, " to which the sun is the mighty minister ? ' farmer Science Review. NOTES ON ORGANIC CHEMISTRY ,'. No organic life has yet been proved to exist, except as a consequence of previous life standing towards it in a more or less " obvious parental relation. Science has done nothing perhaps never can do anything in the way of showing how life began ; but having certain living beings (before us, we can trace their offspring from their first germs to their completest forms. We do not know why or how life is connected with organisation ; but whenever the organisation with which it is connected either builds up, or takes to pieces, a chemical compound, we have good reason for believing that it does i so in a manner analogous to that which a chemist can employ. Already the chemist can make a great many of the peculiar substances found in living beings ; but if he could make them all, he would not, therefore, be able to produce living beings. He would simply have imitated certain processes which such beings perform, and as in the legend of Prometheus, the fire from heaven would still be wanted to complete his work. The mystery of life is beyond the reach of physical science, but no sound thinker ascribes to life-that is, to an unknown and mysterious principle- actions that belong to the physical world. So far as a living organism is a chemist, it acts like other chemists; so far as it is a mechanic, it acts like other mechanics; and all processes that are obviously chemical or mechanical will be explainable according to the laws of science, whether they take place in organic structures, 'or in the laboratory or workshop of human. ' Natural laws maintain their own course without conflict and with- I out real antagonism. in the highest living being, that which is chemical is as much so as in the earth on which they tread. Quali- ties and properties beyond chemistry they may possess in abundance, but all the chemical work they do or suffer proceeds exactly in the way which chemical laws prescribe, and without interference from any higher laws which other portions of their nature may obey! When Leonidas defended his country at Thermopylae, when Socrates, emptied the hemlock draught, the divine element in human nature did not change the character of physical processes, and the brain which was animated with their thoughts suffered certain particles of phosphorus to be oxydised, just as might have taken place in a chemist's spoon. These views have been growing in the most advanced minds for a long time. They were perceived by those who took the grandest views of nature's operations, and traced in all an intellectual unity corresponding with the highest conceptions man can form of the one ultimate source of everything that exists. But those who looked only to chemistry, as it existed a few years ago, thought otherwise, and M. Berthelot cites a passage from so distinguished a man as Gerhardt to the effect that " the formation of organic matter depends on the mysterious action of vital force, an action opposed and inconstant strife with what we regard as the cause of ordinary chemical action." He added that what the chemist did was opposed to vital action ; " he burnt, he destroyed, he worked by analysis ; while vital force operated by synthesis, and reconstructed the edifice which chemical force pulled down." Intellectual Observer. DUELLING. The theory of duelling was based on the assumption that every gentleman must be skilled in the the use of the weapon which The were daily by his side. The theory was handed down from times when such was really the case, when every man of birth, not a churchman, hold his life " by the cross of the sword," as Rob Roy says and when consequently, such inequalities of swordsmanship as afterwards became general, and such characters as the professed duellist, were alike impossible. Duelling under these conditions really was what it was intended to be a protection to the weak, without becoming an instrument of intolerable tyranny in the hands of bullies. It equalised' the physical strength, and in some degree the social power, of the two combatants for a poor man, though at a very great disadvantage in seeking for redress against a duke by the ordinary legal means, might nevertheless, if a gentleman, bring him foot to foot upon the turf with himself, when not all the great man's riches, nor retinue, nor influence, could avail him one atom against the glitter- ing point which rose within a foot of his throat. Duelling then, in theory, was a generous concession on the part of brute force and superior rank to the weaker and less influential side. Unchristian it confessedly was, and we are not to be supposed to be defend- ing duelling in the abstract. . But it was not to be avoided by recourse to a substitute, which it is the only apology for duelling to have kept down- we mean superior physical strength for gentleman are not supposed as a mere matter of course to understand the use of their fists in a scientific sense; nor, even if they were, would pugilistic science go nearly as far as gladiatorial science towards redressing the difference of size and weight in an encounter of the kind we are now supposing to take place. It was not, we believe, because duelling was un- christian that society discarded it, for men do equally unchristian things every day' which they excuse by custom or by passion, but because it was found that its abuse was greater than its use that the toleration which it secured to ruffians was greater than the protection which it afforded to honest men. If this were so when duels were fought with swords it was so twenty times as much when they came to be fought with pistols. For even the worst swordsman has some little knowledge of his weapon, whereas the worst pistol-shot would hardly hit a haystack. As men did not carry pistols they did not as a matter of course acquire skill in the use of them, and the facility thus afforded to any man, who chose to make himself expert, for domineering over the rest of the world became too great to be endured. These were the successive steps in public estimation by which duelling descended to its present well deserved disgrace. But a hundred years ago it seems to us that no one individual had a right to take upon himself to lay down the law upon the subject, much less by acting that very part which duelling was meant to make impossible-the part, namely, of the bully.-M'asers's Magazine. SMOKING AT ETON The plague, of which the Eton scholars had been so much afraid in Elizabeth's days, returned again with far greater virulence in KJfi2, and the following years. It does not seem that on either occasion it was very fatal in the school itself at least, but few deaths are recorded in the Eton registers. But it gave rise to a remarkable ordinance as to the use of tobacco, which con- trasts curiously with modern Eton rules. Let old Thomas Hearne give it in his own words : Even children were obliged to smoak ; and I remember that I heard formerly Tom Rogers, who was yeoman beadle, say that when he was that year a schoolboy at Eaton, all the boys of that school were obliged to sneak in the school every morning, and that he was never whipped so much in his life IIB he was one morning for not Btnoaking,"-Biaiy, ii. 449. Later Eton reminiscences connect the whippings with smoking in a different way -Blackwood's Magazine. A SENSATION FIDDLER. Anew sensation has been produced at the Operetta House this week, under the startling title of Paganini's Ghost." Paganini's ghost is in fact, no ghost at all, but simply a very clever artist whose name does not appear in the playbills or advertisements who, possessing some fancied resemblance to the great violinist, has improved the likeness by copy- ing his peculiarities of dress and habit, and with an eccentricity more wonderful still, chooses to appear before his audiences in the unnatural glimmer of the lime light. The appearance of the unknown artist in his quaint dress and cadaverous appearance, rendered ghastly by the greenish reflection of the lime-light, certainly produces a strange, though not perhaps quite a pleasing sensation in the mind of the beholder. Scotsman, 