OUR LONDON LETTER. JUNE 26TU, 1865. The Percy of Hobart Town arrived in London on the 12th of this month. Every inhabitant of Tasmania will regret to hear that Bishop Willson, who wns a passenger by her, had a paralytic stroke when off the Horn. Afterwards the voyage seemed to do him good, but on his arrival in Kngland he was bv no means in good health, and was far from having recovered. Mr Thomas Arnold, son of the late Dr Arnold of Rugby, and ten years ago inspector of schools in Tasmania, who about that time since was re ccivcd into the itomsn Catholic Church, has reentered the Knglisb Church. During the month another well-known convert to the Churcli of Rome, Mr Palgrave, sou of the late .Sir Francis Palprave, historian and keeper of the records, has publicly renounced his profession of Catholicism and re-entered the Protestant church. Mr Palgrave was regarded as one of the most prominent men in Oxford some years dg i. He became a J convert to the C hurcli of llome. and snbse-I quently a je-nit. In that capacity he went i on a secret political mission lor the Emperor ! Napoleon into the heart of Arabia. He has ] traversed that cnuutiy more than any other living Kuropcan, and is Fa d to be the best Arabian j scholar in Kngland. His worlc on Arabia has , just appeared, and, in fact, is the great book of . the year. He completely upsets all our old notions of Arabia, aa a great desert with a few wandering tribes, getting a living no one knows bow. lie bids us think of a fertile and beautiful country, surromided liy a belt of wretched burning sand, a couniry well governed, highly civilized, and capa'ule like .Japan of providing all its resources within itself. The elevation of l)r Manning to the Archbishopric of Westminster is one of the most notable events of the year. Dr Manning would have been sure of success had he remained in the Knglish Church. Since lie left Oxfiird lie has always been a man of mark. It is peiKr.illy understood that he is to he appointed Cardinal also, in him the Ihurch of Home possesses a very different type of man from that she pnsfes-.d in Cardinal IVisemau. The latter was ' dignified, stately and non-.iggressive. Dr Man- ' mug enters into his work with all the zeal 1 of 'i ; a """ convert 'I he difference between "" " the two is ! just the d.fference between the old Efiglish ; (_.;itlmlicsaud the new converts from the English i Church. The loriner have never cared to iron- J blc uther people about their views provided they were left to perfect freedom of worship and had granted to theiu ill their i i^hts ns Englishmen : tile converts leave them far behind iu zeal and arc determined out of their fullness of love to convcrtall of us. Dr Manning tells us distinctly that the greatest work ol the age-irto-be the reconversion of Kngland, and about it he seems to be very hopeful. There are no doubt a good many things which look favorable to him. Dr Cummiug showed in a letter to the • Times' that the liomrin Catholics were increasing numerically in very considerable numbers. At the consecration of the New Archbishop it is siid that there were as many as a hundred priests in the church who had been members and moil of'them also clergymen of the JCntf'i h Church. Jivery month we heir of conversions, and such returns as those of .Mfssrs Arnold and I'algravc are rare There is this to be said however:—that the conversions themselves are not made through any influence of the Church of Rome but tbrougfl altogether exterior influences, (she is not seeking men, but men are seeking her, The 6pread of High Churchism throughout Kngland is the great source of Roman Catholic increase. Everywhere there arc new practices being introduced into the linglish Church. Brother Ignatius with his worship of a wax doll on Good Friday and his crawling up to the altar is hardly an exaggerated specimen of what is going on. Here, for example, is what is to be seen every Sunday in my own parish church which is very far from being one of the worst in London. All the service is intoned. The litauv iB said by a priest kueeling iu the middle of the church on the bare bricks. At every "gloria" in the Psalms the congregation bow down their heads while it is being sung. Duringthecommunion service candles are lighted on the altar and kept burning during the whole time of "high communion," the choristers when passing thsaltar invariably kneel; the altar itself is furnished with a magnificent cloth richly enblazoned, and on it stands a handsome crucifix, Duri n S the 6,n & i "g of tbe Nicene Creed, at the words d ff c "bing the incarnation m«ny of the , con 8regaUon kneel. The robes worn are first® straight bkok gown surmounted by a very short white one, but afterwards we have a glimpse of green and a variety of colours. I never go without being struck by t'le very artistic way in which during the commnninn service and after the sermon the priests pose themselves before tbe altar. The rich altar cloth, the colored woods, the "chasubles" I believe tbey are called, the rich tile formed back ground to the altar, the vases of flowers and the cross decked also with flowers form a tout mumble which is not to be met with every day. The singing again is fine, although our grandmothers would be as much puzzled with the " intriots" as Janet Ueddes was with the collects. At the commencement of the rermon instead cf the collect and Lord's Prayer, all tbe congregation stand, tbe minister (who by the way reaches in a surplice without any hood) raises Eis hand and pronounces the words " In the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost; Amen." and then the sermon begins. You will see that there is no principle involved in this, but that like the cut of tbe dresses, and of the altar cloths it is done simply to make the Church of Kngland like the Church of Home. During the sermon, whenever the name Jesus is mentioned all bow What I have described is as I have said not one of the most extreme churches. We have no incense, and the men and women are allowed to sit together, instead of on different sides of the central aisle, as in iome churches. Oi course, in all churchcs of this character the priests and choristers proceed to ! their places by walking iu slow time round the J church singing psalms to miuor chants. Ail this may be very pretty, but it can hardly be ! called protestantism, anil when people get thus , far and listen to transubstantiation or, to be more precise, consub- tantiatiou, it is hardly to be wondered at that they should go where, after all, they manage this kind of thing so very much better. 1 have been led to writing about the Euglieh high church movement principally I wanted to shew that any increase M the Church ot Home is not to be wondered at. 0ne C(m iuimire a ^ ^ of that church wbo goes in for the supremacy of the Pope, infallibility, and all that Protestants protest against, ; • but it becomes sometimes difficult to be charitable enough to believe in the honesty of men who, calling themselves protestuut, practice and teach everything that has been protested against, and that constitutes protestantism. I The war in America is over. The fleets are returning to the dock yards; the regiments are bring rapidly disbanded anil the sold<ers are . returning to the farms, their desks, and their counters. The fiuest sight seen in the world since the disbanduitnt ol Cromwell's army is being seen iu America' The large volunteer armies of the republic, for such most of them were, arc being quietly broken up, and America instead of having to maintain the enormous military : expenditure which is the load weighing down ' every country in kurope practically disbands her army, sure in the country's, that is in her own, strength, that she will be able to raise it again whenever it may be wanted. With the cause of the South has perished the Southern party in lOngland. There are a few fossil tones, who would be found to advocate protection and the house of Stuart, perhaps, who still maintain their defence of the South. But as a rule we are all Northerners together. The North has won, the North isull that is good. The South has lost, therefore slavery was wrong. Nothing succeeds like succets, say our gallant allies, and so were all Northerners. A few of us o doubt did abuse the North when we were told they were getting beaten, but that is all past; so hurrah for the North. Is there a reader in Tasmania who does not .know that Lord I'.rougham was a supporter of the Snuth, I have an 'Advertiser' by me now, in which the noble lord's name is quoted property enough as one who believed the North to be in the wrong. Hut the North has succeeded so, wius avons change tout cell, and a fortnight ago he announced in the Lords that he had always been a firm believer in the justice ol the cause of the North, and an admirer of their institutions. Tlit tinnouucement, curiously perhaps, took men by surprise but no one can trust his memory in such a matter and Lord brougham knows best no doubt. Only, those ftupidreportersanJthosevenalnewspapers. Only, then, in September,—what year does the reader guess ? 1864,—his lordship happened to make use of these words; "Some good men have been | duped by the pretext that the North fight to , 1 tactile slave, whereas the Emancipation edict was a mere belligerent measure, and an after thought; tiiey caring no more for the freedom of the biuck than they do for that of the white. Hut it had been reserved for the latest act of the tragedy to see that Government when destitute ofoiher troops drive herds of the uuhappy negroes to slaughter with no more remorse than spo ting men feet in cleaning a preserve," IJow malicious to bring such a passage to light again! lint it is tiuc that the North has the power of " duping" t»oad men to believe in them, for tliey hive even duped the noble lord himself. When sceptics, for there are sceptics even on such a question as the, say memory, of even Lord Uroughun, ventured in their infidelity to coulit v. hat he had said, the nolile lord took the occasion (l ist Monday) to give their doubts a quietus for ever by declaring n the Mouse of Lar,is that, the conduct of the United States Government had been perfect upon the subject of slavery, and he was astonished" (Ucmomber, Lord Brougham was astonished) But the war over, the tisk of reconstruction is now beginning, and anyone who has heard or Been nuything of the demoralizition which took place in the West Indies, alter the abolition of slavery will not need to be informed t.'.at the States have got a terribly difficult task before them. There is not an instance in the world's history ofa race of slaves having been changed into a nation of free men without enormous difficulty. A loses tried it, but even be failed. Forty years had tbe Israelites to wander in the wilderness bifore they were fit 11 euter the Promised Land. Only two of those who had left Egypt were allowed to become free citizens of the -Livinely established republic. The slave population sighed for the flesh pots of ligypt. The whole history of the world shows the same difficulty. (>ur emancipated slaves ia the West Indies are lazy, and are only of late tears carin" . 0 10 amaes property. In the Southern States, patters «re worse, from the fact that their boa- at the utterly groundless reportswliich injudicious friends of tbe Union h id propagated of him, as if he had taken the part of the slave traders and sluve- inongers of the rioiit.Ii." Thus, it is that we have nil been duped and have all become Northerners. 'I he great Republic, however, is going steadily on towards the completion of its work. Kver'y rebel has surrendered. Tli.e leaders are in prison. Four millims of slaves, amidst the applause of every civilised nation, have been set free. The young giant uatioi, governed, as Cobden said in the last speech he maJc, " by pu e reason," has seltleddowu again to itsevcry Jay's work.atid is witnessing already the signs of th,it progress which at its present rate ofiucrease will within the lifetime of those now living, produce a nation of a hundred million free Un;;ltsb spoking, Unglisli institution-loving uicn. in the Stites nlone. With ail North America Knglish and with all Australia settled, the Anglo-Saxon race will, within the next century, be a far more dominant rate than any which has ever existed in the world ; and while all these Utiglish nations date common existence from Magna Charta. it may now also be boasted of them that slavery is still the hateful and impossible tiling which it has always been held to be by the leaders of the race. dage has been much more severe, and that it has been a penal offence to give instructions to them. Then there is a good deal of ill-feeling towards the negroes by the Southerners, and by those in the North who have been sympathisers, in the South. Even among those who have supported the government throughout the war it is quite creditable that there are those who may have been quite willing to engage in a war to do the simple act of justice of setting the men free, but who, at the same time, have no love for the negroes. Our navvies and street sweepers, ehimuey sweepsrs and lowest class of laborers have as much right to freedom as the peers themselves but still we would rather not go by train iu tbe same carriage wita them. The negro is the lowest class of laborer in America, and to make his case worse the treatment he has received at the South has influenced many in the North. We may be sure of this, however,that the grand act of justice having been done to him, tbe North will not neglect to fulfil its duty, though that du ty should give her trouble as it probably will for j'ears to come The trial of Jefferaon Davis, who it appears, was caught in his wife's petticoat has not yet taken place. It may be of interest to Tasmanians to know that the renegade rascal, John Mitchell, who when he made his cscape from Tasmania as soon as he reached America published an accouut in which be gave the names of all who hadassi ted him, is now in New York, editing a southern paper the " Daily News." A few monthsago he was in Richmond, editing the " Examiner." After the capture of that city he went to New York and is there still at his old work of abusing Kngland and endeavouring to bring about illfeeling between this country and America. The evidence on which Johnson accused Davis of complicity in the assassination plot has been published. If the witnesses were trustworthy it would clearly establish his guilt. The general impression,even in America,seems to be that they are not. It is not worth while to comment on the question until we have all the evidence before us. The North is dealing with all the rebels with great moderation and it is not improbable that not a single one will be executed. It has been asserted that Davis has been heavily ironed, but the ascrtiou rests solely on the authority of the 'New York Daily News' the southern organ edited by the scoundrel Mitchell. Among the many expression of opiuiou which the Northern war has given rise to, one of the most eloquent is from the Count de Montalembert, the Frenchman whose eloquent pamphlet on England and her institutions created such admiration some four or five years ago. After showing that the war lias been for the purpose of abolishing slavery ho eloqnently asks: — " But ought we indeed to rejoice and bless God for this victory ? I answer without hesitation— Yes I It is right to thank God, because a great nation has aroused itself and for ever purified itself fro n a hideous leprosy, which gave to every enemy of liberty a pretext and an argument for reviling it; because it is at this moment justifying all the hopes that were reposed in it; because we have need of it, and it is restored to us penitent, triumphant, and saved. Yes, it is right to thank'God, because that leprosy of slavery has disappeared under the sword of the conquerors of llichmond, extirpated for all future time from the only great nation, wb;ch together with Spain, was still iufectcd by it; because ! that great market of men is closed J for ever and never more for all future time upon j the glorious continent of North America 6li»ll a I human being, made in the image of God, be set up to auction to be knocked down, and given over wiih his little ones, and with their mother ns a prev to the caprice, the cruel selfishness, the infom ois gain, or the vile passions of one of his own species. Yes, it is a right to thank Hod, because iu this grout and terrible struggle between servitude and freedom, freedom has remained vi-.torions; freedom, which among ourselves has often been the victim of blunders, treachery, aud disorders, and has so often been comprised aud dishonored by false friends and unworthy champious, had great need of one nf those great changes ol'f'orluie, which, perforce, open tbe eyes of all men to its inestimable importance. Yes, it is right, to thank God, because according to the most trustworthy testimony this victory has remained pure; because the good cause baB not been tarnished by any exoess or st lined by any crime ; because its advocates have no cause to blush for its soldiers nor its soldiers lor their chiefs, nor its chiefs for their fortuu", nor fortune itself for having crowued base desires or wicked plots " The United States had formerly been spoken of by an illustrious Frenchman as "an infant in swaddling clothes". "Well, he replies " it is uow our work to say this infant has grown u;>; it has become a man mid that man is a uiaut. This people, the subjcct of scorn, misunderstanding calumnies, and ridicule, in a crises the most terrible through whi:h any nation could piss has shown a decree of energy, self- devotion, intelligence and heroism which has put to shame its ill wishers and astounded the most ardent of its friends. It t kes its place to day on the highest step among the great peoples of the world. Above all we used to be told the American people can never carry on a war, auu if it does, whether valorous or conquered it will fail a prey to some fortunate gene- ral, some Uuonaparle who will begin by being a dictator and end by being a despot, wh i will be called by his feliow-citajus to save them, anil in exchange for saving them will demand what the Csesars demand, their honor aud their liberty. Upon this point at least the experiment has been tried, and never was prediction more str,kingly falsified. The Americans have been able lo cai ry on a war. They have done it with an energy, a spirit, and a perseverance which no one call deny. They have not become the prey of any general, of any dictator, of any Cassir. They have carried on he most difficult and most terrible of all wars, a civil war It has been on an immense scale. No modern nation, not rovoluiionary France itself, with its fourteen armies, has raised and hurled against the enemy forces so large in proportion to the population, so well disciplined, so well equipped, so steady under fire. Mere tradesmen have lavished upon the requirements of the war, their wealth with as much prodigality us the English shopkeepers in their struggle a jaiust Napoleon, and their children with a self sacrifice as heroic as that ol France in 1792 in its struggle against Europe. This is the fiftieth year since Waterloo. It has been avenged. Tbe blue ribbon of the turf, the Derby, has b?cu won by Glidiateur a French horse. In addition the French, I am afraid, will defeat us in an exhibition which is to take place iu a few weeks at the Crystal Palace Parliament is to be dissolved between the 5th and 8th July. Accordingly the newspapers arc full of clectiou news. It seems pretty clear that the next parliament will be composed of much the same men as those who compose the present- It has been asserted that Lord Palmerston is to resign and to be succeeded by, some say Earl Bussell aud some Uarl Granville. In Westminster the supporters of John Stuart Mill have been compelled to go baud iu hind w.th Captain Grosvenor, a man without braius, apparently without clear views on any subject whatever but with large family influence. In Lambeth, ilr Hughes, author <:f I'om Drawn" is a candidate, witti only, I fear, a dull prospect of success. Air Huskia is chairman of a committee, of which your correspondent is a member, fJr the support of Mr Hughes; hut iu spile ol the good wishes of the educated men throughout the Iwrough I am very much afraid that as Mr Hushes beer and spend money in the 7 U not gire will be left No 3 * orthodox sty]e K £ Lord Stanley of Alderley, whose stunirf „ to raise the postage of letters >T » pro I 1(,st l created such an outburst of vexati™ AustraI «» mouth ago has again brought forwawfi.® The London merchants waat^^^^eme. of despatching, he Indian m.iU&S; T* 4 ® weekly mail, and it appears from Tr^i f ' r 8 last Monday in the Houseof Commons tlJT arrangement can be effected AHT' 1 lhe must be extended tB China and AmtmK.*T r ' cost about L35.000 a year, and ftj, proposes to raise the money bv Tvi postage via Southampton Lp f,' 1 * instead of sixpence and vi. ,, llll n 6 from ten pence' to sixteenp^ce " ^ 8 sooner Lord Stanley of Alderlev i!' The Jericho the better. Such a i„ f a t 40 creasiue the revenue » 05Sd'ffift?* of business letters sent, and put an eu5IT 1 * 61 fourths of the private corresponded now being carried on, and which i, ; c b " to hiud the Colonies and Eu-lJ d tA « g more all thediplomaey in the ^ t u ® t ' C r 1 he Australian mail, to the best of i ledge, has not yet been heard of •r i,;? y L ' now - we have a telegram from Suez d«t», T"""^ which mentions the a r r i v a S ^ l ^ 2 ^ pose is the May mail. Uat 1S U P- 