THE EARLY CAREER OF THE NOTORIOUS BUSHRANGER, DANIEL MORGAN. To the Editor of the Launceston Examiner. Sir,—Now when everything connected with the notorious Daniel Morgan seems in- teresting to the public, I am emboldened to send the following particulars respecting the early career of that daring outlaw, which you can insert if deemed worthy of a place in your columns. It appears from the Melbourne papers that the identity of Morgan with Syd- ney Bill, alias Warrigal, alias Bill the Native, has been established beyond doubt, and as I was present at the capture of that terror to the Wimmera settlers I thought the particu- lars of his apprehension would be interesting to some of your readers. I was a trooper in the Victorian Mounted Police in the year 1854, and was, with a sergeant and three privates, stationed at Wedderburn (Mount Korong). Our pay was good, and the duties light. We were chiefly employed in escort- ing gold to Castlemaine ; and being very young and a light weight, the carrying of despatches generally fell to my lot. From time to time rumors reached our quiet station of the depre- dations committed by Sydney Bill, but the scenes of his exploits being far from our quarter no attempt was made by us to arrest him. However, one day Messrs. Swanston, Orr, and Synnott, settlers on Avoca River, reported that their homesteads had been plun- dered of various articles of value, and that amongst the rest some fine horses had been stolen. The bushranger when at Mr. Orr's, where he helped himself to a new saddle, directed one of the men at the station to inform Mr. Orr that Sydney Bill had borrowed a horse and saddle, and that if his master persisted in hunting him about the country as he had been doing lately, he would come to grief. Bill also complained that Mr. Swanston had been dodging him that morning, armed with a rifle, and swore he would take his life upon the first opportunity. A few days after this occurred Sergeant C–h—ll received in formation as to the movements of the offender, and at once set off with a black tracker, my- self, a trooper named B ---s- -ll, and Messrs. Orr and Swanston. After riding hard all day in the neighborhood of the Avoca River with gaining any reliable information, hungry and tired, we were giving up the search for that day, when just as night closed round us, we came suddenly upon a hut which we had been unable to find in the early part of the day. The blackfellow, and I were sent forward on foot to reconnoitre. I gained the hut without any alarm being given. There was a good fire in the house, and a light stood on the table. A bag had been placed before the window, so that I could not have a proper survey of the apartments, being only able to see a portion of it. I heard the voices of two men, but the tones were too low for me to catch their import. I crept away, joined my companions, made my report, and found that the black had discovered two horses in a small brush yard about two hundred yards from the hut. Certain now that Bill was not far off, we quietly surrounded the house. Just then one of the horses neighed, the rest took it up, and evidently alarmed the in- mates of the hut, for the light was blown out and not a sound to be heard. Seeing that our presence was no longer likely to remain a secret, C——l knocked at the door, de- manding admission in the Queen's name, but the owner of the mansion did not seem to possess any great amount of reverence for her Majesty, for he maintained a dogged silence. With an impatient oath B——l, who was a remarkably powerful young man, sent the door off its hinges with a vigorous push and sprang into the hut, followed by C——l and myself, Orr, Swanston, and the black re- maining outside. Lighting a candle we had a look round, and soon saw that the apart- ment did not contain our man. I now en- tered the inner room, the sergeant holding a light in one hand and a revolver in the other, B——l standing in the back ground. In a small ricketty bed I found an old man with a wooden leg, who firmly denied all knowledge of Bill or the horses. Finding all threats, even that of burning his wooden leg, in vain, we turned him out, and commenced a thorough search of the room. After lifting several boards from the floor, I approached the bed once more and observed that it had hangings which reached to the floor. Taking the light from the Sergeant I dropped on my knees laying hold of the hangings with one hand, and as the door opened inwards, I concealed myself behind its friendly shelter leaving my arm only exposed. C——l, who observed my movements with a grim smile, motioned me to proceed, and I quickly tore away the slight barrier, and sure enough there was Bill crouched in a corner with a pistol in each hand. The Sergeant broke silence first, say- ing, "Well Bill, my boy, we have met at last. I've had some fine hunts after you last winter ; but your time has come." The reply was by no means polite—"C——l, you long ghost, if you or any of your men move I'll fire, and I have enough here for you all." B——l here brought his piece to the present saying, in the reckless manner peculiar to him, "All right, my hearty, I'll lead off in another se- cond." He would have fired, but C——l stopped him. "Steady, Dick, steady, the man will give in quietly and not force us to shoot him like an old dog." Bill, having listened to the reading of the warrant for his arrest, and hearing from C——l that three men were posted outside to cut off his retreat, which being confirmed by the sound of their footsteps at the door, consented, with many curses at his bad fortune, to surrender, saying as he handed me two revolvers, "Here, young 'un, I might shoot you and one of the others perhaps, but I would no doubt lose my own life as well, and they can't hang me just yet." After he was securely handcuffed, turning to C——l, he said—"Well, long fellow, what am I worth to you now that I'm taken?" C——l answered—"A hundred pounds, Bill." With a reckless laugh, he remarked that he did not think he was so valuable an animal, and seemed to think no more of his hard fate. Upon the entrance of Messrs. Orr and Swanston, however, his manner changed ; he made frantic attempts to wrench off his handcuffs, swearing that he would have died sooner than surrender had he known they were of the party. His conduct was so violent that it took several smart blows on his head ad- ministered with pistol butts to bring to his senses the chagrined captive who continued sullen and depressed during the remainder of the night. Having now leisure to look at our prisoner, I found him a young man about 25, about the middle height, and strongly built ; his hair and whiskers, which were most luxu- riant, were coal black ; his complexion very dark, the features regular and even pleasing, the eyes large and expressive, the teeth mag- nificent. Upon the journey to Korong he was chatty and good-tempered, and laughed hear- tily at our caution in mounting him on the most jaded horse in the party. During the week he remained with us I never saw him out of temper, though closely watched ; and he expressed himself grateful for the kindness he experienced. He said he had £1000 planted near the Murray, which would be use- ful when he did his sentence. When he was removed to Castlemaine for trial he was placed in the Gold Escort cart, C——l and myself forming part of the guard. He seemed to think it a capital joke his being seated on a box full of gold ; altogether he proved himself a very entertaining vagabond. The escort stopped for the night at Carrisbrook. Bill was placed among the other prisoners confined there, and the second guard, from 9 till 12 fell to my lot. Three times did C——l visit me ere an hour had passed, so fearful was he of losing Bill and worse still the reward. He had just left me after planning a glorious spree for the next night when we would be off duty, when I heard the heavy breathing of someone near. Looking upwards towards the direction of the sound, I saw the bushy head of our friend protruding through the roof, and with right good will I brought the barrel of my carbine down upon his cranium. He fell back with a terrific crash, and the place was all alive in a moment. Bill, who had divested himself of his bracelets, and with the help of the other prisoners removed a portion of the roof, was again secured, and finally reached Castlemaine in safety, where we had our spree and Bill had an interview, with Judge Barry, who gave him a sentence of 12 years. He made an unsuccessful attempt to escape from Castlemaine. We never met again, and I little thought when perusing the papers that the blood.thirsty Morgan and my old acquaint- ance Bill were one and the same person. I have made this letter far longer than I in- tended, but having old recollections aroused, and once familiar faces called again before me, I fear I have made my communication more lengthy than agreeable. TROOPER. 