THE HAYMAEKET. Spiritualism «nd its manifestations are •boot the only thing* not used-up In this world of tmuL Ooean, iky—epaoe Itself— wonld tali figuratively to signify the bound lessness of that modern creed that exhibit* its msjeety by tarn* In table dancing, knuckle-rapping, and bell-ringing. Notwith standing hie nightly aerial flights, trape elan and otherwise, nobody will be very likely to suspect so muscular a Christian aallr. George Eldgway of spiritualism In the new sense: nevertheless, to him were we In debted on Saturday afternoon for an exhibi tion of his powers, not the least skilful of the feats by which he has won so much reputa tion, for a local display of modern necro mancy without the aid of ghosts from or in the other world. On a table In front of the stage, quite clear of any machinery ap pertaining to "hanky panky," was plaoed a chair, and thereon the performer. Several persons on invitation came forward from the audience, and bound the acrobat body and limbs to the chair, firmly as Maseppa to the Ukraine steed. The audienoe being satisfied that the performer could not loose bij hands, at least in any effort to free himself, and the end* of the fastening cords having !»—»■ plaoed behind the chair beyond reach, a calico cone, like a leviathan extinguisher, was placed over the demonstrator, who u"d"1wk to make himself a free man In four minutes. Time was takes, and a little over the seoond minute Bldgway stepped forth on the stage as graceful, ts agile, and free, as if boonding on the trapete or suspended from the aerial ladder. The popularity of Lady Don was attested by the crowd which filled every part of the theatre In the evening on the oocagion of the performance of Balfe'eopera of "The Bohe mian OH" for her benefit, and her final ap pearance in Melbourne. On such an oocagion, it seems ungenerous to oavll, but we cannot help observing that Lady Don's ambition, or perhaps a desire on the occasion to give j her numerous admirers a new theatrical sen sation, exceeded artistic discretion in taking on herself the tenor part of Thaddeue. No sentiment can cover the absurdity of a wprano undertaking the music written for a tenor, leaving all other dramatic and personal considerations out of tire question. Such an assumption la simply an attempt to violate the law* of nature. In other branches of I the drama, good voioe, a fine person, of theatrical art, the result of long practice, may conceal natural defects for a time; but on the lyric stage, for Signora to step Into Signer's shoes Is not less ab surd than if the little distressed damsel of chivalry had got Into the good knight's oolosml armour and gone a roving after ad ventures on her own aooount. It is disre spectful to the author; It la untruth to art; Itis not doing that doty which every artist owes to hi* or her audience. Oould its ten dency to coinipt, or, we should rather say, to prevent the formation of a oorreot popular taste, bo more strikingly illustrated than in the vociferous encore by a portion of the audienoe for " When the fair land of Poland V This practice of changing sexes on the stage is a growing tin against all consistency and artistic propriety; on the musical stags It is simply Intolerable. Nevertheless, Lady Don did the heat the could to pereouate the character and tire music given to Thad detl. Miss Emma Howion in Arllne, and her deter, Miss della, in the clever persona tion of the pot little miXiUan Florenstein, only repeated efforts quite familiar to Hay market audienoe*, who do not forget the pleasant impression created by their freeh votes and natural style. The part of ] the Glpey Queen was fairly sustained by Madame Stuttaford. Count Arnbeim was effectively sung and acted by Mr. Frank Howson. though, in consistency with the ruling system of this production, he rendered Mr. Balft with some variations. Mr. John Howsoa, jum, did some justice to the muslo of Devilshoot Taking into account the limited dotal resource* of the theatre, the opera was otherwise as well given as could be expected. The aadfonoe appeared highly j satisfied, and testified their feeling by general call* and bouquet*. The burlesque and pan tonine worthily brought to a clcae the en gagement of Lady Don, do Howsoa family, and a most suooeesfal pantomime season. Light semsdy and tire leatons will now for a time he the attractions. 