THE ATLANTIC TELEQKAI'll XX. rEDITION. .? (From the Special Correspondent of the Times), Valentoa, July 24, ' Before this reaches the public the Gr;at Eastern, if all go well, will already have laid some 300 miles of the Atlantic cable, will have passed over the shoal known on the submarine maps as the Irish Bank, and have settled down to her work in some 2.000 fathoms water. Nothing could possibly have been more au spicious than all the circumstances attending her departuro, both as regards weather and the mechanical fitness of all the apparatus con nected with the process of submerging. During her stay at Beerhaven all the machinery for paying out, under-running, letting go the buoy rope, &c.;, has been tested and found to answer on board the ship as well as in the factory at Woolwich. The circular guards, called crinolines, to be suspended over the cable tanks, and through the centre of which the cable will be paid out, have been: fixed, and the contentsofthe three tanks, which; have hitherto been only temporarily joined, carefully spliced together as they are to rest; at the bottom of the. Atlantic. . As the cable is: to be paid out first from the after tank, and] I next from the forward, the end of that in the \ t.mk astern has to be joined with the first part, of that ahead. For this purpose it has to be taken along the whole length of the Great Eastern's deck uuder a wooden case, which" is firmly sen wed do« n, to pro'ect it alike from accidental or malicious injury, the latter, strange ; to say, being generally con sid*red the more : formidable of the two risks. When the cable is paid out from the aftermost tank, the long " lead," as it is termed, to the forward coil will make this part of the tranBroi-Bion comparatively easy nnd safe, but passing from the forward to] the midship section is only a .short distance,' and this will.be the greatest danger of the undertaking. With a stiff wire rope passing ; out at six knots, or nearly B»ven miles an hour, ] its liability to kink in running from one coil to' ano her l-i something unpleasantly easy, while; stopping the Bpeed of the vessel is almost even' more danqerqus, an it suddenly checks some' four or five miles of heavy iron rope in its; downward course to the bottom. Almost' every accident that has occurred in laying cables, has arisen either: from passing from coil toi coil at speed, or Blowing the vessel too much to reduce.this danger,, The composite "order 'of' the machinery of the Great 'Eastern, which, enables her with her paddle-wheel engines to turn , at once astern, reduces this;,. danger,! however, to as low a risk a? possible. [ During; all the time that the vessel, has > been at-Beer haven the cable has been ? regularly- tested; through at least twice a day, and -in - every instance the signals" have been singularly clear and perfect. Beyond all question the condition of the wire iB certain to improve, if success ! fully laid, under the great compression and uniform temperature which the depths of the Atlantic will afford it. Thus, for instance, with the shore end, which was laid on Saturday, the testing on board the Caroline gave only 7,000,000 units, yet yesterday,, when it had scarcely been down some 30 hours, this rate had risen from 7,000,000 to 13,"00,000 units. The av-tage rate of perfection of the* Atlantic cable for. the deep sea portion has been 11,000,000 units, BO,that on beingjsubmerged 15,000,000 units may be safely looked for, an improvement which ought to make a difference of at least one and a half words a minute in the rate of telegraphing, or, in other words, a gain of £150,000 a year in the receipts of the com pany. The Great Eastern was warned on Saturday to keepi herpelf in reidintss for an early start at daybreak yesterday to join the Caroline, which had the end of the1 shore line op. board- It' may lie mentirn-d that the shore end of the cable, though commenced under the cliffs wi ll what setmtd a ponder.JUS bar of iron, gradually tapers into a smallor aud lighter rope bb the depth of water- and distance from the; shore increases. Under ther. cks it ia for five miles out 2j ihcheB in diameter ; /at- ten miles distance only 2 inches.; 15'miles it is reilnced to 14 inches; at'201 miles to'about-l inch, and at 25 iniW of its extreme length it merges into the ordi nary tize of the deep sea wire, with which it baB to be joined. The Caroline laid this end, as we have already described, on Saturday, carefully- buoying the laBt portion*, leaving some half-mile or W) on board her decks to form the splice. This operation was completed yesttrday; The Groat Eastorn was off Bray Head, at 9 a.m., but at such a distauca from the dangerous shore tint only thuaa provided with good glares could make out from the land where tho huge vc-ss'.-l lay, under tho ch'ud of smoke which she poured forth, aud which reached like a fog-hank across the ocean. The party who started to witness tho making of the splice and the final starting left Yuleutia in the Hawk, the Gieat Eastern's rapid tender, eoon after nine in tho morning. Among those on board were Lord John Hay, Sir R. Prel, M.P., the Knignt of Kerry, with his daughters, the Misses Fitz^rtrald, Captain White, I1N., Captain Hamilton, Mr W. H. Russell, Mr Edwards, Mrs Glass, &c.; The western extremity of Irei.uid was reached in about, an hour, and' soon afterwards the mag nifi'jont rock that carries the Skellig.Light, a wild, stupendous masB of cliff which.nmid deep water, rises from the ocean to n height of 800 feot, and which the incos'sant beat of the "Atlantic seems to have worn into seams and angry:paps ; that almost undermine its base. About-;:fifteen miles: beyond theser rockB the Great .Eastern was at rest, not moving to the dull, easy swell, though her two guards of honour, tlie .Terrible and Sphynx, were rolling slightly,; while the, Caroline, with; the end uf tho shore cable on board, nnd look ing uglier than over now that she was light and out of water, wai especially lively. ^ It is difficult to describe in any but the most mat ter-of-fact terms j the .-.routine process which marked the commencement of this-enterprise.. It had already begun when the Hawk arrived and the paddle-box boats "of the men-of-war and the cutters of the Great Eastern, were filled with, cable, which passing through. the paying-out machine astern was being slowly towed from the great ship-to the( Caroline. The operation of splicing was one of time and difficulty, for smooth-as the sea had seemed from , land .the regular heave of the Atlantic was deep enough. Sir Robert Peel, Lord John IJay, i and Mr Kussell managed to get on board the Great Eastern, but with such diffi culty that few others were induced to venture on the risk of the undertaking,,and still fewer to accomplish it. Soon after. 1 o'clock the coils of: the deep sea cable: were safely wound on board the Caroline, and the work ofsplicing them at once commenced. This was done by stripping both ends of hemp outside wires and gu'.ta percha for ,o short distance till" the copper conductor-of .the line was laid bare, and pared down to afine wedge-shaped point at either end. The connecting conductors were, then overlapped in the form known ns a ?'scarf joint, and firmly bound together with fine threads of copper wire, till the junction was ^ made even stronger than the main portions of the line.'.The threads and conductor were then soldered together thickly, and strips of soft gutta percha, like binds of brown tape, were wonnd layer over layer, and their edges closely presBed; BO as to form one homogeneous mass, till a certain tickness was completed. Then came a coating .of . insulating . material . cilled Chatterton's Gompound, and then again another layer of gutta percha tape, until the whole was encloaod in four rings of the gutta _percha and three of the Compound. The joint was then immersed in cold water for testing, and, the signals proving , perfect,. the luat protection of " hemp and outside wire was added, and the joint Bunk again into the sea that its perfectness as to conductibility and insulation might be ascertained from -the extreme end of the whole length of the cable on board the Great Eastern. It was past 4 o'clock before the last of these tests.was con eluded, not that it did not tt3C well from the first, but simply becuuse it was':ihtended to exhaust" every * trial'known to electricians before the great journey was begun. All the signals from eni to end of the wire came wonderfully distinct into the instrument room of the Receivin^-houso at the head of Foil hommerum Bay, and at 4.30 the flags on board the Caroline and Great Eastern were hauled down to show that all was ready By that time the Great Eastern, which had always kept moving her paddles at inter valsji had forged ahead of - the s Caroline some two or ''three mileB, paying out the cable slowly as she went on, and leav ingihe' latter vessel the only float by which one portion of. the wire was kept above water. The instant, however, that the flags went down, the last fastenings which held it to the Caroline were cast adrift, ;:and with a great splash the final joint of the Atlantic Telegraph and the first 30 miles of its length went down Slowly into the blue water and were out of sight. Long -before this Sir Robert Peel and Lord John" Hay had returned on board the Hawk, which 'at once steamed away,'.when the splice was turned adrift, to overtake the Great Eastern. This was very easily done, for while the latter was barely steaming five knots an hour the former was running four teen. As the tender came near the thin narrow rope of cable could be seen passing ' >' over the last wheel astern, and r 'nking gently Jnto -: the:-foam with out, attain of any kind, as it seemed for a u,om;nt or,so to float slowly aft before it dis apjirared under the swell that still kept roll ing deeply in. The after deck spotisons bridge and paddle boxes of the Great Eastern were crowded as the Hawk came alongside, and it was easy from the distance which thetender held to distinguish the faces of those on board as they .waved their hats and cheered. In the midst of this the Great Eastern tired-two guns from her bows at 5.30 to mark the com mencement of her journey, and Sir Robert Peel, mounting to the little quarter-deck of the Hawk, marked time, while three small but earnest cheers were given by the Belect com pany on board to the success of; the great en- , terpriae. : In return came back a swelling, hearty roar from all on the cable ship, as with the last salute of waving hatsand capsaud hand-' kerchiefs the tender dropped astern, leaving the Great Eastern dipping Blowly but steadily ahead, at:the rate of about six knols an hour. Both the Terrible and Sphynx were close at hahd,! contributing a little, and but a little to the huge volume of smoke which their gigantic consort spread far and wide over the sea, and /which even appeared in the'distance to taint; the blue mountains of Kerry on shore. As: long as signs could be made or hats waved the vessel-was anxiously watched, but she soon hid herself in her own Bmoke, and when the! Hawk neared the Irish coast, a mere brown cloud in the horizon was all that showed where the greatest ship in the world was steaming away to endeavour to accomplish the realization of an idea even more venturesome: and infinitely more important than that which she . herself embodied'. Hay she be sue- i cessful ! ; [Unfortunately, a late telegram conveys the' unwelcome information that the "cable-broke! after 1200 had been laid/]"oi 'Ci: -The Most Hi v. Dr H. E. Manning,. ''Arch bishop of Westminster,'* having returned from: Rome, preached his; first sermon : since his 'accession to his,new dignity, .on the* 9th/of July at the Church of St. Thomas of Canter bury, Fulhim, having" previously . assisted pontifically at high mass.' i It' was.the' feast; of the translation of the relics of the patron saint," and a relic of St. Thomas was exposed to the veneration of tbe faithful after mass*.' ' r An absurd story comes from Munich about a ghostly service held in the Protestant church: one;hight. About 8 in the evening people collected about the doors of-the closed edifice, ; attracted by the sound of singing One enthu siastic auditor-distinctly heard hymns, another could de tec t the sound of the organ,' a J third could see through the window a ghost in shirt-: -slepves flitting about the nave.' The gendarmes came and broke into the church ; there was nobody there, but the singing continued. The; infatuated public.hung abiut till 12 at night; (h'y searched the chanceljihe vestry, the organ loft and the gallery, peered, under the commu nion-table,; peeped into the baptismal font; but neither populace, soldiers, nor gendarmes could discover anything. In the morning it was found out that a couple of lusty fellows had been sitting in their room abut'ing on one end of the church, diinking beer and singing " Fidele Lieder " all night ' By some archi tectural or acoustical dispensation the sound j had penetrated into the church, and the Mu nich public took the " Fidela Liedcr " lot hymus! ". ??? 1 -? Acute for hydrophobia is Baid to hBve been nt length discovered. A- Mr James Bruce slates that the taliva of a.mad dog biiogof an alkaline nature, capable of changing vegetable blue to a green colour, the cure is to bo found in rubbing in common salt four times daily; for teu Jays, in the wound, keeping a compress of the same on the part constantly. The salt must: be.only just moistened with water, but not to bo rendered fluid. . Ho states | tlie > change wrought upon the mass of blood by these bites to be aepecios of "ac-i monioue putrefaction," and sjlt is the BpeciQc remedy for the.preservation of its .tex;ure and quality, ..In confirmed hydrophobia he advises the room of the patient to be kept constantly darkened, in order that fluids aud acidulated diinks;may be: administered, heated salt con fined in flanuel being constantly kept on the throat and abdomen to relieve - their constric tion. SPEEDY JUSTICE.-A Canadian paper states that recently, at the railway station of (he westernmi at city of Canada, a fight took place between a passenger and a townsman. The mcu were at once taken by a constable before-au alderman, tried, convicted, lined one tlnlNr cach, with costB, and Bent about their business. It was all dono in a quarter of an : hour, and tho patsenper cmibatant succeeded iu rr joining his train bsfore it left tho station, and went on Ilia way to Karma. I The oath of allegiance has been taken by 790 citizens of Sa\aan»h, since February 1st, 