INTERNATIONAL FRUIT SHOW \- .= IN LONDON.1 i "The1 Gazette of Tuesday contains a despatch fruin Mr. Card well, inviting contributions from the colony to an in ternational fruit show, to be held in London in December of the present year. Mr Card well says :— 1 should be glad if the colonists of Victoria shall be able to avail themselves of the invi tation of the society, by which I unders'and them to de.-i>e the exhibition of such fiuit and vegetables (being capable of transmission to this country) as tnny t-iiher t>e character! • tic of the Colony and not equally producible in many other parts of the world, or which, from local advantages, may be produced with greater success in the colony under your go vt rnment. The precise date fixed for the show is from the 9th to 16th December; and the prizes to be awarded are as fol low.:— 1\. The gold medal of the society will be awarded for the best c ♦llecrion of fruit and vegetables produced in the garden of sovereign. 2 The gold medal of the society for the best collect! >n ol fruit and vegetables grown by any b-itatvc or horticultural society in any part of the world. 3\. I he grid medal of the society for the best and most complete representative collec tion of fruit and vegetables from any of the colonies 4\. F»rat Banksinn gold medal for the best and most complete representative collection from the presidencies of India. 5 Certificates will be awarded for soparate cxh bdions ' of fruits and vegetables, either fresh or preserved, from all paris ot the world., 6\. The flrat gold Ivnighuan medal of the society to the exhibitor who shall obtain the greatest number of first-class cenificat* b» . 7. The seceii'l eold Knightian medal to the exhibitor who shall obtain the greatest'num-" b-r of second-c)a«s cerrificttc. 8 The second gold Ban kaian medal to the exhibi or who shall obtain the greatest uura her,of third-class certificate*. ;9. The first gol-l Bauksian medal to the ex hibitor who shall gain the greatest number of marks—-coiining first, second, and third certificate* as three, two, and ono. marks respectively." The Emperor of the French has pent a magnificent chalice in gold to the prbat of the ■unail church «>f Hoboken, near New York, \vh<»re his Majesty lived as a private gentle mnn during his stay in America The paro chial duties were performed by a good old priest, F.itUor Panoin. , Hobokin has'crown from a tiny village to n town of importance, and Louis Nap dcon Buonnparle h'S b» como Napoleon IIL The lat'er, however, has not f'irgot en old times, and has sent this splendid soiweuir to the ol 1 pri-Bt, in memory of past ki dnesr. A. Paris paper giveB same curious particu lars of the idiosyncrasies of certain aristes. Patti, for instance, is always drinking beer; Mario smokes till he drives the impresario into a fine frenzy ; Borghi Mamo comes off from an interview with her royal lover, and theFavo rila inim dhucly recruits herself with snuff. Talma used to shake hta valet for five minutes, so as to got up a "wild nir" before he.went on, and told the audience that'he had seen the ghost of his departed father. . A Lat tesV Ddeu—Madame <3e Nesle, irri tated by the attentions of the Due de Richelieu to Madame do Polienae, wrote her an in sul ing 1 ttcr, concludine " Si, du reBb®, madam<\ ces raisona ne vnus persuadent pas, j-» vons atiendrai domain, dix hcurrs de matin, an Boib de Boulogne. Mon erme est 1 pi8'olet." Th»y met, attended by their lady's maids. and it was arranged that thry should fire on reaching a scarf placed half way be tween them. Madame de Nealo fired first and missed. Madame de Polignac fired more deliberately, and wounded her rival in the shoulder; but Richelieu, for once in his life, acted like Cato, and preferred the conquered to the cosquorori 