YACHTING- INTELLIGENCE. By tho mail steamer on Wednesday tho lato Treasuror of tho K.S.Y.S. loft Sydney for England. In Mr \V. C. Dungar tho Club huro sustained a loss not easily re- placed, a gentleman and a thorough yachtsman in every sense of tho n ords, Mr Dangar was tho owner of thu well-known Peri, tho first of tho now licet. Tho Pori and her crow at all timos exhibited a degree of neatness and suilor-liko style which many of our yachtsmen find it difficult to emulate. She hus passed, B bargain, into tho hands of Mr John Cooper, who, I hope, will follow in tho footsteps of his predecessor, and maintain, with such a bonny craft under him, that position in aquatia niatters which every true born Australian biassed with wealth and independence, and possessed - of Mv* Cooper's marine habits and tastes, should do. Tho members of tho Squadron, anxious both to do honor to Mr Dangar and bid him a regular sailor's good bye, assembled on board tho following yachts in Double Bay, at 2 p.m. on Wednesday:-Alerte, Xarifa, Era, Pori, Enid, Mischief, Why Kot, Ida, Gitana, and Truant ¡ und after cruising about half au hour in tho vicinity of Bradly's Head, ran boforo tho wind aa the mail boat (tho Madras, Capt. Burne) was sighted steaming donn tho harbour. When about midway between Shark Island and Fort Donison, tho Madras stopped her engines, and tho yachts- Commodore Wulker leading in tho Alerte-ran under her storn in succession, hauling their wind, on th» starboard tack as each vessel cleared tho Madras, the crews giving three hearty cheers os thoy passed-Mr Dangar standing in the gangway waving his hat, and ovidently much gratified at the unexpected compliment. At the moment of the yachts rounding nndor the Madras, stern, the sceno was most exciting to those on board tho vessels Hying through tho wutor at tho rate of IO knots with all canvuss sot. From the shore tho view is described us ono of tho best sights witnessed in thoharbor fora long time. Being myself a. witness on board ono of thc clippers, I can only speak of it a's in tho highest dogrco exciting from that point of view. To-day tho yachts assemble in Farm Covo at 2 p.m., to do honour to the patron of tho Club-His Eexccl loney tho Governor, who will, with Lady Young, honor Commodore ^Walker with his preseneo on board tho Alerte for a cruise about the harbour. Many of the yacht owners havo issued inf itatioue ta t hoir lady friends, so that I anticipate rather n guy sceno, as tho difleront - vessels pass Ludy Macquarie Point in Squadron, with thoir snowy canvuss aloft, and thsir decks below brilliant with the presence of Australia's fuir daughters, rivalling no doubt in interest for the nonce euch young salt's love for his favorito clipper. I hope tho worthy C'ommodoro will givo each point a wide berth, otherwise BO many attractions may end in a doubla shipwreck of heart anet VANDERDECKEN' 8 GHOST. THE SNAILS BAT AMATEUR REGATTA como off on Saturday; and produced somo fair sport ; but although tho weather was beautiful, tho number of competitors [ did not como up to tho number expected. ; l'or tho principal ruco of the day, that for 22 feet open sailing boats, thoro wore no entries ; and tho following is a list of tho racos that were brought to a conclusion. First Race.-Fair of scullt. in light skiffs for those wh» have nover won a prizo at a publie regatta with sculls; course-from flagship round . floating magazine and buck to flagship. 1\. Favorita. ; ... H. Freeman 2- Alvira. .. .;.G. Fitrhardinge Favorita led throughout, and won cosily. Second Race.-Fair of sculls in light skiffs; course samo as No 1. . . 1\. Adelphi . ,. ... A. and C. Filihardlnge 2\. *;Ul,!'".- ... Webb and Lambert. : Third Race.-Pulling dingies, under canvass ; course from flagship round Goos Island, round flagship, round floating powder niaguziuo, and back.to flog .. ship. ' . 1\. Novieo ... ... ". ... ... Fitzhardlhge 1 2\. Maritana... . .... .. F. Harper' », Snail ....Yeend ... . i. 4i Linda . '. Wickham. Novice carno in first, but was disqualified through the non-qualification of two of her crew. Fourth Roco.-Pulling Bkiffs, uudo'r canvas ; coursé samo as N;o. 3. . ' ' 1\. Marian ... . ¿" Itobberds* '2. Madonna .- ... ... Herring ? 3. Susie. . ... Woolnough. In this raco,tho boots had to go twice over tho course» but only two appeared 'tho second,timó, and Madonna mooting ' with an accident, tho Marian wont over the course' nlono. , , Fifth Race.-Two pairs of sculls in light watermen's skiffs or Bkiffs classed ns sucli, ipr those who have never won .. o first prizo at a publia regatta; course, from flagship . round Goat leland end book to flagship. 1\. Wave.','... ?..'.'" .'.. ... Gavan and Murphy . . - . S. Synsorura . . ... Edglll and chisholm 3\. box and Cox.Harper and Colqhoun. A capitol nico. ] > : ' : ' i .. ' .... - Sixth Race.-Pair of pars-in Bkifls for thoso who .have) . .. never won o first-prize, at a'public regatta; coarse . ' same as No. 4,. ; ? '(.¡¡, .,- '. I1. Favorita v.. '...'' : Freeman and Crook 2\. Adelphi,... . \ "/ ... ..:,'.'<< A!and 0.iFltshstdtng*.:.. . Seventh 'Race.-Gig and dingy, man in dingy to bo i* caught within fifteen minutes. .'?',. , <? ? Gig'...' '...' . '.. ' " ... ." ... Harper Dingy . ... ' ;.. . ;.. ... ... " Q; Heloltte: ' ! This closing event of the doy, was won 'b'y tho Dingy, ' Mr Deloitto apparently having no idea of being caught, , within tho required timo. 'r ..; ,'''! ' . "' '' T' \ ' . *"'?'.'' WHITE AND HICKEY.-These'. mon havo .now gone . into close-trtihiing- th'e>fo'rmbr.with .Tom Doy for' his1 mentor, at Mr Drury's) Kissing Point,' ¿nd' Hiokoy ot .Mr Ri Symons*6 White Bay Hotoí; aud both .Ieavo . nothing undono to give 'satisfaction to-their backers. Information hos reached tis that: -Hickey's'' hours pre . seven in tho morning -and flvo in tho afternoon j 'BO1 it ié' evident ho is quito willing lo give ovorybodya chance of seeing bim at work ; and wo know that'White will bb ' much pleased-by a visit from any ¡ono'who IIOB a fancy to 'watch; ltim taking hts breathings.., Our original'ah-: nouna'oruent, taken from the-Articles, was that tho race would coine off on tho 16th of next month ; but wo havo this week received a noto in which tho 18th is named as tho doy. Which ia correct, wo cannot say. THE ST. LEGEB.-Tho St. Loger of 1865 was fun on Wodnosday, at 'Don'eriaécr,"when tho horso uguiris't;which' BO many imputations' have been uiudo orico moro béât "all competitors. Gladiateur has t hus carried off all tho great t three-year- old'prizes, bemg'tlib 'only '1 hoi'sb'-aincb " Wos't.' 'Australian's year which lias,'.won " tho treble ovont"-tlio' Two Thousand Guineas, the Derby'and tho St. Leger. Regalia, tho victress of .the Oaks, ran second, and Axclu ( medea third. . Weekly Ditpalçà, Soptoinbör %jth; ' ' 