LINGUISTIC LAZINESS. ((EL)) [FROM CHAMBER'S JOURNAL] Professor Max Muller points out, in his admir- able 'Lectures on the Science of Language,' that one of the chief agents in the development, or, as some would say; the corruption of speech, is muscular relaxation ; in other words, laziness ; that is to say, combinations of sounds difficult of pronuncia- tion are slurred over or melted down until they are hardly recognisable. The French meme, a contrac- tion of memetipsissimus, is a conspicuous example of this process ; and many words of Latin derivation in our own language, having twice undergone the crucible, are more skeletons of their former selves. Trace the word stranger, for instance, to the old French form estrangier, and thence to the original extraneus, what a metamorphosis has taken place ! Or look at sexton, and what a shadow of sacristanus remains! The French epee is but the ghost of spada, which first lost the terminal syllable, then, for facility of expression, took an initial vowel, and lastly dropped the sibilant consonant. Etablir from stabilire, esprit from spiritus, and ecuyer ('squire) from scutarius, present similar transformations ; the French having, as a rule, melted down the medial, while the Italians have omitted the final, consonants. There is no need, however, to look abroad. What better instance is there than our own story, daughter of histoire, and grand- daughter of historia ? or than alms, a wholesale contraction of cleemosyna ? Nor has the Teutonic element in our tongue escaped this "phonetic decay," as the process has been named. Our Anglo-Saxon forefathers had several guttural sounds, and a number of consonantal com- binations which have long been abandoned as un- manageable, though, in some cases, the orthography has been retained. Nobody attempts to pronounce the initial letter in knave, knight, gnash, gnat ; yet it was not always silent ; and Germans, at the present day, experience no difficulty in sound- ing kn in a score words or so, nor gn in a smaller number. Muscular relaxation, indeed, assumes different phases among different peoples. We make no objection to ct at the end, or cl at the beginning of a syllable ; yet the Italians shrink from such combinations, softening lector into lettor, and clamare (clamor) into chiamare. We, in our turn, have a horror of gutturals, in which our Scotch and Irish brethren luxuriate, and hence those glaring orthographic anomalies which have provoked the humorous exclamation, ' O you G H !' and which are the constant theme of spelling reformers. We ignore the guttural in light, night, and numerous other words where the spelling retains it ; not, as was formerly supposed, (('It has only reached between 300,000 and 400,000 acres yet, with, insecure irrigation.' - relevant to another article)) from a regard to euphony, but because nite, as Mr Muller pointedly remarks, requires less expendi- ture of muscular energy than night or nacht , as pronounced in Scotland and Germany ; and hence, as people always buy in the cheapest market, nite found more customers than the more expensive terms. As to rough, hiccough, plough , &c.;, which are such a perplexity to foreigners, the science of language explains —what to many Englishmen is still a puzzle — how gh acquired the sound of f or k. When persons cannot pronounce a particular sound, they substitute one which most nearly resembles it ; and so, just as a child unable to articulate k, says tat for cat, tiss for kiss, we adopt laf, ruf, enuf. The Romans, for an identical reason, changed thymos into fumus, for it should be borne in mind that the ancients were as indolent as our selves in this respect. The Latin autor, in all probability, was always pronounced, as latterly it was spelt, autor; while a final m was very faintly sounded, and in verse was often elided. Vulgar pronunciation obviously arises from lazi- ness or defective articulation ; hence nuffin for nothing, for the slightest movement of the lower lip towards the upper teeth converts th into f. The negroes, whether naturally disinclined or not to manual labor, are unmistakably averse to exertion in speech; and thus lovely becomes lubly, think and this become tink, dis, and the participial ing re- laxes into in', as in readin'. But we must not cast reflections on the colored race, considering that our uneducated classes at home exhibit the same bar- barisms ; goin', fust, an', finding many customers on account of their cheapness, compared with going, first, & and. One would ascribe to the same cause the frequent elision of the aspirate, wore it not that it is as often inserted unnecessarily. Yet it is a fact that h, unconscious as we are of it, requires great effort, beginning from the abdominal muscles, and ending in those that open the glottis to its widest extent. Mr Max Muller believes there was a time when the Aryan races had no aspirates; and if we took a show of tongues, h would be out- voted in what, which, when, &c.;, by an overwhelm- ing majority. It is true that, among educated people, a counter-movement is taking place. Dickens's Uriah Heap helped to laugh umble out of fashion ; and the aspirate is making itself heard in herb and a few other words; but hour and honor will probably long continue exceptions to the rule. Yet it has evidently been gaining ground for the last two centuries, for our translation of the Bible seems to show that at that time it was not sounded at all. We have alluded above to the combination cl, which is obviously rather difficult to pronounce, and many people, without knowing it, invariably say tlear, tlose, for clear, close. In like manner, glory become dlory, and Webster even gives this as the correct mode. For the same reason, accom- plice becomes accomplish, ink becomes ingk, nature slides into nachur, and soldier into soljer. In some cases, a syllable is saved - perhaps being economised into praps, and police into pleece. Proper names, from their frequent use, are peculiarly liable to abbreviation, and accordingly Cholmondeley is con- tracted to Chumley, and Majoribanks to March banks. Ipswich and many other places beginning with a vowel originally had a g prefixed. In towns, it is true, the influence of the educated classes generally prevents any extensive deviation from the orthography; but in villages, the natives would often be puzzled to know what you meant if, in ad- dressing them, you adhered to the spelling. Poly- syllables are held in abhorrence, and to cite three instances from a single county — Letheringsett is shortened to Lengsett, Tivetshall to Titsul, and Poringland to Porlan. But pronun- ciation is not always lightened by compres- sion. Paradoxical as it may appear, to lengthen a word sometimes makes it more glib, a proof of the adage, that the longest way round is the shortest way home. The r in messenger is an example of this elongation ; but the analogous cor- ruption of sassenger for sausage has met with less favor (sic), probably because the word is not so common. The b in humble, slumber, chamber, ambrosia, is likewise interjectional ; and so is the d in thunder, gender, cinder. It may naturally be asked how the tendency to smooth down difficulties can be re- conciled with the existence of the most awkward consonantal combinations, in which verbs are espe- cially rich. What more barbarous, for example, than scratch'd? What greater trial to tho organs of speech than mightst, couldst, wouldst, or shouldst ! Yet even these are eclipsed by the frightful collocation smoothedst, which De Quincey quotes from a line of poetry, humorously asking whether the teeth of a crocodile would not splinter under such a word. These cases, however, admit of easy explanation. The fact is, that the economical principle has been pushed to such an extreme that it has defeated its purpose. It has paid too dear for its whistle, or rather for its monosyllable. Those troublesome forms are the consequence of squeezing two syllables into one. Hence the abbreviation of the preterite of verbs, an innovation against which Swift and Addison vainly protested ; the latter affirming that it had very much disfigured the language, and turned a tenth part of our smoothest words into so many clusters of consonants. Stretched and drudged are flagrant instances of this, and asked is so difficult to pronounce, that most persons ignore k, as Thackeray, a keen observer of vulgarisms, gives it in his ballad of Eliza Davis : — And Eliza told her master (Kinder they than missus' are) How in marriage he had as'd her, Like a galliant British tar. In some parts of England, wasps, posts, &c.;, are pronounced wasp-es, post-es, an attempt to surmount the difficulty by making an additional syllable, and helm becomes helem, while in Dorsetshire, though essentally a masculine dialect, whirl becomes wurdlo. A curious consequence of phonetic decay is that words of widely-different origin have acci- dentally coalesced. Thus, in French, to ' praise' and to ' let' (a house) are both represented by louer, and etymologists of the old school might have de- voted much ingenuity to explaining the mutual root of such diverse significations, had it not been known that, in the former sense, it is a contraction of lau dare, and in the latter of locare. The elision of the medial consonant has obliterated the distinction. In like manner, the wind blows, and the flower blows, two separate verbs having by chance coalesced. So with the two meanings of ' cleave' — not dissimilar merely, but contradictory : a man splits a block of wood, and he adheres to his party or his family ; and in either case we may say he cleaves. Liegan, to repose, and leogan, to speak falsely, have both shrunk into ' lie ;' and hence Sir Henry Wotton's witty definition of an ambassa- dor, as a man sent to lie abroad for the good of his country. The noun ' see,' again, is a contrac- tion of seat (sedesj, but the verb see is from the Anglo-Saxon seohan. Corn, too, as a grain, is Saxon, while, as a callosity on the foot, it is Latin, meaning horny. Sage, the plant, is from salwige ; sage, the adjective, comes from sapius. Sound, in its commonest application, is from the Latin sonus ; as a bay, it is Saxon, and seems related to ' swim.' The final d is in both cases a corruption, like the b in chamber, already noted, just as illiterate people now a days say ' drownd,' aud ' drownded,' instead of drown, drowned. In some instances, orthography retains a distinction, as reign, rain ; but the latter word is equally entitled to the g on the score of derivation, viz., regen. Sometimes words do not actually coalesce, but approach so nearly as to appear related. No one, for instance, at the first blush, would hesitate to refer ' bless ' and ' bliss ' to a common root ; yet the former comes from the Anglo-Saxon blot, to sacrifice, and the latter from the Latin beatus. ' Sorrow ' and ' sorry ' are equally unconnected, the substan- tive coming from sorh or sorge, care, the latter from sar, or sore. " Tense," again, has nothing to do with 'intense' or ' tension' ; tense being tempus, time, and the other words from tensui, stretched. Before concluding, it should be remarked that orthoepic changes are not in all cases attributable to muscular relaxation, some being apparently capricious, and perhaps making the word more difficult. Thus, wun requires more exertion than own, as the word one was originally pronounced — a fact proved not only by the spelling and by the compound 'only ' (one-like), but by the rhymes of the old poets. Chaucer, for instance, says : — His brede, his ale, was alway after one ; A better envyned man was no wher non ; and probably the old pronunciation was not quite obsolete as late as the Restoration, for Butler gives ' once' as a rhyme to ' dragoons' in the well- known description of the Independents: A mongrel kind of church dragoons, That served for horse and foot at once. Upon slang abbreviations we have not thought it necessary to comment, for this is a very different thing from phonetic decay, the peculiarity of which is that it is an unconscious process. 'Mob,' a contraction of mobile, quoted by Dryden as a new expression, has gained a footing in the language, and a few other Latinisms may be equally success- ful ; but this element in our tongue is very slight. Literature gives great fixity to speech, and the prominent phenomenon in our day is not phonetic decay, but the gradual, absorption of dialects ; for, as Hallum remarks, ' in an advancing state of so ciety, and especially with such a vigorous political circulation as we experience in England, language will constantly approximate to uniformitv, as pro- vincial expressions are more and more rejected for incorrectness or inelegance.' ((The following few lines are not relevant to the above, but are kept for interest's sake - has nothing changed through time?)) It is said that the waiters of the Paris coffee and eatinghouses are thinking of following the example set them by the cabmen, and striking for an advance of wages. There is, too, a partial strike among the washerwomen, and some who left off work are said to have assaulted those who have remained constant to the washtub. ((EL, 11Oct2015)) 