THE GOLD-FIELD OF OIUTIKI. (From the LylleUon Times, ISth March..) Ever since the rush to the West Canterbury gold fieiil commenced we have been expecting the natural reaction to follow; and tli3 time has seemed SOUK .vhsit long while we have been looking in vain for the returning tide. Yesterday the first symptoms of the re-r.ction were apparent at last. Ac least one man has reached Christchurch, having gone over land and returned the same way, because ho was not able to stay a; the diggings. And we believe that a lew more are at hand wiio have the same story to tell. The story is a very simple one. In the particular case with which we have been made acquainted, the man fouud himself on the diggings without money. He knew that a great deal of cold was buing obtained in different places; but to iiud a place lor himself in the difficult country where the gold lies required tools and provisions, which he could not buy, and involved risks which he did not care to encounter. The risk, of courae, arises chiefly from the thick matted bush, which it is diffi cult to penetrate, and in which the digger who tries to prospect may easily be lost. The news from the gold-field by this chance op portunity comes down, to last Saturday, this day week The man who first arrived in town, as above mentioned, left the neighborhood of the Teremakau mouth oil Sunday morning last, and on Thursday evening reached Leithfield, and Christchurch at noon yesterday. The whole journey from the coast, therefore, took him only five days and a half to accomplish on foot; but this can only have been done by very good walking indeed. The Terema kau was traversed from mouth to saddle in three whole days, the Gorge at the Waitohi was reached on the fourth, and Leithfield on the fifth evening. If this proves nothing else, it shows that the road cannot be exceedingly bad for foot travellers. The account given of it is that there are two deep and awkward crossings out of three, just above the point whore the track leaves the river for the lake, that is, of course, below the junction of the Otira; and that, in lime of a fresh, as was the case on Mon day last, when our informant was on his way, the upper part of the river, eastward of the Otira junc tion becomes as bad as the lower part in llie fine weather. Our informant reports that, by the kindness of the people at Mr Taylor's station on the Liked, he was able to obtain sufficient provisions to carry him forward towards town; but those who were going to the diggings v.ere eo numerous that the stock of provisions was quite insufficient for thc-m, and the wants of those who had come unprovided could not be supplied. If a depot were established at or near the saddle, the journey up or uo'.vn the Teremakau could he done with safety, so far as the prospect of starvation is concerned. But the distance from the Gorge to the West Coast is too great for the depot at the former place to be really useful. Here there are ample supplies already collected. As to the diggings themselves, the same person of whom we have already spoken tells a Etory much the name as those which have previously reached us, except as regards the possibility of ob taining employment. In tins point there is a total discrepancy between two cf the most recent state ments, bot.li those of eye-witnesses. The informant to whom we are indebted for much of tho detail published in this paper on Tuesday last, mentioned a high rate of wages as being easily obtained; at the same time he foresaw tlie fact that the numerous arrivals about to t ike place there would create a supply of labor greater than the demand. That ac count came down to the 7th, and the one now re ceived is to the 11th inst. It is hardly possible that so great a change could have occurred in only four days; and besides, the later account does not pur port to represent the state of things at the last mo ment only, but refers to the period of a fortnight at least belore. It will be remembered that indepen dent accounts published in the newspapers, and re ferring to the earlier part of that period, spoke of labor being so scarce that offers of employment at high wages were made through the medium of a bellman. It is probable that both reports are coloured by local or individual circumstances. Some men are sure to be unfortunate; they get into all sorts o£ mis fortunes on the road; they arrive without money; they reach reported rich diggings when the best time is gone by; and they oiler their services in I daces aid at times when and where there is no one to waut them. 13ut, allowing for this, the latter of the two stories has one good reason in its favour, when considered as a caution to intending diggers. Ifit is not entirely true now, it will bo so, in alt pro bability, very soon. The immense crowds who have been and are moving over to th . West Coast contain nu-jal'ers of persons who, if they arrive at all, will find themselves there without means; and it is not possible that the precarious demand for hired labour will be sufficient to meet tho wants of all tho number. Let the gold-field bo as rich as it may,'a large num ber may bo expected to leave, almost before they see it, and certainly beEoro they give it a trial, because they are unprovided with the means of going to work. The first runaways from the new diggings, whose arrival ha9 now to be recorded, will certainly be followed by many more; how many it is impossible to say. But aa wc know thai many arc likely to come, there i3 one plaiu duty be fore the Government. These men will leave the coast bccause necessity drives them away; they must start short of provisions; they will have a tedious journey through a starving counfry till they reach the limits of permanent occupation on this side. It i3 incumbent on the authorities of this province to see that the means of meeting these men with provisions at the earliest possible point are pro vided. We do not ivanC a Government flour specu lation; that can be done and will be done by private enterprise, it the Government will only do what private enterprise cannot, that is mike a road. We refer to the detailed information given in our corres pondence column to-day for the particulars. And we venture once more to tell the Government plainly Unit the lives oi hundreds) of iuen are in their Hands. If they neglect their plain duty in guarding life and property by the route which men are following, they will not escape juat blame and indignation by the plea that they arc doing another duty in cocking another route which men might or ought to follow when it is found. The BO.VUEH DUTIES -Mr Sanger, the celebrated vigneron of Corowa, is exporting the whole of his grapes to the Victorian side of the river, where he has erected n wine press. Mr Sanger's market being Victoria, he is thus enabled to grow his graphs in New South Wales and sell his wine to our neighbors without paying the 3s per gallon duty. 1'asloral Times, 15th April. MORGAN'S LAST in NEW SOUTH WALES.-The latest we have heard of this villain in New South Wales i3 that he intended to attack the escort in charge of the prisoners recently convicted at Denili quin whilst on their journey to Wagga Wagga. It appears that the sergeant iu charge took the wise precaution cf distributing hi3 force, himself taking to the bush on one side the road, sending n trooper to the other, whilst a third accompanied the vehicle. When near Bullenbong, tha sergeant sighted Morgan mounted on n black horse, but as soon as the latter saw the sergeant approaching he bolted. ITud the police been concentrated around the prisoners, there is little doubt hut Morgan would have attempted their rescue.-Pastoral limes. THE WEDDING KINO.-Mr Massingberd, in hia recent " Lectures on the Prayer- book," there ac counts for the connection between the wedding ring and tho bride's fourth finger:-"According to tho old serviee-booltB tho practice was for the man to place the ring first on the tip of the thumb, reckoned as the ? first finger, saying, ' In the name of the Father-,' then on the second finger, saying, 'and of the Son;'then on that of the third finger, saying, 'and of the Holy Ghost;' and so finally on tho fourth with the word 'Amen;' and so it remained on the fourth, where it does and will remain on all properly-married ladies; and thus the custom is accounted for. 