ARRIVAL OF THE JANUARY MAIL FROM EUROPE. The Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany's steamship Bombay, Captain Burne, arrived off the Otway at an early hour yesterday morning, and reached Hobson's Bay about five o'clock p.m., after a rapid run from Galle and the Sound. The delay of the mail was occasioned by severe weather at Alex- andria, which prevented communication with the shore for two days, and by the slow passage of the Mooltan down the Red Sea. The following are the letters of our London correspondent : LONDON, Jan. 20. PROSPECTS OF THE YEAR. The New Year has opened auspiciou»ly for England and for Europe. The oracles have spoken, and nothing ominous has fallen from the lips of the potentates upon whose decisions the peace of nations and the weal of peoples so much depend. Ever since the snub administered to the Austrian Ambassador by the Emperor Napoleon, in the year which saw the outbreak of the Italian war, the 1st of January has been a critical period for diplomatist and statesmen. It is not without a flutter of anxiety that the ambas- sador of the European Governments have gone to the Tuileries to offer their felicitations, not knowing whether they would be saluted with the welcome words of concord and peace, or with the stern language of menace. Well, they have once more passed satisfactorily through this fateful ordeal, and the troubled nations are again re-assured. 1865 comes in like a lamb. There is nowhere on the Conti- nent any immediate prospect of a breach of the peace. The Emperor had for the diplo- matists nothing but honeyed words. He trusts, like everyone else, that concord may continue to reign amongst us; and promises that his relations with foreign powers will ever be animated by respect for right, and love of justice and peace. Even for the Pope's Nuncio, who headed the ambassadorial pro- cession, Napoleon had only the politest of sentences, although mischief may be brewing in his heart. The Bourse accepted the com- pliments as a signal of quiet days and re- turning confidence. An attempt has been made in some quar- ters to attach a sinister meaning to some phrases uttered by the King of Italy, in his acknowledgements to the deputation of the Parliament on New Year's-day. He recom- mended them earnestly to complete their labours, and expressed a hope that " the des- tinies of Italy would soon he accomplished." Now, "the destinies of Italy," as understood by the entire nation, can only mean the union of all Italians and all the territory they inhabit, under one approved Govern- ment. But as this consummation would in- volve a deadly war with Austria and the forcible expulsion of the Pope, it is argued that Victor Emmanuel would scarcely have in- dulged in such significant exhortations to the nation's representatives, if he had not been assured of Napolean's concurrence and co-operation. So that, in that view of the royal language, it is thought that the key to the future is to be found at Turin rather than at Paris. Certainly the King's New year's hopes and wishes are irreconcilably at variance with those expressed by the Pope at the same period. THE POPE AND THE EMPEROR. There was far more of banning than of blessing in the New Year's addresses of the Holy Father. In his response to the con- gratulations of the ambassadors at the Vati- can, there was a tone of defiance mingled with despair. He prays that his life may be prolonged till he has witnessed a terrible vengeance on the spoilers of his territory and the assailants of his position as a temporal sovereign. As soon as he has seen the destruction of his reputed enemies he will, he tells the cardinals, sing his Nunc Dimittis, and depart in peace. It is while such sentiments are struggling in his breast, that he has to interchange civilities with the foreign Ministers at his court, and foremost among them the repre- sentative of the very man who is gene- rally believed to have decreed the downfal of the temporal power. The Emperor is the sacrilegious robber-the impious Judas who is betraying the Lord's annointed with a kiss. It is consequently against his head, and the head of the equally guilty Victor Emmanuel, that these Papal thunders are hurled. With all the old man's natural urbanity, such was the asperity cherished towards the Imperial hypocrite, that he could only bring his tongue to the strange task of benediction by means of a periphrasis. Addressing the French commander in- chief, the Pontiff cor- dially acknowledged the services of the French army for a period of fifteen years, and invoked upon it the blessings of Heaven. " I shall also," he went on, "pray for your great and generous nation, for the Imperial family, for the Empress and her august son, and also \--for him who ---for him who directs the destinies of France. I will implore for him the spirit of justice in return for the protection which he has given to me. In the midst of the difficult cir- cumstances in which he is placed, I pray the Holy Ghost to inspire him with justice. Let him bear in mind that God alone gives strength to sovereigns, and that they cannot maintain themselves on their thrones except by basing their acts on equity. I therefore call for the blessings of Heaven on you, on the French army, on your families, en great and generous France, on the Empress, on the Imperial family, and on him who governs the country." The hesita- tion displayed by the Holy Father when re- ferring to the Emperor, and the studied dis- respect in his allusions, might well, as we are told, produce "lively emotions" among the distinguished audience; and it can scarcely be expected that the elaborate affronts will tend to conciliate the eldest son of the Church. Yet the poor old man is to be pitied for his irritation and acrimony: he feels the chair being drawn away from beneath him, and he is powerless to hinder the deprivation. The conflict is approaching its crisis, and be is determined to go off the arena with all the honours of martyrdom. THE POPE'S ENCYCLICAL LETTER. Just now, indeed, the Pope is decidedly the foremost man in Europe-with all due de- ference to Herr von Bismark, of burglarious notoriety. Pius the Ninth has presented Christendom with a Christmas gift of an ex- citing character. It had long been matter of surmise that some wonderful document was in process of concoction by the wise heads of the Vatican, and speculation was rife as to the nature of its contents. All suspense was ended on the day following Christmas, when, regardless of the peaceful and sacred asso- ciations of the festive season, the Pontiff emptied out into the world a cornucopia of maledictions and denunciations. Every one is amazed at the daring and audacity of the Holy Father, while multitudes mingle with their astonishment a sentiment of pity for his stupendous infatuation. With a sublime indif- ference to the age of the world-at this very moment, too, when his temporal power is crumbling away-the Roman Archpriest has launched a bull against modern civiliza- tion, interdicted all free inquiry, and pro- claimed it to be the duty of all Governments to take the Catholic faith under their special protection. He has further condemned eighty distinct propositions in morals, philosophy, religion, and politics-- with a pretty distinct intimation as to the probable fate of those who persist in holding them. The intolerant document proscribes all liberal ideas and all liberal institutions. The only regime which finds favour with his Holiness and his Jesuit directions is that under which an absolute Prince reigns without control over the bodies of his subjects, while an equally absolute church takes charge of their souls. Toleration, freedom of worship, state control over educa- tion, lay jurisdiction over religious persons or religious institutions, the right of the civil magistrate to check the encroach- ments of the priesthood on the pro- vince of the temporal ruler- all these are utter abominations in the sight of Rome, and against those who maintain them his Holiness launches the thun- derbolts of his apostolic censure. Common sense would have dictated the good policy, at a juncture so critical, of keeping the exagge- rated pretensions of the Papacy in the back- ground ; but then common sense has long ceased to distinguish the College of Cardinals. They and their dupes are given over to the most astounding delusions and infatuations. Heaven has blinded those whom it has de- voted to destruction. And yet there was method, it appears, in the madness of the authors of the encyclical letter. The subtlety as well as the venom of the serpent may be traced in that mediaeval document. The Spectator states, on authority to which it gives credit, that the letter was written and the eighty propositions prepared solely to cover and clothe the nakedness of one new and hitherto unexampled denun- ciation-namely, that of the modern po- litical doctrino of non intervention. That strange invention of this radical age bids fair to ruin the temporal power of the Papacy, and hence the impotent rage of the Prince of Rome and his sacerdotal satellites. When the Vatican was startled by the dis- closure of the Franco-Italian Convention, the Papal Government, thus threatened with the desertion of its strong ally, frantically in- voked the aid of the other Catholic powers. Austria, Spain, and Bavaria, it was confi- dently expected, would filially rally round the imperilled chair of the Holy Father. Anxious negotiations were for a long time carried on between the Vatican and those Governments, concerning whose sympathy with Rome there can be no question. In the meantime, the Pope's answer to France, in respect to the stipulations of the Conven- tion, was deferred, in the hope that he would be in a position to announce that at soon as the protection of France should be with- drawn, it would be immediately replaced by that of the other combined Catholic powers. The crafty Autonelli would thus have achieved a triumph over Napoleon, and postponed indefinitely the great hope of the Italian people. But, happily, it was not to be. Time has driven home its lessons. The am- bassadors of the powers on whose support the PapaI Court relied in its extremity failed in their efforts. The Governments of Vienna, Madrid, and Munich all, with one consent, began to make excuse. The days of ancient state chivalry and unhesitating devotion to the church have passed away for ever ; and this base desertion of God's Anointed was due to the detestable heresy of " non-interven- tion." Then, at all risks, must it be de- denounced as damnable .and accursed. The awful ban of the Church must be placed upon it. It and the Pope cannot co-exist. Hence the encyclical at the present time-a fulmina- tion fit only for the days of Hildebrand. By means of its outrageous intolerance, the Papal party breaks entirely with the princi- ples which govern liberal Europe. A great struggle is being initiated, and sides must be promptly chosen. The old world and the new world are brought face to face in hos- tile array ; and not between Catholics and Protestants alone will the conflict rage, but there will probably be a wide and violent schism in the Romish Church itself. After this outbreak of mediaeval stupidity and arrogance, the eloquent tongues of such men as Lacordaire, Montalembert, Dillinger, and Sir John Acton, who have proclaimed an alliance between the Papacy and modern science, between Rome and liberty, and a free church in a free state, must be for ever silent, or else assail Infallibility itself. The publication of the encyclical has pro- duced almost everywhere a great commotion. In the Catholic Church itself, some members are dumb-founded with chagrin and aston- ishment, while others are exultant at the pitiful boldness of their spiritual chief. In Austria the document has been communi- cated to the bishops, with a sort of intima- tion, however, that the Government allows its circulation unwillingly, and only be- cause it cannot hinder it without break- ing the Concordat. The Austrian Minister at Rome is said to have urgently pro- tested against the issue of the Pope's letter, and was loud in his complaints of "the blindness, deafness, and colos- sal obstinacy" of the Vatican. The only quarter in which the reactionary missive has given any satisfaction appears to be Prussia-- and there the pleasure arises from obvious political reasons. M. Bismarck feared that Austria and Italy might become friends at no distant date, and it is thought that the en- cyclical will put that possibility out of court. Austria must stick by the Pope in preference to Italy; and as she also requires a powerful continental friend, she must also draw more closely to Prussia. Such is said to be the retrograde Premier's reasoning. In France the excitement is extreme. The Emperor is naturally exasperated at the formal rebuke administered to him in the face of Europe. Hie Minister of Public Worship has pro- hibited the bishops from reprinting the encyclical and the syllabus in the ad- dresses they may issue to the faithful, and has urged them to transmit to their clergy " the necessary recommendation to abstain, under the present circumstances, from any language admitting of an interpretation to be re- gretted." And these cautions are founded on the fact that the encyclical "contains propositions contrary to the principles upon which the constitution of the Empire reposes." To some extent only has the Emperor been obeyed. Several bishops and archbishops have defiantly read the obnoxious document from their pulpits. The Government is much irritated at this open braving of Imperial authority, and legal proceedings have been instituted against one prelate, as a warning to the rest. The press has thrown itself warmly into the controversy; and it is impos- sible to predict how the struggle will end. Will the Emperor be driven by ultramontane b'gotiy and insolence to break altogether with Rome, and, imitating our Henry VIII, declare himself the head of an independent Gallican Church? He has already taken one very significant step. He has appointed Prince Napoleon, the sworn foe of the Papacy, Vice- President of the Privy Council. This is every- where regarded as a demonstration against Rome. The Paris correspondent of the Daily News gives, on what he deems safe authority, a further piece of news of great importance. He says, that at the time the Emperor made his cousin Vice President of the Privy Coun- cil he resolved, with the consent of the Em- press, that in case of his death during the minority of the Imperial Prince the Prince Napoleon should be Regent. From the repre- sentative of the same journal at Turin comes another item of intelligence, pointing in the direction of a speedy rupture between the Emperor and the Pope. There is, he affirms, a rumour in the Italian Chamber of Deputies that Napoleon, annoyed at the systematic provocations of the Papal Government, is de- termined to withdraw all his troops from Rome before the month of March. Meanwhile, the spiritual authorities of the Papacy are by no means unanimous in their approval of the bull. Cardinal Andrea, who has retired from Rome in consequence of his disagreement with the policy of the Vatican, expressed to the Neapolitan cor- respondent of Le Temps his conviction that the encyclical was a fatal mistake-that Pius IX. was entirely governed by a few men about him-that Antonelli had for years re- lied upon Russia, which had betrayed him that he himself was a liberal of the school of Montalembert, sympathised with the liberal Catholics of France, and considered the Em- peror of the French completely master of the situation-and he intimated, moreover, that he wished to see Italy independent, with Austria ousted from Venetia. The cardinal is on friendly terms with Prince Humbert. The Pope, on hearing of Andrea's speeches and sentiments, ordered him to return to Rome, but the cardinal refused compliance. Even in bigot d Spain, the publication of the encyclical has been prohibited, the Minis- tiy having announced that they will "act energetically" against any priest who may break the law. In Italy, the Government has allowed the proclamation of the jubilee, but disallowed the remainder ; and in Bavaria, the Cabinet is resolved to " maintain the pri- vileges of the state." In Russia, the Emperor will, it is said, take advantage of the oppor- tunity to abolish the Boman Catholic Church of Poland, by vesting all the powers hitherto possessed by the Pope in an archbishop, the creature of the Czar. RENEWAL OF THE CONSTITUTIONAL STRUGGLE IN PRUSSIA. The time has arrived for testing the since- rity and earnestness of Prussian Liberalism. The acquiescence of the Constitutional party in the recent aggressive policy of the Govern- ment, end the fulsome laudations bestowed upon the King and his unscrupulous Prime Minister by the democracy at large, on ac- count of their militury achievements, would, it was feared, have broken down all serious opposition, and rendered the deputies unusu- ally complaisant. Such a result had been generally predicted by the Liberal organs of this country, by whom the backslidings of the party in which centres all the hopes of Germany have been bewailed with a deep and honest sorrow. It appears, however, that we have unwittingly done the Prussian reformers an injustice. They are not disposod to accept the tinsel of military glory, nor the alluring prospects of national aggrandisement, in lieu of their constitutional rights. The Chambers were opened, on the 14th inst., by a speech from the Throne, most conciliatory in tone, and cleverly calculated to avert the anta- gonism of the old enemies of royal absolutism. But, while moderate and respectful in form, the Royal address in substance is overbearing and threatening in the extreme. As might have been expected, the wonder- ful victories won by the combined forces of Austria and Prussia over the Danes consti- tutes the staple topic of the speech ; but His Majesty cannot take credit for these without reminding the Chambers that he was enabled to carry on a triumphant foreign war by hav- ing set at defiance the will of his Parlia- ment. He tells them in so many words, that events have proved that he was right and they were wrong; and he intimates, in no very obscure manner, an intention of pursuing his own course in regard to that question of army organization on which he and they have been for the last three years at variance. He is good enough, it is true, to express a hope that "the differences which have arisen within the last few years between my Govern- ment and the Chamber of Deputies should be brought to a reconciliation ;" but he leaves no doubt as to the terms on which he will consent to the reconciliation in question. He thinks that " the memorable events of 1864 will have assisted to enlighten the pub- lic mind upon the necessity of a military organization which has passed through the test of a successful war." He is ready to re- spect the rights which the constitution has guaranteed to the representatives of the people ; but he is satisfied that the Govern- ment must be firm and strong, and that a "good understanding with the Chamber" can only be secured " by the maintenance of the organization of the army, which guaran- tees its military efficiency, and, consequently, the security of the country." In other words, the King offers the right hand of fellowship to the Deputies, on condition that they will accept his terms ; that they will abandon the ground which they have deliberately taken up ; and that, in consideration of the dismem- berment of Denmark, they will permit him to organize an army, which will be entirely at the disposal of the Crown, and will be equally ready to meet a foreign foe or to crush domestic discontent. The state of the revenue was represented as highly satisfac- tory. The expenses of the war had been de- frayed out of the economies of former years. But a bill is to be brought in for the augmen- tation of the navy, and the state will have to assist in the cost of the canal between the Baltic and the North Sea. Indeed, remarked the King, in a phrase smacking of annexa- tion, the peace with Denmark has "given to the Duchies the possibility of taking an active part in our national life;" and to maintain his legitimate claims, he had referred the Prussian right to the succession of the Duchies to the legal advisers of the Crown. Their report would assist him in coming to an " understanding with his illustrious ally." The lapse of a week showed that the Cham- ber was not to be cajoled by Royal flatteries, or intimidated by Royal threats. The depu- ties lost no time in announcing that they were not disposed to condone Herr Bismark's misdeeds by reason of his successful foreign policy. The instinct of constitutional oppo- sition has not, as was feared, been destroyed by military successes. Their first significant act was to elect as President Herr von Grabow, a gentleman already distinguished for his strenuous resistance to the unconsti- tutional measures of the Court, who, on taking the chair, at once threw down the gauge of defiance. He declared that during the recess, officials who were members of that House had been reprimanded, communes had been deprived of their franchises, the press suppressed, and Liberal opinions outlawed. The representatives of the nation had a sacred duty to perform : they would not surrender the sworn rights of the people, nor allow themselves to be intimidated by any power on earth. On the following day, Count Eulenburg, the Minister of the Interior, in- veighed against the defiant speech of the Pre- sident, and thus the old conflict is again renewed. A reply to the King's address has been proposed, in which it is asserted that the only possible solution of the quarrel between the Crown and the country will be the un- reserved submission of the budget to the criticism of the Chumber, and the reduction of the military expenditure. Both the liberal and the Catholic members of the Chambers appear to be united. THE FATE OF THE DUCHIES. The formal assignment of the liberated pro- vinces to Prussia has not yet been made. The Confederates have first to be bribed or bullied off. The chesnuts are out of the fire, but the monkey has not yet been able to cozen them out of the paw of the cat. The play is going on, and it is mightily amusing and instructive to the onlookers to watch the changes in the game, and the tricks of the players. In spite of the constant as- surances that a perfect understanding ex- isted between Austria and Prussia, it is cer- tain that the former Power has hitherto withstood the annexationist tendencies of the latter. The statesmen at Vienna are not such disinterested knights-errant as people were disposed to think. They are not likely to view with complacency or indiffer- ence the aggrandizement of a traditionary rival and aggressive power. But even vir- tuous Austria has her price. According to a recent semi-official declaration, for a certain adequate consideration, Austria would not oppose the absorption of the Duchies by Prus- sia. The extension of territory in one direc- tion must be counterbalanced by a corre- sponding extension in another direction. Thus the Allies play into each other's hands, at the expense of their weak neighbours. The brother of the Prussian King is now at Vienna on political business of importance, and it is probable that intrigues are now in progress which will speedily determine the fate of the Duchies, and perhaps of other un- suspecting little States. THE MINOR STATES OF GERMANY. Altogether, it is an uncomfortable time for the minor States of Germany. They are made to feel that they exist only on sufferance. Whether in their separate or their Federal capacity, they are pitiably weak and helpless. They are peremptorily excluded from all parti- cipation in the conferences regarding the future disposal of the Duchies. We are in- formed from Berlin that " Austria and Prussia have agreed that no negotiation with the other German states shall take place prior to an understanding having been effected be- tween the two powers themselves." And in strict keeping with this arbitrary exclusive- ness, the lordly Bismark has been lecturing the Bavarian Government, in Imperial style, for its audacity in voting against a Prussian proposal in the Diet. A minority of states in the Diet had dared to vote for the continu- ance of Federal occupation in Holstein and Lauenburg till the question of the new ruler should be decided. As Bavaria was conspi- cuous as a ringleader, she was singled out for stern reprimand. She was curtly told that if the minority had by two votes more been swollen into a majority, Prussia would have acted precisely the same; and so on any other occasion she will act quite inde- pendently of any Federal decisions. Bismark will be absolutely untrammelled by the clumsy machinery of the Bund, of which he expresses the utmost contempt, and threatens to break it up if it stands in his way. This insulting despatch called forth a spirited rejoinder from the Bavarian Minister, Herr von Pfordten. Ho reminds Herr Bis- mark that it has not hitherto been usual for ono member of the Confederation to call another to account for votes given in the Diet ; and he insista most energetically on nia'n ta'nlcg the absolute right of the King, his master, to act as an independent German sovereign. But the lutter portion of his dis- patch is the moat important. He is forced to believe that the real object of Von Bismark's c om munica! ion is to deter Bavaria from every vote in the Federal Assembly to which the Prussian Government does not acknowledge its light. "Should this be so," remarks Von Pfordten, " we must equally leave no doubt to the Prussian Government that it is our firm determination to base our votes solely upon our own conviction", and only to permit the j fundamental laws and resolutions of the Fe- I deral Assembly to decide upon its competence, and not the will of an individual Govern- ment." Brave words these! And he Roes on to say, " It is not our intention to allow the character of the Confederation to be sbacklcd in snob a manner that a single mem- ber shall be able to prescribe the measure of its action." The spirit of resentment aud in dr pendí nee here displayed is admirable; but Herr Bismark will go on his haughty way, undis'uibed by them. Alarmed at thedangers which enviroa'them, , the smaller states are anxiously considering what they eau do to escape being eaten np, one bv cn". The plan which finds most fa- vour is to dissolve the Confédération, aud unite all the minor States into one power. But, for many reasons, this scheme would nevfrwoik. Meaowhilp, by memorials and addresses, the Prussian Govi rament are being uigecl on to consummate their glorious work of liberation by formal annexation to tho kingdom. Htpcciisy is being thrown to the winds, and rulers and people are disclosing iheir leal purposes. Prnssin intends to retai n what her arms have conquered. Officers have been notified of a three years' stay in tho Duchies, and those who aro married are al- lowed to send for tbeir wives and children at the expense of the state. THREATENED CRISIS AT VIENNA. In the meantime, affaira are not proceeding at all smoothly at Vienna. A rupture be- tween tho ReichEratli and the Government appears imminent. The pernicious example of the King of Prussia has seemingly told upon Francis Joseph. When his Parliament cut down the military Estimates last year, he submitted with a good grace to the con- stitutional control. But he probably finds that such humiliating subserviency makes him r«thei ridiculous among his brother sovereign?. His Royal brother at Berlin bus succeSBlully defied bis Chambers, and why then should not he ? At least he will try it on. Some weeks »go, a comm'ttee was ap- pointed by the Rilcberath to examine into the financial affairs of the empire. That committee has made its report, in which it condemned the extravagant expenditure of the Government, and insisted that tho Estimates must undergo a great reduc- tion, in order that the deficit which is preyir g upon the vitals of the; state may be got rid of. The Emperor and his military cottric, however, tefoBe to submit to retrench- ment. The reductions are not considered " acceptable," and accordingly will not bo carried out, uuIcbs compelled by the firmness of the Reichsrath, and a dread of the conse- quences of a collision with that body. '1 ho reductions proposed were chiefly in connexion with the aimy, and amounted to¿£1,000,000. THE TURIN RIOTS. The Committee of the Italian Parliament bos just presented their report on the origin and cauFcs of the September disturbances in Turin. They show that this tragic affray was at first of the most insignificant cha- racter; that it was due to the folly of the Government lu not informing the people of the reol nature of the conven- tion with France ; and that it might easily have bein suppressed without blood- shed, had proper precautions been taken. The late Ministry appear to have committed al- most every mistake of which they could have been guilty. They might bavo foreseen that there would have been somo ebullition of discontent at the removal of the capital; but they toek no measures to secure the presmce in Turin of an adequate força of disciplined soldiers. Tho troops in the city at the outbreak of the disturbances were few in number ; they were, for the most part, composed of raw recruits; and they were riot under tbo command of uny general of acknowledged ability aid uuthor.ty. Finally, no meubuieB for the preservation of the peace were concerted with tho municipality ; and u mun whom the ox-Miuisters now de- clare that they districted wai allowed to remain at (he head of the p-dice. Under there circumstances, it is hardly surprr-ing that a disturbance, which was originnlly nothing more than the assembling of a mob to express discontent at a mlsuudeistood convention, should have swelled into some- thing that looked like an insurrection; or that it should bavo been suppressed with wauton violence and reckless bloodshed. The committee bave properly tefused lo allow the late Government to evade tho r. sponsibility by devolving it upon General Della Rocca, whom they did not place in full command until the second day of disorder. They hnvo lasetd a modéralo and t-.mperate censure upon the men whose incapacity involved their country in ttrnporary "lijgroce ; and, although ihey might fairly huvo judged the ex-Ministers more severely, it is will that they have exhibited this forbearance It was not desirable to exaccrbato the differences be- tween the various parties in the Chambaril. Tho great object was to clear the people of Turin from the imputation of having an un- ruly temper aud a merely selfish regard to their own narrow interests. That once effected -as it certainly has been-no good purpose could bo secured by overwhelming Minghetti and hw colleagues with angry vituperation." According to a communication published in a semi official paper in Vienna, the Italian parly have resolved on a campaign against Austria. A meeting of the chiefs and leaders is said to have beeu hold at Genoa. Thoy aro to seud emisraiies iuto Hungary, to get up an agitation there; afturwards they will Bond attachments to opposite sides of tho Adriatic; and above all, thoy will furnish the Venetians with Brms. ' Tho Turin journals deny the truth of these statements. If any movement of importatico was in preparation, Garibaldi would scarcely absent himself ; and yot the statement has gone abroad that the general is about to pay a visit of friendship to a gen- tleman at Liverpool. HOPE FOR SPAIN. "Sweet ore the uses of adversity," Spanish pride, after a long contest, has succumbed to financial difficulties. Marshal Narvaes has introduced a bill iuto the Cortes, abolishing tho act which declares St. Domingo an in- tegral part of the monarchy. The bill is very frank, the preamble declaring that Spain wai deluded as to the wish of the inhabitants, and that the résistance is universal. Thora will be a desperato party fight in tho Cortes when the debate comes on. As regards Peru, the Mudrid journals evince a strong dtsire to, withdraw from the quarrel with that country, wbich is now supported by the other South American Republics ; but they do not relish making any humiliating concessions. Pacifio proposals bato bein Bent out; but, then, they aro coupled with a demand for an indemnity of fifteen million francs fur the expenses of the expedition-to which it is not likely that Pern will accede. Peru is e\ iden tly preparing for hostilities in earnest. Two of her fight- ing ships havo been in our ports, enÜBting men for foreign service, and the captain has been ai rested and imprisoned for a violation of the Foreign Enlistment Act. The burning of a poition of the Spanish fleet at the Chincha islands, reported last month by tele- gram, bas not been confirmed. POLAND. A Berlin paper sayB it is reported from various quarters that the Poles are preparing an insurrection in the Governments of Lithu- ania and Samogitia, and that armed refugees will land op the Baltic coast of those pro- vinces. . FRENCH FINANCE. The Legislativo Chambers are to bo con- vened abont n fortnight hence, when the Budget will be presented. Meanwhile, M. Fouldhas published his'financial report. It appears from that' complicated document, embracing three or four years-past, present, and tocóme-that the deficit in 18G3 will be Ubs by fifteen millions than was anticipated ; that the year 1804 will " very probably " show a balance ; that the military expenditure for 18C5 will be reduced-for the army, twenty one million?, find the navy, twenty-throe total, forty-four millions; and that a sum of eighteen millions, the surplus of 1865, will be taken to the credit of the Budget of 1866'. '. This sum," the Minister add-", " may ba considerably augmented at an early pjriod if, as we have reason to hope, the extni ordinaiy expenses of the army and navy, which stand in the amended Bau'get Of 1865 at Ei'xly-livo millions, diminish suc- cessively and end by disappearing. This will furnish considerable resources, the em- ployment of which will be hereafter deter- mined." Tho Minister judges that, on the whole, the situation of affairs presents a favourable aspect. The monetary embarrass- ments have disappeared, a resumption of business is at hand, and the public revenue cannot fail to profit by the activity of com- merce and industry. It will ha seen that the Minister admits in his report that bankrupt- cies have iuoreased, though " slightly," and that the amount of Customs duties received in 1864 has diminished. The French Government, it is believed, ¡b about to propose a law for a great modifica- tion, if not the abolition, of tho navigation laws. At the urgent desire of the monetary community, an inquiry, too, is to be instituted into the management of tbe Bank of France.. The result wlU probably be very disappoint- ing to the class who foolishly think that it is owing to the arbitrary restrictions of the Bank that they cannot obtain cheap money at ali times alike. The Emperor of the French has appointed a successor to M. Mocquard. It ia M. Conti, a Corsica», like the Bonapartes and M.Louis Blanc, and distantly connected with the Im- perial family. M. Conti is a mau of some standing, having been a member of the Courcil General of Corsica in the timo of the OileaniBts, and representative of tho island under the Republic, and after the coup d'etat member of the Council of State. THE FRENCH INVASION OF LIFU. The directors of the London Missionary Society (says tho Patriot) have been in com- munication with Htr Majesty's Government on the Bubjtct of the interruption of their mission, the prohibition of Protestant teaching, and the outrages committed on the natives in the Island of Lifu by the French Governor of New Cale- donia. The other missionary societies have also joined in a memoriol on the Bubject. They base their protest against the arbitrary proceedings of M. Guilialn, first on the fact that the Christian teachers, native and European, employed by the London Mis sionaiy Society in the Loyalty Group com- menced their labours at least ten years before tbo assumption of French authority in New Caledonia ; Btcondly, that at tho commence- ment of their labnutB the native population were in the lowest Btate of degradation and boibarism, and that their present Focial and religious improvement has boen effect-id by the labours of tho missionaries; aid thirdly, that all acts of trade, and commerce on the part of the missionaries are strictly pro hihitcd by tho society they serve, and cannot, therefore, in any degree interfere with the co'onial interests of France. Tho only pretexts which, as far as is known here, bave been al hged in justification of the violence and ciucltics ot the French soldiery arc-that the English missionaries were " denationalising " the natives, by teaching them English instead of Fiencb ; and wore encouraging the natives to roibt Fronoh authority. But both aie ridiculously untrue, for no claim for French authority had been made in Lifu till tbe Oo vernorof New Caledonia set foot there, and it is imposBlblo the natives could have been taught to resist what never existed ; neither have the missionaries troubled themselveB about the French or any other European language ; they have learnt the language of the nativeB, that they might teach them in their ver- nacular. "Eail Russell has taken up the mattt r in the promptest and hiortiestmanner ; indeed, before receiving any communication from the missionary Boclotief, he had brought the affair under the notice of the French Go- vernment." DISASTERS. The month has been saddened by a scries of heavy calamities on Boa and land, in which the varied agencies of fire, steam, wind, and water have played their destructive parta. Storms, hurricanes, and fogs have vexed our coasts and cities. Life and property, to a melancholy extent, have bien sacrificed. The Theatre Royal of Ellnburgh hal been burnt to the ground. The gasfitter bad been light- ing the building preparatory to the evening's performance, when the scenes caught fire, the " flies" followed, and in a few minutes the who'e theatre was in flames, the roof fell in, and the conflagration lighted up the whole of CaltOB-hill. Had the fire broken out a few honrs later, it wonld have been another San- tiago tragedy. As it was, several lives were lost, and among them that of Mr, Liri mer, Dean of Guild, who sacrificed himself in a vain attempt to rescue a fellow-creature. He , was buried beneath a falling wall. The city decreed a public funeral. On the same day (Friday, the 16th), just outside the river Mersey, the Leila, a new blockade runner, starting on her first voyage, was engulfed iu a hugo Atlantic wave. Nearly all on board, including the captain and the buiidtr of the ship, were drowned, and a life- boat which went to attempt their rescue was capsized by ihe angry sen, and lost most of her gallant men. Ou the following day, a fierce galo swept over London, ana knocked dowu a chimney 140 feet high iu Shoe-lane, doing immense mischief to house", life, and limb. On tho same day, a boiler under repair blew up in the Petei borough railway station, wounding six men, reducing another "to pulp,"and blowing a boy through a brick wall with such violones that tho greater part of his skull was found in his cap. Only a short time ago we heard of the wreck of Her Majesty's ship Racehorse in the China Seas, with ninety-nine hands on b-wrd; ou Monday, tho loth, the loss of Her Majesty's ship Bombay, off Monte Video, was reported, with the mournful addition that the ship had been destroyed by fire, and nlnety-three men had perished by that terrible death. On Wednesday, it was known in Liverpool that tbo Columbian, a new screw steamer, bound to the West Indies, had foundered in the gale, only three men out of thirty-six being saved. The samo day also biought tidings of the foundering of the steamer North American in the Mexican Gulf, and the loss of lOTlives. ThePowerful, a large Quebäo built vcssol of 1,280 tons, which sailed from Calcutta on 22nd of September, with a valuable cargo, was wrecked off Guernsey, and went to pieces. The Ilma, afine Russian barque bound to Antweip, was catt upon the rooks on the French coast near Boulogne, and only two of her crew were saved. And a colamn might be filled with minor disasters of a similar kind, which will render the commencement of 1865 long and sadly memorable among our seafaring population. On the 10th, an alarm- ing accident happened in the metropolis, by the tall of the ornamental stone cornice of a new building in the city, which boro all the scaffolding with it, and imperilled the lives of. eight of the workmoD, who are lying at tho hospital. On the 2nd inst., a horrible catas- trophe occuricd at Dundee, by which twenty lives were sacrificed, and rcorcs besides were seriously injured. It was caused by tho pre- cipitation ot tbo poor victims down a stone Btaiicaso of thirteen step», leading to n hall excavated under a local church, where a mu- sical entertainment noa to be given. As toon as tlie gates were opened, the mad crowd crushed their way down, with the awful re Bult stated. To complete this tale of horrorp, I will only refer to a dreadful accident on the Graud Tiunk Railway of Cunada, near Dot:oit. It was a case of point biauk col- lision between the engines of two trains. Tho engir.es burst, one train took fire, the mail was burnt to a cinder, six or seven passengers périt lied, and swarms were so vt rely bruised. THE AMERICAN WAR. From across the Atlantic the new year bringa only the same old talc of desolations and bloodshed. Over tho Southern States it has opened gloomily. At no period of the war have their fortunes seemed in greater jeopardy, yet thoy maintain the same deter- mination, and while admitting the serious- ness of the struggle, ovinco no symptoms of fear ob to the issue. Expressions of dissatis- faction have here and there made themselves heard, but the vast body of the people remain unanimous in their resolve, whatever the cost, to win and keep secure their independ- ence. A crisis, howover, is impending, and affairs are evidently tending towards a funda- mental change, which, materially altering tho conditions under which the war bos been prolractod, must still further widen the field of sbife, by involving tho coloured popula- tion. SHERMAN'S MARCH THROUGH GEORGIA. Tho great feat of the month has been the march of General Sherman across the state of Georgia-a distance of 800 miles through a hostile country-to the sencoast at Savannah. It was a hazardous joke of President Lincoln's, that all knew where Sherman had " gone in," but none where ha would " come out." It is no longer, howover, a matter of uncertainty. The Federal general, it will be remembered, in his first advance from Chattanooga upon Atlanta, woefopposed at every step, and con- sumed ten weeks in traversing leas than 100 miles ; and his losses are said to have amounted to 40,000 men, although at leagth his object was accomplished and the city destroyed. To remain permanently in tho position thus at bo much cost acquired, would have been worse than useloss ; to have retirad on his former base difficult, und equivalent to a surrender of the advantages gained. The pursuit of Hood, who had already thrown his shattered forces up an his rear, would have been unavailing. Undor those oir cumstanceB, Sherman resolved to march forwards, in an enterprise that left scarcely an alternative bttween success and utter destruction ; but the result proves his fore bight and science to have been equal to his daiirg. Accordingly, on tho 14th of Novem- ber, the Federal general started from Atlanta. Ilia army, numbering 50,000 men, with a large force of cavalry and 100 guns, he divided into two grand divisions, apportioning to thorn only a few days' rations, and by a geaeral ordi r directing thom to obtain supplies and forage from tho country through which they 1 assed, but to abstain from private pill »go. l'hoir route was determined by the railways, two of which ran from Atlanta eastward towards the Savannah river. The northern- most, called theGeoigia Railway, runsdiiccbly cast, straight to Augusta ; aud along this ona column proteeded, under tho command of General Slocum. The other line, known as tho Georgia Central, winds to the south round to the town of Macon, whonce, in au almoBt parallel course, it strikes eastward to Savannah: and by this Sherman himself ad- vanced with the second column. Both corps were to march at the rate of fifteen miles a day, and u rendezvous was appointed at Millcdgeviilo, on a branch line, whero tim two routes moke the nearest approach. The Confederates appear to have been so littlo prepared for this movement that no resist- ance worthy of the name was oflerod. Sier rnan skilfully employed his cavalry in haiass ing his enemy and keeping him from the lino of march. Whon the Southern generala, sur- mising that Macon was tho object of bis attack, collected their forces at that point, ho sutldenly turned uorthward, and quitting the railroad, crossed tho Oomulgco River, so as to avoid them, and maintain his corntnanica tioDS intuct. J Farther coutb, he again made the railway the liuo of his advance, and iu duo course safely reached tho reudezvous at Millcdgeviilo, where, on the Ü2ad of Novem- ber, the right and left columns of the army were reunited, having achieved the first stage of the expedition with complete success. Slocum seems to have experienced little or no opposition, and was fouud true to his time. The next point to be reaohed was the town of Millen, which Iles about equl- diitaut from Augusta and Savannah, at tho junction of the railways connecting the two cities, and whence the Fediral commander coutd advancu on either, üb circumstances might prompt. The passage of the Oconeo, at the outset of this second advauce, was but feebly contested ; aud Sherman appears to have felt so secure that he rested four days at Louisville some thirty miles from Augusta, aud ouo of the liehest districts of Georgia, Having gathered an abundance of supplies aud forage, and united his wholo force, be pushed onward to the appointed goal. At Waynesboio' the Southern cavalry OBSailed a portion of his force, and Inflicted som o loss, but were obliged to retiro before superior numbers. Arrived at Millen, more formidable dangers b/gin to threaten. If but tho garrisons of Augusta aud Savannah should bo combined to meet him, they might even vet cause the miscarriage of his enterprise. Sherman, therefore, bo con- trived as to keep his adversaries iu complete ignorance as to the direction in which ho in- truded to strike. It is now asserted that f tom the first he aimed at Savannah ; but the Confederates appear to have strongly forti- fied Augusta. Suddenly, after u brief inteival of suspense, ho moved rapidly upon tho former town, tho left flank of the army being protected orr the north and ruoBt exposed part by the O^eecheo liver. Tho íouto lay through a barron, mnTbhy, and thinly-peopled country, but the diatuncu of eighty mlli-B waB accomplished in eleven days ; and within a month from the timo of their leaving Atlanta, tho bold iu vaders carno in sight of tho doomed city. Genom! Sliermiin reports IiíbIoss throughout this protracted march, from wounds, sickness, tim capture of stragglers, and all other causes, to have been not more than 1,000 mon. His army throughout were fed on full rations, aud drove ub spoil before them largo herds of cattle, and so many hurneB, mules, and waggonB as tu bo embarrassing. Sometimos 1 the troops spread over many milosof country, devastating whatever could bj of value to the enemy. Tho railroads, for more thau '200 milup, 'were, of course, destroyed. As to the ncgrocp, they collected more th.iu 703 of the able bodied, whoso services would bo turned touccount. Tho city of Savannah is altuatol on a tongue of land about fifteen milos broad, of which Ossibaw Souud is tho southern boundary. Fort M'Alistcr stands on this Bound ; and at this point Sherman determined to malro the assault, iu order to open communication with tho fleet beyond, already awaiting his arrival, under Admiral Dahlgien. From Beaufort nlsp, another place ou tho coast wheeo the Ft der als have obtained a lodgmuit, Ueuoial FoBlor succeeded in establishing a communi- cation, having first, notwithstanding a partial defeat, made an irruption ou the Charleston and Savannah Bailway, and destroyed an im- portant bridge, bo as to prevent the p iBsago of reinforcement--. On thu lG:h of D cumber1 Fort M'Allsur was taken by Btorm, and Fr paiatlmBBulscqueutly madu for tho bo (tegu- ment ol the city. A huiiimons tcsurrenier wiiB njected; but b=fur<i it lould be cnn-< pletedj invested.General Uirdeo, finding him- self lift with but 16,000 men to opposo a victorious anny of more Mian three tim s flint number, iroíscd iba Savonnai River to the Curol'iia side ou the ntjht of tho 20th, and teiz-d the only ou tit t of escape, taking with him his whole force. The Confedérate lroi dads were blown up, and the navy-yard destroyed. On the following day General Sherman took possession of the place. His brief despatch announcing the fact should be quoted entire : '* Savannah, Georgia, Dec. 22,1864. " His Excellency President Lincoln,-I beg io prisent you, as a Christmas gift, the city of Savannah, with 160 heavy guns aud plenty of ammunition ; also about 26,000 balea of cotton. '. G. T. Sherman, Major-General." The captures include 800 prisoners, 160 guns, and other valuable miteriel. As to tho cotton, notwithstanding the immense ad- vance of prices, it can, in the beat markets, scarcely fetch more than is consumed in a single day in the support of the Federal armies. A moro generous policy than has been usual seems to have been adopted to- wards the unresisting Inhabitants. General Sherman has issued a proclamation which guarantees protection of private property and the rights of citizens. No oaths are required. The people are simply to c induct thenm-lves as good citizens. Those wishing to go within tbo Confederate lines can do so. All the civil depnrtm-.nts will continue to excicise their functions. The poor will ha supplied with provisions. Churches, schools, and places of amusement are to be re-opened and encouraged, and commerce will be al- lowed to an extent commensurate with the wants of the people. Possibly as the first fruits of these conciliatory rueusures, a meet ii.g was held, under the presidency of the mayor, at which resolutions were passed in faveur of peace and submission, and request- ing tbe Governor of Georgia to call a conven- tion to vote upon the question of the continu- ance of the war. It is noteworthy, however, thal later despatches state that this meeting was attended by seventeen persons only-a remarkable illustration of tho manner in which frequently throughout this war an adventitious importance hits attnohed to the utterances of obscure or uniufluentlal in- dividuals. We since learn that au a^ent httB beon despatched to New York, w.tb. authority to barter 60,000dol. worth of rice for Bupplies and provision*, to bo distributed among the needy inhabitants of the city. One tit the first acts of Sueruiun after taking ptisseislon was to despatch a cavalry força m search of a body of Federal prisoners, sup- posed to be located in the neighbourhood ; but this expedition has proved fruitless. More successful was a raid southward, in which a portion of tho S..v mntih an i Gulf Raliway was destroyed, It is now reported that troops are marching northward, and that Sherman will combine in an attack upon Charleston from tim rear, iu preparation for which the defences of that long besieged city are being strengthened. While great credit has b-'en almost univer- sally given to Sherman, for the mannoc in which he has conducted this, the tno3t bloodless achievement of the war, it is argued that the North has guluod little by it in a military pointof viaw, and thut ho has but exchanged one buso of operations for another, 'Ino words of General Leo are re- called-spoken towards tbo beginning of the war-in which he characterized tho soab.iurd cities us thu weakness of the Confederation, ami urged that when they were lost, thou only would it s real strength becomo apparent. But a etitain lost of prestige has been the conse ?iUence to the South of this easy victory ; aud ur moro mischievous tbau the destruction of railroads and propeity has b*en the revelation of vveeknoew in the want of men. So appa- rent has this become that Genoral Lie is known to have departed from his earlier reso- lutions, and advised the arming of 100,030 negroes. Indeed, the Confederate Congress has, we aro informed, by one of its last nuts, secretly given nmver to the ouimander-iii cliief to detail 50,000 slaves for service as sol- diers. Great rocial changes aie evidently im- pending. Richmond papers arque-one, that the South may sacrifico slavery for the siko of European recognition : and another, tint it must be abandoned rathor than independ- ence lost. Thus tbat foul blot on the escut- cheon of human kind seems in natural pro cesB of bloody extinguishment. What tue Noith did of political, the South may do of military, i ooeB6ity-neither ciring much for the man, or anything for the principle ; but whether under compulsion or freely the ac- cursed sj'ctom is abolished, the people of Europo will n-joico to see the day approach. Negroes eeiving in the army will have their freedom granted to thom, and probably an allotment of land. THE "CAMPAIGN IN TENNESSEE. The attempt of the Confederates to recover Tennt Esee, which at one timo seemed on the verge of succçbs, has terminated disastrously. While Sherman, his late antagonist, waa marching eastward, General Hood, whose valour is now commonly accounted groater than his discretion, hastened northward, as instructed by President Davis, crossing the Tennessee River at Florene». As ho advanced, the FederalB retired, but at Franklin made a stand, and there a desperate fight ensued, ia which, the Confederates lost many officers, gaining a victory so costly that at first it was 08861 ted to be a defeat. General Thomas wiser than his reckless opponent, agnln fell back, till he had reached the formidable de- fences of Nashville ; and in comparative secu- rity he was then able to mature his plans and receive reinforcements. Hood soon found himself in tho midst of difficulties -his ammunition falling short, his mon suffering severely in wintry wenthor from want of clothing, and the mud thick upon tho roads, making them in soma directions almost impassable. Nevertheless, having constructed three strong lines of de- fence, hu planted himself iu a Beini-clrclu across the bend In thu Cumberland, iu which Nashville lies, his wings nearly touching tlio river, apparently prepared fur a protracted conflict. But on the 16th of December Thomas, being strengthened, usdutned tho offensive, and ordeied un attack ou nil pt.int«. It so happenod that the Confederates were just thou weakened by the absence of cavalry and an infantry division, sent towards Murfrees boro'. The assault was made with great entlmsiuni, the flotilla fiom tho river at the same time pouring a deadly shower upon their left, where Hood had masted his stre. gtu. An obstínate engage- ment followed, the detiils of which urd ob- scurely reported ; but the wholo Hue of en- trenchments was carried, and the Confede- rates driven buck several miles, with heavy Joss. Tho next morning early the attack wau re id wed, and bjforu nightfall tlio rout was omplete. The Fe- derals enptared many prisoners and guns ; aud the woods and fields were strewn with small arms, abandoned by the mun in their flight. Fuither resistance was vain. For several day h the rotreatlurr army was pursued, and it is estimated, that when Hood reached Duck River, which is seventy-five miles fioin Nash- ville, ho had lost 12,000 men and the great r part of his artillery. Ones only was u severo blow inflicted upon Thomas-when the Southern rear-guard stizdd au opportunity to turu and inflict chustiseimint ou Iib toa ventnrisoiuu pursuers. Nevertheless, tbo 'Tennessee has been safely crossed ; and Hoo I by the last accounts is said to have moro than 20,000 mon, in good order and ready fjr action. Thomas is opening a base of supplies at Easlport, on the Mississippi, for a new campaign. . THE WILMINGTON FAILURE. In the conreo of this protracted and bloody war, it has almost uniformly happened that any tampprary success on either side has been balanced by succeeding disasters. Once again has it been bo. These victories of the Federal ni m lea have b.'on followod by the total failure of ono of the greatest naval ex- peditions tho North has y et sent forth. The I ort of Wilmington has ncquired notoiioty as ono of the cbief resorts of blockade- running ships. The intricate ohmuols of tho river afford péculi ir facilities for them ; so that, notwithstanding tho vlgilanco of one-oyod cruisers, as many as nine of theso vessols have boon known to steal in In tho courso of a single day. It was determined to strike a blow at this traffic, and in bo doing to eecuro another important biso of operations from the coast. Preparations bad been in progress for months, when Admital Porter was instructed to assume the command of tho blockading fquuriion. Undar h's superintendence, all ?othtr nicetBary measures were completed; low ironclads brought our, ¡aud all the.nival force available collected. People talked 'or cnothei Great Armada, nndisotno of,the in cidci ts that followed tnuHoitho resemMnucj niari r than was suspected. When, at length, towal ds the close of liât month, the expedi- tion nut to eea, it counted in all sixty vessels and 050 guns. This AVer, however, lnclu lad a number of transport*, which cirrlad a strong military force under the commiud of lbe notoiious General Butler, who was sup ' noited by^QeTeral Weitzel, an able officer of Engineer«.1 The' rendevous was reached, after a''somewhat be isteroua voyage, in safety on the 20th of D.cember; but, just then, a ' heavy gale set in, which ubiiged the transporta ,to retire for shelter to Beaufort, while the men-of-war rode it out at anchor. According to some accounts, Butler was obliged to throw overboard his artillery, and nearly all his horse", in order to eBcapu the Btorro, and his men viere so exhausted by sea-sickness that action would have been impossible. As soon as the weather moderated, the admiral made bis arrangeunents fur attacking Fort Fisher, ' the principal fortification of a series of works commanding the eastern inlet to the Cape Fear River, about twenty miles below Wil- mington, and lying on the southern extremity ofa narrow Btrip of land. The admiral con- fesses that he had hoped to present the nation (like the more successful Sherman) with. " a Christmas offering; " and accord- ingly the day before Christmas-when Christian folk are supposed to ba tuning their carols of peace and goodwill-he commenced the attack. It was inaugurated by a novel expedient. Lost autumn the whole of Loa don and the country round for many mile3, was startled by the explosion of some powder mogaziues at Erith, towards the month of the Thames. The Bhcck was widdy felt, like an earthquake, the Thames erabinkmeut thrown clown, and an enormous amount of damage done in eveiy direction. This in- cident seems to have laid hold of the Federal imagination, aud to have suggested a means of easy and terrible and wide- spread destruc- tion. A powder-ship, containing between two and three hundred tons of powder, more than four times the quantity exploded at Erith, and stowed away with every appliance that ? scientific knowledge could offer to increase ' its deadly force, was sent in under the Fort aB a blockade ronner. A crew of seven men 1 volunteered for the dangerous enterprise, aud they passed unchallenged, making the usual signals to the position chosen. Having se- curely anchored their " torpedo," kindled the fusees, and also a fire, they made their escape under cover of tbe dark, back to the squadron awaiting them. The fleet then stood out to sea 8omo twelve miles or more to get clear of all risks from the shock. It was post mid- night when a bright light was seen in the dis- tant sky; then a brilliant glow, and coruscations like the fierce flaming of an uncertain fire, now tossing its " mighty strength upward, and then falling downward in exhaustion. A denso black column of Btnoke gathered under the starlit sky, and like a huge waterspout moved swiftly across the sea, bringing with it the sulphurous odour as of a hundred battlefields. But the great shock, if any there was, oame 1 deadened, and with no greater emphasis than the explosion ot some solitary monster gun. Its fury must either have been expended ver- tically, and under water, or, perhaps, the powder wbb bad. The Confederates remained unhurt behind their fortifications, neither fort nor garrison, indeed, appears to have received the slightest injury, although the ship was anchored near tho be&cb;, within 500 yards of their casemates. Disappointed in this device, there was no alternative but to resort to moro ordinary means of destruction. At dawn the fleet stood in in line of battle, and opened fire-a feu d'enfer, the admiral calls it and he reckons that 115 shot per minute were poured upon the devoted ramparts. In little more than an hour the enemy's batteries «eased to reply ; two of the magazines exploded ; and it seemed impossible, looking from the Bea, for anything long to resist. But the transports had not yet re-appeared, and at night, Admiral Porter drew off to a safe anchorage. Soon the troopships arrived ; and on the following morning, the attack was renewed with the same vigour. The Federal officers, as they watched their tremendous missile?, were full of hope. Then it was that Genoial Butler, in conjunction with WeitaeL effected a landing with some 3,000 troops above the fort. These captured two batteries, and advanced within fifty yards of the fort so noar that some of the moat daring soldiers entering the outworks, captured a flag. Bat both officers deemed the assault impracticable, and the forces were withdrawn, after scarcely more than three hours on shore. Butler re- ports that nothing but the operations of a regular siege could have reduced the place ; and that, in the threatening stats of rho ' weather from the sea, he could not do other- wise than retire to his boats. Admiral Porter angrily, though in a tone of courtesy, retorts by the wish that " some more gallant fellows bad followed the officer who took the flag from the parapet;" and adds, "I think they would bava found an easier conquest than was supposed." This decision of Butler's terminated tne expedition. The transports made the best of their way back to Fortress Monroe, i nd the remainder of the fleet was , not slow to follow. A very pretty quarrel has Arisen, as may bo supposed, out ef this igno- minious failure; and nejit cannot ba endured that nothing more should come from so long and costly preparations, and such a terrific bombardment. General Butler has been ordered " to repoit himself " at Lowell, in Massachusetts, his native place, there to ponder in private over his mistakes. Un- fortunately for him, just nt]this juncture, his scheme of cutting a canal to facilitate opera- tions on the James River has also failed after an immense expenditure of labour. On the 1st of January, the head of the excava tiou.was "blown out;" but the river, pre- ferring its old path, refused to flow in. This Wilmington expedition has cost the Federal Government neatly ¡63,000,000 ster- ling During the action as many as six of the 100-pounder Parrott guns, from which so much waa expected, burst, and killed or wounded forty-four] officers and men, causing actually a larger number of fatal casualties r than the Confederates incurred from the ter- rible fire of the whole fleet. General Bragg, indeed, reports that they suffered no serious ' 'injury; and the silence of the batteries np . pears to have arisen from the men having retired under cover. No wonder that ou the news of this repulse the premium on gold lose seven per cent. Grant recommended a Tcnewal of the attempt, with Burnside as leader ; but Lincoln refused his consent. Later news avers that it will bo immediately renewed, with General Ord in command, and 'a largely increased military force to co-ope < rate. THE QUARREL WITH CANADA. While these events were transacting, an incident, insignificant ob it seemed by com- parison, suddenly thrust itself on the public attention, and seemed for a time to threaten still more important issues. From the com- mencement of the war danger has been appre- hended on the Canadian frontier, but few were prepared for the form in which it now ( . presented itself. A short time previous to the , Presidential {election, Lieutenant Young, a subject of the Confederate Government, or- ganized in Canada a band of " refugees," and crossing the boundary line-which at this point is merely an impracticable geographical * parallel-into tho state of Vermont, fell upon the town of St Albans, killed some of the in habitants, and robbed the batik of a large sum of money. This outrage he justifies as ' an act of war ; and President Davis has since ' assumed the responsibility of the movement, and claimed for these men, as a detach- ment of his armies, the usual rights of prisoners taken In fair fight-for cap tared they were. By Young's own admission the town would have been bnrnt but for the drunkenness and insubordination of his followers. They were punned by the Ver- mont militia, as they made their way hastily back with their booty to the froutier, and somo of them taken in Canadian territory, but surrendered at once to the rightful autho- rities. In due legal course, application was made (hat they might be delivered up, in ac- cordance with the provisions of the extradi- tion treaty, to the United States. The matter came befóte Judge Cou.rsol (himself a French Canadian), whodecided on technical grounds the wairai.t fur the prosecution not bearing the signature of the Governor General-that he lind nu jurisdiction, and ordered the Im- mediate releases of the prisoner. It 1» pro- bable that in strict law he was right ; but he has lieeu stiongly condemned for allowing men charged with so crave an offence to bec ape v out of his hands, when any delect in the pro »88,of prnixiutinn could havu baen quickly remedied. As might bs expected,the fact of their acquittal speedily raised a storm of indig- nation lu'the N tth' ru State;. Nor were tux Cm adianc, who felt thuuit-elvtB tints brought \to tLe Ytrge of war, less loud In their expros I sions of anger at the'treacherous uso made by the Southerners of the right of asylum^ Tua* declaration of\Presidí nt- Davis that explicit lnbtrucUoLS wore given to respect,'in this' . expedition, the rights of neutrals' has failed to r< move the suspicion ' that ho had a secret hope of involving the ' country in war and so bringing to his aid from the North a new aid most powerful ally. Already Mr. Lincoln had given the requisite six months' notice to al regate the treaty forbidding the equipment of fleets ou the lakes. Now General Dix, in hot haste, issued an order from New York, directing the troops to follow marauder?, if necessary, aoross the frontier, and to bring them back, wherever found, even though violating Canadian soil, A certain Mr. Chandler also took the op- portunity to lay upon the table of the Senate a resolution directing the Government to demand compensation of England for the damage done by the Alabama. Happily wiser counsels prevailed. The Canadian Ministry at once recognised both their duty and the imminence of the peril On the 13th of December Judge Coursol's judgment was given ; tho following day they met, and agreed to a public repudiation of it. On the same day tbey issued new warrants for the re- nnest of the " raiders," Bent the police in pur- suit of them, and despatched a military force to prevent the recurrence of further depreda- tions on the border. President Lincoln, on. hlB part, has formally disapproved the mili- tary order of Genera! Dix, and compelled its withdrawal. It is satisfactory to add that, hopeless as seemed the chase through the wilds and vast forests of Canada, Young and several of his companions have been recap- tured. By the latest accounts they had been promptly brought up for trial, and the pre- siding judge had expressed himself strongly opposed to the plea that their doings were acts of war. The matter was still before the courts when the mail left. One great inconvenience has resulted from this attempt, namely, an order that, with the exception of immigrants, no person shall be allowed to enter the United States without a pessport. A telegraphic despatch briefly states that the French Oanadiaus in the country around Quebec have violently resisted the militia draft ordered by the Government for service on the American frontier. A strong force of volunteers had been ordered off to enforce the law. At Montmorency they aro said to have taken up arms, and it is rumoured that the town has been burnt. BEFORE RICHMOND. There is no important news from the armies around Richmond, only a rumour that the South purposes again to take the offensive. MINOR MOVEMENTS. Of minor movements we have a few details. A military expedition has landed at Pasca goula, in Misaissipi, and is marching on Mobile. That great i aider General Grierson has broken up the Mobile and Ohio Rail- way from Corinth as far as Okolona, a distance of about eighty miles, destroy- ing many bridges and much rolling-stock that cannot easily be-replaced. General Lyons has also destroyed portions of the Louisville and Nashville Railway,-one chief occupation now of the various scattered de- tachments, quickly and completely done by means of simple mechanical contrivances. General Burbridge, whose name every now and then mysteriously turns up in some ellip- tical despatches, has routed a Confederate brigade at Kingsport, East Tennessee, but is reported to have himself since met with dis- aster. A " peace expedition " to Richmond, con- sisting of Mr. Ex-Postmaster^ Blair aud his son, was stopped by General Grant, who would not let the "commissioners " pass through his lines. Mr. Frauds Blair, how- ever, has since again left for City Point. It is Bald that he goes on an unofficial peace mission to Richmond, with a pass from the Confederate authorities. Not much can ba inferred from this harmless, but futile, move- ment. President Lincoln's inaugural words have been followed by a call for another 800,000 men. The proposal to amend the Constitution of the United States by the total abolition of Blavery Is now before the House of Represent- atives, a Mr. Ashley having moved that the vote by which it was rejected last session Bhould be reconsidered. The result of the debate is doubtful. Governor Fletcher, of Missouri, in his inaugural address, recom- mends tho gradual abolition of slavery In that State. A similar measure has been proposed by the Governor of Kentucky. Mr. Fenton has been inaugurated Governor of New York at Albany. His opening speech contained nothing of political significance. Governor Seymour, in his farewell address, im- pressed upon him the importance and respon- sibility of the position ho was about to assume, and invoked for bim the earnest support of the people. MR, SEWARD AND ENGLAND. Since last month's mail the letter of Mr. Seward, in reply to Lord Wharncliffe's offer of assistance to Confederate prisoners con- fined In the North has reached this country, and, like all the effusions of that venomous politician, it is conceived in the most odious spirit towards Great Britain. It is instinct with acrimony and petty malignity ; and the occasion is eagerly seized for the indulgence of vituperation against onr Government and people Indiscriminately, for having, as he pre- tends, "promoted" the American war. The pretext upon which the generous suc- cour proffered through Lord Wharncliffe was rejected was, that the sum had been mainly contributed by Southern refugees in England, as well as by men who bad amassed fortunes by blockade running and illicit trading with the South. That is partly true and partly false ; but even if wholly true it would havo been creditable to the humanity and magnanimity of the American Foreign Secretary had he allowed the £17,000 to bu distributed among the posr captives in the form of extra comforts and alleviations. Simultaneously with this inci- dent there has been an acrimonious contro- versy respecting the treatment of prisoners by the two belligerents. The adherents of each side attempt to blacken the reputation of their adversary, and to vindicate the hu- manity of their party. ELIIIU BURBITr. Mr. Elihu Burritt, the "learned black- smith," is appointed United States Consulat Birmingham. This well-merited recognition of services in the cause of peace and goodwill amone all nations, and especially of friend- ship between England and America, has given wide-spread Batlsiactlon. THE ALEXANDRA. The gunboat Alexandra, which was the subject of so much litigation in England, has como to grief in a British West Indian colony. Under the name of the Mary she sailed into Nassiu, and was there seized by the Governor of the Bahamas, acting, as it is sold, under instructions from the home Go- vernment. She was in the hands of the mili- tary at the date of the latest despatches. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COM- MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (FB0M OUR OWN COEBESrONnKNT.) LONDON, Jan. 20. The year has opened under more favour- able auspices for the commercial world. The extreme tension in the money market which bad prevailed, with greater or less sevority, for bíx or eight months, appears to ba draw- ing to a close. On the 12th Inst the Bank rate was lowered from six to five and a half per cent., and, owing to the moderate cur- rent demand for accommodation, a further reduction is generally looked for to-day. The present is a lower point than bos been touched since the 5th of November, 1863; but no one is so sanguine as to expect the prevalence of low rates during the present year. The opinion of the cautious and usually accurate Economist is, that " the value of money will tend to be high-not at all so high as in 1864, yet still high as compared with past years and old notions; that it will not oscillate so much or so violently as of late, but will tend to be far steadier." Some of the most powerful dis- turbing causes-such BS tha drain of hallion frr the payment of cotton in new market', and the ab.orpticn of m moy in foreign leans and speculative pnjects- are not likely to opeiateto anything l.ke the same extout as heretofore. New rchemes will, of course, be hatched, aud the reduction of the current rates has already stimulated the enterprise of promotcis ; but there is little disposition to embark in fresh ventures. Owing to tho un- profitable character of the general mercantile transactions of the past year, there are no large number of persons prepared to support even the no:t legitimate projects. The Bank rate has been reduced to five per cent. Consols are nearly two per cent, lower now than they were twelve months ago, although the political horizon of Europe is far dearer than it was at thatpetiod. The extromorange in the price of the English Funds during 18*34 was 4$ f,er cent. The lowest quotation, 87J, was on the 9th of September, aud the highest, 91Î, cn the 25th of May. The present price ranges from 89J to 00. On the Stock Exchange, tho Bupply of capital is abundant, aud luaus are nominally quoted three to four ptr cent. Tbo position of the Bank of France is not so strong and satisfactory as it was. During the mouth tho reserves have diminished to the extent of nearly two millions sterling ; yet the late of discount is lower than that of the Bank of England. The railway market has been heavy of late, partly in sympathy with the funds, but chiefly from the disappointment caused by some of the dividends lately announced. After an advance, in anticipation of the dividend meetings, a reaction has occurred in the shares of several of the joint stock banks. Financial companies are depressed ; foreign shares generally are comparatively steady ; Canadian securities have rallied after the sudden fall a month since ; and the Con- federate loan Is from 56 to 57. The transactions in must colonial securi- ties have been unimportant during the month, and the general tone has been rather weak. Australian and Now Zoaland Debentures havo been dull oi sale. Banks stand at fair quotations. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway shares, since the announcement of the ten per cent, dividend, have improved to 61 to C3. Not much business, however, is doing, as there are few shares offering. Below are the latest quotations of Aus- tralian securities and shares : Share i 3&! Names of Companies, 4c Stock Stoek Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock 25 25 Stock 100 10 «J OOVBRHMRUT STOCKS. Victoria Government, 6 per cent. (Jan. und July) Do., do. (April snd Oct.) . New South Wales, 5 percent., 1806 to 1870 (Jan. and July) Do., do., 1871 to 1870 (do.). Do., do., 1888 to 1892 (do.) . South Australian, 0 per ceHt (Jan. and July) Melbourne Corporation, 6 per cent. (May and Nov.) Goolong Corporation, 8 per cent. (May and Nov.) New Zealand, S per cent. Queensland, 6 per cent. (Jan. andJuly). COUPAKlEa' BONDS. Geelong and Melbourne Rall way (1867), Government .. Holbourne and Ilobson'e Bay Railway, 7 per cent. Bouda (1874).. BANKS. NewS. Wales .. Australasia Union of Australia .. South Australia London Chartered of Aus- tralia . English, Scottish, and Aus trahan Chartered Oriontal . New Zealand Victoria. Queensland . HINES. Yudananintan» of South Au». Australian Mining .. Port Phillip Mininer Company Yorko Peninsula Dun Mountain Copper Mine Scottish Australian Mining. Kapunda, S.A.. Worthing Copper, S.A. JIIBCSLLANEOUB. Mclbourno and Eobson's Bay Ballway . Peel River Land and Mineral. Scottish Australian Invest- ment . Australian Agricultural .. South Australian Land North British Australasian Land. Van Diemen's Land Agricul- tural . Trust and Agency o! Austral- asia . New Zealand Trust and Loan English and Australian Cop- per Company Panama, dec, Mail Company 10OJ 101 102 «J 21 57 par ¿din. par 12S 20 20} H * The quotations includo tho accrued Interest on debentures. LOAK8 AND JOINT-STOCK PUOJBCTS. The year opens with a lull in speculation, and it is earnestly to be hoped that the locusts known as " promoters" will find scant encouragement for a long time to come. The joint-stock companies brought out during 1864 were 282 in number, and the total capital offered for subscription was £106,523,000. Many of the projects, however, proved abortive, and in other, instances the process of windlng-up, voluntarily oi perforce, has commenced. The following is an ana- lysis of the schemes : Companies. Dopoait. Banking Financial and dlseount .. Manufactur- ing andtrad ing.. Hallways Insurance .. Shipping .. Hot c1 Mining Gas .. Miscellaneous Total 25,606,000 88,150,000 38,195,000 12,610,000 9,200,000 14,800,000 1,090,000 4,180,500 1,280,000 9,073,000 £ 10,300,000 23,550,000 29,210,000 6,860,000 4,925,000 11,250,000 1,060,000 3,206,000 880,000 8,333,000 & 1,635,000 2,213,750 3,608,500 818,000 585,000 007,600 307,700 775,250 170,000 1,350,100 2S21156,887,500' 100,523,000112,645.800 The Bank of Russia has issued a notice, announcing that the subscriptions to the Iotteiy loan refeired to last month amount to 115,260,000 roubles. The Crown agents for the colonies have just negotiated a loan of £284,000 for the Government of tbe Cape of Good Hope, raised by the issue of five per cent, debentures having thirty-six years to run. This loan will not increase the debts of the colony, as the money is to bo applied to paying off debentures already on the market, and falling due during tho present year. LaBt session the Colonial Legislature passed an act making Provision for the final redemption of all its debentures by the operation of a sink- ing fund, into which is to bo paid annually a sum equal to one per cent on the total debts oi the colony. The whole amount was disposed of by public tender at an average tate of £0112s. 3d. per cent. The total applied for was £307,700, at prices varying from 81 to 105\. The minimum was fixed at 90. According io reports now current (says The Times), an arrangement between the Greek Government and the Protecting Powers haB been virtually concluded, the latter having accepted the general principle of cancelling retrospective olaimB upon Greece and of sharing with her in a certain ratio the re- maining portion. This arrangement is under- stood to have been entered into on the ground that it would facilitate an adjustment with the unguaranteed bondholder?, and so enable the Greek Government to conclude a new loi-n for reproductive works. The proBpictus of a fresh Italian!Loan (known as the Italian State Domain Loan) has appeared. The amount is £8,000,000 of nominal capital, in five-per- cent. bonds to bearer of £20 each, and larger amounts. The price of issue is £7710s. percent., but which certain deductions will reduce to £74. The bonds are to be redeemed at par in fifteen yeaip, drawings to commence next January. The new stock, accordingly, represents about £6,000,000 sterling. The state domains hypo thicotid to this loan aro stated to he worth ten millions. The issuo in London takes Blace through the General Credit and Finance 'ompany, with which is associated, so far as tbo reimbursement of the drawn bouda is concerned, the Italian Land Company. Lists are also opened in Paris, Lyons. Amsterdam, Frankfort, Geneva, and in thirteen of the principal cities of Italy. From Frankfort we learn that Messrs. Rothschild have brought out a new loan for three million Prussian dollar mortgage bonds of Finland, guaranteed by the Government at the price of 83, and that it has found numerous subscribers, although money con- tinues to command high rates, as the natural result of the heavy spéculations in American securities. The Credit Foncier anü Mobility of Eng- land baie just initiated their first important undertaking-a company bearing the title of the Ciiy of Milan Improvements Company, with a capital of £600,000 in shares ot £20. 1 he object is to bctiuire posses*ion of seven acres c1 land, covered with buildings, in the centre of the city of Milan, and to carry out certain improvements under a concession fiom the municipality. The coat of this pro- perty to the municipality was £818,335, bat the company will obtain it for £441,244, and according, apparently, to trustworthy esti- mates, its value under the projected altera- tions is likely to be largely increased. The prospectus < f the Nowgong Tea Com- pany of Assam (Limited) is issued. The ob- ject is to purchase and develops thirteen tea .estates, aheady in profitable cultivation, in the j rovince of Assam. The property com- prises 12,000 acres of freehold land, held direct from the Government, of which 2,182 acres ure planted, the plants on 240 acres being three years i,Id, and on 902 acres two years old. Toe purchase-money is £ 103,000, pay- able ly annual instalments, with interest at five per cent., extending over a period of six ytars. The capital is £250,000, in 25,000 tbaies of £10 each, with a first issue of 18,000 shares. Messrs. Alfred Whitwotth, Clemesha, and Co., financial aguits, of Manchester, have effected an arrangement to amalgamate the in n and engineering woiks of Missrs. Hop- kins and Co., both of Mlddlesborough-on TeeB, and to convert them into a joint-stock company, with limited liability, under the name of Hopkins, Gllkes, and Co, Limited. The capital of this company is fixed at £675,000, in shares of £16 each. Messrs. Pile, Spence, aud Co., shipbuilders and shipowners, of West Hartlepool and Liverpool, have arranged a transference of their property to a joint-stock company, with limited liability. The members of the late firm leave the whole of thtir capital in the new company, of which they take the ac- tive management. The capital is fixed nt £500,000, in 26,000 shares of £20 eaoh. More than one-halt the shares are already applied for, and the, list closes on the 31st inst. Among tbe other projects seeking public soppoit ore-the D.cks and Warehouses Company of Calcutta, with a capital of £800,000, the object being to construct docks in the port of Calcutta, tho want of which is a crying evil ; the Biitish Slate Com- pany, capital £100,000, to work extensive slate quarries in Wales; Cressey's London and Burton Steam Cooperage Company, capital £100,000, intended to "purchase and work Cressey's patents for manufacturing casks. &c;, by machinery, without the aid of skilled labour; the Metropolitan and St. John's Wood Railway, requiring a capital of £800,000 ; the Darjeeling Company, with £260,000 capi- tal, the object being to purchase two tea estates ; the Manchester Warehouse and Office Company, capital £100,000; Brill's Brighton Baths Company, capital £120.000 ; the Wholesale and Export Drug Company, capital £50,000 ; the Hull Joint-stock Timber Company, with capital of £120,000, to pur- chase and extend the business of Messrs. Challes Heaven and Co. ; and the East St, Just United Mining Company, capital £30,000. MERCANTILE FA1UJBE8. Mr. P. Vuccino. of Constantinople, with liabilities for £46,000. Messrs. Hill and Weguelin, Russia mer- chant?, of London, for £130,000. Liquidation expected to be favourable, Messrs. Edward de Coster and Co, general merchants, with liabilities for £60,000. The estate shows a surplus. Messrs. Grundier, Ormond, and Co, general merchants, with liabilities for £20,000. " This estate is to be wound up under a deed of assignment, and is expected to yield about 7s. in the pound. Messrs. Perry and Waasan, commission agents, with debts for £12,000, and assets for £1,200 ; to bo wound up under deed. Messrs, Johan Holm and Co, general mer- chants and shipowners, of Stockholm. Their chief losses are understood to .be in shipping, Accounts from the same quarter refer to the difficulties of the Yanto 8ugar-Refining Com- pany, but an attempt was being made to carry out an arrangement with the creditors. The liabilities are estimated at about £300,000. Messrs. Eyles, Evans, Hands, and Wells, who suspended seven weeks ago, are to pay a composition of 11s. in the pound. Messrs. Jas. Lanham and Co,, of the Bo- rough, wholesale provision merchants, have suspended, with total liabilities for about £»»,000. From Liverpool we have intelligence of the failure of MesBis. Edmund Thompson and Co., Australian merchants; liabilities stated at £60,000 ; also the stoppage of Messrs. Hal head, Fletcher, and Co., in the timber trade liabilities heavy, and prospects of liquidation unfavourable. Several other suspensions are reported from the same town, but they are not of sufficient importance to be particu- larized. The estate of Messrs. Nathan and Son, merchants and clothiers, of Honndsdltcb, shows assets valued at £86,002, against lia- bilities of £62,900. It was resolved, at a meeting of creditois, to accept a composition of 6}. in the ponnd. The deficiency arises from losses on consignments. MesBrs. Cuadra, Euciso, and Co, Spanish merchants, wbo suspended last month, ex- pect to pay ultimately 20s. in the pound. The assets are estimated at £6,600 over the lia- bilities. The Birmingham Post announces the stop- page of Captain Bennitt, of the Oldbury Furnaces, South Staffordshire.^ ¡Bad debts are assigned as the chief cause of this step. Liabilities conjectured to be about £60,000 to £70,000. In the Bankruptcy Court, on the 18th, some further proceedings were taken in the case of Messrs. John and Thomas Hall Gladstone, whose liabilities are stated to exceed £600,000, while the assets show scarcely le. in the pound. An adjournment was ordered in the case of Mr. John Gladstoneuntil the 8th of May, but Mr. Thomas Hall Gladstone (late chair- man of the International Bank, Limited) not having surrendered was proclaimed in the usual form. It was announced yesterday that Messrs, Southgate and Barrett, auctioneers to the book trade, had suspended payment. It Is stated that their liabilities represent a consi- derable amount. No intelligence has trans- pired respecting the assets. The suspension has been announced of Messrs. Eccles, Cartwrigbt, and Co,, at Liver- pool, with liabilities supposed to be large. The firm are connected with the cotton trade, and have acted as agents for an Indian house. DIVIDEND MEETINGS, &C.; At the 'half-yearly meeting of the Union Bank of Australia, held on the 9th inst., a dividend was d< elated of 46s, per share, being at the rate of eighteen per cent, per annum, while a balance of £1,320 was carried for- rard. On the 18th of January the annual meeting of the Peel River Land and Mineral Company took place. The report stated that the net Income was £13,013, nearly the whole of which has been derived from the profits of sheep farming. There also stands to the credit of the reservo fund a sum of £3,185. Of these amounts, £9,000 was appropriated as an interim dividend in July lout, aud a further sum of £6,000, or one per cent, has juBt been declared as a second dividend. A half-yearly dividend, at the rate of seven per cent, per annum, was paid on the 14th inst, on the shares of the South Australian Land Company. A general meeting of the New Zealand Trust and Loan Company was held on the 18th inst., when an interim dividend of Is. ptr shaie for the half-year was declared. A dividend at the rate of ten per cent, per at nu m was proposed to be paid to the share- holders of the Port Phillip and Colonial Gold mining Company ; but under existing cirenmstances that part of the report was not adopted. The meeting was held on the 24th inst. The half-yearly meeting of the Australian Ti net Corni any is convened for the 31st inst. ; that of the Scottish Australian Investment Company is to bo held on the 27th; and a special meeting of the Australian Agricul- tural Company is called for the last day of the month, A Lalf-yeaily meeting of the shareholders of tho Kapunda Mining Company was held cn the 18th, to receive information respecting tho opera tiona of tho company. Owing to the depression in the value of copper, sufficient profits bad not been made to warrant the pay mt nt of a dividend. The report of the directors of the Scottish Australian Investment Company (limited), to be culmitted at the meeting on the 27th inst., states the gross profits of the half-year at £16,662, and recommends a dividend on the ordinary stock at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum, leis income tax. which will re- quire £10,000, and leave at the credit of the reserved fund £7,281 11s. 3d. The ti pott of tbe English, Scottish, and AtiBt relian Chartered Bank, to bs presented on the 30th inst, stateB that although the available balance bas been reduced to £20,267, "by the provision which it has laen found necessary to make for expected lorKS «rising from failures at Melbourne," it will admit of the usual late of dividend (six per cent, per annum), and the appropriation of £7,C00 to ft-MTve, by which that fund will be raiEcd to £50,000. A special meering of the proprietors of the Union Bank <«f Australia is called for the 3rd Ftbiumy, "fer the puiposouf considering a pu posai for increasing the remuneration of tiiu br ard of directors, in accordance with a requisition which has been presentad to the directors, duly signed by the requisite number of proprietor*." DEVENUE, XBASE, ANO EMIGRATION RETUBNS, &0. The revenue returns are good. Comparing them with three quarters of the Chancellor's reducid estimât*, when he had allowed for his char ges, we find- _ Tbreequartorsofj^lA^ Chancellor a Estimates. throe quarter» up to Dec. 81, 1804. Customs .. Exclio Stumps laxen .. income-tax Post-ofllco .. Crown lands China and Japan Indemnity Miscellaneous £10,306,000 13,622,600 0,082,680 2,21)3,600 6,860,000 2,002 600 232,600 450,000 1,687,600 £17,002,000 14,210,000 7,020,000 2,804,000 4,831,000 3,005,003 220,000 1,843,235 £50,346,000 I £51,130,236 giving apparently an excess abovo the tft'tnate for the three quatters of only £790,285, or above £1,000,000 for the year. The eiceBs is, however, in reality very much larger. The income tax is always very much behindhand at this period, and a great por- tion of it is collected in the last quarter ; lhere is probably no credit yet given far the China and Japan indemnity, so that the sur- plus on the estimates for the year may well be taken at fully £2,000,000, and there will be, besides, the margin retained in the original estimate of £238,000. Even without im poitant reductions in the expenditure, if we allow for the natural annual increase in the revenue next year, the Chancellor of the Exchequer should have in his next estimates full £3,000,000 to dispose of for the' reduc- tion ot taxation. The revenue for 1863 was £70,486,620, and for 1864, after losing about £1,749,000 by remitted taxes in the last three quarters of the year, was Btill £70,125,374, that is, the increase this year has been cer- tainly very much above a million sterling. The Board of Trade returns for the month of November show the declared valne of our exportations to have been £12,066,213, being £693,110, or about five and a half per cent, lees than in tho corresponding month of 1863. Our exports of cotton goods were £3,043,357, which is nine per cent, less in value than in November, 18b3, but ninety per cent, more than in November, 1862. As regards quantity, the amount wes ten per cent, less than in November, 1863, and sixty- five per cent, more than in 1862. Of cotton yarns our shipments weie £635,263, or ten per cent, less in value and two per cent. lesB in quantity than in Novembe;, 1863, and 175 per cent, more in value and 129 per cent, more in quantity than in November, 1862 Of woollen manu- factures, the total for the past month shows a falling off of about five per cent, while in these of linen there was an increase of about ten per cent For the eleven months ended the 80th of November of the present year the value of onr exports shows an Increase of twelve per cent, over those of 1863, and thirty one per cent, over 1862. During last year shipbuilding upon the Mersey attained a prodigious and unparal- leled development, and at the present time I there are upon the stocks ships exceeding in i tonnage the whole amount added to the shipping of the port during the pressure of [ the Crimean war. The greater part of the shipping constructed by Liverpool builders during the year has been absorbed by the port, and during the samo period Liverpool shipowners have kept in active operation some of tbo principal building-yards of other parts of the kingdom. The twelve leading shipbuilders on the Mersey constructed in 1864 ninety-fonr vessels, exclusive of several iron barges intended for shipment to the East. Ol these ninety-four the majority, fifty-nine, are iron, sixteen steel, eight wood, and eleven composite ; forty are described as 6teamers, seventeen as paddle steamers; thirty six are described as sailing vessels, and nine- teen are not described in this respect at alL The total tonnage of the ninety-four vessels (adding fourteen barges) is 76,800; eighteen vessels and twelve barges are estimated at the total value of £230,000. Advices from Calcutta announce that on tho 22nd of November the Government issued a notification authorizing the sovereigns and half-sovereigns of the coinage of Australia, as well as of England, to be received at all the treasuries as the equivalent respectively of ten and five rupees. The various agencies of issues of the several circles of Government parer currency in British India were at the same time authorized to issue notes against these coins to the extent of one-fourth of the amount of their issues on bullion generally. The poBt-office authorities have announced that henceforward printed prices current and printed commercial lists received in this country from the colonies and foreign coun- tries will be classed in all respects with news- papers, and will not be charged on delivery with any postage above that usually charged on newspapers from the same colonies and foreign countries. Fiom the 1st January and thenceforward, patterns or samples of merchandise may be transmitted by post between England and the colonies of Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, Western Australia, Tas- mania, and New Zealand, either via South- ampton ot via Marseilles. Hitherto patterns coold not be sent to the colony of Queens- land. The following will be the rates of postage, which must be prepaid by means of postage stamps, viz.:-Pia Southampton. For a packet not exceeding four ounces, 4d. ; above four ounces, and not exceeding half pound, 8d. ; each additional half pound, np to two ï onnds, 8d. Kia Marseilles.-For a packet not exceeding four ounces, Gd. ; above four ounces and not exceeding half-pound, Is. ; each additional half-pound up to two pounds, Is. No packet of patterns or samples ex- ceeding the weight of three pounds can be sent to New South Wales j but on patterns or samples addressed to any of the other colonies above-mentioned the postage for heavier packets will increase by two rates of postage tor every half-pound, or a fraction of half pound wihout limit. The French Council of Commerce has recommended the abolition of the French Navigation Laws, advising that foreign and native ships should be placed on the same footing ; that materials for ship-building should bs exempt from duty ; that tonnage duty on foreign ships should be abolished; and that all differential duties should be reduced till in six years they disappear. It is believed that tbe Government will adopt these proposals; perhaps also lighten mate- rially the "inscription maritime, which now stops tbo inhabitant of the seaboard from attempting to become a sailor. It is said that Government seriously con- template taking some action under the Rail- way Act of 1844, which empowers them, on certain terms, to buy up more or less of the railway property in the country. A select committee will, in all probability, investigate the question next session ; bat it is competent to the Treasury, under the act mentioned, to effect purchases at the proper time, without resorting to fresh acts of the Legislature. Some accident has again happened to the telegraph cable between Malta and Alex- andria, so that messages between those places are once more suspended. ENGLISH SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVALS. Essex, at Gravesend January 8, from Port Phillip. Maid of Judah, at Gravesend January 1, from Sydney. Julia Rumor, at Gravesend January 11, from Mel- bourne. Star of Brunswick, at Callao, from Melbourne. DEPARTURES. Ada (put back), from Liverpool 9th January, (or Adelaide. Aunt Lizzie, from Gravesend 2nd January, for Ade- laide. Belgravia, from Gravesend 3rd January, for Auck- land. (Put back on 5th to Deal.) British Sovereign, from Deal 22nd January, for Sjdnoy. Clyde, from Gravesend 8th January, for Melbourne. Canaan, from Liverpool 17th January, for Adelaide. Clara, from Gravesend 23rd January, for Adelaide. Dartmouth, from Gravesend 26th January, for Sydney. Elphinstone, from Deal 16th January, for Port Phillip. Elisabeth Douthwalte, from Gravesend 9th Janu- ary, lor Adelaide. , European, from Shields (passed Deal) 17th January, for Sydr.oy. George II. Warren, from Liverpool 5th January, for Melbourne. Greyhound, from Gravesend 22nd January, for New Zealand. Indus, from Deal 12th January, for Hobart Town. John Duthie, from Gravesend 7th January (put back on 16th), for Port Phillip. Jason, from Deal 6th January, for Sydney. J oslo Gilbert, from Deal 7th January, for Otago. . Jubila, from Deal 20th January, for Adelaide. Lottie Warren, from Deal 31>t December, for Port Phillip. Landsborough, from Deal 16th January, for Moreton Bay. Morning Glory, from Gravesend 24th January, for Port PliUilp. Pegasus, from Gravesend 2nd January, for Mel- bourne. Kose, from Gravesend 7th January, for Nelson, Dinger, from Gravesend 13th January, for Moreton Bay. lied Hiding Hood, from Gravesend 19th January, for Sjdncy. I Spirit of tho North, from Gravesend 29th December, | for t>)duey. StvifUurc, from Deal 17th January, for Port Phillip. Sufsex, from Gravesend 28rd January, for Mel- bourne. . Thunderbolt, from Liverpool 13th January, for Melbourne.' f < ' ' Wlnlcrtliur, from Deal 24th January, for Auck- land. "? ' n j ' ,' VESSELS LOADING. At London. For Port Phillip -While Roso, Gresham, Surrey, Rangoon, Essex, Hornsdale, Brother's Pride, Ocean Chief, Magnificent For Sydney.-Dora, Maid of Judah, Cornwallis, Ballia. For Adelaide.-Runnymodo, Mary E. Ray, Jessica, Thames, Algernon, St. Leonards, Coldstream. . For Auckland.-Empress, Rangitoto, Lancashire Witeh, Ulcoats, John Duncan. For Canterbury.-Canterbury. Tor Nelson.-William Oynthor. For Otago,-Lizzie Southard, Queen of India, Race- horse. For Wellington -Borar, Martin Luther. For Swan Uiver.-Tartar, Bridgetown, Palestino. For Moreton Bay.-Caroline Elizaboth, Sunda, Lobelia, Commodore Perry, Spitfire For Launceston.-Mary Russo'.l Mitford. At Livrrpooi,. For Melbourne and Geelong -Feronla, Utopia, Shalimar, Lady F o wena, Yai guard, s s. For Sydney.-Mataura, Trobolrran. Tor Queensland -Maryborough. For Adelaide.-Sir John Moor«. At Glasgow. For Auckland.-Resolute. For Melbourne -Cores, Bruce. At Dundkk. For Melbourne.-Lyre Bird. CHARTER OF A CONDEMNED SHIP. Tho lai t advices from tho port of Illa do Janolro contain tho following paragraph. A condomnod foreign vessel, it appears, which had bcon sold for £1,110, has, alter an unsuccessful attnmnt to ropair lier, been chsrto ed for 15,500 to carry emigrants from Rio to Australia :-" Tho at prosont British ship Abrolhos, chartered for £5,600, to toko on to Port Sjliney, Australia, llio cargo and twenty-ehrht pas- sengers of tho condemned British ship Gorilla, was the condemned American ship Charles 8. Ponnolf, sold in this port by public auction in August last for £1,100 Btcrllntj. After an unsuccessful aitompt to repair her on the new patent slip In Scptombor and October, the Charles S Pennell obtained tho British flag under the new name of Abrolhos, and now pro- ceeds on to Australia with tho cargo and living freight of the Gorilla." In reference to this shameful transaction, tbo fol- lowing letter appeared a row daj s slnco in " Tho Times: "Sir,-You willhBve heard of tho condemnation of tile British ship Gorilla at Rio do Janolro, and that a vessel called the Abrolhos has been chartered for £5,500 to take en to Port Sydney, Australia, the cargo and passengers. "Now, presuming that tho Gorilla is unsoaworthy and properly condemned, I ask, with all deference and rapect, if a vessel condemned as unseaworthy in August last, and sold in auction for £1,100, was such a ship as the British consul at Rio do Janolro would bavo approved or allowed the twonty-oleht passengers to be transferred to to bo sont forward In, had ho been called upon for his sanction and consont.' " When, thcrofsre, tho lives of so many British subjects aro at stake, would It not bo such a precau- tion as our Government might easily adopt to require the approval of Hor Majesty's Minhter or Consul of any tcb-o! solocted, and thus obviate tho anomaly of taking twenty-eight passengers out of one condemned vessel to forward them by anotbor condemned a fow months before? " Emiobast." Tue J. E. H., from Molbourno, with £44,000 in gold, has now been at sea 103 days, and it is under- stood, thereforo, that all claims arlsingout of Insurances upon her will at once bo settled at Lloyd's, no hope being now entertained of her safety. Tho ships at present under chartor for tho convoy anco of Government emigrants are tbo Burlington, on the 2nd, and tho Clara on the 30th of January, from Plymouth to Adelaide; tho Trobolgan on tho 20th of February, from Birkenhead to Sydney ; and the Tartar, on the 28th of February, from Plymouth to Brisbane. Tho Emigration Commissioners havo also taken up tho ship Coldstream, for Adolaido. VESSELS SPOKEN WITH. St. Hilda, from Portsmouth, for Sydney, Nov 17, 1 N., 23 W. Winsome, from Havre, for New Zealand. 40 N., 7 W. Clodlan, from Syd noy, 30 S., 41 E. Annio Longton, from London, for New Zealand, Sep. 21, 80S., 12E. Tho Perlée, from Auckland, Nov. 4,87 S, 114 E. 