THE WEEKS NEWS. Appealing to the Sqeatteus.—Members of the Legislative Council have received copies of a printed circular begging them not to vote for the Bill relating to the Court of Apgeals. Subjoined is the chief argument of this precious document:— " You will be called upon to-day to exercise one of your most solemn functions, viz., to place a check upon hasty legislation. As representatives of the properly of the colonists you will be re quested to pass an Act giving the Ministry of the day power to reverse any decision of the Supreme Court affecting the rights of property in individuals. At the present moment actions are pending against the Crown in the case of pastoral lessees, with a view to try the legality of Goyder's valuations. No Ministry can stand for a day that would impugn those valuations; yet are the Ministry to have power given them to set aside a judgment in a case between the lessees and themselves! If the Supreme Court decides against the lessee he will have the privilege of appealiug to the Ministry to reverse a decision of the Supreme Court supporting the legality of Goydefs valuations! Dale the Ministry sit as a Court of Appeal in such a case? There is a unanimous judgment on record in the Supreme Court that there is no Conrt of ADDeaL and that judgment has not lieen set aside by any lusher tribunal. The present action of the Ministry appears, therefore, designed to bring the Executive into direct antagonism with the Judica ture, to make confusion worse confounded, and to bring the whole property of the community into danger for the sake of a little fleeting popularity." The author of this appeal to the self-interest of legislators does not venture to put his name to it, nor does he even obey the law by saying who is his printer. Ho doubt members of Council will appre ciate this advice to support the Bench in order that the Bench may support them! The Percy Lifeboat.—As some account of the Percy may be acceptable to many of our readers, we supply the following particulars : — The j lifeboat (kept as a reserve boat at Port Adelaide), sent out by the Agent-General in 1S60, was built I by Forrest, the boatbuilders to the Hoyal National Lifeboat. Institution, and a few months ago was [ found to be affected by dry rot to such an extent, that, after survey, she was found useless, and was therefore condemned and sold. She cost about £400, including freight from England. The Marine Board, considering some improvement could be made in the English model, directed their Fore man of Works (ilr. W. Taylor) to submit a plan and estimate for a new boat. The Government having approved of the expenditure, estimated at £250, by Mr. Taylor, under the supervision of the President of the Board (Captain Douglas), the new boat was built, and in memory of the late Duke of Northumberland, the late energetic and muni_ ficeut President of the National Lifeboat InstituI I tion, was, on being launched, named the Percy. The following are the principal dimensions of the new boat:—Length over all, 42 ft; breadth, 8 ft.; depth amidship, 3 ft 2 in. She pulls 14 oars. The whole of the deck and sloping sides inbsard (which are placed in lieu of tanks), together with the raised ends, are perfectly watertight. "Below the deck she is fitted with four watertight bulkheads, in each of which is a pump. She lias six delivery- | valves. Her rig consists of two standing lugsaiis i and j ib. When tested in the river she was capsized by means of the crane barge, and her self-righting qualities appeared to be perfect. When full of | water to the thwarts, the delivery valves cleared her in 33 seconds. Pulling she is extremely fast, having the advantage of speed in smooth water over a swift four-oared gig lielonging to one of the ships in the harbour. On the24tb, during a severe gale, the President (Captain Douglas) took her out side over the bar, and by carrying on a heavy press of canvas in a high breaking sea near the Light ship filled her several times. By easing the sheets and allowing the boat to come upright, the water ran through the valves in a very short space of time. She was tacked in a very heavy sea without losing her way. We congratulate the Marine Board on having such an efficient boat at their dis posal in the event of a .disaster occurring on the coast where the other lifeboats could not reach. The South-eastern Mails.—We understand that efforts are being made by Messrs. Biddoch i and Gordon, the members for the District of Victoria, to procure three mails per week to the South-Eastern District, in place of the two which run at present; but the change is not likely to be acceded to this year on account of the estimated cost of the additional mail, wliich is said to amount to £1,200 per annum. We are informed that the Government have instructed the Postmaster-1 General to call-for tenders for a mail twice a week [ from Narracoorte to Border Town. Postal Service. — We understand that the j Government have received a telegram from the j Queensland Government requesting this colony to join in a postal service by way of Torres Straits. The Albert Bells.—The Albert Bells Com mittee met on Monday, the 24th July, and | transacted routine business. The collectors paid in several subscriptions, and they were requested I to wait on the subscribers and get in the balance of | subscriptions promised. Echunga Gold.—Mr. Sweetapple, of Echunga, called at our office on Monday with some fine I specimens of gold, which had been obtained at the Ecbunga Diggings. One was a beautiful nugget ] wcigliing 15 dwts. The whole quantity we saw, wliicli, we understand, was the result of little more than a week's labour of several persons, weighed over a pound. The Weather at Glenelg.—On Tuesday morning, the 25th July, the mailboat was washed ashore at Gleuelg about 9 o'clock, and was slightly damaged. The roof of Clara Villa was j partly blown oil, but we have not heard of any | other damage of much consequence. A very heavy sea was washing all over the jetty. Insolvency Court.—His Honor Mr. Commis sioner Macdonald has so far recovered as to be able to resume his duties iu the Insolvency Court j on Tuesday, July 25. Vessel for the Northern Territory.—The Government being desirous of chartering a vessel to proceed to Adam Bay, Northern Territory called for tenders for that purpose, and the time appointed for the receipt of such tenders expired at noon on Thursday, July 27. On enquiry at the Chief Secretary's Office on Thursday afternoon, we were informed that up to that time no tender had been accepted. Adelaide Life Assurance and Guarantee j Company.—We beg to direct attention to the pro spectus of a projected Company under the above | title'which appears in this day's paper. Competitive Examinations.—The entries for | the Competitive Examinations closed on Thursday, July 27, up to which time only four applications bad been received, and those in the third class. The schools represented ate Mr. Nesbit's and the Felleuberg Commercial School. Wepresume that the small number of candidates may be attributed to the withdrawal of the funds necessary for money prizes by the House of Assembly, certificates of honour only being granted. The Temperance Hall.—The friends of the temperance cause will be pleased to learn that within the last few days the trustees of the Tem perance Hall have been enabled to pay off another £101) from the debt on that building, which has been accomplished tlirough the several efforts made by the bazaar, lectures, and concert, the pro ceeds of the concert augmenting the funds to the amount of £30. We may also mention that the ] Yankalilla Temperance Society has remitted £11 to the funds-an example which if followed by similar country Societies would clear off the whole amount of the present debt. We understand that the Temperance Society purpose holding their annual gala during the visit of the Bev. W. Taylor to this colony, that gentleman being a powerful advocate of the temperance cause, and that he will be invited to take part in the proceedings. _ Baimvays v. Common Roads.—The following view ot me comparative merits o! railways v. macadamized roads in Victoria is by Mr. T. Higinbotham. Engineer-in-Chief of that colony, and is included in the appendix to a report by a Select Committee of the Legislative Assembly on the desirability of constructing a branch line from the lliver Murray to the Ovens District:— "Comparison of the annual cost to the colony of one mile of railway and one mile of road, on the assumption that money for the construc \- tion of each is borrowed at tbe rate of 5i per cent.:— I Cost of one mile of railway, £9,000, at 5} > per cent, per annum £495 0 Cost of maintaining one mile of railway per annum 125 0 Total annual cost of railway ...£<20 0 Cost of one mile of road, including all bridges, £3,5U0, at 51- per cent, per aunum £192 10 Cost of maintaining one mile of road per annum 350 0 Total annual cost of road ... £542 10 The above comparison shows that, if a railway pays the hare cost of working the traffic (the maintenance of the line is provided for in the comparison), its cost to the colony, per. mile per annum, exceeds tliat of a road by £7710s. only; or, for a line of say one hundred miles (100 in.) long, by £7,750 a year. Against this increased cost to the colony at large is to be placed the great saving that a railway effects both in time and cost of carriage to the district in which it is made; but if a railway costing £9,000 per mile pays even 1 per c lit. on the outlay after the expenses of working the traffic have been provided for, tbe annual cost of the railway to the colony is less than the annual cost of the road by £1210s. per mile, or £1,250 for a line 100 miles long. I bare taken 51 per cent., because that is the rate at which the Government borrows at present. If the Government lines now open had been constructed at the rate of £9,000 | a mile, the receipts of 1SU4 would have left a profit of upwards of 13 per cent, on the outlay, after | working expenses and maintenance of the lines had been provided for." Waixaboo News.—We take tlie following from the Wallaroo Times:—"Tile last remaining wood burniug furnace at the smelting works has just been converted into a coal-consuming furnace, 24 of which, besides those in the refinery, are now in operation, and turning out large quantities of copper. One week this month the large quantrty of 100 tons was turned out of tire refinery, the greatest quantity yet made- in the same time. The ordinary produce is about SO tous.—The quantities of copper ore exported during the month are as follow:—Karkarilla, 54 tons 5 cu-t.; Wallaroo, 450 tons; New Cornwall, 47 tons 5 cwt.; Moonta, 517 tons; making a total of 1,0581 tous; and of copper from the Wallaroo Smelting Works, S5 tons." Taljskeh Mining CoiiPANr.—A special general meeting of the T'alisker Mining Compauy was held, at the Company's offices, liiudley street, on Wednesday, July 2(5, for the pur pose of empowering the Trustees or the Direc tors of the Company to borrow on mort gage, bill of sale, or other security, or on secured debentures, a sum or sums of money. A number ; of shareholders were present, and Mr. J. M. Tapley occupied the chair. Mr. W. Kay moved, and Mr. Porter seconded—" That the Directors of the j Talisker Mining Company, Limited, be and are hereby authorized to borrow on the debentures of the Company the sum cf £5,000, or any less sum, | m debentures of £25 each, such debentures to bear interest at 124 per cent, per annum, to be secured ] by a mortgage on leasehold section No. 1554, Hundred of Waitpinga, by an assignment of the unpaid calls in the Company, and by a bill of sale over the chattels or any of them of the Company, to Joshua Little, James Porter, and W. E. Sanders (as loan Trustees) for securing the said debentures."" It was also resolved—" That in the event of the Directors finding themselves unable to raise the requited amount of £5,000 by de bentures, they be authorized to take such steps as they may find requisite to procure the amount by way of mortgage or otherwise." Carried—" That the above resolutions, having been duly read, proposed, seconded, and carried unanimously, that the Chairman be and is hereby | authorized to sign, seat, and deliver these minutes on behalf of this meeting." A report from Capt. Barker was read, from which it appeared that since Captain Price had had charge of the property the I following ground had been speut:—Tutwork sink- ; iug, 147 fathoms; tutwork driving, 192 fathoms; and tutwork stuping, 110 fathoms. From February, 1864, to February, 1S65, the quantity of ore returned was 908. tons 5 cwt., averaging 2J, tons per fathom of 40 per cent, of lead. He estimated the reserves as being 970 tons. The captain recom mended that the necessary machinery and furnaces for more extensive working be provided at the same time, and that the leads be driven and the ground opened on capital account. He further j stated, in concluding his report, that he could not advise on the surface operations, machinery, and ] furnaces, as the whole was too limited in proportion to the merits of the property, and at the same | time he felt that no other course was open to them except to add yearly to their plant until a state of j efficiency was arrived at. A letter was also read from Captain Price, remarking on the state of the mine, and giving a plan of operations for the next six months. The meeting then closed. Bbemeb Mine.—We have been favoured with the following abstract of Captain Prisk's report on the Bremer Mine to the 24th July:—".The fol lowing is my repoit for the past month:—The engine-shaft continues hard for sinking. The branches running across the shaft appear to im prove, some of them making good dradge-work. The south end of the 63 continues to look well. We have driven through tbe great slide, and find a i splendid lode both over and under it. This end is stopped for the time owing to the air being very bad. The men are put to rise to No. 2 Winze; as soon as this is holed we intend to recommence to drive the end south, under the shoot of ore. No. 3 ' Winze is down 11 fathoms from the 53-Ievel; sunk through a good course of ore all the way. The stope in the bottom of the level, near the end of the 53, is not quite so good as last month; but from the appearance of the bottom a fathom or two ahead it will soon improve, as there is a good lode gone down. We are now very busy putting in stalls at the 53 for stoping the hack, as the stages in the 43 are getting very thin, and will soon he worked out, but what we have left of them is still holding very good. On Boundey's Lode, at the 33-fathom level, we have cut a shde taking the same dip as the great slide on the main lode, and to every appearance it is the j same thing, as it has had the same effect as it had on the other lode. We are now near holing to the 33 cross-cut driven east from the engine-shaft on the flookan. We have set a pitch iu the hack of the 23-fathom level south of the shaft; the pair are raising some good black ore, and are doing well. Quantity of ore raised and dressed during the month, 340 tons; quantity lying on the floors ready for smelting, over 1,000 tons, and from 3,000 to 4,i 00 tons of dradge. I am pleased to say the mine never looked so well, and from the prospects which we have of smelting in the ensuing season, I ] hope soon to see a good profit made to the Com pany." Secbetabyship of the Wilkawat Mining ! Company.—A meeting of the Board of Directors of the Wilkawat Mining Company was held at Mr. John Clark's establishment, King William street, on Tuesday, 25th instant, to discuss the merits of the applications for the Secretaryship, when Mr. J. S. Scott was elected out of 13 ] candidates. Adelaide Football Club.—A correspondent sends us the following:—"The general annual meeting was held yesterday afternoon at the | Gresliam Hotel—Sir. T. McEllister in the chair. The balance-sheet for last year could not be exa- j mined, as Mr. J. Coulls, the Secretary for last year, had gone to Melbourne without leaving a state- j ment how the Club stood. Mr. J. M Borrow was elected as Hon. Secretary for the ensuing year, being proposed by Mr. J. E. Schlinke, and ! seconded by Mr. J. C. Bray; and the following j gentlemen were proposed to form the Standing ' Committee, viz., Messrs. W. W. Anderson, A. L. Fullarton, Geo. Aldridge, Arthur Malcolm, J. Phillips, and J. M. Borrow (Hon. Sec). It was arranged to f play the opening game tliis day j on the North Park Lands with the Modbury and Teatree Gully Clubs at 2 o'clock. The Secretary was instructed to write to Mr. Coulls for a state ment of last year's accounts. A vote of thanks to I the Chairman for the able way in which he fulfilled Iris duty closed the meeting. The Straw-Necked Ibis.—A fine specimen of ] the straw-necked ibis, lately taken at Venus Bay, was sent to us by a gentleman residing there, with a request that we would place it at the disposal of the Curator of the Museum, by whom it has been accepted with thanks. We find that the bird is common in many parts of the colony, especially on some parts of the Murray. We subjoin a short description, extracted j from Gould's "Birds of Australia:"—"<?e-l ronticus spinirollis (Straw-necked Ibis).—This beautiful ibis lias never yet been discovered out of ] Australia, over the whole of which immense country it is probably distributed, as it is more abundant in certain localities at one season than at | another; its presence, iu fact, appears to depend upon whether the season be or be not favourable to the increase of the lower animals, upon which the vast hordes of this bird feeds. After the severe drought of 1S39 it was in such abun dance on the Liverpool Plains and on those of the Lower Namoi that to compute the number in a single flock was impossible. It was also very numerous on the sea side of the great Liverpool range, inhabiting the open down and flats, particularly such as were studded with shallow lagoons, through which it would wade knee- high in search of shelled inollusks, frogs, and insects. Independently of the food I have mentioned it feeds on grasshoppers and insects generally. The natives informed me that some times many seasons elapse without the bird being coon Wlioro tlion .lnocttnn? To bucLU uuic, titcUf uucs ii. yu i xv wiiax country does it pass? Does there not exist a vast oasis in the centre of Australia to which the bird migrates when it is not found in the located parts of the country? We may reasonably suppose such to be the case." Tasmania.—The Tasmanian Parliament com menced its sittings on the 18tli July. The Governor attended in person. The Hon. Mr. Nairne was elected President of the Legislative Council. The Governor, in his speech, referred to the fact that on the opening of the previous session he had announced that for the first time for several years the public income was in excess of the expenditure, and expressed his regret that he was not able to repeat that assurance. Tiic remedy he pointed out must be a development of internal resources, amongst which their extensive forests and rich virgin lands were the most obvious. He recommended a revision, extension, and con solidation of the laws regulating local self-govern ment, the founding of Industrial Schools and Reformatories, and enquiry into the efficiency of the Volunteer Force, the assimilation of the pro cedure of the Supreme Court as closely as possible to that of England, an amendment of the law affecting main and by roads, and promised that the Estimates should be carefully compiled with a view to wise economy and an efficient conduct of the public service. New Zealand .Mail Service.—At the annual meeting of the West India Koyal Mail Steam packet Company, held in London in April, it was stated in the report of the Directors that "since the last meeting the contract between the New Zealand Government and the Panama, New Zea land, and Australian Royal Mail Coirpany had been completed, and it provided for a nine-lrnot service for £90,000, and a ten-knot service for £110,000. Volunteers in England.—The Illustrated Hews of April 22 says"A rifle volunteer named Colson has been seut to prison, at Grantham, for 28 days with hard labour, for not paying his sub scription of 10s." 1 The Baptists at Kapunda.—A. correspondent writes:—"Interesting services were held here on Sunday, July 23. in connection -with the com mencement of a Baptist cause, on which occasion the i!ev. Silas Mead, M.A., delivered two earnest ami impressive discoiuses in Mr. Moyle's Masonic HalL The sermon in the morning was from Matt. iii. 15; that in the evening from .Revelations xxii. 17. The congregations were numerous and attentive. The services are to he continued by various ininisteis of the denomination until the arrival of a minister from England, who may be expected in six or eight mouths.'' The Rev. W. Tayloe.—Tlie Rev. W. Taylor, a minister of the Wesieyan denomination from California, and who is now on a visit to the Aus tralias for the benefit of liis health and for the purpose of raising funds towards the re-erection of his church in San Francisco, which was unfortu nately burnt down some time ago, and whose visit to (his colony has been anxiously looked for by the members of the Wesieyan Church, arrived hy the Penola on Sunday morning, aiid preached in Pirie street Chapel in the afternoon and evening. His success as a preacher has been undoubted, and ; great revivals have taken place wherever he has j visited. The chapel was crowded at both services, hut more particularly in the evening, when numbers of persons went away, being unable to | obtain admittance. The rev. gentleman discoursed in the afternoon from Actsi. 8—"But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come | upon you; and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of >• . 1- -c r the earth. Those were the last words of Jesus Christ, and the rev. gentleman referred to the deep impression the last words of a beloved fiicnd on the eve of departure were calculated to make upon his relatives or friends, and the impression made upon the disciples by those last words of their beloved Lord and Master. He pointed out the promise contained in the text, and which was fulfilled in a striking manner on the day of Pente cost, when many souls were added to the Lord. The position of the christian Church in Judea in that day was referred to, and the many disad vantages they then laboured under in the dissemi nation of the truth. There were no external evidences of power like the Christian Church possessed in the present day; but the disciples waited in faith for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit upon them, which they received, and that was the source of all the power they afterwards wete possessed of in their proclamation of the truth. He then impressed upon the minds of his hearers the fact that the fulfilment of the promise of giving the Holy Spirit demonstrated the truth of the Saviour's promise and of the Gospel to the end of the world. It was the same truth and the same Gospel now as then, and just as easily obtained by those who earnestly Bought it; and the same manifestations of the Spirit could be obtained now as then by their asking in faith; if they received not it was because they asked amiss. Access to Christ was just as free, God was in their midst as He was with His people hundreds of years ago. In con clusion, he invited all to ask for, and earnestly seek to obtain, the spirit of God to their ever lasting salvation, and impressed .upon them the duty and responsibility resting on all with reference to caring for the spiritual welfare of others. In the evening Sir. Tayior preached from Ezekiel xxxiii. H—"As I five, saith the Lord God, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked; but that the wicked turn from his way and live: turn ye, turn ye from your evil ways; for why will ye die." He first directed attention to the words of the Almighty contained in the first part of the text, from which encouragement eould he taken. All were invited to live. God willed not the death of any one, but wished all to turn to him and be saved. In those words lie showed the feelings of tenderness and of paternal love which He felt towards them, and which He would continue to feel towards them if they turned not from H in» and grieved not His Holy Spirit. In solemn and impressive language he told them that God was not only a sympathetic and loving father, hut a righteous sovereign, and warned them of the fearfui consequences of a refusal to turn and live. The question was one of life and death, and it was of the utmost importance that a decision should be at once made. He pointed out the heavy re sponsibility and agency of man in the matter. All had been done by the Almighty that it was possible for him to do, and if refusal was persisted in man passed sentence of death upon and placed himself in a position from which it was utter hopelessness to endeavour to free himself. The rev. gentleman, towards the end of his sermon, paused, and asked all to indulge in a few minutes silent reflection and prayer, when an intense feeling of solemnity prevailed, during which he sang a hymn, and afterwards concluded his discourse hy again forcibly impressing upon his hearers the importance of immediate decision in the matter of tlieir soul's salvation. A prayer meeting was held after the service, when the body of the chapel was filled. Mr. Taylor preached every evening during the week, except Saturday, to large congregations in Pirie-street ChapeL. ! New Peisiitive Methodist Chapel.—The , foundation-stone of ' a Primitive Methodist Ghapcl at North Kensington was laid by Sir. J. E. ! Moulden on Monday, July 24. In consequence of the threatening aspect of the weather, and several heavy showers having fallen during the afternoon, there was only a thin attendance of spectators. After the singing of a hymn, and prayer having been offered by the Rev. A. Pithouse, Mr. J. E. Moulden performed the ceremony of laying-the . stone; after which he addressed a few words to those present. He remarked that as the weather was so very unpropitious it would not he advisable to speak at any length. They all knew that that edifice was to he erected for the worship of God and the spread of His trnth, and he trusted that all those present would see it finished, and he spared to worship there. It was a matter of convenience to have buildings of that kind where soul could meet with soul for the purpose of worshipping God. In the business of the world men required places where their business could be transacted. So it was with Christians; they required places where they could meet for spiritual comfort. He observed that in speaking of their particular Church many of their greatest meetings had been open-au- meetings,and from the time of the Israel ites from the time of Christ such meetings had always been in accordance with Scripture and with the teaching of Christ, whose addresses were not always given in the temple, hut chiefly on the mountains, or hy the seashore, which showed that the custom of tlie Primitive Methodists was a highly commendable one. He then referred to the privileges they then enjoyed as compared with the state of the Church when it first sprung into existence. After a few further remarks, the Rev. H. Cole gave a short address. He said they could not but be pleased to witness the laying of tlie foundation-stone of another plaee of worship in connection with their Church. As had been stated, the greatest triumphs they had experienced as a people had been gained in the open air, and they now reaped the advantages of what these and others had done in that way. It was some satis faction to thciu that they could now erect houses of prayer without infringing upon the rights of others, and it was their duty to forward their reli gion by all means in their power. Borne might ask why they wanted a chapel in that place when there were so many chapels ami churciies around; but they must observe that the Primitive Methodists had a work to do of their own, and no one else could do it for them. Their labours were amongst a class of persons which could not be reached so weil by other people. Their mode of worship bad been objected to by some who had consi dered them an unruly, noisy set of people, and had said less confusion and excitemeut would be better. With reference to that objection he would say that they could not be otherwise in the salvation of souls. They could not be too earnest in saving souls from eternal death: they were perishing around, and they in tended, by the help of God, to lift up their trumpet and endeavour to bring sinners to God. In erectiug that plaee they had no selfish motives; in doing so it would he for the benefit of those who would come after them, and they, so far as the work was concerned, were purely disinterested. Might they live to see that house reared without accident, and might many be there brought to a knowledge of the truth. Offerings were then placed upon the stone, and another hymn having been sung, and prayer and the benediction being offered by tfie l'ev. H. Cole, the ceremony was brought to a conclusion. The chapel will be neat, and un pretending in appearance, the dimensions being 30 ft. bv 21 ft. in the clear, and height from floor to 'ceiling 15 ft., and the estimated cost about £340. A public tea and meet ing was afterwards held in tlie Kensington Institute, when about 80 persons sat down to a substantial tea. The evening meeting, at which there was a good attendance, was presided over by Mr. J. E. Moulden, who, after praise and prayer, opened tlie meeting by a few apptopriate remarks upon the object of the. meeting and upon the rapid progress of tlie Primitive Methodist Church. The Her. H. Cole was then called upon, and addressed the meeting upon the principles and history of Primitive Methodism, the persecutions they were exposed to and the disadvantages under which they laboured in .their efforts to disseminate the truth in the. early days of the Church, He also referred to the fact that many had been prejudiced against them of late; hut that was now wearing oil', . and they as a people were being seen in their true light. They had done their work in that part of Cod's tine yard, ami their labours had been blessed; and they intended to go on in their work. He stated that the chapel would cost about £335, of which amount they were desirous of raising -£U0 by the opening of the eliapel. They had received several handsome subscriptions; but he would not enter much into money matters that evening. The Hev. J. Tallack expressed his pleasure at being present that evening, and in an earnest address referred to the prosperity and number of t he churches of their bodv, the principles of their holy religion, and the privileges they enjoyed. He asked them to help them by every means in their power, and they would lie blest. The Hev. A. Pithonse followed, and in a humorous speech, abounding in anecdote, interested the meeting for some time. He re marked that by thestep they ha-1 taken that day they had acknowledged that there was a God, aud he be lieved that if the members of the CUurcli who would meet there would act up to their pnfession there would be many souls born there to the glory of God. He impressed upon them the duty of exerting their influence for good on those around them. The Hev. T. Jarrett next spoke, and gave an earnest address; after which, the usual votes of thanks hating been cordially carried, the meeting closed with singing an i prayer. The proceeds of the tea and collection amounted to about £10. A Cof.iiectiox.—Iu the letter of our Khmuantoo correspondent, published last week, a paragraph occurs referring to the removal of a storekeeper which is not correct. In the making-up of the I paper the passage was unfortunately transposed from its proper place, which was in our Mintaro correspondent's letter. The paragraph should he read, then, iu connection with Mintaro -and not I with Kanmantoo. I The Rev. J. Maughan's Lecture at Norwood. —On Thursday evening the Rev. J. Alaughan lectured on behalf of the Primitive Methodist Society at the Town Hall, Norwood, on "The Life of Socrates, and the character of Athens in his time." There was a tolerably good attendance, and Mr. O. H. Goode, ALP., presided. The pro ceedings having been opened by the Rev. J. Jarrett with Einging and prayer, the Chairman introduced the rev. lecturer by' stating that it gave him great pleasure to have the opportunity of showing his sympathy with that section of the Church wjth which the greater portion of the audience present that evening was connected. He was also glad to liave the opportunity of indicating the interest he took in all the social and religious movements of his constituency at East Torrens; and further, -he had come with the anticipation of enjoying an in tellectual treat in the lecture, and of learning some of the interesting lessons with which the life of Socrates so eminently abounded. The rev. gentle man then proceeded with his lecture. He rapidly viewed the character of Athens at the time of the birth of Socrates, gave a great many interesting particulars of his history, and playfully enumerated the many lessons which that history was calculated to teach, introducing as he proceeded a number of allusions to the social and political position of this colony at the present time. The lecture'was listened to with marked attention, and frequently applauded throughout. Votes of thanks having been accorded and duly acknowledged, the meeting closed with the singing of the doxology. New Presbyterian Church.—The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of a new Pres byterian Church at Golden Grove took place on Monday afternoon, July 24. The weather on the occasion was very boisterous and unfavourable; but notwithstanding that there was a large at tendance of spectators. The proceedings were commenced by the singing of a hymn, after which the Rev. Sir. Drummond read a portion of the Scriptures and offered up prayer. He then read a copy of the document which was in the bottle, and which was to be placed under the stone, stating the object of the building; and giving the names of the Trastees. The rev. gentleman then performed the usual ceremony of laying the stone, and pro ceeded to address those assembled in eloquent and appropriate teims. The service was concluded by the singing of a hymn, and the offering of a prayer by the Rev. J. R. Ferguson, of Salisbury. The assemblage then adjourned to the schoolroom, which was well filled, to hear a lecture on "The Scottish Covenanters," given by the Rev. James' Lyall, of Adelaide. ' The-lecture, which was of a very interesting nature, was listened to with marked attention throughout. At the eloseof the lecture a collection was made on behalf of the ' bunding tad, and amounted to upwards of £13. ihe building is intended to accommodate'200 persons, and is situated upon a piece of land granted for the purpose by Mr. Robertson. The structure, when completed, will have a very appliance, and its cost will be about ±350, of which amount about £240 has already been contributed. • Pout Adelaide Young Men's Association.— A correspondent says:—"The second annual meeting of the Port Adelaide Young Menu Asso ciation took place on Tuesday evening" last for the purpose of disposing of general business and ihe election of new members for the next yearl There was a very good attendance of members, and ;M> Anthony's report (as Secretary and Treasurer) spoke very encouragingly of the increasing pro sperity of the Association, which nownumbered 41 members. The report of the Librarian' (Mr. Frewin) also spoke'very favourably of the books in possession of the Society, and stated that 'the library numbered at present upwards of 40 volumes, consisting of some of the best modem authors He also remarked that Captain Hart had kindly promised a contribution towards theiilerarywants of the Association, and which wiU-no doubt form a valuable addition to the library; and would he thoroughly appreciated by its members. The Rev. Mr. Pollitt's resignation as. Vice-Presi dent was accepted, and a vote ofthanks ren dered to that gentleman for his past services. The officers elected for the ensuing .year ^-were Rev. C. Mairyat, President; Rev. S. Green and Sir. B. Douglas, Vice-Presidents; Mr.G. Anthony, so long acting as Secretary and Treasurer, was again elected to the two offices; Mr. Frewinals retains by vote the office of Librarian. The billot for the Standing Committee to cany ont all arrangements in connection with the Association resulted in the election of Rev. G. Marryat, Rev. S. Green, Capt B. Douglas, Messrs. G. Anthony, H. W. Frewin, C. F. Gunther, and W. B. Webb. The Chairman announced that the subject of nest meeting would be a paper on 'Lord Byron' and a debate on 'Napoleon Bonaparte.' Votes of thanks to the Chairman and past officers dosed the proceedings," Lecture.—On_Eridax-£imnmg;. July "S3,There was a large meeting of members of the Hmdmarsh Institute in the District Hall. Mr. Pickering; M.P.. presided, and introduced Mr. C. H. Goode, M.P., who delivered a most interesting and instructive lecture, the subject being his own " Reminiscences of a Trip to Italy." The lecture was much and deservedly appreciated. When some member of the Institute rose to move the thankb of the meet ing, a gratifying and unanimous vote ofthanks was voted by acclamation. It is scarcely necessary to state that the lecture was a gratuitous one; hut it must be recorded that the sum received for admission was sufficient to purchase'some desired additions to the library of the Institute; which is advancing in numbers, utility, and public favour. The Late Railway Accident at tee Port. —It is scarcely hoped that John Sieben will recover from the injuries he lately sustained at the Port Railway Station, as since the amputation of his leg he has gradually sunk to a very enfeebled con dition from loss of blood and other causes. At first it was supposed he .would soon return to some task on the Railway staff adapted to his condition, hut his case now is hopeless. He has been for many years in the Government service—first under the Trinity Board, then in the Customs Depart ment, and finally on the Railway, and every person in those departments speaks most favourably, of his general conduct. Accident in the River.—A lad named Charles Wynes was on Thursday morning brought up-the Port in a fishing-boat, having been taken off the cutter Garibaldi, in which his father (Charles Wyues>, brother John, and himself had been engaged in procuring firewood. He slates that whilst beating up the river on Monday last the vessel gibed, and his hither was knocked overboard by the boom. His brother immediately launched a diugey, and succeeded in picking up. his father; but being unable to reach the vessel made for the Peninsula shore, but it is not known whether they were enabled to effect a landing. After waiting for some time, the state of the weather induced the lad to slip the anchor, and the cutter was allowed to drift amongst the mangroves in the . Gawler Flats, Horn which position he - was rescued on Thursday morning. Shortly after the lad's return the police-boat and two other boats 'were dispatched to make a search,' with a view of ren dering assistance or to ascertain the fate of the unfortunate men. Some other persons proceeded along the shore in the hope of finding them. The Nicol Bay Expedition.—The following extract from a letter just to hand from Portland relative to the Nicol Bgy settlement will he read with interest:—" Several letters have been received from the Nicol Bay settlers. They write in ex cellent spirits, and speak well of the country. Mr. Ed. Anderson and party have been remarkably fortunate, having succeeded in taking their stock over without any losses to speak-of: They have got hold of a fine tract of country, on which their stock are doing well Mr. McLeod was very un fortunate with Ins stock on the passage and im< mediately-after landing. He has now only 300 sheep out of about 1,200. I also read a letter from Venn, who went away from Robe with the Camden Harbour party. He speaks, well of the country; and as for the climate, he wears the same sort of clothes that he did in the South-East. The party .nth 1L. j; a wicu wiuca ne sauea uaa ncara tnc disastrous news about Camden Harbour and the -party that proceeded them, so they determined- to. land at Nicol Bay. This intelligence hasquite cheered the Portland friends of the adventurers after the bad accounts that came to hand of the first Camden Harbour lot."—BorderWatch, July 22. Imported Beef.—The beef imported bom Mel* bourne per Coorong was sold at the Port on Mom day by Mr. Charles Jenkins. The highest price obtained was 45s. per 100 lbs. Part of the com signment was bought in at 42s. 6d. per 100 lbs. for Kapunda. The Kainfall at Wellington:—Our correspon dent says:—"Very heavy rain fell at Wellington on the ISth July. It continued during the greater part of the day and night, and will be very bene ficial to farmers and others in the neighbourhood. What is wanted now is a little warm weather." Tradesmen's Ball.—The first of a series of subscription balls came off on Wednesday evening at the South Australian Assembly Booms, Hindlcy-street. There were about 30 coupled present, and they enjoyed themselves heartily to the sweet strains dispensed by Mr. Chapman and assistants. The arrangements of Mr. Bines, master of the ceremonies, gave every satisfaction, and the scries of balls so pleasantly commenced is likely to furnish occasion for many very agreeable reunions. An Amphitheatre.—A preliminary meeting, attended by about '50 persons, was held at the Criterion Hotel on Monday, for the purpose of taking into consideration a proposal to establish a theatre for equestrian and* dramatic entertain ments. Various schemes were submitted to the meeting, but nothing definite was agreed to, and the meeting adjourned to a future day. Theatrical.—I.yster's Opera Company, we see by the Queensland Times of the 11th July, had announced, as a first performance at Ipswich, " The Daughter of the Regiment." Mr. Beaumont, 1 favourably known in Adelaide as a fine tenor singer, is referred to as a favourite member of the company. 