IMPROVED FARMING. A nuisance has generally great tenacity of life. However much it may be smitten, cuffi'd or kicked, it is surprising how it will manage to live on. Every reformer who has set himself to remove an acknowledged evil has been made to feel this, and it is only by continued and persevering action, after many blows and sharp thrusts, that a real nuiaanco is vanquished and made to give up the ghost. It is very generally admitted that the usual way in which farming operations are conducted in these colonies is a sad midtako and a great evil; a wasteful, extravagant method, unjust to tho land, and ruinous to the farmer. The moro intelligent of our agriculturists have felt this, and have been trying for years past to introduce a moro reasonable and commoH sense method, but with very little success. The evil of bad farming lives on. It iB acknowledged, but not improved. The land atill continues to be drained year by year of its very life-blood, and comparatively little is done to keep up its strength and to restore to it thoso dements of which annual wheat cropping deprives it. We have on former- occasions shown how the Smitlifleld Farmers1 Club, which consists of a number of intelligent agriculturists, have manfully set themselves to tho work of ex posing the folly of the farming now in existence, and of getting into practice newer and improved methods of cultivation. A few weeks ago we published Dr. Muecke's admirable paper on scientific farming, read before tho Club, and which we sea has been republished from our columns, with commendatory remark?, by the Australasian; and we have now before ub another paper read before the same Club by Mr. Talbot,followingup that of the Rev. Doctor, in which we find several important observations on the present methods of farming in South Australia. The question raised by Mr. Talbot was whether it was most profitable foe the farmer to work out his land until it couM no longer yield a remunerative crop, and then pass on to another occupation, or bya healthy system of manuring preserve as nearly as pos sible the original properties of the virgin soil ? Hs asserts that on tho Gawler Plains, as in other narts of the colony, the former system has extensively prevailed, and that it has been attended with deplorable results. The farmer has done with his land what Mrs. Stowe represents Legree as doing with his niggers getting as much out of them as possible, whether they lived or died, because it was cheaper to buy fresh hands than to spare old ones by treating them kindly. Amongst the evils of this system applied to land tho writer of the paper refers to the wretched homesteads in which many settlers are content to dwell, and which are destitute of not simply the comforts but the ordinary conveniences which every house should possess. And it is hardly to be supposed that the man who does not care for the comfort ef himself and his family will take much thought for his cattle. If housed at all it is in miserable Bheds neither wind nor water proof. These are amongst the minor evils which the system of working out the land necessarily entails. But the greatest mischief of all is the utter impoverishment of the soil Which constant cropping brings. It is surely deprived of those ingredients which science and experience have shownare absolutely necessary fortheproduotion of grain, and if the system of annual cropping be persisted in while nothing is returned to the land, it will follow as a necessary result that the Boil will be ruined. This is a question which does not admit of two opinions, and the most competent witnesses have testified that to this causo principally is to 'be attributed the gradually decreasing crops relatively to the breadth of land sown which have been obtained of Lite yean. Tho only cure for this state of things is proper manuring. On this point Mr. Tulbot agrees substantially with Dr. Muecke, and indeed with all scientific men who have written on the important subject of agricul tural chemistry. Very often the failure of the crops, which really arises either from the absence of manuring or from ' improper manuring, is ascribed to other causes. Blight, inacct?, hot winds, want of rain, are referred to as accounting for the meagre crops, when the real cause may be in the bod farming. And this is shown by the fact th»t wherever virgin soil is broken up for the growth of wheat there fine crops are still produced. None of tke causes which are often brought forward to account for tbe small yield on old landa appear to operate .when new country is cultivated. The conclusion, then, is irresistible that the decreasing crops are owing more to the deterio ration of tho soil than to the other causes referred to. What is needed, therefore, is to keep up as fkr as possible the original quality of the soil, and in that way good crops will be secured. ' ; - But this can be done only by the judicious use of suitable manures. The earth is deprived . of some of its component elements by every crop taken from it, and there is bo remedy for this except by supplying artificially to the exhausted soil those ingredients which are necessary- to the production of wheat, and of which the constant drain has deprived it. Wo have no inore right to expect good crops from land which is made to give everything nnd to receive nothing thas we b»w to expect good beef from cattle which are not supplied irith.theproper kind of beei'-making food. tIn both cases we hare to give that we may receive. Of course, the great objection to free manuring is the expense attending ir. Many of the small Earmera? are men ,of limited capital who tiavo' to live in a hand-to-mouth way, and whose great anxiety is to- get «s much off the land as Jt_will yield at a minimum cost of labour. But Mr. Talbot shows that at a very small increase in the present cost of wot king jomethiog considerable might be done. The 3rays which carry wheat to tho market, and irhich often return empty, ought to bring back the contents of cesspools, so rich in nitro genous elements, and give them to the hungry land. And then tbe stable manure, so much of which is now wasted through sheer careless ness, ought to be better preserved. Too often Lhe best parts of the manure-heap escape by Evaporation, which by i little care ought to be kept for the eoil. Without, then, necessitating much more capital, by care and forethought the system of farming here might be unproved considerably. We have said before that ' high forming,' as it is understood in England, is hardly pos sible in this colony; nor perhaps, with the large breadth of land available for agricultural purpose?, is it needed. But there may be an approximation towards it. The use of phos phatio manures is already coming into use amongat some of our most enterprising farmers who are wise in their generation. But there are untold sources of wealth around us, which, were they applied to ogrioulture, would produce wonderful results, btat which are now utterly wasted. England has only lately learned the value of the refuse of towns and villages, and is now trying to turn to useful account that which has so long been wasted. The continental savans have been complaining loudly that England has been getting moro than her fair share of phosphates at tbe expense of other nations, while she has been allowing her own to run wastefully into tho sea. And scientific men are discussing the question with great earnestness. We never tako up an English paper devoted to the agricultural interest without finding some reference to this im portant subject. It comes up at every agricultural meeting, and is discussed by hundreds of pens. And although we cannot expect much to be done in this direction in a now country like ours, wp nevertheless hail every attempt to bring the question forward as a Btop towards a consummation which must one day come, and which, when it docs come, will revolutionize our systems of culture. 