THE TLUKALITV OF INHABITED WORLDS. (From the Sutunlay Bevieic. ) The controversy concerning the existence of life ill other planetary bodies than our own earth, or, iu other words, that of tbe plurality of inhiiljilfld worldf, lias slumbered in this country since its temporary revival ten years ago. By tbe common cuiiEcnt, not only of those wiio were qualiticil to priinoiinee an o!.;in ion on a purely tcitntilic subject, but also of iiitmf. iiiTRnii*; of or.lin:irv nr.inHo.Tl ii!»r}prstan.i. iug, tlw qu«tion was petcuived U- be wholly insoluble in fuet, as well as sterile in all prac tical resuits. The utmost that could be made out on the affirmative side was that there were no physical conditions known to belong to other bodies differently situated in space from our own globe, actually incompatible with the existence of some form or other of life or organ isation. It could be proved that even upon our own planet forms of life exist under varie ties nl heat, light, and chemical or physical conditions, as extreme as any tliat need be con tidured to exist in other members of tbe solar gri.up, or ou the surface of the sun itself. And thuugh it could not he said that the range of life assignable to human kind, or to the higher types of organisation, was 60 wide in extent, it Beened arbitrary to deny to a principle bo infi nitely plastic as that of organic life the power of manifesting itself in types approaching to that of man, types, it may be, a little lower than the least developed varieties of his race, or it may be transcending, for aught we know, the highest form ic which humanity has displayed itself on earth. The sum of tbe argument from sciuutiiic data was little more than negative. It attained at the most to no more than a degree of probability resting upon analogy, and approving to this or that mind as the bias of fancy or prepossession inclined, rather than as strict reasoning and the observation of facts would logically tend. The most mischievous result, however, of the C'ntroversy became apparent when— instead of being treated, as it should by rights have been, as a question of strictly scientific investipation— it was brought under the light of metaphysical, moral, and theological speculation. The argument from liual causes was invoked by one class of disput ants, that from religious dogma or tradition by another. But here, too, as in the former case it was found that either argument could be turned in different hands to support diametri cally opposite conclusions. To those who went with tlie eminent reviver of the dispute, in Iris Ensayson tlie Plurality of Worlds, a reference to the Divine design clearly evinced the unin habited state of all other worlds save our own, because man is intended to be the exclusive recipient of the Creator's benificence. To those who obeyed the scientific teaching of More Worlds Oian One, it as manifestly proved that the planets, and even the members of the most remote sidereal systems, must be teeming with lational and spiritual beings, in order to exalt the same Creator's perfections and to render a reason for their existence. A carious dilemma was the result. On the one hand it was argued that these bodies must be inhabited, because they could only have been created for the sus tenance of life ; on the other, that they could not be inhabited, because they could only have been created aB foils to enhance the dignity of the earth and man. If oue class were right, the universe must be inhabited, because a void universe would be useless and without an end ; if the other, then a void universe is necessary for the exaltation of man, and of the divine dis pensation towards him. In this state of dead lock the problem has since been allowed to retst amongst ourselves. It still, hoaiever, appears to have retained its charms tir the less matter of-lact and utilitarian class of minds among our neighbours.' M. Camille Flainmarion — a com petoct practical astronomer, as is shown by his previous writings upon celestial subjects, no leas than by his official position as assistant at the Observatory aud the Bureau of Lumptudes— has avowed himsuli a passionate partizan on the side of the plurality -jf worlds, and may be said to have exhausted the arguments in its behalf. Not content with the physical or strictly scien tific treatment of the subject, he |mrsues it into its beariugs upon the realm of knowledge or be lief. To Uis fervid uuugination it swells, as he proceed, in proportion aud importance, till it becomes ,it length commeneuiate with philosophy itself, and appears as the basis for a new and all-embracing system of religinn. In the original impressiou of his work he seems but to have thadowcd nut the faint conception of such a sys tem. But t'.'e germ has since grown quite to gig;;ntic proportions, and tbe work has been ?nitirijy re-written. The faith of the world stems tu him to be dead and buiied. The rela tions vi man to the universe, to himself, to God, liave been shaken and overthrown. History is ilnud up, phiiosuph'y has no vuiie, religion ex pires in ini^mas. The past is exhausted, the presc-ut is chaotic, the future, pave fur one ray of light, remains dim, unmeaning, inexplicable. What remains but to open to man new and wider relations, to declare to iiim his true place in the universe, to connect him with other beings other worlds than his own, aud encourage him with tlie hope that closer cominuuion With those beings and those spheres may form his blissful and immortal lot? Situ has been tmglit too long to look upon himself as alone in the world nf consciousness, to couside r hid little speck of jiiatttr the so'e centre of life, intelligence and will. The ant has conceived his autbill to be the unly scene of activity in the universe. And this isolation -if himself has naturally given birth to an inordinate and ridiculous ccmceic Man has plumed himself upon being supreme lord aud master of creation, and has absurdly fancied the whole forces of matter anil the hosts of heaven to be made for his contemplation or bis use. Xt is tune fur this silly pride to be bumbled. Aud under tbe chastening hand of astronomical study, rightly directed, mankind will for the future take a humbler but a truer place in the vrder of animated beinge. ' Our ku nianity vtiJl assume a rank, though it be the lowest, among the manifold humanities' of space. One law of belief will henceforth exist for all — the liejigion ofSdenee, The first' of the live books into which the treatise of 1L Flamniarion . is divided consisU of auulkburate hustory of tho doctrine in question. In fulness aud accuracy of learning he here leaves behind all that h.is been cuniiiiled upon the subject by English Writers. In iwint of logical effect, however, it would be vain to attribute much strength to such a chain of authorities. It is curious as a chapter in tLe history of opinion. It forma a Uibah: to t';e industry of the compiler, but it pr..\vs uithing lm re. A cait!:a quite as ci-pi'us ai;d att'-iuritative miglil bu as ividi'.y drawn i ut ou the other side. And in questions of pure ' .vk- iK-.j yreat names go for nothing. A si'cle , fact -if experiment or viiservatiun must lie ! alioUi-dto outv.ei^h the accumulated opinions : au.i traditions of centuries. It is a matter of ' Littorii- interest, but nothing more, tLat the 1 ii. :?. . f tb' in.-- 'ii ;ind planets lieing peopled was i-oinuion to the earliest rams of India and Egypt. In a tcii utiMc point of view it is no more to be ' iju.-ttd than it migl.t be iu favour of the exis ? tuuL-e «fwili'hcraft or ghosts. It is to tlie second ? or physical portion cf M. Fiammarioa's work ? tliat \ve ongLt to look for the Teal grouuds cf his . conviction. It is in this, however, that we feel more and more the \\\\-^ae ami hypothetical ua \ tare cf the problem. It 'is impossible to do more than enunciate with somewhat uiurcfulnc-bsof dt-tuil these phytical conditions «-Li-:li Hcriclitl, Sir David Breireter, and others liavu laid down, as Hunting the possibilities of life elsewhere. O:i the relations of sense aud otlitr buiily functions to heat aud light, or those of muscular force, suture, aud action to terres trial and solar giavity, nothing new is here said, or nppaivuLly can be said. A complete anU liiyl.lv graphic popular description is indeed given oitlie tolar system, and of its constituent orbs— o: the distance, size, weight, aud density of each, together with the calculated ratio of heat and light which each of the planetary bodies derives from tbe sun. And there is little need of the author's impassioned rhetoric to enhance the testimony borne by these ele mentary facts of science to the vastness, tlie harmony, or the majesty of creation. But they leave the real point of the inquiry exactly where it was. The method of final cause is. next appealed to. It is possible to conceive that the beauty, the splendor, ilie utility of this infinite system were designed to be appreciated and enjoyed but by the scanty inhabitants of one little miserable corner of the whole ? Fran eceur, by way of giving us an original idea of the earth's mass, calculates that to set in motion such a globe at the surface of our planet would require ten thousand million learns nf ten thousand million nurses each. To start the sun, declares II. Hammarion, not less than 3,550,000 milliards of such teams would suffice. And is the giunt to exist for the service and accommo dation of the mite ? It is when he passes from the physical or physiological to the moral and tbe theological point of view that tbe writer is able to soar to tho height of his argument. Uis method eeems to be that of assuming the universal diffusion of life throughout creation, and of leaving Ihe yainsnyer to the task of establishing the right of the earth to a mono pjlv. Wny should ours be tlie privileged world ? So far from being the best in a moral sense it is absolutely bad, and would be known for tueli but fur tbe inveterate optimism ol its rukrs, especially its philosophers and priests. The Jailaey wilb which M. l'lammarion has no pal knee is that whatever exists here is intrin sically good. In face of the actual state of the world every candid man must be- a pessimist. The wolf is for ever preying upon thu innocent sheep. Brutal force weighs down virtuous weakness. Dark passions dominate here, base intrigues bear rule there. As in the days of Brutus, good men may be counted on the fin gers. Before the Supreme, indeed, all is opti mism. Viewed as a whole, Uis works arc all good, all holy, all beneficent. But where is this, Ilia rule carried out in fact ? Not on earth we have seen. There must then be further and superior sphcrea of life and action j and the plurality of worlds is a necessary truth in a philosophical sense, and demanded by justice in a moral sense. Many wtitcrs have gone into the question of the probable stature, strength, and configuration of our fellow beings in other speres. Christian Wolff long ago fixed the height of the inhabitants of Jupiter at forty feet eight inches. The Eourierists have more recently imagined a kind of celestial hierarchy in which the successive groups rise one above another, in analogy with those of the loner universe, into what M. Kenaud has ermed bini vers, trinivers, qualranivers, &c.; Tbe planets themselves have souU, and die out, as ours will do, to give place to newer forms of planetary life. Sweilenborg, everybody knows, grew so familiar with the inhabitants of the several planets in which he -was in the habit of spend ing his leisure moments of spiritual ecslacy, that he has left us little to find out touching the moral and other characteristics of our brethren in tlieac abodes. The feelings with which we, in turn, inspire those remote relations of ours— the lively warmth of Venus, the digni fied calm of Jupiter, the sardonic coldness of Saturn — are not less matters of fact and vera city. Science, thus interpreted, points to a place for our souls among those radient spheres. Transported umong new conditions of exist ence, they may cuntruct or put forth powers nkin to those of Ihe happier beings whose lot has been already cast there. And, as to what that lot may be, it makes the mouth water to listen to M. Flamniarion lecturing us. In an atmosphere no longer composed of ox.) gen and azote, what ills of climate may not be spared those fortunate denizens ? The whole pulmonary apparatus is doubtless modified, and with it the whole system of organic functions. Instead of the gross aud clumsy plan of keeping up the bodily growth and warmth by food, liquid and solid— the degrading expedient of borrowing for that end the debru of other beings, and, worst of all, that of killing and devouring those en dowed with life — there may be a system of 'nourishing atmospheres' composed of elements nutritioua iu themselves, and capable of assimi lation by organs of corresponding ethereal tex turr. Id the general repeal of laws which belongs to man's state, that of 'labor' may come in fur the earliest abolition, and with it go all those vulgar cares, appetites and ambitions to which so much of the misery and ennui of terrestrial life are due. Vice will never have arisen. The origin of evil wilt offer no point for philosopucrt to wrangle over, for evil itself will never have stepped in. Another ' law ' abrogated, or rather set ia force, will be that of 'death.' War and violence, excess and decay, being unknown in those happy regions, the idea of dy iug will be out of Ihe question. Peace and right will reign undisturbed. The very facul ties of the intellect will partake of the purity and the elevation of the moral nature. The tedious and cumbrous processes of experiment anil observation will be replaced by a direct and transcendental vision of truth. It seems as if the limits of logic Ttsulf will be struck off as fetters from the spirit. The old problems insolu ble here will seem perfectly contemptible. The circle will have been squared there long agn, and philosophers' stones will be picked up by the roadside. The elixir of life indeed will be unknown, because, as we have seen, it -will be superfluous. Art and science will enter upon new phases. Numeration will proceed by such novel and unprecedented processes that we tremble to pronounce what two and two may be expected to make in Mr. Flamm»rion'e devel oped universe. A new Mr. Cousin, moreover, will be required to make the analysis of the altered metaphysics da Beau, du Vrai el du Bien. But we are dazzled and lose breatb as we attempt to follow M. Flimmarion in bis flight through apace. It is magnificent, but it is not science. Chained to our native earth, which to his aspiring gaze, filled with the glo ries of other worlds, seems so imperfect and contemptible — tin monde iiifonne, grossier, chetif tnUcrable et imparfail — we are conscious ol our inability to sour to those heights of ethereal speculation. We can but stand still in respect ful silence while lie discourses to us of things that meet his inspired sight in the third heaven, sud listen with wonder and awe to the rapture with which he proclaims, in cuch reasoning, bis conviction of the certainty of his hypothesis, and invites us to look up with him, hat in hand, to the twinkling faces of the stars as to the abodes of a humanity akin to, while surpassing, our own — ?SaluouiJ met freres, saluout tous ; ce sont la HumunUex nos OEiire qui patsetit. Romance asd Ueautv. — Gedney v. Smith. — This extraordinary trial occupied the Master of tbe Rolls aud a jury for three days, when a verdict for the defendant was returned. The jury trusted that the innocent sufferer by the verdict would still be protected by some one interested in the case. The judge concluded his eumming up to the jury by saying, ?? The whole facts of the case' exceed, in strangeness any of the sensation novels of the day ;' aud the details of the case well merit the remark. The story runs thu3 : — A Mr. Gedney sojie years since married a Miss Smith ; they both belonged to families of guod jioution, and were tolerably wealthy. The usual marriage settle ments were made, aud the new married, couple entered into their new sphere of life witii every prospect of happiness. Such, however, dots not seem to have l-ecn enjoyed. The husband appears tubave been unfaithful to his marriage vovvf, treated his wife with cruelty, and caused ' l:.rt-i be ati:K-!;e! with a nivi:, ii.i.ess. Xo . aildreii w.re Loin of this inaiii^,'. hi 1SH | bowi-vcr, Mre. (icdncy eume up t' London, . ostensibly ou a visit to'a cousin iu BonJ-street. j Instead, 'how ever, of going there, ou a visit, she I called aud s^iil that she w::s so unwell that her j iM.Hcal iuau had ailvisedhcrto go iuto lodgings, which he had tikeii for her. To these apart- | ] meuls accordingly faLe went, aud was visited by I i a L-r. Goss and his wife. After .1 few days she ] I informed the landlady of the house that she i expected to be confined, which surprised the landlady, as she had not observed any .ippear aucc about tbe lady to justify the suspicion that inch an event was going to tul:e place. A day or two afterwards Dr. Goss and his wife, the latter with a bundle under her cloak, came about h've or six o'clock in the evening, and at once went into the lady's apartment, aiid about nine o'clock the landlady was informed that Mrs. Gedney had. been confined uf a gir!. The child wiis shown to Ler, and she at once came to tbe conclusion that the child was some days old, ;md that some trick had been jilayc.1. M r. Ccdnev's cousiu, when informed of the lady's Confinement, apprised Mr. Gcduey of the et-L-nt by telegraph, aud that gentleman came up iui mcdiatelv. H*1 seemed ver}'. pleased, and bad not tbe slightest idea that be had been imposed upon. The child was duly christened, ic, but the landlady of Ihe house did uot seem to have a very bigh'opiuiun of Dr. Goss, and the hus band, therefore, discharged him. and sent for Dr. Arthur Farre, au emiuput \\\'.;st-eu.l physi cian, who regularly attended the lady for some fifteen or sixteen days, and had not then the slightest doubt that the lady had duly given birth to the child which he saw before him. The Jaely and her husband aud the child re turned home, but it was alleged that Mre. Ged ccy did not take such notice of the child as a mother usually would take of her only offspring. At length the lady fell into a consumption, and ju»t before her death she made two statements, one to her cousin, a clergyman, and the other to a servant ; the effect of the first being that the child to which sbe had given birth was still born ; and the second that she had never given birth to a child at hU. This was told to the husband, which whilst it had the effect of rais ing his doubts, still did not satisfy him that what his wife stated was correct, and therefore he took no steps to prove the truth cither way. Mr. Gedney subsequently married again, and then his first wife's relations, with thu view to recover the sum of money (i.'2,000) v hich would have gone to the child ren of the marrige, if there had been any, disputed the parentage of the child. It was then, aud only then, that Sir. Gedney conimeueed the late suit. With the exception of the respect due. to the evidence of Dr. Farre for the plaintiff, that for the defence vas overwhelming. There was the evidence of the landlady of the house where she was sup posed to be couliued, then the testimony of the female with ' no name.' who was conlined in the Ly'iDg-in Hospital in Lambeth at this time, and who gave up her child, a little fair thing with blue eye?, to a gentleman and lady whom she subsequently recognised as Dr. and lire. Goes ; and then, after all, the adniiEsions made by Mrs. Gedney to her cousin and servant, that the child was uot hers, conclusively proved, at least to the satisfaction of the judge aud jury, that the alleged child of Mr. and Mrs. Gedney was tsuppositious. The idea seemed at the trial to prevail that the unfortunate Mrs. Gedney, having lost the affection of her husband, thought that it partly arose from her being childless, aud that if she could make him believe that he really was the father of the infant she presented to him, his love for her would return. And it would seem for a time that the trick succeeded, but when Mrs. Gedney found that it was only temporary, and that he treated her as before, on her deathbed she, either to spite him or relieve her conscience, made the disclosures which had led to the recent trial. 