CHAPTER III. AN EVENING AT GOVERNMENT HOUSE, MY THIRD VISIT TO CAPTAIN GREEN. I must now introduce the reader to a scene differing widely from the bushranger's cave or the prison cell, to no less a place than Government House at Sydney. j The wide saloons were brilliantly lighted and filled with a gay crowd. It was one of those crushes which colonial governors are obliged to inflict upon themselves and upon society at stated periods. I was spending in Sydney a month's leave of absence, and some friends of my family, high in office, had obtained me an invitation. I had not been long there when I started, on coming face to face with a new arrival. "Is it possibler" I exclaimed, as I held out my hamd. " Yes, it is myself and no ghost," he said, laughing. " I can- not be so much altered as I supposed, for you to have recognized me so easily." He certainly was altered ; the hair cut with military closeness, the shaven chin, and well-trimmed moustache and whiskers, made him look a very different person from the rough, hirsute bushranger, but his was one of those faces not easy to be forgotten. " And how came you here ?" I asked. " There are other doors besides the grand entrance, and other keys than those on the porter's hunch, but it is as well sometimes not to know too much," he replied gaily. "Bah! I meant how came you to be in Sydney," I said. " I came to New South Wales because I had a friend I thought might be useful, and he has got me what I wanted, an appointment as one of an exploring party about to set out shortly. As to Sydney I fancy I have no business in it at all, still less here. For my reason it is the old story of the moth and the taper. I am off to-morrow, however." He coloured up like a boy in his first love affair, but I appeared to take no notice of it. We chatted together for some time, but of course could not speak very freely. He only ventured to tell me, that when the expedition returned he intended to go to South Australia, where he had an introduction to a surveyor. So we contented ourselves with criticising the company, and I, who had stayed in Sydney before for some months, pointed out the notabilities to him. Presently I paused, attracted by the appearance of a lady to whom Lady-had stopped to speak, in the course of a tour round the room. " What a lovely creature ! " I exclaimed, "I wonder who she is." It was one of those faces that could not be passed over even in the tier of the opera, either in London or Paris. Yet neither the ethereal, almost perfect beauty of her features, nor their aristocratic, high-bred mould was the chief thing to be remarked in her ; it was that look that told her to possess the true woman's nature, leading her in her tender softness and gentle weakness to seek support by clinging to the stronger arm of man. Who j was it that was so blessed ? For, from the simple richness ! of her attire, and the shade of matronly dignity, like the stateliness of a fairy, I imagined that she had already assumed the wedding ring. "That is Mrs. Bennet," said Tracy, to my surprise, ina peculiar tone. " What, Colonel Bennet's wife," I exclaimed. A light was begining to break in upon me- Was it not an attempt to pourtray those features that so often employed Tracy's pencil in the cave ? if so no wonder he tore up the libels with a pish at his own failure. Was this the deadly injury ? Was she the pulcherima causa of such disastrous events ? " Have you looked long enough ? can't you turn your eye» upon something else for a moment ?" he said, petulantly. " Of course she is the wife of my old enemy, and you have attracted bia attention." An old grey haired man in full uniform, upon whose arm Lady j-leaned, had favoured me with an enquiring stare, and my companion with one still more scrutinising. J Tracy quickly recovered his equanimity, but he did not con I tinue the subject, to I on my part did not re-introduce it. I observed, however, that wherever we moved he always endeavour- ed to place himself so as to have a view of her without attracting notice. Shortly afterwards I had to leave him, for I had engaged one of the friends who got me my invitation to dance with me< After a few circles we paused, for the crowd and heat were great. " I am quite sure it is he, and I was always convinced that he and Green were the same man," I heard a voice near me say. I looked suddenly round and saw, as I had almost expected Colonel Bennet talking to an officer in captain's uniform, with several medals on his breast. Of course 1 listened with open ears. " Will you go to the chief of the police and tell him my sus- picion, or rather my knowledge of the fact ?" " I can't do it, Colonel, I am honoured with Lady-'3 hand for the next quadrille," was the reply. Even the martinet Colonel could not try to deprive the Gover- nor's wife of her partner, so he turned with some impatience to a subaltern who was passing, and charged bim with the message. " Impossible, sir ! " cried the youngster, " His Excellency has given me orders to find a partner for every girl who is too plain or awkward to get one herself, and I have no sinecure." " All alike, pleasure before duty," growled the old man, but uniforms were abundant in this corner of the room, and he tried again. This one I knew slightly, he was one of those men, who, wealthy and well-born, only enter the army to pass away a few years, and not caring a jot whether they keep orlóse their com- missions, do pretty much what they like, without any evil conse- quences to themselves, a good luck which is not always shared by those who really make the army their profession. " But I thought he was here." said Captain Howard, " I cer- tainly spoke to him, and indeed I asked him if he ought not to have two or three detectives in this crowd. He said it was not necessary, but it seems he was wrong." " Unfortunately," said the Colonel, biting his lip at his trifling, " he left an hour ago, because he said he had papéis to sign for the early mails. Will you go ? " " He might tell me I was interfering again, that it was a police- man's duty and not a soldier's. Besides, I am engaged to dance this valse, and pleasures are so scarce I cannot afford to lose one, so you must excuse me," he said, and without his handsome face losing a shade of its composure, he sauntered off a few yards to where Mrs. Bennet sat. He had avenged himself for the insult of being charged with such a message. He knew well that Colonel Bennet hated to see his wife dancing, though he was ashamed to prevent it. " Well, we shall go home soon, and then I will write a report, and send it at once," growled the old man. " What are you dreaming of Mr. Vierville ?" said my partner, " this is the third time I have asked you who your friend is." He ia an Irishman, a Mr. Talbot," I answered at hazard, " I made his acquaintance by his nursing me when he met me in the bush with a broken arm last year." "It is a good name, and he is evidently a gentleman," she said; then seeing I was about to speak, she added, with a smile, "Oh, of course he would not be your friend if he were not. You have my gracious permission to bring him with you and introduce him when you call." She was kindness itself, was my distant cousin, the daughter of an influential squatter, and the young wife of a still more influential official. All combined to make me think she might possibly be of use to him. "I may avail myself of the liberty some day," I said, " but at present he is travelling, and his stay is uncertain." As soon as I could well leave her, I hastened to him and told him what I had heard, advising him tn leave the house at once. He readily assented, indeed, his attraction was gone with the departure of the Bennets a short time before. So I have more to thank him for," he muttered between his clenched teeth, " but it does not matter, I shall leave this before the sun is up, and I shall soon be in the wilds of the unexplored country." " How is it that none of your other brother officers recognized you ?" I asked, as we walked along smoking our cigars. " He was not very comfortable in the old corps after the repri- mand," he replied, so he exchanged with Colonel Scott of this regiment. Do you mind walking round by-street? it is nor far out of your way, and it is a lovely night." I guessed his motive, and did not refuse - " Hovf kind thou art, and oh ! how mighty,* Cupid, thou son of Aphrodite !" One house, one room, rather, was brilliantly lighted up. Was this the lure ? But instantly I perceived that no candle or lamp caused that illumination. The wildly flickering light told that the fierce element was at large, and even tongues of flame shot up now and again, as if eager for their prey. " Great God ! fire, and in her room !" he exclaimed. I did not doubt his accuracy : lovers have means of their own of gaining information. We knocked and rang loudly, but no one came at our sum- mons. Probably the other inmates of the house had awaited the return of the Bennets before retiring to rest, and were now sleeping soundly. There was no time, we felt, to delay, till they had shaken off their heavy slumbers. A ladder stood near against an unfinished house, and we hastened to it. To our horror we found it chained and padlocked ; but an. iron bar lay at its foot, and, raising this, he poised a weight that would have tasked two ordinary men. The ponderous mass fell and the links flew assunder. Speedily we had raised the ladder to the window, and he mounted it rapidly while I steadied it. I saw a white form rush to the window, saw him take it in his arms and descend. Of course that fair face was the one I had expected. " You have saved me. I love you, Robert, but my husband is there, save him too," Iheardher say, in a whisper, but one so clear that every accent reached my ear. A look of resolve came over his face. "It shall be my" revenge," he muttered. Then, turning to me, he said, " Take care of her. He is my friend, Annie." "I will take her over to Dr.Black's," I said, pointing to a house opposite. He nodded assent and turned away. Several neighbouring houses already had their doors and windows open, their inhabitants having caught the alarm, and this was among the number. Leaving her with the doctor's wife, I hurried back. " Where is he ?" I asked eagerly. ,r " He went up the ladder and we have not seen him since, said a by-stander, for they now began to assemble. , Flames were bursting from the window when he re-appearea with a seemingly helpless burden in his arms. Now he was able to make no such haste as before, and the ladder was already on fire. The seconds seemed hours. Would he be in time ? no, the crash came while he had still some yards to descend, ladder and men fell together on the pavement. I was quickly on the spot. The old mah raised himself on his arm ; if he had been sense- less, either the fresh air or the shock had revived him foi 1110 time. " So it is you who tried to save me," he said, wonderingly " hut where is my wife ?" " In safety at Dr. Black's," replied Tracy, who had risen v> his feet. . t " And she also owes you her life ? I thought I was right, DU» now I feel that I am near death, and I am not sure that I was not in the wrong," he murmured,*with alooknot unlikexonmtion. ? By W. M. Praed, a poet too little known. It is not to the credit of that the only printed collection of his poems, an incomplete one, br-wie- / should IM an American (U. 3.) publication. « At all events," he continued, " I will do you no further injury. J^eave Sydney at once, for I recognised you and have just sent .word to the commissioner of police." Calling one or two of the fast increasing crowd to my help, we carried him across the street. When I returned for Tracy he was gone. I waited for some time but he did not come, so I went home with a feeling of some anxiety. I could do no good, however, then. If he had been taken I should see the news next day. and if he had only hastened "home I should probably hear from him befoie long, for the worst of it was, he had not told me where he was staying. I was right, for early the next morning I was informed that A boy had come with a message for me, which he would give to no one else. " Show him up," I said, and a sharp looking, bright-eyed boy of twelve came in. He came to the point without delay. "The Captain wants you," he said, and stood ready to depart, as if he expected meto rise and follow him at once. I did not disappoint him, and, after abrisk walk, we arrived at a small house in a somewhat poverty-stricken street. But the -woman who opened the door was neatly dressed, and I found Tracy in a comfortable room He was lying on a sofa, his arm in a sling, and his face rather pale. " So you were badly hurt," I exclaimed," I feared so. what is the matter ?" " Only a few burns and bruises and a broken collar-bone, but they are a nuisance just now. Never mind them at present," he replied impatiently. '* What is the news of them ?" I had needed no hint from him to make me call at Dr. Black's .on my way. " She is well, but her nerves are much shaken. The colonel died two houri ago ; his injures and the shock were too great for him to bear at his advanced age, they say," I answered. "Free! free !" he murmured, and fell into a fit of musing, from which I took care not to arouse him. After a while he exclaimed, bitterly, ' I could curse the fatal day when I took that deplorable step, or rather I should curse my own headstrong folly. I entered on a war with both heaven and earth, and now I feel the consequences. Thank God, I have no blood on my hands, at all events." I was silent, for what could I say ? I had no right to argue against his penitence, and already felt deeply enough. His thoughts came back presently to the one subject they loved to dwell upon. " Now you have seen her," he said, " you can imagine what I felt at losing her. Till Colonel Bennet joined us I had every hope of making her my wife. That she loved me I had the best evidence-her own confession, and though her father, a well-to-do squatter, was not very evidently anxious for the match, I believe lie would not have refused his consent. But soon after Colonel Bennet's arrival all changed. He had thrown his superior rank in the army, and his longer purse filled as I have told you, into the scale, and I had to kick the beam. He even descended to back-bite me, throwing out hints about the impudence of close intimacy with a man who had risen fron the ranks. Annie's father replied that if so I was at all events the son of a general officer ; but he was not to be foiled, asserting that my father had been obliged to disinherit me for my low tastes, of which I still retained traces. " My father had indeed died without forgiving me or leaving me a penny, and the three thousand pounds, secured me by my mother's marriage settlement, had nearly all gone in India. "The change was gradual: first, coolness, then polite denials, and at last aflat prohibitionjof my visits. Annie, too, was closely watched, and I could never get a word with her alone. She could not resist their combined influence constantly exerted, and after a time she consented to marry him, though I believe they did not succeed without some trumped up evidence of my infidelity, of which I had a hint. I did not blame her ; indeed I felt that she would hardly have been my own gentle tender Annie had she had strength to fight against them long, especially when deprived of my support. Now, however, she is free again, and she loves me Judge what an additional motive I have for striving to retrieve the past. One reason I sent for you was to ask you to transmit this letter to her safely. I would not have it miscarry for more than I am worth." I promised to place it in her own hands, or if I could not see her, in those of Dr. Black, who was to be trusted. Then I proceeded to blame him for his sudden departure the night before. "The fact is," he said, "a policeman came up to me, and began to ask too many questions, so I pointed you out as the person who had first discovered the fire, and hurried here as soon as he had turned his back." " That accounts," I said, " for the way he badgered me, when I was almost as short with him. He must think us highly suspici- ous characters. But it is no laughing matter. I trust the police will not get upon your track." " There is not much danger," he replied, " the people here are as true as steel ; they are the widow and son of a man who came out here from the Castle Tracy estate. We are to go part of the wav by sea, and our captain, who was with me just before you came, has promised to diive up for me himself this afternoon ; he is well enough known to pass any one without suspicion. I ought not to move yet, but I cannot stick at trifles now, and jnupt take my chance. If all goes well I shall be right enough before we aie fairly off." After I had seen him start I breathed more freely, but I was not without anxiety till the following morning Then the papers contained the departure of the vessel, but no " Capture of Cap- tain Green." He was, however, the subject of many a paragraph, though the writers were unconscious of it. The reporters had probably met with our bewildered policeman, for, after giving nigh-flown descriptions of the gallantry of two unknown individuals, thev hazarded all sorts of speculations as to their identity. The following day an ultra democratic print announced, rf course " on the best authority, " that the strangers were convicts and called loudly on Government to grant a free pardon for gallant deeds, when probably they would be ready enough to do so in another case where there might be private influence at work. More than a year elapsed, during which we heard nothing of Iracy. Then there came letters from him, saying that he was in a surveyor's office in Adelaide, preparatory to becoming one TPV^' a,1i* tnat ne was 8triVmg for a free pardon. Though I had not introduced him, according to the arrange- . j^.ent at Government House, my cousin, when I told her his j1.!!?torY' became his warm advocate, with her husband and father, «ll she had interested them also. His late brother officers made «}e strongest representations in his favour, and so did others of «is friends. But it was Mrs. Bennet who was most zealous, pleafhng his cause indefatigably with all who could have the fiizhust influence, either direct or indirect. One currish old bachelor told her she seemed to feel a very warm interest in this bushranger. f t" Ani? ÍS il stranSe for a woman to feel a warm interest in her uture husband, to put out of the question his having saved my U«V she replied, with that air of indignity which blended so *ftarnvingly with her gentle manner. ?fc-vf f ein- leader of their exploring party, when asked privately abl . d °f revrardhe would like, replied, " the pardon of my je assistant and valued friend, every man in our party would joice at it." The expedition had made very valuable dis- uenes, which were declared in tne official report to be "greatly <Te to the energy and skill of Robert Green." . uui case was too good and too persistently urged to be resisted. In spite of the unwillingness of the Government to do anything likely to encourage bushranging, they yielded at length, and advised the merciful exercise of the prerogative. After a tedious interval taken up by the necessary formalities, the dnzi ttr con- tained a free pardon to Robert Green fi ir subsequent good conduct and meritorious services rendered both to the public and to individuals. In the papers of the following day was an advertisement, which attracted almost as much attention. It called upon all who had any claims against Captain Robert Green to send them to the office of Messrs. Hooket and Brown, solicitors, for examination and se ttlement. A third paragraph in the public prints might soon have given me some further news concerning my friend, but it was antici- pated by his letter announcing his marriage. I had to pay him a fourth visit before very long, for, he added, with some of" his old Irish lightness of heart, " Though I may be premature, I have already chosen a godfather for my first boy. You, and no other are the man." In due time I went to take this office upon myself, when I found as happy a cnuple as I have ever seen. Since that time a charming family, woithy of the parents, has grown up around them. 