PftRHAP8 in no country but this could be witnessed such a scene as was presented In Avoca on Wednesday last, on the occa sion of the— so-called — land selections ; and perhaps in no other country could the performances then carried on be passed over with bo lenient a criticism by on lookers. It was amusing enough, cer tainly, but the very palpable frustrations of the law, as it is intended to be applied, rendered the spectacle soinewhit humiliat ing after all. Of course, everybody knows that the opening of the agricultural areas of the colony for selection was intended to encourage and promote their cultivation at a cheap rate ; but how to manage this, 80 that the bona fide agriculturist should have his fair chance, has always been, and seems now, more than ever, to be a diffi culty, Ways and means have been found to overwhelm the chances of the bona. fide selectors by multiplying the odds against him to a tremendous extent, by means of people who turn themBelvcB into comical specimens of the human race called ' dum nries;*' and where one farmer happens to be lucky in his number, and is called in time to pick out land suitable to his pur pose, a dozen 'dummies' have the feli ..city of going tbrougb the form of selec tion, having been previously supplied with -an«ans and the number on the plans they should put their 6nger on, and then they retire to their homes, easy in their con sciences, happy in their minds, and hea vier in their pockets, without the remotest idea of occupying their land, and most ?likely remaining forever afterwards in .blissful ignorance of its whereabouts. O ! for a Dickens, at one Land Sale, to de pict the peculiarities, and make glorious word-sketches of the people ! ? ; ': Titere is something about an actual; ' Farmer/' that one sees at a glance. The; pure 'agriculturist' out here can- as well lie known . as those who carry their top boots jmkIj capacious .persons to the mar ket towns at home ; but to ' describe a *' dummy,' pare and simple* is more diffi cult. Some think it necessary tfl *' make up' for the occasion, and affect tfie ' eone of the soil' in personal appearance as well a« in character. The consequence is that the costumes of these geni are fanny in tbe extreme. A broad brimmed felt hat, with a high crown, seems the favorite j»Md*dre*s, beneath which beams a look of irrepressible slyness aud apparent content ; while the ostler, the journeyman carpenter, or the wandering ' tailor by trade, Sir,' peeps oat from all the other parts of their persons. Your real dummy is a silent creature. They go about in sets, and carry on their conversations to themselves alone, in a sly, quiet, and delightfully self satisfied manner ; but they never deign to consult a plan, or trouble themselves about going on the land open for selection, their only deBire being to pocket their hnrd eamed fee, and patiently to wait for thp next ' Land Swindle,' as it is the fashion to call it. Sometimes, as has bees found in the Western District, your dummv cuts up rough, and takps his land and his money too, breathing defiance against his employer, who is left without the ghost of a remedy. This state of things has become, as it were, a part of our svstem. and a very rotten state of things it certainly is, be cause it is directly demoralising in prin ciple. and practically hinders the good in tentions of those who make the laws. We noticed on Wednesday very mnnv men of the class who are really wanted to petfle on nnd cnitivote our agriciltnral lands, and who help to form a neighborhood, and Upep business in settled places well eoinjr. Small occupier* from the Sprinors, Lex ton. and on the Ballarat road were hero, pre pared to take up nnd work the land, if they could petit at the rate offered. But on looking at the list, there is a small pro portion of this class of men, while there is no difficulty in marking offtho.«e who will never take up their land at all. Some notion of what was poing on must have been formed by the Board of Lind and Works; fora telegraphic despatch, in the nature of an order, was forwarded by the nnflioritiea to the Land Officer here, but late in the day. It will be seen elsewhere, — its purport bpinor to give to a bona fide 3elnctor the privilejr* of taking; up any allotment chosen by an ' acrent or ser vant,' if the absence of the bona fides can be proved. This, we tike it, i3 a very difficult thing to accomplish, as nobody can tell a nun's intention but the mnn himself, and it is bv no means likelv that he would subject himself to a penalty by admitting that he was th« tool of some body else. Although .we must, in these Hftvs of dead-locks and difficulties, take matter* as we find them, we do sincerely hope that Government, howsoever composed, may find some means to put a stop to some of the proceedings carried on in the gigantic and expensive farces, played under the name of ' Land Selections of Agricultural AreaB.' 