Summarjj of European Jfcfos. DR. PRITCHARD, THE GLASGOW MURDERER. (From the ' Home News," July 26) At 10 o'clock on Monday morning, July 3rd, the trial of Dr. Pritcbard, on the charge of murdering his wife and mother in-law in Glasgow, commenced in the High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, before the Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Ardmillan, and Lord Jerviswoode. The court-room was crowded, aDd many were disappointed in obtaining admission. The indictment charged the prisoner with administering tartarised anti mony, aconite, and opium to his mother-in law, Jane Cowper Taylor, in tapioca and in porter or beer, and in a medicine called Battley's sedative solution, between the 10th and 25th of February, 1865; and it also charged him with administering on re peated occasions in February and March, 1865, tartarised antimony and aconite to his wife, Mary Jane Taylor Pritcbard, in articles of food and of medicine. Tbe prisoner entered tbe dock at 10 o'clock exactly, dressed in deep mourning. He was calm and self-possessed, and looked eoolly round tbe court when be had taken his seat. He is a stout, well-built man, prepossessing in appearance, and with sharply-defined features. He wears his hair long, and has a large bushy beard, but no moustache. The prisoner's brother, Charles Augustus Pritchard, secretary to the naval Commander-in-Chief, Plymouth, by permis- i sion of the court took bis seat beside him in the dock, and remained with him all day. j The prosecution was conducted, in the ab- | Bence of the Lord Advocate in London, by j tbe Solicitor-General, assisted by Mr. Gif ford and Mr. Crichton, advocate's deputy; the defence was conducted by Mr. A. It. Clarke, Mr. William Watson, and Mr. David Brand, advocates. The prisoner's counsel moved the Court to separate the two charges of murder, on the ground that it embarrassed the defence to try the two crimes together. The Court unanimously refused to grant the request. The prisoner 'was then called on to plead to the in dictment, and in a clear distinct voice he pleaded "Not guilty," and a jury having been empanelled, tbe evidence for the pro secution commenced about half-past 11 o'clock. The remainder of tbe day was occupied by the examination of five wit nesses, three of whom were merely formal, and occupied only a few minutes. The two important witnesses were Catherine Latimer and Mary M'Leod. The jury retired to consider their verdict about twenty minutes past 1 o'clock, and returned in abont an hour with a unani mous verdict of " Guilty" on both charges. The Lord Justice Clerk then sentenced the prisoner to be executed at Glasgow on the 28th of July, and in passing sentence said that the verdict of the jury proceeded upon evidence which could leave no reason able doubt on the minds of those by whom it was considered. The prisoner, who bad maintained great composure throughout the five days of the trial, seemed greatly affected when the ver dict was pronounced, and leant slightly on the policeman sitting beside him, but while the sentence was being recorded he com pletely regained his composure, and afier sentence was passed upon him he bowed to the Judge, and also to the jury, before leav ing the dock. After Dr. Pritcbard's conviction he was removed from the bar of the Justiciary Court to the cell below, where he partook of tea. Immediately on reaching the cell ■where the refreshment was set, lie said to one of the policemen who had charge of him—" I'm innocent of this charge." This was the only remark he made. On going to take his place in the van he covered his face with his bat to prevent the large crowd through which he had to pass gazing upon him. On the ensuing night, July 7, tbe prisoner was very restless, like a person in a fever. He only slept about an hour. There were three warders with him all night, who engaged in religious exercises, the prisoner joining willingly with them. He frequently asserted his innocence to those around him, and said he had been convicted by mistake. It appears he was 80 confident that the verdict would be in his favour that on the 6th he stated to those around him that he would imme diately go south and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi. On Saturday morning, July 8, Dr. Pritchard was removed from the Calton Gaol, Edinburgh, to Glasgow, under the charge of a criminal officer and three assistants. The prisoner was attired in the black dress suit which he had on during the trial. Before leaving the gaol he was shackled to the officers, and he re mained fastened in this way throughout tbe journey. He appeared quite composed and looked about him with the utmost cool ness. His departure was witnessed by a large number of persons who had as sembled on the platform. Tbe following extracts are from Dr. Pritchar.i's diary:— "17tb February, 1SG5—Died here at 1 &>m., Mary Jane, my own beloved wife, aged 38 years ; no torment surrounded her t>e6ide, but, like a calm, peaceful lamb of God, passed Minnie away. May God and Jesus, Holy Ghost, cue in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer till mine be o'er, everlasting love. Save us Lord for thy dear Son." COXFESSIOIT OF DK. PItlTCHABD. The convict shortly after made a written confession of the murder of his wife. The prisoner confessed bis guilt to Mr. Oldham, Episcopalian clergyman, in a private man ner, but Mr. Oldham requested that Pritch ard should write tbe confession, and he did bo. The confession states that Mary M'Laod, the servant girl, was aware that he was poisoning his wife, and that on the evening of his wife's death, when be ad ministered a dose of chloroform, M'Leod was preseut. Prisoner gives as a motive for poisoning bis wife, bis improper intimacy ■with M'Leod ; and denies that be poisoned his naother-iu-law, Mrs. Taylor—who, he says, died from an overdose of Battley's solution. He confessed to having drugged tbe solution found in her pocket after death, hut denies that it was poisoned before she expired. It is said that when his brother, sister, and daughter were present with him the day previous to his confession, the latter had kneeled in the cell, and prayed him, if he had poisoned her mamma, to confess; and it is alleged that he then acknowledged his guilt. The following is a copy of the confession :•— I, Edward William Pritcbard, M.D., M.R.C.S E,, and L A.S., &c.;, hereby make ! in writing, in the presence of the Bev. B. I S. Oldham, M.A., tbe following confession, | for transmission by him to the proper j authorities ;—" It was when my wife was at Ardentinny, in the summer of 1863, that I first became intimate with the girl Mary M'Leod, sleeping with her in my house at 22, Hoyal-cresceut. This continued at intervals up to tho time of our removal to 131, Sauchieball-street. She became preg nant in May last [year], and with her own consent I produced a miscarriage. I have reason to believe that Mrs. Pritchard was quiteaware of this, and rather sought to cover my wickedness and folly. My mother-in law, Mrs. Taylor, came last February to our house, and caught Mary M'Leod and myself in the consulting-room ; and the day before her death, having apparently watched us, she said to me, in the same room, ' You have locked her into the cupboard," which was true; but nothing more passed. I declare Mrs. Taylor to have died in the manner I have stated; and I now believe her death to have been caused by an over dose of Battley's solution of opium. The aconite found in that bottle was put in by me after her death, and designedly left there in order to prove death by misadventure in case any enquiry should take place. Mrs. Pritchard was much better immediately after her mother's death, but subsequently became exhausted from want of sleep. I accounted for this by the shock produced by her mother's death; and, hardly knowing how to act, at her own earnest request I gave her chloroform. It was about mid night, Mary M'Leod was in the room, and in an evil moment {being besides some what excited by whiskey) I yielded to the temptation to give her sufficient to cause death—which I did. I therefore declare before God, as a dying man, and in the presence of my spiritual adviser, that I am innocent of tbe crime of murder, so far as Mrs. Taylor is concerned, but acknowledge myself guilty of the adultery with Mary M'Leod and the murder of my wife. I feel now as though I bad been living in a species of madness since my connection with Mary M'Leod; and I declare my solemn repentance of my crime, earnestly praying that I may obtain Divine forgive ness before I suffer tbe penalty of the law. —Edward William Pritchard." Witnesses: John Stirling, governor; R. S. Oldham and John Mutrie. North Prison, Glasgow, July 11,1865. Some days afterwards, however, whether influenced by what his spiritual adviser had told him respecting the universal disbe lief in his statement, or actuated by his own feelings, the convict made another confession, withdrawing the former one. Here it is in full;— "Confession by Edward William Pritch ard, and made in the presence of the All- ■ seeing God, and of the Rev. T. Watson Reid, my present spiritual adviser, on the I 19th day of July, 1865, at Glasgow prison, j for communication to the proper authorities, j I, Edward William Pritchard, in the full possession of all my senses, and understand- , ing the awful position in which I am placed, j do make free and open confession that tbe sentence pronounced upon me is just; that j 1 am guilty of the death of my mother-in- ; law, Mrs. Taylor, and of my wife, Mary j Jane Pritchard ; that I can assign no motive | for tbe conduct which actuated me beyond a species of terrible madness and the uee of J ardent spirits. I hereby freely and fully state tbat the confession made to tbe Rev. , R. S. Oldham on the 11th day of this month ! was not true, and I hereby confess that I alone, not Mary M'Leod, poisoned my wife in the way brought out in evidence at my trial; that Mrs. Taylor's death was caused according to the wording of the indictment I further state to be true; and the main facts brought out on my trial I hereby fully acknowledge, and now plead wholly and solely guilty thereto, and may God have mercy on my soul! I pray earnestly for repentance not to be repented of and for for giveness from Almighty God, through the intercession of our blessed Redeemer, Me diator, and Advocate, Jesus Christ the Lord and Saviour. Fellow creatures, pray for me, and let me add I am in charity with all men. I have now to record my humble thanks to all who have taken part in any way for my interest. First to their lord | ships the judges for their great patience, forbearance, and careful consideration of my ! case, and to the gentlemen of the jury; to | all tbe officials; I cannot help mentioning the clerk of the High Court of Justiciary, the Governor (Mr. Smith) of the Edinburgh Gaol, the chaplain. Rev. Mr. Russell, Head Warder Nelson, Warders John Livingstone and Mackintosh ; the Governor of Glasgow Prison, Mr. Stirling; Mr. Armour, bead warder ; chaplain, Mr. Doran ; bis assistants, Messrs. Hogg and Troup; Warders Mutrie, Thomson, &c.; to Drs. Leisbinan and Dewar, surgeons to Glasgow prison ; and j Dr. Simpson, of Edinburgh gaol. To tbe non-officials my heartfelt thanks are spe cially due; to the Rev. Dr. Miller, of Free St. Matthew's, Glasgow; and to other ; ministers who have written to me, not ad- j ding their names; to Dr. Norman Macleod, may God bless him; and to my own im mediate faith-professors, Rev. R. S. Oldham and Rev. T. Watson Reid; to the police authorities — Superintendent M'Call and police at the central office, Glasgow; to sergeant Stewart, of the Edinburgh police 1 force; and the sheriff's officers Wilson, of j Glasgow, and Ferguson, of Edinburgh, and j to many others whose courtesy and kind ness I cannot forget; above all to Sir Archibald Alison, Sheriff, &c.;, for his hn- j mane, gentle treatment while undergoing his legal duties. May each and all accept the thanks of a dearly penitent sinner, and may Heaven be their reward, is the last j prayer of Edward William Pritchard." ! There is also connected with Dr. Pritch- j ard another case on which he may be able I to throw some light; some three or four , years ago a female servant in bis employ j I was found burned to death in bis house. Sbe was found lying on her back on the I bed, with the lower part of her person much j burned, and the door was locked, but the ! key could not be discovered. At the time I the case excited grave suspicion that she did not come by her death fairly, and it j seemed almost incredible that a woman j who was burnt to death should be found lying on her back. She naturally would ■ [ have endeavoured to save herself, and the I inference drawn from the odd circumstances was that tbe unfortunate young woman was | ! already dead before the bed took or was set : on fire. In reference to this circumstance, j a Glasgow journal observes:— 1 Some facts have come to our knowledge connected with tbe mysterious burning of the servant in his house in Berkeley-terrace, calculated to throw a deeper shade of sus picion over the occurrence than anything in ' the account of it contained in the narratives of the calamity. It is quite true that the j door of the room where the servant was sleeping was locked, but it was not quite j so certain that it was locked from the inside. The key was not in the lock, but was found by Dr. Pritchard in a room full ; of smoke, lying on the bed where tbe ser- j vant lay charred and lifeless. Nobody saw j the key until it was in the doctor's hand, ] and bow he could have so readily found it j in so UDlikely a place, amidst the dense and I almost suffocating smoke, remains a mys- ; tery that we fear points only to one sola- | tion. On another matter—viz., the motive I for the double murder of which he has been j found guilty—considerable light is thrown ' by his relations with a wealthy heiress in Glasgow. The young lady in question had some £14,000 in her own right. Dr. Pritchard was on visiting and generally pretty familiar terms with the heiress, upon whom, simple and unsuspecting to a degree, ; no blame rests. Aware of ber resources, the doctor sought a loan of some money. Before giving it, the young lad* consulted a friend, who advised that Mie money should not be given. The advice was acted upon, and the refusal broke up the cor respondence. The hiatus in the inter course thus created rendered it impossible : for the prosecution to introduce this episode ! into the trial; but, had matters all gone 1 right, it is easy to perceive what light it would have shed upon the one point in I the case on which no light fell in court, and no light has yet fallen In his con fession. Dr. Patterson, of Glasgow, has addressed a long letter to the * Glasgow Herald,' in vindication of his conduct in not having communicated to anybody his suspicion that Mrs. Pritcbard was being poisoned. The convict keeps- calm and composed, spending the whole day in reading the few books supplied out of the prison library, eatiDg well and sleeping soundly. An ap plication has already been received from a person ambitious of officiating on the morn ing of the execution. This rival to Gal craft, although quite unknown on the plat form of the British gallows, states that he qualified himself for the task by a short but arduous apprenticeship during the mutiny in India, where he made his first essay amongst the rebel sepoys. The authorities, it is stated, have agreed to employ Calcraft. The following account of the criminal will probably be read with some in terest :— Edward William Pritcbard is the son of Mr. John White Pritcbard, a captain in the Royal navy, and was born in 1825 at Southsea, Hants. After going through the usual preliminary education, he was ap prenticed in September, 1810, to Messrs. Edward John and Charles Henry Scott, surgeons of considerable practice in Ports mouth. During his apprenticeship be is : .stated to bave assiduously studied the ele mentary branches of his profession and con ducted himself with great propriety. On the completion of his apprenticeship, he came to London, and entered on his hos pital studies at King s College, in October, 1813; these, also, he prosecuted with great zeal, and his friends being desirous that he should enter the naval service of his coun try, he memorialised the authorities at the College of Surgeons to be allowed to offer himself for examination at an earlier period than was at that time allowed; bis applica tion having been granted, he appeared before the Court of Examiners on the 20th of May, 1818, and, after the usual examina tion, was admitted a member of the college. He then underwent an examination before the Navy board, and was duly gazetted an assistaDt-surgeon in her Majesty's navy, and has several relatives in the combatant branch of that service. Those who know what the position of the medical officer in the royal navy was at that time, and which is not much improved at the present time, will not be surprised that a highly educated and accomplished surgeon should endeavour to emancipate himself from such thraldom. He therefore embraced the first opportunity, and resigned all connection with the royal navy, and determined on seeking private practice. Finding it was necessary to pos sess a double qualification, he presented himself before the Society of Apothecaries, and having passed the examination was ad mitted a licentiate of the hall. He had previously obtained (it is believed by pur chase) the " M.D." of Erlangen. He then proceeded to Glasgow, where he practised with great success until his apprehension for a crime, second only in atrocity to that of the notorious William Palmer. While waiting for practice he sought amusemeut and profit in the use of "his pen, and became a laborious contributor to the advancement of general and medical science; many of his papers are distributed through the pages of the « Medical Times* and 4 Gazette,* and the ' Lancet,' the Transactions of the Phar maceutical, Obstetrical, and King's College Medical Societies. He was the author of a " Visit to Pitcairn Island," "Observations on Filey as a Watering Place," " The Guide to Filey aud its Antiquities," " Coast Lodg ings for the Poor of Cities," &c.; Dr. Pritcbard was a fellow and member of nearly twenty learned societies and institu tions in the United Kingdom, and medical officer to several life assurance offices. In personal appearance the convict is a tall, slightly-built man, about o feet 10 inches or 11 inches in height, with sharp pointed features, aquiliae nose, and does not appear older than the age stated—viz., forty-one years. 