% (tomaU Ctirnuidt, COMMERCIAL, AGRICULTURAL, NAVAL, 4c MILITARY REGISTER Lst It be Impressed upon your minds— let It be li stilled Into your children, that tbb Libertf op mi Patsa U the palladium of all the civil, political, ant religions rights of an Englishman.— Jckius. Libibtt with danger It to be preferred to ilavcry with iecurlty.-SiU.iiST. ? Wednesday, April 26, 18S5. DELORAINE RAILWAY. It is seriously high time those, who wish well to Launceston, should exert themselves, that a fiiil for the construc tion ot the Launceston and Deloraine Railway, pats the Parliament at the coming Session. We, who have ever regarded with the greatest interest the Railway question; who have striven with the Leaguers to obtain the bless ings of intercommunication by means of the steam horse, whilst we considered they bad the ghost of a chance of success; we, ever watchful for the interests of our constituents, feel deeply that, unless something is done, and done at once, Launceston may '6hutup'; — that the se cond Metropolis of Tasmania will be removed to the Banks of the Mersey. We were the first tp draw attention to the 'quiet, yet earnest way, the pro moters of the Deloraine and Mersey Railway were proceeding towards effect ing the line between the Rivers on theN. W. Coast, and the principal grain growing district of the North. We noted from time to time the pro ceedings of those promoters, saw their share-Hst quietly gaining strength, re cotrniBed the rapidity with which they were unostentatiously proceeding to success, and implored our immediate friends to abandon all the chimerical dodges with which tbey have for eight years been amused, and to lose not a moment in imitating the most laudable, as well as praotioal example of the Mersey people, to secure the advantages of the great re generator of the age. And we have now to record the further progress of the Mersey and Deloraine Company. The contract for the first and most dif ficult portion pf the line, has be tnken; the directors have determined that the work shall proceed with the utmost rapidity And all with them is business, and hops, fraught with every promise ol immediate success. We say seriously, apart from all feel ing of party politics, with the one single purpose only in view, it is in deed high time, that the people of Launceston imitated those of Devou, unless they wish to see their houses tenantles and falling to decay, and their streets resolved into pasturage for sheep. In thus speaking we would earn estly enquire, have they any hope— Can they promised themselves the faintest, most infinitesimal result, from the further agitation of the Railway ques tion, a» it has been propounded by the originators of the League ? We desire that the most enthusiastic Leaguer, who is not instigated by political mo tives altogether antipodal to the Rail way, should ask himself this ques tion :— Is there a possibility of Parlia ment at its coming session conceding the proposals of the League, viz, ' to issue debentures secured upon tlw pro perties of freeholders in Lmirweston nndtlw ildihmv Districts for 400,0001 and hand occr tlw proceed* to ,/iw Commissioners appointed by the League' I This is the question the sober thinker must ask himself, and this he must determine— for the ques tion of the Carrying Company is so ri diculous that it cannot be for a moment entertained, because the absurdity of renting a Railway which is simply an aerial or mythical one, and not in existence, never we presume would be introduced to Parliament, by Mr. Douglas in his most grave and cohe rent moments, until the question of the Railway itself was first disposed of. Well, this being the question, to what conclusion can a sane man arrive, with all the precedents before him of the ac tion of Parliament during the last «ght years generally, and during the last two years especially? Will either Sir Richard Dry, Mr Douglas, or Mr Dowling, venture to gull the people of this town, by asserting that they, or either of them, believe there is the slightest probability of the Railway League propositions passing either House during the ensuing session ? Will they, or either of them, publish in print the candid opinion that they believe that Parliament of 1865 will grant this 400,000? 1 Let them do this, and if' we were not ourselves so absolutely certain that the proposal will be kicked out with greater ignmoiny this year, than it was last, or the year before, we would almost be inclined to abide the coming Parliament, and permit the encounter ol another most goading disappointment made ridiculous though it be, by trium phal entrees, and league fete*. But in justice to the public; in justice to the mun, women, and children whose homes are in Launceston ; in justice to ourselves, we cannot consent to stand by longer silently, and see the people deluded into apathy, by tue promise of a grant of money they can never receive. It is encouraging them to sit down and languidly await the advent ol nrosneritv to be showered upon them which can never come, to allow them to think for a single instant they can get it without any effort of their own. It were criminal on our part to do this, — deceitful in the extreme, — abhorrent, even although for the moment we might receive a little ephemeral applause there bv. Ouradvice is— action, determined ac tion and 6elf-relinnce. We warn our rea ders to avoid the illusory, the destructive beacon, which has for so many yeare been but a will-o-the-wisp, and afforded them so many instances of disappoint ment. We urge them to throw off the fetters by which they are bound. And to arise as one man and undertake their own regeneration. The example of the Promoters of the Mersey and Deloraine Railway Com pany is before the people of Launces ton, and it will be well for them, if they imitate it.' Thev may be sure, that un til they do, they never can hope for Railway intercommunication. They have the opportunity of doing so, in taking shares in a cognate company to that now ' going a-head so vigorously, (the Mersey and Deloraine) and by taking shares at once, the project may be so far completed, that the Bill, —a likely Bill it pass, — may pass the Parliament the country is on the eve of. The names of the first Directors of this substantial Railway Company and no myth, are before the the public, and they comprehend filenames of the richest men, on both sides of the Island ; men who have heavy interests at stake ; who are in every way a guarantee for prudence and enterprise. We repeat, in the way proposed by the Direct Railway Company, and only in that way can a Bill for the construction of the Launceston and Deloraine Railway pass the Legislature. We repeat that such a Dill in all probability will— to a cprtaintv will, if the people co-onerate heartily with the promoters, — pass the Parliament now approaching. Let our readers consider the humiliating position they'will occupy, if the Delo raine and Mersey people have their steam horse in full progress, proudly whistling from Torquay to Deloraine daily, whilst they are still ridicu lously inaugurating League fetes in the Gardens, bazaars and other dodges to raise the wind in a small way, or getting the recognised spotiters, to declaim and bear false witness against their neighbours at mob meet ings in the MeoiianicB* Institute. Let them think of this, and ask if they have not sufficient reliance to put their own shoulders to the wheel as the De loraine and Mersey Railway Company have done. By this means, simulta neously with the opening of the Mer sey and Deloraine Railway, that of the Launceston and Deloraine Railway may be opened. By this means the traders, and shopkeepers of this town mtay have daily steam communication with the coast. Yes: — by this means only — anil by this means quickly. Let them then if they would have it so, abandon nil projects tlmt have so long proved themselves to be illusory, and enlist in one that has precedent to re comtnend it, — tlist no opposition can successfully affect. Let them do this we say, and show that they are in ear nest, by at once forwarding to the Se cretary, their applications for shares in the direct launceston and Deloraine Railway Company. 