COUNTY COURT. A point of considerable importance to the mercan tile community was decided, by his Honor Judge Pohlman, in the suit Tickle and another v. De Little and another, heard in the county court on Monday. This was an action brought by Messrs Roxburgh, Tickle and Co., merchants, carrying on business at the Hall of Commerce, against Messrs De Little, Douglas and Co., Queen street, for the recovery of £40, as commission on goods forwarded by the defendants to be sold for them by the plaintiffs in New Zealand. It appeared that, about the latter part of, 1864, the plaintiffs entered into an agreement with the defendants to sell for them in New Zealand, at a rate not lower than a certain reserved price, a quantity of paper ; the terms to be a com mission of seven and a half per cent., which was also to cover the costs of transit. A portion but not the whole shipment was disposed of by the plaintiffs, a market not being found for the balance. The plaintiffs, having been put to no small amount of trouble, claimed their commission on the quantity of goods sold ; and, after some negotiation, the goods remaining were given up to the defendant on, as alleged to the plaintiffs, a. guarantee that the claim would be met or the goods returned to them. This was after wards refused,' and hence the present action; ,The defence was that the plaintiffs were only entitled to their commission in the event of a sale being effected of the whole quantity. Messrs Spowers, a member of the Chamber of Commerce, and Murray, of Bright Brothers, deposed that it was the custom to allow two and a half per cent, on returned goods. His Honor awarded a verdiot for the plaintiff for £20 10s 8d in addition to a sum of £19 odd paid into court. In the suit Prouse v. Harding, decided in the county court, on Tuesday, the plaintiff and de fendant are both residents of Windsor, and had had, it appeared, some money transactions. A meeting took place between them in December last, at which this .proved a bone of contention. The creditor, Prouse, making a demand for promdt re-, payment of a loan, received a reply which he did not consider satisfactory. He, therefore, htreatened legal proceedings. From high words to blows is an easy transition, and the defendant, taking up a tim ber roller, struck the plaintiff a blow on the head. The injury was rather a severe one, so much so that plaintiff was taken home in a helpless condi tion and had to call in medical advice. The defence was that the manner and language of the plaintiff were of an aggravating nature. His Honor, while expressing a regret that the affair had not been dealt with oriminally at the local police court, adopted the same view of the case, and therefore awarded miti gated damages to the amount of £16 and costs. The appearance of a veritable ghost, in the shape of a headless trooper, on a grey oob, is thus recorded by the Riverine. Herald :— ' We have not many re corded instanoes of supernatural visitations in the shape of ghosts in Australia. Some, however, have been spoken of. Dr. Lang, in his history of New South Wales, mentions one, through the instru mentality of which a foul murder was discovered, but that occurrence took place many years ago, and has well nigh passed away from the memory of the oldest inhabitant. Most people have heard of that haunted spot, the Black Swamp, between Doniliquin and the Murrumbidgee, round which, it is said, at the dead hour of night, a headless trooper rides a grey cob at full speed. We were assured the other day that a party of three men camped thoro lately for the night were nearly scared out of their senses by the appearance in the full moonlight of this midnight visitant. Our informant was positive that the occurrence had taken place, and we bolieve ho was sincere in his belief as to the appearance of the apparition. It does not take much to impose on the senses of a certain class of buslnnoii, who are quite as superstitious as their seagoing brethren.' 