CURRENT TOPICS. Up to the hour of our going to press, there was no news of tlio maiL The sittings of the Insolvent Court commence this day. A list of the insol vents is published in auother column. The anniversary of the Wcsleyan Sab bath School was held on Wednesday evening at Hampstead, when Air G. Hitchcock presided. The meeting was addressed by the Revs. Wells, Crisp, and Riggins, and Messrs Fitchett, Parry, Brown, Carpenter, and M'Kenzie. The annual reunion was celebrated by a tea meeting of a sumptuous character, which was held in the chapel and a large tent adjoining, both of which places were crowded. A collection was made for the further increase of a library established for the free circulation of books for the use of the inhabitants of the neighbor hood; add if it might be judged by the hearty response made at the close of the meetiug to the appeal for the increase of the library, a due appreciation of the benefits conferred was felt. A vote of thanks to the ladies for providing such a repast was duly recorded; and a vote of thanks to the chairman concluded an evening which will be remembered with pleasure. A supper, provided by the Hon. Air Lowe, detained the guests from Geelong until moonrise. when a large cor tege at a late hour enjoyed a drive through the crisp frost homewards. The lion "Wallace" and his com panions still continue to attract a great many visitors to the menagerie in Great Eyrie-street. The proceedings at the Central Police Court were represented by a clean sheet. The Newtown and Chilwell Police Court was presided over by A. S. Robertson, Esq, J.P., and F. Champion, Esq, J.P., who sentenced a boy named John Collins to forty-eight hours' imprisonment for disorderly conduct in the public streets. The juvenile culprit is one of a numerous gang of " Arabs," that infest the vicinity of Skene street, and delight in pulling unoccupied houses to pieces, smashing windows, and destroying roofs and en closures. He was caught by Constable Lyons, who overheard him makiug arrangements for a night's spoliation with ] his companions. He is one of the many guilty of using obscene language in the streets, and iusulting young females. I No business was done at the Meredith ; Police Court on Wednesday, the only magistrates present being Mr Lee, J.P. Several cases had to be adjourned wbicli had been adjourned at the previous meeting. The police magistrate for the district is on leave of absence, and great difficulty is experienced in finding a second justice of the peace on court day. This ought at once to be looked to, 03 it is uo slight joke for persons having busi ness at the court to be obliged to trave some teu or twelve miles over bad roads, and on their arrival to find that they must cut and come again, and perhaps have to repeat the same some two or three times before their grievances can be ad judicated upon. We recommend the subject to the attention of the Aliuister of Justice. Oar town lias been troubled lately with a number of petty thefts. Ou Wednes day evening, some thief visited Jlr Page's residence, but was very moderate in his requirements, which seem to have been satisfied with the appropriation of a scraper. As an instance of the severity of the weather during the last few days, wo may mention that a thick coat of ice was to be found on the water tanks at Belmont yes terday, and icicles could be seen sus pended from the fruit and other trees. We have been informed that among other mediums employed by a squatter, at the land selections at Belfast, were two members of our legislative assembly, one policeman, and four young ladies, one of whom, we understand, was the daugh ter of a clergyman. The pay of tho ladies ayeraged from one pound to five pounds per day. On Friday last (says the Ararat Adver tiser) the revolutions of the lottery bos at the Land Office cast to the surface the name of a gentleman called Alexander Keith, who had made his signature by means of that stenographic symbol, which is popularly supposed to represent all patronymics alike. Mr Keith was called at first loudly, next vehemently, and then threateningly. The waiting selectors bandied the name about, and curiously examined the movements of the expectant crowd, to learn who the favorite of fortune was, who was now invited to take possession of G40 acres, and become a yeoman and a stay to his adopted country. "No appearance" was on the lips of the impatient officer, when a gentleman, who seemed to have hut just awoke to find himself famous, staggered through the crowd, and declared himself the veritable proprietor of the cog nomen: Mr Keith wore a blue serge shirt aud billycock hat, moleskin trousers, and Iaceless laceups; the collar of the shirt was unbuttoned, and displayed to the best advantage a muscular throat, which with his face, gave evidences of haying been browned under Tasmanian suns, as well as by ours of Victoria. Haying roiled into the office with a dis dainful glance at the constables, he informed the clerk that he wanted an "arey," but being told that an area was rather too much of a monoply, the ambi tious selector becarao wistful to know if tlie land was on the Geelong side, pathe tically and confidently remarking, that he wanted a slice of old 's run, "you know." Mr'Keith was told that the areas open for selection were not on the Gee long side, and one of the obliging officials placed a plan before him, showing the lands on which he was free to choose a future home. The selector looked vacantly at the map, but at length became attracted by bright green allot ment, yrliick" at once won his capricious fancy, indicating as it did such luxuriant herbage, but much to his disgust hp found that "the green lot" had been already selected. At length he fixed on a yellow section,_and declared bis intention of rest ing satisfied with the choice. The de scription and area of the land chosen were called out, and Mr Keith was requested to move further over, and pay his money; " pay r' queried the fuddled' but startled bona fide, "I've got no money (hie), old un; thought it was free selection, you know." Mr Keith was immediately shown the door, towards which Mr Keith very leisurely retired ; and through which he called to know if the H coves" would just keep him that 'ero lot till lie returned t The exportation of horses to South Ant! tralia is evidently on the increase. One hundred and fifty young horses, all hut ten of which were broken in, passed through Meredith on Wednesday, cn route. Tho following is from the Daylesford Mercury-"During the proceedings of the Council on Monday, Cr Jamison ob served that the attention of the Inspector should be called to the bye-law iu reference to the cleaning of chimneys. His (Cr Jamison's) chimney had been on lire, and yet lie had not been summoned. Tho onlv parallel to this naive remark tint weremember was that of a digger who had been fined for drunkenness in the Police Court, and complained to us that his name had not been mentioned in the report! He thought he was as much entitled to the honor of appearing in print as richer men. There is no accounting for tastes." The following is from the Portland Chronicle :—" By the Edina, this morn ing, Franz Zimmerman, a tradesman of this town, was removed to Melbourne as I a dangerous lunatic. It appears that 011 I tiie opening of the first agricultural areas at Hamilton, Zimmerman was amongst those who must needs go and try their luck. The lottery to him was a most unfortunate one ; not only did he fail in securing land, hut the excitement of tlio occasion, acting on a system predisposed thereto, brought on a violent attack of insanity. He -was conveyed in this stato from Hamilton to Portland, and placed in the keeping of his wife and friends, who have used every means to restoro him to his right mind, but without effect. About three years ago he suffered from a similar attack, and what is somewhat re markable, it was brought on by a visit to Hamilton during the excitement of a con tested election." The following ghost story we take from the Mount Alexander Mail :—"Writing 011 the subject of ghosts, a correspondent sends us the following mysterious para :raph :—Some time ago, Mr Archibald Michie delivered a lecture upon this sub ject, in Melbourne, ridiculing the belief that denizens of the spirit world would take the trouble of paying nightly mun dane visitations, for the pnrpose of fright ening the souls of superstitious and weak minded people. The lecture was subse quently replied to by Mr David Blair, who took up cudgels for the wandering phantoms, maintaining that they were not only in the habit of haunting the scenes of associations which they expe rienced when they moved corporeal exist ences, but that they had a perfect right to do so. The matter, had no beneficially practical result, the colony at that period not being able to point to a single supposed haunted habitation, or any gloomy abode sufficiently inviting to attract ghosts of the departed. Let it not he too easily presumed, however, that every spirit which takes leave of the body in Victoria departs to a bonrue from which no traveller returns. If a large number of persons are to be believed, there is a noted " bleak " house, situate not a hundred miles from the junction of the Campbell's Creek and Tarrengower roads, which for some months past has been the scene of nightly visitations of restless souls who have recrossed the Styx. The tenaut of the house is a brawny blacksmith, not likely to he easily soared, but both he and his family maintain that in a certain room of the house, there are nightly such strango_ goings-on, such unearthly noises, such jumping about of chairs and tables, accompanied by strange moans and groans, that it is impossible for any of them to sleep, yet on entering the room all is as quiet and still as the air when the winds are hushed. No sooner, however, is the door of the apartment closed, that the pranks and frolics are resumed with double vigor, nor cease till daylight does appear. It is cur rently reported that incredulous neigh bours have passed portions of the night in the house, and that the experi ence of all verifies the statement of the blacksmith. Among tho number of persons alluded to, is an energetic member of the Borough Coun cil, aud a well-known Boniface, born of no pale-faced fear. It is further stated that an appeal has been made to a cele brated nautical captain of the district, whose long acquaintance with Father Neptune, it is supposed, may have made liim sufficiently knowing as to enable him to exorcise these airy visitants from tho abode of their present midnight revelries. In the meantime, it is a fact that the black smith is about to seek other quarters, where it is to be hoped his slumbers may be as calm as an infant's upon its I mother's breast. The Warrnambool Examiner of Tues day, furnishes the following particulars of the cold-blooded murder at Russell's Creek :—"One of the most atrocious mur ders ever committed in this district, and equalling that of poor Constable O'Boyle, took place on Saturday evening last, at - Russell's Creek. The victim, James Sweeney, died at the hospital yesterday morniug, and an inquest was held on his body at that institution, before the police magistrate and a jury of twelve, last evening. It appears that James Sweeney, his murderer (a man named Tboma3 Mey— nard, or 'Yankee Tom'), John Haw, and" John Wales, were all in the employ of Mr John Evans, the contractor, and slejit in" separate bunks in a house close to their employer's residence. On Saturday even-, ing, Wales, Sweeney, and Haw went to bed about the usual time. Meynard was lying on his bunk, undressed. ' Between eleven and twelve o'clock Haw was awoke from his sleep by hearing two shots fired, and a scream, and on looking around ha saw Meynard pointing a pistol at him. Meynard told him to be quiet, that he did not want to hurt him, and then fired at poor Sweeney, who was lying on his bed wounded, and who then evidently received the third shot. Haw and Wales then went outside after Maynard, but returned to dre3S them selves, and whilst doing so Mevnardseem3 to have returned, and fired a fourth shot, but without effect, after which nq further trace has been seen of him. Sweeney wa3 then assisted to Mr Evans's residence. Dr Boyd found Sweeney suffering from three distinct wounds, from one of which he extracted a conical bullet. Sweeney was as speedily as possible conveyed to the hospital, where he died iii great agony. The onljf cause assigned for the murder is, that Sweeney and Meynard had a quarrel whilst at work on Saturday, when Mey-: nard tcok up a pick to strike the other, but was prevented. It is supposed that Meynard then waited until Sweeney was asleep, when he deliberately shot lpm. The parties appear to have been perfectly sober during the evening. The deceased was a single man, and aged about twenty six, A verdict of wilful murder has been returned," 