TOOWOOMBA POLICE COURT. TnunsDAY, April 13, 1865. . fBeforo Otto Sachse. Esa.. J.P.) Edwin Meyer applied to tho Bonch to bind over John Holland to keep tho pence, deposing that he was in fear of his life. His Worship was of opinion that tho information should have been laid shortly ailcr tbo threats mado use of, and ad vised complainant to withdraw tho application, which was complied with. Samo v. T. R. Pearco. — Similar application. Withdrawn. Martin Hcnehan v. Thomas Boughsang and William Alexander v. Thomas Boughsang — two wages casos — were called on, and in each case Mr. Stable objected, on behalf of the plaintiffs, to Dr. Sachse adjudicating nlono. (Before the Police Magistrate.) Tho above cases wcro again called on, and after tho evidence hod been heard, plaintiffs wore ad vised to bring them forward In the petty debts court Saturday, ArniL 15. (Before tho Police Magistrate.) obscene language. Michael Leonard was charged with mnking use of obscene language. Coostablo Murphy deposed : About eight o'clock last evening I was coming dowu Ruthven- strcet, just after Church service, and I saw prisoner inside of the new premises belonging to Limmer and Bees, and another man leaning over liim, and I thought tiying to pick his pockets I asked him what he was doing, and he 6aid ho whs trying -to raise up his mate : I told him I thought he .was trying to do something else ; ,he said " No, I was. , only trying to take him home ;" I went to priS soner, raised up his head, and. asked him 'what he was doing there ? when he told me to go to h—, what had that to do with me ; I turned his head up and asked him, " Do you see who I am," when ho again told me to go to h— ; I then arrested and took him to tho lock-up'; he was "drunk, "and in tho new shop belonging to Limmer and Rces ; I never saw him before. Prisoner had nothing to say in his defence,' and., said ho knew nothiog of tho occurrence ; he was in employment at Gowrie, and only came into town tho night before it occurred. Fined 10s. or forty-eight hours in tho lock-up. Threatening Language. John Brookes was charged with using violent and threatening language towards Peter Ross on the 11th and 12th instant. Complainant deposed: I am a carpenter and live on the Range ; at 11 o'clock last Tuesday . night Brookes came to my house ; his wife and family were staying at my house ; I was in bed when he came home ; I got up to have a smoke ; when I came out of my bed-room into the sitting- room he was sitting on a rocking-chair; another young man was sitting on a block near tho fire- place ; Brookes' wife was standing near him ; there was a new pair of boots lying on the floor, and I said these boots look rather small for the man they belong to ; I lit my pipe; there were two lamps burning; Mrs. Brookes said to me. "You had better put out one of the lights," and I . said "Yes, if you like;" Brookes got out of the rocking-chair, and said " That's it, is it — I see what you are up to ?" he kicked up a row with his wife ; she then went out of the room, and he followed to look for her ; he took the light with him, and it went out while in his hand ; I went into my bed-room. to dress myself fully ; I went outside the house, and he caught hold of me by the shirt with his left hand, and said "Come on, I'll fight you now;" I told him I wouldn't fight ; he said " I know what you want, you want Susan;" I told him I didn't want her; he said " If you want to fight I'll flog you ; "I said he could do so if he liked ; he still came before me and I refused to fight three or four times, when he said " I will kill you;" I was frightened at these words, and ran away about a mile and stayed that night; I am in fear he will do me bodily harm; I make the complaint for my own safety Jacob Ott deposed ; I heard a row in my neigh bour's house on Tuesday night about half-past 11 ; I put on my trousers and went out; I saw two men who were standing in a fighting attitude; one of them said I'll fight you for half-a- crown ; I saw one of them afterwards run down toward the ' town, and, thinking it was Peter Ross, I called him, and he did not answer ; prisoner came into my house and asked for his wife ; I told him his wife was not there ; he said " By the Holy Ghost if she is, and I find her, I'll kill her, if I hang for it afterwards;" he went into my sleeping room with a knife in his hand, and they began to cry ; my wife said " You had better take him out before he kills me;" I said " Jack you had better go to bed; you'll be all right to go to work in the morning ; he asked me to take a nobbler, and I said I didn't care about it ; my wife said I had better go home with him, and I did so ; he asked for Peter, and said " The b——y wretch, if I find him I'll kill him too— he was with my wife;" I took him to the house where he was staying, left him there, and then went back ; at 2 o'clock he came again, with a table knife in his hand ; he wanted to get in and I shut the door ; he asked for his wife and I told. him she was not there ; she was there then sleeping by my wife ; the prisoner stood outside the window with the knife in his hand ; he said you b— y wretch * * * ; he then went away, and I heard that he threatened to kill every one about ; his wife was very frightened., Defendant stated that he had been cut and bruised in a fearful manner by the two witnesses, and they had taken this course to prevent him taking a warrant out against them. Ordered to be bound over in the sum of £30, and two sureties in £20 each, to keep tho peace for six months. uttering a forged cheque. "William Ord was charged with uttering a forged cheque. Jeremiah Foran (Sub-Inspector) doposed: Its- ceived information lofct night from a man staying at Mr. Froser's that ho hod receivod ' a forgea cheque from a man named Daley ; I made in quiries respecting the cheque and found it had been returned to tho pereoawhouttoredit; about 12 o'clock I inquired where ho .was, and was told - , ho was in bed ; I went upstairs .to bis bed-room/ in company with other persons, and under tbe pillow lie 'was lying on I saw the coat which ho now has on ; I took tbo poat from, under, his head" and searched the pockets ; in one of the pockets I- found this pockot book' (black,) with two cheques —ono for £34: on tho Bank of Queensland, at Ipswich, tho othor for £11 IDs. on tho samo bank —both signed "Georgo .Thorn;" I also found a number ofblank cheques in the pocket-book,ome on tho Bank of Queensland, and somo on the Bank of New South Walos, Sydney ; I then.apprehendcd him on the charge of uttering a forged cheque when ho denied having dono so ; I then took him to tho lock-up ; he stated at Mr. Fraser's that his name was William Ord, and at the' lock-up he re fused to civo his name ; I am not prepared to go on with the case until tho arrival of Mr. Thome, and I ask for a remand. . Prisoner on being asked if ho had anything to say, stated he did not sco any necessity of his say ing anything : was a person to bo apprehended for having blank cheques in his possession ? it was a great pieco of cruelty. Tbe Polico Magistrate : If I am to judge by tho manner in which you now conduct yourself, -I should think that it is not tho first time you havo had to answer such & charge. Remanded till Saturday, 22nd instant. Tuesday, Apbil 18. (Before the Polico Magistrate, and Mossre. Whit- ®hurco, Marley, and Isaac, Esqrg., J/a P.. William Alexander v. John Bowman— This was an application for protection from personal violonco and injury. Jfr, appeared for tho complainant. . William Alexander deposed: I am a bushman ; I vas squaring timber at the Stonoy Pinch on tho 13th instant j on that evening I stayed in my mate's camp until 8 o'clock, and when leaving the tent to go to my own humpy Bowman came forward and struck mo without any causa ; I never had any words with him ; Bowman was employed drawing timber; ho knocked me down twice and said "'Scotty, you b——r, I'll take your life ;' I did not strike him ; he met me next day and asked if I had a summons for him, and I said I had not, and he said " A d——d good job for you too Martin Hanrahan and his wife were by at tho time my life was threatened ; I should be afraid of him now, for he, with other men, was looking for me tho same night I was attacked. By tho Bench : I make tho complaint from no ill-will ; but for my own safety. Defendant stated he had nothing more to say than that he did not threaten complainant's life. Tho Police Magistrate was remarking that it appeared some differences had taken place between tho men at the camp, when, Mr. Stable said ho had a more serious charge to bring against tho defendant, that of setting fire to a humpy and burning all tho clothes, &c.;, that a man had in tho world. The Police Magistrate : Are you prepared with evidence to that effect? Mr. Stable : I am in a position to prove that he threatened to burn the house down, and it after wards was burnt down. Bound over in the sum of £20 to keep the peace for three months, in default to bo confined for that period. CIIABOB OP ARSON. Martin Henehan charged John Bowman with tbo above offence. ' "Stable appeared in support of tho charge. . Martin Henehan deposed : I attended this court onthel3ih.of this mpnth to recover wages from Mr; Bouschang when I left the court I returned to' Stoney Pinch, where I am living with my wife; it.woa a tent with bark on the outside ; tho bark was supported by two props with a pole across, outside tho tent ; tho bark was not fixed, but laid outside to keep tho rain from tho tent. Mr. .Stable: If your Worships aro of opinion that this is not a dwelling-house within tbo mean- ing of tho Act, you are empowered under tho "Malicious Injuries' Act," to inflict a penalty of £5 or two months' imprisonment for destroying property. , Tho case was proceeded with under the 14 Ma licious Injuries' Act." Witness continued: Bowman (tho defendant) come to my house after I was in bed, and called me up twice; he said " You b— —r, get up or I'll pull you out, I'll put you from serving sum monses ;" he told me to open tho door, and I re fused ; — the door was composed of sheets of bark, which were tied — -he tore the hark away, and I shouted out to others to help me ; they would not help me,. and I came into town to the police ; ho followed me some distance ; he told me if I did not come out he would burn tho place down; I left my Wife in tho tent ; when I returned I met a butcher, and he told me my place was burnt ; there was a bag and a half of flour in tho place, bed and bedclothes, and mine and my wife's clothes when it was burnt ; my wife was in Too woomba when the tent was burnt : we have no thing now more than wo stand upright in ; I have been to the place and. there is nothing left but tbo bark. By the Bench : The valuo of the property was about £15. \- Martin Louis deposed s »I am a bush carpenter ; I heard defendant about twelve o'clock at night tell the complainant if ho did not come out he would burn the tent down ; on Sunday- lost tho defendant was fighting opposite my humpy, and I told him it was a shame, when ho said " You German b——r, I'll scald and burn you in your place defendent said to complainant " If you don't come out I'll burn you out;" prisoner went to the humpy with a light after complainant left, and said " Let's see what's inside ; he threatened to throw complainant's wife out by tho leg; the humpy was not burnt then, but it was burnt on I By the Bench:- My. bumpy and the one burnt were about fifty, yards apart; I was not home to ' dinner on the day the humpy was burnt. William Alexander deposed : After the assault was committed on' mo for getting tho summons, John Bowman threatened Martin Henehan ; I was in another tent when Henehan left to go for tho police ; when prisoner came back from follow ing plaintiff, plaintiff's wife was sitting with a child in her arms, and prisoner said that b——y old husband of yours has escaped, and if I lay bands on him I'll settle him ; he lifted his fist and threatened to strike Martin Henehan's wife ; when he was going away" he said " 1 have not done with you yet, I'l burn the place over you, I may as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb;" I heard no thing more. 'Mr. Stable said if the case was adjourned from what he was informed he would be able to get evidence, from those who were there about tho time the fire occurred. The Police Magistrate : There has been suffi- cioht time since last Friday, when it occurred, to .> bring evidence forward. Mr, Stable: The men have been actually afraid to return to the camp on account of the . threats made by the prisoner, who is aIbo backed by a largo number of mon at tho camp ; and for that reaton we have-been unable target evidence up to theprescn't time. The Bench considered there "'was not sufficient evidence to rematid the case. If other evidence could be produced, the charge might bo again «. brought forward. As bo was to bo bound over to'keep the pcoco there would bo no danger of further violence in the meantime. Tho case was therefore dismissed. G. Hamilton v. Maria Foley .—This was an ap plication for an order to dolivcr up possesion of certain promises, situated in James-street, Too woomba. Gustavus Hamilton deposed : I rented a cottage to Miss Foley about tho 11th February, by the to quii (copy of notice handed in) she paid, up her rent .to that date ; I demanded .possession at the end cf the month, and she. refused to give it up; she has not given up possession to tho present time ; I have a lawful rtght to .tho same as against Miss Foley, and am still kept, out of possession ; I may say that she offered to give up possession as soon as she got a house to suit herself. Miss, Foley was very sorry to disoblige Mr. Hamilton in respect to' not giving up possession ; ho was a very good landlord ; but she had dono hor best to obtain another house, and had boon unable.to get one. ' ' The Bench stated that Mr. Hamilton had com plied with the requirements of tho law in demand ing possession, and although they were sorry to see her inconvenienced in not being able to get a house, there were certain rules laid down for their guldanco, and in accordance therewith thoy must order -her to give up possession within seven days. Wednesday, April 19. . » (Before the Folico Magistrate, James Taylor, and J. S. Whitchurch, Esqrs. J.'s P.) ABBAULT OASES. Edwin Meyer v. John Holland. — Charge of as sault. No appcaranco of complainant. Dismissed. Mr. Holland applied for costs, stating that ho was prepared to prove that the assault was com- xnitted on thq other side. The Bench said thoy would hear the other cases before deciding tbe question of costs. 8atne v. Thomas Cutler — charge of assault. This case was alsd dismissed, complainant being absent Sarah Meyer v. Thomas C. Culler. Mr- Hamil ton for complainant Complainant deposed: I remember tbe 4th of April ; I was at the School of Arts about half- past four or five o'clock that afternoon ; tho de fendant came into tho School of Arts at that hour; I had no conversation with him ; % ho was there about three or four minutes ; Mr. Mover (my hus band) went out; thoy (Holland and Cutler) fol- lowed him, and I followed thorn ; Mr. Moycr turned round when opposito Dr. Stacy's, and was 'struck, by Cutlor; I went botween them to.savo ray huB- band, who is of a delicate constitution, when I was struck by tbe defendant, and my hat knocked off; I gavo the defendant no provocation whatever ; I then went into Dr. Stacy's houso, and was not assaulted afterwards. By Cutler : I saw Mr. Meyer throw nothing at you ; yon struck me on tho left sido of the head. By tho Bench : I was between Mr. Holland and Mr. Cutler when I was struck, trying to save my husband ; Holland was on my right sido and Cut ler on my left when I was struck. John Holland, for tho defence, deposed : I know Mrs. Moycr, I recollect the afternoon of tho 4th April; I saw both complainant and defendant on that afternoon ; I saw taem first in tho School of Arts, and after that about 150 yards higher up ; Mr. Picrco (Cutler) asked Mr. Moycr for an ex planation of tho language ho had used concerning us, when Mr. Meyer picked up a piece of scantling, about four inches square, and told Mr. Picrco if ho advanced another foot ho would throw it at him ; ho did so — bo throw it at Mr. Picrco ; Mrs. Meyer camo up then and caught bold of Mr. Piorco by tho back 5f tho neck (ho has tho marks on his neck now) and nulled him away from Mr. Moyer ; Mr. Moycr tuon struck' at mo ; I saw Piorco strike Mr. Meyer, but not Mrs. Meyer. By Mr. Hamilton : That was tho first row ; I was with Mr. Pierce at the time ; Mr. Pierce said " Dont you interfere," and I left it to him; I can swear positively that Mr. Picrco did not strike Mrs. Meyer, as he was not in a position to do so. Case dismissed. ' Tho Police Magistrate said with respect to tho first cose the Bench wore not inclined to grant costs ; they considered there were faults on both sides. Three of four other coses arisingoutof tho Bamo circumstances wore also dismissed.. for horse sold and delivered. Plea novcr indebted. Mr. Stablo for plaintiff ; Mr. Ocock for defen- dant. . Goorgo Preston deposed: I reside near Too- woomba ; in October last I owned a roan horso ; at tho end of that month I bought somo bullocks of defendant, on which there was duo him £12 10s. ; I loaned him a horso to go to Ipswich, and tho agreement was that if ho fancied tno horso ho was to give me two good working bullocks, and cry quite for tho £12 10s. ; I havo nover seen tho horso since ; ho has put off its delivery for a month on two or three occasions ; ho afterwards offered me two other bullocks instead ; my son saw them and he was not satisfied with them, and refused to take them ; I havo novcr been paid for tbo horse. Mr. Ocock, for defendant, contended that on tho plaintiff's own Bhowing there was no sale ; it was conditional on the defendant liking tho horso ; the suit ought to havo been brought for the value of tho horso— not for its salo and delivery. Witness (in answer to Mr. Ocock) : Defendant never told me ho was satisfied with the horso ; but he offered two other bullockB to mo afterwards to prevent the case being brought into court. — Macburnoy deposed: In October lost I was in the employment of Mr. Ryan ; I recollect Byan getting a horse from Preston; Ryan did not toll mo the terms, or what tho 'agreement was ; it was a good draught horse, and I should think was worth £30 ; I went to Ipswich and back, and tho horso was taken with us ; on our return the horso was turned out, and I havo not scon it since.' By Mr. Ocock : Ryan told mo ho got tho horso from Mr. Preston, and said the bargain was not settled for it; I had a conversation with Mr. Preston this morning, when ho asked mo what I thought of tho horso, and I told him I considered it a very good ono ; I was subpoenaed on Monday to appear as a witness. By the Bench : Tho horso was only worked by us one trip to Ipswich, and on our return it was turned out near Stein's Bridge, and was lost. George Preston fl6 years of ago) deposed : I was present when the horse was delivered, and heard the agreement made ; defendant was to have the horse one trip and . return it on his coming back ; if tho horso suited Ryan ho was to buy it ; I cannot remombor tho agreement exactly, but I think two bullocks and two cows were to be given for tho horse ; I went to look at two bullocks and was to pick two if I liked them ; tho bullocksidid not suit me and 1 did not tako them ; my father was to choose the two cows ; tho bullocks and cows wore to be given in exchango for tho horse. James Houston deposed; I do not remember Mr. Preston selling Mr. Ryan a horse in October last; the first I heard of it wsb that Ryan was summoned for the price of a horso which ho 'had borrowed and lost; Ryan told me of this, and I went to' Preston to try and arrange the matter without taking the case Into court, to prevent cx- ponsos on bqth sides— but there was no agree ment entered into — Preston would tako nothing less than £30, which Ryan refused to give. By Mr. Ocock: It was Btatcd that tho horso was loaned to Ryan. Mr. Ocock remarked that his friend (Mr. Stable) had brought forward on admirable witness for the defence, ondthanked him for doing so. Tho Bench gavo a vordict for £20, and, as both complainant and defondant refused to tako tho excellent advice of Mr. Houston, they would lcavo each of the disputants to pay their own costs. Mauritius. — Great Storm and Loss of Life, — Tho threatening weather of Saturday evening and Sunday morning, with tho gradual tailing of tho barometer, led us to suppose that a cyclone was approaching us. At four o'clock, however, a slight rise of tho barometer, and heavy rain tended to dissipate the fears entertained. But when we saw with satisfaction that tho chances of a hurri cane were diminishing, wo little thought that wo were on the ovo of an inundation moro sudden and. moro terrible in its consequences than has ever been witnessed in this colony. -We regret to have to record the loss of several lives. As for tho property lost, it was very considerable, con sisting principally of goods in stores and shops. Tho nvulcts Pouco- and Tonniers, receiving? tho torrents from tho mountains, swelled beyond mea sure, and the houses and buildings on each sido of them were inundated, in somo instances to such an extent as to endanger tho Hvcb of the inhabi tants of. them. Bridges gavo way, trees were up rooted by the forco of iho rapidly- rising wators ; in the Garden Pitot there were five to six feet of water for somo hours. At tho different docks a considerable quantity of sugar has been damaged, in the Ghaussce, the shops were all inundated, and presont a sad sight from tho stato thoy are in. No lest than twelve corpses have been taken to the Civil Hospital, andthis is only part of tho number of victims of the inundation. Tho Mu nicipal and Bathurst Canals have burst in different places, and the town is exposed to snfforing for some days for tlfo want of drinkable water. The Lstanicrs River overflowed, and tho slaughter house has been damaged. Tho railway has suffered in Boveral parts of the line ; so much so that the trains are obliged to cease running. Tho Contra! station and immediate neighbourhood are in a sad plight. At Grand Rivor several accidents havo to bo deplored. A portion of tho bridge over tho rivulot St. Louis was carried away, and it is said that a whole family has been taken out to sea. We have reserved tho saddest intelligence for tho last. M- L. Autard do Bragard left Mountain Long at between eight and nine o'clock on Sunday evening to return to town, and it appears that, in attempting to pass tho bridge at tho Bixth mile, he disappeared in tho torrent with his carriage and horso, the bridge being broken. All that has yet been discovered to tell the mournful tale is a shaft and cushion of tho carriage. M. L. A. do Bragard was a young engincor who had acquired a reputa tion in his profession in Franco before coming to his native island. His talent was deservedly ap preciated here, and ho loaves numerous nroofs of his supertorcopacity.— Port Louts Gazette, Feb. 14. 