MIISCELLANEOUS. Why was Hamlet so courageous in ad drssing his father's ghost? Because he was not particular to a shade. "Children," said a considerate matron to her assembled progeny, "you may have evcrything you want, but you mustn't want anything you can't have."' A gentleman, relating some extravagant feat in sporting, mentioned that he had shot a score of hares before. breakfast. "'Then you must have been firing at a wig !" exclaimed one of the company. "Oh, dear, .Mr. S., you jest when you say my baby is the handsomest you ever saw; you must be soft soaping. "Well madam," returned the blunt old gentleman. " I think it needs soap of some kind." " Do you smoke, sir?" said a sharper to a country gentleman, with whom he wished ito scrape an acquaintance. Yes," said the other, fixing a cool, steady eye on the sharper, "I smoke any one who has a design upon me." Different WVays of Travelling.-Man :travels to expand his ideas; but woman iJudging from the number of boxes she in variably takes with her-travels only with the object of expanding her dresses. "You say," said the judge to a German who was tried for bigamy, "the clergy man who married you to your first wvife authorised you to take sixteen? 7What do you mean by that " "VeIl, said Hans, " he dold me dat I should have four petter, four vorser, four richer, and four boorer and in our country four dimes four make sixteen." "M r. Smith.," said the counsel, "you say you once officiated in a pulpit--do you mean that you preached ?" " o sir; I held the candle for a man who did.'"--" Ah, the" court understood you differently. rhey supposed that the discourse came from you."--' No', sir, I only throwed a light on it." - Once when speaking in the House, Lord North was interrupted by the barking of a dog which had crept in. He turned ronnd and archly said, " Mr. Speaker, I am in terrupted by a new member." The dog was driven out, but get in again, and recommenced barking,'when Lord North, in is droll way, added, " Spoke once." Dumas was descanting the other day to a fellow litterateur on the beauty of Naples, and disparaging Paris. The Parisian thought that city so dirty that it was im possible to put a foot down anywhere in safety. "But the sky is so pure and ce iestial," said Dumas. "Yes," responded the 4ntagonist, " but why? because it is biyond the reach of the Neapolitans to dkr ?:it." A farmer in a village in Hampshire was invited to attend a party at the Squire's the other evening, when there was music, both vocal and instrnmeut?l. On the following morninmg he met one of the guests, who said, "' Well, farmer, how did you enjoy yourself last night? were not the quar tettes excellent ?'-" Why, really, sir, I can't say," said he, for I didn't taste 'em; but the pork chops were the finest I ever did eat.," "Pray, my lord," said a gentleman to a late respected and rather whimsical judge, " what is the distinction between law and equity courts ?"-" Very little in the end," replied his lordship; " they only differ as far as time is concerned. At common law you are done for at once; in equity you ore not so easily disposed of. The former is a bullet, which is instantaneously and most charmingly effective; the latter is an angler's hook, which plays with its victim before it kills it. The one is prussic acid, the other laudanum." "THE LIGHOT OF OTHER DAYS." Mr. Phillips was the principal baritone at Drury Lane during Malibran'sengagement, when she received the large figure of one hundred guineas a-night. When the M' aid of Artois" was rehearsed :n full for the first time, Malibran was eager to have the air " The Light of Other Days" transposed and put into her part. Balfe, of course, declined, and so dlid Bunn. " Don't tell me," she said, " I shall speak to Phillips; he is very good-natured, and if he knows I prefer it in my part he will let me have it." Phillips, however, though unquestionably good- natured, was too wise to part with a song so valuable: and the lady was so much chagrined that she said she would not play in the opera. She had been announced, however, and there was no escape for her. Malibran was incapable of bearing malice, and, at s:pper at Mr. Balfe's, after the first performance, when MIr. Phillips came to the door, it happened that there was no light in the passage, and she ran to the top of the stairs, exclaiming, " Quick, give me a candle: here's 'The Light of Other Days' coming up in the dark !" AN IaRIS JTrar.-O'Connell used to tell a story about his being engaRged in the defence of a man charged with murder. After a great deal of circumstantial evi tdence in support of the indictment, O'Con nell rose, and said his duty was a very simple one:-he should put the murdered man in the witness-box; and he produced the man alleged to have been murdered. Nevertheless the jury insisted on retiring to consider their verdict, and, after some lapse of time, to the amazement of the conrt, found a verdict of guilty. The judge asked the foreman how they could find so preposterous a verdict when they had seen the man alive with whose murder th# prisoner was charged. " Why, please your lordship," said the foreman, "sure that big villian there stole my mare, and he deserves to be hung, and no mistake." Condolence.-When a rich widower visits a newly-bereaved widow, t~e visit generally makes her forgert the visitation. 