THE OUTCASTS. BY THE AUTHOR OP LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET. CHAPTER XVI. MR. DUNBAR was brought before Sir Arden Westhorpe, at ten o'clock, on the morning after his arrest. The witnesses who had given evidence at the inquest were again summoned, and-with the exception of the verger, and Mr. Dunbar, who was now a prisoner-gave the same evidence, or evidence to the same effect. Arthur Lovell again watched the proceed ings in the interest of Laura's father, and cross- examined some of the witnesses. But very little new evidence was elicited. The empty pocket-book, which had been found a few paces from the body, was pro duced. The rope by which the murdered man had been strangled, was also produced and examined. It was a common rope, rather slender, and about a yard. and a half in length. It was made into a running noose, that had been drawn tightly round the neck of the victim. Had the victim been a strong man, he might perhaps have resisted the attack, and might have prevented his assailant tightening the fatal knot: but the surgeon bore witness that the dead man, though tall and stalwart looking, had not been strong. It was a strange murder, - a bloodless murder: a deed that must have been done by a man of unfaltering resolution and iron nerve: for it must have been the work of a moment, in which the victim's first cry of surprise was stifled ere it was half uttered. The chief witness upon this day was the verger; and it was in consequence of certain remarks dropped by him that Henry Dunbar had been arrested. Upon the afternoon of the inquest this official had found himself a person of consider able importance. He was surrounded by eager gossips, greedy to hear anything he might have to tell upon the subject of the murder; and amongst those who listened to his talk was one of the constables,-a sharp, clear-headed fellow,-who was on the watch for any hint that might point to the secret of Joseph Wilmot's death. The verger, in des cribing the events of the previous afternoon, spake of that one fact which he had omitted to refer to before the coroner. He spoke of the sudden faintness which had come over Mr. Dunbar. "Poor gentleman!" he said, "I don't think I ever see the like of anything as come over him so sudden. He walked along the aisle with his head up, dashing and milling tary-like; but, all in a minute, he reeled as if he'd been dead drunk, and he would have fell, if there hadn't been a bench handy. Down he dropped upon that bench like a stone; and when I turned round to look at him the drops of perspiration was rollin' down his forehead like beads. I never see such a face ih my life; as ghastly-like as if he'd seen a ghost. But he was laughin' and smilin' the next minute; and it was only the heat of the weather, he says." "It's odd as a gentleman that's just come home from India should complain of the heat on such a day as yesterday," said one of the bystanders. This was the substance of the evidence that the verger gave before Sir Arden Westhorpe. This, with the evidence of a boy, who had met the deceased and Henry Dunbar close to the spot where the body was found, was the only evidence against the rich man. To the mind of Sir Arden Westhorpe the agitation displayed by Henry Dunbar in the cathedral was a very strong point; yet, what more possible than that the Anglo-Indian should have been seized with a momentary giddiness? He was not a young man; and though his broad chest, square shoulders, and long, musculararms, betokened strength, that natural vigour might have been impaired by the effects of a warm climate. There were new witnesses upon this day; people who testified to having been in the neighbourhood of the grove, and in the grove itself, upon that fatal afternoon and evening. Other labourers, besides the two Irishmen, had passed beneath the shadow of the trees in the moonlight. Idle pedestrians had strolled through the grove in the still twilight: not one of these had seen Joseph Wilmot, nor had there been heard any cry of anguish; or wild shrieks of terror. One man deposed to having met a rough looking fellow, half-gipsy, half-hawker, in the grove, between seven and eight o'clock. Arthur Lovell questioned this person as to the appearance and manner of the man he had met. But the witness declared that there was nothing peculiar in the man's manner. He had not seemed confused, or excited, or hurried, or frightened. He was a coarse featured, sunburnt, ruffianly-looking fellow; and that was all. Mr. Balderby was examined, and swore to the splendid position which Henry Dun bar occupied as chief of the house in St. Botolph-lane; and then the examination was adjourned, and the prisoner remanded, although Arthur Lovell contended that there was no evidence to justify his deten tion. Mr. Dunbar still protested against any offer of bail: he again declared that he would rather remain in prison than accept his liberty on sufferance, and go out into the world a suspected man. " I will never leave Winchester Gaol," he said, "until I leave it with my character cleared in the eyes of every living creature." He had boon treated with the greatest respect by the prison offloials, and had been provided with comfortable apartments. Arthur Lovell and Mr. Balderby were ad mitted to him- whenever he chose to receive them. Meanwhile every voice in Winchester was loud in indignation against those who had caused the detention of the millionaire. Here was an English gentleman, a man whose wealth was something fabulous, newly returned from India, eager to embrace his only child; and before he had done more than put his foot on his native soil he was seized upon by obstinate and pig-headed officials, and thrown into a prison. Arthur Lovell worked nobly in the service of Laura's father. He did not particularly like the man, though he wished to like him; but he believed him to be innocent of the dreadful crime imputed to him, and he was determined to make that innocence clear to the eyes of other people. For this purpose he urged on the police upon the track of the strange man, the rough looking hawker, who had been seen in the grove on the day of the murder. He himself left Winchester upon another errand. He went away with the determina tion of discovering the sick man, Sampson Wilmot. The old clerk's evidence might be most important in such a case as this; as he would perhaps be able to throw much light upon the antecedents and associations of the dead man. The young lawyer travelled along the line, stopping at every station. At Basingstoke he was informed that an old man, travelling with his brother, had been taken ill; and that he had since died. An inquest had been held upon his remains some days before, and he had been buried by the parish. It was upon the 21st of August that Arthur Lovell visited Basingstoke. The people at the village inn told him that the old man had died at two o'clock upon the morning of the 17th, only a few hours after his brother's desertion of him., He had never spoken after the final stroke of paralysis. There was nothing to be learned here, therefore. Death had closed the lips of this witness. But even if Sampson Wilmot had lived to speak, what could he have told? The dead man's antecedents could have thrown little light upon the way in which he had met his death. It was a common murder, after all; a murder that had been done for the sake of the victim's little property; a silver watch, perhaps; a few sovereigns; a coat, waistcoat, and shirt. The only evidence that tended in the least to implicate Henry Dunbar was the fact that he had been the last person seen in company with the dead man, and the discrepancy be tween his assertion and that of the verger respecting the time during which he had been absent from the cathedral yard. No magistrate in his senses would commit the Anglo-Indian for trial upon such evidence as this. CHAPTER XVII. While these things were taking place at Winchester, Margaret waited for the coming of her father. She waited until her .heart grew sick, but still she did not despair of his return. He had promised to come back to her by ten o'clock upon the evening of the 16th; but he was not a man who always kept his promises. He had often left her in the same manner, and had stayed away for days and weeks together. There was nothing extraordinary, therefore, in his absence; and if the girl's heart grew sick, it was not through fear that he would not return to her; but with the thought of what dishonest work he might be engaged in during his absence. She knew now that he led a dishonest life. His own lips had told her the cruel truth. She would no. longer be able to defend him when people spoke against him. Henceforth she must only plead for him. The poor girl had been proud of her father, reprobate though he was; she had been proud of his gentlemanly bearing, his cleverness, his air of superiority over other men of his station; and the thoughtof his acknowledged guilt stung her to the heart. She pitied him, and she tried to make excuses for him in her own mind: and with every thought of the penniless reprobate there was intermingled the wrong that had been done him by Henry Dunbar. "If my father'is guilty, that man is answerable for his guilt," she thought per. petually. Meanwhile she waited, heaven only knows how anxiously, for her father's coming. A week passed, and another week began, and still he did not come; but she was not alarmed for his personal safety, she was only anxious about him; and she expected his return every day, every hour. But he did not come. The rich silken dresses still made spots of lustrous colour in Margaret's quiet room. She worked indefatigably, and hoarded her savings, counting them every day, for they would enable her to support her father when he returned; and so long as he existed upon her industry he lived honestly at any rate. The girl was clever with her needle, as in everything-for she had her father's strong intellect and vivid powers of perception. She was able, therefore, to get plenty of work, and was very decently paid for her labour. Upon the 27th of August, Margaret took home a handsome dress to a lady at Clapham, a widow lady, called Austin, the mother of that very Clement Austin who was cashier in the house of Dunbar, Dunbar, and Balder by. Of course Margaret knew nothing of the connexion which existed between this lady's son and the house of Dunbar. She only knew Mrs. Austin as a customer, a kind and liberal patroness, for whom it was a pleasure to labour. She had met Clement Austin at his mother's house, and the young man had admired the dressmaker's beautiful face. He had met her, and had bowed to her with as much respect as he would have shown to a duchess; but no word of greeting had ever been uttered between them. Upon the 27th of August, Clement Austin happened to be seated in his mother's plea sant drawing-room, when the dressmaker was ushered into the presence of her patroness. A good deal was said about the dress; and then Margaret received her money; but it was Mrs. Austin's habit to enjoy a little gossip with the girl, whose ladylike and gentle manners had very favourably impressed her employer, "I havie 'got another customer for! you, iiss Wentworth," Mlrs. Austin said " and I .sope' to get many, more., Youl are such 'a clever girl that you ought to be encouralgel, though I real]y tthink it's.a shame that -yn should, waste your talents upon dressmailirg." Clement Austin looked up with a smile at the inileo, pensive -face of the dhessniakoei. T'e!girl looked like one of Raphael' I mndon . ; i pin the sooft lightw of tbo shaded lnnmp; SSheseemed lmhnost too :beeaitiful for ..oerth certainlyin much too beautiful for a life of Stoil and dili?igery.., IHei loveliness was the very opposite of Laura Diinbar's. Tihe young heiross's briglit 'enaiit. wasn:like a burnst of" June sunshine. s:rgaret',sfaice had the mournfuil coldness of ',a spring moonlight., It was like the foceof a woman Iorli to sorro;. while Laura seoemed a heingreteaod.only3 lhil joy.), S " By-tlij , Miss. Wentwortlh," exolni;led Mirs. Austin,afier, talking about all stirt of things'; ' 1 sippose . you've heard about tlhiu dreadful lnurdier that ismaking such ita ensa tion? " "oA dreclfulil murder--no, ma'am ; I rarely hier anytliingi of tlut. kind, for the erson i'wlith wwhdmi.I ,lodge is old and deaf. She ::'troubles Iciself., very, little, about what' is going on im the world; and I am too busy to strouble mysielf. '7':, Inde!id, siiil Mrr Austin ; ' well,:niy: d ienryoi really surppise men. .I thought this dreadful businesshlad made such a sensation, S on account of "the great Mirh. Dunbar being Mi D '. ci:ed Mi:rgaret, looking Iatbth speaker with wild, dilatedt eyesi: r'.. 'Yes,"` , y dear, Mr. Dunbar,, the, riohel taner,. ' ,have been, .very muclh interesied in theo; tter, because my son is employed.in S r,"Du nblia bhnk.l , It seems thinatan old ~ eervant,;a confidential valet of Mri. Dunbairs, S'"hri" een murdeied it Winchester; tind at first Mrir. Dunbam limiself was suspected of thq crime; though, of courise., that was. utterly ridiculoius; for what motiveocould lie possilbly hsave 'had for inimrdering isis old 'servant. However, hle has been suspected, aud. someine ' stilpid omountry mngistrate nctially h.lid him arrested. There s, ae n examination about.a w eek ago, vhii'cli wis adjouried iunitil .to-day. We shan't know the result of it till to-mor 'Miargaret siiat listening to the vords, with a ( 'faic thatw a was eq white as the iece of the dead. ' lenient Austini saw the fearfill change thatI h'"bad'come over her countenance.. SM:' otlier,' lie diid " you should not talk of these things before Miss .Wentworth, you ha lve iedeher liol.iquite ill. 'Remember she niiy 't be so strong-minded is you pre."' no !'.gaspd MlI rgaSret, in a chloking voice. "I-i wili to hear of this. l'Tell me'."in rs. Austin, what was the namde of the murdered minn ?": ", Joejilh Wiliot ! " Josiepsh Wilmot I!" iejeaited. Mairgaret, . slowly ; shei tihad alway kiioivi lierf atiher, by the name of James Wentworth';" bui whatwh more likely than thiat Wilmot was his real. name. Slle'haiul good reiison to suspect that Wentworth was a false one. " t'll lend yoti ia newsaper," Mrs '.Austin? 'said, good-nituredly, "if you really want. to : learn the particulars of this murder." "c I do, if you please." ,,1 Mrs. Atustin "took a' weekly paper. fi'om amongst somee others that were scattered upon a 'side-table:. She folded up "this paper and .: handed-it to Margaret. "Give Miss Wentwortlh a glass of wine, :mother," exclaimed Clement' Austiri; " I'm sure all this talk about the murder lies upset ; her." " No, no, indeed !" Margaret answered; "I would rather not take anything. I want 'to get home quickly. Good evening, Mrs. .Austini." She hurried from the room before :the widow could iemonstrate with her;, but Clement followed her into the hall. " Miss Wentworth," he said, "I know that something has agitated you.. Pray return to the drawing-room, and stop with us until.you are more composed." " No--no-no I" ," Let me see you home, then ?". "' Oh.! no ! no I" she cried, as, thes.young! man barred her passage at the door; " for pity's sake don't detain me,;" Mi. Austin, don't follow melo! .-:' .,',.I? She pa'sed him by, and hurried out of the; house. He watched her disappear in the S,,twilight'; and then went back to the drawing room, sighing heavily as he went. O"I have no right to follow her against her own wish," he said to himself... "I have, no, right to interfere with her; or to think of her .. for the matter of that." He threw himself into a chair and took up a newspaper: but he did not read .half: a 'dozen lines. He sat with his eyes fixed upon ;,.:. the.page before him, thinking deeply;. r "Poor girl!" he said to -: himself, presently; " poor, lonely girl. She' is top ,, pure and beautiful for :the hard struggles of this world." r Margaret Wentworth walked rapidly along the road that led her back to Wandsworth. She held the folded newspaper clutched tightly against her breast.. It was tlie death warrant, perhaps. She never paused or -' slackened her pace until she' reached the narrow lane leading down to the water. She opened the door of the cottage-there was no need of bolts or locks in such a place as this-and went up to her own little sitting room; the room in which her father had: told her the secret of his life; the room in which she had sworn to remember the name of Henry Dunbar. - : e struck a lucifer, lighted her candle, n,: anpat down with the newspaper in her hand. She unfolded it, and with eager, dilating eyes, :examined the pages. She was not long finding what she wanted. The Winchester Murder.-Latest Particulars. Margaret Wentworth read that horrible "story. She read the newspaper record of the 'cruel deed that had been done-twice °"slowly and deliberately. Her eves were tearless, and there was a desperate courage at her heart, "I swore to remember the name of Henry Dunbar," she said, in a low, sombre voice; "I have good reason to remember it now." . From the first time she had no doubt in her mind-from the very first she had one idea, and that idea was a conviction. Her father had been murdered by his old master. The man, Joseph Wilmot, was her father; the murderer was Henry Dunbar. The newspaper record told how the murdered man ad;, according to his own accouint, hatlhis brother iat, the Waterloo station lilon theo tifterhoon of the 1?0th of Aingi T. T'lit wvas$ the very afternoon upon which Jlmqn's"oWeiii worth had left hisdeinglhter to go toý Lo'don by rail. He hoi'd met his old master, the inaln vbio had so bitterly injured him;in tlihe dcold-hited icomidrel who hod :so cruelly' betrayed lim. He had been violent, pIhliilps, anid had:threat nncdl THenry D)ibi, bnild lhnn--flion the riich tnan, treacherous and cold-helirted in his ,no is in his youth, hedi Iheriloil' his olhl, valet by a prtenicded fiiendlhip, 'lia hired htin imios a lonely place, and hald tlherie iurdril1 'et1 l ;h in order tu thatthe wihkd c screOts of the past might.he buried Witli his victi:tim.,; .As to the' iobbery of:tlh i clotlhs the riflin, of the pocket-book-tit, of course,,vn was only a part of lTeiiry Dei-lia s:lodep.hlidl sch? me: The girl folded thl.peppr and put it in her breast.' It ;whsOi :streingo document to lie, against that virginal' osoni :iiild'the breast beneath it ached with a sick, cold pain, that was like thelpain' of death. -,l 3nrarrt!toolk uip lers cridla?'andd went into a little room. at the bhack of the ltiisec, the room in which beit father :had; alwns s 'slept when Ihe stayed'in that house.: . There ..was ann old hbox, a': batteredl and dilnpidated hair tirnk,l with a wyaori hiolie knotted abonlt it. The girl': knelt diiowvn belore the box andt put lier- cndle' on a: chair: beside:it. ,: Then' with her slender fingers,she; tried'to unfasten the knots that secured the cord. .This. task was not an easy one, andti lier fingers ached before she hdd 'done. But she succeeded at last, and lifted the lid;'of`bthe trunk.;,, ' . :There were wornn and shiibby` garments, tumbled anil .dusty, that hrid 'been thliown pell-mell into the box; .:theie :wereublokesi •m*eerschaum:pipes, old :newspapersa pale witli .age, :and withl. passeges timarked with: thick strokes in fHded:mnk, .A faintieffluvium that arose from the mass of dilpidated,:ribbislih, the weeds which the great oceian. T'imo etists upon the- slore of. the present,s testified to tlie neighbourhoeod. f imicei and :sctterd:anlbatut the :bttom of the box, amongest:looser slRhids of tobacco, lroken lumps of petiified cavendish, and 'scrapls of plper, there; weie a few.lhtteis:. Mairgaret gathered :togethel these Iletters,, and examined them. Three of, them, ;very old,. failed, and flabby,. were "directed to "Joseph Wilmnt, careo.ofl the Governor of Norfolkl.Tsland," in a prim, clerk-like hand. SItw:was an' ominous .:addres:s Milargaret Wentwuorthl bowed lher. head rupon' her: knees and sobbed aloud. " He has, hesenvery wicked;'and: had need oqf hlong life of penitence," she thought; h'but lhe has. ben' murdered by Henry Duinbar." i l'liroe was -no sheadotof doubt noiv in, hel mind. She habud in her owi hand thle cn-o elusive proof of theiidentity betweeti Joseph Wilmot and. lire fitther, indtl:to her 'this senamoe quite enougih to .Iprove that :HIenry ,Dunhart was ,the niturderor of his old servant. IIo' had, injured the. man, and it: ws :in' the man's power to do ; him injury.; EI Ihad resolved, therefore, to get: rid of, this old accomplice, ,this dangerous. witness, of the past. . . . ..his ,was how.Mlargaret reasoned.:?That the crime couimitted inthe: quiet,grbve near .St. Crass wa.s n everyday, deed,, don for ithe most ,ipitif'l ianld sordid, motives . thait can teirmpt a man to shed his brother's hlood, nevel for ,.n moment entered into heri'thouglhts Other.people mig'ht,thiuk this, in their igo'-' renle of thel.story of thlepast. . At dayblieak:tlhnnext, nr t rning she lift' thei cottage in the lane:by (the river, after givingl a very brief:explnnati6n iof her departure tob the old woman with\ whom she! lodged., She took the'first.train to Winchester; and reaholed i the .train two hours; before rioon.. She had her .whole: stock. of money with: heir,' ibit' nothing else. Her; own ",wants, her own necessities, bad -no" place in eher, thoughts. Her errand was afearful one, for she ivent to tell so muoh,as she knfew of the' story of the past, and to bear withiess against' Henry .Dunbar . . i'hbn railway offcial to whom she addressed herself at the Winclhester station :treated her wiith civility and good nature. '"lihei pailh beauty of her, pensive facet won .herfrienii' wherever she went, . It is very hard iupng pug- nosed merit and red-haired virtuethait ik Grecian .profile, 'or ·raven tresies, should Ie such an excellent letter 'of introductioni7 but' tlnhappily, humain nature is weak'; and while beautys appeals, straight to the eyes of the frivolous, merit requires tobe appreciatedg4 by the wisvi.. i " if the e isnthintig I',oan ,dofor you;, miiss;,' the, railiviay: official said, 'politely, I shall be very.happy, I'm sure-;-1. ': i' I a?m?t to know about ;the :murder,"; t' e girl answered, ,in a .low,, trsmulouts voice, " thelmurderthat?ans committedr ,'' , ;' " Yes, miss, to 'lie ci.?.sre. verybeoyi in ,Winchester is talking about it;. a most mysi terious :evont itt, cried the oficial birigltelling'" sddenly, you aiin't a witngss,: miss, atio omln Xii doiit tiknow anythling iboist- oh?" .e :'.". .: 'ie was quite excited at the bate ideathiat this pretty .girl lhadi something to shy, about, lthe murder, and.idthat lic t milit hay , they pit'i vilee of introdinicti hier to his fellow citizens. To know';' anybody Who knoiw any'thinUg aboit Jio~eilh Wilnot's muarder,, ras, to occupy~ n ,post.of,some distintiction in Winchester jiut' non. . " e' Pl," ? Margaret said;' t I .waint to give evidonce against lHoar! Dunbarr'.' : ' ,a'he railway official started, and ,stared aolhas. " Evidence against. Mr. .Dunhar, miss " he said ; " why MIr. IHenry;i Dibar was dins missed from custody, obly 3.yesteids·a..after: noon, and is goting?up to.town. by theexpress' this night,' and everybhody in,, Winclhester is full of the shamefill Way in whichlihehas beeni treated! Why,. as fat' has that goes, there was no more ground for suspecting Mr. Ddn. bar-not that has come out yet, at any rate' -than there is for suspecting me!" : And the porter snapped his finger contemptuously. " But if you know anything against .Mr. Dunbur, why, of course, that alters the case;' and it's yer bounden dooty, miss, to go .beI fore the magistrate directly this minute and make yer statement." The porter could hardly refrain from smacking his lips with an air of relish as he said this. Distinction had come to him un sought. "s Wait a minute, miss," he said; ". Ill go and ask lief to take you round to the magis-, trate's. You'll never find your way by your self.: The next up isn't till 12,7-I cat be spared." Telioporter ran kvas ppdseetf&1 linislf to a higher oflicial, told hlisstory, hnd `obtained a. b)rif leioe of tb.endo. -';Then hoe roturned to Mat rgrot " " Tl-ow, "iitiiqs ho naid.il :,'i.i o 'll: come ailong with mte, I'll 'take' 'oiu to Sir ;Arden WXVsthorpo's honie. ' Sir Arden is the gentle itmn flint lisne taken iso; intich trouble with this caeo, On hlie way through the bIok streoets of the ,cltit. cit, y, ihel porter twoufld fain have ex tradoetid foinm Manrgaret aUll that. she hid to tell. B ')t trl girl would revoal notlhing; she onlyj seid thint shi wanted to :qqat witness. ainst Ieonr) Da.nhnr - .. . I lo T )porter, upon ,th otioerh.ilnd;i'wos Iviery communicative. Io told his companion what haid happn enedtat the adjourned examination. '' Their won.. a deal of: (ipplausn iri.the court ien Mr. Dunbnr was.told he might'coinsider hiinielf free," snid the pbrtar; "but SirArdon clickod it; there ws no neeil. for clapping- of Innds, .he ny,won; forin nything buit sorrowv thbt sncli n: wicked *deed lrid been dlono, nnd that thelo.crtel: wretch hs d(lid it -shoiild scanpe. AA.young,,manns woR in thbeocourti told mo thnt them wna:Sir Ardon's exact' wrds."' . They hnad;,reached 'Sir Arden' ho'nse-byv Illis - time. :It wnas: a very hindsorme house, *thoughlit stood in:ii bnck street ;nand n grave mnn-airvrin inin a linriel jacket, n'dmitted Mar garet into the oak nnnelled lhall. i:s he.might hanve; lad' iini' difficdilty, per hnapM, in seeing Sir Ardo;h 6 :nriit6 the porter imnibdiately declniared heoi' buiina.' B3ut the .name of thi mndflrderd'inari' wans talismnn; nnd she wnas ihi'i'nd t onco into na low room, iwhich wns lined witlfobbok-slieelve.i,' and opened into an old- fashioied griiiden. I. Hore SiriArden Westhorp;dtheainigistbts, sat-tit'nitlle writi . n g. TH ws' a1h. elderly mnh, withlgrayhliir nnd whliiles, ind with rather i'sternexpression of countenance. Biit lie wn;aigood ind anjust man; nnd ithogl Henry Dnnbnr had been the, emperor of half iEurope, instead of i. wealtly.. banker, Sir Airden woutild have, committed him for trial hliidho'seen pjst cnause foiso ldoing. .ignretwasin .no wise..ahbnelledj by the presence of tie;magisttrate; Shelhad but one thiougit, i. her, minpd,.the, tlehought: of lhemr 'fiitblac'wrongs; .and she .could have spolken fresl i itle pmpresence of, a king.: S"hope.T.am not too late,ai',",she' said "I hr pith:at;MIr. D inlIri hmns been dischnrged from cistody. I hope I am not' too late to bear witoess amainst hini." ; ;The magistrate looked up with- an oepres si8n10 ouiirpriae.: ;. "Tllit will depend upon circimstnncea,' ho salid; ";i ta that-istor say, upon the nature of theo itatemnnt whichlyou may have to nimaklie , The 'lmnistrate summinonedl hisa.dlelrkfironr an andjoining roon, and then:: took tdown tlhR girl'A informntibn. %Bnt lie silook -his.hoad dubtfiully when MIargifret had told limi all that solie had to tell; That which to the imnpulsive gii ' seiemed; probi 'positivn.' of :' onry Dimnbar',a' gpuilt, waa very little whien'iAritten iitlvn iin., n Ijhinsins . like;lutanlieIr by 'Sii Arden Weathldrpeas cler1c. ' "You know your inliappy fiathbi': to Iihave been injired *by Mr. Dl)unbiir, .nrid you; think: that he may have been in the pose'asinouof ecroets ofiw dainiie g nature toi tlit 'gentle. man ; but you'* do n.riot know;i wat 'thoseo eBorete werio. I My por'gi gl,.1I cnnrnot' poisibly!i miovoe in this biiuiineass np<m.i such evidened ias thihs.'Thu' jiolicei1':e nat woik.'TIisniattei" wVill not be aillo.wed to iis0 off o withoiut the clooesetirivetigaition, believe' -mc .'.I 'ihall take parna to have your stltement placedn in thel haiids of'tlie detective' offieir'who is entrusted with thei coigludit"of this 'afnlaii'. ,Ve. muiist wait;'we must'iwait' Icannot I ng. myself to believe that.Henry Dtinbr ha liesbeen guilty of this fenrful oiime`. '1i e s5 iich ernonhi to ha?e? bsilied youdr fatheirto keep silence, if he lied ainj reson to sfear what he might say. Mioneyis a vetly powerful agent, and cao boy almoet, op thing. It is rarely tiat a man, with almost iiinlimited iealth it his coimand, finlds himself ;oinpelled' t ?co'mm itian nact of ' Tliiidigiitrit"e eead iloud '?isig.et Wil mot's depouition, and the giIl eined it in the pesence' of the lerk she s 'ned it with hei ilithiser's ieil nhii' 7d ioti me ,si2 'tlh i k il l never written before ithat daIy. Then aliavi given the maitiato the iiadres of bet Wanidswroitl lodi sff he as bhde hain good inoriniu,,.ahi went ou?tinto the tin. fmiiiiiliti street ' . Nothin that Si? Arideu eslioorpe had said had its an` ivay sreasoned hAr iqooted cono viction o? Heni D.unAi'si, uýlt She stiill: •beli veithat e.e w. the mtuderer of her father i it '?She walked for. some' distance withput knowlý wtvheree went, then suddenly? shbs itojpped ;: heir face flushedher ees gi'e bright, andh an ominous smile litqup hot countenance. r \- "I il w o to,'oeto Hey Duibair;,ees hieasdi to hers'elf, since the;lavw will nohihelp me; :I ;will "o to my faither ,murderer.. 'Surely lhe will ti??mbhlvlien :he knows that, his' victim, cleft; a ?dRiighter w.ho. ,will 'neither. :,est" iigiht U!i do.unntil she sees justicesdone, : . SSur Aiddn ;hadmenitioned the lihtolint which :HenlryI DimblhrI;was! estaying,;iso Mi?a?garet asked the first 'ipsser-by to .ditebt herto th.il: r.Sho`found a ivaiter lournging ini the dor'd way of dteho tel: ' ' . '' ::I.want to see'Mri.Dnnbar, ?she'said.i f?,nThe waitei,'looked'at hei with: coi'siderable s u r p r is es .. i ", ?'. ' .' r , ! ,? ' , a n , ' 'I idon't think it's'likely that ?Mir' Diunbar will'sees?ybuo miss,"he said'i "but I'll take your nanie up if you wiish it. " ' "Iliall hie mintch i lii"ed if youdwill'do'so.p : cethiiinl'iniss ' fyiii'll: 'please"'b sit down in the h'all,I'll go 'to 'Mi 'Dunbha :iuimediately ý Your name "is-" ':" - • naMy nt iearnifi g iaret \Wilm.iot The waiter stariitd' as if he hia ?'dbeai lshot.' ''! Wilmot! ": he eiolaimed '" any relation " namni the daughter of Joseph Wilmot," inswered Margaret, quietly. "You can tell Mr. Dunbar so, it you please." .t'iYe)s, riiss, I w!ill, miss. Bless ny soul! Yodtui.ight 'really knook me doiwn with ia feathe, 'miniss. :!Mr.'. Dunbar .can't possibly refuse to sesdyou, I should think, miss;". The iwaiiter went tip stairs, looking back at Margaret as he went. He seemed to think that the datighter of the murdered man ought to he, in some way or other, different from other young women. CHAPTER'XVIII. Mr Dunbar was sitting in a luxurious easy. chair, with 'a.. newepanetlviao...ncr.os. J.qi * M.~. iIi~.' kinee. Mr. Balderby had returned to London I upon the previonus evening, but Arthur Lovell d still remained with the Anglo-Indian. r IIonry Dunbnar was a good deal the worose for the' close confinement which he lihad r suffored since his arrival in the cathedral a city. Everybody who looked at him saw the change which the last ten days had made in a his appearance. He was very pale; there I were .dark purple rings about his eyes; the I1 eyes themselves were unnaturally bright; and.the mnouth, that tell-tale feature, over I whose expression no man has perfect control, betrayed that lie had suffered. I .Arthur, Lovoll had been indefatigable in I the, service of his client; not from any love towards- the man, but always influenced I more or less by the reflection that Henry 3 Dunbar was Laura's father; and that to I serve Henry Dunbar was in some manner to serve the.woman lie loved. 'Mr. Dunbar. had only been dischargedt : from cuistody 'upon the previous evening, after a long and wearisome examination andt' cross-examination of the witnesses lwho had kiven evidence at the coroner'4s inquest, and that -additional testimony 'upon'whliich i the magistrate lhand issued his. warrant. He hadn'd slept: till late, and had oriy just' finishd breakfast, 'w hen eli waiter entered' with, Margaret's message. , . S" A yong' person wishes to see/you, sir!" bhe said respectfully. , A 'you niperson, exclaiinmed Mr. 'Diunbar,' impatiently;: "I can' t see any young per son. Whait should any 'yqung peon want with me?'" "She wanits to seeo you partitcularly, 81si; sie says hi"er name is Wilmnot- Margaret Wilinot' iind ' that, she :'is .thes daunghter of e'ickly pallor of Mr D.. nbar's face clianged to an awful livid ue. end Arthur Lovll 'looking at his., client at this moment, saw th'e'change.':.'.' ' ..,.'^; ;. . . ; ..; *. , It was tlie' first timehe had seen :nny evi ldence f fear either in the, face or manner of Henry D'unbar' .' S will nt.. see er, exclaimed Mir. I'Dinhbari I .noer heard Wilmot speak of any ldaughter'.T hia woman,, some impu .dent .impostor, vvwho.wantt to.extort money out .of me. l. will. not :see her;: let herbes seont'bout heri business." . The .wanitel hesitated. .: . 'Sheisa very ,respectablefl-ooking. person, sir,"' hut said; "she; doesn't, look -anything like an impostor.". : . ,-"*Perhaps iiot'!1" answered'Mr. Duribar, htily;; ";but she is an impostoir fo all that"! Joseph Wilmoi 'had no daughiiigter, toý my knowledge. fePray do6 riot let me be;dise' tirbedliboutb s' this busineess. I' have siffiered quite, enougli alreridy on account t ohis'iman's dentb;'i i He- sank back, in 'his :icha ii nd tbok 'i'iup is riewvpaper as' ihe finisbhid spjenking.g His ftco was conipletely hidden' ihid thie nws pnpeps i .' "Slall' I 'go and speak to this girs i ?" a'ked 'Arthur 'Lovell' : . · SOn' naccount!' iThe gir i' an impostor. Lot her-tbe tent aboFt her busi ess " 'T'*ibhe waiter left th'e-d. . ro.:a "Pardbn me 'MrDunba ai, the ouig 'la, or,'" b t .if you vill.allow me to nimke a 'i'ggestin,; !is, youtrlegal adyiser. i this busi-, riss, I'.oWbld' retlly recopmmend you to see .thisgirl "...' ". .Becaiuse'the people .i a place like this arti notorious 'gossips and scandal-mopgers.- :If you. refiist t se this person, swho, at any rate, calls lieiself Joseph Wilmot's daughlter, they m may say-,-..'- 1 ':'mThey' may';say what?: .,asked.- Henry, T"'h·ey. may, 'saythat it istbecause you have some special reason for,not seeing her."' "Indeed;' Mr., Lovell,: theni amn to put myselfooitr of' the w'ay -after ibeing fagged and harassed to death already about: this business-and am- to see every adventiress who choosesto trade u'pon the :niine. of the murderedmanu, in brder to stop -the *mouths of the goodipeople' dfiWinohester. :I-ibeg to' tell you,-my, dear sii, that I'am iitterly indif erient tqo anytliingothat may oe:'saidof're; arid that:I shalli onlystudy myown ease anod coir fort. -.'If .anyone lholosaes to .think':that 'HenryqDunbar 'uis the- murderer oftlhi' old' servant, thoyplire welcomteto their opihion; 'I ;*ilbll nottr'ouhle' njayelfio set thliem riglt." '' ?IT'heiwaiiei', ie-enitered ';the rood i as''.r. lDunbar'ifinliedpekiiiak ig : "'TTi g persionsaysthat she must see yo' the s eman??ai? ;i She' sayys that if yoiipefse' to? ?ea l r,i ,h'e'vill wait at the door of'thiI iquse until you leave it My iaster'has spoken toi her, ei, but its no use;: shehs the nost determined young woman I ever saw, SiDtDninis face yess still hidde ,by the newspaper. 'h ere was a little pause hbefore h reished: ld otert go and see this person.. eon can find iit if she is really related to thigsun iappy man.., Heie is ,myipurse. You can lt hetiJave any money you think proper, if ?e' appears to bie distressed Wilmot was veory well, dressed when he met me, and liad alt~oether. ."the air of a prosperous man,; hut he~ may'?.av'e got himself up for the occasion.. You had better see this young woman. :Arthur,Lovell took the millionaire's purse and.went. lown stairs with the waiter. He founduMargiaret sitting in the hall. There .,vasno impatience, no violence insher manner; hbut thereiwas a steady, fixed,'resolute look: in ler. white face;.. The young lawyer'felt tlat this girl would not be' easily put off by any denial of Mir. Dunbar. He usiheed Margaret into a private sitting room leading oticof the hall, and'then closed the :door behind him". The 'disappointed waiter Jlingeied tipon 'the'door .mat ; but the George is a.well-built house, and that 'waiter liiigered in vain. " You want to see Mr. D'unliar ?" hesaid. "Yes, sir I "' "He is very hUoli :fatigued by yesterday's business, and'he declines to see you. What is yoiir motive :for being so eager to see him?'' " "I will tell. that'io Mr. Dunbar himself." "You: are really the daughter of Joseph Wilmot? ' Mr. Dunbar seems to doubt the fact of his' having' had a daughter." "Perhaps so. Mr. Dunbar may have been unaware of my existence until this moment. I did not know until last night what had happened." She stopped for a moment,' choked by an hysteric sob, which she could ..not.ran. a l .laua-t.n .r n r, ni:nybG, !,p'p;nna her self-control, and continued, slowly and deliberately, looking earnestly in the young mnan's face with her clear brown eyes, " I did not know until last night that my father's mime was Wilmot; hle had called himself-by a false name-but last night, after hearing of f the - the - murder "- the horrible word seemed to stifle her, but she still went bravely on-" I searched. a box of my father's, and found this.' .: She took out'theletter directed to Norfolk Island, and handed it,to the lawyer. -Read it,'" !she said, "you will see then how y? y fatherbhad been wronged by Henry Dunbar.':;. Arthur Lovll:unfolded the worn and faded letter. It had 'been written five-and-twenty years before by 'Sampson Wilmot. Margaret pointed to one passage upon the second page ofthe.letter. SYour bitterness' against ?lenry Dunbar is - very painful to me, my dear Joseph; pyet'I eannot but.feel -that yeir hatred against my employer's sona is' only. n'atural." I kn'ov thait lie was the first cause of" your ruin, and that, bult for him yealr lot ini.life' iight have bee- very different.' 'Try to' f.r gN'ii?;oi;' try' 'to forget him, even if you cannot forgive: ;Do -hot talk of revenge. ..Tho,,revelation .of'that ecret wvhich you hold rspesting the ..forged; bills would bring di grace not only upon him, buti spon:his fattiher u and. his 'uncle: They are -btfgooes and honourablo ?mn ;" and I think that shinme woh'd kill them.. Remember this, anl keep 'the secret of that painful story.." Arthur Lovell's face grew terribly grave as heredad these lines. He had :heardthe story of tlhe forgery hinted at, but he bhad: never heard itedetails. . He had looked upon it as a cruel scandal, which had perhapsariseri out of some trifling err or; some unpaid debt of honour; some foolish gambling transaction in the early youth of Henry Dunbanr. ;,But here, in the handwriting of the dead clerk, here was the evidence of that old' sory: Those few lilies in Sampson Wilmot's letter suggested a.inotive. ,, The young 'lawyer' dropped into a "chair, and sat for a few minutes silently poring .over, the .clerk's, letter. Hie did not like Henry Dounbar:' His generous young 'heart; whioli had yearned towards Laura's' fathiber had sunk: in his breast ivith a dull, chill. feeling of dis appointinent'nt his first meetibg ivith the rich man. Still, after carefully; sifting the evidence of the coroneir's inquest, he had.come t'd the con-i clhision that Henry Dunbar was 'innocent of Josepih :Winiot's death. :. He had: deliierately weighed ever? scrap of' evidence"againsti the A~igolIndian; and' had ' delibeat'ely? arrived at"this cdnclsision. But now0 ie looked at eveything. in alnew light: The cleik's leti~r suiggested a mnotive, porhap 'aii'ailequate motive. The twdo men had gone"dowvn together'into ihat, silent grotve; the s~rv?int had threatened l.his patron, tlihey had ijarrlled ; and ' SNo6, the' muirdei could scarcely ihave hap ppened in : this way" The assassin.,hadl been ardmed with the cruel rope, and hiad crept st~altiil. : 'behiid his victim., It was not a common murde: the rope and, theslip knot, tilemsilacheiotisriunning noose, hinted darkly at Oi;ientl experiences somethiing;,in !this fishio? iinight a murderous Thug have assailed his unconscious victim. lBut.then, on.the other hand, there wasione circumstance -,that always remained in Henr'y. Dunbai'.s.favouir,-that citcumstance was the robe?ey, of the dead, man's clothes., rplio AngloeIndian might.veiy iwell have rifled~the pocketboodk, and left it empty upon, the' scenie f" the murder, inf oider to throw tlhe 'fficei?of joustice uipon a wrong scent.; ,That' would have beenr only the .woirk;of . aetyw moments..'. Biit was it jirobable, was .it ,even possible, that the' murderer ?would..liave lingered, in. .iroid "daylight, 'vih, everyr .chance against .hiti; long e~pugh to strip off the garments of his viotim,,in order still more effectually to bhoodwink,suspicion?.. Was.it not a great leal 'more likely,. that Joseph. Wilmot. had speittthe, nfternoon' drinking in the taprdom of some; roadside public-house, and had ram led',back .into the grove: after ,dark,; to medt hisdeath at theo hands of. some every-day .assassin, bent only upon plunder? All these thoughts passed' through Arthur Lovell's mind as he sat with Sampsbn's fanded letter .in bis; hands.: Mlargaret `;Wilmot, watched him with eager??lsorutinisin, eyes! Sheisaw doubt, perplexitys, ,horor, indecision, (all: struggling i his handsome fce.fc i.B, But the. lawyeifeltithat it wass his duty to act,:;hind act in, the ,interests. of: his client' whatever :hideous doubts 'siight arise' iii ;hit :own tireast v.. Notbh ingbut his :onviction of HenrvDBuinbuit's. tuilt could iustifvhimi in *desertingp his client. ' He'ivas 'not cbriiced.' He was only hborroiistricken by the first' iis pei of'doubti a'i" Mrl'iDunbar decliniesto see you," hesaiild -toMaigargaet ;" and IT do iotr molly see'what good:doiild possibly arise' oit of an interview' between-yrou;' 'Inthe meadiitimeify'ou aire in riy way ldisitriessed, and you must' most'likely 'eed'assistiti ce at such a. time' as this, e, is qUiit rlbeadkift'help you." "'!HeopenediHernry DDunber's pusa ila e spbk'lhbhii'flie'girl rose an lookIded .atimr witlhicy'ndisdiaini liei; fixed'i Wlite face. ; , "I \voiIld sosmner crawl froml doord todoor tlis crnel woild I would sooner die the '*slow death of ti'':a rto'inthenii woult, accept until he cofmeri aek toi me.o I will it' i' untidr own den power, on eart will weinuce backto his a sixpencet, an foldm' hat ian girl said . '"nYo'u"now ,w'y not.,,,I. an. see .that knowledge, in, Tyour face TellMrDnbar .that I willnb wait at'.tlknge door d dof n thehouse until hebome's" out, to'speak to. me. I will wait until' I dropdown dead.; 'A~rthur .Lovell went back to his client, and. told him what the girl said., um Donbar was walking up and down the room, with .his head bent moodily upon his breast.; " By heavens! " he oried, angrily; " I will have this girl removed by the police, if--'' He stopped abruptly, and his head sank once more upon his breast. "I would most earnestly advise you to see her," pleaded Arthur Lovell; "if she goes away in ler present frame of mind she may spread a horrible scandal against you. Your refusing to see her will confirm the suspicions which- " "What!" cried Henry Dunbar; "'does she dare to suspect me?" ' " I fear so." "Has she said as much?"' "Not in actual words. But her'maniner betrayed her suspicions. 'You ' niust''not wondar if this girl is unreasdnable. 'Her father's .miserable *fate muat 'have been a "I did." .. . , "And she--, "Sliesrefnsed it. ; Marr.Dunbar winced, as if something had stung him to the quiok.:: .; ! ;::" " Since it must be so,'t he ?:aid,; i'fI will see this importunate womanl.;-But not to-day. To-day I must and will have :rest.: Tell her to come to me to- morrow morning at ten o'clock.. I. will see her'then:." Arthur Lovell carried this ;message to Margaret. The girl looked at him with ano' arnest, questioning, glance. "You are not deceiving me, sir?" she said. ' "No, indeed." " Mr. Dunbar'aaid that?" ' "He did." " "'TIien I will go away; I .'3'&"do 'not let Henry Duhbar try to deceive me ''foI will follbw him to the end"of !the world in my 'earcih" for he mn iwli' mrdered .my t fathlerm"y She wet"slowiy away.. wentdown into the Ctledial yard ,ross whiili the muiirdierad man :had gone arm-in-arnm. with liA companion.' 'So me boys, loitering bout at the entrance to the meadows, answered all lieriquestions, and took her to the spot upon which the body had been found.. , ,: It was a dull, misty day, and there was a low wind wailing amongst the wet branches of the old tres. The rain-drops fromi the fading leaves fell into the streamlet, from whose shallow waters the dead man's face had looked up to the moonlit sky. : -' Later in the afternoon, ' Maiirgaiet had found her way, to a cemetery outside the topwni', where" under ,a newly-made mound o,. turf,' the murdered manulav;' ' .., :;'. .,A great many people had been.to-,§se this grave, and bad been very much disappointed at findinlg itin no way, different frpm; other groves . , :... Ahead3 the good citizens of Winohester hadbegn ou :bint, that the grove near St. Crods washaunted;l and there was'a.vague report. t.o he': effect that the dead .man had been seen there, walking' in:the twilight. Punctual to the very striking of the clock, Margaret Wilmot presented .herself at the George, at the time appointed by Mr. Dun bar. *.She had passed a wretched night at a humble inn, a little way out of the town, and had been dreaming all night of her meeting with Mr. Dunbar. In those troubled dreams she had met the rich man perpetually; now in one place, now in another; but always in the most unlikely places: yet she had never seen his face. She had tried to: see it; but by some strange devilry or other it?hbhd'been always hidden from her. : The same waiter was loungiig'"in 'th same attitude at the door of thie hotel le 'ldoked 'ip wdith, an expression of surprisease Ma?rgaret approached him. . " You've not gone thena, miss?"" eI ex claimed. "' Gone! N I havoswaited to ed Mr. " Well; thit's qnear sand tbe waite'' did h?: tell'y h ' . .. e ,?" .. .,, .,.: F"inams'b prosmieefto sea me st~{eno'clock `this mirning"`. That s 'n"ommon queer. " f0 Why so'? :asked` 1ltargareteagerly. Becaduse M r..Dunbai and tihat,!ypung gen?tas was w with hlim went away; bag and banggage, bi' ast niight's express ": ',; Margaret Wilmot gave no utterance to either, surprise or indignation. She 'walked quietly away, and ,went .o0ce more to the house of Sir Arden Westhorpe. She told him what had occurred, and her statement, was ivritten down and signed, as upon the previous day. " Mr. Dunbar murdered my father I? she said, after this had been. done; "and be is afraidtosee me!" i The magistrate shook his bead gravely. "No, no, my dear," he ;said ;;''you must not say that. I cannot allow yotui-to imake such an assertion as.that. i: Circuminstantial evidence often points to any innocent person. If ?i.r. Dunbar had. been in .any.w.ay 'on cerned in this matter, he ivould'have`made a point of seeing you; in order to set your isus picioagsatrest.: ,His':declining to 'see:ydu is only the?ict .of a selfish: man, who hah already suffered, very.. great ihnconvenience' from' this pusineess, and who dreads the ecatidalo"f o ome ;tragical: scene.! £1nufl (b t ccitimsinudY 