OUR MUTUAL END. A SPASMODIC ROMANCE. SPASM THE FIRST. By the author of BloTcer's Ghost and the Gory Bootjack. LOUIS NAPOLEON—by the grace of good luck and the whim of the populace, ruler of the grand nation—had a cold in his nose. This occurred—that is, this particular visitation to the Imperial beak herein referred to—several years ago. Parisian journalists were inspired to semi-officially announce that the Gallic CJSSAB, the hero of the Plebiscite, would not come down to dinner for a day or two. On the moonlit night immediately succeeding the advent of thiB catarrhal calamity, two travellers arrived at the whirligig barrier which guards the Strand approach to Waterloo Bridge, and is considered by civil engineers to be perfectly impregnable to anything short of a halfpenny. " MAX," said the elder traveller, who had a massive nasal organ and short legs, "have you got a sestertia—I mean a sixpence— confound the Roman history—got any tin ? " The younger of the two chucked a shilling at the tollman, who caught it with a dexterity acquired by ten or twenty years' experience of such prestidigitation. "Take your change," said the janitor solemnly, "take the difference; I don't care about having differences with people going out of the world." " Go to blazes!" retorted the younger man, who, though evidently a foreigner, spoke English to perfection; and then, as suddenly recovering himself, he continued with a slightly Continental accent, "What meaning may it be your amiable purpose to express ?" "Now, that's ft good un," snapped out the toll-keeper, irascibly. " Why, there's about thirty on you goes over on fine nights, and some's mean and owes it, and some's regular swells and gives a bob, and says 'blow the change,' like you; but then, to be sure, I gets something at the inquest." Onward went the travellers till they reached the middle of the bridge, when the figure of an elderly gentleman, boa- constrictorised with woollen shawls, abruptly presented itself in the foggy prospect. A sudden suspicion appeared to seize the elder of the voyagers that, though in a generally-speaking free country, they might be subject to conventional annoyances. Suddenly, emerged from the gloom a female figure with a pallid and expressive countenance (such as might belong to a young woman who gains a livelihood at a sewing-machine), who stood resolutely in opposing attitude to the two travellers. The.clock of ST. PAUL'S banged forth the hour of twelve with that tedious solemnity which befits every phase of ecclesiastical admonition. At this instant it was that fresh actors appealed. Just as the travellers reached the middle arch of the bridge, a couple of lithe and active footpads seized them severally by the throat. Not being hasty and nervous practitioners, the assailants took their victims by the throat, and held them quietly until a fit of artificial diphtheria supervened upon the throttling, and induced the malcontents to give in. 