MB. SHORTSIGHT'S JOUKfTEVrVGe. (Shewing many extraordinary things that may happen to a man in the luth.J n. I resigned myself once more to sleep, but the annoy ances to which I had been subjected had bo irritated tne, that my blood was now at fever heat, aad it was consequently some considerable time before I could get myself sufficiently calm to court the Balmy God. At last after many turns and twists, and after repeated thumps at the pillow that wouldn't be soft, and would have a lump in some disagreeable place, I dropped off to sleep, But only to dream of threatening female figures that gathered like ghosts about my couch, and demanded at mv hand all kinds of possible and im possible articles of female attire. From these uncom- : fort&ble; dreams I was once more aroused by the harsh : grating of the chair upon the oilcloth with which the ! Boor was covered, as some person endeavoured noise lessly to open the door. I raised my head in no very ; amiable mood, aa I called out angrily, and asked the i somewhat general question of ' Now then r' Once more it was a female voice that met my ear ] as the reply came to me, in the shape of a question — ' Is that the coach !' The peculiar form, that the ; reply to my question had assumed would have led to : the inference that I had to deal with a native of the \ Emerald Isle, but the inference was unnecessary, aa the rich brogue in which the words were clothed , made the fact certain. I groaned aloud in agony at . being thut beset by restless women, and asked myself , compassionately, as men are wont to do when regularly pinned in a corner, ' Am I to get no sleep to-night i Like the unfortunate Monsieur Tonson, ' who wsb roused up regularly almost a dozen times . every night by a set of wandering bucks— that being the name by which the ' gents ' of former days were known. — I felt inclined to exclaim, 'I shall get no sleeps nevare !' In the wanderings of my mind I already began to speculate as to whether women when . travelling ever slept in the beds which they engaged - at the inns, and for which the landlords made them pay, or whether, like the ghOBt of Hamlet's father, , they were ' doomed for a certain space to walk the night,' as a kind of hereditary expiation for the great primeval fault of the first woman. My speculations were, however, cut short by another push at the door, . and the appearance at the interstice thus established , of a lighted candle, surmounted by an eye and part of a nose. 'If you plaze, Sir— if you plaze, was that the coach ? was again asked. 'How should I knowf — why don't you go and see ? Bo you want me to get out of the bed and . look I retorted crushingly and sarcastically. ' I can't open the door, sur, to go an' look,' the female said. ' 'And can't you find any other way out than through my room f' I asked. ?' Indeed, sur, I can't— it's the way we cum in, an' it's the way we'll have to go out, bad luck to it, unless we get through the windy.' She was right, and I now for the first time became aware of the fact that my sofa was placed in the grand thoroughfare between the exterior and interior of the house ; and now that the bar was closed and locked up, the only thoroughfare, It was, in fact, nothing more than a kind of larger than, common en trance hall, cunningly devised by the introduction of chair, table, sideboard, and sofa, to assume the ap- * pearance of a room. Oh, how I anathematised that female deceiver in crinoline who had cajoled me into accepting the sofa ; and oh, how I longed for the peace and the attendant sleep of the ' other bouse' to which I bad been so sneeringly referred. 'Will ye open the doore — if ye plaze r ' The voice once more drew me from the bitterness of thought. I knew that I must do it sooner or later, so, resigned to my fate, I answered, ' Yes, yes. Close the door and 1 will remove the chair ! ' It was done, and I removed the chair, returned to bed, and called upon my new disturber to enter and pass through. I glared grimly at her from beneath the folds of my nightcap. And here let me explain that my nightcap is not the Kind of thing that is usually known by that name, but is a red worsted appendage that serves as a comforter by day, and being tuned in upon ' itself answers the purpose of a cap at night. Of course each end is fringed after the manner of com forters in general, and as this fringe stands up over my head something after the manner of the erected crest of a cockatoo, or the red horsehair plume of the old dragoon helmet, it gives me a most savage, not to say bloodthirsty appearance. My angry look, backed up by the ferocious head gear, unmistakably impressed the Hibernian female, who regarded me almost with an air of dread. She, never took her eye off me, as she crossed the room, | reached the opposite door, opened it and went forth, leaving both doors open. '? woman,' shouted I, ' do you want to commit an act of manslaughter, and be my death, by leaving me lying in the draught between two doors ?' ' I'll not be a minnit, sur,' she called out to me, ' an' I'll not hear the child if ye shut the doore ! ' 'What, was there a child, too ? Was that to follow and persecute me? That last remark quieted me be yond conception, for it left behind a wild uncertainty of horror too fearful to contemplate, and from that moment I lay prone and submissive. Where she went to, or now long she staid, I know not, but it seemed to me that I endured a century of misery. Relief came from an unexpected quarter. A series of unearthly yells, groans, and screams proceeded from some room at the back. It must have been the child ! referred to, for no sooner had the sounds reached .their highest and most piercing pitch, than baok : rushed the female, crying out, ' Ah, the poor darlin ! Don't cry alannah ! ' passed through the room, and of course, overcome by the maternal instinct, left both doors open. Of course I had once more to get out of bed and shut the doors ; then, when I lay down again, I had to suffer the agony of listening to the process of quieting the child. This consisted, in the present case, as it does in all cases, of the nurse making more noise than the child, whereby she deludes herself into the belief that, as ehe can't hear the riot, it is gradually Buhsiding. This conflict of Bound, was kept up with great spirit between mother and child for nearly half-an- hour, when the infant lungs getting the worst of it, from not being able to hold out so pertinaciously as those of the adult, the row gradually slackened, then came only at intervals, and at last subsided. ? I was now altogether beyond the reach of sleep, and had serious thoughts of commiting some dire act of vengeance- — such as winding a sheet round me and stalking ghost-like through the corridors until day dawn, or going round with the candle and calling up all the passengers. However, whilBt I was chuckling over these suggestions of my angry brain, and weigh ing one with the other as the best to be adopted, the time had passed over, and the coach was actually brought out. With the first sound of the wheels, out rushed the owner of the baby, in full travelling cos tume, and in such frantic haste that she disturbed the infantine slumbers, and the yells that succeeded were something to listen to, and to be a&aid; of. Back she came and endeavoured to quiet the darling — then, fearful that the coach would go, leaving it to break out in fresh cries whilst she came to assure herself that die vehicle was still there. Had sie been the only passenger all idea of further rest for me until her uneasy spirit had been laid in the dust of the road would have been out of the question. The knocking at the doors, the calling for passengers, the cries of the men outside the house as they loaded the coach and put in the horses, and the opening and shutting of doors inside the house, ana the ceaseless tread of wandering passengers as they sleepily sought this, that, or the other of their luggage, did not disturb me in the least, but were rather regarded as pleasing interludes, diversifying the sameness of the constant backward and forward tread of the frightened mother. I chuckled within myself at the idea that now their time had come, and that they had been roused out of bed before they had had half a night's sleep, and I was already comforting myself over the idea that I should be snugly rolled in the blankets whilst they were helplessly nodding between sleeping and waking in the uneasy vehicle to which passengers are doomed. My ideas, however, were soon all scattered to the winds by a kind of general and savage onslaught made upon the room in which I was lying. There was hunting and search ing for coats, bags, shawls, and wrappers. There was some wild and reckless masculine laughter, and also some wicked feminine giggling and tittering, as my peculiar nocturnal head-dress underwent examination by prying eyes. But I maintained a dignified silence, not pretending to sleep, but with wide opened eyes I gazed reproachfully upon them. The gentlemen who had formed the brandy and water party of the preceding evening, and who might pro bably come under the designation of iast men, ex pressed great admiration of the style in which I was got up, begging me to give them the name of the shopkeeper who sold such ornamental head gear. My answer was more ambiguous than polite, and at last the cry of ' all aboard ' coming from the coach man, they prepared to leave me with many expressions of esteem. 'Perhaps,' said I, as they were quitting, 'you will be good enough to put out your candles wnen you leave. They prevent my sleeping.' ' Put out the candles — of course,' ' warmly responded the leader of these tormentors. . ' Don't bring your candles here, boys,' he called out, ' the gentleman can't Bleep unless it's dark.' There was a sniggering and a laughing, a whispered \- conversation, and thev dispersed, but hardly a minute had elapsed before they returned in procession, and one after the other-depoBited his candle lighted upon the table, beyond the reach of my hand ; and retiring by the outer door they stood looking in, admiring, as they said, the grand effect of the impromptu illumina tion they had provided in my honour. Both doors were left open by these monsters in human form, and I could hear them as they got on the coach applaud ing each other. for the grand joke, as they called it, that had just been perpetrated. About a dozen lights were thus left burning ; I had not a good supply of missiles, but with one boot I knocked over at the lirst shy half of the number of the candlesticks. The second boot was a failure, as only one fell to it. There only remained to me the sofa pillow, so poising this steadily, I threw with so correct an aim, that I was at once in darkness. I sighed with relief, jumped out of bed, and shut the doors, got back into bed, rolled my self in the clothes, and prepared to make up for lost time. Hardly had I made myself comfortable than I started up in horror at hearing a tap at the door com municating with the corridor. Had the mother left her baby behind, or was the house haunted by the ghost of some traveller who had committed Buicide, and so been too late for the coach, and had ever since been trying, like the Flying Dutchman, to repair his fault. My favourite question on all occasions of doubt or difficulty was again put. I asked ' Now then?' ' Is thip the road through to the coach ?' again a female voice. Women were evidently fated to be my torment and annoyance during that night. _ 'Of course it is,' I answered, only anxious to get rid of the bother as soon as possible. The door opened, and I heard a shuffling of feet. There was no light in the room, and my invader had none with her, and I experienced a kind of savage satis faction as ehe stumbled against chairs and tables, and staggered over the overthrown candlesticks. There 'were sounds, however, of more feet than two, and of more staggerings and stumblings than one person could make, and the occasional use of the word ' Aisy ! Aisy 1' in a gruff masculine voice assured me that she was escorted by one of my own sex. They got to the other door, and I heard her fumbling with the lock, which was a common draw-back ene. She couldn't open it, and then she burst out into lamenta tions that she should be too late for the coach, and was going on most wildly. The only remark her com companion made to all this was to repeat at intervals his 'Aisy! Aisy !' The coachman was beginning to call out impatiently for his two missing passengers, aad I lay gloating over the misery of the couple at the door. At last she was almost getting to the point of screaming, when I informed her that to open the door she had only to pull the handle back. She did this, the door opened, and out she rushed. To make sure that she did not return, and go through a second edition of the baby scene, once more I got out of bed and went towards the door to shut it. Before I had reached it, I ran against some one in the dark. The expression 'Aisy! aisy!' informed me that it was the companion of the female who had just rushed out. ' Now, then ! ' said I. ' Aisy ! aisy ! ' was all he replied. ' Why don't you go to the coach r ' I asked. ' I'm blind ! ' he answered. Any further communication between us was pre vented by the return of the wife, who, with a mixture of moaning and lamentation and scolding, dragged the man away. The only answer he made, as he was hauled off unceremoniously, and placed his feat doubtingly upon the unknown mound, was 'Aisy! aisy ! ' in a soothing and somewhat subdued voice, as though he had a certainty that if his wife had him in a quiet place just then it would be all the worse for him, aad as though he was not quite sure of what the ultimate consequences to himself of this journey might be in thiB respect. I heard the coachman ' swear, and the passengers growl ; I heard the woman expostulate with the one and the other, and savagely scold her husband ; I heard him repeat his 'Aisy! aisy ! ' more subduedlv than ever, as he was lifted ana guided into his place on the coach, and then I heard the coach drive eff. Even then I was not sure that some woman or baby, or cripple, or something or other had not been left behind, only waiting to pounce out upon me the moment I finally dosed tne door that had been left open. So I left it as it was, determining to take no further notice of any one, or any thing, aad to let come whatever might. Lying thus in dogged .deter mination I gradually dropped off to sleep, and dil not wake again until a tap came to my door, and £ was informed that it was 9 o'clock, and that breakiast was ready. After a night of such adventures as I had gone through, it may be readily imagined that I did' not regard the extensive town of Hartley with much favour, and that I should be only too anxious to quit it as speedily as possible. But I did violence to my feelings (wluch were all in favour of an instant de parture) and actually paid a visit to the kerosene mines. I dare say the sight was an interesting one, but I will confess to you honestly that I saw nothing of it. I entered the tunnel, of course, and went down and along all its passages ; but what with bumping my head against the low toof of the adit (I think that is what they call it), and what with slipping my feet off the sleepers of the tramway, and what with mak ing continual false steps into water and mud, I had as much as I could do to look after myself without paying attention to the mineral which walled me ia on cither side. Then, besides this, I was provided on entering with a little lamp, with a large flaring wick, which I had to hold by a piece of short greasy wire, which kept continually eluding my grasp^ and slipping the lamp round in aQ directions. Then the flame would insist upon curling up and burning my fingers. No matter how I held the lamp, or tried to hold, round, the flame would twist, and catch my fingers just at the moment, too, when I required to pay the moBt attention to my feet. Then there was a perpetual dripping of water over head, and I had to undergo a perfect shower bath whenever my guide chose to stop to expatiate upon the beautiful appearance ot some particular block, that showed out in the mineral wall. What with the head hitting, the foot slipping, the finger burning, and the water dropping, added to the gnome-like appearance of the workmen who with their little lamps hooked on in some way to the front of their heads, looked like Cyclops, and the unearthly rum blings of the waggon on the trams, I was only too glad to get out of a place that I regretted having ever entered. Once in the open air I made no delay about quitting tbe spot, being still more hastened by the friendly suggestions that there were other mines opened, and I that I had better see them also. Not knowing but what these mining savages might seize me, and com I pel me to go down, or in, or through some other underground arrangement similar to that from which I had just escaped, I rode off, and without turning even a look upon the Hartley that had thus so cruelly served me both by night and by day, I turned my j horse's head towards those fine granitic ranges that your reporter either coulin't or wouldn't describe. 