? #w ^twg=Wto. ' ''^SiXNTUFETirKPPiBARY: A storV founded on fact. Chapter IV. Mrs. Dillon was not a scolding woman ; but there was a stillness in her moods of displeasure or uneasiness often awful and oppressive to those who witnessed them. Thus now, as she sat ailentlv before the fire, looking darkly on the wasting turf and faggots, there was enough in her attitude and expression of countenance to weigh heavily on the spirits of her husbanded daugh ter Pit himself felt sorely troubled, and more than once 'went to the door with the intention of making another exploring expedition in search of the missing one, but always returned without lifting the latch ; for where to go ra that midnight hoar with only the stars for a guide, he could nor tell. To wait with patience, then till the morn ingr should dawn, was bis only resource ; i snu sleep overcoming him, he retiied softly to bed. 1 Kitty also -Ml asleep in spite of herself, while waiting to see when her mother would rise from her position before the fire, and was soon snoring heavily in a dreamless slumber. Meanwhile, Mrs. Dillon remained motionless—the last spark of light bad died out of the turf and stick— the candle burned down, and there she sat in dark ness and gloom, till tfae first glimmer of morning w, 8t0ie om jbe sky. Then rousing herself, she Itarted up, wakened her husband and sons, and '- prepared the family breakfast with as much pre 1 j'.sion and alacrity as if she had not walked 20 miles the day before, and afterwards passed a sleepless night. The daylight did not bring much ! abatement of anxiety to the Dillons. Tb« father missed the fair face of his lovely daughter from the family board ; the mother felt no one knew what. Kitty was pale and wild looking ; her brothers silent and gloomy. When the unusually early meal had been hastily dispatched, the male pur \ tion of the family all went out in different directions in quest of the absent one ; and with feelings of the most oppressive kind, the mo. he r ? and daughter awaited whatever tiding time might feting them. Mrs. Dillon took up toe unfinished Stocking which Neily, the day before had been engaged in knitting, but hastily threw it down again as, for an instant, a spasm contracted her features. She then commeLced an arduous task of patching and mending clothes ; while Kitty's wheel sent iorth its droning thrum. The arrival of B=t Fagan, as the. day advanced, did not serve : to niake matters any better, in Kitty's estimation ; ^ she dreaded to meet the dark, meaning look of the widow's eyes, and her first inquiry, ? ? Has Nelly come back yet?' called (orth a rather cold answer in the negative. Bet shook her bead, and that was worse still. Kitty drew down her flax with wonderful industry, and the wheel went round so fast, tbat Mrs. Fagan exclaimed at ?ngtb — ?? Musha, faith, Kitty, yersell's the fine spinner ?—good luck to ye ! Ye'd bate any two in the counthry*' Mrs. Dillon spoke but little, and as Bet knew her way, she did not force her conversation upon her, but talked on cheerily, addressing no one in particular and expecting no answers. So the morning passed away. At length a man's heavy step was heard approaching the house. K tty trembled, and a faintness seized ber ; Mrs. Fagan rose to ber feet and stood immovably in the middle of the floor; the eyes of Mrs Diilon were fixed on the open doorway. P.ile, with every, feature bearing impress of seme terrible emotion, Fat Dillon entered, and without uttering a word, sat down upon the nearest vacant seat, ' Where is she 1 what has happened ?' de manded his wife, in a shrill unnatural tone. 'Have you found her ? Is she dead ?' She isn't dead,' replied Dillon, in a tone of frightful calmness, as he removed his bat and laid it quietly dowa. 'Fattier, what is it?' asked Kitty faintly, for she saw great drops of perspiration standing on her father's. haggard face. ' Sure, if she isn't dead, there's hope, broke in the mother tremulously. ' There's no hope 1' exclaimed Dillon, in the accents ef a despairing man. *' Whiu she isn't dead,' interrupted Mrs. Fagan. 'She's worse than dead!' groaned Diilon, new rising and striking bis hands fiercely toge ther ; ' if she was dead, it wouldn't signify !' ** For the love o mercy spake out man, and tell what has happened,' urged Mrs. Fagan. ' If she was dead,' continued the unhappy father, wildly, 'I'd have been satisfied; the Lord 'id h»ve touk her out o' barm md mischie/, an' we couldn't complain ; but she has brought a black shame on us all !' ' ?? Go on, Dilljn,' said his wife grimly, ' and well that Nelly has done.' ''She has goae off wid Peter Fogarty!' he replied, with desperate calmness. ?'Do you know it for certain t' demanded Mrs Dillon. 'Ay, for certain. Every oae knows it, too. They were seen together as lar as the Scully gap and Cappaniek— an' he basu't been home since jrrsurday.' ''; ?* Tuen if she's gone wid Pety Fogarty !' ex ?(aimed Mrs. Dillon in strong excitemtnt, as she flinjr herself upon her knees in the middle of toe floor ; but ere she could finish the sentence. Bet ' J?-«g»n tusbed towards her, and with gigantic it!rengtb, pulled the otrong woman to, her feet. ]' *? 4)011*1 .curse her, JEli.en Dillon I Don't curse four '©whtcbild f Sbe has done what 'ill bring ; tut grid; enough, widout callin* down the ven JeaiM« 6' God oh her I', '..''.. ' , 'Sbe 'ill niver more darken her father's door, while there's breath in her body 1' said Dillon, in a determined tone.. ' She 'ill nivir again cross that thresbheld alive;: an* I say it fornint ye all t'ds blessed day _!*' ' Ob, poor child ! poor child 1' muttered Bet Fagan in compassionate ac.ents. 'But tbis is toe heart scald you°Ve gev yer people! Poor foolish colleen! Aa'' sure, Pat Dillon,' she added, addressing the- farmer consolingly,' if sbe ;is gone wid- Fegarty, she didn't do worse^ afthe* all, than many aaotharv' '?Did I rare her up to digrace me this way!' be exclaimed vehemently. ' Wasn't she my favourite child 0' them all?' Wasn't she (he pet of every one in the house— rared as- tend ber as a lady— not asked to put her hand to a turn she didn't like— and now look at the reward she has gev us! Did I everr . aspect such conduct from her? She was brought up dacent an' respectable, an* she turned ongrateful an' ondutiful— a black shame, to all belonging; to her !' Before many hour* elapsed, all the neighheurs had gathered in to condole with the afftiuted family, and to relieve their minds, by giving vent to such sentences as — ltAb, thin, Mrs. Dillon, I'm sorry for ye;. I am indeed.' ^It*s merself could shed tears this m Bout.' ' TWb, an' sbe was a dacent, well' rared, little girl ; ,ah*its Fogarty I blame, not her,' &c;* &c; ..Bet Fagan whispered to a friend that she bad all along suspected there was something ?g'riag on' between Nelly and Fogarty ; and, more especially, she declared her fears to have been increased at the dance two evenings ago; an' this,' she con' tinued, ' I guessed at wonst what hnd happened when Nelly was missed ; for whin Mrs* Dillon an' I stopped at Dan Phelan's last night out 0* the storm, Peggy Phelan tould me that Fogarty an' her was seen a piece above Cappanick, in company wid otber ; an' the thought came in my head, the minnit I beard she wasn't to be found that she migbt have left the place wid him.' ' It was very sharp o* ye, Mis. Fagan,' replied the wonun to whom tbis information was impar ted ; but Mrs. Fagan only shook her head, and wished she had been mistaken. ' An* maybe you're mistaken yit,' said Norry Croon, a withered faced, little, old wom-m; '??maybe you're all in the wrong. I wouldn't believe tbat Nelly Dillon 'id lave her father's house wid the richest mm in Tip'rary, the way you tnink she's gone wid the same Pety Fogarfcy ; an' that's my opinion for ye !' chapter y. Leaving the neighD»urhood to ring with the wondrous gossip consequent on the disappearance of Nrlly Dillon, while each day confirms the be lief that she has eloped with Peter Fogarty, we shal', with the readers good le-ive, go back to the afternoon on which N-lly left her home, and, by following her footsteps, threw a clearer ligbt upun the mystery that involves her. Mortified, and a good deal excited by tbe unu&ualiy; harsh words of her father, the young girl had hastily quitted the bouse; for, a. though in genera! gentle and affectionate, she had naturally a q-iick temper and bigh spirit ; and being a good deal spoiled t-y . petting at home, it was easy to wound her feelings. Thou-h a lttle wayward at times, she possessed very high principles, which never per- mitted her to stoop to fak»houd or meanness. Her's had ever been considered tbe lip of truth, and it was frequently tne boast of her parents, tbat though sbe bad often been guilty in child hood of mischief, she had never once told a lie to excuse herself. As sbe grew up the sane truthfulness characterized her, and tbe same in dulgence that surrounded her in infancy wa3 extended to her maturer years. So little accus tomed to harsh treatment, it can scarcely c-iuse surprise that tbe Wvrds addressed to her by her fattier on the evening in question should irritate ani rouse her But her excitement 3 -on p ss.d off : the colour was quickly restored to her cheek ; and as the air blew freshly from tbe bills, sbe was not long in recovering ber usual bouyancy, while walking on to meet ber mother. The route she took was the one generally takea by her family in going to or returning from Knock may !e, a town ten miles distant. Crossing some stubble fields, she struck into one of those narrow, winding roads, flanked by thick wild hedges, so common in Tipperarv, and having followed its zi»z ig turnings for some time, she once again gut into the fields, and ascending some lonely hills, pursued her way with a light step, when suddenly a low, prolonged whistle attracted her attention, and sue stopped, thinking the sound was a signal to herself. S&e; w»s not mistaken ; .for in a short time, a male figure nurriedly approached her, and Peter F»g°«rty stood soon beside her. His appearance was wilder than usu 1 ; bit clothes looked disordered, and decidedly bespattered witn blond. Neily thought be possessed all the aspect of a guilty man. 'Good everiin*, Nelly,' he said, hurriedly, in a low tone, as it fearful of spe.iking aloud. ' I kn«w you'd be cumin along Ure, and 1 watcuin' tor you tbis hour.' 'TntHj indeed, Pe»y, you might be doin* so.inetuiu* bettber,' replied Nelly a little drily. '? I'm guin' to lav* tbe cou-athry shortly,' con tinued Fognrty, ' an' 1 must get a plain answer tr-.»m you, Neliy— whetuer you'll come wid mo tr ao.' Tbe girl turned almost fiercely round upon her companion, as be uttered tbis sentence, and fi&ed; er eyes uhd- iunted:y on bts face, without speak* i g- wtile be went on — ? '1 know there isn't one belonin* to you likes me— but wnat .do 1 . c-*re for that ? Nut a cusboge ! I've money in plenty ; an* if you come, t ' : I Nelly, I promise you'll never want. So now you* i can jast answer yes or no.'' : For a few minutes Nelly was silent; and then she spoke : ' ' Peter Fogarty,. if you- had all the gold in the I world, and. were the best man in Tipperary, I wouldn't go- wid you, at' lave my? father an*' mother, like-an ongrateful wretch. I wouldn't go for to draw tears from tbeir eyes, nor-put a thorn in tbeir hearts, for any thing in life. No,. Pety 1 not a foot Fd go — even if I1 liked jou ever so well.' 'Even,'' repeated Fogarty, vritlt- emphaai*; 'that manes you- don't like me at alii maybe.' 61 1 liked* you wanst,. Pety,' sai* Nelly, in a ? tremulous voice; 'you. know I dids— but thing »' , are ^ changed since that time. M;. people . are : against, you ;: and I have given mjr' promise to I another.' ' 'That sohamin' bla*guard Dinny Ryan, is it ? asked Fogarty fiercely. 'You-«no right to spake of him that way, Pety,' replied Nelly, rebukingly. ' Dinuy never wronged mortal yit.'' ..'; ' He has wronged? me, Nelly, »nd^ you know it. Would I be what I am only for him ?*' What- has he done to you ?' ' Robbed me of all that would have made a dacent boy o* me. Hasn't he come like a thief and taken your heart from me^.N«lly?- You loved me till , he went between us. libu would have married me if he hadn't been to the fore to slutber your father an* mother with his blarney.' '. Niver, Pety I' exclaimed Nelly, emphatically. ' I never would ha7e married you; The life you led wasn't what I could have borne. If I loved you ever, it is a long time ago.'' 'D'ye forget them days whin we walked on tbe bills—-' 'I wish to forget them,' interrupted Nelly, as sbe hastily wiped a tear from ber eye. 'You don't forget them ! You'll never forget them !' exclaimed Fogarty, vehemently, as he wildly threw bis arm round her slight figure. 'Tbe God above only knows^what I feel, Nelley Dillon ; an* if your heart isn't made ot stone, you can't but pity me!' Tbe young girl's eyes werebent on the grounds. The stBuggle between duty and an affection wbich she bad long thought subdued, caused a powerful emotion in her bosom; and so per plexed was her mind iot a few moments, that sbe did not perceive the approach of some- ac quaintances, returning from Knockmayle, till they were quite close, and bad accosted her with a '* Good evenin', Nelly.' Hastily extricating berself from the arm of Fogarty, she bluahingly returned the salutation, and her friends passed on, to make their own comments on bee be haviour as soon as they were out of hearing. She and Peter wire now as far as the Scully gap — a hollow path between two hills— and with tremulous eagerness she entreated Fogarty to leave her. 'You don't know, Pety, what anger I got to day about you,' she observed, seeing that he would not quit ber side. ' My father, that never scarce spoke a cro s word to me in bis life——' ?' Yer father !' interrupted Fogafty ; ?? who cares for himl If you loved one, Nelly, it's little you'd be thinkin* what Pat Dillon thought.' 'Is it my father I wouldn't care for? Oh, Pety you little know me or him. I wouldn't wish him or my mother to think ill 0' me for all the ricbes in the kingdom t' Neily now stopped, and declared she woalden't go a step further unless ha left her ; but Fogarty still kept by ber side, and tben she walked rapidly on in advance without speaking. Tney were soon beyond the Scully gap, ascending a succession of ruggei heights, very lonely and wild, known as (he Cappanick bills. Some dark thoughts took possession ef Fogarty's mind; and the more determined Nelly was to avoid answering him, the more wicked and revengeful he felt. No man poor or rich, likes to be rejected with scorn by his lady-love; and unfortunately Nelly's countenance betrayed too much indignation at his persecution. They were both going en in utter silence, when the young man suddenly stop ed, and, laying his hand en her arm, asked in » husky, agitated voice — ' Will ye come Neily ? It's the last time I'll ask you ;an' if you don't—' Tbe sentence was unfinished ; for, with the keen eye of one often on the look out for such objects, Fognrty beheld, far distant, a body of men qu- ckly passing in onrcbing order over a low plain, distinguishable from tbe Cappanick hills. Without waiting for a reply, be dexter ously drew out a large handkercnief, and, quick »s lightening, passed it tightly over tbe face of the unsuspecting girl, who had not recovered her surprise and terror, when it was tied firmly be hind her Ite^d, tbus preventing her ottering a single audible word. He then seised her, ia spit.- of frantic struggles, and bore her in a direc tion different from the one they bad hitherto been takin*. His giant' strength rendering her weight tbf burthen of a feather, be struck over the hills plunged into solitary valleys, and again asctndtd wild heights, till Kelly's form lay more heavily in bis arms, and her struggles to release berselt no longer incommoded him. CHAPTER TI. A long faint rendered the young girl insensible for some hours ; and when she again aw*k« to -;onaciou*neas, she found herself alone in a strange tpartment. Tbe roof and sides were jagged eati -»t irregular form, suggesting at ones the surmise .hit it V4S a mountain cave. The email aperture serving for door v»s blocked up item without by huge stones and bramble bushes, wbich left ver- little room to admit the faint evening light. A variety of a?ticl«s |werc strewed within ; a black [still, evidently superannuated, a powder flask land a couple of, pistols, lay together in one ends' 1 while at another were piled' materials for fuel--' 1 turf, stick8-.8nd tinder : a targe pitcher of water* i and a gallbir jar of whiskey. 0* poteen stood side jby side, accompanied bysoi»e-ha)f b.ked wbeatea ! bread, a bag of flour, a griddle, an iron pot. and' I one or two saucepans. These things were nWat once distinguished by ouff-yotmg friend, whose* eyes failed' to pierce tbe dim Jight around hi ;The handkerchief bad beembastily removed from her face t6 give her airland now lay loonelv 1 reuud bep shoulders ; but* ©a trving to rise from jber reclining position, she found that her auk;le had been^ sprained by some means, causing- h'er much pa?n- Trembling and weak, sbe lay thero i in a terror amounting to Bgpnjr, for a loo/ while No sound, save the whistling of the wind as it rose hither and bigbep, reached her; and gradually, muttering* of thumfer struck upon; her ear; As the evening faded into night, the storm grew fiercer: flash &fte;* flash of lightning it quick succession lit up tbe cave, wbila the cr* sh ing. of mighty thunder echoed with tremendous' ' force overhead, and the Boise of a rushinamoun tain torrent added to the dismal sound. It wag long before the fury of tbe elements abated, but at length it died out, the gargling of the wat»r alona remaining. Hour after hour passed, and still Nellf, remained unmolested by the presence of any living thing. Sb* dared not attempts sleep however^ and throughout kbe whole night she lay there motionless, with unclosed eyes. Tbe dawn of morning found he* weak, shivering, and de cidedly, ill with a swollen ankle and feverish thirst.. By a strong effort she crept * few paces to obtain a drinfc of water from the pitcher, after which she was again obliged to return to her reclin position. Fron? the aspect of the cave and its. contents she could not doubt that it was the hiding place of men engaged in nefarious pur suits; and had sbe- been able to walk, she would hare lost no time in endeavouring to make her escape; but lame as sbe was, she could not think of attempting to- move. To bee surprise and re hef, the day wore on, and she was still alone* AH within and without was silent and desolate^ Evening came, and twilight was. giving away t»i the darker shade of night, when- tbe stones were, hurriedly removed from the aperture, and a dim, i bead was faintly discernible peering, while a ?? husky voice whispered : ? 'Are any o' ye here, boys I Pety Fogarty, if ! you re within, make off as fast as yer legs can carry ye.' And then the apparition disappeared like lightning. Rather encouraged by this, circumstance, which seemed to indicate tbat tbe cave was no longer i deemed a safe retreat for those who had formerly ! sought its shelter, Nelly now gathered courage, and bethought her of binding up her ankle tightly wita the handkerchief hanging round her neck. This she did, hoping to allay its pain; and having accomplished her purpose, she crept to the spot where she had seen materials for making a fire; and procuring flint and tinder, dexterously managed to li^bt some well- dried sticks, which soon crackled and blazed brightly. To these she added a turf or two; and though there was, probably, more smoke tbaB you or I might have approved of, reader, she was by no means incommoded by it. 'If I am to be murdered,' thought she, 'I may as well die comfortable ;' and with this idea she endeavoured to infuse some warmth into her chilled frame. What Fogarty*s designs might be she could not tell ; but from what she knew of his cbaractar latterly, she feared be was capable of committing any crime for the sake of revenge. Weak and exhausted as she was, the heat of tbe fire had soon a somnolent effacti and she was gradually dropping off into slumber, when a noise suddenly roused her, and a voice rang in ber ear — 'Holloa! young woman, you're our pri soner !' j By th) light of the blazing sticks she beheld two figures in the costume of revenue police quite close to ber. They bad evidently been at tracted to the cave by tbe ligbt from within it ; and a considerable force being ia the neigh* bourbood, on the look-out for a party of illicit distillers, they were not slow to take advantage of the beacon. Police, or as they are termed, ' Peelers,' uf any description, are not particular favourites with tbe peasantry of Tipperary, and Nelly trembled very much as she fouad berself in tbe custody of toe revenue men. In vain she endeavoured to explain to them tbat sbe was tbere against ber own will : the story was not a probable one: and seizing her by the arm rudely, they demanded where ber accomplices were, i«- ! forming ber with a good deal of bitterness tbat they had a warrant for tbe apprehension of Fogarty and some others for tbe murder of tueir late officer, Grogan. Nttlly'a spirit was at I length roused, and sbe stoutly denied oil know ledge of the whereabouts of ber supposed com panions ; but the m»ne who had been roused i» a pitch of great ferocity by the barbarous murder 1 of Grogan, beard her words with incredulity, and '? informed her they must arrest her. Matten were now beginning to look very black indeed for Nelly, lor she held it almost a greater misfortune '- ba in the hands of tbe revenue men than ef Fogarty. By various threats and promises they still oadeavoursd to draw from her soraa infor na:i n respecting tbe present hiding-placa of thft -Hows they were searching for ; bat as stto per« 'isted in declaring he? atter ignorance of tbeir a-vemeBte, tLey at length abandoned toe offarfe t'bey took posotseion of the firs-arme in t&i;» -ve, and having searched among its Other eoa~ eo;s, satisfied them&elves; by battering , nod -ickiBj but tbe remains ef the old still, and thea , - regaled themselves with pretty strongdraughts of | WoteBn. Three men fully armed, remained to! / guard the cave, while the rest of the force went to i ; make i further search among the mountains. The; bight was now illuminated by a clear, unclouded i : moon, which rendered outward objects perfectly: distinct. Retreating to an end of the cavp, ??removed from where ;the police were gathered round the fire, 'Nelly «at in perfect silence, ?inwardly praying that'fate might contrive a way -to 'release her from the presence of theee beings ?whom she so much dreaded. As the night wore on, the men drank deeper, till their heads became . .confused. Shots -were heard in the distance, ? breaking the stillness of the-air, gradually .growing I' ' inore frequent, while a hideous noise of voices 1 yelling and shouting mingled with the -uproar. ^Suddenly the men staggered Jo their feet, and one of, them hastening to the -mouth of tbe cave. ' ilistened eagerly. It was evident that strife was ..; .going on not very far off. Wboops of the most .?savage rkind made the mountains echo, 'till it '?? . .almost seemed as if a*et of demons had been let . loose, while sharper and louder, volley after volley, ? rent the «ight ait. '\Let us come on, Flynn/' urged the man who \- had listened attentively -o the exciting sounds; ' ''there's sfigbtning going on, and we oughtn't to befeere.' .-...; ''' ;'....;«? I'm ready . then,' replied iFlyain, who felt a .well enough inclined fora spree; and forgetting , '', their prisoner, they all three started forth, ? scarcely 'knowing whether they stood on their I i beads or heels, but capable enough of fighting boldly. ? Nelly ardently trusted they might never come back, though we don't suppose she was sangui nary enough to hope they would be killed ia the ; fray. She scarcely knew whether the defeat of the smugglers or the revenue men would be the more advantageous to herself. Listening to hoarse cries '.i and shots, she sat crouching and shivering for a ;' long '.'.while, thinking she might probably try to :- snake her escape, even if she had to crawl step by ;-8tep of the way. By degrees the noise of fighting ; /grew more faint, as if tbe combatants were moving . to a greater distance. At length it was enly at rare intervals she beard a shot at all. She was media ' tating upon the prudence of now venturing from ?the cave at all hazards, when the sounds of ap proaching steps struck upon her ear. A thrill o! borror shot through her heart. Nearer and nearer they came— a heavy tramp, like the mea sured tread of two or three |men walking slowly. The sounds ceased at tbe entrance of tbe cave; , and with eyes nearly blind from terror, Nelly ; beheld, in the dim light, the uncovered head of a man thrust through the aperture, quickly followed , by his sfcoulders and the rest of his body. Having made its entrance in this way, the figure eventually lay at full length, fl^t upon tbe ground, without motion ; and Nelly beard tbe sound of retreating footsteps eutside. The moonlight streaming in, how (ell faintly en the form of her silent com pBnion, and with a cold shudder the girl became aware that she was witbin a few paces of a dead man By bis dress she concluded that he bad been one of the smugglers, and earnestly bending down she examined bis features, but they were unknown to her. Ghastly and stiff, with eyes glazed arid wide open, the corpse seemed to stare ; horribly at her. She retreated in fear and j trembling, but found it impossible to keep her I] eyes off tb'at sinister form. Tbe dread of being ; alone with tbe dead is overpowering among some portions of the Irish peasantry; and perhaps ; Nelly felt more alarmed at being in suco close I contact with a corpse than she had yet felt since I her capture by F-'garty. It was a strange fear, ! not connected wit's this woild, and therefore the I more ierrible. With a thousand wild iancies I rushing through her mind, among which ghosts, I demons, and other ghastly forms, bore most I unpleasant parts, she made an agonizing effort to 1 leave tbe cave, and creeping slowly onwards I passed the dead man as. she made her exit I through the aperture. It was a calm, cold night, I the sky deep due, and a broad shining moon 1 riding high in tbe heavens. Dark masses of I mountains surrounded her, rising' high and wild I above the hollow in which she stood. It was I impossible for her to know the best way to turn. I Chilled, terrified, and weak from want of food I and sleep, she found it difficult to move a step; I but assisting herself by her bands to climb a I *ui»&sd; ascent, she slowly crept on. At length 1 reaching, a lofty eminence, from which she I descried what appeared to be a worn path wind I ing along for a, considerable distance, trusting to 1 ♦ chance she struck into, it; and moving thus I slowly for a long while, had made considerable I way, : when: a faintness overcame her, and she: 1 Sunk down senseless: ' : [ '' ' 1 '..'''' (to 'b$ continued.)- ? 