""HATE Orl THE IÏOK01KJ11 FHANClDSIÏ EXTENSION BILL HouM' or Commons, M\\\ 8. (Ftom t'ti ï..(.iv J Tim ailjinnmd debute upon thet-ecoml it,»!».» oUliis LUI -was resumed by ' ' Mr. Gregory, who said that it must have e».out i eil te any one who cither heard or read the debate of last "Wednesday, that accusations of insincerity were Mattered with most remarkable piolusion by almost ocry Liberal speaker upon almost every Liberal .»lonbcr of that House. First, his noble friand (I.011I Rlcho) accused the hon. member who intro- duced the bill ol' being iii.sinceic, bcciuisc on nu occasion -for testing the Liberal opinion of the House selected by the bon. membci for Brighton he bolted from the House, and that with so »uch piccipitntion as to picvent the lion.-member whom he met from continuing the performance ol' his Parliamentary duties at that time. (A laugh.) Then the hon. member for Huddersfield turned his inten- tion to the Government, who, he said, were " deceit- ful above all things," and the President ol' the Board of Tratte the "most tlespcratcly wicked" ol' them all. Not to be outdone, his lion, friend the member for Liskeard got up and said that the Government no doubt was insincere, but thnt all professing Liberals in that House were just as iiibinccrc ns the Govern- ment ; and he was convinced that if there lind been time for another reformer to have spoken, lie would have declared that the tin ce kingdoms of England, Scotland, and Ireland -were ns rotton and insincere ?upon this question of reform as were the hon. member for Leeds, the Government, anti the Liberal mem- bers -who sat nrounel him. Ile rend n book the other day, written by an American, which was full -of pleasant conceits, and in which it was said that the horse was a most respectable Animal, but somehow or other he was always managed and looked after by a set of rogues, mid he could not help thinking that tlint observation would apply to reform. Reform -was a very lcspcctable thing in itself, but somehow or other it appeared to him always to be managed und looked after by a set of- insincere gentlemen. (I-aughter.) The lion, member for Leeds anti the Liberal members could protect them- selves, but it appeared to him that the Government was unable to do so, and, therefore, although the other night the Chancellor of the Exchequer accused him ol' n disposition to pelt the Administration, he was _ about to stand up in their defence. In his opinion, tlio Government had acted with regard to -lis question of Reform both with'wisdom and with sincerity. (A few cries of " Hear," and laughter from the Opposition benches.) They gave a pledge to bring in a bill, and they brought a bill in. They said that they would endeavour to carry a bill, and he believed that they intended to carry it. But when they found that they lind to contend not only with tho formidable opposition of honorable gentlemen opposite, which they were préparée! to meet, but alBO with every obstacle which could bo thrown in the way of the measure by its supporters on that side of the House. ; when they found that the opinion of members on that side, as expressed to them in conver- sation, was hostile to the bill, and when they saw that the feeling throughout the country was one of perfect indifference, he thought that they were wise not to endeavour to force the measure down the throats of an unwilling House ol' Commons and an indifferent. JvTow, upon the eiucstion of insincerity of which hon. members had heard so much he must 6ay lie firmly believed that the feeling on his own side of the House was not, as a general rule, in favour of such a bill as that under discussion. He was no advocate of the ballot, but he must admit that ho should be glad to see that process, were such a thing possible, put into operation in the House of Commons on the present question. (Hear, hear.) If that were done, anil if the question put were whether the Reform Bill of the hon member for Leeds should be staved off for ten years, he believed that the revolution of opinion which wonltl be observ- able on the Liberal side of the House would be something perfectly astounding, anti, not only tint, but he felt assurée! that the verdict which would bo pronounced would be received with the greatest com- placency in the country. (Cheers.) The reason why that should be so was sufficiently clear. The various constituencies, like the House of Commons, were pretty evenly divided, and very little was required in order to throw the balance into one scale or the other. In every constituency there -was a small, active, noisy body of politicians who hail considerable weight in the elections, and those gentlemen persuaded them- selves-nnel, what was woi^e, persuaded others-that they were the bole high priests nnel depositaries of Liberal traditions and opinions. When, therefore, any candidate happened not to come up to their standard, they declnreel that ho was below the regu- lation height "of Liberalism, and the result was thnt many candidates were induced to give pledges which they did not like when given, and wh'ch they devoutly hoped they might never be -called upon to fulfil. (near, hear.) In those'eon etituencies, however, there were other men, ¡ who had fought the battle of Reform from their earliest youth, who had advocated the great changes which had been introduced into the Constitution of the country, not for the sake of change, but because the state of things which they had to encounter, and which was pressing upon them, in- volved questions in the course of their daily life which were so utterly intolerable before the passing of the Jldtoim Bill that they preferred almost to run the risk of a revolution to remaining quiet. These men, who were the fiercest and the foremost in the cause of Reform, were now, however, quiet, and if they rested it was not because of any repentance of their past j course, or from any unwillingness to move forward hereafter in the path of progress, should they deem further reforms to bo necessary. They but acted as Bnplishmcn were wont to act in matters of the kind, with instinctive prudence anti, moderation. They turned their eyes aside from mere'theories and abstract arguments, and when tliey looked at the great etbficc of liberty and property reared up in the country they -we're content, and did not, like Frenchmen, seek to pull such a fabric to the ground in order that each man might build it »gain in accordance with some device of his own. Such was the secret, in his opinion, of what was called Conservative reaction, there being a nuin-' ber of pei sons who had been and were still Liberals in the several' constituencies who were determined not to sanction organic changes in the Constitution. !Novv, his hon. friend the member for Caine in the speech whicli he hail made on SVcdnesduy last had shown, he thought as clearly as reasoning could accomplish, that the present bill must, if adopted, introduce such changes. Nay, more, not only would the bill be the first step in the direction of universal suffrage and democracy, but universal suffrage and democracy must be the inevitable consequence of its passing into a law. (Cheeis.) That proposition he would not attempt to prove by any abstract argument. It was sufficient lor him to say that the transfer of power from one stratum of society to another-which ho would prove the bill would effect-must have the result for which he was contending. Once power was transferred from one class to another, no one had any interest in limiting the number of that new class. - In Finsbury and the Tower Hamlets, for instance, the whole electoral power lay in the £10 voters, and it made no earthly difference whether there were 23,000 or 4-5,000 in the former, or 50,000 instead of 25.Q00 in the latter. It should also be borne in mind that the working classes through their representatives most distinctly announced that even if they accepted the present bill they would do so looking upon it only as an instal- ment, that it was utterly unsatisfactory, and that the moment it passed there would be a renewal of their agitation. (Hear.) Ile had had a pamphlet pre- sented to him a few days ago by a gentleman who was well known for his extremely liberal opinions, who, he believed, possessed the confidence of the working classes, who wrote with great vigour on their behalf, and who, in speaking of half measures, and the bill of tho hon. member for Leeds, said :-"The speakers at the late Bradford meeting, Mr. Stansfeld, Sir F. Crossley, Mr. Baines, and Mr. Forster pleaded ior no more (Mr. Stansfeld alone gave advice which would secure more) than the partial enfranchisement plan-a policy which Î tailers with the popular hope, which fears to look the ight in the face, which offers the least measure that can be called an improvement, settles nothing, and perpetuates the old disappointment. ... No' partial enfranchisement can produce direct political improvement unless large enough to effect a sub- stantial transfer of power. . . . There may be no reason to refuse partial enfranchisement ; but it would* _e as indecent in the working classes to exult in it as it would be in ten men who were taken from a wreck by a choice of the captain, and who should throw up their caps in the face of all those left to their fa'e." (Hear.) Now, that was, he thought, the best answer -which could be given to the statement of the hon. member for Hudders6eld that the present was a measure liberal and broad enough to meet the require- ments of the time. Those, then, he maintained, who advocated such a change as the bill proposed ought to be prepared to show, first of all, in what the Reform Bill had faded ; secondly, that the H«use of Commons had »cither the power nor the desire to take the necessary ?tera in the path of progress, and that it was, thc.e fcre. expedient that political powt* »bould be t»ans- I feu ed (rom the classe» now possessing it-the upper mid middle-to the lower classes. That being done, -it-u-Mtud with-thc. advocates of the bill to sht>w thnt. the j*rópo«-e ? gu'iitcrniiwunt-of liberty than tlint nt piescnt enjoyed, . ni the production of .more correct notions with regard to «numeric and the imposition of taxation, in as good a gum antic for pence and general security. When he was louvineed that such would be the operationof the bill he should hnvc the greatest pleasure in voting for the second rending, but until then he should continue to be ns obstinate anti impenitent ns he was n>t that moment. His_ firm belict was ttrht the bill would have tile effect ol' transferring the power in boionghs from the upper anil middle to tho lower clnSBCS. -It was nihnittcd that the number of borough voters was nt present 410,000, bul if fiom that number the metropolitan und University constituencies, which -would be scnu-cly at nil increased under the bill, were de- ducted, there would remain only 275,000, to which would be added hy the bill, according to calculations which lind been made, 240,000. Of that number lie thought it had been proved by the papers which had been laid before the House of Lords that two-thirds were between £C and £8 householders. How, then, he should like to know, could it bo contended that tlic hill would not effect in boroughs a transfer of power from those who now possessed it to a different class ? The passing of this mensure would extend the franchise to few .if nny but the lowest classes, The difficulty would then be to prevent the matter from going further. A-man renting n house at £5 10s. might oftentimes with reason urge that he was better educated, that he contributed equally to the revenue of the State, or drank more pots of boor, than his neigh- bour who possessed the franchise because he rented a i'G house. The whole question was, in reality, one of expediency, and it was from their overlooking this fact that the gentlemen who argued the matter upon abstract grounds involved themselves in such dilli eulties. Looking at the question in an abstract point of view, lie felt disposed to agree with Mr. Mill in his advocacy not only of a manhood but also a womanhood suffrage. Mr. Mill could conceive nothing more horrid than the domination of one class over another, and in order to prevent that domination arising from his proposed extension of the suffrage he had proposed a system of make-weights, balances, complexities, and perplexities, which the country never would tolcrato for one moment. (Hear, hear.) He believed that if they accepted the mensure before them, they accepted nt the same time an almost immediate advance to, he would not say n universal, but to nn enormous and un- restricted suffrage, nnd they ought to be prepared to look the result steadily in the face. Ho was perfectly nvvoi-c that those who did not approve the bill were charged with being unwilling to admit the woiking classes to n share in the representation. That charge, however, was unfounded. He himself could have accepted the pledge of 1859 without the slightest hésitation or misgiving. He was prepared for tlic extension of the franchise both in boroughs and counties, because he believed they would find among the working classes a greater amount of honesty of purpose, greater independence of thought (hear, hear), and n greater probability of their being guided in their selection of representatives less by motives of petty self-interest than influenced many among those holding the £10 franchise. Ile would be quite prepared himself to advocate any mensure which nftcr due inquiry woiilâ extend the suffrage to the most respected and most trustworthy of the working classes. Qlcar, hear). This was exactly the point, however, for which tin's bill did not satisfactorily pro- vide. (Hear, hear). To call those illiberal in their views who opposed the bill simply because of that op- position was to do nothing more than confuse Libera- lism with Democracy. He believed if the most enlight- ened of the working men were consulted as to the manner in which the deserving of their class should be admitted to a participation in the electoral franchise, they would declare themselves in favour of some kind of franchise, though no one appeared yet to have decided what that franchise should be. He was em- boldened to make this statement from what had been written by Mr, Holyoake. (" Oh."J An hon. mem- ber exclaimed "Oh," but it should be remembered that Mr. Holyoake was an out-and-out root-and branch Radical. The pamphlet before him contained numerous allusions to the " serfs" and the " slaves," who, at present, had no share in the election of our repiesentatives, and the admission which lie would quote was, therefore, all the more valuable. Mr. Holyoake said:-"The National Reform Union of Manchester does propose an extension of the suffrage ' to every householder or lodger rated or liable to be rated for the relief of the poor.' A bill which included all this would do, and would end the agitation. Hbut there is no such bill drawn. There is no member who would introduce it. Nor is there any pro- bability of carrying it. The union gives no sign of preparation or persistency for carrying it. It would require a revolution to carry it. The union does not mean this. It does not even confront nor even discuss the grounds of opposition to such a bill. Its programme runs in the old, tiresome, tame, wearying, struggling, discouraging Radical rut. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) It pro- poses a suffrage without guarantees for its quailfed action. It gives to the working class the numerical majority. I am not one who believes that the work- ing class would ever vote down the men of property and education. Hut they might do so. (llear, hear, and laughter.) No absolute guarantee can oe given that they never would do so, and the men of property and intelligence would have, if this bill passed, to trust to this event not occurring. They would hold their liberty and interests on sufferance, nicy would be in the same position in which the unenfranchised now are. Objecting myself to hold my liberty on sutferance, I should be most reluctant to put this risk on the educated and wealthy class. No class ought to be put in this position. No class ought to submit to it. Now, this is the real dilemma which exists. This dilemma the National Reform Union neither recognises nor provides for. This formidable difficulty no Radical orator meets. This is why the Reform question stagnates and remains where it is. ' Everybody at times feel this difficulty, yet no ,onc on the side of Radical Reform docs look it in the "face, or has the courage to state it, or attempt to meet it. How enn it.be met except by adopting Mr. Mill's proposal of giving' the wealthy and educated classes the protection of cumulative votes ? or by acting on Earl Grey's suggestion of giv- ing to the unenfranchised classes a special number of members who should share in the representation with- out swamping it ? Liberal M.P.'s and the Liberal Press appear to have set their faces against such in- dispensable plnns, cniicnturing them as ' fancy fran- chises' ns though a vast and protective suffrage, which obviated fin overwhelming difficulty, could be so described." And now for Mr. Holyoake's opinions upon the bill before the House. The writer con- tinued :-" I know towns where ardent Reformers are themselves afraid of an unqualified suffrage. Good Radicals, the most thorough of their class, have said to me, ' There is a mob in our town (there is in every town), ignorant, selfish, venal, and reckless of prin- ciple -, had they all votes, our present Liberal mem- bers would be unseated at the next election. (Laugh- ter and cheers.) They would vote against those who seek to raise them.' This is a general feeling in Liberal boroughs. (Laughter and cheers.) Now there is no pinn of a £6 suffrage which selects the worthy nnd.cxcludes the base. All £6 suffrnge is blind ; and hence we hnvc Radicals arguing feebly and fearing much the result ol' the very measure they plead for. Surely this is political imbecility. This is the real dilemma which ought to be put an end to by adopting a plan of pro- tective suffrage, of "which the only opponents are Radicals whose policy has long undergone petrifac- tion." [An hon, member : " Putrefaction."] (Much laughter.) In a question of such vital importance as the one before the House, he believed it to be neces sary to mukc various inquiries among the working clnsscs themselves, with a view to discover in what manner their wishes would be most satisfactorily met. For his own part, he should be glad to see the repre- sentatives of labour confronted with the representa- ? tives of capital, and he felt quite sure they would always receive at the hands of the House of Commons that attention to which they were entitled. But he maintained that if this could only be accomplished by the disenfranchisement of the wealthy, the educated, the bankers, the professional men, and the more intelligent shopkeepers of England, the non admission of some of the working classes was of the two the preferable evil. He remembered a conversation he once liad with one of the most clear- headed men he never knew-the late Sir B. Brodie who was what was called an advanced Liberal ; but upon this question he was inexorable. Adopting the views of his noble friend and the right hon. gentle- man the member for Caine, Sir B. Brodie called this a " pot of beer " question, and maintained that it was for those who sought to gain admission to the fran- chise to show that they were qualided, and the best test of qualification would be a power of self-restraint. He would call upon those who advocated this mea- sure, and who were prepared to go all lengths, to show from the example of other communities where democratic institutions existed that such changes as were now proposed would be unattended with disad vantage. There were certain matters upon which all liberals were agreed, certain great objects which all sought to attain. 'These were liberty, peace, en lightened views with regard to commerce and the distribution of taxation, and the purity of election He would invite the House to consider how these matters stood in countries where democratic institu- tions existed First, as to the question of liberty liberty to think, to write, and to speak whatever the mind might suggest I et them look at the great Republic of the West, and he would ask, without in the least intending to say anything at all disrespectful, whether thought there was not paralysed and utterance checked unless such thought and utterance happened to be in the groove of what was called popular opinion During the last few years imputa turns of all kinds had been unsparingly lavished upon England, and yet tho friends of the North in that House had always said that we did not know the real American feeling and that there was a strong under current in favour of England He believed that to be true, but what a comment was afforded upon tho want of liberty that existed in that country as regarded ce pression of opinion when it was found that, through out the United States, not a single man had ventured to say, ' You are traducing and maligning a country which, under the most unparalleled pressure from at home and abroad, has striven to maintain a perfect neutrality " (Hear, heir ) How different was our case during the Russian war There was no attempt to stifle the expres sion of opinions on the part of Mr Cobden and others who opposed the war, but the statement of their -views was received with respectful attention Then, as to the question of peace His hon friend near him said, if the bill passed, the chances of peace -would be increased and the dangers of intervention would be lessened He knew it had been said that wars were entered into for the purpose of providing dignities and advantages for the sons of the upper classes ; but he would ask whether as much blood had been poured out and treasure wasted in the whole course of Wellington's campaigns as had been lavished during the last four years of war in America, and yet, according to the dictum of Lord Russell, the latter war was waged for purposes of Empire, which could not be in any degree imputed to the Duke of Welling ton's wars Then as to the improved chances of peace which would follow upon the lowering of the suffrage "When the Russian war broke out meetings were held all over England by the trades' unions, and resolutions in favour of going to war with Russia were passed He remembered being present when a number of trade delegates met the noble lord then at the head of the Government in the lobby of the House They came to express the wishes of the bodies with which they were connected, that war should be waged against Russia The noble lord asked them whether they were aware that war meant increased taxation, diminished employment, and other serious evils, and they replied that tho were quite aware of those things, but that still they desired that we should go to war He did not mean to deny that if this country had been exclusively in the hands of the upper classes we might not last year have engaged in a war for Denmark against Germany, but that showed the danger to be in either extreme, and he rejoiced that the Government was not in the hands of the aristo- cracy nor of the democracy, and he was sure that in the interests of peace it would be best to leave things as they were at present Then as to com merce. He would ask those who supported this bill whether they believed that by cxtcmhi g the suffrage or by traiisicmiig power to the working classes more enlightened views would prevail upon the subjects of commerce and the distribution of the natioml burdens When m Ammca the 1 ice trade South broke loose from the Piotcctionist North, the t-rst proceeding of the latter wiB to establish a piohibitivc tanfl of the seieicst character » he \\\ ostcrn States-producing States-agreed to saciitice then interests to thove oi the cotton sptuncis of "New Lnglnnd snd the iron nniiufnctuicrs of Pcnnsjhanttt He was nnnie that the bon member for Birmingham saul that that writ, the doifig of ti e middle classes m the United States, anti that' I he commercial classes of Amcuca, like the same classes m other countries, fiom the uncer taint) of then possessions anti the fluctuations of thor niteiesls, nie alwii)s timid and ilmost nlvva)« conupt lho) seemed to have conquered their mindil), but the) might have rcmuincd timid and ccnupt to nil ctenut), nnd the prohibi- tive tmifl would not have passed but for the imiftlc proneness of the multitude to pi election m c\ei) rnnnficition ol the commercial s)«tcm "Whntiieio they to think of the political cm! * Mi Sumner, in ndvocnting the repeal of the Rctiprocit) Treat), gravel) announced tint the Ameucnn producer annuall) pnd as i gift to Canada 17,000,000 dollars, because the Customs duties on American mnnufnettnes cime to that nmount If wo lookeel to our great lustrnlmii colonies, wheic the Government \vns in the hands of the masses, what did vv c find5 The) w ere making ducks and drakes of all those principles which Free Tiadcrs had been urging upon them for so main voars It was no wonder thQt the Associated* Chambers oí Commerce tv ere sennd i li«cd and nstonishcil, ind that the lion member for Bradford, to whom the) appealed, was equally astonished and grieved He was informed that a successful endeavour had been made to impose a protective dut) upon ever) article of consumption thnt was mnnut-icttired m Victoria, and so determined were they to maintain a protective s)stom that the») would not allow a bill to pass which was intended to remetí) the mequálit) of the sc\cs m that country Here was an extract from an Australian local paper -"An effort was made by Mr O Shanassy, in the Assembly, to obtain a grant of XiiO.OOO this v eai in aid of assisted female immigration we regret to say the proposition was defeated, partly through the opposition of the Government, but chiefly through the ultra democratic section of the House It is a fact that the males in our population outnumber the females by no less than 150,000 Of course, good female servants are scarce, and m demand at rites of wages varying from £30 to f40 a )cnr The want of a continuous How of immigration mto our temtor) is one of the main causes of those occasional penis of stagnation in trade and coirmcicc of which the mercantile communitj, both here nul nt home, have reason to complnn It rcnll) seems at picseni to be hopeless to expect an) thing like geneions, public spirited, andJar-sighted legislation Irani our Asscmblv This is one of thopenal tics which r&ust; ever)where be sometimes set against the enjo) ment of perfect popular frceelom " It must be remembered that these men were born in Ln"land, that the) hav e in Australia the same in- stincts and piejudices the) had in England, mid that in England the) would exercise their povvci in the same wav as in Australia (Hear, hear ) One argu ment bael been used, that though the mass of work ing men might make bad lcprescntatives the) would be sine to choose good men Ile had a letter from Australia, in which there was the following passage, dtbcnbin¿ the class ol persons chosen m Australia - " W c have all been ighnst, like Lngland, I suppose, at Gladstone s Reform speech (Laughter ) What does he menn b) talking oflowcnng the franchise' If he lind seen it work, ns we have in these colonies, to our bitter cost, he would not have tilked such (Hcic was a complimentary epithet he would not repeat) (A laugh ) We have had our Pailiiiment dishonouied and degnded bv the wretched place hunteie and elemagogues that a low suffrage has forced into power, and "\ letona is frying to retrace her steps and to îaise the suffrage again as the only path to legislative iesj.ectabu.ty and efficicnc) We have seen nero the best men among us, of position, education, public spirit, stainless intogrit), beaten hollow b) publicans, railwa) porters, ex-ploughmen, stump orators, and idventurers of every grade Feople in Lngland who do not know the colonies often sa) or think, ' Oh, but things are so different m the colenies ' ' and pic- ture our ' best men ' successful diggers, or vulgar rich people but little above what raehcals call 'tho people ' You know it is not so You know what sort of mon Haines, Sladen, Tane, Sturt, Stawell, Macknight, and others of the same stamp arc Well, under vote by ballot and universal suflragc there is not one of these, except Haines (and some men always get in), that would have the ghost of a chineo with the low est rutilan w ho had money enough to pa) for nobblers, or words enough to tell lies to an ignorant and selfish mob " (Cheers ) He appealed to the lion member for Salisbury whether that was not a correct representation of the ficts (" Hear, hear, "^from Air Marsh ) (Cheers ) The Chancellor of the Exche eiucr said it would be centunes before the English people would act in the spirit of democracy, or would forget the old traditional reverential feel- ings , but he forgot that, of all the States, Virginia, in which there were some old ties and a local aris tocracy, went fastest down the steep when democratic institutions were introduced into America (Hear, hear) The lion member for Huddersfield had argued that the radical differences of opinion were so great among working men that they would perpetually differ among themselves, and that there would be every chance of a Tory slipping in Certainly, when the working men did differ, it was the wisest and most moderate of them who were overruled, and when any great class question arose, no doubt there would be the most complete union among them On one point they had been distinctly warned that these men -would be a complete union among them, and that was the readjustment of taxation which had been sketched out by ,h« hon memo»-» for Birmingham in very elenr terms (Hour, hear) Here was nn ei tract from a speech of that hon gentleman, which foreshadowed that union -" Vvciy man who goes to you i colonies repudiates your polity, repudiates yom debts, and thinks Heaven that he hns nt Inn found a country where industry can hnvc its rcvvnrd, and where men miling themselves Btntcsmcn are not using cvciy engine ot Govcn mont to deprive him ot the prodiiLC ol his industry and to diminish the condoi ts and independence of his family And you, landed proprietors of England, remember that, however many of your countrymen may emi j,rntc, youl ncics remain, and you will hnve by and by n di fièrent tone m this House after anothei reform in Pnrhnmont \our succession dunes will be over- hauled, ¡uid will not be got ml of so easily as at present \our property tax, which you aie assisting the Chnncclloi ol the 1 xchequci to throw over, vvdl come back in an mcieascd piopoition *\\\ hen they hnvc the povvci, ns they shortly will, to lay taxes, on those who have «pent tin. money, you ma; depend on it the poor will not always <,o to the wall, mid the rich will not always esc vpe " I he last point on which he would touch was one on which nil I iberils wen united- nunty of election Mi Holyoake snid thnt bullery was the rich man's convenience, nnd would never be put down by a nch mnn s parlia- ment, but here vvns a spirited description ot what happened nt an Amonenii election, which ho lind cut out of the A cw iori Junes -'"l'lovidonco, Wednes dny, April 4, 18G0 -Bevond a doubt the continued Democratic und Conservative Republican Ticket is successful m this State flic greatest exci-cment lins attinded the election, andeveiy device which party tidies lould suggest lins been employed by both pin lies to «-«.ure their success 1 ho open purchase of votes lins been a remarkable feature ot the day Hie voters, when led up to the ballot box, would with one hand drop the ticket, and with the other receive the bribe (J iiightcr ) lhcncgio vote rated high, sonic colouicd ¡bicthrcn receiving oO dollars each Individuals of comparative wealth declined to vote unless paid to do so Voters publicly put them silvcs up for purchase Bids would commence atlOdollms mut run up to50doUirs O reit good humour and merriment prevailed all day 1 ho excite ment was intense Bands of music, banners, decorated waggons, and lured conveyances of every description paraded the sticets from early morning till now Iho announcement of Pndolford s unsuccessful attempt to bribe the town clerk of Cianston undoubtedly lost lum a large vote In other towns wholesale bribery w as cv cn moi e open and outrageous Bontircs, cannon, liquor cash, mid excitement abound Hie Demócrata arc ii voicing thnt, with their registry taxes nil paid by the Union parn, they will go into the Presidential tight stronger than ever Good ordci his been main- tained throughout 1 very body drinks, but everybody nppcnrs to be used to it ' (Laughter) \11 hese things brd bien w eil considered eluring the last few y cits and hid Mink deep into the hem te of every rellccting n nu (llcai, heir) It was because the state ot fhnifs abroad vvns so well known that the cry of Hcform had fallen so suddenly dent! (Hear, hear ) No doubt vigorous efforts hnd been made to flog the dead hone, but no start hnd been got out of lum (Hear, hear ) Thi i enl danger to the Constitution did not anse from tnc discontent of those who had not the franchise but from the apathy of those who hid it. (Hear, hear ) Wcro they disposed to yield to elim ours He asked them to cill to mind some of the qncstu ns on which there really had been climour m this country I ct them take the Ballot I hey re numbered when some yenrs thnt cry lind been the tiuc stnn p and ring What vvns it now 5 Hie subject of one speech each y ear 1 he question vvis always disposed of before dinner time-(a Hugh) nnd tv cn the most ndvnmcd Liberals in the House ciiuked then joke nboul it (Hear, hem ) lhcn let tin m look ni the Ghuich lhirty years ago many Chimlnrtn were reidy to give the struggle up ns lost, pamphlets weie written which declared that the Church vvns at an end, nnd'a largo party m the Chunh were ready lor n dismcmbcimcnt which seemed inevitable But m what poMtion was the anti Church agitation now 5 Why lind it failed 5 Because the Church lind struck its roots deep into the benns mid nflettions of the noonie Hon gentlemen vvntned them not <.o be deceived by the extraordinary quiet which now prevailed, and reminded them of foi mer days-ol whnt happened before the passing of the hill ot 1832 But the House knew perfectly well whnt was the state of things nt that time In tolerable nbuscs existed, there were sinecures and pensions, the miserable system which pre vnilcd cnnic home to tlic feelings of the peoplt, and the country was nrouscd But whnt vvns the condition of the country now5 lhcic vi is tranquillity everyvvhcie, and upon everv subject 1 o talk of the gi eat agitation of 1S32, when Biiinnvlimn thicatcned to march on London with " the bill, the whole bill, and nothing but the bill," m d compare that with this cnckling of I eeds ' (Much laughter ) lu the midst of this cackling, the other dnv, a v oung Dnv id appeared among the men of Leeds, mid with n lew little round pebbles from tlic brook, i oflued to |,iv e battle to the Anti Hcform Phillis mes, which it was to be presumed the I ceels people felt i tumble to do themselves (Kencvv ed laughter ) And now when Mr Mill offeicd himself for Westminster, w ith a certibcnte from Mr Beal, it seemed to bo thought ncccssniy to lune it countersigned by the orach» In 1832 theie was something more than a catnlogueol mi- nor complaints, an encyclopedia of unimportant facts, a common place book of crotchets and devices to settle the most simple questions Such men as Pngland hnd in lb12 lnglnnil nlvvnys would have when she was nrouicd, but such men England hnd not now because she vvns not nrouscd , and it was because he believed I nglnnd would not be roused to the support of such rn«h and dangerous propositions as those con- tained in the mensure now before the House that, without fnltenn,,, misgiving, or hesitation, he would say ' .No, ' to the motion to rend this1 bill n second time But, equally vvithoit faltering, misgiving, or hesitation, he would say ' Vye ' to any bill which would provide for the enfranchisement of those of the vvoikmg clnsscs who were entitled to the conlidenco of the country (Cheers ) Sir G Gicy followed on the part of the Govern- ment \x Iiii!>ii Di.ki -Grattan's dying ndvicc to his tons wns, ' Mwnjs be ready with your pistols" His countrymen mid contemporaries were much too ready, nnd (except in the article of bloodthirstiness) furl) mailed the 1 lench nnd Americans When the duel oetvveen Alcock and Coldclough vvns fought, m 1807, there vv ere ten or a doyen magistrates and two or three thousand freeholders and othei spectators on thegrcund Ihe combatants were biothcrs in law, and rival candidates for their comity, and the quarrel, purely political, vvns forced upon them by their sup- porters Alcock wore spectacles, to which the second of Coldclough objected ns unfair After scone altercation, it vvos agreed to decide by a toss up whether both or neither should wear spectacles Coldclough lost, and was provided by a pair lent by a bystander On putting them on, he declared that he " could not see to shoot his own father ' Hie crowd wns such that a lane was formed of living bodies, through which the combatants vv ere to fire, and on ovci-cunous spectator, leaning forward, received a ball in the neck Coldclough was killed, and Alcock's reason is reported to have been fatally shaken by the event -J razer's Magazine Ihe Latí Sin Benjamin Bnonir -This distin- guished surgeon wrote a short autobiography, which is now prefixed to his collected works lie wns all his life a successful man In 1810 he married upon £lo00 a year, tn 1823 his income, from fees alone, amounted to ¡GCoOO, and, steadily increasing year by year, was rapidly augmented in 1828, when "sir Astley Cooper finally quitted London The retirement of that brilliant surgeon threw into Mr Brodie s hands a great deal of operative suigery, a " department of my profession," he says, to which I was never much attnehed " In 1830 lie was called in to attend George 1Y for dropsy, and in 1834 ho was elevatcd to the rank of baronet " I cannot say" (we quote his own woids) "that this had ever been any great object of ambition with me , yet from the way m which it wns done, I could not but feel gratified by the honour con- ferred upon me ' In truth, political rank was never his heart's desire Prosperous as he was in his pro fission, with an income ot about £10,000 n year, never exceeding £12,000, he felt that he was overworked, and that what he gamed m money h" lost in comfort 