GAPTAIN* MAYNB'S EE PORT UPON". A LBEQ ED" il'^^VEROHAIWES IN' TUB" PURCHASE OP ^ 'B,AILAVAYIIRÔNJIN'ENQIJÀMD.,'_'";; ?'?«?;,_ .Tho ifollowing is tho document laid onlhotablo tho Legislativo Assembly, ''by Mr." Smart,.'yoatc day:>-. ./ i "30, Cannon-street, London, . r " 21th April, 1805. :".Sir,;-tIIavinj» roforonco to your .katta: of tho" 21 Novomber, I havo tho honour ito ondoso for tho info matron of tho honorablo tho Secretary for Puhl Works, my report on tho purchase of railway iron f tho Government of Kow South "Wales. " I havo tho honour to bo, Sir, " Your obedient servant, *-.ttz;'*r\ .'.. .. ..- .- ".AV. O "WAYNE, ' . " Agent for ¿ho colony of Now South Wales. . " To tho Undor-Secrotnry for Publio Work Sydnoy, Now South Wales." "jlEPOnT. " Tn pursuance of tho instructions of tho Honorah tho Secretary for Public Works, under- dato tho 21st < November last, ' on my arrival in England to invest gato into and report upon all tho circumstances cor rioclod with tho purchasoof railway iron and thonctun valuo of tho rails and chairs so purchased,' I lost n ?tinto, on ..roaclu'ng. Lqadoa in'addressing .myself to th inquiry directed. " 2. Mr. Hamilton, having in MB lotter of tho 20t; of January last, placed tho Government in possession o full'and detailed 'information respecting,tho modo o obtaining and dealing with toaders for railway ¡rou, ha rendered it- unnecessary for mo as records that to d mort than; referring (bo.Secretary.for.idblio Works t that communication, to stato in addition that I hnv soon and osaraincd tho specifications and tandera, am Captain Gallon's abstracts of these, with tho ncceptei toaders noted ; and that, following tho acceptance, havo seen and examined tho reports rando from timo t< timo by Mr. Fowler's assistants, detailing their super vision and inspection of tho work in progresa at thi factories, tho .teats, they. applied,rond.tlio. results ; al thesb leaving no room to doubt that watchful super vision was exercised and stringent means adopted t< secura tho material being in each caso in striot accord anco with tho specification. " Mr. Hamilton hos also in his lotter of tho 20tl January last so fully disposed of tho question ol differences between tho prices quoted in tho liconomiat and those charged to Now South Wales, that it is un- necessary for mo to encumber this report by repealing as substantially I could but do-what ho hos writton on tho subject. I havo only to say that all my in- formation onliroly bear) ont what ho bas slated on the general,.question, pf .differences,.hotwoen,quoted Ipricos and "those for materials under stringent conditions. "Proceeding from tho question of prices paid to tho actual valuo of tho railway iron supplied, I sought to obtain ; introductions to -gentlemen largely connected with' railways, gentlemen competent to nfford mo tho information I desired and thoroughly reliable from position, cxporionce, and absoluto disinterestedness ns regarded tho ma tiers and persons involved. Tho first ofLtboBo to whom I applied- for information, (having .boca introduced, to him by.arplativo pfj mino) was Mr. Henry Woodhouse, resident engineer of tho southern division of tho"'London and Norlh-westerftL-Itailwfty: Company. Mr.:-Woodhouse haschargo of somn COO miles of roil,- over which passes a traffic certainly greatoMhan that of any other COO. miles, in tho. world. Iïis 'practical "oxperioncö of all that is connected with pormaapnt way. matorinl, "is," consequently ."[wide and ample. His intelligence and.capacity aro vouched by his-having, for ycars^ io.tbopntiro. satisfaction of thc groat company ho soryes, held tho important oEco ho fills., ' Proceeding to , Stafford ifor . tho pur poso,,, I -¡had ; an , interyiow with Hr., ¡Wood, hoiiso, Í ond having ' placed in his honda tho specifications,!,sovoral,pf tho tendera, and .cpntraotrs, and prices paid for permanent woy /material-supplied to tlioi Gbvornmont of Now South Wnlos !duriiig,tbo years 1850,1800,1801,1802,.nrid 1803, haviiiginiso handed to kim -tho official report to thc quality of tho material £rcad tóitlio;íABsombly'by; Mr.; Secretary; Holroyd"] togothp'Kwith Mr. ÏLilrpyd'a roported " testimony na toi tho state ot tho rails after, fivo pr six years 'wear,, with a1 request thatho would, after having gono,through and considered tho wholp..3 .matter^- favour ; mo.; with' HIS OpiIUOn as IO IUD lincea uugituu um oaiil." And" having iii subsequent "interviews will (tfr.'-WoódhóÚBo'J ;nftór- lib-had road ahd'carofullyeon îidered tho' ; papers,'discussed tho mailor in'detail nnd a lousfdornblo length,"> hoi gávo; it' to'rabas his distinci opinion, having regard! to tho spcoi fledtions requiring ai exceptional inako of rail," to'tho tosts' hoing very sévère to tho-quality of-\ tho material as proved, by thoso' tests ind by-actual'wbaivnnd to oK thtr^rcirriiBtandea-^thSti with'-Üio' oxcoption of' oho ' lot-1 'o£' 94-> tons;' tin prioes.iclwrgod-'and ? paid -woWnot in "excess ' o tho currone.' ralos' of tho periods for -materials of- thc quality: supplied, or- inoro than 'sullioiont- to givo^th'nl reasouablo and fair profit which tho iron' and every Huer trade, properly and .-prudently, conducted, hast right to claim .and. to secura,--: ,'.> .. ;j <?'. . '.,¡1 . "4. Tho following .wore, I-, havo satisfied mysolf, .thc oircumstaiiccB. ia which tho'Ol : tons referred to in thc preceding paragraph .woro.) obtained. Captain Galton mentioned, in n communication to Hr. Fowler, thal Lord Dudley's works 'were' making very good iron ; and nndingLtKaV )nb v,tohdcr bau boon sont in, ..from.. -those,-! .works" recurred-;-to UH Bubject'.ínñ (.second' communication- to Mr.' I'owler. Lord Dudley s nianagcfr"^hön ^tendered ' as a sornplo ' to1 .snpplyTOO tons'/at £Ö'f>orrtöh ; rind tlib'tdnder .wot àccbptéd for Ol'tans by '/Captain Galton, ' doubtless foi tho purppsb bf'testing th'o'qii'ality pf, tho iroVi thtit hail béén rnóhtionod 'tp^'him' as very'good. Tho result' ol tho'.'oxpPriniont' I 'lloyd 'no¡rnpnns, of tracing; biit ] presumo'that tho railway department.cán 'íurniBh'it; ' "5; Co'nsidofing ' it': dcsiráblo tb 'havo, n second enliroly impartial, indopende'rit, and 'reliable opinion drawn from comparison pE ' tho ' prices' paid; by railway companies' iii 'England with 'those paid "hy thc Goyomrnont of Now South Walba; T.obtnmbd-nh intro- duction to . Mr. Forbes,.' tho gonornl manager of tho London, Chatham,', n'nil, ..Dover railway,' "a ' gentleman standing' high; in 'public' estimation, .'for ability, cs perienco, ond intimate 'practical' aequalntance,ivith all connected witlrraiHvay managonlont ¡ mid placed in his hands tho wliolo of tho documents which I liad svib mittod to Mr.-Woodhouse, with a request thot-ho-would havo a comparision pf tho prices made, and would favour ..mo'with his opinion on tho wholo.question. Mr.-Forbes very kindly consontod to do so, and placed ; tho ' matter -for comparison kv tho hands of- nn assistant-whom ho know to bo porfootly cpmpotont to tho task. Having carefully analysed tho comparison, mada between tho prices paid at periods most .nearly approaching cooli olhor' by somoof tho great ° railway companies of England, and by tho Government ;,o£*Now!South Wales, mid' having con} sidercd tho documonts I Im'd put "boforo him, Mri Forbes gavo it to mo os bis distinot opinion, that iii tho casos whore tho ' prices charged to Now South Walloa.... wera , higher ....than. .,thoso . charged ? tb'- 'tho ; English " companies, '' tho difïbroiieo was fullj' 11 and satisfactorily accounted for by tho different 'conditions ian'd' circumstances ;.nnd having regard to tho gonerally stringent nnturo of tho BpcfcificaliOnsr but especially to ono íparticulnr condition iu-thom, not'usual, but : decidedly ; favourable tb tho Govornmont (a., condition, to' which 1 contractors: aro 'extremely, aversp, as ¡ involving possible loss to a con; 'sidorablo:omouiit,'oadifor whioh. ;tboy would certainly chamo an iiiorcnsed ralo)-rio' tho severity bf tho tostB which, from Mr.-'Fowler's Jtilowñi character ns tb supervision .Sud.' inspection, contractors would regard ; na ?'?.certain; to bo applied to tho quality-.-of tho ; material'-, furnished;.; and -jSrovod by actual ' wear-!-to.- tho; ..difference to bo taken into consideration on account of doli very at (ho docks instead of at tho railway station convolving cortain ad ditionnKeost and'pussiblo' Jolny'and'ldsa'tollio contraol tors) £^and ¡ (9 xtx Jho oirouinstanocs, that tho prices paid by tho Gbvcrni'nbiit ¿C Nbwf Soul h*\VáIe's for lhb"nmtoridl supplied, wera i not in oxccisol tho,currant rates oC tho periods ,'fprV material jbf, ¿quhl bunlity ¡'.','and t)iof thb ;0otony had' h'eou uprightly'- abd fairly dealt with ill tho matter..:''.'',. ?"."; 1.: I''. .' ,''. i " 0. Tho .spcoial condition .jbi ,tho spócificntioná' re- ferred lo, na' unusual aiid,disliked'by tho contractors ÍB ' to'b'o found ivhbro- aftbr'-sthigont provision for, rsupci! VÍBÍOII nnd testing nt tho contractor's works-tho spoct -floationBgoon to say " But notwithsrnnding BUCII teBta nnd iuspeotion, any rails .may bo rcjoutod on dolivory which in bis, irr. Fowler's ju'tlgiiiont,' "oro dofeclivo in any.'respoar.innd if Inbönr'should 'bo requirodlfor turn- ing over .md examining tho rails at tho period of delivery, 'the r maaufaaturor -, ,is'. to supply - it.'' iThisv' .it.-, will.- bo, ..flooh, : , continuos ...tho ¡liability of tho contractors tphavo, tho rails . under .Ilia tormc oß tho ; epaei flcalions without. ! appeal? throw» book upon their hnnils, af tor having incurred tim cost of carriago to -.tho.port/ and to havo ioitbor lo noll Hmm thus depreciated. by. rogation nt any piico obtain oble.'er to, itiour: tim itirtlior cost of cam'ngo bock, TJuHhiorlion oC BUOII a condition. BIIOWS,' I oonBÜcr, that Mr. Kowlor, lias «ought very .carefully lo guard tho interests pf thu colony in tho watter, and has not wught .to court or .to .conBul) tho ^ contraotoi 'The importance''Wd^'^atui^of'Btnngéní-'áliil Aw . ihildorcd'meoBUrcfl to'securo permanent -wnyirmteri of-tho kind.best suited to tho particiliar traffic, and in special degree of lasting quality, in a caso where freigl and labour so materially enhanco primo cost are i obvious, that they cannot fail td'bo recognised. "7. Mr. Fowlor, it is right to mention, has tl character of ccrrying out very rigid supervision an inspection, and of applying,sovcro tests: and this ia matter which, I have had conclusivo proof brought ( ino, materially rroighs with cohtraotors in malting the; tenders. As dircpt effects'' of this, I may montio that I liavo soon tho letter to d railway company from manufacturer wlio had offered td furnish material ot certain price, and who on finding that it was to bo sui j oct to tho supervision and tests of a particular engince (not Mr. Fowler, but ono having -a liko' character fe strictness) -drew baclc; from his'agreement ; 'but, nn this is a concession in tho'circumstances, offered ti furnish tho material subjeot to'tho'required supe-rvisioi and tests,' ot a roto however 15s. a ton over tho prie named boforo ho was awaro of - who tho inspectim engineer was to bo. _ " 8. Every person with whom I hove been in commit nicntion respecting tho matters involved in my inquirj has, on being told that tho tenders had been invited on! dealt with by Captain Galton, in an instant said that BÜolr being tho casby- tho colony liad tho very highest frunrantco that . universally \ recognised professional ability, exalted character; and unblemished honour could afford. .' ' 'i ?. 0\. Mr. Fowlor*s high ' professional standing,,hat very largo and profitablo bmploymont, : dependent or tho uprigl'.t dischargo of duty, his character for stricl "and watchful supervision,-nil aObrd guarantees for thc faithful dischnrgo of professional duty ; and tho strin- gent natu'ro of his '? specifications ' and tho effects provo that such' dischargo of it has not been wanting. _ "10. Guided then by tho concurring opinions I have gi von, emanating from ablo, experienced,' and practical mon, nf tor investigation, and .consideration of tho mat- ters submitted to them, having regard also'to AU. the facts arid circumstances,-I have to report, that I con- sider if beyond doubt'that in tho' purchaso of.pernia^ nont woy material during tho poricdsin question, tho colony was zealously, fnithfally,,and'efficiently served, and:was not charged for tho material supplied at. prices in excess of tho' fair current rates of tho periods,1 for material of tho "quality obtained undor tho -particular 1 :" W.'Ci MAYNE. . " Agent for tho colony of Now South Wales. " 2dth April,. 1805." ' ' ' ; ' ; ' - ! ,. TICE Cnors.-Tho continued absence 'of tho long prayod;fbr blessing bf rain."has within tho'past few days completely , disheartened tho formers, and tnkon 'away' the last vestige of hopo remaining ns to tho safety: of thoir crops. Tho oats aro now thoroughly lost, and the wheat is rapidly displaying 'moro conspicuously its scared and yellow tinge,-and giving up tho ghost libo all tho other withered'fruits of tho soil, sd different front tho appearance under which wo have been in tho habit of viowing them nt this season of tho year,- decking and beautifying tho fields, tho gardens, and tho meadows, and- cheering tho :hcart' of man and bóastj and all things , living, but. which. aro now all rapidly succumbing to th'o' samo inoxorablo ín'tó of prematuro decay and ruin. Tlio picture is truly a dismal ono. Ai great number of our farmers havo, during tho week,' turned their cattlo into their Holds to cat down tho grain; preferring by thia means to sayo, their beasts, and trust to tho truant rains ' that mny'sct in- horeaf ter: *for a second crop. - Braidwood Dispatch. HscocnAGEMEXx TO ?TA£TZST:~PJ ouriifidvorlising columns, it will, bo seen, .that a prize of Î1 will ba givon by a public-spirited individual who wishes, to forward tho riponiug of , budding.poetical, genius, as\a reword for tho best original-production of n resident of .this and tho southerly district., - Wo hopo that all our poota and poetesses will oxort themselves ip. tho, mean- time, and 6hoW| .that a, colonial author was not far .wrong whon ho said that Australia, comparatively speak- ing, ranked higher in tho possession of pootio genius tha.n nio8t.of'tho European-countries;.; Should i this bo successful in oliqiting a work of morit, wo have no doubt that this prize- will provo to ba only tho first pf a series.-Kinma Indonondont. ' . ;' A 'HEAVY/ LbssJ-Wo' oro sorry to hear Hint a .-wei known carrior, William .Woolnough; ha's lost fifty on< pound notes and ten fivo, pound notos, eomowhen Ijotweon Delirium and Conargo.,' Ho-offers 'nroward'o; £50 for their recovery, but, considering that it blow lt gn)c_on_tho day. tho notos._were lost, tho .probn!>iljty_o tbeoo being recovered is very remote. Tho honk o: Now South Wales, wo bolibvo, will: bo'tlto gainor, ani add thia " contury" to their already largo profits fros destroyed,notes, ;\ Since tho above was in typoiwo hav< heard that the leathern bag onolosing tho notes has been found, but-empty.-Pnstoral'Times. ,. , , . ¡ ' ; .FREESijr.EcrioN.Pjo.'is.-:The; \VaggaWnggn Exprcsi says :-Wo wore informed (his week that Mr.:Mptt. of tho Border Tost> has oxprosscd lye intention,of publish ï.papor in ,Wagga Wacgnj. to bo dOvoted,tb tho, advan- tages pf frco wlootibn." .'; , ' i ' : , ! : ,, 'Mn. i ILinanAVES.-Tito Rockhampton ; Nows, of October-21st, says :- Mr. llnrgraves, tho. first-!-to all purposes .of public utility;-discoverer of gold in New Sou th.-Wales, has arrived in Rockhampton, for tho purpose of visiting tho Peak Downs, pud :, reporting unOn tho mining capabilities pf tho district; mora espe- cially with regard to ounriz reofing. Mc-'Hargraves' mission assuiucs an oilicial and important; aspect, as upon his report dopende tho countenance1 and capital to bo given by Now South Wales capitalists to bur mining interests. Wo trust, therefore, ovofy possible information will bo - cheerfully.given him, so that ho may bo placed Iii a position to form a corroot judgment. It is alleged that in thobvont'of. n ,,prouii8in(rClopening bcing'skowiil .no difficulty .will lio found.in stimulating tho- commoncomebt- of operations on a. lnrgb/scolo, ns certain. SydnOy .capitalists avoyery impressed with tho specimens' froni tho.Peak.Downs dfstriotf nnd' only await "h" rousbriablp 'aesiirancb as" to ' tho extent,anil aVer'ngó prospoot Of our'quartz',veins! ' , ' . A' CANDIDATE.- Ono'.of tho homo papers reports' ns follows:'-Ono of tho mpst nmusing, scènes nnywhoro during tho ólóotions occurred nt; tho nomination for Berkshire.'' In tho last Parliamoiit tho country was'roj presented-, by two '. Liberals, Messrs. Bouverie! ' and Walter, along with a .Conservativo, iTr. Bciiyon.' Tho result, of/tho present, election is that Messrs. Walter and Bouyório aro: turned out, and thrco Conservatives got in; "Besides Waller and Bouverie, tho Liberal cnn dido,to was Lord. Uflhigton, oldest son, bf tho Earl of Grovou. His lordship doesrnot'scom.particuUrly; gifted with oratorical power. Tho Consorvotivps,' with a vlow ,of j satisfying , their doubts of his capacity,! commis- sioned a ,;shbrlbund-\\\'riter to 'talio down, vorbalim tho speech ¡ri which' his lordship attempted to expound his pdlitical'crccd bil tho huntings, nhd havo published ¡t in tho Standard in ordor to justify thoir rejection of liim. Lord Uffington'is a captain in :tho. Guards." 'Thé report runs, thus : - ' G on tlemon, -I atti, in favour of tho' Government that havo,' governed tho'.country for.,thoInst six years, nnd lam of opinions-I'nm of opinion-T-should bo uphold. (lloro ho stoppod jOnd looked steadily into Ina hot, ondit hoing obsorvcd.tknt ho was endeavouring to read somothinp;,' a voicb cried out, ""YTou'vo got moro in your hat'than in your head, guv'nor.' ) Tho Conservatives havo boen. op. posed for six years lo everything which lins boon' for 'tho pnblio good.- (A voico : "Potch it out of your hat," followed by roars, of laughter.) lloro it is, (Tho honbfoblo candidato Inking n pieooof pbpor out of -Ilia hnt, held it up, which' waa followed hy, row's of laughter.) It's all very fino'1! if 'you think iv's uneasy^ thing; you just como up'tiiifl try. (Roars of laughter.) At nfl ovèhts,' thoy maintained podco,!nndl if tlioy had . had it thoir, own way, this ; inestimable blessing would have; been sacrificed,' nnd^nud-(oVypfcp: '* Oh,'db . help tho young man, prny"-r-rpars bf Inugjitcr)-at all ovents ,'thoy mninfninod penco.' ' As ioVAmbrlcii,' ' they 'evidently wanted to light tho Southern Slates. ,<A 'voicp, Who's your hatter ?'\\) ^Who's yours? ' (Loud laughter,^ Öu.thosp- grounds, ponjlonic;n,,I shall 'sup, Íiprt, tho present t Porlianiont. i . (Boars. of lough tori) ; J lone you will do tho saine. (Rorièw'cd laughter.) Lord lillington had during thoso remarks been prompted by tho Bight lion. 35. Don verio and Mr.- Barrett ¡ und bis own party put thoir .. hands -, up to their faces, niid,Beçraed,jvéryruiSçônifortrtblo. Af tor somo minutes had pasBcd.tho hóAórablo candidato1'said-^I'don't caro. (Laughter.) I don't -want to speak. (Shouts of laughlor/ and' n.: voice-'íQívo 'i us i auiong, .then, governor;;' *'Sendrliim- back t.to school,.' Barrett;*' " Lot's havo a follow-that's got. somo littlo, brains,",) If ¡you lind- bod threo eonwrvnlivo. members whore would lim vp bcon tho troaty: with bronco ?-ilouÜ laughter)-ono of -tho. best : things out-over so long,, for tho lost, I should i say, hundred years-(this sentcneo wnB .brought out in such a hesitating manner, n word nt a time, that.it,produced roars of laughter)-; which not only presorvod podco with.tho two nations, hijt dovolopod-developed-(tho noblo candidato boro , turned, round to I hose behind him, aud inquired, '' What; ls, it?" which inquliyiproduecd convulsions of laughter,) Well, gentlemen, 1 am not 'a spoakor,' but I intend to voto straight, (Cheers ond loud laughter.)' " 