I THE COAST OUABTOWrY'ffS TALE., I . Croad evening, «ir.* \- ' Good evening. - A flneTughtí'tlüV." * Yes, sir-A nioeish sort of night., Pity for as we don't have more of them." The scene was on the Bouth coast bf Cornwall,'where I bad retired a few days before the commencement of tho long vocation, to seek a short repose from the tur- moil and worry of tho law ; leaving behind me the old time-worn buildings of Lincoln's Inn where the old sun- dial, with its quaint motto,"* seldom looked at, and still seldomer heeded, is perpetually reminding us of the frail tenure by whioh we hold our lives ; leaving the barristers, in their gowns and wigs, hurriedly passing from courts to consultations (or, in other words, from fee to fee) t tho lawyers, in their block dress, and with their bundles of papers under their arms ; and the office, boys, with big bags, stuffed full of-what it would be' hard to enumerate-briefs, cases, opinions, and all the' other multifarious paraphernalia of the profession, evidently looking upon themselves as no mean part of their respective establishments ; leaving all this busy) scene (and only too glad to do so), to soik a little repose a little rest and quiet, in about the quietest part of. England. ' I had taken rooms in a little village about : half a mile from the sea ; and the short walks gradually extended, the regular hours and the quietness of every-, thing internally and externally was fast bring me round ; again, when the circumstance' -1 am about to relate took' place. lt was a fine moonlight evening, and I stood gazing ; out of my window at the few strangers still passing up i and down-the village street, when a sodden wish came into my hoad to toko a walk along the cliffs by moon light. I had often thought of doing this, wondering j what sort of life tho Coast-guardsmen had of it-those men by whom evory inoh of England, so they say, is : walked round every night, as they pace up and down, ' night after night, and year after year; and BO I re- solved, at last, to' put my long fancied scheme into exeoution. I had been sauntering along for about half a mile, looking at the blue waves "reaching far and far out into the distance, and chequered here and there by tho dis- tant sail of some fishing-boat, gleaming silver in the moonlight, and at the long golden track, reaohing from faraway up to the baso of the cliffs- the footpath of the fairies, as 1 had boen told long ago-and poopling it in my fancy, with tho light spirits of tho air, tripping along in many a fantastio maze, on the glittering Burface, and calling to their sister sprites in the water below, whon I waa startled by an approaching footstep, and looking up saw a man close to me, whilst the inviting smell from a short pipe quickly recalled me from my fancies to a sense of ordinary existence. AU that I noticod of his dress was that he had on n rough-pilot coatí- with a low hat, while a thick walking stiok formed hiB only apparent weapon of offence and defenoe. In short it was with" him .that the sentences ' first above written* were exchanged. , I soon found that my new acquaintance was ono of that very body of men that I had so afton pondered about ; and BO, having fallen into conversation, I wulked .on a bit with bim. '.I suppose you don't havemuoh to do now besides .walking up and down, do you ?' ' Why, no, sir. There's not so much doing as there used to be, once on a time, though I have seen some goings on in my time-. Mind where you are tread ing, Bir !' ho exclaimed. * The cliff is not very safe along the edge, and if it gave way you would be smashed on the rocka below, like a poor follow I knew was some time ago. God rest his soul 1' ' What of him ?" I said. ' Did any one fall ovoi here ?" .Why, no, sir. He didn't exactly fall over, and il wasn't over this cliff, noither, bnt tho one we shall come to next, My beat ends there, and as I am a bit before my time, I expect my mate won't be tip for ten minutes or so ; and, if you like to hear the tale, ' though it's not so much after all, I will tell you on the spot where it all happened. Indeed, to say the truth, I shall be very glad of your company, for it's a whisht t spot, and, often as I have waited there, I am always glad to turn my back on it again.' We soon reached tho bay by the light of the moon. After looking along the cliff, to seo if there were any signs of his companion, and, not Anding any, he sat down on a stone, and I lighted a cigar, and, taking my place beside him, ho began : " It is not so many years ago, sir, eight or nine, may be, when a young gontlemau came down here, as it might be you, to »pond a month or BO-our town being a quiet sort of place, like. He wasn't a bad-looking sort of fellow, and had small and white hands. Indeed, most people would have called him handsome, though there WOB always a kind of look about his mouth I didn't like to see. Ho was' staying up at the Minors* Arms and there soon got tales about tito town of the way in which he and two or three other wild young fellows about hore, as thoro are everywhere, used to go on ; the sitting up at. nights, the drinking and card playing, and the wild freaks thoy used to be at. But as he always had piont} of money, and paid his bill ovory week (it was by his own wish), Polmarthen, tho landlord, sir, nevor cared to say anything to him. Ho was a close, mon, was Pol- marthen, and no doubt he made plenty of money out of his onstomer ; but it would have been bettor [for bim if ho had never let Mr Hendon under his roof. His daughter, pretty Kate Polmarthen, as she was always called, was the prottiost girl for milos about (I see you guess what's coming) and many was the glass that had beon emptied in'her honor. Anti many a young man, would havo given much to have stood well in; her good graees; but, though sho was a bit of a flirt, ' there was none that had over found favour in her. eyes but Saiph Tregarva-a likely young fellow os over was seen. Folks often wondered how it was that old Polmarthen ever allowed his daughter to engogo'herself to young Tregarva, who was only ti fisherman ¡ but though the old man loved money much, be loved his daughter more ; and though I hear there was some trouble about it, ye_t'in tho end, ho gave woy to her in thiB. It was,not'long, however, after Mr Hendon came down hero, that a change seemed to come over poor Kate. She would sit silont for hours, and if Ralph came to try and oheer her up, she would spook sharply and harshly to him, and then Bometiracs burst'into a flood of tears, and bog his pardon, and kiss him, and tell him that ho was the dearest and best of men, and that she was ' not worthy of him. I was a great friend of his, and I gathered most of this from him ot the time, poor fellow. I was sitting in my cottage', one day, towards tho evening, thinking it would Boon be time to be going off on my beut, when young Tregarva burst in, with a face) as white as a sheet, and scarcely able to stand. 'What is the matter man,' said I ;. have yon seen a ghost?' but he staggered to a chair and fell, rather than sat, down on it, holding his face between.'hiB bandB whilo tho big sobs that burst from' him seemed to shake him from head to foot, though not a tear foll tltrough his fingers. I stood by him for somo little time, but he seemed to grow worse instead of bettor and at last I laid .my hand on his shoulder.. ' Come Ralph, be o man: what is this all about?' Ho turned on me like a tiger. ' Leave me alone, ourse you. Bo you too mock at me ?' and, with ono spring hojwns past me, and out at the door like a madman. ' I^lpiyed in haste, greatly alarmed OB yon may supposejaBlifcould soo nothing of him.:. There waa a mist risingjsjond any one would hove been invisible at any moderate" distance ; and it was with deep forbiddings that I went my rounds that night. When I returned to my cottage, I noticed a small piece of paper lying on the floor. - It ex- plained all. -It was a lottor from Hendon to Kate, evidently written in a hurry, and was nil crumpled up as if it lind.been,olonohcd in the fingers. No doubt it had dropped from Ralph's hand, though how he got it I do not know. ' It left no room for doubt. Ho urged her to fly from tho village bofore her condition became known and promised that he would provide for her. Soon after, I heard more. ' That Borne evening Kate Polmarthen' had disappeared. That morning her bedroom had been found empty, and . she was gone. What surprised others, though not me, was, that her father made no search attar her-for he made noce. Ho knew only too well why she had none. Hendon was still in the village in order, I suppose, to divert all attention from himself, ns he was not aware that the note had been' found, Ralph and I each keeping our own counsel. What need to publish the certainty of her shame ? Wo heard nothing of Ralph for throe day B, when he returned and went about his work just as usual, but recanting ueraely any mention of the past. His manner, too, was quite changed. Oh ! so haggard and wild he looked, and with a dogged kind of sullenness in placó of his light-hearted gaiety. Even to me he never spol¡o now, and one or two attempts I made to draw him out into conversation were mot with such bursts of rage that I was obliged to leave him to himself. And now I must come to the most painful patt of my tale. You Bee that the bay below is closed in at high tide, and the sand gets! quite covered. It was high water about half-past eleven' on the September evening, when I was on my boat, and a bright night just like this. I was walking along the top of the olid", just where we are now, when 1' thought I heard n voice down below, on the beach, which was nearly under water., Surprised at this, I looked over; and I saw that there was a figure there, and that he was * Ex hoc"niirà»nto pondent atemltu, Í Cornish for 11 äuJU-melancholy." rushing «hont, and shouting up. T*aMsld recognise tb« voice' of Hendon, «nd called out, 4 Holloa, there 1' ' Help ! help !' he cried. ' I am - cut off by the tide. I can't swim. Send a boat. For God's sake help me,' So it was. Sauntering along, I supposo, waited there, and. found himself cut off by tho rising tide, whioh would bare been the ease an hour and a half before I saw him ; so that he must hare waited at least that time with the water gradually rising higher and higher. But what was to be done? True I had a rope, uud instinct- ively I had taken it out, but it was only a short one, about a dozen yards long. I always carry a bit about with me. It often comes in useful ; but what good was it now P I could not descend tho cliff, and if I loft my boat and went for assistance he would be drowned long I before I could return. Even while I hesitated I heard a step.behind roe, and "Ralf Trogarro stood by my side. « I can go down that cliff,' said he, in tho measured dogged tone he had always used sinco then, though thora seemed to bo ' jin expression of savage exhumation in his tone that'night that modo me shudder. ' I will go.. Giro me .that.rope.' ' Good God !' 1 exclaimed,, it is certain death.' While I spoke, howerer, ho had snatched the rope out of my bands, let himself over the edge of the cliff, and was going down hand-uuder-hond, clutoliing at every little bush, and every tuft of grass. My head swam watching him. One slip, and he would have fallon, literally 'smashed* on the rooks below; but he seemed to beor a charmed life, for still I could soe him going down, further and further, crawling like a lizard, till, ho wai' only, some oight or nine yards from the bottom. There he stopped. There is a flat ledge of rock thora, and he lay down on it. ~~ It was a still night, and I could hear him OB plainly as I could yon, sir. 'MrHendon,' he called out. 'Oh, thank God you aro como at last !.' I heard Mr Hendon answer, ' Here I am ; how can I reach you f ' 'I have a rope with me. If I throw it can you get up hereT 'Yes, yes; be quick, be quick. The tide hos risen up to my knees, and I am half dead with cold.' 'Just so,' was tho strange answer of Tregat va, 'Quick! quick! do not trillo with me ; I shall drown.' * You will not"drown for half.an-hour yet, Mr Hendon,' replied Tregarva with a laugh. But such a laugh-it sounded like the laugh- ter of a fiend. ' Oh, for meroy'B Bake, bo quick.' TSiercy!' echood Tregarva. -t Such as you; have shown shall be shown to you. Where is Kate FolmortbenP' 'I do not know ; I do not indeed. Quick ! the water is over my knees. ' Liar,' roturned Ralph*, heedless of bis agon- ising entreaties, ' I have ventured my life to come here. Bid yó*u think it WBB to save you ? No ; it WBB to secure my revenge. Never shall you come up here alive. Listen to me. When I heard of her flight, I was among the first to visit her. house. Her father found a letter from you, telling her .where to go, and that you would meet'her. She had dropped it in her hurried departure. But never .shall:you meet hör in this world. . .Liar! Seducer! Your last hour is come. I have but to throw jyou this rope and you aro safe. Your lifo is in my hands! but had Ia thousand lives, and were each of ithem'èntwinod in your one, I would give up all-all, to punish you.* Again the scream arose-' Mercy ! mercy!' ?Meroy!' again echoed Tregarva ; 'such mercy as the lion shows to lus prey, such shall you have. You shall die wr'etoh-die in your BÍIÍB ; and as the water mounts higher and higher, think of hor whoso body and soul you have murdered-think of me whose poace of mind you, in your wantoness, have utterly wrecked, and Men ask for morey. Never.* Oh, that I oould forget the fearful scene that ; followed. The wretched Hendon, as the water mounted higher and higher, while, each wave almost toro him away from his frail .hold on the projec- tions of the rock dung to tho cliff, shrieking out mingled prayers and blasphemies in his agony, while tho relent', less wares came dashing in, rearing up, with a hoarse boom, against the rocks ; while, above all, rose tlie fran- tic yells of Tregarva, ns .he exulted in lus terrors and Sufferings, like a wild beast over his victim. The crisis arrived. Ono mountainous ware came rolling in, and while his death shriek still rings in my eora, Hendon was torn away from his hold.. His white face appeared gleaming amongst the spray for one moment, the next he was dashed ,with fearful force against the rocks, and the next a bleeding and shattered body was borne out to soa. .Ralph was roasoonding tho cliff, when, losing his scanty foothold, ho slipped away. : For ono moment he hung suspended from the shrub ho was holding, and then as the roots gave way under his weight, he fell-down into the sanie tomb to which ho had consigned his victim. His body was nevor found.. . That of Hendon was re- covered next day, and an inquest held.- I was tho prin- cipal witness, and h verdict of * wilful .murder' was re- turned against Tregarva. I have little more to tell. Poor Kate and her babo lay side by side in the church- yard. And now, sir, can you wondor that I don't much like being hore all alono ? But I see my mote is com- ing, just in time, so I will bid you good night, sir." "Good night." And I'returned to my lodging, a sadder and more thoughtful, if not a wiser man. CO. "Wii.Br. . -Once a Week. 