THE spirit of encroachment and aggres- sion upon the rights and functions of the Legislative Council, which has been mani fested by the Legislative Assembly, at-the instigation of the M'Culloch Ministry, renders it both desirablo and necessary to examine in what way other communi ties besides our own, which have also sprung from British stock, have inter preted tlio nature of constitutional Go vernment as vested in their respective Legislatures, and as apportioned between tbo two. separate branches of these several > Legislatures respectively. The common parout of all sueli constitutional Govern ments, ns those to which wo desire to di- . rect attention, has been the British Con- stitution us exemplified in the two Houses of Lords and Commons in England. The important problem which the British co lonies have had to work out for tlicm- r selves, in this matter has been how best to transplant to these now communities the true spirit and practice of British Parlia mentary Government, without exaggera tion on the ono hand, or mutilntiou on the other, and at tho same time to' adapt it in a well fitting manner to the new and pecu liar .circumstances of those colonial com munities. The American colonies were those which wore called upon first in order by their number, their distance from tho mother country, and their peculiar cir cumstances, to work out this great problem upon a scale tho most extensive, and in a manner tlio most complete, so as to mako them tho truest models of tho successful adaptation of British Constitutional Go vernment to tho conduct of public affairs in newly-peopled countries. The Consti tution-makers of tbo Transatlantic colo nics caught the trno spirit of Bri tish Parliamentary Government in its bestsensc. And they ombodied that spirit in a legislative framework, of a kind that caused the actual operation and practice of their Parliamentary Government to carry out strictly and precisely the true, mrpose of the British Constitution. _ On jocoming free states, theso American colonies perpetuated, in their new exist ence, tho same character of Constitutional and Parliamentary Government, which thoy had created and enjoyed in their colonial condition. They are therefore beacons for our guidance hero in Australia, wlion wo find ourselves, as wo now do, in search of tho most fitting way of work ing out tho spirit and practice of freo constitutional states in tlio arrangement and disposal of tho rights and functions of tho Legislature as composed of two soporate chambers. If in our unavoid able divergence from tho features of the original model presented by the British Parliament, wo have to somo extent lost sight of the true British Constitutional spirit, in framing one or other of tho two Houses of our Legislature, we shall find tbo right clue to genuine constitutional reform in the legislatures of the Trans atlantic States. A brief reference then to tho characteristic features of these legislatures as exhibited in the privileges and functions conferred upon the two separate chambers of each respectively, is by no means out of place under the circumstances, of tlio present moment in In transferring Constitutional Go vernment to colonies and new countries peopled by the British race, it was not possible, nor was it over attempted to reproduce a perfect fae simile pt ono at least of tho original British Houses of Parliament, namely tho House of Lords. An hereditary peerage, possessing a I iouso of Legislature solely representing its own aristocratic order, and whoso members were not elected, hut took thoir seats in tho aristocratic chamber by virtue of their noblo birthright alone, or by the nomination of the Crown, had no ex istence at nny time in any colony founded by Great Britain either in America or elsewhere. There could not therclore possibly bo anything having the sem blance of a House of Peers established m any British colony, even it tbo desire lor such had existed. But tlio necessity was nevertheless recognised for two Houses composing tho Legislature m cnclico ony or separate State, iu order that there might be no ill-considered or hasty legislation, nor any of the dangerous con sequences to life, liberty, and property, which tho proceedings of a single, un checked and dominant Legislative Cham ber was fraught with and would bo sure ultimately to produce. Tho second Chamber or Upper House was, from tho causes stated, necessarily an elective body as well as the Lower House. It derived its origin from tho Sovereign people, as well as the Lower House; I ,l l1.« nrnw AD rtllP i ifHTl <3 1 11 f',1 VG lusc in inc nivmu — 71 „ Council owesits origin to the people as well us tlio Assembly does. The framers 01 tbo colonial or state constitutions 111 America, therefore, in apportioning tho privileges and functions ot each J Louse, I respectively, took carc to recognise this populnr basis of the Upper as well as of tho Lower House. In conferring the powers, jurisdiction and privileges ot a Legislative Chamber upon the Upper House, they made it co-ordinate with the Lower in all respects— the co-equal in authority and in the power of law- making. This was duo to its representative cha racter ; and the statesmen of tho Trans atlantic continent recognised tho obliga tion and gave it its due. But to prevent the one Chamber being a mero reilex ot the other, tlicy. nt the somo time, pro vided for a different character and stand ing being impressed upon the Upper House, by means of a different mode of election, and a greater duration of exis tence, as comparod with the Lower House. But the functions to be dis charged and the privileges to ho enjoyed, in the matter of law-making, were, as we've said, made Co- equal, and co-ordinato in both elective bodies alike, for the reason that they were both _ elective bodies. Ono or two instances will sullice for quotation. Iu "Virginia, for example, tbo first section of Article I v - ol . tlio Constitution declares, that " the Legislature shall bo _ formed of twe JiHtinnt hwnnnliAC Trl'ilfill tflffitllOr Rlllll. be a complete Legislature, and shall bo called tho General Assembly of Vir ginia," Section II of the same Article I declares that " Bills and resolutions may; originate in either of the two Houses ol the General Assembly, to be approved or rejected bv the other, and may be amended by either House, with the consent of the other." Here the co-ordinate right is plain and emphatic, in reference to both | Houses. And ns an exemplification of how thoroughly tho American statesmen, wlio framed this State Constitution, un derstood the nature nnd practice of Con stitutional Government, the lGlh section of tlio same Article may be quoted, as bearing in an cspeeial manner upon the unconstitutional practice, which is put in operation at tho present moment by the M'Cullock Ministry here in Victoria, in conjoining two separate and distinct sub jects, namely — tho Turiff and the Appro- . printion of the Revenue. in one and the same bill. This section 10 of Article IV. of the Constitution of Virginia says: — : ""No law shall embrace more than one object, which shall lie expressed in its title." Finally, section 25 says : — " The General Assembly " — that is the two I I-Ionses of tlio Legislature, as sot forth in the first section, already quoted—" tho General' Assembly may levy a tax on incomes, salaries and licenses, etc , etc." In the Constitution of Now York State, section 13 of Article III. declares : — "Any bill may originate in cither House of the Legislature, and all bills passed by one House may bo amended by tlio other." In Massachusetts, clause 7 of section III. chapter 1 of tho Constitution says :— " All money bills shall originate in the House of Representatives ; but the Senate may propose or . concur with amendments as on other bills." In Illinois the Consti tution. says, in section 21 of Article III. — " Bills may originate in either House, but may be altered, amended, or rejected, by the other." In California, the Constitu tion declares, in clause 10 of Article IV . : — "Any bill may originate, iu cither IIouso of the Legislature, and all bills passed by one House may bo amended by the other." Wo have selected these instances ns showing the practice of tho various Legislatures, in tho oldest as well as tho newest, and in tho freo as well as the slave States. In this British colony of Victoria we have not so well succeeded, as it is thus shown they have in the American States, in combining the check of an Upper upon a Lower House, along with the preserva tion of the privileges and functions due to an elective body, in fixing the status of our Legislative Council. We have restricted its functions with respect to money bills to accepting or rejecting, without power of amendment. And in so doing, we have failed to carry out in praetieo tho true ideal, which tho Americans present us with, of the constitutional, structure and operation of a Representative Legis lature composed of two elective Cham bers. In attempting to transfer to this remoto and newly-peopled coun try, tho spirit and practice of Repre sentative Government, we have allowed ono of tlio representative Chambers of our Legislature to suffer mutilation, in part, of tho rights and functions which were its due, as an elective body. And i now, instead of aiming at such a reform as would- amend this defect, as well us popularise more fully its present basis, tlio Ministry for tbo time being, and the Lower House nre attempting' to effect a change, which looks in a wholly opposite direction, and which also tends to trans form, in fact, our Legislature into a single, uncontrolled, overruling Chamhor, which threatens to become Legislature and Exe cutive, all in one. Tliis is to attompt a revolution in favour of despotism, l't is . illogical, unjust and tyrannical. . And if not out short at tho outset, it will, at no distant day, bo fatal to popular liberty. The home. public havo had enough of tho New Zealand war, and General Cameron's demand fer 2000 fresh troopshas not only been refused, but the authorities in London have repeated their orders for the with drawal of half the regiments at present in tho country. Wo cannot wonder at tlio intense astonishment and indignation of thcBritish taxpayer. Ton thousand British .troops havo been in the island for scvoral years, and in addition not less than 10,000 militia and volunteers have at ono period or other of the conflict been in arms : and j vet in spito of all these battalions of tho line, naval brigades, local levies, and con tingents of voluutoors from neighbouring colonics, tho enemy, but a handful . m number, is not yet put down, and the struggle still lingers! N evei'thelcss, the troops arc not at fault, the General is not incompetent, and tho local Government, whatever else it is to be blamed for— and it deserves blmno for many tilings is cer tainly not to blame because tho Maori has not yet been caught and quelled in the field. It seems truly marvellous to people in the old country, but wo predicted at tlio commencement that if a war with those tribes was to be entered upon and continued until they were tho roughly subdued, it cotild_ not uo dispatched in a season, or iu several seasons, but would necessarily last lor many tedious years. It is nothing to tho purposo that the adversary is so weak in numbers ; and just let us observe how few his numbers are. No calculation on tlio subject lias hitherto been put forward, but why should we bo ashamed to exhibit an lionest estimate ? Is it not pertcctly obvious to anybody acquainted with tho I nature of tho New Zealand country that it is tho smallncss of the hostile bands winch constitutes one of tho greatest difficulties I in our path, and that it is this very few ness of tho enemy's numbers winch helps I to frustrato tho efforts of our soldiers to really get at him and tcrminato Ins re sistance? From the returns forwarded , to us by our special correspondent in New Zealand during the progress of the Waikato campaign, and which were based i on tho official statements in Auckland, it appears that the nativo census lor tho entire island was then set down at not more than 30,000 souls— a groat falling oil from tho 50,000 which constituted the Maori share of the general census made a few years before, and a terrible diminution of the 112,000 at which llu'FENDACtt computed the nativo raeo at the beginning of tho century. Their population we can hardly doubt lias been considerably reduced sinco by the con tinuance of a desolating contest, for though comparatively many lia.vo not perhaps fallen by the sword, tho displace ment of clnns, and the hardships at tendant on their shifting about in the wilderness, must be seriously aggravating the causes to which their rapid disap- I pearauce has been ascribed. We will, I however, set down the total at 3G,000 still, of which a third are warriors, adult mnles, for tho paucity of births has lor several generations been a notable eir- 1 cumstance, a sad presage of tlieir near I extinction. Well, of those tribes more than two- tlnrds havo not formally de clared against us. Those on the east coast, where tho race is most numerous, I have not done so except in tho Tauranga I district; nor in Wellington province, ex- I cept in the Wanganni district ; nor in the North Peninsula. But nevertheless dc- ' tacliments of tho young men of tho > 1 majority of those pacific tribes have from , I tinio to time gono and joined tho instir- i gents. Oil the other hand, a few of tho smaller septs, ono near Lake Rotorua lor instance, and ono in tho Wanganui coun try, have espoused the Pattella sido and attacked their insurgent neighbours. Estimating a third of tho dons to be under the hostile banner, and adding the volunteers from the tribes still at peace, we cannot rato tho total of the enemy's forces at over 5000 men, and wo believe tho military authorities on the spot would bear us out iu assorting that this figure is over rather than under the actual fact. Let us consider, then, that tho island which is tho scene I of war is one-fourth larger than Ireland I or Scotland ; that tho greater portion, almost tho whole interior, is a wilder ness of tangled forest, of hills nnd plains covered with long fern, or . of rugged I mountains, mainly unknown nnd unex- I plorcd by Europeans ; and that the sottlc- I meats of tho whites are dotted roiuid the coast, onlj stretching inland a short distance, except near Auckland. Let us just consider these circumstances, and we will find 110 difficulty in comprehending how scattered guerilla Hands, mustering in the aggregate no more than 5000 men, can always easily elude the inareh and the search of our columns, need never fight except when it suits tlicm, can disappear when thoy ehoosc, and select their own time and place for attack or for resistance. As for our forces, they are swallowed up in guarding the salient points on the frontiers of the various colonies, which, I according to Bishop. Selwyn, straggle over 15,000 miles of ground. But low troops are left for active movements, and 1 we can therefore excuse General Came- I ron for asking for 2000 additional soldiers; if he is to prosecute the war or do uny- I thing move than stand on the defensive. Nor could 2000 fresh troops, as the reader can sec for himself, bring matters to an early conclusion. No doubt, by tho tedi ous process of road-making, the country will bo gradually opened up, and no doubt by 'tbo hardships of the wil derness tho Maori will bo gradually worn down. But all that is slow work, would be an afluir of years yet, for the native, naturally resolute, is uow despo- rate. The Pai Mariro fact — the fact that he has even renounced the religion he rc- ceived from tho whites, and of which ho Trna nnpe sn iirflenfc a nrniessor — suffices alone to show Low intense is his sense of wrong, his belief in our enmity, his hatred of everything Pakclia, and his determina tion to maintain resistance, however finally hopeless it must prove. The wnr is an unpleasant one for tho troops engaged, ono in which glory is hard to reap, for thoy could never expect to accomplish anything sudden and deci sive, from the nature of tho country. And it is disagreeable work for bravo men to be warring on a worthy antagonist, whoso approaching extinction has been long sinco written in the book of destiny, whose raeo will bo only matter of history in a few mora generations, but who is making his last stand .defiantly and gal lantly against tho tread of the encroach ing white man. Tlio Homo Govern ment are acting rightly wo think in virtually withdrawing lroni the con test by recalling so many regiments. But they ought to do one thing before they remove their army. They ought first to see if peace cannot be made, and not let llic conflict assunio tlio features of a desultory, perhaps murderous border business, like tbo strife of tho settlors and Indians in America. There may he diffi culty in establishing peace now that local feeling on both sides is so embittered, but tho Colonial- office, which showed little intelligence in originally suffering tho colonies to be scattered, instead of con centrated, in tbo Maori Island, bare never put forward any statesmanlike project for ensuring tranquil relations between the two, races. Wo do not seo why tho na tives should not be guaranteed their pre sent possessions safe from encroachment by tho whites, and why the interior, south of Waikato, . should not be constituted a distinct Maori territory, acknowledging; of course, tho Queen's authority in tho person of tho Governor. That bono of contention; land disputes, would then bo put an end to. Tho colonists would, with the annexed Waikato country, havo more land than they could uso for generations,' and in a fow generations tho Maorios will bo no more. It may be said that such terms might' not be accepted, but Ictus ust observo that such reasonable term8 liavo never been offered. Wo understand that tlio next hatch of ngri- cuIIutoI lands, amounting to about 500,000 ncros, will ha thrown open on the 23rd August/ It is iutemleil that tho whole of tho s (.lections shall take placo iu one day. The City Council meet to-dny nt tbo usual hour for tlio transsclhm of tho ordinary weekly business. Tlio council will he requested to con sider a recommendation of the Public \4otks Committee for a call of the sh do council on the 31st of July, for tho purposo of considering the propriety of lesclntling n previous resolution prohibiting the construction of any new works until the overdraft at tlio bank litis been reduced below 1,10,000; the resolution lo apply only so far as to admit of the forming of a portion of Miller street, at a cost not to exceed 1.200 ; anil the forrontlon of a portion of Lygott street, at a cost not to exceed L200. The Market Canimitteo will report, in reference to a letter from the lion, secretary to the Central Council Protection I.enguo of Victoria, ashing permission to use the Eastern Market for the purpose of holding a public meeting in tho event of the rejection of tlio Tariff mill Appropriation Bills by tbo Legislative Council, lltat in tho opinion of the committee It is not desirable that tho market should be used for other than its legitimate purposes. Councillor Cowell lias a motion on tho notlco paper in reference to tho same subject, as follows " That in considera tion of the creat interests involved in lite passago of lite Tariff nnd Appropriation Bills through tbe Legislative Council, or their rejection, nnd a possible dead-lock between the two branches of the Legislature, permission be given for the holding of a public meeting in the Eastern Mnrket. or on the onen space uenr the water tank on" tlio Eastern Hill, on snob dny n« may bo most convenient, for the purpose of eliciting the general desire of the people; antl that such per mission be duly notltlcd to the President of the Central Industrial League, iu compliance with an application received from that association." Councillor Williams will propose a resolution for the adoption of the council, expressive of tin lr ahltorrertco of the assassination of President Lin coln, and also of sympathy with tho American people ; one copy of the resolution to he sent to the proper authority iu Washington, nnd ono to Mrs. Lincoln. Steps were taken early on Saturday morning to put Mr. Hervey's estate In tho Insolvent Court. Somo delay, however, took pines, as Mr. Noel, tho commissioner, wasalisent from the city, and his signature could not he obtained to the sufficiency of the bond required from lite petitltioniug creditors. Judge Muleswortli, however, promised to remain at his chambers' till late In tho afternoon, nnd the solicitor, Mr. . I. B. Bennett, who was acting for tho creditors, Messrs. Service nnd Co., proceeded to Mr. Noel's residence, at Hawthorn, nnd tho certificate having been obtained, we understand that Judge Muleswortli granted tho rula nisi. We are informed that Mr. Haines has con sented to stand for the Eastern Province. Mr. Coekburn, Mr. Hervey's partner in two stations in New South Wales, filed his schedule ou Saturday, with liabilities on account of the stations to the amount of L11,26D, and assets LI 307, comisting principally of freehold pro perly at Elsternwick. Mr. Coekburn states in his affidavit mat lie entoren into parincrstnp suit Mr. Hervey in April, 1801, iu the purchase of The Grungle station, N.S.W., from Messrs. Ilervcy and Alleyne, for LOO, 000, Mr. Coekburn paylug ltis moioly of the purchnso money. Mr. Hervey ogreed to stop in town, receive cattle sent to lilrn from the station, and keep the ac counts. The nianogemcnt of the run was en trusted to Mr. Elliott, a friend of Mr. Hervey's, hut Mr.. Coekburn not beicg satisfied with the management, went up to the station himself in 1803\. ' In 1801 and 1802, in consequence of the dry seasons, cattle were lost to the value of LIS, 000. In March of thejpresent y ear, Grungle r.nil another station named Hringajee were sold to Messrs. Learraonth Brothers for L.1 15,000, Mr. l-Ierrey negotiating the sale, and receiving the purchase money, of which lie paid Mr. Coekburn LC101 4s. 8d., retaining L8268 for tlio purpose of uiceli-g bills , which were coining duo for tho purchase of cattle. Mr. Coekburn further swears that no books were ker t, sud that he hss been unnb'e to, obtain a settlement of what is due to him. lie C3iiniutes in his schedule, how ever, that L0057 is due to liiin by Air. Hervey, of which L2345 is ou the partnership account, IHC UlUHUUB Ulltlg IUUUVJ jmiu .w» the rait. The Union Bank are returned as creditors for L2170, and the Bank of Victoria for L1835. Upon the subject of the ocean postal service, the South Australian Register has the follow ing: — " Wo are glad that Mr. Hart has lost no lime in moving for n remonstrance ngninst the British postal authorities on the subject of the, new contract. The Pa llainent will uo doubt warmly bank up the Government in this matter. A final decision is not required to ho sent from this colony until October next. We have there fore plenty of time in which to complain, nnd can also iscertnin what the other colonics think of the. .matter. But we are afraid tlmt little help is to ho expected from iiiem. ATclbourne.' nnd Sydney are r.t daggers drawn with each other. Thoy would not unite and. assist each other in postal mutters under the old contract, and it is not likely they will do su now that the agreement, ns far. as they are concerned, is bBtter then it was before. Now South Wales, too, is in some way pledged to assist the Panama lino, which would not at all suit this colony. Still, an intercolonial discussion would do' no harm as long ns we kept clear of sending delegates to Conferences." We liavo Adelnide papers to the 23th. A de cision has been given by the Supreme Court, by illegal. Two of the Judges, Boothby ami Gwymie, were- of this opinion; the third, Chief- Justice Hanson, maintained the validity of the courts. The Hon. Captain Bagot lies moved in the Legislative Council, a resolution censuring tha GovernmcnTfor n change of action in reference to the appointment of acommissian ou the Northern runs. Genial ruins had fallen in the agricul tural (list! Ids, and farming prospects were good. We give a few extracts from the journnls cIse- where. Our readers would, doubtless, like to know something of a publication whirl, in England, bas recently obtained considerable reputation ns nn authority upon matters of State. We refer to the Owl, in reference to which we find tbe London correspondent of tlio AY id York Tribune writing to Ids principal in the following style : — " It is cs'xpenny weekly, of the size ot Punch, with n title drawn, I think, by Doyle, repre senting a knot of owls in solemn conclave in an ivy busk — soma bewicuc! crtl bebatted. lis contents p/o editorial, paragraphic, nnd joeulnr. It is hUtsriy rebel in lis American sympathies, nnd its bnsc-less assertion tlmt during tha Portress Alonroe conferences, Mr. Reward ha I proposed to make peace between, ilia North nnd Soutli on tho basis of mutual hostilities to England, ob tained credit enough in the city to send up the Confederate Cotton Loan. Wherefore let mo taka off tlio Owl's mask. Itn editor is Mr. Laurence Oiipbnnt, its ' sub' Mr. Evelyn Ashley, sun to tho pious Earl of Shaftesbury and privato secretary lo Lord Palmersteu— which is all I know about him. But here is Mr. Oliphant's condensed biography :— IIo was educated for aud called to the English liar, and appointed private secretary to the Chief- Justice of Ceylon in 1848. In May, 1854, he accompanied the late Earl of E'gin on his special mis-, sion to Washington, being shortly nfter- warda sent to Cnunda as civil secretary and superintendent of Indian affairs in that colony. While In Minnesota, aud comforting himself with the usua arrogance of 'swell' British officials, he got iulo some kind of squabble with a Captain Brown, of the United States Army, which probably developed his auti-Araerican proclivities. After noting as Secretary to tho -Embassy till J uly, 1858, ho rc-crossed tlio Atlantic, and was appointed Commissioner for the settlement of the Tariff and Trade It'gula- Hons at Shanghai, in October or the same year. Returning to England' in May, 185!), ho hconmo Captain ot the West Middlesex ltifie Corps, In February, I860. Again in the Kant he waa badly wounded, indeed nearly killed, in Japan, in an attack mndeby the natives upon the British legation nt Yeddo. He resigned in consequence, aud returned to this country in January. He liss written more than one book, evincing raiher more than average talent, and prohnbly began the present enterprise lroni part pecu niary, part political motives. It sold very largely last year, people arrogating to it much more importance than it deBervts, though any body daeirous of being ' posted ' as lo the hour and the day cannot afford to dispense with read ings by Owl's light." A cose of religious inanla has occurred nt Mnldoo ; tho pnilcnt is n well-known wheel wright of that town, Mr. Robert Heron. The local 'limes has Ihc following referring to the cns0 ; ' lie was a. very abstemious nnd thoroughly sob:T mnn, but nppnrenily of morbid tendencies. The recent dentil of n fa vourite child seemed to have huriicd on the 1m- nending catastrophe, as wllhlx a week of the iiurinl of the child Mr. Heron ciimmouccd to mutter strangely, and nt length the inalndy in its worst form, ' religious mania,' was plainly developed. Ho was attended by Dr. Craig, Mr. Webster and Dr. O'Ncil, of Maldon, nnd Dr. Preshnw, of Caslleniiiinc. But ' physicians were in vain,' and on Tuesday the unfortunate man was examined privately by the magistrates, nnd on the medical tcatimoDy was oidercd to he eentto the Ynrrn Bend Lunatic Asylum, whither lie was forwarded on the enme day The Royal Socioty holds its fourth ordinary mecliug of Ihc session this evening, nt half-pasl 7\. The business will include the following papers: — "On tho Skeletons of the Gorllia in a u - . _ 1 a t II Kst Denfncenw IT nl frtnl tltc wftuohbi 1uumjuiu, uj » - j " On a Discovery of Cretaceous Fossils in Aus tralia," by l'rufessor M'Coy. The following, wiiich is a portion of a letter published in tlio Hamilton Spec tator, Irom it3 correspondent at Dun- keld, furnishes nnother illustrative example of ihc sagacity of the lior.-e : — " An old neighbour of ours, a resident of many years' standing, returning from tho land sale to his home in tho hush, where he hod a job of fencing; snw a stray horse feeding nbout with bridle nnd saddle on. It was a tearfully cold night, freezing hard. After lighting his fire, lie went to catch the horse, which quietly stood still, and upon -our old friend George tnking the bridle in his hand, uetunlly (who shnll say that a liorso has 110 saga city after that) pulled the mnn in a certain direc tion till he came to where a man lay stiff and insensible on the grass. It turned out to bo tho animal's master, who had been' trying lo fiud out his allotment, leased nt the land enlo, nnd getling lost nnd worn out, gave way, to what would tiBve been to him the sleep of death hut for this good Samaritan and the horse. Thinking tlio man was dead, he took him into tiie but, aud for a long time rubbed him with spirits before the fire, and at last had the satisfaction of thawing his patient into life again." An article in the Warrnambool Examiner lias the ioliowlng refercnco to Captain Dane's speech on Mr. Loiigmore's amendment, relative to the proceedings nt tho land selections " It is pleasant to seo a groat mind like that of our gallant member descending to such trivialities. Wo have vet to learn that the police acted in an inefficient manner at the land selections. In a latge crowd, flushed with the excitement of legalised gambling, it was not to be expected that iui proprieties could be wholly suppressed. But even If the police did not discharge their duty, why should Captain Dane attempt lo visit this on tlio laud officers, by seconding a motion which' was virtually one of censure? As to the sligh t accident to the ballot-box, it is a gross ex aggeration to say Hint 'all tha earns' were scattered about. The accident might have oc curred anywhere, nnd, in point of fact, we be lieve that similar accidents did occur at Hamil ton and Camperdown. If the laud officers have made a mistake nt all, it is in supposing tliat they were to he treated as gentlemen, nnd that men like Mr. Loneraoro and Captain Dane would not regard all tlieir actions with suspi cion, nnd be ready to suggest improper motives which did not for a moment occui to them selves." The July sittings of the Maryborough Circuit Court commenced en Thursday. The cases triad that day wei o of an unimportant nature. A dreadful accident, which occurred at Plea- sant Creek on Tuesday night is reported in the Ararat Advertiser as follows:— "James Flo- rence and Michael Moran were at work down their claim taking out cement, when a mass weighing about a ton and a half fell suddenly, crushing Florence in the drive. He was able to call for assistance at first, but soon became insensible. His mate, by most tremendous efforts, succeeded in extricating him, and, at the risk of his own life, climbed the shaft, 85ft. deep, by means of the rope alone, which was wet and slippery, and secured aid to get Florence con- veyed to the surface. The injured man was still living on Wednesday, but so dreadfully crushed that no hopes are entertained of his recovery. The greatest credit is due to Moran for his exertions on the occasion. An accident occurred on the same day to an Italian, near to the Flying Doe reef, Pleasant Creek. He was engaged in cutting down a tree, which, in its fall, struck him on the head, injuring him se- verely. He was removed to the Pleasant Creek Hospital, where he lies in a very pre- carious state." The following return shows the number and classification oi the prisoners in the Central Gaol on Saturday: — For trial before' .the Supreme Court, 17 males, 4 females ; before magistrates, 15 males, 3 females. Under sentence: Hard labour, J 14 mnles, 23 females ; imprisonment, 60 umles. 37 females: lunntfcs. 2'wirIos. 1 fe- male ; in default of hnil, 11 males, 5 females ; debtors, G; contempt of court, I. Total, 226 males, .73 females. . . On Friday the members of a Chinese company at Ararat, were to give a performance in aid of the funds of the iocnl hospital. 1 lie programme of the entertainmcut is thus described iu the Advertiser: — " A grand piny will lie presented, for the first time on Ararat, the following parti culars of which havo been kindly handed to us by n Celcstir.l friend,- end which we liavo no doubt v.ili be read with lute rest by those desirous of understauding the plot of tho play to be repre sented : — ' That play at first time, for siy nation, because mako a great war. It is lime very wild. During this time was one poor man, whose name was Clio Turn, but lie sic that the foe cannot quit now, hut lie will make n peace of. tho war, for ho is ability and great to merit. After, the six nation fraternise. Then six nation will vote tliis minister of State for himself, and order each nation one novernnr and so much soldier coutoy. He return home, see liiin father and niother again.' ThU piece, we understand, is mainly chosen as it effoids the means of ex hibiting the nia-miiicent dresses of tho Chine-o performers, of which there are 5G in number. A Chinese lady, Stag Foue Mai, will lis drawn in her chnriot by four richly caparisoned aud highly trained steeds. After tliis piece t: variety of. tumbling will be introduced, to lie followed by the favourite spectacle of tho ' Emperor.' The whole to conclude (as our Chinese iuformaot told us) with thirteen other piccc-c, which of course must necessarily he very cli rt, or the entertainment will he unusually long." The following mysterious narrative relating tn a case which has caused considerable excitement of liite In nnd near Waugaratla nppeur3 In the local Despatch : — "An inquest was held on Thursday Inst on the body of au Infant. The mother is a young womnn named Elizabeth Kenny, and various suspicious circumstances in connection with the birth cf the child having come to light, an inquiry was deemed necessary. Dr. Dobliyu officiated ns coroner. The first and. principal witness was Dr. Ilallott, who deposed that some time after Mis3 Kenny had entered his service, ho discovered -tiiut she was pregnant, lie brought her to task; she acknowledged tho impeachment, and sued for mercy. This found n response in the doctor's breast. He, with the most praiseworthy forethought, gooa out t,i m ; West's, at the Seven-mile Creek, and cngie ' apartments for Miss Kenny, in the name of jj \ Jones, married and piegimnt, t'ne husband r' 1 siding in Melbourne. What could |lc rao'" philanthropic ? Although tho parents of tb' young lady reside iu Wangaratta, siin h ® j delicacy prevented un approach to thdr present and tho doctor appreciated the reserve, n' attends at the birth (if a still-born child ; ;le sequemly gets an order for its interment. Mlw i Kenny gets well, vacates Mr. West's house ana re-enters the doctor's service. Aud now I'oinu the strange part of the affair. Mrs. West, in cc,m ; pany with afemule companion, omneHinio Wen,,/ j ralta, and sees tho Mrs. Jones of Dr. Hallttt'I creation taking an aii-in outsido his prdiuhe, Mrs. West points out. Mrs. Jones toiler fiitrid" and acquaints her with tho particulars "of ihj acquaintance ; hut the latter astonishes Mri West by insisting that the party is I!n jIr)' Jones, but u Mlsa ICcnny. . Suspicions are nt once aroused, and Mrs. West uvcrs that tin child was horn alivo, nnd that she and tw, of her family heard the child distinctly cry out. Tlic services of Sergeant Moutfort I called Into requisition, aud the body qf tin lufant is exhumed. Dr. Henry, of Benalia was commissioned to maka: the cxaminalioa' but ho threw no light on the matter, lie inertly stated tiiat the lungt floated to the hydro, static test, hut that it might have been due I to decomposition, Bnd the jury closed the bml- i ness by declaring that tho child died during I the progress of birth. Dr. Ilnllctt distinctly I > states that he is totally oblivious of any crv | : having been uttered, aud that the infant was I stillborn. Mrs. West, with two oilier wit. jfl Besses, aver the contrary, and so rests this ' complicated affair." i The four men who were charged with tlio murder of Henry J unod, were bromrht t>«fn,. the Sunbury 1'ollce Court, on Saturday, and re- mnnded for n further period, of seven dajs, on I tbe application of the police. That tho interest which is felt by the Bnllnorat I Volunteers in the probable replacement of Nlnjor I Wallace in his command i> uot simply aemi- mental, the following, from the Star, wlU'shea : I — " The anticipated early resumption of' com- I m tnd by the major is already doing some gyod, a I large number of respectable inhabitants of I Ballanrat, including several who left tho corps I during the recent difficulties under which it Iu i I been labouring, have alreudy declared their wi,- I linguoss to julu the moment nil doubt is removed I by the official announcement of Hie appoint- I ment. It is now pretty well understood that I the re-appointment is virtually made, am! tlist I its official announcement will be soou made." I The ferocity of Ihc Northern blacks is thus I to some extent accounted for by Mr. T. I Elder, a member of tho Legislative Council I of South Australia : — "The lion. T. F.hler I stated that ho was not. at nil surprised I at the outrages and robberies the blacks I had recently perpetrated in the far North, for during a recent visit to that part of the colony I lie had been pained bayond measure to find (lint more tiinn a hundred aboriginals were alimnt I literally ill n slate of starvation. This was owing I to the fact lliat the animals on which they were I accustomed to live, such nt kangaroo, wallaby, I etc., were almost ail dead. The lion; gcntlemnn H urged upon tho Government the necessity for affording immediate relief to those posr creatures H who hail been deprived of their customary nieans of subsistence." The prospectus of tho Gipps Land Navigation I Company appears in our advertising columns, The undertaking, which is to have a capital of I LOO, 000, in L5000 L10 shares, is termed for the I purpose of opening up the trade with this im- portant district, nnd it is Intended to purchase I tho vessels already trailing to the Lakes. The musical reunions given by Madame Carsn- dlni, Miss Chnlher, Mr, F.uqulmison, nud Mr. I Skerwin, nt the I'olyteelinic-lisll, were brought I to a termination on Saturday nigbt. These old I favourites of the public, were accorded a hearty I reception, nud many of the songs were loudly I applauded. I Shakspeare's tragedy of " Haralef," put on I the stage with that careful nttentiau to illustrative I detail characteristic of the management of the I Theatre Royal, was presented nt that, establish- I mont oil Saturday night to a crowded house. I Mr. Barry Sullivan's Hnmlet is admittedly not I only his best impersonation, but in many essential I respects unrivalled upon Die English stage. Ills I conception in which — except in some minor I points of rending, lie follows the most trust- I ivnrthv tradtliiins — is (nfprnr-tpH bv litm I to ids audience with almost wonderful iu- I cidncss. His version has the merit of being I consistent with itself ; in it no doubt is thrown I upon Hamlet's mental condition, apd philosophical I speculation thereon is not left open to the I audience. In Ids delivery cf the solllo- I quits, Mr. Bnrry Sullivan struck us as particularly lmppy. He makes no effort, by dint of n special elocutionary demonstrative- ness, to isolate, ns it were Hamlet's refleclirt speeches from the action ofthe(lrainn,hiite!ioosc« rather, and no doubt judiciously, to Invest the ru with tlmt simple natural eloquence which seems to represent an involuntary revelation of the mind rather than an ordinary outspoken mon ologue: Tim closet scene with tlio (iueou was magnificently acted, aud amply testified to Sir. Sullivan's power ol ' touching tho emotional susceptibilities of his, audience. Mrs. Heir's deficiencies in physique itisable her in some degree from realising the pert of Gertrude, but her performance showed her usuul intelligence anil enro. 1 Mr. I-leir, who enacted the Ghost, was satisfactory, anil Mr. Fitzgerald's Laertes was fnr above the average level of the imperso nations of the character that we liavo seen. Great credit is duo to Mr. Lninhcrt for a really first-class performance of 1'olonius. Seldom, indeed, lias the fine address to Laertes in the second act been delivered more expressively, or with mora natural dignity. The scenery, all of which is new, contains some very fine pictures indeed, interiors nre perhaps Mr. Ilcnuiugs' forte, and in his representations of the grand apartments in the Royal palace lie bus evidently put forth his full artistic strength. His last scene is a splendid coup d'ccil. A very fins effect is also produced in the scene iu which iho dialoguo between llnmlet nnd tho ghost occurs, by the management of tho heavy raassis of shadow. . The audience were in raptures with tbe performance, ami' fulled not to accord tlia usual compliment to Mr. Bnrry Suillvan. At the IlaymnrUct Theatre, on Gnturdny night, Mr.'IIoskius appeared in two of his most succcs-ful impersonations — Goldfinch, in Hol- eroft's comedy of the " Road to Ruin,'' u" Mr. Skeptic, in the iarce oi' " Founded su Faels. Both pieces were creditably performed, and were witnessed by n good nudier.ca. This evoMUff ttio drama will give piaco to eqncst.i.in p'r- (ormnnces, (Jousens' HippwlionKs having been engaged 'fur u limited number of nights. H|0 company of. the Oriental Circus coueists of n full troupe of. equestrians, mule uud female, acrobats, gymnasts, and dancers. 