THE CONFEDERATE STATES. (From the Times Spceial Correspondent.) KICIIMOND, 27th October. Your renders will probob'.y have been so surfeited with the fanfaroinutdes of the Nort hern journals and with the seif-laudatious of General Si:eridan upon his success in the Valley on the 19lh inst, that they will not thank me for recurring to that theme. But it seems to me desirable that they should learn that those extravagant jubilees, assisted by the nonsense, to which Mr Stanton has not scrupled to put his hand, about the presence in the Valley of General Longstrcet and 12.000 additional troops, arc only electioneering dodges in Mr Lincoln's interest, | Upon the very day upon which Early converted a great success into a greater disaster, General Long street, greeted by the enthusiastic welcome, of his old soldiers, was resuming command of the First Army Corps, under General Lee, in the following words : " i.ji. Aniiy Uorps, i'Jth October, ISfi-L-The undersigned, with deep and grateful emotions, resumes command of his Army Corps. Although separated from it since the first action of tiie past eventful campaign, the history of your j share in that campaign is not unknown to him. lie has marked with pride and pleasure the success which has attended your heroic efforts under the ac . complished commander who has so worthily led you. Soldiers, let us not. go backward ! Let the 1st Corps be always true to itself ! We have in the past a brilliant, an unsurpassed record. Let our future eclipso it in our eagerness for glory, our love of country, and our determination to boat the enemy. J. Longstkkkt, Lieutenant- General." The Confederate army in the Valley upon the 19th inst was the same force which was sent there in June, which menaced Washington early in July, and was commanded from the commencement by the same leader, General Early. The only augmenta tion which it had received was the division of General Kershaw, which left the neighborhood of Richmond early in August. The Northern public has again and again been assured that " the rebel army in the Valley has ceased to exist." Yet upon tho 19th inst this same shadowy army assumed the initiative, utterly routed two Federal corns, wliinh in their flight annihilated a third corps of their as sociates, and at one in I ho afternoon of that day the Confederates had captured 18 pieces of cannon, and inflicted upon their enemy a loss of 5000 men in killed, wounded, and prisoners. Unfortunately, at this stage the want of discipline ir. General Early's force proved its ruin. They took to plundering tlu-ir enemy's camps, and, making no preparation against the possibility of another attack from an army which they conceivod to bo utterly routed, they laid themselves open, as easy victims, to the re prisals which General Sheridan, who had coiue late upon the field, vigorously initiated. The artillerv, caissons, and ambulances, all huddled together in in extricable confusion, fell an easy prey to some twenty-five Federal horsemen who were adventurous enough to dash in among them and to shoot down the horses attached to the guns. Mr Lincoln is unques tionably greatly indebted to General Sheridan, who did more, by arresting what would otherwise have been to the Federals one of the most disgraceful do- i feats of the war, to insure his re-election, than all the oraturs who have taken the stump in his favor I from Maine to California. But, although the Federal General regained his l"st eighteen pieces, and took from General Early twentv-threc Confederate pieces in addition, it is indisputable that the Federal loss in men far outweighs that of the Confederat.es. The Vail ey is further than ever from being in the Federal grasp : and although General Sheridan has taken pride in applying the torch to private property with a recklessness of cruelty which is unsurpassed ever, in the annals of this ruthless war, it is not in his power sensibly to diminish the abundant- wealth of this favored region after one of the most lavish harvests which the Valley has ever seen. It is more than ever necessary for Mr Lincoln to keep c large armv, and, move especially, a considerable force of cavalry in the Valley to protect Washington, and 1 seo little pros pect- of Grant being able to withdraw from Sheridan that fine body of cavalry which was so active in the neighborhood of Richmond during the months of May, June, and July, and without which Grant's operations against Richmond and Petersburg promise to yield but little fruit. I have just returned from a long ride along the Confederate lines upon the north side of the River Janies, which commence at Chain's Blu(f, and run northwards for many miles til! they strike the Charles City-road, immediately to, tho north of which lies the White Oak swamp, a spongy morass, which occupies all the space between the Charles City-road and the Chicahominy River. With a full experience of the haifhrds which await those who assume the prophet's ivantle in relation to the future issues of war, I think 1 can venture to promise that against these lines no force of Federals is soon likely to prevail. During tho due autumnal days of October both sides have lately busied themselves in strengthening their earthworks, until it would be a difficult task for either party to surmount his oppo nent's line, even though undefended by men. On the south si ?e of the River James and rn fro'it of Peters burg tho Confederate lines are still stronger, inas much as the ditch in front, of them is deeper and the stockades (consisting of pointed stakes stuck in the ground and sloping outwards at an angle of -V3 de grees') are repeated, running in double, treble, and sometimes quadruple lines. The language of an experienced Confederate artillery officer in re ference to General Pickett's lines in front of Ber muda Hundred was, "'They are so strong that they could be held by a parcel of old apple women." Upon the north side of the river there lias existed latelv, by tacit agreement, a kind of truce between tho (iickets, so that there is no difficulty in riding without any molestation or danger along the whole length of the lines; but upon the south side the firing between the pickets is every day incessant and con - tinuous. and it is impossible to show an inch of head above the works without the risk of a bullet through the brain. The firing is kept up on both, sides with a view to prevent the possibility of desertion. Then is in both armies such weariness of the war that de sertions have been numerous during the last three months ; but latterly the influx of Federal has far exceeded the outflow of Confederate desertions. It is probable that the invitation hold out to Yankee deserters by the Confederate authorities in their general order, No Go, has tended to deplete the Northern ranks, inasmuch as nine out often Federal deserters bring a copy of this order in their hands when they enter the Confederate lines, and claim the privileges and promises which it oilers, and whh-h, T need hardly say are scrupulously extended to them. As this general order may be not without interest to some of your readers, I append a copy of it " General Order, No. 65.- Adjufantand Inspector General's Olliee, Richmond, Virginia, 1 ">lh August. 1834.-It having been represented to the War De partment that there are numbers (of foreigners en trapped by artifice and fraud into the military and naval service of the United States who would gladly withdraw from further participation in the inhuman warfare waged against a people who have never given them a pretext for hostility, and that there are many inhabitants of the United States now retained in that service against their will, who are averse to aiding in the unjust, war now being prosecuted against the Confederate States; and it being also known that these men are prevented from abandon ng such compulsory service by the difficulty thev experience in escaping therefrom, it is ordered that ill such persons coming within the lines of the Con federate armies shall be received, protected and sup plied with means of subsistence until such of them as desire it can be forwarded to the most, convenient points on the border, when all facilities will be iQ'orded them to return to their homes. Bv order, S. Cooi'Kit, Adjutant and Inspector-General." To this order is subjoined a translation into French, and smother into German, and it is eiicu la'ed in the Federal army as widelv as possible, not to mention that it is daily printed iu the Richmond journals, of which many copies find their way into the Federal ranks. Hut there is reason to think that, if its circulation \v?s still wider among the Yankee ?soldiers the fruit that it would hear would be still more abundant. I am happv to report that General Longst ret i". it present quite free from tin nervous sensibil'tv is: iiis right arm, from which tor seme time he suffered. The nerves of motion are still entirely paralyzed, and the arm is almost useless, but he is able slightly | to .move the fingers, and it is the opinion of army surgeons that he will regain plenary use of it ill from eighteen months to two years, when the fnervous tissue shall have had time to repair itself. His general health and spirits are excellent, arid his confidence in the ability of his soldiers to hold the Confederate lines, and to keep the enemy out of Richmond lor an unlimited period, is unabated. It is a strong testimony to General Longstreet's value as a soldier that oi-.ch of the three great captains of t-'ecessia-Lee, Beauregard and Johnston-esteems him equally, nnd desires his presence by their side. Upon the ISth instant, Beauregard telegraphed from Jacksonville, in Alabama, soliciting Long street's company in the West, but it was decided that he could not be spared from his old army corps before Richmond. A Narrow ESCAPE.-Our (Bull.uara.1 Slur) Slockvard I-lill r.nrvpspnnilr-"* tlu- ia write;-!-a A serious ease of stack burning and narrow cecape of six men from being roasted to death, occurred on the farm of Mr George Dunnett on the night of Monday last. Mr II. Exeel's four horse threshing machine had been at work on Mr Dunnett's farm all day, and after supper the men retired to rest. Six of them were in the straw stack sleeping soundly after the labors of the day. Mr Dunnett's house is about one hundred yards from the stack yard. Mrs Dnnnett was the last to retire to rest, and about twenty minutes after she extinguished the candle she observed the ilaie on the windows, and heard the well-known crackling noise of burning straw. She quickly gave the alarm, rushed from her bedroom, and ran down to the stackyard, just in time to save the lives of six men. The fire was so close on to them that they ooiild not save their clothes. It seems the person who fired the st«ck must have waited till every one was at rest before he accomplished his hellish design. This is the second case of firing in this district, and suspicion rests on an individual still at large. The trooper stationed here hag used every exertion to find him, but up to this time lie has not been found. Mr Dunnets's loss comprises two stacks of straw, five hundred bushels of oats. The stackyard and out-houses sre all completely gone, and the money value is estimated at L200. Mr Exeel's loss is one four horse thrashing machine, and one winnowing machine. Mr Exeel's deprivation must be great as by his lossing his machine he lo.;ses the whole season's thrashing, which would have been large. TUB TARIFF.-The Riverine Herald has the following remarks on this subject:-" Mr Francis would wait till the trade of Echuca 'increases of its own accord, before lie would permit public works of importance, which would draw a trade to the port, to be carried out. At the same time Mr Francis is a principal party to destroying our commerce by means of his protective tariff. It is cine to Mr Francis and Mr Yerdon that a large fleet of boats, which would have done a great deal towards increasing our trade, is not placed on cur river this season. We are credibly informed that a large number of Melbourne merchants had made all the necessary prelimi nary arrangements for building ;-ome half dozen steam vessels for the Murray and Darling, for the purpose of trading with Echuca, but that the probability of the tariff being passed has compelled them to relinquish the project. When Mr Francis again refuses us anything that would be for our benefit, instead of saying it must be deferred'until our trade increases, it would accord better witu truth and reason to promise to assist us when he and his colleagues have given up the wild schemcs which are militating so strongly against our interests." A Strange STORY.-The Bathurst Tines of 15th inst. says :-.' On Tiuusdav last, as Mr Jo an Cummings, the youngest son. of Mr William Cummings, ALL,A., was looking fir some sheep in the neighbourhood of Evans Plai::s, he was met by a tail man with a bushy beard, who called upon him to stop. Mr Cummings, judging from his appearance that the man was drank, answered carelessly that lie was in a hurry, and rode on. The man. without further parley, nailed out a revolver and fired at him, but fortunately the cap missed. lie fired a second time with a like re sult, and Mr Cummings gallopped oir Shortly afterwards Mr Cummings met Mr Peter 3).ivis: and as he was going in the direction lie had just loi'r, told him what ha:l occurred. Mr D.ivis pur sued iiis journey, and had not gone far when he met the man who had been described to him, and as soon as lie came up to him the f-Jlow ordered hini to stop, and presented a pistol at his head. The man appeared to be drunk, and Mr Davis was about to ride on, but on being menace:! in a more determined tone, he a.-ked what the man wanted. lie said he ha 1 lost his swag in the bush, and he wanted Mr Davis to !u!p him to find it. The two men then went into the bush, and the man canning his revolver in his baud, and after wandering about for some time, .wii.'ioiu dis covering the presumed object of their search, Mr Davis expressed a desire to go on his journey. This the fellow would not permit, but insisted upon being taken to the Vale read, about six.miles from the snot where they then were. To this, Mr D.ivis observing that the man bore more fire arm-;, unwillingly assented, and journeying in the direction of Dathurst, skirted the town by the Bald lliils, where, having reached his appointed destination, he was allowed by his capturer to depart. From wdiat cause we are unable to ascer tain, neither Mr Cummings nor Mr Davis com municated the circumstance to the police, and it was not until the following day tha^ the aixair reached the ears of Mr Lydiard, the superinten dent. Inquiries were made, cind although men were sent in all directions, it was too iate to track the offender." NATIVE INDUSTRY.-The subjoined appears in the Geehwg Adveriisrr :-u Iicinp and flax have been very successfully grown in the Eellerine <ustrict this year, and with equally good results at Oonnewavrc. The yield is about eight cwt to the aero, and the price offered for the article by a well-known rope manufacturer in Melbourne is L-iO a ton. At JJcUerine the crops of this mate rial have been pulled and stored, and it is in con templation by a few public spirited persons there, to make arrangements with the owners of the old Hellerine mill for the purpose of starting- a manu factory for the production of canvas for tarpaulins and bags, and gradually as the industry gets de veloped, to introduce the manufacture of linen. We are informed that the plant grows luxuriantly in almost any soil, at the same time it is a very exhaustive crop, the"roots going to a considerable depth in search of moisture. The -wheat crop generally in the i'ellerine district lias yielded but poorly, and farmers are ready to turn tlu.iv atten tion next season to anything that gives reasonable prospect of a fair return. A considerable number of old farms are now taken up for sheep grazing. SPAIN" AND CUIIJ,-"We learn from the Ciago 7itttes, of the 14th instant, that the barque Prospector had arrived at Dunedin with 340 tons of Chilian Hour. Our contemporary says Vve have a lew items of Chilian and Peruvian news. Our shipping report mentions thai a line of steamers had been established between Liverpool and Valparaiso, and that, the two first boats had arrived, making the passage in about thirty-five days, after calling at, three different ports. The probability of the commencement oi hostilities between Spain and Peru increased daily. A frigate belonging to the Spaniards had been burnt at the Chiuchas, and, although said to be accidentally, there were sonic rumors as to her destruction Iking the result of design. The cathedral at Santiago, which was burnt down, and the burning of which was attended with an appalling loss of life, is about to be rebuilt on a magnificent scael." A REAL GHOST STORY.-We commend the fol lowing to the notice of some of the many pub lishers of readings for Christmas. -The simple facts transpired in a parish in Roxburghshire this present month about midnight, between a Satur day and Sunday. It was moonlight, but cloudy, hence the night was sometimes clear and at other times nearly pitch dark-in fact, it was such a night as witches, warlocks and ghosts used to delight in, and it seemed to our informant that one of these supernatural visitants actually made its appearance in the said parish at the time above mentioned, and the place was the church yard. But to begin at the beginning of the story, as it was narrated to us by a respectable person who lived in a cottage hard by the scene, and who with his wife and family also got a fright. They had just retired to rest for the night. There was no light in the room but the flickering light of the dying embers of the fire in the grate, when suddenly the door opened, and an elderly woman rushed into the room. She was almost out of breath, and sat down almost ex hausted on the nearest seat. She nearly fainted away. The guid folks of the house recollected that they had forgotten to lock the door, and thought it must be some human being in great distress who had run into their house for protec tion. They gave her a drink to revive her, and when she came round a little, in answer to the question what ailed her. she mut tered out, amid long-drawn sighs, that " she thought the time had gaen by for ghosts, but she had seen nr.e the nicht." In this Tray :-hu proceeded to tell now she lwd gone to pay a visit to her dear departed hushnnd's grave, for there was naeboiy l;ke i cr John. He was aye dear to her. and now that ho was away there was nar.e to rill his place, and she never felt happy unless when she was beside him. Aye,his very dust was dear tc her, and she could spend whole nights beside him yet, though he had been buried now for months. She said she had often before gone and stood beside his tombstone for hours, and no one had fashed her til), that night, when she had got sic a. gliff that she thought she would not get over it. " Oh, me !" said she, " that awfu'-Iooking man. It v/nsna my John. Na, na, ma John had nac ugly-looking, hi;>ek face Tike yon ; and then the awi'u" man never spoke a word, but made tic unearthly sounds, and pointed wi' his hands, whiles up and whiles down, that I didna ken whether he was frae aboon or below, and he made a' sorts of queer manoeuvres. He put his hands up to his head, and looked for a' the world like the black falla wi' his horns. It wasna my John, I am sure, for he wadna hae gliffed me that way, and then he would have spoken to me that I could ha' kenned what he said; but that awfu' man, wi' a1 his screeching, and boobooing, and shaking o' his head and hand didna speak in our tongue. On, that awfu' man, his black heavy face is hunting me yet, and where he came from I dinna ken aither, I'm sure. He didna come in at the gate nor ower the wa'; he just started up before me out o' John's grave, but he wasna ma John. I dinna ken how I got away from that awfu'-like apparition, or how I came here. Where am I ?" So when she had finished her story it was plain she had had a severe shock to her nerves. The family into whose house she came, when they got a light, knew her to be a respectable woman, and when she was more composed the goodman kindly volunteered to accompany her home. On the way they were met by the decent woman's son, who had been searching ever) where for his mother, and, knowing that she frequently visited the churchyard, thought that she might possibly, late as it was, have gone there, for she had been rather deeply affected by the loss of her husband, so much so that there was no consoling her, and there was no keeping her away from the grave %vhen she could get away. It seems, however, that she had got such a fright by that visit that she would not soon seek back to the haunted churchyard. We can only guess at a solution of the mysterious appa rition. A deaf and dumb man, with bushy bkek beard and moustache, lodges in a dwelling over looking the burying-ground. He may have seen the disconsolate woman there, and out of pity for her had gone to advise her to go hckne; but his strange appearance, want of speech, and the signs made by bis hands may have added to the woman's terror, her heated imagination doing the rest.-Caledonian Mercury. !^THE ACTOR AND THE REFUGEE.-A writer in the Grand Journal, after giving an account of Bouffe's late benefit at the Grand Opera, which produced him a clear profit of 17,000f. states that he bad the curiosity to ask Bouffe by what extra ordinary means he had obtained the signal favor of giving his last performance in that theatre. Bouffe explained the mystery in the following terms:-" In the snramer of 1847 I was perform ing at London with considerable success, and among the pieces which found most favor were the ' Gamin de Paris' and ' Michel Perrin.' One evening I had got through the former, and had retired to my dressing-room, when [ heard a knock at the door. ' Come in,' I exclaimed, with some impatience, for I had to transform myself into Michel Perrin and I was afraid the intruder would hinder me, ag I had no time to spare. I was pleasantly surprised by the entrance of Count d'Orsay, who had always been my good friend, accompanied by a gentleman unknown to me. ' My dear artist,' said the Count. ' I have taken the liberty to bring with me one of my friends, a Frenchman, who never saw you play till this evening, and he wishes to thank you for the gra tification you have afforded him.' The stranger then eulogised my p2rformance, and added, 4 Were I not afraid of incommoding you, I would ask permission to remain here while you dress. I have just applaudedyou in the character of a youth; I know you are now about to appear as an old ni;ui, and should much like to witness the mysteries of your wonderful transformation.' Count d'Orsay having added his request to the stranger's, I consented, and my metamorphosis was completed in less than a quarter of an hour, just as a signal summoned me on to the stage. I then turned to my visitors, and said, ' Gentlemen, Michel Perrin salutes you.' Count d'Orsay's friend then thanked me heartily for having satisfied his curiosity, and we went downstairs together. Before we parted, Count d'Orsay said, in a whisper, ' Should you like to know the name of your visitor ? ' and on replying in the affirmative, he said, 'Well, it is Paince Louis Bonaparte.' ' The late prisoner at Ham ?' I inquired. ' Himself,' said the Count. About two months since, when 1 was preparing for my benefit, a friend asked me whether it was to take place at the Gymnase, and I replied that I intended to obtain permission for the Grand Opeia. ' The Opera !' he exclaimed, 1 are you mad ?' In order to realise my design, I ad dressed a petition to the Emperor, and took the liberty of reminding Napoleon III. of the visit paid to me in London by Prince Louis Napoleon. The next day but one my petition was sent to the proper parties, with the words. ' For M. Bouffe, ves! yes! yes! ' written on the margin in the Emperor's own band. And this is how my benefit took place at the Opera instead of at the Gymnase." A GIANT GUARDSMAN.-Corporal Moffat, of the Scots Fusilier Guards, at present stationed at Kelso on the recruiting staff, is believed to be the tallest soldier in the army. His height is 6 feet inches, and he is proportionately stout. Cor poral Moffatt joined the Scots Fusiliers about two years and a half ago, is about twenty-four years of age, and is a native of Leitholm, near Kelso. Previous to joining the Fusiliers, he worked on the Duke of Roxburgh's estates as forester for a considerable time. Growing tired of that occu pation, however, he offered to join the Life Guards, but was rejected owing to his immense height and weight. Nothing daunted at this, Moffatt determined, if possible, to join the Scots Fusiliers, and proceeded immediately to London for that purpose, and wTas quickly accepted. As Corporal Moffat is well known in the Kelso dis trict, he will doubtless he of great assistance to , the recruiting party stationed there.-Edinburgh Qmrant. 