M3ISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS For the following account of recent troub les with the blacks in Queensland we are in debted to the Rockhanmpton News:-" The blacks have, we understand, mustered en masse, and emboldened by the impunity which has attended their most recent murders are manifesting every sign of contemplating new atrocities. They have, as already chron icled, murdered Inspector Hill, speared his troopers, killed the superintendent of Air. Thompson's station-as a sort of commemo ration of Her -Majesty's birthday and annual dole of blankets. and impressed the unpro tected squatters with lively apprehension of future outrage. Now that the Native Police camp is removed from Rockhampton there is no force avaliable for an emergency, and we think it is not for cousideration, but for action, to immediately dispatch a few volun teer bushmen to the relief of the beleagured stations. These incorrigible wretches are really becoming unbearable, and require a regular dressing down. Ordinary morality c.an only be driven into their obtuse skulle by leaden lessons, and if we hereafter learn that the squatters have taken matters into their o vu huids, we shall, in the face of the ter ribm.e t~ oumt:es ren.ining unavenged, not re gard the precedent with disfavour. Even at the present time we have a man in gaol-one Thompson-well known, and respected by those who knew him, charged with the wilful murder of a native, whose death most prob ably resulted from his ,owvn vices, and who at any rate deserved shooting, if, as there is no reason to doubt, he snapped his revolver at the man who justifiably shot him for his bravado. A man with a pistol pointed at him is not presumed to enter into causistical process of reasoning as to its contents or the object of the party presenting it, but rather, if lie has any respect for his own safety and the means of defence, to employ the same to the best advantage. The sooner we have Pompey'and his brethren undergoing abo riginal scpuiture the better for the progress of the colony." The fol!owing is from the Geelong Register of the Itith instant:-" The finest horse out of England, or in it either, perhaps, M3r. Hurtle Fisher's "Fisherman," died on Wednesday morning, at the M3arybyrong stalls, Saltwater River. He had been suffer ing for the laet fortnight from a disease in the neck and throat, but the precise nature of the disorder cannot be acertained until after a post mortem examination. Fisher man was one of the purest blood horses ever imported. his sire was Heron by Bustard, and dam Maiubrace by Shcetanchor; and his value may be estimated by the fact that Mr. Fisher had been offered £7000 for him, on being landed back again in England. He was twelve year old, and won more races than any horse standing to cover in England ever ran for ; winning seventy out of one hundred and twenty races, including all distanced up to four miles and a quarter His death may be considered a great loss, not only to the enterprising owner, but also to the colony at large." A petition, numerously signed by influen tial residents in Benalla and surrounding dis trict, is about to be forwarded to the proper authorities, praying for their favourable con- t sideration of the case of Superintendent Cob ham, whose conduct with reference to the ' disfigurement of the body of Morgan the bushranger, has recently been the subject of enquiry. From the language of the petition the officer would appear to be held in very high estimation in the district.-Herald. A night raid by the Sandhurst police upon the Chinese gamblers was made on Wednesday. It is reported as follows in the Bendigo Advertiser :-"Wednesday night secret instructions were issued by the head of the police department for a raid to be made on some of the Chinese 'hbells,' which are known to exist in the encampment at Ironbark. Accordingly, about the midnight hour, Sergeant Drought and three con stables took a circuitous route to the rear of the encampment. Knowing the locale of the principal gambling tent, they cautiously made their way to the rear unperceived by the scouts, which the proprietors kept on watch for any domiciliary visits of the blues. Collecting his forces at the back door of the house, Sergeant Dronught and his constables made their dash into the room, and suddenly faced between 40 and 50of the celest;als at the table, where sat the banker, with all the implements of his gambling calling around him, while on different portions of the table money of all kinds, from the Chinese coin to the English sovereign, was scattered about in front of the players. A bomb-shell dropped in the camp-the sudden exclamation of Tam O'Shanter which caused such consternation amongst the witches in the Kirk of Alloway -or any other equally unlooked for inter ruption, could not have caused such a terror, such a consternation, and such a babble of sounds. Soeme of the celestials dived under the tables, upsetting money and lights, some struggled for a tirst step in the right direc tion of the door, while others actually took harlequin leaps, through the frail walls and windows of the building, about a dozen of them took courage from their desperate peril and made a rush to overpower the consta bles. When the battle and confusion had terminated, the result was, none seriously wounded, and eight prisoners in handcuff, two and two; each of the constables took charge of two prisoners by twi:ting their t.ils around his left wrist, and iiarchingthem before him. They were not allowed to depart in peace, for as they proceeded through the encampment they were loudly assailed with menaces which they could only partly com prehend; the danger of a rescue was at one time so imminent that one of the constables got hold of a butcher's cleaver, with which he had to threaten some of the more perti. nacious of the crowd who followed. After lodging their prisoners in the lock-u, :: +!f,) lice proceeded to another gambling-ho, -i near Kangaroo Flat, where they arresiaud anuther batch under similar circumstances. The whole of them, along with an immense collection of Chinese gambling articles, and a considerable sum in money, were brought before the Municipal Bench on Thursday, and the examination into the charge re manded to Saturday." Surely (sas tle Riverine Herald) the good times have not passed awayt yet ? We were much amused yesterday at beming shown by a squatter an account against a workman employed by him, furnished by a publican in Echuca, for a two-days' spree. From this unique document it would appear that in that short space of time he had been pro vided with 128 nobblers, one gallon of ale, one bottle of the same beverege, and one bottle and half pint of gin ? With all this "intolerable quantity of sack," we find that in the space of time, goodness only knows how, hemanaged to consume seven break fasts, four dinners, and three teas, and, as he chose to go home royally, he is further de bited with cab hire to the amount of 25s., and 5s, toll, which had also been liberally paid for him. A Gnost.--A bonn fide ghost, and one too of a rathlerliveiy temperament, appears to have put in an appearanae in the neighbour. hood of Castleimaine. The MAA. Mail gives the following particulars relative to the pranks of the supernatural visitor:-" If a large number of persons are to be believed, there is a noted "bleak" house, situate not a hundred milesfrom the junction of the Camp bell's Creek and 'lTarrengower roads, which for some mouths back has been the scene of nightly visitations of restless souls who have recrbsscd the Styx. The tenant of the house is a brawny blacksmith, not likely to easily scared, but both he and his family maintain that, in a certain room of the house, there are nightly such strange goings on, such unearthly noie~, such jumping about of chairs and tables, accompanied by strange moans and groans, that it is impos sible for any of them to sleep, yet on enter. ing the room all is as quiet and still as the air when the winds are hushed. No sooner, however, is the door of the apartment closed, than the pranks and frolics are resumed with redoubled vigor, nor do they cease till dayp light does appear. It is currently reported that incrcdulous neighbours have passed por:ions of the night ii the house, and that the experience of all verifies the statement of the blacksmith. Among the number of perison. alluded to is an energtLie member of tih Borough Councill, and a well-known B nif c, born of no pale-faced fear. It is filmrtr stared that an appeal has been made to a celebrated nautical captain of the district whose long aquanutince wtth Father Neptune it is supposed may have made him sulliciently knowing to enable him to exercise these airy visitants from the abode of their present midnight revelries. In the mean ti , it is a fact that the blacksmith is about s: cck other quarters, where it is to be hoped Li. slumbers may be as calmn as an infant's uj.n its, mother's breast." 