MAGAZ'SIiS FOli DHCEMMili. (From our ou-n LunHnn Ri-viewpr ) Deci-mier 'JO. TUB NOUTH DHITUH RKVIKW Opens w tli nn apparently iiiiiiitrHciive article bearing the titlw ' Cmmm- rciul Pliiliinilinipy .' It is however an in teresMnjr uumiiint iif ilie iiiemiiires u doitw.d liv liirjre ciiimIiivits uf iiifxiti. for the iinprnvcineiit iiikI ninuiilinu -il tlii'ir work |-hiiji1»-. Tile mimes ul' such etnpl yers show tliut such measures have not been confined to a particular trade or locality : — Price's Candle Works, Bagnall & Sons (Iron Works.) Ransomes, (Implement Works,) Titus Salt (Alpacu Works,) the 'Times' office, Clowes & Sons, ('Printers,) &a.; The question is discussed, what is the relation between capital and labor? and this remark is made : ' In the re lation of employers to employed there ib a. divine element that rightly deve loped is fitted we believe to yield the greate-t happiness to the greatest num ber. The main desideratum is a Chris tian spirit ; cast this tree into the bit ter waters and they become sweet.' Judge Talfourd's celebrated doctrine is quoted — ' the great want in English society is— more sympathy between high and low.' And it is shewn that an important element of success in any endeavour to do good is the manifesta tion of personal feelings of kindness. The writer of a long, instructive, and valuable article on ' Latham's Johnson's Dictionary,' reviews the history ol the English language from Saxon times to the present. After discussing the ety mology and meaning of many words, and objecting to the new dictionary, he remarks ' In the present edition, we have almost every one of Johnson's er rors and Todd'e absurdities, with others which neither Johnson nor Todd would have committed. Johnson was before his time, Latham is behind it. We now see in Johnson's etymology no thing but confusion ; but Dr Latham's is confusion worse confounded.' An article on ' Liturgical Reform in the church of England' is written in a very kindly and temperate style. The issue of a Royal Commission for revision is advocated and the province of such a commission defined. 'We may hope says the writer, ' that were her liturgy and formularies purged from the re maining dross which has come down from acrimonious times, and the lawn which affect her discipline and order sub jected to a careful scrutiny, she might widely extend her influence over the English people, and rise to a position worthy of her as a great national estab lishment.' ' Monnusens's History of Rome, and 'Sellar's Roman Poets of the Republic' are said to go a long way towards supplying a want, of which English readers have long complained —a satisfactory account of Roman liter ature.' Early Roman tragedy and Epic Poetry is then reviewed in a very scholarly manner. Modern Italian Poetry is similarly treated in an article on the Tuscan Poet ' Giuseppe Gueti and hie Times.' ' Wildbad and its . Water' is a most amusing, racy paper. The writer tells how he snapped the fibre of the triceps muscle just above the knee,— how he was thereby despoiled of his Christmas dinner and a great deal besides — bow in 10 months he fell 6even times, — how he reluc tantly consented to go to Wildbad, — how he wen% — who were his fellow passengers and what they said. ' Over against us was a young Frenchman from Alsace, and along with him on his left, in the corner of the carriap-e, was bis young and very pretty wife. On the husband's right was another Frenchman, who wat chiefly remark able for his love of pears. On our right was a man whose nationality was not at first apparent in the dusk. The seat in the corner on our left was empty, and up to the last moment it seemed likely that our party was to consist of five. Not so. Just as the train was about to move, the guard shouted, ' Parici, MowAeur !' and then the door was opened, a man was bundled in, the door slammed to on his heels, and away we went. When we eay that the new comer was a man, we mean be was a man and something more ; he was a black man ! Yes, a real jet-blaok nigger ; none of your bronzed imitations of the children of Ham ; no Moor, Malay, Hindoo, or Arabian. Not at all ; none of these ; bat a downright negro. The train went off with a jerk, for the engine was impatient at having been kept waiting for a negro, and gave a snort and a jump as it started. It was re venged, for the poor black, who had not well seated himself, was thrown into the lap of the pear-eating French man, the pear was dashed against his gable visage, and the Frenchman's teeth no doubted indented his forehead. This called our attention still more to the stranger. All eyes were turned on him, and then we saw that he was attired in a sort of flowing gabardine, and that his head was protected from concussion by an enormous white tur ban. The Frenchman sacred and critwu-cd a little, and looked for an apology from Othello, but Done came. With great presence of mind, the black now took off his turban, unrolled it, and hung it up in the netting over his head. There was a short pause, while we still looked on. He then stooped down and took off bis shoes. During this operation one of his feet was lifted up, and we saw that he had no stock ings. The married couple were in des pair. They could not tell to what ex tent the disrobing process might go on. Sis Bevikleider, supposing him to ?peak German, might be the next article to go. It was an anxious mo in lit nl sh^ihii-o, iltiiinir wlildli 111V lIllllllM'nl ll.-ljf ll 1 Klltr (111 III \ ll^illl JiTDHll \---! nu.liUy. insulin! mid nil.- luukeii \--n iijrlnisi,iiiifl tile, f'nijrivdriiuii French iiiiiii tonk (nit another pear. All tin* time his sitlile iiii-jeety Iihi! nut con ili-seHiuleil (o spenk, no one. uttcreil n wont ; like six beaMs of prey tullril in a pit, there we tut, enwed tit i-iicli ntlier'f IHrM-nei'. Suddenly I lie Iie^T' threw liiini-ell luck iutu tlie Ciiriiifie, pulli'il ii « llif wiiiilun, wliicli llneiv ii |ilii- draught u Don liio ebon luce, and coiled himself up to sleep. In a minute or two he was in the arms of Morpheus. ' I'm not going to be asphyxiated for a negro,' 6aid the pear-eater, as he pushed down the glass, as soon as his vis-a-vis was safe.' In such lively style the writer describes the persons he met with, and the life he lived at Wildbad ; whence after due bathing he returned home cured. ' The late John Richard son,' the familiar friend of Campbell, Scott, and Joanna Baillie, forms a very pleasant biographical paper. BLACKW00D Introduces us to a Cavalry officer who tells us that be has lately returned from America, after spending nearly a year in the Confederate States. During that period he visited all the principal cities nnd armies in the field, and was a witness of many interesting events, being present at Gettysburg, the bom bardment of Charleston, Chicamanga, &c.; He also visited the Northern States of Canada ; and proposes to give some little account of what he saw and heard,— evidently with Southern sym pathies. After waiting for a favorable opportunity for entering Seoessia, ' by ten o'clock,' he says, ' we were on board our little boat and were fairly off. We passed one grand ship with out being perceived, and nothing dis turbed us till near daylight. As it dawned, a big dark object suddenly loomed up in the distance. Nearer and nearer it came straight towards us. We strained our eyes looking through the twilight. Could it be? Yes, it was — yes, it was certainly — there could be no mistake— it was a gunboat. I was excessively disgusted : if she saw us we were lost, Fori Lafayette in stead of a campaign with Lee. Hor rible thought ! Still she came nearer and nearer, whilst we spudded away as fast as we could. But what chance had our little boat against steam 1 Bigger and bigger the monster became, till hope dawned within us as we saw her swing round and turn her black broadside towards us she had not per ceived our little cockle-shell. Away she steamed in an opposite direction, and as her ugly black bulk gradually receded, and began to look smaller and smaller in the distanoe, we recovered our spirits and laughed at our ' scare.' He found the Southerners most strenu ous in their determnation not to give in to the north. Of the army he says ' The good behaviour and discipline of the men is surprising to me, considering the way in which the northerners have devastated the country and wreaked their wrath on women and children in the South whenever they had an op portunity. They are as cheerful and good natured a set of fellows as ever I saw — seem to be full of fun, and are always ready to talk, joke, and 'chaff,' but are never pushing and insolent.' ' The negroes ' in camp are a great study. Of course they are all slaves. They have a great horror of the Yan kees, 8nd when in Pennsylvania East, he could not be got to move 100 yards from the camp for fear of being kidnapped, whilst here they delight in roaming about the country in search of poultry, eggs, fruit, and such like delicacies, for which they are excellent caterers. I heard only a single instance ol a servant being lost during the campaign, and his master was convinced that he had been stolen, and that he had not run off of his own free-will.' 'They have a strong sense of humour, and are always laughing at something or other. Some times their repartees are not bad. A few days ago I was in the tent of nn officer who had just been promoted. His servant was making up his bed, and the officer told him to be sure to make it long enough. The ' boy' looked up and grinned. ' S'pose, Master William, you'se not grown taller since you was major,' be said. Their teeth are re markably fine, and they are proud of them, I suppose ; at least they mostly wear a tooth-brush very prominently stuck into their coat button-hole, as a dandy would carry a flower, or a Frenchman his ribbon of the Legion of Honor.' [An officer's slave sporting a tooth-brush ! Hm !] The paper on 'Public Schools' ably discusses the merits of Winchester and Shrewsbury. The following remarks are note worthy. Dr. Temple Bays, 'The education of boys at school depends in reality on three things — on the influence of their homes, on the traditions of the school derived from the past, and on the ad ministration of it at the present time. The first of these three is quite out of our reach, and yet it is the most power ful at all.' Again, Mr. Turing, of Uppingham, says, 'The schools of England will be good or bad accord ing to the wishes of the homes of England.' Tbege sentiments are en dorsed by the Royal Commissioners. ' My latest Vacation Excursion' is a visit to Salzburg and the Tyrol, where ' precipices and spikes as lofty to the eye as anything you can see anywhere, come close round you end start up everywhere, from the brinks of rivers and 'lakes and from the side of the high road. The scene of ' Aunt Ann's Ghost Story' is laid in an old castle in Rus sia—seventeen miles frqm the nearest neighbour. The story is well told,— :il)'l till) i'Xorcidn snll-l'iiCtorily pct» liiiiiieil, Corni'lina OD.iud dues not quite iippruve nf |)upiilHN!-iiig mmkiicc. r\ir swims,— bttsuys,— 'Tub Piireon lhroui is simply Mn-i purely brought on by iuf u persisting in pr«iiclnng in sin assumed unmitiit'iil voice— u coiiveiiiiuunl voice, i. unbilled, 1 suppusu to be tlie must :i|iprupii:itK tune to cull sinners fpiin tlieir wickedness lllld ttMcIl (ili'in tu live liet er.' ' LhI Iliiu liu simple, nsi tiii-ul, iiud unuffcccml ; let him «iuj)lo\ the same earnesmess in the pulpit to save sinners that he would make use of to exhort Mrs. S. to some act of domes tic economy, or to resttain a restive son from indiscretion : let him be real, earnest, and truthful to his own nature : and I'll warrant him he'll suffer very little from the pangs of Parsonitis.' Respecting Louis .Napoleon and ' the dignified attitude' he remarks — ' There is a story told of Sheridan, how one day when returning unsuccessful from shooting, never having bagged a single bird, he saw a flock ot ducks in a pond, and a labouring man at work hard by. Determined if possible to have some thing to show for his day's sport, .he asked the man for how much he should allow him to have a shot at the brood ? The fellow replied, ' A crown.' SL-eri- dan fired and tumbled seven of them. ' Well, my honest friend, how do you like your bargain V asked he triumph antly. ' Well enough,' muttered the other, ' the dooks is natie o' mine,' Tins story is precisely the story of the French policy in Italy. The Emperor no more owned the duckies of Modena, Parma, and Tuscany, than the clown owned the ducks, but he gave Victor Emmanuel a ' shot at them in exchange for Nice and Savoy.' There may come a day of reckoning with the owner which may be far from agreeable. THE CORNHILL. Mr Collins' tale in 4 Cornhill' Arma dale— is continued in a very exciting strain. The events are start!ing,_ra ther than the characters, — there is a strangeness about both, however, which makeB it undesirable to read about ?The mystery of Ozias Midwinter,' just before midnight A paper on ' The Bars of France and England' is sug gested by the recent brilliant reception given by the benches ot the Middle Temple, three or four weeks ago, to M. Berryer the leader of the French Bar, and the eloquent and consistent advo cate of freedom. The writer compares and contrasts the customs of the two bars, pointing out the advantage secur ed in either case. He also points out the political, historical, and intellectual features, — thinks that socially the French have the advantage of the Eng lish,— and gives it as his opinion that the French law books have merits which have not been appreciated, but would well repay investigation. ' Gio ranni Battista Niccolini', forms the sub ject of another article. From 1782 to 1861, the name of the great dramatic poet, the dauntless defender of political freedom, the special terror and nbbor ence of the church of Rome, was con stantly before the eyes of his countr., as that of the most illustrious of her representative men ot letters, who- had done his work, and no light work either, from dawn to dark, literally with out fear or reproach.' In addition to a biographical notice of this remarkable man, some nieces are given from his works, translated into English, to give some idea of tbe great dramatists' style, and manner of thought and expression.' Passingby tbe continuation of ' Wives and Daughter's,' we have a rare contribution — A Convict's views of penal discipline, — tbe said convict, having had an un fortunate experience of life in English prisons and in the penal settlements ol Australia. His viows seem very sensi ble, and are well expressed. He dis tinguishes between two classes — the dangerous, who are thieves by educa tion and profession, whom he thinks incorrigibly and unpardonable, and the respectable class who have committed some act of theft or fraud under some strong temptation. 'Apply to these, he says, ' the system at present in oper ation in our model prisons, and guard against keeping them in prison too long: for long imprisonments defeat tbeir own end. A rutber racy paper on ' Salvors,' describes the mode of life of some of our seafaring population, who know how to profit by the dange rous position of a ship that has got on tbe rocks or the sands. A very neat little biography of 'Jobn Leech,' with good pictorial illustrations, concludes the number. We are told how he gradually worked his way into public notice, — how ' Punch' did great things for him, and he did great things for ' Punch,' — being connected with it from its first publication till he died. There is also a oareful estimate of some of the contributors to ' Punch' which is worth extracting.' One can speak freely of Hood, Jerrold, Thackery, and Leech.— of Hood, whose power over language was an exquisite witchcraft, whose mind was elf- like, and who, if he was habitually gay and lissome as a fairy, bad also his statelier nnd sterner moods, in which he reached even to the tragic : of Jerrold, who was undoubtedly at the time of his death the greatest wit in England, and who seemed almost as a disembodied spirit tp any one that saw him and heard him— saw htm looking out of his keen colourless eyes, and witnessed the miraculous rapidity and complexity of his thoughts : of Thackery who belongs to tlio race of tbe giants, and who being one of the best proee writers of any age, was tbe most classical writer of his pwn ; last of Laech— that man of remarkable genius, whose col lected works form suoh a history, not Iv ol bin mind, but nl-u of the Bndinl ?i-iiutiirH nt his iluy, hs no oilier '??iiuitry, no previous lime possetse*. mil who shines furlu iu every piige to ivliicli li« lias put bis Ininil us the inun ?f truth and geiiila heart ; the iimn who, nbiiiuidiug in fun. never whs onrritul uwiiy by it, nor for the suk« ol :i luiig-ll turned his pencil to sIlHine ; tin* MMn nl honour mid refinement,. who lovr.l tu dtvell upun all lluit Wiis guuif md liemitilul nnd uuiurul ; and wlm when he lathed what was ugly, or mean, or odious, did so with a light ness of humour and a polish of man ner that are a thousand times more effectual than the indignantr age or the rude caricature of his predecessors in pictorial satire.' The following linos from * London Society' will fitly follow these remarks : IN MEMORUM: JOHN LEECH, OB. OCT. 29th, 1864, aged 46. Called in a moment suddenly away, He passed from life, while ringing in his ears Had been no sound of sob or falling tears But laugh of happy children at their play. Not old, but in tbe staid and ripeued prime Of a man's life he fell ; and in an hour When least of all was pictured sorrow's power To veil in gloom that stretch of merry time. Yet the cord snapped beneath the hidden strain Of o'er-wrought brain and tortured nerves, whose strength, Taxed to the uttermost, gave way at length, When ended swiftly all the spirit's pain. So died he. From the ranks of living men Whose thought of fancy are their na tioa's prize Work light, perchance, but tending to make wise Magicians of the pencil and the pen He who is dead stood foremost Though each scene He drew was taken from our life of prose Yet in each one he dealt his trenchant blow Against all things and teachings false or mean. On this our social stage. And if the chief Mark stamped upon his labours was the play Of humour and of fancy, yet the day Which took him— to a nation's honest grief— Took the best limner of each lovely face Of English pure gril-beauty. None have yet Equalled him thus— none seeing can forget His cabinet of loveliness. His place Is all unfilled in English art. His name Is and will still be loved by thousands — those Who have hung o'er the pictures whence arose Slowly but sure the structure of hsi fame. Kind ! gentle ! true ! His life of modest works, — Is known to those who prize it. Now he sleeps : And many a one who knew it sadly weeps That kindly heart laid in it's mother earth.' These lines too from the ' St.James's Magazine,' are worth quoting : — ' A fore-glimpse of Heaven.' The translation of an old Greek Epitaph on a little girl aged eight years. 'Thou art not dead, dear firstling of our flock, but goue to rest, Living still a bright existence in the islands of the blest ; Walking tlirougli the fields elysian, in on atmosphere of joy, Where tbe flowers never wither, and where bliss knows no alloy. There no winter ever chilis thee ; sum. mer's sun can never burn ; Sickness, thirst, and hunger vex not. Thou dost covet no return To this our weary world; for thou art living in a land Full iu the constant splendour of a heaven close at hand !' St. James', — London Society, and Temple Bar, vie with Cornbill in pro viding the best dish of intellectual pa bulum, well seasoned. London Society promises for January, 'A fast ride, and a double kill,' — ' Coelebs in search of a Mulready envelope,' —'Fireside amuse ments, and Frolics,' ? 'An Old fashioned Winter,'— ' Custom as it affects Dinner Time,'—' The Mystery of the Bloody Hand,' ? ' -ocial Sketches,' — ' Scenes in Court,' -$x TEMPLE BAR. In Temple Bar, for this month, Mias Braddon orings 'Tbe Doctor's Wife' to a close, and Air. Yates does the same by 'Broken to Harness,' 