THE TRIAL AND CONFESSION OF DR. PRITCHARD. At ten o'clock on Monday morning, 3rd July, the trial of Dr. Pritchard, on the charge of murdering his wife and mother-in-law, in Glasgow, commenced ia the High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, be fore the Lord Justice Clerk. Lord Ardmillan. and Lord Jerviswoode. The court-room was crowded, and many were disappointed in obtaining admis sion. The indictment charged the prisoner with administering tartarised ahtiiitony, aconite, and opium to his mother-in-law, . $ ane Ctiwp'er Taylor, in tapioca and in porter or beer, and in a medicine' called Batley's sedative solution, between the 10th and 25th of February, 1865 ; and it also charged Him with administering on repeated occasions, in February and March, 1865, tartarised antimony and aconite to his wife, Mary Jane TaylOr Pritchard, in artiolcs of food and of medicine. The prisoner entered the dock at ten o'clock exactly, dressed in deep mourning. He was oalm and self-possessed, and looked coolly round the court when he had taken his seat. He in a stout, well-built man, pre possessing in appear ilnfie; and with sharply defined features. Ho wears his hair long* and has a large bushy beard, but no inoustaehe. The ?prisoner's brother, Charles Augustus Pritchard, secretary to the. naval cominander-in-chief, Ply mouth, by permission of -the court, took his seat beside him in the dock, and remained with him all day. The proQSention was conducted, in the absence of the Lord Advocate in tlonddnj by the Solicitor General, assisted by Mr Gifford and Mr Cric'hton} advocates depute; the defence was conducted by Mr A. R. Clarke, Mr William Watson, and Mr David Brand, advocates. The prisoner's counsel moved the court to separate the two charges of murder, on the ground that it embarrassed the' de fence to try ths trr.o crimes together. The court unanimously refused to gi&hb; tbo request. The prisoner was then called on to plead to the 3fidi?t' ment, and in a clear distinct voice . he pleaded Not Guilty ; and a jury having been empannelled, the evidence for the prosecution commenced about half past eleven1 o'clock. The remainder of the day was oooupied by the examination of five witnesses, three of whom were merely formal, and oec&p;'ied oaly a few minutes. The two important witnesses were' Catherine Latimer and Mary M'Leod. Subjoiued is a summary of the subsequent proceedings : — Catherine Latimer, lately cook in Dr. Pritohard's service* deponed to tbe circumstances and events of the household tip td liW leaving it. Mrs Pritchard's illness began in October with ifeq'tfect siofeness. She went to Edinburgh to visit her mother ih November, returning at Christmas. Her mother and Miss Pritohard, who lived with her grandmamma in Edinburgh, oame with her. Mrs Pritohard then appeared to be in very good health. She continued so for about a week, but after that became ill again. Witness web to haire left the service on the 2nd, but owing to her mistfese'd illh'eSs, oho remained till the 16th of February. One night Mrs PritShard ex claimed, ' Oh, Catherine, I Have lost my senses. I never was so bad as this before.' She was seized with cramp about the 14th of February. She was ; very ill, and called Mary M'Leod to fetch Dr. !G-iirdner. Dr. Pritchard was in the room when i another dootor was sent for ; he was crying, and ?witaeSS JaeaM deceased, say 'Don't cry, you ; hypocrite,' or ' lion V Sryj . foT if yon do you are a hypocrite,', and she added that 1 the doctors were all hypocrites together. ; She told Dr. Gairdner she had chloroform, but she ?had never said so to witness. Witness continued in :the service till Mrs' Taylor was brought back again frorS Edinburgh. Mrs Taylor said to witness, ' I don't undersoanu nor ismsssi »ne is one aay oener and another worse.' . Mary M'Leod, a girl of seventeen, hoitse'fiiaia at Dr. Pritchard's, was between four and five hours under examination, and gave her evidence with evident reluctance. She generally took up Mrs Pritchard's dinner and tea, which she sometimes got from Dr. Pritohard as he sat with his family in the dining room; Mrs Pritohard af ten said, 'I wonder when this sickness is 10 stdp.' When witness was sent for Dr. Gairdner 'she heard Mro Plitobnrd say 'Don't cry; if you dry you're a hyproorite j it was you that did it.' On one oocasion Dr. Pritohard sent her up with a bit of cheese, which Mrs PrittfhaTd tdstedj and asked witness to taste ; it felt hotj and made witness thirsty. Witness deponed to the sudden illness of Mrs Taylor ; she said she surely had her daughter's complaint. She died about midnight of the day she was taken ill ; she was writing letters ia the consulting room at ,9 o'clook, and was helped upstairs, where ohe bobdtae speedily ill, and died. The prisoner had usod improper familiarities with witness, and Mrs Pritohard had seen him kissing h9r. Witness became with child to him. He said he would put it all right. She had a miscarriage.— (Interrogated. ? Did he do anything to you to produoe miscarriage ? But the question was objected to, as forming a separate crime not libelled against the prisoner, and disallowed by the court.) — The connection was con tinued up to the time Mrs Pritohard visited Edin burgh, hut not after some time before his wife turned ill. He spoke of marriage to witness. He said he would marry her if his wife died before him. He gave witness a ling the year before last ; also a brooch the same month Mb wife died. He gave his photograph in the looket, but witness had since torn it out. — Cross-ex- amined : Believed prisoner to be in joke when he spoke of marriage. The. court adjourned. The proceedings were resumed on the following morning. The court house was densely crowded throughout the day. The prisoner was calm and collected, though looking a little less at ease tbaa on the previouB day, perhaps from the fatigue of long sitting in the warm court. ' His brother again sat in the dook with him all day. The first witness examined was Mary Paterson, who succeeded Latimer as cook in Pritchard's service. On the 16tk of February, Mrs Pritohard was ill, and witness never was upstairs to see her till the night of Mrs Taylor's illness. Heard Mrs Pritcbard exolaiming '.' Mother, won't you speak to me ?' and went in and found Mrs Taylor's body getting cold. She died the same night, and witness dressed the body, whioh had a pinkish streak on the left oido. Oa the Tuesday be'- fore airs Pritchard died witness found a bit of cheese in the pantry, and ate a little bit about the size of a pea. After eating it she felt a burning sensation in the throat, and got sick and vomited. Her sickness continued from morning till night. fSext day the prisoner asked witness to make some egg-flip for Mrs Pritchard. The doctor gave her the egg, and while witness was beating it he came once or twice into the pantry, and dropped in what witness took to be pieces of lump sugar. ' He said he would add the whiskey when it came upstairs. On pouring in the water to see if it was not enough, witness tasted it, and remarked to Mary M'Leod it had.a horrible taste. She had the same sensations after it as from the cheese, and continued sick till four o'clock next morning. When Mary I M'Leod came down to bed she told her the mistress was so ill that she would not allow tho docter to ' leave the room. Witness did not see Mrs Pritchard till the Friday. She was well at noon, when she j saw her drink something from a glass, which the doctor took from her. She became very ill at five, and excited.- She was raving about her mother. She asked witness to rub her hands, and was much j cramped. She spoke about her children incohe rently. About half-past one was called out of bed to make a mustard poultice; and* about five minutes after, was called upstairs. The doctor was in bed with his wife. She touched Mrs Pritchard, afld found her 'cold. The doctor proposed to apply the poultice, and to get hot water, saying she was only faulting; but witness said nothing could be 1 done for a dead body. He said, 'Come back, ' come back, my darling Mary Jane ; do not leave j your dear Edward.' And added, 'What a brute ! what a heathen f So gentle, so mild.' He asked witness to shoot him ; and in answer to her rebuke how he should stand before a righteous God, said, ' True, Paterson ; you're the wisest and kindest woman I ever saw.' Thomas Conriell and Richard King, two students of medicine residing in the house of the prisoner, gave evidence similar to previous witnesses, as to the symptoms of the illness of the prisoner's- wife and mother-in-law. Dr. Gairdner and Dr. Paterson spoke to the visits they paid to the deceased ladies, and the prescrip tions they gave. They minutely described the symptoms. The former thought Mrs Pritchard was 'intoxicated, and forbade more stimulants. The latts? said he could not banish from his mind that the sympto'ms bstokened antimony, and refused to certify Mrs Pritchard's death, the case being s© sudden and mysterious, referring the registrar to Dr. Pritchard. Evidence was called to pro?e the temperate habits of the two ladies. The court then adjourned. At the reSutag tion of the trial at ten in the morn ing, on the next day, flftsr some formal evidence had been given as to articles found is the prisoner's house, John Campbell, manager of the Apothecaries' Company, at Glasgow, gave evidence as to the prisoner having purchased at various dates from November, 1864, to February, 1865, tincture of aconite, tartaliGed antimony, tartar emetic, and laudanum. 0n 6th February he purchased 1 oz of tartarised antimony, and 1 oZ of tinoture of aconite. On 9th February he purchased another ounce of the same poison, and on 11th February, 2 oz of tinoture of digitalis. Witness never sold an ounce of tartarised antimony to a medical man before. He had a large dispensing trade, and he was struck With the quantity of antimony sold to the prisoner, and al3O with the quantity of tincture of aconite. He only sold two ounces of tartarised antimony in a year to the medioal profession and the publio in Glasgow. He spoke to selling prisoner since Ho vember last three ounces of Fleming's tincture of aconite, and said that he believed an ounce or two ounces would cover the whole of his other business during twelve months. The prisoner got more ohltfrofora from him than all his other customers put together. He had been a dispensing apothe cary for twenty-three years, and in all his expe rience he had never furnished so mneh poison to anv other medical man. John Corrie, chemist, Glasgow, spoke to selling prisoner, on 18ih February last, two ounces solution of morphia, and one ounce Fleming's tincture of aflonite. He also sold prisoner, on 13th March last, half an ounCO of Fleming's tinoture of aconite, and three times in the month of March last quantities of solution of atrophine. Dr. Douglas Maolagan, Dr. Littlejohn, and Dr. Gangee, Edinburgh, and Dr. F. Penny, Glasgow, gave evidence as to the result of the post mortem examinations of the bodies of the prisoner's wife and mother-in-law, and as to the result of the chemical analyses of the contents of the different organs. The substance of their testimony was that there were no morbid appearances in the bodies capable of accounting for death ; that Mrs Pritohard had taken a large quantity in the form of tartar emetic in repeated doses, which had caused her death, and that Mrs Taylor had also taken a con siderable quantity of antimony in a succession of doses in the form of tartar emetic, whioh had caused her death. Dr. Penny said he had found aconite in the bottle of Battley's solution of opium, which was taken out of Mrs Taylor's pocket aftor her death. He con cluded from his experiments that there was more than 5 per cent., but less than 10 per cent, of aconite in the bottle. He had made experiments with rabbits, and found that the genuine Battley's solution did not kill them, while a mixture of genuine Battley with a small quantity of Fleming's tinoture of aconite proved fatal. Dr. Maolagan was oi opinion tnai in me case oi Mrs Taylor the symptons desoribed by the witness were suoh as aconite would have produced. If opium, aconite and antimony had been administered at the same time, ho would have anticipated the symptoms which Mrs Taylor exhibited. Dr. Littlejohn was of opinion, after hearing the evidenoe, that Mrs Pritohard died from repeated doses of antimony administered in small quantities, and that Mrs Taylor might have died from a dose of antimony administered shortly before her death, or else from some of the sedative narcotic poison. There was nothing to indicate apoplexy as tho cause of death. Tartar emetic could be readily boaten with egg flip, and a sufficient dose to keep up illneBB could be juven in a lump of sugar. Dr. Paterson, of Glasgow, believed, after hearing the evidence, that the death of Mrs Taylor was occasioned by a combination of antimony and opium ; he also aaid that if the opium which Mrs Taylor took had upwards of 5 per cent, of Fleming's tinc turo of aconite in it, tho effect would have been much more rnpid, and much more likely to be fatal. Mr Macbrair, trustee of tho late David Cowan, of Portsmouth, proved that Mrs Taylor had control of £3000 under Mr Cowan's will, and that Mrs Taylor ! had made a will leaving two-thirds of that sum to Mrs Pritchard, and in the event of her death tor Dr. Pritchard, who was to get the interest till his1 children should attain the dge of. twenty-one, and' after that time he was Id get the money himself*1 In July, 1864, Mrs Taylor had paid £500' to Dr. Pritchard. ...:?? :-; After some formal evidence, two felarations omitted by the prisoner were then read. 3!tt; .the' first, made on the 2nd of March, he said his im&& last illness was gastric fever, and that he gave &$#'' no medicine at all himself, excepting wine, cham-' pagne, and brandy to support her strength, in order to procure her sleep. He said he had given her a: small quantity of chloroform, but it entirely dis agreed with her, and he discontinued it. He sent for her mother to nurse her, and he ascribed his wife's decease to the agitation consequent ob Ley mother's death. He said he had never given laia, wife antimony but on one occasion, in October lasfr; He applied it externally to her when she had o swelling of a gland in her back. He gave his wife! a little bottle of antimony for the purpose of rubbing* in behind her ear. He used antimony extensively' in his practice, and kept it in a cupboard in biff consulting room. In his second declaration, madd on the 21sfc of April, he said that he was in no way. accessory to Mrs Taylor's death, that he never ad ministered poison: to her, ancLthst he believed she died from paralysis and apoplexy. ,'?' ;.??'. ?.''. This closed the case for the prosecution, and the court adjourned ai half-past five until next, morning at ten o'clock, when the evidence for the defenqei was commenced. '..'.''? The evidence for the defence lasted only an hour and a-half. There was no attempt to rebut i the medical evidence for the Crown. Two of ! Dr. Pritchard's young ohildren were called to speak of the affectionate terms of their parents, and of the attachment between the prisoner and his mother? in-law. . 1 The prisoner was much affected while his children were under examination. . ?? ,[[?]. The Solicitor-General then addressed the jury for the prosecution, and Mr Clark addressed the jary for the prisoner. The court then ad jonraed- ;..;? The court met again on the following morning, 6th July, at ten o'clock. The public interest in thb trM had greatly increased, and the doors of the court room wore besieged by hundreds of persons eager to obtain admission to hear the judge's charge to the jury. ? . . ,? The Lord Justfcs Clerk, after referring to the great atrocity of the crimes laid to the priacner^a charge, and the singular means by which it was lie perpetrated these crimes, said there were three . things of whioh the jury must be satisfied upon the evidence. In the first place, they must be satisfied! that the deceased died' by peison ; in the second plaoe, that the poison was wilfully administered for the purpose of destroying life ; and in the third place that it was the .prisoner at the bar who so administered it, or caused it so to be admin istered. Having gone over the medical evidence in regard to the first question, he said the jury would consider whether it was possible to resist . these conclusions, first, , that Mrs Pritohard died from the action of antimony alone, administered in large quantities ; and, secondly, that Mrs Taylor died from the action of antimony either alone er in combination with aconite and opium.. In the case of Mrs Pritchard the evidence of the poison having been taken continuously for a period of months excluded the possibility of cither accident or suicide ; and, therefore, it seemed impossible to resist the conclusion that the poison must have been administered by some one for the purpose of de stroying her life. The character and conduct of Mrs Taylor and her general condition of body and mind were such as not to suggest the idea of suicide m her case as a possibility at all, and whether she died through the influence of antimony administered in several doses, as the che mical reports clearly bore out, or whether her death was brought about immediately through swallowing Borne of the contents of the bottle of Battley's solu tion, it was very difficult to understand how her death was caused by accident. The jury would consider whather they could resist the conclusion that the poison by which Mrs Taylor was deprived of life was also wilfully given for the very pur pose of destroying life. The third question, which was one of vital interest in the case, was, whether the prisoner administered, or procured to be admin istered, to either or both of the ladies, the poison by which their lives were destroyed. His lordship went [minutely into the evidence relating to the illness and death of the two ladies, directing the attention of the jury to the fact, and characteri sing it as ' a very remarkable circumstance' that throughout, whenever the prisoner had occasion to explain to anybody what he thought was the matter with his wife, he called it gastrio fever, when all the symptoms indicated the vory reverse of her being under fever. His lordship also pointed out to the jury that the prisoner reported to the registrar that Mrs Tfiylor had been under paralysis for twelve hours, which he knew was an absolute false hood ; and that the disease which imme diately preceded death was apoplexy, while the medical evidenoe had demonstrated that there was not a trace of apoplexy in the case. The jury would consider whether, in the case of a professional man like the prisoner, be could under the circum stanoes, if his wife died under the effeots of anti monial poison, be so far deceived as to believe she died of gastrio fever. After noticing the evidence as to the poisoned cheese, the egg-flip, and the tapioca, his lordship said it appeared beyond a doubt that some one had been practising a system of poisoDing, and that in the possession of the prisoner were the agents to carry it on. If he understood the theory of the prisoner's counsel aright, it was that Mary M'Leod was the person who caused these murders, and that the jury must choose between her and the prisoner at the bar by balanoing pro babilities ; but the prisoner's counsel did not seem sufficiently to advert to the possibility that both might be implicated, and if that was so they could have very little doubt who was the master and who set on the other ; but he (the Lord Justice Clerk) did not desire tho jury to take this theory, and he thought it quite right that they should consider upon the balance of probabilities which of tho two was the perpetrator of the crimes. Was it con ceivable that a girl, sixteen or seventeen years of age, in the position of a servant maid, could have herself conceived or oxecuted such a design ? and if sho had conceivod it, could she have executedifc, Eubjoot to the vigilance of the husband of her viotim, himself a medical man ? That was very hard to believe indeed. On the other hand, if the prisoner conceived and executed the design, it was not so difficult to beliovo that Mary M'Leod may have been the perfeotly unconscious and innooont instrument of carrying out his purpose. If they were satisfied the murder was committed, the parties who had ac cess ,to Mrs Pritohard only could have done it. Sjome of them were plainly innocent, and in case of others the probability of guilt was reduced to two ; of /these two one, or both, of them were guilty of the deed. -? The jury retired to consider their verdict about twenty minutes past one o'clock, and returned in about an hour with a unanimous verdict of guilty on both charges. ; : -The Lord Justice Clerk then sentenced the pri soner to be executed at: Glasgow on the 28th July, and in passing sentence said that the verdict of the jury proceeded upon evidence which could leave nO: reasonable doubt on the minds of those by whom it was considered. ? The prisoner, who hai maintained great compo sure throughout the five days of the trial, seemed greatly affected when the verdict was pronounced, and leant slightly on the policsman sitting beside, him ; but while the sentence was being recorded he. conipietely regained' his composure, and after sen tence was passed upon him he bowed to the judge, »nd also to the jury, before leaving the dock. : After Dr. Pritchafd's coaviction he was removed' from the bar of the Justiciary Court to the cell beloTf i where he partook of tea. Immediately on ; reaching the cell where the refreshments were set, he said to one of the policemen who. had charge of' him ' I'm innocent of this charge.' This was the only remark he made. On going to take his' place in the van he covered his face with his hat to prevent the large crowd .through which he had to pass gazing upon him. On the ensuing night, 7th July, the prisoner was very restless, like a person in fever. He only slept about an hour. There were three warders with him all night who , eDgaged in religious exercises, the prisoner joining willingly with them. He frequently asserted his innocence to those around him, and said he had been con vioted by mistake'. It appears he was so confident that the verdict would be in his favor, that on the 6th he stated to those around him- that he would immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi.. On Saturday morning, 8fch July, Dr. Pritchard ; was removed from the Calton Gaol, Edinburgh, to Glasgow, .under the charge of a 'criminal officer and three, assistants. The prisoner was attired in the blaok dress suit which he had on during the trial. . Before leaving the gaol he, ?was shackled to the officers, and he. remained fastened in this way throughout the journey. He appeared quite, composed, and looked; about:. him with V, the utmost coolness. His departure was witnessed by a large number of persons who had assembled on the platform. The following extracts are from Dr. Pritchard's diary :—' l?th February, 1865,— Died here at 1 a.m., Mary Jane, my own beloved wife, aged 38 years ; no torment sur rounded her bedside, but, like a calm, peaceful lamb of God, passed Minnie away. May God and Jesus, Holy, Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer/on prayer till mine be o'er, everlasting love. Save 'ub, Lord, for thy dear Son.' 