m~^~-~-r- »— ? ? : .... THE FENIANS. (To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal.) Sir,— The late English mail lias brought the intelligence that the British Government have at length determined to try strength with the Fenians, and have arrested a number of men in \- Dublin and elsewhere, on the charge of implica tion in the designs of that society. The Irish residents in this colony have been hearing of the sive European mail that has reached Australia for many months, and, doubtless they must have had their interest awakened in no small degree by the different and conflicting accounts with respect to them. They have read of 'drillings' and 'marchings,' and 'demonstrations,' from one end of Ireland to the other. They have seen reports of arrests for ' swearing in' new members ; and they are aware that several people have been severely punished for so doing. The comments of the English press iipon these matters have almost invariably been more of a tendency to mislead and deceive than to instruct. The impression likely to be made on the minds of people not well acquainted with the actual condition of Irish affairs, is that the Fenians are a numerous body, extending through out the whole face of Ireland, that they are a power in the land before which all other political organizations fade into insignificance. It must be admitted that this idea would be no more than a fair inference deduced from the many newspaper accounts that come to hand, and yet it would be. quite false and very much opposed indeed to facts. It would be a grievous libel on the mass of the good and Catholic Irish people to charge them with being infested -with the Secret Society plague to anything like the extent so indicated. The Fenians are not numerous, they are not widespread, and for: evil only are they powerful.-' I think I would be doing good service to my countrymen abiding here, to those Irishmen who love the land their fathers loved, who cherish the old traditions and cling to the ancient faith by showing them the real nature of Fenianism, by explaining to thorn the working of its machinery. By so doing I have no doubt that I shall destroy whatever little sym pathy they may have had with the Secret Society people, for the sake of the cause they pretend to have at heart, for the sake of the object they 'apparently desire to effect. This, Sir, is the sole aim I have in writing this letter, and I crave your kind indulgence whilst I attempt to carry it*out. I shall be as brief as possible, and ' if by chance I 'exceed the limits of usual news paper correspondents let my subject be my ?excuse. ,- .' What is a Fenian ? An affiliated member of a certain Secret Society whose object is the over throw of English rule in Ireland, and the establishing of a republic in its place, sworn to implicit obedience to the behests of his superiors, to 'secrecy of whatever he may learn about the members, condition and progress of the associa tion, sworn to allegiance to the ' Irish Republic now virtually established, ' to taking up arms in its cause ?when and wherever called upon. It may however be objected to this, my definition, that the Fenians themselves, have frequently and vehemently asserted they are not a Secret Society. Like a great many other ad cwpbandum statements that is true to a certain extent. It would be equally true and equally false to assert the reverse. Is this a paradox? Not at all. The whole mystery is susceptible of a very facile explanation. To many ardent and patriotic young men, in America as well as in Ireland, whose hearts throb for the freedom of their country and who see (what is really true even if the Fenians have the benefit of the state ment) that by force of arms alone, and not by . organization or agitation can Ireland be separated , from England's dominion, but who are not just then thought in a proper frame of mind to be repealed the Anti-catholic, the immoral and infidel opinions and aims of the 'guides and leaders, the Fenian Society is not a secret one, and probably not even a sworn one in any shape. But these people are only in a state of tutelage, of noviciate ; they have only been admitted into an ante-chamber, the dark recesses' of the unhallowed temple are separated from them . by a thick veil,, they worship the Prophet with all his gorgeous drapery, all his resplendant jewelry, around and apou him. They are not yet allowed to behold I his face, they would start back in affright. Again there many others, unfortunately too many, whom bad example and evil conversation have first estranged from their religious duties, who next ceased to attend mass, who finally learned to mock at all religion to scoff at virtue, to deride all that good men call true and beautiful who now de light in the infidel literature of France and Italy. These are the only true and genuine Fenians, to these alone is it permitted to know the arcana of the Association, to learn the grand schemes of social and moral regeneration the 'Head Centres'' hope to bring into reality. To mem bers of this standing Fenianism is undoubtedly a sworn Secret Society of the very kind and nature censured and prohibited by the Catholic Church. This, Sir, explains how many very worthy young men, blameless members of society will say they are Fenians, that they have never taken an oath, and that the association is about the grandest, the purest and per contra, the most vilified one on the face of the earth. This plan of building the conspiracy in two different com partments, so to speak, was an admirable one and has been of the greatest use to the Secret Society men. As I have shown the first is no more than a training school for the second, but when any public man, or any journalist with the real good of the country and the welfare of th- people at heart denounces the Fenians as anti Catholic, as members of a society banned by the church they can fling up their arms, upturn their eyes in holy horror, 'act the injured innocence' the 'slandered purity'' in a most convincing way and bring evidence, genuine true evidence mind you, to proye that the public man, the priest the journalist traduced vilified them. The test is to see from what ' compartment' the witnesses are produced that will reveal all. The mode of propagating the society is worth noting. Let us suppose that the initiated in town A learn that an opening for the society exists in town B. A secret conclave is held. It is determined to form a circle in town B. An agent, (more generally two or three) is ap pointed he sets off ostensibly on a visit to a friend. He tries to set on foot as, much merry making as j-ossible. Excursions and pic-nics become the order of the day. The agent be comes acquainted with the more respectable and intelligent young men of the place, he finds them of course (what young Irishmen are not ?) ardent and enthusiastic Nationalists. He gradually makes them aware of the immense preparations for invasion in America, the huge arms depots in New York, the magnificent iron clads being launched at San Francisco, the musterings, the drillings, the war councils, held by Meagher, Sheridan, Reynolds, Shields, Meade, O'Mahoney &c;, he assures them the coming Autumn or the subsequent Spring will unfailingly see the army of Freedom landed and the Green Flag flying. 'Over fifty towers o'er a hundred thousand men.' Who can resist this picture? where is the Irish man whose heart would not throb impetuously, whose blood would not course like- liquid fire through his veins at the very thought ? The unthinking young men at once and unhesitatingly enrol themselves among the future liberators of their country. . They enter the aiiti chamber they become Fenians of the first grade. Then the seducer tries further,, he must push these beyond the anti-chamber that they may lead others. But he must show them the rugged ness of the road to freedom,, exhibit to them the obstacles which are to prove their resolve, their heroism. In the first place — Ah how unfortunate ; there , are these black coated gentry-— these priests,^ ..what a pity to see people who should be on the altar. or in the confession box 'meddling' iri politics — step the first. But after all nobody need mind what they say, they are not infallible, they are only men like ourselves — politics and religion are two separate, two very different things— gradation the second. The priests are worss than the 'peelers' they put down '98 'by making the people give up their croppy pikes, they put down '4S by threatening to excom municate all who joined the insurrection, bat they saa'n't put us down, 'Ireland cannot afford another failure,' &c;, &c.; Some what after this fashion the evil work progresses. By degrees the parish priest of town B notices with a very unpleasing feeling that some ten or a dozen of his young parishioners do not attend their duties as regularly as was their wont. Sometime elapses 'and now the priest knows that these young- men never go to confession and often absent themselves from mass. They prefer to go 'walking,' one of the company bearing under his arm or in his pocket an infidel work, Tom Paynes very likely, graciously lent him by the agent returned home to town A. He remonstrates privately— that is., clerical intolerance ; he goes to the parents — that is priestly interference and accordingly the young men become disrespectful and rebellious. If three or four arm in arm meet him on the foot path, they are pretty sure to elbow him into the mud, and boast of having taught him his place afterwards. They name the Church of God his ' shop,' all the rites and observances of the church they make ridicule of. They are Fenians of the inner compartment now, they sit down face to face with the Prophet of their faith, they behold his hideousness, and they do not shrink therefrom. To prevent this dreadful evil spreading further the priest speaks of this from the altar, he states that the Secret Society has crept in among his flock and has done evil, he warns his hearers against any connection with the members of it. It is all over with that priest. His days of peace and quietness are gone. He has said from the altar that the Secret Society was in his parish plain 'felon- setting' that, evident bounding- on the British detectives— say_ the Fenians. : Henceforth, no slander so vile, so truculent, so cold-blooded, . that it may not be vended against that unhappy clergyman. He corresponds with the Castle and sends up monthly lists of suspected parties, he 'uses' the confession and makes little of its sacred seal. In the case of a journalist who has spirit enough to warn the people against the in sidious advances of these evil-minded men, and above all who dares throw light on their frauds, or expose the lies with which they feed their dupes, the vials of their angry wrath will be poured on his devoted head unsparingly and unre lentingly. No people in the world understand better the use of the axiom 'If you throw much, dirt some must stick,' and the dirt they throw is of a kind particularly abhorrent to the Irish people. The journalist acting as I have men tioned is sure to be set down as the recipent of 'Castle money,' he is a 'goulah,' as they phrase it, he is doing awfully nasty work for the Government and his patriotism, his anxiety for the good of the people is a mere sham, a flimsy veil through which the advanced and en lightened Fenian can see with great ease. Naturalists are aware that there is a certain animal whose only defence against an enemy about to seize it is the emission of an extremely nasty and disagreeable odour, exactly similar is your true Fenian. If anybody is so bold as to doubt the arms depots in New York, or to fancy that the voyage round Cape Horn is rather long for an ironclad, or to surmise that Generals Meagher, Sheridan, and the rest converse, more about 'things in generals' than the Irish Re public when they meet, the Fenian aforesaid will turn round with venom, and flinging around liis opponent a filthy atmosphere of gross 3alumny, of basest slander attempt to make his iscape without any answer whatever to the 'targes of untrutbi illness and wilful deception In consequence of the free use of these means of defence, the majority of the leaders of opinion in Ireland fight shy of contact with the Fenian. They do not want to touch the pitch in the slightest way ; they want to preserve their character unsullied if that be possible. They allow the Fenian to go on ahead and do his work of destruction unchecked rather than endure the temporary inconvenience of his abuse and villification. These people have converted the National platform in Ireland into a regular pillory, and soon no man with any regard for his public or private character will venture to come before the people thereupon. Why? Because there is no public tribunal, no great National Court to judge between him and the Fenian. If there were such a tribunal, such a Court existing in Ireland during the last decade of years, a National Association in the true sense of the word, to put its seal, its imprimatur upon the words and acts of the genuine patriot, and authoritatively condemn the counterfeits, the Fenians would never have made any head in the country, and such a degrading farce as the Gill candidature for Tipperary would never have occasioned a blush of shame on the cheeks of any good Irishman. In plain and simple words the stagnation of Irish political matters since the failure of the Tenant League has been followed by something unpleasantly bike putrescence. This is perhaps a digression but a necessary one. I have answered- the question 'What 'is a Fenian ?' at some length, I have only one other to ask and answer, and I have done. That query shall be ' Who are the Fenians ?' and I proceed to answer it. They may be regarded as .. divided into two great sections, the American and the Irish. The American who has no' fear of her Britannic Majesty's Attorney-General before his eyes is generally a great 'orator,' and at soirees, joic-nics and excursions, 'comes it strong' about the American Eagle flying, across the- Atlantic, and tearing the bleeding form of Hibsrnia from the jaws of the devouring British Lion, a thing that the said Yankee Eagle has nob and never had the remotest idea of doing. Colonels ' ' In glory ovei head and ears but wholly free from scars' are prominent nienbers of it. But there are others too, far less re] ratable, ..man who instead of throwing off their coats and earning their living like good citizens exist solely on tJio funds of the so ciety, and these are wrung from the poor Irish throughout the United States, who dream that they are contributing the 'sinews' for the war of Irish freedom. Judging by cxanaplo to be an immaculate patriot, in America does not necessi tate a man having common honesty, he may cross the ? Atlantic with money obtained under the falsest of falsa pretences, he may have been ' guilty of practices such as would fairly entitle him to her Majesty's hospitality iu Richmond or Spike Island, but he will never be reproached with his little misfortune if be will only tell American audiences that Ireland is in a state of ' incipient insurrection' that the Fenian organization numbers it'i scores of thous ands, that the people are longing for the com mencement of the struggle. The game of decep tion is played in a double manner, the Americans are lead to believe that the strength of the society is in. Ireland, while the Irish are told that the men and arms are in America. A more barefaced swindle than tlia 'organization' on both sides of tlie Atlantic it is impossible to con ceive. In Ireland also the 'leaders' or the more important of them are men without appar ent means of subsistence, they are supported by 'liberal subsidies' which high authority has declared indispensable to the existence of the organization. Everybody knows Dr. Johnson's saying 'Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.' That is true enough in the sense that scoundrels very often fly to patriotism, and try to make it pay when all other modes of living fail. When a man wilfully neglects his business, wrongs his creditors, and brings ruin or an approach to it on his family, a few general assertions about the hostility of the government and the enmity of police magistrates will enable him to setup as a martyr patriot, and, if he plays his cards well, he may keep a good coat on his back for the remainder of his days. When a thriftless artizan instead of minding his I business goes about lecturing on the wrongs of his country with bad grammar and worse logic his illiterate admirers may dub him ! an 'intellectual enthusiast,' but he is certain j to be despised by all right- thinking men of his i his own station. Discontented tailors, ambitious i drapers assistants, and idly disposed tradesmen form the strength of the Fenians in Ireland. The are 'Colonels' and even 'Generals.' They ' command [districts,' they send in reports to j 'subcommittees' who transmit to 'centres' and ' ' head centres. ' ' They play at soldiers, they toy with conspiracy. A repulsive feature of the Fenians is the cool way in which they claim to be the only real Nationalists or lovers of Ire land. 3 dare- say you know the unanswerable logic by which the Puritan settlers established their claim to New England soil. They held a mass meeting and the following resolutions were rapturously passed without a single dissentient : — 'Resolved — That the earth and the fulness thereof are the Lord's. Resolved — That the Lord has given them to his Saints. Resolved — That we are his Saints.' The ergo is quite ap parent. With equal modesty and truthfulness the Fenians argue in the same strain. They say Ireland belongs to the Nationalists — no one is a Nationalist who does not believe in pikes and muskeis — we, and we only and exclusively, believe in pikes and muskets. The conclusion is irresistible. The arrogance and intolerance of ffiese worthy revolutionists is simply indescriba ble. Every single man, high or low, who does not agree with their creed they stigmatize as a fool or a knave, and the latter more generally. This viewed from a certain light is very amusing, very laughable, but the farce may one fine day turn into a tragedy, and the country have to rue the consequences. Now let no one understand me as mentally hoisting my self to a .moral platform over the heads of the tailors and drapers assistants and artizans, and forthwith roundly lecturing them as a superior being. I am not so foolish, so vain. I speak as one of the people and from their midst. The men of the artizan class who are doing evil work in Ireland are exceptions notorious, excep ceptions among the industrious, moral and Ca tholic members of their trades. They are but few out of their many. In members of six or a dozen, they are, however, they are to be found in the principal towns and they by their cease less and untiring vigilence make tip for the pau city of their members. This letter is already too long or I should spend some time in rehearsing a few of the absurd stories and ridiculous canards with which they strive to keep up the flagging faith of their dupes throughout the country. The falsehood and deceit which is the very foundation of the society is positively monstrous. I have just hinted at a little in the commencement, viz., the depots of arms, the Calefornian ironclads, the war councils. A .Corkman is told that arms .have been landed secretly in .the far North of Ireland, and are well stowed in convenient places there. A Donegal man is assured the necessary pikes and rifles are hidden in Waterford. A- Dublin man firmly believes they are in Galway and so all round Vice Versa. Even re garding them as members of a Secret Society their general conduct is absurd.. It is natural to suppose that a Secret Society man would keep his connection to himself, -would shun publicity and oe as quiet in demeanour as possible. Nothing could however, be further from the minds of the Fenians than this conduct which common prudence '.alone 'would seem to suggest. They ? seek notoriety, they covet it-.. They do their utmost to make themselves re markable in dress, in gait, in language. There is not a sub-constable with as much brains as providence usually bestows on an average gander who could not lay his hand on the shoulders of every single Fenian within his district, in any given town after a weeks residence in it. They have adopted the dress and manner of those rowdies who are at once the disgrace and terror of the cities in the United States. The lone black coat buttoned up to the chin, the soft felt hat outrageously high in the crown and ridiculously broad in the brim, the idle lounging gait, the cold-blooded immoral language used respecting religion, women, priests, &c;, &c;, will quickly betray the Fenian of the advanced type in Ireland. No man of common sense can for a moment entertain the idea that such an association composed of such men is capable of affeeting.what they ostensibly propose. Oh, men of Ireland, your ancestors, who repose to day within the kindly bosom of the land from which they sprung, many a* ? time and oft, rushed to tlie red iTattle- field, and heedless of danger, reckless of their hearts' blood, essayed to stop the advance of the invader, and fought' nobly, but fought in vain. They failed, but they failed honourably. And whether their souls sped to their Creator from the battle-field or from the scaffold, not even their bitterest enemies could attach dis honour or disgrace to their memories. Would you then sully what they kept unstained? Look at the green flag for which they fought ; blood is on it, tears are on it, but no stain of fraud, nor deceit, nor irreligion. nor immorality. Would you good Catholics, faithful husbands, and loving sons, accept liberty even as a -n£t from these men ? Oh, if liberty is to come* if Ireland is ever to be free, pray Heaven that it be ' Nee talibus auxiliis nee defensoribus istis.' Irishmen will never tread the road to freedom that God's holy Church forbids to her faithful children. . I think I have said quite enough about the Fenians, and shewn pretty clearly that in no Avay are they the representatives of any wood or healthy principle. The men who lead to all ap pearances are bad, the principles they enunciate are bad, and the object they seek can never, and ought never to be gained by means such as they have no scruple in using. The priests avIio de- * nounce them are quite as good patriots as they ; and the journalist Avho warns the people against them desires the freedom of his country quite as ardently. Up to the middle of September, the Government were about the only party who Avere not opposed to the Fenians. The priest3 denounced them, the national press assailed them, and all the men who are regarded as the leaders of the national party cried out against them. . As long as the Fenians Avere engaged exclusively in their congenial work of maligning the Catholic clergy, and by a series of abomina ble slanders, depriving them of the confidence and affection of their flocks the Government never touched them, and the anti-Catholic press both in England and Ireland patted them on the back, praised them through all the moods and tenses, declared th-*n 'fine dashing felloAvs' in fact. Of course they -were hugely mistaken in their notions of the British Government but then their ideas about 'crushing the poAver of the priesthood,' and 'freedom of opinion,' and 'clerical domination,' &c;, &c;, were of the right stamp— the hue that Garibaldi himself might swear by, and of the nature that the ghost of Cavour might inspire, that the Car bonari and the Italianisshni themselves might safely endorse. The Fenian Organisation was compared to La Marianne in France, to La Giovane Italia in Italy, and pronounced better than either. But, as the last mail informs us, the work against the priests had been done, that against the Government Avas apparently about to commence, and then for the first time the the Castle Authorities opposed Fenianism and took action against it. It is a new aspect in Irish affairs that persons aiming at the 'Free3 dom of Ireland' are not the objects of popular sympathy when attacked by the British Govern ment, but such is the case now. The mass of have not the least commiseration for the Fenians. I have myself repeatedly heard the word 'Fenian' used, by ardent nationalists by downright rebels as a term of reproach an even vituperation. — I am Sir, &c.; AN ANTI-FENIAN NATIONALIST, 