MINING UOAKl) ELECTION. Hwntcs at **atBoaoeott. Tlie Urge room attached to tlie Telegraph Jloul, was filled on Monday evening, oo tbe of three cf tbt can Jidatett for tbe houor of rejjreaeuting tbe Maryborough ditiaoo ia the Mining Baud, eipo«t>dmg tbeir views and setting forth tbeir claims tor wpport. Mr J. W. FoaaMvsa was voted to tbe chair, snd bcfoie introducing the candidate*, Mde some appropriate semarka. lletaid that Mining Board a, aa at preaent coo»titated, were ouU ghosts of institutions, yet ^hey were better than none at all. Ue tbe meeting would give a fair bearing to ail the (peakera. Mr Baaa then tame forward, and said it would bare been better, bad mw oi tbe older candidates been tbt fir»t to add new the meeting, sod render an account ol tbsr stewardship, a» it would give bim tutter courage to follow in tbeir wake. It bad been tbe eua om, be Mid. at nieetinga oi tbe triad, to indulge in personalities, and be hoped that would be avoided, no matter what difference of opiokm there (oigbt be. He came bctore tbeta aa entuely new man, without any former deed* to reeoaut, or past services to reier t». He did DO: agree with tbe chairman as to Ute inutility of Mining Boards; tbey had done some good, and might do mora. Be referred to the time when digger hunting at the jMnt of tbe bayotot sra* s favorite amBSemcDt with the authorities, and asked wonld that be tolerated now Mining Board", be emtenfed pot-eased «re»t powers sni inflaenoe, and tbdr *ugge*t»a> and reconmtendation* bad gtwt weight with lite Oovernmeot, and rwrived prompt attention; tbey were the Alpha and Omega oi theorioerf ensteoce aod sncb being the ease, it wa* only WM no want of men of intelligence amount tbe miners, sod be hoped ttedwise snmld tall oo two oi Ibeir nwn elaM. Beferring to Ibe^rssent Board not bariM nude wty alteration* in tbe Bylaws, be said ft »u became tbey wm afraid to do so in tbe iaoe Mr Satllvaa*s Miniu $ tat ota, wbicb threatened the my eziatenee <3 Mining Boards. He wa* opposed to tbe oompalaorjr survey daaseof tbe pneeot By-law^ a* be thought tbe miners wm wdl able to oaric oat tbeir own diiwj it ma • great iajostics to compel tbem to say for a wrvey. As rsgard* tlie proposed numm tbe mioer'erigbt be oon«dered diat £l a year prssaed heavier oo tbe <uiae» tban Ms a numb in tbe rid times: be to say tbere was a great amount oi impeenniesity ainoDgst tbat eia«, aod be thought a redaction to 10«s or qaarteriy pay. meota would briw a greater revenue to the Uorernment than tbepnaeot gave. Tbs area Car reaideoee le a bx^way toosmsil, M , Ax* square were not ani&eM; to atke a boat, ai every man, with or wilboot afaally, wanted bit little g<nkn and bis bit of green stuff. The Crown lande were laying wa*te, aod might at well be t^jpied if it wonld Be any b«nefit to t(w njincr, wbo m* la too flourishing s eooditioojurt now, and it tppesred to him tbit if tbe "new Tariff" came intoopemion, tbey would sll i»v» I® emigrate sgtin. Ibe Mlni4 Board snd tbe Government iboaid offer every , aiW- *hitna owing to tbe small elaifflf. Om t b^ been made to him oT tbe verbiaee rf the By-laws. They were made, it »M aaid, for the lawyer., who coald nick bolea, and even dri« a bnlfoek-drsy through any oue of them, lie of driving iad no ehflrf rtrx^TAKt a miner in the colony lor the past elevea year*, and promised, if elected, to do bit beat for tbe district, modification of tbe present mode of voting It was too each to mure a three mouth*" residence Tbe Cuaiati.a corrected Mr Barr, and told him such was net required p- Mr Ba«a continued, that the necessity for beings Britiabaoyect wst bard on tbe iarre number of Germans and other foreigners working on tbe eoldfiefd*. He w jaldgire Uie pririlesre of votin? to all alietti except Cbinrac, and tbey were not European" at all. Mr 'EttNizMi P. Viarua, moved, and Mr Uarraaw Wiu,t»n« aecooded, tbe mad vote of oonfideooe, wbieh wa» dedared earned. Mr O Faaaau, came forward, and mi received with applau-e. Be eommenced by thanking tbe e!«tor« of tbe Maryborough dirtaion torbaviag returnedbim u their reprcsenta. tive tor tbe latt (ia yeara, and again asked atoatlouanee of the eoafidetjee bithrrto rcpoaed la bis. If durio< that time be had done anything that did not meet with the appro^Mtion of b'« ew)«itt»enta,be waa prepays} to give the MM eaplaoation. Re wen! on to say that tbe creat fault in tbe Maryborough Mining Br-law, lay to tbeir tea frequent ICVUM, at».i KbaitevcT defeet esiated m tbe uewnt code ' wai entirely owing to tbe impeVfeoi courtruetbn of tbe GddtAs Aet. " Be had heard it remarked that the Maryborough By4awt worked better than tbo« of the other five mining districts, and tbe Sandbnrst Mining Board had arrived at that eonclcsion by ^opting the greater portion of them in their !a*t code. At for tbe redoetioo of the msneri-right, referred to by tbe I tat apeaker, tbe Mining Board h*i no power whatevtr in tbe matter; tbey eouid only rerotnmend it to tbe Government The Maryborough Mining Board, be WM pro ad to bad always been the firet to a^iatp any qaettion bearing ot> tbe welfare of tbe mining eommnnity. Tliey had eacee»*ful!y oppo«edtb« sUnriM called tbe Mining Statute, and msde Mr Sullivan so asbased of bw butting, that be was only foe glad to abandon it to its fate It showed the people of Melbourne that they did not understand making lawi lor the miaer*. Tbe principal bunnew of tbe Uiniog Bwrd in tbe ensuing year, would not tie the making ol new by-law*.fam t# Me that tjie Go!(i6eld» Bills ahoat to be introdoeed were aollable to the require men's of ibe MOMS. That matter stwatd o<ropy tbe wbole attention of tbe Mining Bo»rd\ and is carrying it oat, tbe M opcrttion ol As whole of tbe mining ntmmantty woa'd be SMfbt tor. It was almost incredible tb.t men reeling so bag ia the Colony mild bate" framed ncfa a meaturt u Sullivan's Mining Statute oi 1865. He then referred to tbe several elaoaes of the ai By4swa, Mid ezpi£«gd hm detennination, if elected, to devote every attention to the inlereat* of IA cMKkMts. lie bad been Chairman & the Mininsr Usard for fire yean and at tbe teryear of office, en aoatiimoai vote of confldenee bad been aecorded to Inn He toaehedon tlicaahject of tbeCommon5,wbich he wifhed were well, no matter, bat they •ere a tetril-le noinance. Mr W II. TAVUM asked whether MrO Far rell woold ni->pjrt tbe eppaintment of nine »v«r« for tbe Maryl»roo|b Gold&id; Com ioitttd of throe Ur O'Faassix woold am like to lead tbe Common into diffi eat tiei, bat it was an United «wn (baa ibns mwNpw.,«a*wh*< ebbsiii*. tian ia saying that die rif " * " " ' of the Board was fllegal. If tbe COMM I additional mantfc-i, tbey woUd bare m vrr tbe anaigimation. la reply to Mr Umetv Wituans, w bo said he bad been overcharged by 0* Miniag Begirt rar for making iranrferof ahaia, MrOTsrnil evpr^iacd bis wij^ue ttat a gentlemiu rf Mr VYilhams's ar-knowleHged wamness, abocld have allowed bimatlf to lie rivtrcbargad, wbea be tad tbe By laws to pMe rta. Tbe nttttl vole of eonfideuea wa« thee pot and earrieJ, on tbe matiea of Mr seuwdtd by Mr Tonrcaw. Mr Ctwwpu oo bri^ called for, came forward and was well Merited, He «ud beappeared before tbem a» a jjratfical miner ol «ne yeara atanding nj eaoerienee to all clavaea at He mm not raaeh WM to speaking, A therefore ezpect mora latttude, hut be eould booeatly promne that if retaraed. tic would do bia best, aod bring bis eaperietw to hsar opon bbdotba. Mr Matthew WnuaMt: -Woaldywi be Ip favor of sa ataendmrtit of tbe by law wbieh compel* tbe em^mait of o« half tbe nsmber nl abareboldc regirtered eatcodei elaim, while proeerinj and erecting machinery " Mr Coswar: " Yes ", No man of capita) •ill embark in a miumg apevuiatbo ttoder that by-law, a* it it, snd, bmdea, it is quite noworkable. For inttaeee, in ae extended claim of ttaMwtjtMMtil fceimposrfble » find employmrot for Wttioers, wbea tbe engine aoold be ready to start Mr TODTcaaa, ia proposing a vou of fitaees, said Mr Conway was a oc* nan, bg| bb to Mr William* sboived tbat be tbe nature ol tbe Seconded tiy Mr Tauoaa, thorottgbly work to l« done, and carried. A rate <A tbaoln to tbe chair brought tbe proceeding to a close. 