PETROLEUM Whoever may have suffered from the war in America, it is certain that many of the shrewd citizens of New York have been much the better for it. If some of the famous ' kalkilatin' Yankees were to turn their attention to the Subject they might make out a curious list of the fortunes which have been made out of 'shoddy' uniforms supplied to the grand army of the Potamac, or of pasteboard-soled boots, which have been passed, with the help of obliging officials, through the Commissariat Department. Thousands flourish in Wall street who, but for the army trade, would still have been clerks or third-class storekeepers, and thousands of brilliant equipages illuminate Broadway which owe their origin to ' shoddy,' as many of their predecessors did to ' wooden nutmegs' and other 'cute notions' of the Sam Slick school. But 'shoddy' does not reign alone, and its El Dorado is not the only one going. The Potamac is nearly eclipsed by Pennsylvania, and the El Dorado of crimps and army contractors pales before the literal "Ile Dorado' of the New England farmers. In illustration of the comparative merits of the rival articles, it is related that not long ago a New York belle was making what she considered rather extensive purchases in a jeweller's shop when a second belle entered, and by her superior style of giving orders left number one in the shade. The latter, in a fit of jealousy, whispered to her companion. ' Shoddy, I sup pose,' which the lady thus laconically alluded to having overheard, she gave a quiet glance round and said 'No. Petroleum.' What, then, is this wonderful production which has revolutionized American society and created a new staple of commerce? Historians of the Knickerbocker school tell a droll story about a Yankee who was loafing away his time at a country inn in Pennsylvania, when he ob- served that almost everything about the place had an oily appearance, the very water he got to drink having quite perceptible drops floating in it. He asked an explanation of the pheno- menon, and was told that they could not dig anywhere in the neighbourhood without 'striking oil.' It oozed out of the very surface of the ground, floated on the water in the wells, and made itself at home all over the country. The Yankee heard all this without passing an opinion pro or con; but as soon as possible he raised a little money among his friends, purchased thirty or forty acres of the oleaginous soil, and commenced boring. As one of his countrymen would 'wind up the story— "That man is now worth fifty thousand dollars a year." We do not vouch for this as a true account of the first discovery of petro- leum springs, for in fact it has too much of a Knickbockerish aspect; but so far as the results are concerned it might be perfectly accurate. Hundreds who, ten years ago, were poorer than this Yankee loafer, are now worth double fifty thousand dollars a year from the same cause. We believe the following short narrative to come as near as possible to a circumstantial history of the 'Ile Dorado.' The idea of ren- dering the soil available for commercial purpose seems to have been broached about the year 1854\. when a Company was formed in New York to secure the right to the principal Spring then discovered. The oil was tested and reported on by Professor Silliman, Jun., but the new Company do not appear ever to have come into actual operation. In 1857 other parties renewed the search. Again another interval of bad luck, and the true ' ile' prophet came at last in the person of a Colonel Drake, who in 1859 took up his residence at Oil Creek, determined to bore away until he 'struck oil,' or had proved that it could not be 'struck.' In August of the same year his boring came to a successful issue, and at a depth of seventy-one feet, the oil appeared in sufficient quantify to yield 400 gallons a day to begin with. Then a larger engine was substituted, and the flow in- creased to 1,000 gallons a day. Next a steam-engine was applied, and the oil stood for a length of time against constant pumping night and day. Very soon the news of its success brought speculators by hundreds to the locality, and the Oil Creek was bored throughout its length and breadth, till 375 distinct bores could be counted in it. The surrounding district was also put to the torture, till the aggregate number of bores mounted up to 2,000. The yield was enormous, whether judged by the actual returns of some of the best bores, seventy-four of which showed a daily average of 37,000 gallons, or by the exports of oil, which in 1863 were estimated at eighty millions of gallons! From these figures we can understand how petroleum should be almost supreme in Wall-street and Broadway, while old King Cotton and its less reputable successor Shoddy are fading into in- significance. The creation of a new staple of world-wide importance, and of a new order of castrocracy, is not all, however, which petroleum has accomplished. It has led to various scientific discoveries, which gave a fresh impetus to in- dustrial progress. Paraffine, which a few years ago caused as much excitement among English traders and householders as petroleum now does in America, is a kind of half- brother to petroleum. The inventor of it, Mr. James Young, of Glasgow, to whom, by the way, we are indebted for the above details of the 'Ile Dorado,' got the idea of distilling oil from coal suggested to him when on a visit to Pennsylvania. He made an in- vestment at Oil Creek and set about erecting works to refine his petroleum for the market. While they were still in process of erection, being evidently a restless and proud sort of man, it occurred to him that the new oil must be derived from coal. He knew that gas was a product of coal distilled at a high tempera- ture, the complimentary product being coal tar. If a medium between the gas and the tar could be obtained it would, no doubt be more useful than either. He tried to obtain it by distilling coal at the lowest temperature at which it can be decomposed, and the result was an oil "consisting of various liquids with paraffine dissolved in them." This was the paraffine oil which he afterwards patented and made a fortune from that will bear com- parison with any in Wall- street or the 'Ile Dorado.' He is not satisfied with it, however, but thinks that paraffine may yet do a great deal more both for himself and the public than it has had an opportunity of doing. He has a prophetic vision of paraffine being used for cooking and engine-driving, as well as for lighting. The denizens of large towns would thereby escape the dense clouds of smoke which factory chimneys are always casting forth. The public in general would get their cooking and warming done more cheaply, more conveniently, and in a more cleanly healthy manner than at present. Ocean steamers in particular would be benefited by an immense saving in the stowage of fuel, as well as in the expense of working their engines. Coal, instead of being always used in its bulky and dirty natural form, might be decomposed into oil or paraffine, and coke or smokeless coal. The former could be employed where portability and intensity of heat are essential — for example, on steam ships, which could carry the same amount of paraffine fuel in half the space which coal requires ; the latter— coke — could be appro- priated to factory and houshold use, where the prevention of smoke is a desideratum. The light-giving qualities of the oil as compared with other substances indicate what we may expect from it as a fuel. A gallon of it, weighing 8¼lbs., gives as much light as 23½ lbs. of sperm candles, or 40 lbs. of tallow candles. The scientific reason for this is that animal oils contain oxygen, which in the process of burning gets combined with hydrogen and developes water, which reduces the intensity of the light. When we hear scientific men prophesying that the coal re- sources of Great Britain may become exhausted at a comparatively early date, too much atten- tion cannot be given to the new kind of fuel which is offering itself thus unmistakeably to us. Formerly men thought of the working out of the coal mines as a precursor of the end of all things. Now we see that it may only be a necessary step in the series of carboniferous development — the substitution for a lower form of a higher better suited to the circum- stances of the age ; as in Mr. Darwin's depart- ment one plant succeeds another, and one ape pushes another out of existence by virtue of its improved claws or a longer tail. By all the laws of natural development petroleum and paraffine ought gradually to get the upper hand of coal. New Colonial Bank.— In another column will j be found the prospectus of 'The Rank of Ade- I [aide,' with a capital of £250,000, in 50,000 shares I sf £5 each ; 2s. 6d. payable on application, 17s. 6d. in allotment, and the remaining sum in calls at intervals of not less than three months. In the list of promoters appear the names of gentlemen of I high commercial standing, and very cogent reasons are advanced in favour of establishing a Bank of a strictly South Australian character, having its head office in Adelaide. As an evidence of the success likely to attend such an undertaking, abstracts are given to show the degree of prosperity which has followed the operations of other banking establishments in the city. When the requisite number of shares have been allotted a meeting is to be held to arrange the deed of settlement; and it is intended immediately to make applica tion w raruament ror an Act ot incorporation. The liability of the shareholders will be limited I to twice the value of their shares. The advertise* I ment intimates the way in which application is to I be made. I CORONER'S INQUEST. — An inquest was held at the Adelaide Hotel, Hindley- street, on Saturday, June 3, by the Coroner, Dr. Woodforde, for the pur- pose of enquiring into the circumstances attending the death of William Henry Dumbleton, the land- lord of the Hotel who was killed the previous evening by a fall from a ladder whilst lighting his lamp. The Jury, having assembled and chosen Mr. W. Leaver, jun., as their Foreman, proceeded to view the body. On their return evidence was adduced of the circumstances connected with the deceased's death. It appeared from the evidence that at about 6 o'clock on Friday evening, the usual time for lighting the lamp outside the Hotel, the deceased brought a ladder from the back of the Hotel and placed it against the lamppost for the purpose of lighting the lamp. A person named Michael Reardon, who was at the house at the time, ascended the ladder, but found that the gas was not turned on. The deceased then went into the house and turned the gas on, and then went up the ladder himself, lit the gas, and was on the point of descending, when his foot slipped, and he drew the ladder over upon him, falling on his back with his head towards the watertable and his body on the foot- path. Mr. H. Woodcock, of North Adelaide, who witnessed the occurrence, rushed to the assistance of the deceased, and, with the help of Reardon, carried him into the house and laid him on a sofa. He was then insensible, but after a while he ap- peared to regain his senses, and said he was not hurt. He felt a pain in his head, but they need not send for any doctor. It appeared, however, that Dr. Clark was sent for, but before he arrived the deceased had expired. All the witnesses coincided in stating that the deceased was not intoxicated at the time, although he had drunk one or two glasses of beer. The Coroner said it seemed to him that the occurrence was of an accidental character; but there appeared to be some doubt as to whether the deceased was under the influence of liquor at the time of the accident or not. However, the chief cause of those enquiries was to ascertain whether the occurrence was accidental or whether there was any blame attributable to any persons. In his opinion the present accident was purely of an accidental nature He imagined that there could be no doubt in their minds, for there was none in his, that the deceased's death was caused by the fall, and in his opinion he died of hemorrhage, a blood-vessel having been ruptured by the fall, and kept continually bleed- ing. The Jury, without hesitation, returned a verdict of "accidental death." The Coroner re- marked that he had seen the ladder referred to, and found that it was sound in every respect, being almost new. Town Hall, Nobwood.— From particulars in another column, it will be seen that the second entertainment of a series in aid of St. Bartho lomew's Church, will take place this evening, at the Town Hatt, Norwood. It includes a lecture on AUtronomy, with illustrations, by the Eev. Mr. Ibbetson, a collection ef vocal and instrumental music, andsornereadings by Mr. O. K. Eichardscn. Victoria Theatre.— There was a very good attendance at.the/Eheatre on Saturday evening, on the occasion of the last appearance of Mr. O'Neil, when 'The Irish Diamond,' 'The Hole in the Wall,' and 'Handy Andy' were performed. At the end of the first piece, Mr. W. O'Neil, whose performances during the evening were received with loud and frequent bursts of hearty applause, was honoured with a call before the curtain. He thanked the audience for the very liberal patron age which they had bestowed on him during his stay in Adelaide, and remarked that should he again have an opportunity of visiting Adelaide before leaving the colonies, he should gladly do so. This evening the historical drama ' Whitefriars, or the days of Claude Duval' will be played, to be followed by a favourite farce. On Wednesday evening the performances will be for the benefit of Mr. and Mrs. Greville, and we have no doubt that the object of the evening's entertainment will secure a good house for the occasion. XHE CHRISTY JMNSTELS.— The Christy Min strels gave their first day performance on Saturday afternoon. The attendence was not very large, but it included the children from the Destitute Asylum, with their teachers, who had been generously admitted free to witness the entertainment, which passed off welL In the evening the performances were not largely attended, owing no doubt to the wintry aspect of the weather. The programme contained some old favourite songs and new comic pieces, which were well rendered, and the enter tainment concluded with the spirited afterpiece /'Manager in Distress,' in which the principal characters were sustained by Messrs. Harvey, Collins, and Brown. We observe that the accom plished humorist and minstrel Mr. W.P.Collins, will take his benefit this evening, and it is to be hoped that the public will show, by attending in large numbers, their hearty appreciation of the genuine and versatile talent he displays. Frith'8 ' Derbv Day.'— It will be seen by an advertisement in another column that Frith's famous picture of the ' Derby Day' will be on view at the Institute on Thursday or Friday next. Photographic Feat.— We have had sent to our office for inspection some singular photographic pictures, by Mr. B. Goode, artist, Kundle-street. They, in Eome respects, resemble a picture by Mr. Freeman, noticed in this paper a few days ago, but differ from that specimen of photographic art in some important details. In both case3 the same individual h pre sented in different costumes and attitudes, recalling to mind the legend of 'The Fetch,' or a man seeing the ghost of himself. In one of Mr. Goode's pictures ' the man and his double' are ahakinc hands— an effect which requires, we should imagine, very carelul arrangement and delicate manipulation to produce it. It is not uncommon to see men on very good terms with themselves; but Toby Twinklelis the only previous instance we have met with of a man shaking hands with himself. The other carUs illustrate the same system, and show persons in different positions. Thb White Well.— We understand that a plentiful supply of good water has been obtained on a section not a 'mile from the White Well, in a south and west direction, and at the moderate depth of 45 feet. The Guard Bill— A meeting of volunteers has been convened by the officers of several com panies, to be held this evening, at the Hamburg Hotel, |' to consider the operation of the Guard Bill now under discussion in Parliament.' The New Koad Bill.— We observelthat the country districts are beginning'.to take an interest in the new Eoad BilL A public meeting will be held this evening at Macclesfield to consider its provisions in connection with the Estimates, and a meeting for a similar purpose is advertised to be held at Unley on Wednesday evening. Meetings in other districts are also talked of, though at thia very busy time of the year.the farmers can hardly be expected to muster in very large forces for political purposes. Gawler Tows.— Our correspondent informs us that Messrs. Green & Wadham sold in the Odd fellow's Hall, Gawler, on Saturday last, all the unsold allotments and blocks in Gawler Town and Gawler East, at prices averaging respectively £170 and£40 per acre. The attendance wa3 exceedingly numerous and the biddings spirited. The amount realized, JE5.305, speaks well for the prosperity of Gawler. Phrenology.— We are requested to state that Mr. A. S. Hamilton will deliver his tenth lecture on the above subject at the old Council Chamber this evening. Primitive Methodist Connexion.— A tea and public meeting will be held this evening in the Primitive Methodist Jubilee Chapel, Morphett street, in aid of the Trust Fond. Mr. S. Bakewell will preside. Insolvency Court.— One case of insolvency— that of James Johns— came before His Honor Mr. Commissioner Macdonald on Saturday, June 3. Mr. Simpson, who appeared, in the absence of Mr. Boucaut, for several opposing creditors, withdrew the charges which had been preferred at the pre vious hearing. His Honor consequently awarded the insolvent a second-class certificate without sua. pension. The Orpheus SociStt.— When several months igo we referred to the transformation of the Upper Sullah Class, in connection with the South Austra Lianlnstitute, into the Orpheus Society, we observed that an Association, having for its object the practice of vocal and part music, would supriy a want long felt in this city, and expressed a hope that the public would assist in carrying out the object of the promoters. Since that time many new members have beeu added to the roll and under the skilful direction of Mr. H. F. Price the Society promises to be one of the most successful of the kind yet formedin Adelaide. At the time alluded to Handel's ''Messiah' was put in rehearsal, and sine* then that sublime oratorio has been constantly prac tised. Some of the choruses are now executed in a manner highly creditable both to the conductor and the members of the Society. Although the 'Messiah' is being diligently practised it must not be supposed that it entirely engrosses the attention of the Society. Fresh pieces, written by favourite composers, are being constantly introduced. The proceedings are thereby relieved of the monotony which otherwise might become attached to them* The 'Anvil Chorus,' ' See our oars,' the'Gipsy Chorus,' 'Hark, hark, the lark,' and many other popular compositions hare been practised, xne I Society has now reached such a state of proficiency 1 that it is capable of rendering those pieces in good j style,[and other new pieces wul no doubt be intro- 1 duced from time to time. We might suggest that I the charming quartette, 'Come where my Love I lies Dreaming,' could be introduced with much I advantage, and it would form a very agreeable j addition to the Society's rtpertork. Although the I want of good alto voices is not easily remedied, yet as one or two of the members have taken alto parts with much success, we think the piece we have suggested could be safely included in the Society's exercises. Gawler Institute.— On Friday evening, Jund ; the Kev. J. Maughan;delivered a lecture ia he Oddfellows' Hatt. Gawler Town, on 'The 3hemistry of Fermentation, with special re- 1 erence to the manuafacture of Wine.' Owing to ;he shortness of the notice of the lecture there irasonlyan ordinary attendance. The President I 3f the Institute, wtio occupied the chair, after a j [ewappropriate remarks, called upon Mr. Maughan who said that every part of the world had its own commercial products, and South Australia was no exception to the rule. There could be no doubt but that in a few years this colony would become a great wine-producing district, but to become great in the production of wine they must properly understand the nature of fermentation. Such knowledge was also necessary to the consumers of wine, as they would thus be able properly to understand the chemical and physiological dia racter of the beverages they consumed. By fer mentation was to be understood the conversion of an organic substance into one or more new com pounds in the presence or by the aid of another body called a ferment. Milk was capable of under going three kinds of fermentation— the alcoholic, the lactic, and the buttyric Tannic acid was capable of undergoing the process of gallic fer nentation; pectin, or vegetable jeuy, unaer- i rent the pectic fermentation. Ifine sawdust : ind such substances as damp hay or cotton | frequently went through a process of fer mentation called 'eremacausis,' which meant slowly burning; but the most important and nbundant forms of fermentation were the three rinus forms— the alcoholic, the yiscus, and the ascetic These were the three principal forms of change through which starch substances, such as grape juice, were accustomed to pass. The juices of grapes contained at least 17 different ingredients —sugar, pectin or vegetable jelly, gum, wax, vegetable albumen, vegetable gluten, free tartaric acid, potash, and tartaric acid, forming cream of tartar, alumina, oxide of manganese, oxide of iron, sulphate of potash, choride of sodium or common salt, phosphate of lime, magnesia, and silicic acid ; but the most abundant and important of these substances was the sugar. There were three kinds of sugar-cane, fruit, and grape. Grape sugar con sisted of three chemical elements, hi the following proportions-carbon 12 parts, hydrogen 14 parts, oxygen 14 parts. As, however, it was important that the nature of these elements should be pro perly understood, he would give some practical illustrations of their properties. The lecturer here performed a number of original and beautiful ex periments to show the nature of the four gases nitrogen, carbonic acid, hydrogen, and oxygen, which were in every instance successful. To show that loaf sugar consisted simply of charcoal and the elements of water, he took a large piece ' of sugar, and by a simple chemical process transformed it into a mass of blackened charcoal, the exhibition of which excited great interest amongst the audience. Mr. Maughan then pro ceeded to describe at considerable length the various changes through which the fruit of the -ne passed— from starch in the unripe grape to ruit sugar, from fruit sugar to grape sugar, from ^ape sugar to .alcohol, carbonic acid, and water, nd from alcohol to vinegar. The lecture occu lied about two hours in delivery, and the lecturer ras loudly applauded at its cIobc as well as during he performance of the different experiments, rotes of thanks were accorded to Mr. Maughan md the Chairman, and the hope was expressed ;hat many such lectures would be delivered in lawler and throughout the colony. The Murray and Darling Rivers.— We have been obligingly favoured with the following. infor- mation concerning the steamers Warrego and Lady Augusta and the state of the rivers, and it is dated from Wentworth, May29:-'By the mail which arrived here yesterday I am informed the Darling has risen six feet at Fort Burke, and at the time the mail left it was still rising about four inches in 24 hours. The Murray, which was mentioned in my last as rising, has continued to do so up to the present time, and has risen nearly a foot, but is now nearly stationary. The steamer Warrego, after effecting the necessary repairs to that portion of her hull which got damaged by the snags, sailed from here for Blanchtown on Thursday laEt. The steamer Lady Augusta, on her passage down the Darling, when a few miles from Wentworth, ran upon a large snag, but being empty nothing was damaged except the vessel, which, after del&ying; a ijly \,\J ICUulii (U11IVU iSAbAV UU II vutivnuwj «muv| mun* sailed the next day for Goolwa. She experienced some difficulty in getting out of the Darling into the Murray in consequence of the mouth of the former being nearly tilled up with sand. A fine rain fell here on Saturday night, with every appear ince at present of more to follow soon, which is rery much needed as the feed is very scarce.' The Mail Service via Torres Straits.— A correspondent of the.Quecnsls.nd Daily Guardian, writing to that journal, asks:—' What prevents a monthly English mail via Torres Straits being at once established ? Do not the Queensland or Aus tralasian Steam Navigation Company run steamers monthly to Cardwell, Eockingham Bay? From that port to Somerset it is about 250 miles; thence to Adam's Bay, the South Australian settlement, 300 miles ; and from there on to Coepang, a port of Timor, 420 miles. It is situated in lat. 10° 9' 9' S.. long. 12.T 35' 7' E. With the latter place the Dutch Govertment communi cate per steamer monthly from Batavia, and from that port to Singapore fortrjightly, meeting the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamers with the English mails. Would not the Platypus make an excellent despatch boat, and with ease run her 2,000 miles a month to and from Cardwell to Coepang, via Adam Bay, at an expense of not greater than £6,000 per annum; half of which amount the South Australian Government, doubt less, would cheerfully pay, In order to keep up the communication with their settlement? And any further subsidies to the P. and O. Company, or Dutch Government, as well as Queensland Company, doubtless, would be defrayed by the 3outhem colonies in conjunction with .New Zealand. Somerset would make an excellent and cheap coaling depot, as any of the numerous large vessels which annually pass that port from Sydney to Singapore, would be glad of the chance to carry coal at moderate rates, and drop them there.' Coroner's Inquest at Gawler River. —An inquest was held on the body of Ann Eoberts, who died suddenly at her residence, Carclew, Gawler iiiver. on Saturday last, May 27, before Mr. J. S. Millner, J.P., of which the fol lowing are the particulars:— Jonathan Roberts, farmer, Gawler River, sworn, saith— The deceased is my wife. She is fifty-two years of age. For the last ten years she has had a bedroom to her self, and on Saturday morning, the 27th instant, as was my usual custom if she was not up when I went to work, I knocked at her bedroom door. There was no answer, and I then called her by her name. I then went to the window and called asrain. There was no answer to either call. 1 came back to the door and found my daughter there also calling, but she received no answer. I tried to open the door, but it was fastened inside with a string, I cut the string and went to the Bide of the bed and found her lyinj.' dead. The body wa,s cold. There did hot appear to have been any struBRle, as she was lyju« quite straightThe features were quite calm. She went to bed the night before between 10 and 11 o'clock. She was then pooily, but able to get about. It was about 9 o'clock m the mom injf when I called her. She had been deranged more or lesa, sometimes completely, for the : last 19 years, but had been in good bodily health.. It seemed to me that she Buffered from religious monomania. She was melancholy, and often wished to Bhun all society. To my knowledge she has never attempted to .do any injury to herself or others There is no poison in the house that she could get possession of. Up to her retiring to rest thTnight ol her death 1 had observed nothing unusual about her health. She was m the habit of fastening her bedroom door either by tying or boUtaz it. Eli» Jane EoberU daughter ef Jona thanKoberts, sworn, saith— The deceased is my Sher? On Saturday, the 87th instant, I was with my father at my mother's bedroom door. I called her three times, but received no answer. When my father cut the string which fastened the door I went in with him to the »ide of the bed, and there saw my mother lying dead. She had been a little poorly for about a week, complaining of pairu in her back and between her shoulders, but there was nothing about her that created uneasiness in our minds. To my knowledge she has not had medical attendance but once for some years. She has never attempted any injury to herself or others. Mary Meagher, of (lawler Eiver, widow, sworn, saith— I superintended the laying out of the body of deceased. I examined it all over. There were bo marks of violence on any part of the body. The deceased appeared like a weman in a sound sleep. Ihe Jury returned the following verdict :-Died from natural caum-tfunyip, June 3, 