SATURDAY, JANUARY 21, 1866. Surprise and astonishment are terms altogether too mild to express the feel- ings which were evoked in the city yes- terday by the publication of the minis- terial budget. It had not entered into the mind of the most rabid anti- Minis- terialist to conceive that a Cabinet, consisting pre-eminently of practical men, could have presented such a mass of objectionable propositions to the country. It had not dawned upon the weakest intellect in Melbourne to sup- pose that a Ministry, the real heads of which are themselves merchants, could have submitted to Parliament a plan so well calculated to destroy the trade of the port, and embarrass and embitter the people, who would at once suffer from and be deceived by it. But these marvels have come to pass. From a commercial Ministry the country has received a proposition which aims a mortal blow at the prosperity of its commerce, and the comfort of its people. It is little to be wondered at, therefore, that nothing else was talked of yesterday in the city. Impromptu gatherings to discuss the budget took place at every trader's door. Meetings of importers of various classes of goods were held to take such instant steps as the emergency permitted to oppose the passage of the altered tariff ; and the Chamber of Commerce summoned a special public meeting of merchants and traders, to be held on Monday next, to give expression to the general feeling on the subject. It is impossible to compress within the compass of an article the infinite variety of objections to the tariff which were expressed on all hands. Every man's experience in business furnished him with new and peculiar arguments against its adoption. It was not denied by any one that the passage into law of the tariff produced by the Treasurer would utterly extinguish the intercolonial trade. The colony has striven, ever since it had an independent existence, to make Melbourne, as a free port, the depot of trade for all the colonies-- as London and Liverpool are for all the kingdoms and countries between the poles. It has to a very large extent succeeded ; and now, in very heedlessness of consequences, it is proposed to undo all that has been done. Let this tariff be passed, and we shall no longer receive consignments from Leeds and Manchester, to be warehoused here till they become absorbed in the trade of the seven colonies of Australasia. The soft goods men-whose trade is expanding enormously at present, and on whom the tax will fall to the extent of £800,000 per annum- may withdraw their travellers from the neighbouring colonies, and close their doors ; for what intercolonial trade can be conducted under a system of repressive, if not prohibitory, duties ? It is folly to talk of drawbacks on ex- ports in this and similar trades. Give us this tariff, and every warehouse- man-- every merchant, indeed, who does business with the neighbouring colonies \-- would be forced to have a bonded room in his own premises, where pack- ages might be opened, and parcels packed, in the presence and under the eye of a locker, paid by the merchant at so much an hour ! Surely the mere contemplation of such a state of things in the trade of the port is enough to warn us from adopting a system which only utter barbarism, as regards the theory of trade and commerce, could tolerate. The new tariff, indeed, seems to be specially directed against that particular branch of business known as the soft goods trade, both domestic and intercolonial, though it is scarcely less severe on others. A very few examples of how it would operate will suffice to show its undesirable character. On every case of soft goods, the new tax would amount to about £5. If silk is used in any degree in the manufactured article, the tax becomes prohibitive, being at least fifteen per cent. On a silk hat invoiced at 17s. 4d., the duty would be 4s. Hats, therefore, which on Thursday were sold at 21s., were yester- day ticketed at 25s. The cheapest kind of ladies' bonnets are invoiced at 8s. On these the duty is 4s., or fifty per cent. Saddles are imported at £15 per dozen ; but by the proposed measurement duty, the tax will amount to 15s. a saddle. On a gig collar, value 11s., the duty would be 4s., or something like thirty per cent. A bale of corks is worth 10s., and the duty on it would be 15s., or 150 per cent. Sago is worth 2½d. per lb. ; the proposed tax of 1d. per lb., therefore, is thirty-three and a third per cent. on the value of the article. The importer of a carriage would be taxed at least £10 before he could land it. Toys worth £250 would fill cases measuring 552 cubic feet. As the tariff was first pub- lished, the duty upon them would have amounted to £55. As amended, the charge would be £27 10s., or ten per cent. A crate of stoneware is shipped from England at the invoice price of £3, less seven and a half per cent. for discount. It measures forty four feet. The new duty upon it would be £2 4s., and the wharfage rate would be 33 more. If these charges are added to the cost of freight, insurance, and merchants' commission, we shall simply find the importer driven from the market, and tho public forced to content themselves with very inferior wares ; for we are, as yet, far from being in a position to supply our own wants even in this small matter, although the time is coming-- and that without help from protective duties when we shall no longer be importers of the coarser sorts of earthenware. We may quote salt as a last example. This article is produced in England at 4s. 9d. per ton for coarse, and 7s. 6d. pet ton for fine qualities. On board ship its v.ortli is 20s. per ton. The tax proposed to be levied is 20s. per ton, to which has to be added 5s. per ton for wharfage rates. The port taxes, therefore, would be not less than 600 per cent, on the original value of the article. In the face of such out- rageous impositions as these, what city could maintain a race for over-sea trade against freer ports, some nearer at hand, and some not much farther distant than Melbourne? But if protection to the native worker was the guiding principle in the framing of this tariff, it has signally failed to im- press itself on the items of which the new scale of duties is composed. With no better protection than free trade afforded, our soap manufacturers have driven the imported article out of the market. In this branch of business cocoa-nut oil is one of the moat essential of the raw materials used. Without it the soap-boiler might rest himself from his labours. But the tariff proposes to en- courage the soap-boiler by imposing a duty of twenty per cent, on cocoa-nut oil ! Eope- spinning and leatherwork i are amongst our native industries ; and this same tax on oils would inflict a burden upon them many times greater than the assistance which the framers of the tariff _ proposed to render them. Saddlery of the highest class pays no more duty than that of the least value. Saddles worth £72 per dozen occupy no more room than those worth £15 per dozen. Your " lazy aris " tocr_t," who chooses a soft and good saddle, in preference to one of common make, has no more duty to pay to the 1 state for his purchase than has the poor fellow whose purse will stretch only to the commonest article. Nor is the na- tive saddler benefited, because he makes , only the very finest class of work. The rate of wages, and other charges, preclude the local producer from turn- ing out the commoner class of goods. The poor purchaser, therefore, is taxed, as much as the rich one, and not the shadow of an excuse on the score of protection to native industry can be ad- vanced for the imposition. In the same manner the poorer classes will suffer in. the items of boots and shoes. A pair of coarse navvy boots, such as men uso who work hard with their hands- such aB miners and labourers-will occupy the samo space in a package as a dozen pairs of ladies' boots. The duty will i be four shillings on the one pair for the labourer, and on the twelve pairs intended for more delicate feet. He, therefore, who will pay for the protec- tion the shoemaker will receive will be the horny-handed fellow who has a use for every shilling he earns, and to whom four shillings extra on a pair of boots ,is an income-tax of a most oppressive kind. Through all descriptions of leather-work the same remark applies, and the statistics of trade show that , 1*13 <V H , 'çjj this is no unimportant part of the busi- ness we do. As regards jewellery, we need only refer to what occurred years ago in Tasmania, where a similar im- post was followed by most (extensive smuggling. The same tiling will happen here. The new tariff, in Bhort, is everywhere condemned. For one word of praiae for the reductions it proposes, there are ninety-nine of condemnation for the things it attempts. The Treasurer was singularly unlucky in his reference to Tasmania. We find no encouragement in the experience of that colony to in- . duce us to follow its example in so important a matter as this. The ope îation of import duties, though asso- ciated with a system of drawbacks, has totally destroyed the export trade of Hobart Town and Laun- ceston. We must look to progres- sive, and not retrogressive countries and colonies. With Sydney on one side re- turning to a system of free trade, and with Adelaide on the other, always free and en- terprising, we cannot afford to follow tho example of Tasmania, or to look upon the state of Hobart Town as that to which we should like to see Melbourne reduced. Parliament has no choice. If it adopts this tariff it destroys the intercolonial trade; it burdens the colony with another quarter of a million of taxation for no adequate reason; and it affords such a protec- tion to native industry as, in truth, would be found in practice a delusion and a snare. From the ignorant and wilful incapacity which has brought us to face such a calamity as we aro threatened with in this proposal, there muBt be escape. Better that there should be a less lavish expenditure in many directions-better that we Bhould have no Parliament to rule over us than one which gives us a stone ?«hen we ask for bread - better that we should have any Ministry, or no Ministry at all, than that such a lasting injury should be done to this colony as is inseparable from the adop- tion of the M'Culloch tariff. A reward of £100 is offeied in tha Qaxeltt of last night for the conviction of the person or perçons who, on the 4th inst., Bet fire to a brush-fence on the run of Mr. Thomas Russell, at Wurrook ; a reward of ¡£60 for the convic- tion of the person or persons who set fire to the dwellinghouses of John Fitzpatrick and James Lewis, in Bank street, Emerald-hill, on the 1st inst. ; And a reward of £40 for the discovery of the party of men who, by the careless use of ure, aro believed to have caused the destruction of certain fences and a hut, on tbe Warranooke Station, Glenorchy, on the 29th nit. À reward of £20 ia also offered for the discovery of the parson who left a obild on the door step of Mr. Morgan's house, in Victorio-parade, Fitzroy, on the 2nd inst. Unwonted animation was displayed through- out the commercial quarter of Melbourne yesterday when the proposal, contained in the financial statement of the Treasurer came to he thoroughly understood and ap- preciated. The western end of Collias street-that Melbourne Rialto "where mer- chants most do congregate"-was in a tar moil, and, go great was the excite meut that the ordinary transactions of buslntBB came almost to a standstill. A special meeting of the Committee of the Chamber of Commerce took place ia the after- noon, at which two resolutions were passed, the first asserting that the new tariff laid before Parliament wbb highly objectionable, as being calculated to ibflict moat serious injury upon tho trade of the colony, and more particularly on the inter- colonial trade of Melbourne; and the second requesting the president to sum- mon a meeting of the Chamber to decide on the steps to be tflken j« opposition to Mr. Ver don's propositions. A large andinfmentialiy attended meeting of warehousemen was alda held at the Duke of Rothsay, at which a committee of six gentlemen was appointed to draw up a petition to be presented to the Assembly pointing out the ruinous effect such a measure as the one proposed would have on the soft goods trade ; and at a third meeting-of the larger importen of iron mongf ry- held at the same place, the opinion was unanimously expressed that the new tariff would completely destroy the intercolonial trade, and would be productive of the very worst effect upon the internal trade of the colony. It was also resolved, at this last meeting, that a petition, praying the Legisla- tive Assembly to abolish altogether the new tariff, and pointing ont the advantages of an entirely free port, should be drawn up, the gentlemen present expressing their willing- ness to submit, if necessary, to a property tax, or oven to an income tax, in order to provide a sufficient revenue. In the absence of a quorum, there was no sitting of the Legislative Assembly yester- day. Petitions for five private billa have been lodged with the proper officers of Parliament since the commencement of the session. The measures are:-The Sandhurst and Ingle- wood Tramway Bill, a Bill for the Amalga- mation of the Hobson'a Bay and Suburban. Ballway?, a Bill for the Incorporation of the Ballarat Water Commission, a Bill for the Sale of the St. Kilda anl Brighton Railway, and a Bill for the Incorporation of the boroughs of Ballarat West, Ballarat East, Castlemaine, and Sandhurst. Among the estimates of expenditure placed before the Legislative Assembly on Thursday evening were tho " second supplementary for 1804," amounting to £73,26312'. lid., and mado np as under :-Chief Secretary, £8,610 18s. 7d. ; Attorney General, £1,163 18s. (k1. ; Minister of Justice, £684 10.. 6d. ; Treasurer, £18,863 los. 6d. ; Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey, £704; Commissioner of Publio Works, £7,634 l63. 4d ; Commissioner of Trade and Customs, £3,748 16s. ; Post master-Oeneral, £8,930 l8.. 3d.; Commis- sioner of Railways and Roads, £23,303,2a. 7d. ; Minister of Mine., £100. The items in- clude £3,000 as a gratuity to the family of the late Mr. Richard Heales ; £460 for con- structing an experimental raft; and £1,660 for piers for the Botanio Gardens bridge. The Elections and Qualifications Committee of the Legislative Assembly met yesterday, by adjournment, for the purpose of proceed- ing with the Sandridge election petition. After hearing the opening statement of the counsel for the petitioner, a farther adjourn- ment took place to Thursday next. In the [Church Assembly yesterday, the bill for the sonstitution of parochial 'committees or vestries waB unexpectedly lost on the third reading. Though thora was an absolute majority in its favour of the whole assembly, there wbb a small majority of the clergy ngainBt the bill A rather curlouB point was raised in the course of taking the vote. When the members had taken their places on the opposite Bides of tho hall, one of the clergy was objected to as incapacitated for votirg,,on O'e ground that' he lad obtained leave of »bsenoe to go to England, Divers opinions were expressed, and. ïlr Runden ítated that in Parliament a lea« of absence to a member waa a diaquali íwtion for voting until it waa recalled. No decision, however, was come to on the point, ile ohjeotio- having been withdrawn. Mr. Bardweil'a bill for the appointment of the «rancil of the diooose by the assembly, not Meeting with a favourable reception, waB withdrawn. Mr- A'Beokett'a, on the conse nation of churches, was passed. A resolu- tion by the Bev. Mr. Handfield, for the in BMction of Church of England Schools, ander the direction ,of the bishop, was "r'pilmously adopted. The Assembly was iftP^-rorogued line die. \ Î^SaBt Collingwood Gold-mining Oom puny held their half-yearly meeting last night. On previous occasions the greatest difficulty j,as been experienced in mustering a quorum ; Jast evening a spacious room could hardly con tain the eBger and animated rush of share- holders attracted by the fame of the late gold discovery. Tho reports from the directora and engineer do not add much to existing information, but they show that aangaine noyes are entortttined as to the future. The adjourned half yearly meeting of the uliareholdera of tho Aerated Bread Company, was held yesterday. The principal business transacted was the passing of a resolution indemnifying the directora for a violation of the deed of settlement, in entering into 11a lllities in excess of two thirds of the* com- pany's capital. It wasBtated that the demand for the company's bread was in oxcosb of the supply, and the advisability of erecting new hskeriea waa impressed upon the share- holders. A special general meeting of the ahare holders of the Melbourne Gas and Ooke Company waa held yesterday, when a financial statement was submitted, showing a profit of ¿9,873 8s. on the operations of the previous half jtar. A dividend at the rate of eight per cent, per annum waa ordered to be paid. Tho firot half-yoarly general meeting of the Gnat Tunnel Quartz mining Company (Blaikwood) was hold, at the Golden Fleece Hofil, Eussell-Btreet, ia3t evening, Nearly forty porsona attended, and Mr, Brahe was appointed chairman. So soon as the minutes of the preceding meeting had been read by Mr J. YV. Wood, manager, and confirmed, the chilman read the directora' report, which set foilh that the purchase of the claim had been concluded, and the louee obtained for twenty four acres and a piece on which the machi eery was erected; that Mr. 0. Schatz was elected mining manager ; that contracts had been taken for making drives reefwards, and measures taken for the erection of a twenty-five loree power steam-engine, and twenty head of stampers ; and that the directors desired the shareholders' permission to effect a loan on the security of tho plant. The reporta of the mining and general managers wore also read, and In the latter tho company's expenditure Mas Ect down at £2,651 4a. 9d, leaving a balance of £24016s. 9d. to the bad, and the liabilities were set down at £1,024 2ä. ; while ,in tliooEEete, which were stated to amount to -3,696 18b. Gd, £1,350 appeared as uncalled capital and £2,000 as reserve shares. After a long discuESion the reporta were adopted, mi the vacancies in the directory refilled ; «ben the meeting terminated. Buring the whole of the proceedings those present drank and e-oked as in an ordinary tap-room' and the atmosphere- became so stifling and bad that it was difficult to remain in the Jcom long. ïhe halfyenriy meeting of the East Mel lonrne Artillery was held last evening, at the Eastern-hill Drill-room. From the financial statement Buhmltted it appeared that at Î resent, a debtor balance existed amounting to £12 6s. 4d, but as the corps numbered 122 {fleclives.when the grant on their account ms received, the sam of £320 will stand to tho credit of the corpa. Ganner Elliott was then elected as a non commissioned officer ; and a committee of twelve was appointed for the ensuing half-year. ¿meeting of the shareholders of the Fitz loy Bowling Club was held last evening, at the leviathan Hotel, Gertrude street ; Dr. Seriell in the chair. The report of the com mlttee appointed to decide upon a ground for the elnb ahowed that endeavours had been made, by applying to the mayor and town ?clerk of Melbourne, to obtain the garden teeeive in Victoria-parade, between George and Napier streets, for that purpose. It had leen ascertained that a memorial to the City Corporation would bs necessary, to give force lo the application, and it waa stated that one was now In course of signature. Another committee then submitted a report relative to the rules to be adopted, and the considera- tion of this report concluded the business of '. A return match between the Engliah and Scotch members of the Melbourne Bowling Club will take place this aft or noon, at the Chapel Btreet ground, commencing at three O'clock. 1 Tho second day's racing at Geelong was in every respect more successful than on the jpenÏDg day. There was a larger company, >nd the Bport the beat ever seen on the nurse. The District Plate was won by Mr. Bowell'sbm The Nun, beating Miss Bank by a head only, and live others behind them. The Criterion Handicap was won by Mr. Armstrong's Mozart, the winner of the Free Handicap on the previous day. Eight horses itaited for this race, and the only absentee bs Mr.Chirnside's filly Lily of the Valley ; T^be latter having met with an injury on the previous day of a nature which obliged Mr. Chirnside to causo her io be destroyed. The steeplechase was won hy Beaufort, beating longbow by half a head, after a very fine ¡fee. Pretty Boy, ahorse from the Burnbank plrlct, won the Trotting Race, and Obrono look the Consolation Plate, boating Olen 9-lle and Worrior. ]lt will be seen by an announcement else Were that the temporary fiBh-market, erected ii ¡ho City Council, near Prince's bridge, ia »dared open; and that henceforward the alo of fish in the streets will not be per- mitted. . i agenta of the steamer Resolute have BM« arrangements with the promoters of tbe F* now being held at Queenscliff in aid F1* funds of the Church of England, to I«« a trip to that locality to-day. The 7"nte will leave Sandridge Bailwoy Pier "> im., returning before dark. The new comet formed a very conspicuous object last evening in the south- western sky and attracted a good deal of notice from gatherers in the streets. Many a group stood at street corners, canvassing the appearance of the brilliant stranger and learnedly dis- erning its identity with former similar visi- tants, or the changes which it might be sup- posed to portend, according as the astro- nomical or [?]ological element predominated in their reflections. The comet was some- what shorn of its brightness by the obscuring [?]t of a smoke haze which hung about the horizon the moat of the day, and imparted so peculiar a tinge to the sun [?]t in the afternoon. But still made a noticeable appearance, and the tail could be discerned for a considerable length. Its position is nearly vertical to the horizon, and its long tail has almost rigid straightness. at once distinguishing its aspect to the common observer from the curved scimitar- like shape of our two or three last visitants this kind. The comet, it would seem, was first publicly noticed at Sandhurst, but yes terday's Castlemaine, Dunolly, and Ingle- wood papers remark its appearance, and express a desire to hear something about it from scientific observers. In the course of yesterday, signs of an extensive bush fire were observable in the direction of the Plenty ranges. Looking towards Studloy-park from Collingwood, the horizon was narrowed by dense clouds of smoke, the smell of which could readily be perceived in town. At the weekly meeting of the Executive Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, the superintendent made the following return ¡-Number of inmates in the home, as reported last week, 174 ; admitted since, 94 ; persons who have received out- door relief, 179, or 61 families. Total re- lieved, 447. Discharged from the home during the week. 94. Total at present remaining-, 174. Number stonobreaking, 9 ; oaknm-picking, 15. Unless we bave intimation of their wish to the contrary from the eubsorlbsrs, it is our intention to hand over to the Sailors' Home the two sums of £1 and £3 respectively, con- tributed towards a testimonial to Mr. Harris, in accordance with his expressed desire. Two inquests were held at the Yarra Bend Asylum, by Dr. Youl, on Thursday. One of the deceased was named John M'Mahon, agod thirty-four years, who had been an inmate since 13th September last; the other was Charles Orackendale, who waB brought to the asylum on the 2ad inst. In both cases the jury attributed death to the effects of dysen- tery. Dr. Youl hold an inquest, yesterday, at South Bourke, upon the body of Alice Good, aged a year and a half, daughter of Peter Good, a blacksmith, On the 18th inst., while her mo- ther was preparing breakfast, deceased pulled over a coffee-pot, which had been left stand- ing on the stove, and waa severely scalded by its contents. A surgeon was called in, but the child never ralllod. Convulsione set in, and ßhe died on the following day. The ver- dict was givon in accordance with these facts. I (The adjourned InqueBt upon the body of the child fonnd in the Market Reserve, Wil- liamstown, on the 13th inst., was resumed yesterday before Dr. Wilkins, the district coroner. As the authorities had been unsuc- cessful in obtaining further information, the jury returned an open verdict. An inquest was held yesterday, at Carlton, by the city coroner, upon the body of Mary Ann Allan, wife of William Allan, a store man. On the previous night, the deceased aroused her husband,-and complained Of vio- lent pain in the head ; she had been well in the evening. She asked her huflband to bind something round her head as tight as possible, which he did. She did not speak, but shortly after commenced to vomit violently. At first her husband thought that nothing seri- ous was the matter, as she had been accus- tomed to have such attacks for years, but as ehe lay for a long time insensible, he became alarmed, and* sent for a doctor, Before the doctor arrived deceased was dead. In accord- ance with the evidence of the medical man, the jury found that death was the result of softening of the brain and apoplexy. At the East Collingwood Police Court yes- terday, Elizabeth Griffiths, who had been remanded on the charge of attempting to drown herself in the Yarra» was brought up, and, after a suitable admoni- tion from the Bench, discharged. Several drunk and disorderly cases were disposed of. Fanny Cairns was sent for a month to gaol, and Archibald Brown and William Britten, for twenty-four hours eaoh, the former having the option of a 6s. fine. Peter Met- calf was sent to gaol for twenty-four hours, with hard lobour; and Henry Bremmer, foi fourteen days. Peter M'Oana, for leaving hit horse and cart unprotected ia the public streetF, was sentenced to three days' imprl eonment. Henry Coleman and Teresa, hil wife, summoned John Anderson el uxor, foi an assault, defendants being amerced in costs of 10s. The magistrates present wen Messrs. Fawkner, Cope, and Thomas, At the Williamstown Police Court yester day, Captain Martin, of the steamer London was summoned by the water police for ne glecting to keep proper watch on board hil vessel, as directed by the port regulations The constable on duty said that he boaidec the vessel at the Sandridge Railway Pie: on the night of the 17th inst., withoui seeing anyone, and it was afterwards dia covered that the officer who wa3 left ir charge of the deck had gone below ant turned in. As the charge was admitted a fine of 40s. was imposed, with 53. costs Mr, Campbell, water bailiff, summoned Cap tain Watson, of the schooner Au Revoir for a breach of the harbour regulations, ii making fast his vessel to a beacon in th Yana River. Complainant stated that th offence was committed in September last, bu that the captain had sailed for the Maúritiu before a summons could be served. Fo the defence Mr. Liley said ho waB th pilot in charge at the time, and h bad passed a line to the beacon to kee the schooner from going agronnd. On hearin this statement, the case was dismissed. Wi liam BayeB, a farmer, residing at Wyndhan appeared to answer a complaint made again: bimby ThomaBBarker for illegally detaining cow, alleged tohavebeen lost eighteen montl ago. The complainant's statements, howeve were flatly contradicted, even by one of h own witnesses, and as he failed to prove ti beast to be his property, the summons wi dismissed, with 20s. costs. Two men, name John Watson and Benjamin Salt, were charge with surreptitiously obtaining a passage froi Sydney to this port on boerd the You Yans steamer, just arrived, and were each fined 20. in addition to £2, the amount of the fare, i fourteen days' imprisonment in default. TI remaining business consisted of a number small debt cases, Mes.ra. Call and Mast occupied the Bench. A horrible occurrence took place at San hurst on Thursday. Early on that mornir a Chinaman who had been living in a te: near Ironstone-hill met his" death by h dwelling catching fire. It appears that abo five o'clock in the morning some Chine who resided close hy observed the tent ( fire, but, with the UBual terror of Chinese such coses, they took no steps either to e tinguish the fire or rescue the inmate, miner named William Campbell, who llv near, was informed of the circumstance, b before he could get to the tent it was total consumed, and the half-burned remains the poor Chinaman were found lying on t ground. They presented a most horrible a pearance, the legs and arms being complete burnt off, and nothing left but the char* trunk and skull. The Constitution of Wednesday says:-"Con cerning the moa, Dr. Rohner, who a day or two ago arrived at Chiltern from New Zealand, says out of a large quantity of bones transmitted some months ago to some cele brlty in Frankfort, two complete skeletons were set up. With the one erected some time since by Professor Owen in London, this makes three perfect specimens of the remains of this singular bird." The Dunolly Express of Thursday reports the discovery of a new gold-field, of which the first-fruit was a nugget weighing no less than two pounds. Our contemporary says: "The mining surveyor, Mr. R. J, M'Millan informs us that a prospecting claim was granted yesterday (Wednesday) to a miner named Robert Crump, for a new discovery between Moliagul and Murphy's Flat. The sinking is shallow, and the prospector ob- tained a nugget of over two pounds weight (as shown by a steelyard, that being the only scale available) off the bottom of the shaft. The ground is two miles from any other diggings." The mining operations which have been carried on in search of a deep lead at Colling- wood Flat have not been barren of results, and the success which has been achieved bids fair to lead to deeper research for a similar object on Richmond-flat; and the Survey pad- dock, which is at present given ovet to snakes, experimental horticulture, and pic nie par- ties, is likely soon to become the scene of gold-digging operations as extensive, and profitable mayhap, as those of our gold-fields whose name and fame are already established. Applications have already been mado to Government by different parties for leases of ground, to the extent of fifty acres, on Rich- mond Flat, for_ining purposes; and at a meeting of the local borough council last evening it was stated that claims had been taken near the eastern continuation of Swan" street. This looks like businesj ; aud by reason of mining operations which are being pursued, and other, which eje projected in its immediato vicinity, Melbourne will Bpeedily acquire tho title of tho metropolitan gold- field. By the Black Swan wo have Tasmanian dates to the 19th ¡nat. The following is the latest report of the salmon :-" The news up to the 15th Inst. from tho New Norfolk breed- ing ponds is of the most cheering character ia reference to tho salmon and trout in the ponds. As to the salmon, Mr. Ramsbottom states that they are exceedingly lively, ac- tually jumping out of the water ; and they have grown at such a rate as to surpass any- thing of the kind he ever heard. Within the past three or four months they have grown so much as to completely astonish him. Only one of the large number in the ponds has died within the last three months, and that was supposed to be a deformed fish. The trout have also progressed in an equally satisfactory manner. They have grown three times the size they were two months ago, and some are now observed to measure up- wards of three inches in length. Mr Rams- bottom accompanies this cheering intelli- gence by the statement that he has now no doubt that the fish have been thoroughly acclimatised, and that tho waters of Tas- mania are almost as well suited to the breed- ing of this fish as their own native rivers." The Rangatira brings Brisbane papers to the 10th inst, They contain no intelligence of interest. By the Rangatira we have Sydney files to the 17th inst. The latest special telegram of the Berala, dated Suez, December 6, contains the following additional items of English and American news :-" The Times characterises the proposilion of the return of Australian expirées as a vindictive freak. Mr. Gladstone is preparing a budget to remit three millions. Prussia insists on the Federal evacuation of the Duchies. Austrian mediation ia necessary to prevent collision. In Venetia the insur- rectionary movement has been suppressed. Martial law is repealed. Mr. Lincoln contem- plates offering the Southern States amnesty and reunion. French mediation has been re- vived. The Confederate cruiser Florida has been ordered to New York for adjudication. The crew have been imprisoned." At the Theatre Royal to-night, there will¡¡be a change of performance. The burlesque of "King Turko" will be presented minns the comic pantomime, and will be preceded by the vaudeville of "The Loan of a Lover,' and followed by the farce of "A Ghost in Spite of Himself." At the Haymarket Thoatre there will be a day performance at half past two o'clock, and tho entertainment in the evening will be for the benefit ol Lady Don, who will take her farewell ol Melbourne on the occasion. Lady Don will appear as Thadeus in the opera ol "The Bohemian Girl," and as Prince Amiable in " The Last of the Ogres." The performance will be under the patronage of the Governoi and Lady Darling. 