NEW INSOLVENT. (Schedule filed in Ballarat.1 win. iuornber, carter, Splitter's Gully,Scarsdale. Causes of insolvency-Los3C9 on contracts for fire wood, and by the death of horses, want of employ ment, and pressure of creditors, several of whom had obtained judgment against him.' Debts, £58 16s 6ijd; assets, £3; deficiency, £55 16B 6|d. THE LAND SELECTIONS.-'The rush for Yup peckiar, on Monday, .was -very great, indeed, almost equal to that of any preceding area, the number of applicants being nearly 2000. All the land was of I good quality, "Borne of it first-rate. The whole wag selected. Yesterday the small area of Moutajup ,was.open.1 This area is situated in the close "vicinity of Mount Sturgeon and Mount Abrupt. Excepting a small number of allotments, which were literally up the mountains, the whole was selected. The number of applicants was not nearly so large as on the preceding day. Having to pay the money haB little influence now on the selectors of all kinds. The fact of so large a portion of each area being withdrawn, is, however, beginning _ to tell, the chances of a man's selecting being thereby reduced at leasV'one half. Although no one can honestly'dispute the justice of the withdrawals, it certainly is annoying to a man to find that the par ticular land he wanted, has been withdrawn almost at the last moment. In various'parts of the dis trict, we learn that the selectors are already com mencing oporatioo'B. .. Up the. country we hew of eases where ploughing has already commenced, while small flocks of sheep have been Btarted in' othe?r places. We believe one selector has been summoned for travelling sheep without'their being branded, as required by the Scab;Act.; Wo hear .it stated that possession cannot legally be taken, until the lease has been issued. It appears to us to be only1 fair that the squatter should be allowed some time to make provision for his stock. It is more than likely that these rapid movements are only feints, in many cases, to induce the squatter to come'to terms. The area of Congbool is open to-day, but at least half of it has been withdrawn.-Hamilton Spectator, 28th June.| - MINING ACCIDENT.--An accident, fatal in its con- sequence, and of a somewhat extraordinary char acter, occurred yesterday afternoon at the claim of the Little Bendigo Gold Mining Company. It ap- pears that one of the miners was engaged in the shaft, when a bucket fell and broke his left arm. Ho raisedan alarm, when some persons descended to his assistance, and he was placed in a bucket for the purppurpose of being drawn up to the surface. This was done to within a distance of ten feet, when by some means the unfortunate man fell headlong out of the bucket down the shaft to a depth of 140 feet. So soon as possible Dr Sharp arrived on the spot to render ! assistance, but the man must have been instan- taneously killed by the violence of his fall. His name was Samuel Powell, and he leaves a wife and three children. An inquest will be held on the body - to--] day.--M. A. Mail, 29th June. . MATCH EXTRAORDINARY.-At Hamilton, in wet \yeatber, the days are hard to get through. If you play for hours, even "props" become wearisome, and cards a bore. The newest entertainment was a match of a novel character, which came off at the Victoria yesterday. It \voa a sweep of - aovs, with drinks added, for the worst singer, not being a pro fessional. There were four entries, all of them well known cracks,as for as the voice was concerned, being generally reported as unmelodious souls as could be found-choirs and street singers excepted. Judges, starter, &c.;, being appointed, off' they' started. Number one broke down, as the first three notes were decidedly in tune, although the balance was bad enough to pass muster. Number two waB also thrown out, for, though the music was execrable, the words happened to be right. .Between the other two, s dead heat was run. In both cases the judges said there was not an atom of time, or a correct note, and not a line of the words was right; they, there fore, could not decide, and a fresh start tookploce.. One of them, however, whose feats in the amateur line^have been known on many a field, won by yards, : for he set up such a dismal ear-splitting howl, that ! the other gave up in despair;-Hamilton Spectator, 2SthJune. | INGENIOUS FRAUD.-We ara informed that an I ingenious forgery, by an .alteration in a cheque,was successfully practised on one of the banks in the township on Tuesday last. The alteration referred to consisted in the adding of the figure 0 after the figure 9 and the addition of the " ty'' to the word '.'nine," thus converting a cheque of £0 into one for £90.-M. A. Mail, 29th June. Brother Ignatius is engaged in serious difficulties with his third order. Some have resigned, and others do not please him, so that the order is in rather a bad way. The Feast of St. Benedict has been celebrated with great, pomp in the monastery. The " Mother Abbess," the celebrated Miss Sellon, assisted at the service in her full robes as anabbesB, an acolyte bearing her handsome pastoral staff.' On Good Friday morning. Brother Ignatius: and the brethren of the English Order of St. Benedict made special efforts to celebrate the day according to . their peculiar views. The chapel was hung with black, and all light was carefully excluded, although two large candles glimmered gloomily before tho altar. After a few seconds, however, it was appar ent that a procession was advancing at a snail's pace through the gloom, and treading its way carefully through a rather numerous and closely packed, congregation, principally ,of the poorer, class. The rich baritone voice ot Brother Ignatius could soon be detected in the hymn which the pro cession was Binging. When the procession reached the altar a few more candles were lit, and it was then possible to observe that Brother. Ignatius wore a cloth of gold vestment on his back, while his head was covered -with the cowl of the order. Among the novelties introduced into the ceremonial on this occasion was the following:-At the wordB in the gospel, "It is finished," and "he bowed his head and gave up the ghost," an attempt was made to portray the lightning and thunder which the Scrip ture narratives ^thua the reporter) record to have attended the real event. The thunder was more successful than the lightning, which may he said indeed to have been a mere flash in the pan; some of the kitchen utensils would seem, from the nature of the sound evolved, to have. been concerned be hind the scenes in the production oE the thunder. At this extraordinary scene-or rather attempt at a scene-Brother Ignatius, Mr Ousley, all the monks, and most of the congregation, prostrated themselves for a few seconds. 