'. WAITING FOU THE SitIDE. {From-Cftambcn* Journal.) * ' jBeoLiNO'your heels ia a Tcstry is about-ns tedious a 'way. of passing- the'timo as man eon know.» More .'?fcdifcus. for me, However, than,.for Stephanus.; for Stephanus is bridegroom, : and luis* plenty to think tfboijt, whereas I ani only groomsman. " Yes, to-dny i'mayi-frierfd Stephanus -16303 to thc ' hymcueal altar Fanivy, the lovely and accomplished daughter- of Bkin/k de Blank, Esq. ; and in his anxiety not to keep . that fair In dy .-wai ting, Stephanus has dragged me down toAhe ohurch full linlf an hour too soon, and is now weaning out the time and the parish carpet by walking about the vestry in a state of nervous trepidation ^pitjful'to behold. "Wo are waiting for tho bride. f'Ktpfr, I nm accustomed to these things. It is not the tirsf time by many that I hnvc waited in a vestry upon á busincÉs like thc present-don* t misunderstand me, I ¿meanonly ¡is second ; never, never os principal-sol am r,meroly;-bored : but Stephanus, the hero of thc day, is, ' oi"^ourse, painfully nervous, and well he may bc. Iiis not calculated .to calm a bridegroom's feelings to :,-tíe4old by the parish clerk-a man of icy composure .^fiimaelf- that ;" the men arc always the ncrvousest on ."these occasions," nor for thc beadle to suggest that ; Ta mouthful of water would do a power of good." ?f3m>h'anuti is aman of hasty temper ; a parish clerk is çiflways ari irritating creature ; all the bettor feelings of ¡"amin's nature incite him to assault.a beadle when Vaviff practicable",, SQ 1 interfere, and in playful mood '^desVeofiStephSÄTÄ'his opinion as'-to thc advisability .!of 'bcine-fmame'd; under chloroform. Stephanus s >w"ioth, "givcrtcd .norn thc officials by this solly, ia nt |V once directed against mc ; and advising mc at any .rate; to try not to miikc a fool of myself, he resumes .his. walk, "indignnnt. Of couisc, were a reasonable 'creature to. give mc so offensive an answer as that, I ? should- contidcr it necessary to taite the matter up ; buttas a man on the very verge of matrimony can! scorccly bc*, looked upon in that light,-I smile signifi- cantly at thc beadle, and stroll ínio the church. I ' 'thcre.observc, what I huvc Often noticed at weddings -before," that nany ofJthc pews in tHeTnlme'ttiatëîic^îi bpuihci^d of thV communion tobie aro with Jafejgjch^most of^thsm -middle-aged, but some older, i«fl^c^c-it^y«uiiier.. -'!-Who ore 'tîîhçe" people- ni ' thc pfSws'thcrc î" I mquúc^of^ie'-bcnül.e. "Well, EÍr*'"ínvs tho beadle, " if they aint yeur'party " Certainly not," I interpose hastily, ''¡Wilsn," eori tinucs.the "beadle, " they rc people as takes o interest -n, general interest in matrimony. We always has plenty-of 'cm at every wedding." A generarintoiest in matrimony ! Herc is food lor philosophical reflec- tion. "What kind of persons eon-they be who takV such a general interest in matrimony .'as to attend " strange weddings for thc mere pleasuro of witnessing the ceremony r So I call Stephanus, and, to divert Iiis thoughts", point out to him the middle-aged occu- ; pants of the pews, give him the beadle's answer, and ' thdn osk him what kind of people he supposes them to be. " What kind of people !" replies Stephanus in a savage tone, the presence of these uninvited witncssci seeming to displease him highly ; " why broken-down ? bridesmaid)!, of course." * * * - And yet I confess to myself-for Stephanus, like thc poor craven ' bridegroom in " Young Lochinvar," says never a ; word, but betakes himself to a sido-nislc", which he ! paces more like the miserable ghost of a beadle than j thc happiest of men-I coufess to myself that there are a lew tilings even about bridesmaids that I could ! wish reformed. I could wish, in the lim place, that they would not conic up in such numbers as to lill one s houxc, :«ud compel thc proprietor to sleep nt an hate1. But kt that pass. I could wish that they would not make such a terrible fuss about a wedding ; and tli.it they would not consider thc bride and themselves nsf thc only important personages in the business. I could wish tliht they would not make n point of re- minding you, by every word, look, and gesture, that \- thc whole *ex ' is doing you an enormous favour in allowing you to marry one of them. It is not generous ;to keep vou so constantly in mind of thc obligation 'under which you lie ; if* indeed, it be an obligation, . of which, however- Bu-, that point I will not dU cuFB. I could wish that they would devote thc days immediately preceding thc wedding to some oilier amusement than that of pertinaciously snubbing every mnle thing that npprooches them. Wc don't need to bc so suspiciously watched- upon my word, wc don't. Wo have no wish to sit upon bonnct-boxes ; wc have no evil designs against the bride's veil ¡ wc have no intention of maliciously destroying bouquets. What the actual advantage of having such flimsy useless tilings may bc- But that would bring on quite another question. I could wish, too, that they would talk of the bride in a different manner. I don't want to put it offensively, but to mc it is nauseating, absolutely nauseating. Why on earth do they always call her "poor thing r" Whe- never mention her nume without nppcnduig "Poor denrr" Poor dear I'tinny, indeed 1 It strikes me that poor dear Paiuiy muy consider herself very for- tunate. What more could she have ? Stephanus is a decidedly good-looking mnn--sL\ feet in Iiis stockings -fine head of hair-good average shot-first-rate with the gloves-swims like a tish-hits well to square leg. What more would she have ? The man's a para- " gon. .- But that's*the way with bridesmaids. I will be bound that^tHc"bridesmaids of that pretty little beg- gar-girl w-ho.made that undeniably good match with King Cophetua, eolled her "dear poor thing," and bade "lier "nevermind, but try to keep up." Try to kcq> up ! "Sow, did anybody ever know a bride who ' didn't keep up ? I never did. But there appears to be a delusion rooted in thc bridemaid mind that it ii rather thc thing for a bride to exhibit symptoms of faintness, and that it would bc nice of her to faint clean away. Why, I remember on occasion whcn£ bride astonished mc by her composure. She Btooil perfectly upright, as brm as a rock, and surpriseu cvoiybody by the calm and ready woy in which, to use a theatrical phrase, she managed the business, and by thc clear and audible voice with which she dis- posed of the gag. ' Thc ceremony over, alic imparted to her ladies in the vestry that really being married wtiB not such a terrible affair otter » nil, dashed off her signature, took her husband's arm, ; and walked to thc carriage in a atyle ^afLiwoji! ; the -commendation of all tho pow-op euora, ?and ¿cdt ¡ thc beadle into Buch a stupor of odmiratlpn:ilhaf lt t 'was necessary to nudgo him twice in ordcr'to *drow ! his attention to hiafee. Now mark! Wilfully shut- ting her eyes to fact«, a bridemaid, in answei^to. an . approving observation of mino upon the calmness of thc bride, said that I was quite mlatakeh oboufc the matter'; Jan o's calmness was merely forced calmness, . !;poor .thing, (observe, "poor thing??'still;) that she:I WOB thc roost nervous creature possible; and that at one part of thc service- namely, when poor Jane's oyo tirst caught sight of the ring, she (tho bridemaid) was .cn thc point of springing forward with tho scant bottle, os she feared for a moment that it woe impos- sible for- fo excitable a girl as dcor Jano to kcap . up , n'ny. ' longer. "What enormous nonsense is "this ? - Is there anything to be ashamed of in going with calmness through a ceremony to ? which these young ladies hove been look- ing ,forward for years? After so many dress rehearsals-every wedding in which a lady ngures as bri dca maid is merely a dress-rehearsal of her own-it would bc strange indeed should the actress break down. Why such pride in showing that they arc tho . weaker sex: "Why flaunt their mnrmities before our eyes in this fashion ï It is so absurdly unnecessary ; for. as I have just said, brides never do break down ofter all. A bridemaid moy declare that her principal was on thc point of fainting, and may assure you that she hcrselfis cert nin 'to faint when she is married; but let that importont event come round, lethcr once don thc bride's veil and orançe blossoms, and the Erctty little braggart doro not faint for the life of her. he tums craven at tho last moment, end behaves as ! she should, ßimply becausa she can't screw up her 1 courage to behave as she should not. After this, the appearance of faintness that is sometimes assumed in thc vcBtry is a mockery. It imposes upon nobody ; and if it is niTectcd, as I suppose it is, in order to moke up for thc failure at the altar, ond to redeem the bride's character in the eyes of her bridemaids, it is simply labour thrown away. After falling on the stage, it is only provoking derision to' act the port again in the green-room It is no good, ma'am, at all. Your ladies may press round you, and tender their services, officiously; but, bo assured, though they ' affect sympathy, they are no more imposed upon than thc pew opener, who of course is incredulous to the lost degree. I could wish, ogain, that bridemaids were not all so wondrously alike-in behaviour, of course, I mean. Thc Tates forbid, oh, Emilia ! that I should compare thy rosea and lilies, thy storry eyes and roven locks, with.the saffron complexion and hair like the fringe to bed-hangings of-but I abhor personalities;' br thy Juno-like contour, Patagona, with the corporeal twists of-- butbeshrew me if I name her. Jío ; what I mean is, that in their con- duct, in their mode of being bridemaids, - Eo to speak, they arc all so 'much oliko. ' The reason is-plain enough. They copy each other on principle; They go in for servile imitation. Indeed, so exactly-does one'bridemaid resemble' another, so" perfectly .similar arc. these six or eight at St. George's to those six or eight at St. James's, that ' I fcql convinced- though I have never .yet been able to'lay ihy hand unon ft--that there is some book on .,the-8nbject> .í'líridcmaid'B Manual," some "How tb bc a Bridemaid," which contains a table of rules. In .j no other .way can I- account for the astonishing same- ness, the strange wont of originality; that ia character- istic of bridemoidfl. There must be some work of thc kind, and thc rules contained^ in it must bc much like these :-llule 1.-Thc bride's party having arrived at the church, thc bride is conducted hy her father to thc altar, where thc bridegroom awaits her. Thc bride- maids follow the bride closely ; and directly the bride- groom comes well within range, it is the duty of every bridemaid to fix upon him thc most reproachful glance ? »he con summon upon it. Let her picture to herself thc dragon that used to feed upon blooming young tirgins; let her do her best to fancy ? the groom thc dragon, and the bride thc unfbrV^ túnate virgin ; let her get all that Ínto-heT.oy^siid--íF' - thc fellow do not quail- Rule 2.-The"principals being paraded m front of^c.altarrnj2Ls, tho nrstbndc maid hands herbouquot to th^'íetíond'bridemoid, and leaning gracefully forward, arroges a fold in the bride's veil. Hie second bridejuaia-then returns the*. t bouquet tb thc first bridcmai<k ^ultimating, as she does so, by a glance of conuuàidatiûb. or an approv- ing nod, that the hist bridtmaid hasyjbly -dqriB.her duty, for that-,rhc' ceremony could nof^*pe«lbly.tbe,? proceeded with had the veil remained where it was".', i , í'havc known cascs'"whcre the first "bridemaid ar»-" ' ranged tho-voil without handing her bouquet to her companion. This mode of proceeding, however, iji not only-less ' grocpful than , the former, but it alsb argues a spirit of selfishness on thc part- of thc tírsrt bndemaid ; a greediness of glory strongly to be der piecnted ; a desire to draw thc eyes of thc spectators upon herself alone, to the exclusion of her hiktcr-brideninids. ltulc 3.-The service foirly commenced, it must bo the earnest cfTort of every bridemaid to look only at tho bride;" to indulge-no-- vain curiosity as to how the .bridegroom bears if***t*fjet no stray glances wander "towards Yhc-groomSh^$?b^ the eyes and tlie nltcmtion so\cly uppnyXhç"bride,ito assist her iii keeping up. This îs.nô.îdld .conjecture, ot .mine. I was informed thc other 'day, by ', a yoting lady fresh from a wedding, that Sophia, tho first bndemaid, had never taken her eyes off poor Claxafrdra' thc beginning of the cerenrtny.to^c':end:^thü?in a tent-implying that, in thc speaker's estimation, Stfplua -füs S/model \- bridemaid.- "Qn-the*-otherhand,'LJa+afr)ftaajjOfcTifL.. some such remark asi ''Jiidyo'uBee.So-ond-.scrslármg ? all about the church, and scarcely Itfúoirig' ot poor Celia ï Wasn't il cruel." I must confess tljSt't^Iobk at the bridegroom must be n gr,eat temptation.. ' J/hc . is nervous-as he generally is-what'a triumph for thc sex ! That grcnt strpng inna;, his yflry-- bcord quivering with agitation, mumbling outfhosjffords in ? jerks.likea hov who doesn't know his .lääBrf and all Lon1' account of that little girl j . What ffmimiphani a thought' what o compliment; to' Srômân ! "^víhat a proof of thc superiority of mind to matter ! A groot temptation, no doubt; but Dur)-says. Look only at the bride ; and Taste adds, that- if the bridemaid can manage to do this through- her tears, it will odd " greatly to thc effect-will produce much' the same pleasing result that words Bpoken through music produce nv a melodrama. ' Hule 4.-The ceremony over, the bridemaids follow the new- made wife to the vestry, and then and there kiss her, one after thc other-thc first biidemiiid lending off, thc second following, and so on. Rule 5.-After tho salute, thc bridemaids form up, cluster, bouquet fashion, about thc bride, so that she may stand, like a little queen in thc midst of her court, to receive the kisses and congratulations of thc outsiders-her father and mother, and people of that kind. The bride then signs, and is put into her carriage, and the bridemaids' duties arc ended. They have accompanied their friend to the very verge of the honourable estate ; they have watched her cross thc stream they arc not yet to cross ; she has passed over to thc care of another than they ; let them not linger, but take their wedding-garlands and th»ir scots, and away to thc breakfast. At this stage of thc proceed- ings" thc marvellous similarity that I have mentioned as existing vanishes away. Thc woman may bc seen through thc bridemaid. Tiley now admit of elassiü cation, and may bc fairly divided, I think, into titree sets, ns thus : bridemaids engaged, bridemaids disen- gaged, and bridemaids disappointed.' With regard to thc lirst of these classes, I remember, ot my cousin Agnes's wedding- breakfast, being surprised at thc silence of Chaucer Jones. He-a fellow of most ex- cellent fancy-he who is wont toset tho table in a roar-«at quite chapfnllen ; not a word to throw at a dog ; not one half-penny worth of wit to an intolerable deal of champagne. What could bo the reason ! Was he ill r Was he in lover Was he in debt r No. Chaucer Jones was sitting between two bridemaid-) engaged. Oh,-ahe is Bparing of her smiles, is thc bridemaid engaged ! Her manner is distant to a pain- - ful degree. Shç, exercises none of her charm upon you; she wishes-you-to- understand that she is ano- ther's ; she is ao confoundedly anxious to give you nb encouragement, that nt tim CB she is simply rude. .Thc greater her beauty thc more utterly extinguishing is this behaviour. Your efforts to get up a pleasant and easy conversation become more and more feeble ; and at last you sink back in your choir, silent, crushed, ! hopeless; feeling as if you were Bitting on the shady Bide of an iceberg, or os if, like thc wedding-coke, you liad bec4*natcly frosted-but not witfrsufjar. Ifer ' rcosoi&fbr.thurtonduct; arc sound enough, ¡she is en gagedVto another, and she wishes to save you the dis- appointment wMoh you will assuredly suffer in case you 1 lall .iny.love. with her-a misfortune she too hasmy?;cófj^CTB certain, unless Bhc puts soma rc \- srromfc,upbii her fascinations. Accordingly, sha re- strains them so carefully that her smiles, like dogs in thc dog-days, arc all muzzled, or lcd by a string ; . and her glances'are so cold, and hex answers so curt, that far h-om foiling in love with her yourself, you arc lost iii astonishment that another should have hod thc audacity to do so. There is but ono way to thaw thc coldness of tho bridemaid engaged : load her to suppose that you are yourself engaged, or, still better, married, mid she will bc a different girl in a moment. But give me class two. The bridemaid disengaged is thc bridemaid for inc. Oh, at the wedding feast may my lot bb cast-beside her! - She ia in the land of' hope. In her case there' ia no jealous Intended to be thought of. The. world is all before her. whore tb choose., I. core not much how old she LS, or how ' young-within reasonable limits. Ive known them : precociously fascinating at fifteen; Tve known them maturely enchanting ot five-and-twenty. I core not whether eho is dark or fair, tall or short. I take them ' . ns. they come, and am thankful. I prefer them pretty ' -greatly. prefer them pretty-but-1 have known to .many who wexc more indebted to the mind than to the - ¡ face for their clisrms, that I lay down no positive rule about this. They arc all delightful at tho weddínj breakfast. There is something about that banquet, particularly if her neighbour at table have taken some part in thc marriage business' of the morning, that s?cms to exhilarate a bridemaid strangely. - It's not -pshaw, no !-it's not the champagne. That's a vulgar error. I have sometimes thought that it mit ht bc thc cracker bonbons, but oven they arc not sulfi cient explanation. There is much that is exhilarating, no doubt, sbout those lively cm* fections ; but these exalted spirits are due to something nobler, something higher than crackers. It is thc feeling of having been in close proximity to something rather dreadful ; of hanna; watched the passage of a friend along a perilous path, that the bridemaid herself may have to tread some doy ; it is this, combined with the consciousness of white lace and bouquets, and the possibility of herself being thc next victirn ; it is this that does it. It is the joy of thc second at thc breakfast after the duel ; danger past, honour satisfied, and nobody killed. Thc third clasB is that of the bridemaids disappointed. These arc bridemaids who have been en gag od, but whose engagement, through their own fault, or Uirough tho perfidy of mon, hos been broken oiT.> They must be looked upon as a sort of bridemaid widow,.and, as such,must be regarded with, I apprehension, and talked to with caution. They com- bine, lo Borne extent, the rother matronly air of tho i bridemaid engaged with thc youthful viyocity of the bridemnid disengaged, and arc remarkable rió less, for their urbanity to the male acx, than for, their, asperity to the younger and prettier port of tho female,. They are disagreeable from their too apparent desire, flo-be agreeable, and, though often" pretty, unattractive, because of their too great, eagerness to attract. Like thc serpent tribe, they seek te fascina ta their prey with thc eye, and, like the cat_ trice, love rather to catch their victim by surprise than by hunting him fairly down. They affect to have acted as .bridemaid at but one marriage before in thàr-lives, -yet-téll-you the minutest particulars of a, ,dozen. They tell, you that speeches have *; quite gone ¿ut ot weddings, but try to "incite yon ? to propose thc bride and .bridegroom.1 , Aa breakfast, proceeds, and the champagne circulates, they hint ti} you that man is deceitful. ' They pull..crackers eagerly, and laugh bashfully at the motto. After pulling one with thc man on the other side of them, they whisper to you that he does it so awkwardly. If they have pretty hands they show you a ring an their finger.that was given them by rf dcor friend now no moró;-They then sigh,' and bite the comer of theirhana^erchicf ofter which they hint to you again that man is perfidious. They like lobster salad, and cat enormously of creams and jellies.' "When breakfast is over they wonder what people are going to do now, at the samo rime evidently knowing all about it. As they leave tho - room with thc rest of thc ladies, they look back at yon. . and shake their head. This meanB that mon ia very per- fidious. . They arc of bridesmaids thc most dangerous, thc most' subtle-1-.' ?But '1.hold ! Here comes the bride's party atlast. Hex%ti\ey, all .come. ,Now, Ste- phanus, my boy, collec^our fecmlties,.tai.eRgoodlong breath, end-be ready. There she is, the heroine bf the day ¡ and, upon my word, now I come tb look ot her, there is a good deal to be said for you, ? Stephanus. You are not entirely, without Eome show bf reason on your Bide, Stephanus.' She really is vcr)* pretty, and the wedding dresB suits her capitally, and uncom- monly becoming is thc rather frightened look-and yet not exactly.frightened either-with which she ad- vances, loauingjOn, Blank dc Blank,-Esq.*8 arm. And very well he^Iooks, too, tho old boy! And t-. Ah, there you- arc," :-my beauties ! I .>ee you ! I've . ^beon thinking of you. TSro, four, six, ' eight.! . .Very good ! very prettyy.indeed ! Ah, Aiuminta! my love, it will be for youho ?.have bridemaids of your own next week, ('won't it?. Yes, he's just behind you'ia one of the pcwBrNo. 00. Don't look round now. Think only of pooT^eor Fanny;, you know. Do os you would be dgneby, Aronunta ; os you would be done by, my dcajf Aho, Cecilia, I sec you! You're nervous, ^Cêcilia; you.can*t deny it. Your "smile shows it ; "smiling always ¿hows it. Well its your Brat' experi- ence pf bríderñftidshíp, ond'yoú look yery nice ;' upon my honour, you' do. But ddrt't. smile, - my pet ; be- have like- Constantia. She doesn't srailc. "-On. the contrary, 'she looks so serious, 'that I suspect she is thinking af the time when she .thought she was " Dearly beloved, we are gathered together"-. Oh! I beg'your pardon, I'm sure-"gathered to- gether." Yes. 