The Empire . TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3, 1865. THE first public sale by auction of the good- will of leases of unstookcd pastoral runs was effected by Messrs. RICHARDSON and WRENCH. yesterday. It will be seen from the report in our commercial intelligence that the result was highly satisfactory, and it ought to be consoling to those who have so long been try- ing to persuade the public and themselves that pastoral property was on the decline. Forty-two runs were submitted to sale, each at a fixed rental, and the bidders were required to state the amount of premium which they would give to take the runs at the rentals named. Twelve runs were allowed to pass, but thirty were sold, the rentals on which amounted to £1422 annually, or £7110 for the five years for which the leases were sold. ' The premiums given on these purchases,' it will be seen, amounted to £4909. One run of twenty thousand four hundred and eighty acres in the, Murrumbidgee district, at a rental of thirty-two pounds a year, realised a premium of sixteen hundred and twenty-nine pounds. Another, in the "Warrego district, which has latterly been described as parched and waterless, brought a' premium of nine hundrod and seventy pound-, at a rental of sixty pounds a year. Fifty thousand acres in tho Wellington district, at an annual rental of seventy-eight pounds, sold at a premium of four hundred pounds. Another run, at twenty-eight pounds a year, was sold for three hundred and sixty pounds. These results of public competition do not con- firm tho statements so frequently made of the deteriorating effects of free selection upon the pastoral interest. On the. contrary, they go to provo that hitherto tho public revenue has been virtually defrauded, because it cannot be supposed that these large premiums, paid in cash at tho time of salo, and amounting to nearly four hundred per cent, on tho annual rental would have been given unless the purchasers had been satisfied that they were getting tho worth of their money. Wo do not perceive that any questions wore raised as to security of tenure. It may bo that tho anticipated revival of this subjeot in tho noxt session of Parliament inoroased tho confidence of speculators; but at all events tho faot remains that, notwithstanding all drawbacks, a sum amounting to nearly five thousand pounds was paid for tho privilege of toking thirty unstockod ruriB for hvo years, at a rental of moro than fourteen hundred pounds a year. There seems to be no objec- tion to encounter all tho risks of bad seasons, intrusivo selectors, and hard-hearted legisla- tors and administrators, and even to pay down handsomely for tho bargain. When the elec- tors, who recently listened to tho melancholy wallinga of Dr. WILSON, at Singleton, conbiast the results of this salo with his speech on that occasion, they will probably arr riyo at .tho conclusion that their approbation «ros injudicious. They will dtficoror , thai " the melancholy state of ike colony, -ftrimiig from tho floods, pleuro pneumonia^, an¿ .^dreadful auóUoBfe^piv, tiuüed .'arougbij'1 aa so touchingly'alluded io byr *Jrio . honorable gentleman, has not yet dïrightod thc enterprising squatter, and that, in' ïftuîity, he has no droad of. tnoso " harsh measures" which Dr. WILSON SO feelingly deprecated, and which, according to tho same Veracious authority, " would be felt moro or .leisby every man,' woman, and child-in the colony." It is always instructive to contrast ?fact with fiction, and tho exercise may bo I beneficial to others besides tho constituents of Dr. WILSON, who, perhaps, after all, may turn out to have been but poorly represented on tho occasion referred to. Borne correspond- ents, whose letters were published in' the Empire of yesterday, have furnished us with a kind of gauge wherewith to measure public demonstrations of this kind. It appears that when Mr. FOELONGE boasted at Orango tho other day that his party intended to bring forward the pastoral . tenure question again, and when, according to tho newspaper report, he was greeted with most unpatriotic cheers, he merely addressed a select party of a dozen oleotors out of fifteen hundred, the great majority of whom repudiate him and his sentiments, and would be only too happy to bo afforded aa opportunity of retrieving the grievous blunder they committed when they elected him. It may be so like- wise in the case of Dr. WILSON. Ono of the best political events that could occur at this time would be another general election. Un- fortunately it is not very likely to happen, but if it did, not a few of tho- members who ' have deluded popular constituencies by pro- fessions of liberality would bo judged and sentenced accordirg to their acts and to such' facts as have been revealed by the sale of yesterday. We have no wish to see the pastoral runs submitted indiscriminately to public competi- tion when tho renewed leases expire. _We should ratUor desire tbub every possible èn I couragemeut should be offered to the present occupants to purchase, improve, and perma- nently settle upon the lands, if they have any disposition to do so ; but the results of this .first sale of unstacked runs afford a very good index of the advantages that would accrue to the public, whatever . inconvenience it might tcause to individuals, if all tho pastoral lands in the country were put up to auction. Seeing this, as they must see it, the tenants of the Crown should learn to be moderate in their demands, and to abate very considerably the "overweening notions they entertain of what they are pleased to term their " rights." The runs on which these largo premiums were paid yesterday, aro by no means favourable samples of the pastoral country held under lease. They may bo considered amongst the refuse, having been, in fact, forfeited. Under the . old regulations they might have been taken up and held for a couple of years, by the mere payment of twenty-five per cent. ; but the new system ' has put a stop to this, and affords some reasonable criterion of tho market value of those privileges of occu- pancy whioh -wc so often find disparaged. What would be the' aggregate amount of premium on all the pastoral runs in the colony, if they wore submitted to auction, subject to tho rentals fixed by tho new ap- praisement ? This is a question which very few would.- attempt to answer. Thc lease- holders have themselves a good idea of the amount in each case where they are individu- ally concerned ; hilt os to.' tho general publio, they have' no means of ascertaining the fact save by actual test - Certainly any thing ap- proximate to the results of yesterday's sale, considering the great superiority of tho un forfeited lands, would place at tho dis- posal of tho Government a sam of money sufficient to relieve all pre- sent necessities. What those necessities may bo we shall probably learn in a few days. The quarterly accounts of revenue ought to be issued from the Treasury in the course of this week, and when they make their appearance it will bo easy to form an estimate of the pro- bable deficiency on the year. If it bo proposed in the next session of Parliament to supply this deficiency by further taxation, Messrs. RICHARDSON and WRENCH have supplied us with. a good reason why such taxation need not bo placed upon commerce or upon thc ne- cessaries of life. The land is the true capital of the country, and, rightfully administered, it is capable of yielding a revenue for all neces- sities of the State. THE Panama steam postal route between England and Australia has recently como again under the consideration of tho New Zealand Parliament ; and a proposal to alter the direction of thc line and thc ports of call in New Zealand has been discussed with great vehemence, due partly to the intrinsic import- ance of the scheme-in which we aro as deeply interested as they aro-and partly to thc as- sociation of this, in common with almost every other important subject at the present moment, with the great political question of the day in that colony, the actual separation of interest and thc desired separation of Government, between tho northern, central, and southern provinces. It will bo remembered that Mr. CROSBIE WARD, on behalf of tho Government of New Zealand, entered into a contract with the Panama Company for the conveyance of the mails by way of Wellington, now the seat of the Government. And it was this contract which tho Government of New South Wales, acting under the dircotion of an Act of tho Legislature, agreed to subsidise, on con- dition that the mail steamers should como direct from New Zealand to Sydney. If, therefore, any chango in tho route had been recommended by tho Legislature of New Zealand, it would have boon necessary to have consulted this Government and all eoncorncd in tho contract, before the alteration could take place. A motion, however, was made by Mr. ll. GRAHAM, to tho effect that it would bo conduoîvo to tho interests of that colony, and tho success of tho postal servico, to make tho ports of Auekland and Otago tho ports of arrival and departure from and to Panama. .The debate on this motion occupied two sittings of tho General Assembly, and was concluded on tho 29th August, when tho motion WAS negatived, and an amendment for referring the question to a soloct oommittco was rojeotod by twenty-four to eighteen, tho House thus virtually »(Enning that tho lino of route is to poss through Gook's Straits,and that Wellington is tobo the «lort of cull. Tito interest of Sydney ia the Avaiter was differently represented br the speakers on either side.. ^MoÄ^Ko^sap-' 'ported the motion contended'that tho passage by Auckland and round tho northernmost point of New Zealand, would bring Sydney two days nearer to Panama than the route by Cook's Straits. And Mr.VoQKi, went so far as to say : ."I süpßorb-the proposal that Auckland and Otago should be the termini, just because I believe tho ïâail service will be expedited. From Sydney to Panama the southerly route will unavoidably bo quicker, whilst on tho roturn the northerly route will enjoy an equal advantage. Everv ono acquainted with the navigation knows this." It is easy to understand by a glance at the map that tho route to Sydney round the north of New Zealand may bo moro expedi- tious than the passage through Cook's Straits; but reasons founded on practical naviga- tion are required to show that it can be a saving of timo to go so far south of the lati- tude of Sydney, as tb round tho southern extremity of New Zealand and call at Otago. On the other side it was alleged by Major RICHARDSON (Postmaster-General), and Mr. CROSBIE WARD, that no additional time or cost would bc incurred by the passage through Cook's Straits, and calling at Wellington. Major RICHARDSON stated that the distance from Panama to Auckland is 0507 miles ; to Wellington, 6500 miles ; a differenco of seven miles only ;-while from Auckland to Sydney is 1315 miles, and from Wellington to Sydney only 1275. And in relation to Melbourne, Wellington has still more advantage over Auckland, tho distance from Wellington to Melbourno being 1505, from Auckland to Melbourne 1650 miles. Of courso the mile- age alone does not determine thc time likely to be occupied in the passage. Rut from he conflict of opinion on tho subject, it may bo concluded that Sydney would not have suffered any inconvenience from tho pro- posed chango ; »n<l ot* courso wo haveno cause for complaint at thc retention of tho contract in the form which we agreed to subsidise. One reason strongly urged by the supporters of thc motion was tho danger incurred in the passage through the straits; and it was admitted on thc other side, by Mr. CROSBIE WARD, that tho navigation to Auckland or Otago was undeniably better than the passage of Cook's Straits. Tho re- cent loss of the City of Dunedin, and tho numerous wrecks which have taken place in those straits, certainly ought to weigh much in tho determination of tho line of route. Compared with a few hours more or less, tho avoidance of such dangers as are said to bo inoident to this passage, ought to bo regarded as of paramount impor- tance. And for thc settlement of these two questions, the time required and tho amount of danger incurred by tho respective routes, it is to bc regretted, we think, that a full investigation, whether by a select committee or otherwise, was not determined on, with a view to tho obtaining of full and accurate information from nautical and scientific men. With so great an undertaking in view as tho j establishment of a steam postal linc, which, I in conjunction with tho existing Suez linc, will complete the monthly circuit of the globe, it would be wise to obtain the most reliable and definite data on the comparative safety and speed of the different lines. Tho discussion in the General Assembly at Wellington turned very much on the mutual political. aspect :'of ' thc several provinces. 'Members.:fromi Auckland and' Otago com- plained of the selfishness of the Ministry and thoir supporters, in exalting the central pro- vinces at the expense of the north and the south. They pointed to the compara- tive insignificance of the trade of Wel- lington, and to tho largo exports and imports of Auckland and Otago. On thc other side tho Minister for Native Affairs, Mr. FITZ- GERALD, disparaged Auckland in a manner which could not fail to be most offensive to that Province. Ho said : " Any person looking at tho state of the exports and imports of Auckland, must feel convinced that such a rotten state of things could not continue to exist. She had been living at the expense of tho homo country, had been depending on the money spent upon a large body of troops located there temporarily, and been gaining profits even from the very horse feed, from the oats- and hay sold to tho Commissariat. ' Such .unguarded and unwarrantable expres- sions from a Minister of tho Crown, could not fail to strengthen the indignant aspiration for separation ' from Wellington, and the central provinces, winch lias been long cherished in Auckland. And in a very short time tho representatives of Auckland had an oppor- tunity of showing how they regarded tho sen- timents of the Government as expressed by Mr. FITZGERALD. Tho next day Mr. MAO ANDREW was to have brought in a bill which the Government had agreed to support for the repeal of tho Now Provinces Act, that is, in effect to prevent tho tendency to sub-divide the colony into provinces. But the Auckland and Otago members, including Mr. MACANDREW, agreed, in consequence of Mr- FITZGERALD'S insulting opposition to their respective pro- vinces, to disappoint tho Ministry, and unex- pectedly withdrew this bill ; and so, to thc chargin of tho Government, left it open for the peoplo of Wanganui to prosecute their fictition for provincial separation from Wel ington. And on tho 5th of September a direct motion for tho separation of New Zealand into two distinct colonies, wo3 to bo moved by Mr. TnoaiAs IIUBSELT,. Whatever tho issue of these determined efforts for sepa- ration, we supposo tho route of tho Panama ; postal line is now finally settled. And ns tho Panama Company, it may bo presumed with the advice of practical and scientific nautical men, chose the passago of Cook's Straits, in proferenoo to going round thc north or the south cape, wo hopo there will bo no causo to regret the decision ; although there is certainly much appoar anço of reason in tho arguments urged for tho adoption of Auckland as tho port of call. DisTMOT CODIÍT.-Tho romaíndcr of tho undefended casos from No. 5189 to Ño. öl U, and, also, throo casos which stand ovor from yesterday, will ho disposed of to-day, TrtE r.ATB Mns. MELVILLE,-To-day, at 10 o'clock, tho Oily Coroner will hold nn Inquiry, at tho request of her friends, on tho causo of tho death of tho lato Mrs. Melville, who diod in tho Infirmary a fow days ago. It docs not nppoar that any blamo ia attaohed to tho authorities at tho Infirmary, but representations havo been mailo to tho Attorney- Goncral of something that transpired between Mrs. Molvillo and hor husband pre- viously to L'cr admission into tho Infirmary that Ima induced tho Attoruoy-Gonorol to srant a full inquiry boforo tho City Coroner. A largo number of wi tacases, baaidoa fout uud'càl gonüemen, will bo cxamiaod. today evening tte mon ^¿e£ ^ "ho. wpro stabbed,>r rt66aêotta,er Bt c^arlotto- pluoAvneac Onurcp .aU!> m jjaluriay night< wete B mue bette^M* «ra laid to bo progressing favourably. . ''''? * TUB "DOV SOWTEB.-This boy, who was kicked by A h°Cde on Sunday, waa a little better lost night All aia front bottom teeth um knocked in, and he ia much bruised about tho chest and shoulders, having, itt appears, been kicked twice. Ho is attended upon by Dr".' Low. Mr. Sowter says that an error, has cropt in tho notice of this acoidont yesterday, in saying that tho straggling horse belonged to him. It was tho common impression among tho neighbours that tho horse belonged to Mr. Sowter, but Mr. Sowter himself says, ho was cleaning his maro in tho stable at the time tho accident occurred, and that the horso that inflicted tho injuries belonged to a Mr. Keogh, of Goulburn-strcet. PBINCE OP WALES THEATRE. - Shakespcre's tragedy of " Hamlot" was produced at tho abovo theatre last ovening, in prosonco of a largo audience, and with un- equivocal BUCC033. Tho port of Hamlet was sustained: by tho manageress, Mrs. Charles Poole, for tho first timo,, and tho manner in which sho represented this remark- able and most difficult character entitles her to great and desorvod praise. Her dress and appearance wera much in her favour, and on her entronco sho was greeted with much applause Throughout tho whole of thia trying part her acting and declamation wero very good, and showed a conscientious dolivery of deeply studied lines. Tho celebrated soliloquies wero given ' with much judgmont and care, nnd drew forth great applause, whilo nor by play was ovidenco of a thorough understanding of tho character. Tho great closet scene, as it is called, was very effectively given, as wss also»' tho scone at tho play.* Mr. Barry performed tho Ghost, .with his accustomed caro ana effect,' although wo wero rather surprised at tho omission; of tho words which follow .tho explanation, "I lind theo apt," &c;,' whereby the" contrast' mado by the author was not given by the actor. Ono of the best played parts in tho tragedy was that of Poloniue, by Mr. Vinson, who both spoko and acted in a very sensible? manner. Mr. C. II. Burford played tho murdorcr King, and whilo exhibiting a good under- standing of tho character, spoils much of his dolivery by endeavouring to make too mach uso of tho vowel' sounds. Miss Kato Wanlo was a pretty and interesting Ophelia, nnd Mr. J. Hayner played Laertes very com- mendably. Tho little that Oano has to do upon tho scono was done in his usually oxcollent manner, by Mr. James Bartlett, making it a matter of rogrot that ho did not appear moro frequently in tho tragedy. Mr. Andrews was a quaint and' original grave-digger, and did not, as wo havo seen it dono, travestie tho part. Mr. Miran's Horatio lacked.' force- and study, and whilo this gontlcmnn occasion- ally oxbibits ability as an actor, he too frequently omits opportunities of which ho might make much Horatio, to wit Mrs. Charles Jones played Queen-, Gertrudo very finely, and Mr. F. Edo is deserving a^ word of praiso for his spirited dolivery of tho description of Priam's death, although wo would recommend tho disuse of tho handkerchief at its conclusion. Tho scenery was offectivo, among which a now '1 interior*» was alike creditable, in design and painting, to Mr. W. J Wilson. Altogether, " Hamlet" was very commend« ably performed from first to la»t, and is worthy tho support of all lovers of loçitimato dramatic productions, to whom wo commend this tragedy, with tho alteration! of but ono word in tho term referring to tho character of Hamlot, used by its publishers moro than two hundred years ago :-*' Seo him, therefore ; and again, and again ; and, if then you do not like him, surely you aro in manifoat danger not to understand him." ACCIDENT TO THE MAIL N exa BOWENFELS.-At about four o'clock p.m., on Saturday, 30th instant. Cobb and Co.'s coach was on its way down from Bathurst to Sydnoy ¡ when opposite to Mr. Cook's and about a quarter of a mile from Leo's Boyal Hotol, Bowenfels, on crossing a narrow culvert on tho main road, tho lead- ing horses shied and swerved off to tho right, knocking the oír sido horso off his legs into tho water course of tho culvort, when they immediately got unmanageable, took tho coach over tho bank, and capsized it into tho gutter with tho passengers, principally ladies. They wera very much shaken, but no more, 1 nm happy to say. Unfortunately, there was a lady, Hrs. Aldahip, on tho box with tho coachman, who was thrown from tho box somo distance from tho coach. She was picked up arid taken into Mr. Cook's, after which it was thought that her wrist had been dislocated and otherwise bruised. Billy, tho coachman held on to the' reins to tho very last ; although ho had boob, thrown off, ho never lot go until every boree, had been got un and released and all tho passengers out of danger.- -T hero wiuv n:lady in iho coach who hadan infant in her arms, perhaps not more than six months old ; how it escaped being killed God only knows i to all appearance neither it nor tho mother was hurt. However, there was no timo lost in sending foe medical assistance, and Mr. Leo got his horse and gig at onc3 and took tho injured lady down' to tho Royal, where she got ovory attendance that could possibly ba had in tho meantime. Tho remainder of tho pasjongors walked down to Mr. Leo's, and waited for tho coach, and after a little refreshment, got or* ' their way again. Shortly afterwards. Dr. O'Hare wno in attendance on the injured lady, and pronounced tho small bono of her arra to ba broken near tho wrist, and: otherwise a littlo bruisod. It having been set and everything dona that could bo under tho circumstances,, tho doctor left On Sunday morning the lady was getting on nicely.-Correspondent. " AMONG THE BLACK Boys."- Under this title a lady " Lucy Anna Edgar," has written a history of an attempt at civilisinir somo young aborigines of Australia ; which appeared first in eeparato numbera of tho Victoria Magazine ; and has been printed and published, as a pamphlot of 115 pages, by Miss Emily Faithfull, Hanovor-squarc, and Parringdon-strcot, London. The scene of tho history is tho junction of tho Yarra Tarra and Merri Creek, near Melbourne,, whore tho father of tho authoress had tho chargo for about tbrco years of a fow young blackfellows, who wera trained to usoful labour and some degreo of Christian knowledge. All who aro acquainted with tho abo- rigines will at onco seo that Miss Edgar has given a very truthful picture of their ufo. Tho tragic ond of sovoral of tho poor "boys," whoso incipient civilisation, made thom objects of intenso hatred on tho part of tho wild blacks, and thus led to their untimely destruction , -tho happy transformation of character and habits ia somo instances accomplished-tho lifeliko illustrations of their daily proceedings and familiar conversations, exhibiting their unfeigned attachment to-' their benefactors - their alternate cheerfulness and sulkiness - their humour, vanity, and good senso - altogether form a very readable book. It is not, however, morely to amuso a vacant half- hour that tho work was written. It was designed, and is well adapted to fulfil a higher end which tho authoress thus expresses:-"If your heart, courteous reador, has boon stirred to feel an interest in this despised race ¡ if your mind has been impressed with. . tho idea that they aro capablo of thought, affection, and. training, and not tho bruto beasts that some men, God forgive thom, would make them ; if your soul bas been warned to earnest wishes for. their weal ¡ if your hand is. over outstretched to aid in theso good plans for tho dovolopmont of their minds, and tho wclfaro of thoir souls, those pages will not havo boen written in vain." Ar. amusing and touching narrativo, printed in a stylo ns creditable to tho ladies' printing oflico ia London as tho history is to tho non of tho Australian authoress, anddevotod toa philanthropic purpose, well deserves tho attontion of a largo circle of readers. A romarkabla mooting between fatbor and son is thus recorded by tho Pastoral Times :-An old blind man of tho samo of William Kino;, in travelling down tho Murrumbidgee, en routo to Hay, called at Fair* bairn'B woolshed, whoro thoro woro a lot of shearers employed. Ono of thoso, whose nanto was also William King, upon seeing tho old man, immediately proposed to got up a subscription for him, setting tho examplo by putting down fivo shillings, which WOB followed by tho rest. IIo told a boy, who was by at tho time, to toko tho poor fellow to tho men's hut, whore his wants woro well attended to. Next day tho blind man wont over . again to tho shed, and whilst there overheard ono of tho shearers say-" Billy Sing is keeping tho best tnlljr in tho shod." Tho coincidence of ita being tho samo nnmo as his own caused King senior to make inquiries nftor Kingjunior. After returning to tho hut a mes- senger was despatched to tho shed to King, to say that his father was there, and upon tho young man questioning tho old one about family matters, it turned out to bo really tho case. It appears that tho old man ! lof t Kugland ubout thirty years ago, leaving IIÍB nowly found Eon, at that timo about oight years old, bohind, and had novcr heard of or about aim until tho recent mooting. THE CUnao or AMF.MCAN DIIESBED r.uuDF.n, Tx CIENEJUI, Conn-Wo are requested to rouilud Timber Merchants, ilulldera, nod others, of Mr. W. Dean's Bale, on tito Grafton Wharf, Tills Afternoon, of Ute Cargo of American Dressed Lumber, Btnvos, Doora, and Sashes, ex General Cobb; also Hobart Town Haltens (md Palinga, ;ex City of Hobart. Boa,, advertisements.' 