SOUTH AUSTRALIAN INSTITUTE The quarterly soiree in connection with the South Austra- <*> lian Institute was held at White's Rooms, on Monday evening, June 12. In addition to a lecture by the Rev. S. Green on "the Legends," the Governors had Ingoldsby secured the services of the Christy's Minstrels, just prior to their departure from the colony. The issue of tickets was limited to 100 ; but long before the time arrived for commencing proceedings, every seat was taken, and many persons were obliged to stand. Just before t o'clock His Excellency, acoompanied by Lady Daly and Miss Daly, the Private Secretary (Mr. D. G. Daly), and the Alde-de-Camp (Mr. D. D. .Daly), entered the room, and were received with Bis Exceixehcy, in opening the proceedings, said he was there- not ior the first time—to oomply with the request of the Governors, to preside at their soiree. The progress of the Institute was very gratifying, and if popularity was any proof of success, they had- one that night. Many attractions had been held out, and he never saw that room so well, so respectably, and so satisfactorily filled as at the Institute soirees. He hoped these entertainments would continue to take the lead of every other attraction. He could not do better, in referring to the progress of the Insti tute, than read a memorandum which tad been placed very recently in his hands by the very efficient Secretary. It was as follows: — " ?briry.— There is not much in connection with the library which calli for special mention on this occasion. The estimated number of subscribers on March 31st, was tag, showing a falling offof 19 since the previous quarter. As, however, the number at any given time can only be roughly estimated, such a diminution is quite Immaterial, the more so, as, taken year by year, the nnmfaer of sub scribers shows • steady increase. The number of books cir culated in the quarter ending March 31, was 13,063, being an increase of about 900 volumes upon the corresponding quarter of 1864. The system of priority droolstlon oi books, aaticued to meat. In some degree, the complaints of the diffi culty of obtaining books of Interest from the Library, Is gradually gaining ground, and appears to give satisfaction to those subscribers who have given It a trial By the last mail, a small box of new books was received from England (iv addition to the regular box of periodicals). A similar box will be received in future by each alternate mail; and it is expected that thereby the supply of new books will be better kept up than has for aconei lerable time been possible under the system now abandoned—i.e. sending on one monthly box only. " Museum—Very considerable additions have recently been made to the Museum, more especially to the department of Ornithology. A collection of minerals and fossils, lately received from England, are now being unpacked, and will shortly be exhibited. " Classes.—The Drawing Classes, and that for French and German, though not so large as could be wished, continue to meet regularly. They do not appear to have increased much in number since last soiree. The Orpheus Society continues its weekly meetings, at which, for some months, the choruses in the ** Messiah" bavebeen regularly practised. About 40 members are in the habit of attending tbs weekly rehearsals. The 3rd Elementary HuUah Class, which also contains abont 40 pupils, is about commencing the practice of Hullah's Part Music as an Upper Class. In a few months it will be absorbed in the Orpheus Society. Mr. Price proposes to open the 4th Elementary Class on Monday, June 19. "The Derby Day.—Mr. Friths's celebrated picture, "The Derby Day," is now being exhibited in the Institute, and will, doubtless, be an object of much interest and attention." For himself he would say that be thought Adelaide and South Australia hid grows into a position to demand accommodation for a Museum—(cheers)—and he hoped steps would be taken to form such an Institution. as it was so valuable a help to education, and that the Institute would not long be without a larger Museum than It could at present boast of. (Applause.) Respecting the pioture of the Derby Day, he said he was not familiarly acquainted with such scenes as that depicted. Still, he had seen the one referred to. and be must say that the picture was a most true and just repre sentation of the scene; and the execution of it exceeded in perfection of delineation anything he hai ever beheld in his life. He was very glad to see that such productions of art were brought here, and he hoped this would only be one of a number which should be introduced into the colony, and he trusted that they would elucidate subjects which would be even more interesting than horse racing was to a South Australian public. (Applause.) The musical progaamme was commenced by the singing In capital style, of Rioharde's beautiful quartette, '-God Bless the Prince of Wales," by Messrs. Collins, Herberte. Rayner, and Feuillade. Mr. Herberte then rendered the " Rizzio legend ballad," in a manner which elicited applause. Signor Abecco's harp solo, " Musical reminiscences," was enthusiastically enoored, and be substituted a pleasing song which called forth lond approbation. Then followed the pleasing old En?Ushduet, "The larboard watch." The Rev. 5. Green then delivered his lecture on " The Rhymes, Bathos, Humor, and Pathos of the ? Ingoldsby Legends.'" He remarked that many might be surprised that he should have chosen snch a subject for bis lecture, but be protested against the principle that placed such a broad line between the laity and clergy as was thus attempted to be set up. Long faces were often accompanied by narrow fore heads, and if they donbted the truth of the axiom let them look in a Bpoon. (Laughter.) Laughter was good and healthy, and if there were any men of commerce there that night he would say, *' The man that hath not laughter in bis soul, let no such man be trusted." (Renewed laughter.) Sorely, he said, if one sex did the talking for both, they might, at least, be allowed to laugh together. (Cheers and laughter.) The author of the " Ingoldsby;Legends" was the Rev. Richard H. Barron, who was born In ITBB. and died in 1845, and was a contributor to Blackwood. The legends of Ingoldsby were remarkable for their general humor and depth of feeling; and although Mr. Barron had had many rivals, he had bad no equal. The rhymes of Ingoldsby were very perfect, and words seemed tj flow from his pen in perfect and uninterrupted cadences. He bad an extraordinary power over words, picking np huge misshapen words, and using them in a wonderiul and extraordinary manner. The lecturer save several instances. The rhythm of the legends was unequalled, and it was in this respect that Ingoldsby's imitators failed. He alluded to the nature of bathos, and remarked that there was hardly an Instance in which bathos was to be met with throughout the legends. Ingoldiby strongly deprecated the practice of converting various places Into shows, simply on account of some historical circumstances connected with them. He next alluded to some of the objeotionable features in the legends, and then passed on to speak of their humor. They were, he said, the essence of merriment—they were, in fact, steeped in it; but withal there was no forced mirth. He noticed, too. the almost entire absence of puns in the legends. Us rollicking Jollity was superior to these. He trafficked with ghosts, and Invested with humor things which had anything bnt humor. He closed the first part of his lecture by readuur the legend of "David Price, which created considerable amusement. After an Interval for conversation, Messrs. Collins. I Herberte, Rayner, and Feuillade sang the Orpheus quar tette, " Banish, oh maiden," Mr. W. P. Collins then came forward and rendered the Minstrels' comic song *' The Hen Convention," the ohorns being performed by the company. It provoked considerable mirth, and was loudly redemanded, but Mr, Collins reappeared, and said the exertion was too great to permit of an Immediate repetition. Then followed a violin colo from De Berist, and a song. "Happy be thy Dreams," by Signor Abbecco, which was, as usual, encored The Rev. Mr, Greek then continued his lecture. He alluded to the varied characters in the Legends, and the singular group which they would make for a Tenniel or a Doyle to pourtray. and be ventured to say they would draw as large crowds as " The Derby Day," and would be quite as interesting. The women of Ingoldsby were well ponrtrayed, and his representations gave them some idea of the characters of the women of his day. The wives henpecked their husbands just as now, and gave curtain lectures with equal vigor as they did at present;—(laughter)—but Ingoldsby paid the ladies Borne high compliments. There was some fine humor in the pro?eleg-ends, and Borne of his footnotes were very humorous and clever. After all, however, there was much in the "Ingoldsby Legends," which they would rather not see. He frequently made vice appear only as a little weakness, and treated immorality with too much levity. He here recited "Adventures at Margate," which caused considerable amusement, and concluded a highly entertaining and eloquent lecture amid loud applause. The Minstrels then sang a chorus from Faust. This was followed by the song and chorus of " Dixie's Land." which was rapturously encored. Mr. Rayner's song, "Dear Mother, I've come home to die," was received with much favor, as was also the favorite duet "Excelsior," by Messrs. Rayner and Herberte. Mr. J. P. Bodcaut, M.P., then proposed in highly com plimentary terms, and Mr. A. Stow seconded, a vote of thanks to toe talented lecturer, which compliment was gracefully acknowledged by the Rev. Mr. Green. Mr. J. H. Clark called on the company to accord by acclamation their thanks to the Governor for presiding, and he expressed a hope that His Excellency wonld lend all his influence to secure the erection, not only of a larger Museum, but also of a larger Institute, (Applause.) His Excellency, in acknowledging- the compliment, promised them that nothing should be wanting on his part in trying to meet their wishes respecting the matter alluded to by Mr. Clark. (Cheers.) The proceedings terminated shortly before 11 o'clock, by the singing- of the National Anthem. 