#)rightn Garrrzesp;atutence. While inviting communications on any current or inter Stisng topic, we wish it to be dlistinctly understood that Swe do not bind ourselves to publish any letter. Nothing, . however, will be rejected, if legibly written, unless libel lus or too lenghlyforour colomns:orunicss itshalloppeor Sfor some other re:uon that it wollM be manifestly against Sthe interests ofour re:uers to insert it. It is requestedl that all letters intended for publication, be forwarded to this offtie before midday on Wednesday of Seachweek. Rejected manuscript is not preserveld. (To tIe Editor of the M'lt'or Times.) ; SiR,-I beg space for a few remarks on the injustice evinced by the members of the SShire Council. The rate-books will show Sthat, at least, for the last three or four years i between £200 or £800 of rates have been ( raised annually in the Western division, and yet there has not been above £20 or I £30 expended on the road m that locality dnringr all that time. That is to say, in Sround numbers, one thousand pounds of ;rates have been received in four years, : supplemented in some instances by three Spounds to one, and in others two pounds to one by Government, and yet, out of all a this sum of upwards of £3,000, no more than £20 or £30 has been expended on2 this locality, for whose benefic it was i raised. Is this the result of having no lo Scal representatives ? if so, it is time it was altered. The injustice has become so fla- - Sgrant and trying that I am inclined to get up a remonstrance to the Board of Land and Works, and call those shameless coun cillors to account. The Metcalfe Road : Board and the Kyneton Shire Council are i; both making exertions to make the main : road from Kyneton to M'Ivor passable; but the M Ivor Shire Council having this year spent all their funds in other locali ties, now have the hardihood to say to the ratepayers of the Western division that they cannot do anything for them. Better for the men of the Western division to pe- i tition for annexation to the Metcalfe Board, as a case of injustice could be made out strong enough to inducne the Hon. Mr. Grant at once to comply. The Mletcalfe S BoaId have applied for permission to make upwards of two miles of the worst portions, besides building a bridge over the Cam paspe, and there is now a notice before the Kyneton Shire Council to make all the SM'Ivor Road within the Shire. That is something like business; but the M'Ivor SShire Council-what have they done? Why, when they received £619 from Government for re-building the bridge over the Wild Duck-a bridge, by the way, that they did not originally build or main- - tain-spent about £500 on the bridge, and spent the remainder in other portions of the Shire. Injustice of this kind cannot last for ever. If the counciliors of M'Ivor are alike devoid of conscience and lost to shame, we, unfortunate ratepayers of the SWestern division, must seek union with some other body, where we can be repre sented. If the Council wish to do justice this year, seeing they have spent all their money elsewhere, let them borrow money by oveidraft or otherwise to keep their promise to the ratepayers, and not by put ting the Western division down for £1000 on a schedule of works, and, then, not ex pending one farthing of the money, lose all character as honest men. I am, Sir, ONE OF THE UNFORTUNATES. A GHOST.-A boloi fide ghost, and one too, of a rather lively temperament, ap pears to have put in an appearance in the neighborhood of Castlemaine. The M. A. Mail gives the following particulars re- - lative to the pranks of the supernatural visioter:-" If a large number of persons are to be believed, there is a noted "bleak" house, situate not a hundred miles from the junction of the Campbell's Creek and Tarrengower roads, which for'some months past has been the scene of nightly visita tions of restless souls who have recrossed the Styx. The tenant of the house is a brawny blacksmith, not likely to be easily scared, but both he and his family maintain that, in a certain room of the house, there are nightly such strange go-ings-on, such unearthly noises, such jumping about of chairs and tables, accompanied by strange moans and groans, that it is impossible for any of them to sleep, yet on entering the room all is as quiet and still as the air when the winds are hushed. No sooner, however, is the door of the apartment closed than the pranks and frolics are re sumed with redoubled vigor, nor do they cease till daylight does appear. It is currently reported that incredulous neigh bors have passed portions of the night in the house, and that the experience of all verifies the statement of the blacksmith. Among the number of persons alluded to 1s an energetic member of the Borough Council, and a well-known Boniface, born of no pale-faced fear. It is turther stated that an appeal has been made to a cele brated nautical captain of the district, whose long acquaintance with Father Neptune, it is supposed, may have made him suaiciently knowving to enable him to exorcise these airy visitants from the abode of the:r present midnight revelries. In the meantime, it is a .fact that the black smith is a'oou to seek other quarters, where it is to be hoped his slumbers may be as calm as an infant's upon its mother's breast." A. BURNING LAND.-We have had our attention called to a natural cumiosity near the Murrumbidgee River. About two miles from Mr Small's farm, on a flat, through which the mountain creek passes, is the remains of a bog which the water course has drained during the past few years. This bog is composed of peat, much similar to what is found in Scotland and Ireland, together with slate- colored marl. Since last Christmas an internal fire, about two feet from the surface, has been burnmng over about half an acre of the bog. The ground is very hot about the place, and smoke is emitted from the fissures. We have some specimens in our office of the peat, before and after being burnt, together with the marl in both states, which we shall be happy to show anyone.-Yass Courier, June 14. A special meeting of shareholders of the .M'Ivor Hydraulic Sluicing and Gold-mining Company was summoned yesterday, but on the shareholders assembling they found that a report and some plans which were to have been forwarded by the mining surveyor had not arrived, and the meeting was conse quently adjourned.-Argus. 