THE LAUNCESTON AND DELORAINE RAILWAY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-Your leading article of 30th ultimo, on the northern proposal to form a company " for I leasing a line of railway which is now est," very fairly defends the promoters from the silly charge, that in encouraging this movement they alter their plan of operation. There is one point, however, on which you . seem to have misunderstood the promoters. It is not that their determination to have the railway constructed by the means of a parliamentary loan has been adopted out of a mere dogged attachment to this particular mode, but because from careful enquiries, made during the past few years, they feel that they are shut up to this that no other practical plan is open to them. The idea of a company to leave the line, has grown out of that feature of the opposition which has been based (1) on the statement that the public revenue may suffer less by a loan being authorised ; (2) on the plea that landed proprietors who may be opposed to the principle of a re-guarantee, ought not to be called upon to yield their opinions, even to the voice of a large majority of their fellow landowners. The proposed parliamentary action of the next session will consist in presenting to the consideration of members the proposal for a parliamentary loan of the sum required to construct the railway, not to exceed the sum of ¿¡400,000-on the guarantee of interest at six percent, by the districts at the same time that a bill will be introduced authorising the lease of the line to a company of shareholders, who will be prepared to interpose the sum of £100,000 between the supposed risk to the government on the one hand, and to the landowners and other ratepayers on the other. Should the " resolutions" full through once more the Leasing Company's Bill will be at once withdrawn. The northern colonists have some hope left in the justice of the parliament, whatever the policy of ministers. They are slow in bringing themselves to believe, that within the walls of parliament, anything like a determination can exist to crush out their commercial life and they are going hopefully into the proposal that will provide an ample fund wherewith to lease the line. They cannot find the money to construct without the aid of parliament, but they are willing to find the interest of the capital, and eventually upwards of £320,000 towards the principal moneys, by paying a rental of £24,000 during the first ten years, and £26,000 during the remaining forty years, when the debentures would full due. The government meanwhile having a statutory lien on the works themselves, as well as on the railway rates of the district. Your obedient servant, A PROMOTER. Launceston, 3rd April, 1865. CIRCULAR HEAD.-Ourcorrcspoiidcntwrites : " Mr. Hargraves returned with Mr. S. Emmett from the River Hellyer on the evening of the 23rd. The country to the south was found to be very wet from the recent heavy rains, and the river flooded. We have not yet heard the precise result of the expedition, but believe it to be from report favorable to the opinion that gold exists in the ancient bed of the river. On the 25th Mr. Hargraves ascended Circular Head bluff, in order to obtain a view of the country to the west. He proposes to leave en route for Launceston on the 27th, and will probably reach town eight or ten days. CHEMICAL ANALYSIS ON LEAVES. At the last sitting of the academy of sciences, a paper was received from M. Gueymard on the question whether the leaves of trees are good for manure, which he answers in the affirmative, because forest trees as well as copse wood receive no other manure but the leaves that full and rot on the spot, and if these leaves were removed every year vegetation would diminish considerably in the forest. To ascertain what may be the proportion of the active elements for manure in the leaves of trees and vegetables in general, M. Gueynmrd took lOOgnis. of leaves in a dry state, and, after incineration, ascertained by analysis the composition of the residue, arranging the numbers thus found in a table. From his researches it appears that the dead leaves of the potato plant, if spread out in successive layers, alternating with stable manure, and left to ferment so, will make a very powerful manure Leaves of any kind should never be incinerated for the purpose of using the ashes for manure, since thereby all the soluble salts would be set at liberty and carried off by the first rains. Leaves and similar vegetable substances are slow of decom- position, and, therefore, when used for manure, render the soil bibulous and open to the action of air and water ; the roots of the plant grow and spread with case, and even the worst soil improves. For corn of all kinds those residues of plants should be selected as yield the largest quantity of phosphates.-- Galignani. A retired officer has just died at Vienna, after making a will by which he leaves the greater part of his property to a nephew on condition that he shall never read a newspaper 1 To secure the exact accomplishment of his wishes, the testator has left considerable legacies to three of his friends whom he charges to keep strict watch over his nephew in turns. GKSEUAI, BUTLER'S RETREAT FROM WILMING- TON. An anonymous admirer of General Butler has sent us the following lines : Two warriors sand-spit who'll gainsay ! 'J'lint he who fights and runs away May live to fight another day. But Yunlcoo Butler both sin Miss 'Flint valiant hero Uwlibras ; Vor Butler holds that it is right To run away before you fight since he who doth the battle stay May never live to run away I THE GHOST OF SAMUEL BUTLER, Wilmington, Christmas Day. -/«(few 