CORRESPONDENCE. We do not hold ourselves responsible for the opinions of our correspondents. THE STRATFORD GHOST. TO THE EDITOR OF THE GIPPSLVND TIMES. Sir,—A conviction for the last twenty years has been daily gaining ground in Europe that the age of ghosts and apparitions has gone—no one knows whether. In Australia still more firmly is it believed that no ghost ever crossed the line or could stand the brunt of a hot wind ; but if a story which is now going the rounds of our quiet little village of Stratford be true, their ghost- ships have at last found out Australia, and, as if on reefing bent, have first turned up in the vicinity of our prolific quartz-fields—in the re- tired village of Stratford . To be understood, I must explain that a smart little buck of an assistant storekeeper, once did, and perhaps now does, reside not very far from the little village aforesaid, who re- joices under the soubriquet of "Little Tommy," and report—which does not always tell the truth —says that this tiny little man has a decided weakness towards the ladies of his locality, and re- port also says that the ladies are somewhat partial to "Little Tommy." There is also another in- dividual, who resides not a hundred miles from Stratford, whom report says is well advanced in the "vale of tears," and seen several summer stih in Gippsland, and, strange as it may appear, report also says that his gallantries increase as years roll on and leave their traces behind them, and as the gentleman is somewhat dark in com- plexion, and for want of a better name we will call him the black swain. I cannot say if the ladies are quite as fond of the black swain as they are of "Little Tommy," but report says their favors are pretty equally divided between the two. But, to our tale. There are also other two men who reside at Stratford, who have got two wives, but who must be nameless. Well, one of these husbands chanced to get sent him, by a gentleman of the same name, who got the docu- ment by mistake, a billet doux from "Little Tommy,"addressed to the gentleman's lady, as full of honey as a beehive, and, strange as it may seem, the honey contained in this billet doux convinced this gentleman that if he and the other married gentleman alluded to were to go home after a certain hour, on a certain day, when they had intended to be from home, they might chance to see a ghost. It is often said that there is a skeleton in every house if the truth were known, but a ghost in a man's house, you know, is quite another thing. Well, the day and the hour at length arrived, and home went the husbands to look for the ghosts, the one armed with a big stick and the other with a portable bar of iron. We shall follow up the fortunes of "Little Tommy." Quietly and skilfully this enraged husband en- tered his house—quietly he advanced to his bed- room door, and softly he entered the apartment, when, lo! and behold! there was the prettiest little love of a ghost sleeping so soundly, and looking so nicely, that it was almost a sin to disturb him. First the faithless fair one awoke —a piercing scream—a whack with a stick— and thw little ghost was off and away so quickly that the next blow fell upon the pillow-case— Away, and away through the silent saloon, Aud away and away by the light of the moon, fled "Little Tommy," minus everything but his night-gown and his night-cap. I am afraid of trespassing too far on your space to describe the fortunes of the black swain, but will allow the reader to judge from the sequel. As I said before, it was a clear moonlight night, and a quiet, peaceable, but nervous old gentleman, who had been out late, was carefully picking his way home, and just as he had ap- proached about the middle of a particular street, by the pale light of the moon he saw what he believed to be two evil spirits, as if fresh from their graves, approaching him from opposite ends of the street, and, as he supposed, robed in the winding-sheets of the dead. The nervous old gentleman was petrified—was powerless ; he could neither speak, nor scream, nor run, but stood with his mouth open like a statue, and saw the two spectres meet—the black one with his face covered with blood, and then fly off in different directions ; and apparently dissolve into thin air! Further explanation from me is quite unne- cessary. I am a firm believer in ghosts, and if the following be not a true and authentic ghost story, then I am no judge. I am etc., OBSERVER. P.S.—It might be interesting to know that the wearing apparel of "Little Tommy" before he slept and rose again, is to be sold by public auction at an early day. 