THE ADDRESS OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE CONGREGATIONAL UNION. TO THE EDITOR. Sir — I think that I am not alone in regarding the address of the Chairman of the Congregational Union as being, in some parts, in its purport and bearing, at least uncalled for, aud in other parts injudicious. No method of handling a subject could be more ob jectionable. The portentous shaking of the head, and the O exclamantis, are by themselves calculated fc- excite much more of groundless alarm than the outspoken utterance of difficulties and dangers. And this is what we are subjected to. Beyond the im mediate topic of Congregationalism, 'there are others' he tells us, 'concerning the universal Church, on which all of you are thinking with saddened hopes.3' Now, what are these topics ? Why is there a cloudy allusion to them, and not a distinct statement of what they are ? It is darkness and hesitancy that create ghosts. - - Again,- what is this 'new order of thought?', what the ' forms of faith of our forefathers which they deemed indispensable which are passing away ,' that the Chairman alludes to? If such had been staled as they ace, doubtless not half the alarm would be created asby this ominous vacuity. And, then, why d/-es he raise the questions, and leave them as ?BOBhprf-^'wutthe. essence of, -our belief -Buffer?' or ' will the turbid thoughts of modern belief leave a' deposit of lasting evil upon the face of Christianity ?' HacThe stated what all these are, instead of leaving us to our surmises, some fair meeting of them might ihave been, attempted, and no risk run of merely beating the air. Certainly the evil would have been incalculably less. To know an evil, to be aware of the presence and nature of an opponent, is more than half the battle. But to be left in the dark concerning these, exposes us to fright at our own footfall. Can the 'alarm of the Chairman be at modern infidel thought ? Infidelity is not relatively more now than it ever has been ; and its attitude towards the universal Church is essentially the same. That Church is Founded upon a rock ; it cannot be shaken. The robes of that Church sliall be pure and spotless— no turbid thought - -can leave a stain upon them. Tho infidel world may alter its relation to the Church, but the relation of the Church to the world is ever the same. English Deism, Pantheism, German rationalism, indifferentism, quasi-scientific antagonism, have been some of the varied relations from without. Infidelity is not now more extreme, its proportions are not larger, nor are the numbers of the Church's enemies increased. Want of faith has apparently a boundless plasticity. Rebuffed ander this mode, it assumes that ; repulsed in this way, it advances in that. Direct and strenuous attacks are not worse than the sneering and mocking Bpirit of the last century. The Church lived through these, and doubtless will through those. The attitude of the Church is the same. The armour of the enemy's warfare is not exhaustless. In this respect, certainly there is very little that is new under the sun, as when history shows us rationalism defeated in Germany, made to do the work of warfare in England. As yet there is no argument of infidelity but what has been successfully opposed again and again. There is nothing to fear from the aspect assumed by scientific dilettantism. True science is modest, and in its present state, through its chief followers, disclaims the dogmatic assertion of antagonism. The Chairman's remarks relative to bigotry are quite out of time, so to speak. It is not from bigotry that danger is to be anticipated. Bather it may be looked for from a quasi-religious sentimentalisin, which has been sown broadcast over society. This professes to hold out the right hand of fellowship in discriminately, or to unite in brotherhood all diver sities. It would nowhere see an obstacle to a loving recognition. Matters of faith and opinion are nothing ; and it etherealizes to such an attenuation as to regard all as brethren and submerge the Church in the world. All are minor differences, to be put aside for unity, and thus even Christ might ' be ex cluded from Christianity. This, and not bigotry, is the danger of to-day — the danger of being captivated by a seeming beautiful, all embracing, loving idea, without the recognition of the essential distinction existing between the Church and the world. Much might be said of the view taken by the Chairman of Congregationalism or Independency. It is sicklied o'er by the - pale cast of thought, and of thought bounded by a limited horizon. We do not all sympathise with him in thinking that this system has become effete, and fallen behind the age. Some have faith in it even yet, and think that it is modelled after, and contains within itself, the elements of the highest society. The basis of the social orginization of Heaven is that of the recogni tion by each of its members of a direct individual and personal relation to the one grand centre. This works within each, and without an outwardly pro claimed law assigns to each the exact and suitable position to be occupied in the social order. This also is the theory of Independency. There is no reason why it should not prevail in the Church on earth, save human infirmity. This infirmity may be over come, and will be, and there will be at once the spirit of liberty, the continuance of brotherly love, ? and the strength of union. Tours, &c.;, FIDUCIA. 