THE SHAGS. to tub kditob or isra itnrasiuiiur, Bir,—If true, u I hare not the alightest doubt it it, that the shags lire principally on ft Tgy Wiwnln wltnUHnn w?TT aV<te» ft, immense amount of injtuy they do to anglers. Sow many tone of young try, not to mention larger flab, pas* weekly down the gtdleta of those rapacious cormorants, it ia fearful to contemplate. And no wonder we bear of anglers retaining ^without a rubble. This, Sir, accounts fear that splendid day's apmi of which I furnished yon an account soma time ago. Three rods, and one little front! "Death and deatniotiob to the shua" aay I, and I hope that every angler in Mel bourne will echo my ay. the ncumbtanoa of that flmt day of mine ytill ranklsa in my bosom, and I cannot think how I was aneha fed, such a simpleton, as not to aoipset thms iH-abaped wretches that linethe banka of both our tiTert. Bat then they look aa ia nocent, fanning their winga in the bright tun thine, .after etufilng their crawa, no doubt, with aaromy mcriada of hnaun.' henjam mullet, and now and then an asl, \y way a troche to thtehlftbat tbqnironld'not'iere been gifted with such extraordinary diring poweri but for eome wiee end, and tied en! ww no doubt catching flah in order to' provide tbeniaaliea with feod. They an always by the wafer, and ifttodonY. Bra on fish, wlat do they lite onf Those air i l&esnipes;,* they dont lire on notion —their huJla contradict that eappoeitaoa. It's no nae one or two going out, althongh (he old piuierb, trtry utile helps, la hue enough, aa old lira- F. said when the triad to mop up the Atlantic with her broom. Shoot in ana flriring societies wish one another wag, and es&isgtad; to hear of the other'a Nimat in the aray of sport) but weanrlera am gene rally a harmleat, ydet set of booiss, preferring aqoiet dors by the rirer eid&petisntly; witah ing ior a nibble, to shouldering a double barrel, and this the eormoaarilMam wdl aware .« FewofnsocnldldtK shag, perhaps, even if hs perched himself hiritingly on topot sstanp, as mush as to say—mans 9*9! But if we cannot 1 know who nan, and who, if Xhqr wield only help ns in our tuonfcl^ would soot thm the ranks of the afl<rieiudiiiigoormotantt. It ia to the pjgeon-shootinf clubs about Mai bocroe wemnatlook, aaItoarour feooda will not enable ua to dbi a reward n« head. jPeriups eome of thoeejtmBmea who figured lately at Kortboots wffl kindly come to the rescue, and gma .ne a day to two wUhthnr ~ rdaya and ffafiy Bowrili andft the iga auw not aEjjBed, %jr- Wflf gef so md ly -the «&MW-Umt; W wold bt r. of poachhw .'ota OMr tah preterm te jusiirsrcfflosT, . M 