NOTES OF A TRIP THROUGH THE NORTHERN DISTRICT. BY AN EX-REPORTER. NO. 1. In a series of letters I purpose giving some description of things and places between Maitland and Armidale (and perhaps as far north as Tenterfield), which may probably prove interesting to many readers of the Mer- cury. I further contemplate narrating what facts I may be able to glean, of general interest, on my jour- ney. Now that the railway goes to Singleton, as much of the road north as lies between these two places is usually traversed by the rail, but, having business be- tween the two towns, I preferred driving to Single- ton by the Great Northern Road, than riding there by the Great Northern Railway. Between Maitland and Singleton some may fancy there is not much to call for notice-- nor is there a great deal; the journey for the most part is dull enough, scarcely a break for miles in the dull, heavy-looking, monotonous brown forest which bounds the roadway. Still there are one or two things which I wish to direct public attention to, and a few facts worth recording. The first thing which strikes the traveller after leaving Maitland is the abominable--no milder word is expressive enough--state of that portion of the road from the Spreadeagle public-house to the corner of the fencing on the right-hand side, where a bye road leads off to Anambah, Rosebrook, and other places. The road here is certainly disgraceful, and re- quires immediate attention at the hands of the authori- ties. To give an idea of what it is like, I may mention that there are several holes two feet and more in depth, and into which if a vehicle, going at only a moderate pace, was to go, a smash of some kind must be the result. From the Anambah corner into Lochinvar the road is pretty passable--in some places very good. Thee next bad part commences with the bridge over the creek, at the bottom of the hill, just below the Catholic school. This is another standing nuisance, and calls loudly for redress. The roadway over the bridge consists of a number of holes formed by a number of huge stones being thrown thete without any gravel or earth, or anything of the kind being added to fill up the interstices. The result is that no matter how slow you go over it you sustain a dreadful jolting and stand a great chance of breaking the springs, or some other part of your vehicle. It really seems monstrous that a bridge on an important road should be allowed to remain so long--as it has been allowed to re- main--in such a disgraceful condition. And here I may remark, once for all, on the state of the road, as a whole, between Maitland and Singleton. Nothing could be moro scandalous, and no wonder, for during the last eighteen months hardly a penny has been expended upon it. The reason is obvious. The Government, to use the words of a working man, with whom I had some conver- sation on the subject, "won't keep two roads in good order"--meaning, of course, the Great Northern Road and the railway. In other words, they are doing all they can to force traffic on the railway, whether the public like it or not. It may be fairly questioned, however, whether such a course of action is quite legitimate on the part of the Government, as the following facts will show. The Campbell's hill toll bar was bought last year for £1023; before the rail- way to Singleton was opened it never fetched more than about £1100. At the Black Creek toll bar a greater disparity between the price fetched for that gate before and since the opening of the rail, is observable on account of the large numbers of cattle and sheep, which, passing down the Wollombi road, evade all the tolls, ex- cept the Campbell's Hill one. Prior to the train running to Singleton, as high as £800 was paid by the present lessee for the Black Creek gate. It was bought last time for £417, and at that comparatively low figure it is barely remunerative. This undoubtedly shows a great diminu- tion in the traffic, but it is believed that it results now from the badness of the road, more than a desire on the part of teamsters and travellers to take the rail from Singleton. One thing, I think, is very clear --viz., that the Government, so long as they keep toll bars on the road ought to expend money enough upon it to at least allow of vehicles travelling it without danger of accident, the money at the gates is collected ostensibly for the repair of the road, and it is unfair to the gate-keepers, who lease the toll bars under the belief that the road will be repaired, and also to the public that no such repairs should be effected. A small beginning, I should mention here, is now being made to mend that portion of the road above referred to, near the Spread Eagle, and also to say 1000 yards of gravel near Falkiners place, higher up, above Belford. But these repairs are only trifling and not a hundredth part of what is actually and urgently required, nor is there likely to be much more done so long as the customary grant is withheld, as it has been for the last two years. So wretchedly bad is the road in places between Black Creek and Singleton, that the greatest possible caution has to be exercised in driving to avoid having a capsizse. The first township passed through after leaving Mait- land is Lochinvar, respecting which, however, it is not necessary to say much. Whatever it may have been before the rail passed it, dulness is now its principal characteristic. For the benefit of those who have never been there, I may mention that it consists of one main street, about an eighth of a mile long. It boasts a Catholio school, used also for divine service on Sundays, an English Church (a weatherboard one), a neat-built Wesleyan Chapel, a National School, a Church of England school, two public-houses, a police station, and two or three respectable sized stores, besides a post-office and the usual complement of blacksmiths' and wheelwrights' shops. The population of Lochinvar, I think, is about 400, and it may be questioned if there is anothor small country township in the colony where the inhabitants are so close together. On the day I went through the town, it looked woefully dull - all the shops being shut and the inmates off to Singleton to the late show held there. One word about the police accommodation at Lochinvar. It has always struck me as a great anomaly that the authorities should neglect to erect a lockup in all places where they appoint a constible. In Lochinvar there is a police stait ion, or rather the conststable's private residence has a board bearing ihe words ' Police Station" stuck up over it, - but there is no provision whatever made for securing a prisoner when taken into custody. The consequence is that a man is taken into custody - say late at night, or on a cold, wet wintry day - the policeman stationed here has to pursue one of two courses: he has either to march his prisoner into Maitland, or he has to secure him in his own house - where, perhaps, there is barely room for the constable's family. Such a state of things as this can have no other effect than that of making the police careless in doing their duty. fho orops around Lochinvar are looking first-rate. Prom impunes made 1 learnt tint a tolerably large breadth ot lind is under wheat this year, and if the rus, should onl} keep away a good } leid is anticipated '1 he settlers and farmers are all busy just now on the land, preparing it tor the reception of seed of vanouB kinds JuBt outside the town, almost opposite to the gate lead- ing to Mr Doyle's place at Kaloudab, I passed a dray drawn hy four horses willoh had been atuok there for two days in a hole in the middle of the road lins to occur in line dry weather, so near a town, will go to corroborate what 1 have Btated above regarding tho state of tho road batween Maitland and Singleton, From Loobin\arto Black Creek is an extremely dull ride 1 ho lund nearly all along is heavily timbered, and the traveller gets but one prospcot worth looking ni, and that from the top of Harpot's Hill,-Lorn whence, look- ing in the dircotion of the Paterson, a tolerably large extent ot open country, watered by the Hunter, is visible. Smoke, ascending hero and there in spiral columns, in- dicates that cultivation of the lind is going on where practicable Black Croek-or Branxton, ns it is now termed-is another little town, distant from Maitland abou hi toen miles It is intuited on a rather elevated Bite, and ike noarly all bush townships consists mainly of one long sti aggling street On oeoount of tho way in whioh the houses are soattered, Branxton, to a stranger passing through it, looks scarcely as populous as Lochinvar, whereas, ni reality, I think it contains nearly double as many inhabitants , the b ilk, howoier, of the people live back a little from the road in the bush and are conse- quently not seen I ho town itself is miBOrubly dull to look at, but still in more respeots than ono it evinces ooukidorable vigour nnd life it contains sevoral stores, a large flour mill (Mr. 1 in Isny's) a saw mill, four fiublio houses, two or three blacksmith's shops, nn Kng isb Oliuroh (a wooden building), a Catholio Church, a polioe station, and National sohool, oeside prnate dwel- lings, A bohool of Arts too, is nlioitly to grace the town, some lew particulars respecting whioh may not proie uninteresting Up to the present time tho insti- tution has existed moro as a Mutual Improvement Asso- ciation than a hohool of Arts. Of late, however, the oommUtoe hive been bestirring themselves, and tenders fora building have boen acoeptod. the structure is to post £220-at least that is the amount of the tender , it is to be one large room or hall, 40 feet hy 20, with a raised platform at one ond. 1 lie site of tho building is a plot of ground behind Mr. M'Donald's stores near to the National school, and generously given for that pur- pose by Mr J Bayliss, an old resident of the district Mr. Gilletly, of Loolnnvur, is tho contraotor for the work, and he hopes to have it completed in two months from this time the bricks ire already on the ground, and by tins time I suspect the work has begun, 'lho inatitutton at the present time numbers on the roll forty »embers, who pay Is. 61. a quarter subscription When the hall is completed the committee contemplate raising the subscription fee Mr. M'Donald is the President of the institution, and by lus own personal exertions has done much to incite the members generally to determine on ereotmg the hall I have just spoken of Besides the School of Arts, several churches and chapels aro likely soon to bo ereotod I he inhabitants indeed appear, in this íesprct to bo doing all they can lo outvie each other (the diffe- rent denominations I mean) in securing ampio accommo- dation fur the religiously dispoBed on the ¡sabbath First on ihe list thero aro the Catholics, who hnvo been col leotn g some time for this purpose I ho edifice (a woodon one) at present used for divine service by tins body is a .»Jry old and noketty one, and it will not be before it is wanted that such a dilapidated structure gives way to a more substantial and better one. Whether the new building is to be a brick or weatherboardonelcould not as- certain- perhapsitienot^etdecidcdwhioh they will have About £100 has already been collocted towards the new ohuroh, and freäh efforts are I beliovo shortly to be put forth, with a view to augment that sum sufficiently to begin work with Tho Wesloyan denomination aro also about to build a chapel At tho present time they oon duot their servie s in an old mill, which, however u muoh too small, beBides being vory inconvenient for the purpose They have already inised from £150 to £200, and tenders for the constr iction of a building are shortly to be called for. The site is to bo near the behool of Arts, on n plot of ground given by Mr Ila}liB9, the donor also of the Sobool of Arts 1 nil A line or two rospeoting the îwtionol Sol ool On all hands 1 hear the manage- ment of this sohool, and the efhoienoy of ti o teaoher, Mr. Davies, spokon of in terms ot the warmest praise HeappearB, will out doubt lo be the "ri^bt man in the right place," whieh is moro thm oan bo said of all the teachers of oountr} Bohools, whether auder the INntional or Denominational Board 1 ho scholars in Bttondanco at the sohoolniimber moro than abondrtd-afnctwhieh is easily ncconntod for when it is known that Ibero is no othor eohool in the plaoe Bosidis Mr Daues thero is an assistant teacher Parents who have ohiWren at the school spoak in the highest torms of the way in which the} got on. Howo\er strongly some people may be in favor of Denominational schools I fancy lhere aro few «ho would not admit that it is fir better in n smalltown liko Branxton to have one good and trell-conduoted school like this, than two or three bid one , with snob a limited number of olullien attending oaoh that a really eflioient teaoher cannot be supported After theohurohes, chapels, and schools, the next object «Inch claims a passing notico is Mr. Iindsay's flour mill, situate olose to the bridge over Anvil Creek, ai you enter tho town- ship from the Maitland side Ihe amount of business dono at this mill is wonderful, and, when I mention what it is, may nppeir to some incredible-but it is, nevertheless, perfeotly true. With three purs of stones alwajs going, this null is constantl} at work from one year's end to the other. 1 was assurod hy persons in no way interested, that more who it is groand by Mr Lind- say at this mill, in a given lune, than is ground by any other two mills in the district, inolmling those in Mait- land lo give some idoa ot what is done at lins mill, 1 may mention asa faot that last }ear Mr Lindsay bought 20 OJO buihels of Adelaide wheit alone, every bushel of windi was ground at tho Branxton mill In addition to a flour mill, Branxton also boasts a saw-null, belonging to Mr Whysall It is hero that nearly nil the hard wood used in the construction of the new build ings now being eroded in Maitland is sawn Suirotinding Blaok Creek, there is considerably moreland under cultivation than around Lochinvar It is the set lers that cullivato this land, and travellers that support the town lhere are a few flaw)era and splitters, but they form only an inoonsidorallj item in the general population. Some may like to know what effeot tho train passing Black Creek han produced Iho general opinion appears to be that it has done the township a g oit deal of harm Indeed this is pretty well evidenced by the circumstance of the principal storekeeper, who iisod before the rail was opened to Singleton to employ tbres or four assistants, now requiring no porson besides himselt to oarry on all the business that is to be done No doubt the general depression ot the times has had something to do with so marked an alteration, but still, I think, there is no denying the raot (hat Blaok Creek, like Lochinvar, has suffered materiall} by the opening of the railway lo ¡singleton. Leaving Black Creek the traveller northwards makes for Jump np, or as it is now more eu phoniously called, Be ford On apprauehing it at a distance several large buildings make one fanoy }ou are ooming to something resembling at any rate a town- ship, but on o OBOr inspection tho Btranger finds himself miserably deceived It is now the meie ghost of a vil- lage True it is that a post olhoo has just boon opened, but who and what f r it is difficult to imaatne, the houses Unit were onoe inns, or, as th y are nlwnjs caled in small places hotels, are noir closed and on every hand there Is abun- dant evidence that Iho glory ot Ibe plaoe (ii it ever had an}) is departed ThetoUl number of inhabited houses in the place does not exceed seven or eight in number, but thiro aro, I boliche, back from the reid a Julie some sixty oraeventy Bettlers It wnB for those I Biippose tho poät-ofhco was granted Iho Hilo of the township is bjunded on the one side by government and privato propert},aii lontheothei byohuroh and sohool lands None of tho latter being available foroc-upntionpro^nts what little progress Ihe place might under other ciroiimstanoes possibly make. At one time, when the railway was in oourio of oonstruotion from Branxton to ¡singleton, Jump np waB a very stirring, lively place, but that timo has gone by. I rom Belford to Singleton is o distance of about ton miles Tor the first three out of the len nothing of in- terest is to be seen. Ihe road runs through gently un- dulating nusultiYiled bush land. Ihe only pleasant prospect in the whole ten miles, until you get quite near to the town of Singleton, is tho ' flat," belonging to Mr M'Douall. Iravellers by rail to Singleton will havo notioed on the left of the line, going from Maitland to «ingleton, a windmill, it is opposite to that mill (Mr I arnach's), on the other side of the line, that the open cultivated piece of ground I am referring to is situated It runs along right up ti) Singleton, and is bounded on the rigiit by the Paterson range of lulls lhoro are on tins flat-so 1 am mlormed-over a thousand aores of rich land under cultivation The H hole ot it originally belonged to Mr. Mudie, who purchased it so ne fifteen }ours ago irom Go\erninont, at the normt al figure of about 2s. Gd an acre. Ihe estate is let in farms, and a greit variety of produce, including corn, potatoes, pumpkins, wheat, &o; , ia produrcd upon it Irom this point into singleton it is ens} to he known }Oti aro ap- proaching a town of considerable si7P, for all along the road are passod, in quick succession, IIOUBCB of Btioh a olia no er as plainly denote their pioximity to a populous neighbourhood. (If tho town ot Singleton 1 no>il nof say a great deal, for einoa it has been the terminus ot tho Great ¡Northern ltailway so muoh has boon written aboutit. It his doubtlosB gone ahead very rapidly ot late, but if all be true that one hears things are not so flourishing in Singleton as some people i nagine I havo heard on moat reliable authoiity that merchandise of various descriptions is sold there nt puces that would startle the business men of Maitlund and S}dney Competition is fearlnlly keen jost now in Singleton, and if lnri,e returns are made 1 don't think as muoh oin be said of tho piofits On the diy the writer pissed through Iho town, I thought it looked pirlicularly dull, but this raoybeinBomo moisnre accounted for by the faot ot its being the day nfter the recent show In my next I hnpe to give a full desonption of the progress of the railway from the Chain of Ponds to Mus- wellbrook, all the necessary fiots nnd information having been placed at my dispoBul by the spirited contractor, Mr Blunt. 