FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 10, 1886. It has been frequently alleged here, during our strange protectionist " re " vival," that England's policy ia not Teally a free-trade one, but that her tariff is framed upon protectionist principles wherever it seems that protection will benefit her, A reference to the English tariff itself, however, does not bear out that view. That the English tariff has its faults, we admit. It is by no means pleasant reading to begin with, and if it bo required, as part of the competitivo examination for a place I in the Custom- house, that aspirants shall know it by heart, a con- siderable number of students must get plucked. About twelve hundred articles are enumerated in it, of which, however, avery large proportion aro now admitted duty free. One would have supposed, a jjriori, that the simpler plan would have been to have mentioned the dutiable articles, and tohavesaid, "all " others free." But perhaps the Custom- house mind is somewhat like the legal one, and does not willingly abandon all reference to " dove cotes commons and " commons of turbary," even when only disposing of poor Jones's small btrber's shop in tho back street. A little codifi- cation would do the British tariff a world of good, for at present it rivals to some extent even bradshaw as to bulk and unintelligibility. But we see no trace of deliberate protection in it. The extended, though scattered, free-list contains such items as woollens, per- fumery, platedware, paper, musical .in- struments, linen, leather, lace, jewellery, glassware, furniture, earthenware, cut- lery, candles, boots, shoes, &c.; In a tariff of about twelve hundred articles it would have been easy in these and in similar cases to have conciliated many not unimportant classes of producers by the maintenance or imposition of a duty on grounds ostensibly only fiscal. But whatever else may he the faults of the British tariff, and however neeedlessly cumbrous it is, an examination of it will show that the protectionist principle is fairly regarded in England as an ex- ploded one. Customs duties are im- posed for revenue purposes only, or, whero any other idea enters into the case, it is not that of enabling a local producer to supply at an artifi- cially raised price what he could I not without protection lay down at a price which would enable him to compete with a foreign producer. In England it has passed into the territory of axiomB, that it is better ! to produce what can be produced with advantage at home, and to exchange it for what can be produced with advan- tage abroad, than to check the produc- tion of the advantageously exchangeable commodity, and to force the production of the exotic. It is recognised that it is better to produce English calico and exchange it for French wine than check the production of English calico, and force the manufacture of claret out of English hot-house grapes. This is, after all, the essential point of difference between free-traders and protectionists. Shall each country pro- duce what ita own soil and circumstances enable it to produce to advantage, leav- ing the supply of the communities to bo adjusted by trade, or shall each country insist upon satisfying its requirements by direct production within its own boundaries? In England, that question has long since received its legitimate answer. There the protectionist prin- ciple is fairly dead, and it is only now and then that the ghost of it is raised at some out-of-the-way agricultural dinner. Here, however, we have many politicians who perpetrate two fallacies at a breath-who seem to think, firstly, that imported goods are supplied to us otherwise than in exchange for something produced here ; and, secondly, that it would be to the disadvantage of Victoria if the rest of the world were inclined to make us such benevolent presents. In reality, native industry is most encouraged, however, when it is encouraged to direct itself in such a manner that it will finally pro- cure for itself the best return. Whore trade is free, people speedily find out for themselves whether it is most advan- tageous to produce a commodity hore, or to produce something else which, by process of exchange, will land in Mel- bourne a larger quantity of the desired commodity than the same amount of labour and capital could produce upon the spot. We are aware that many honest sup poiteis of the present Ministry disclaim the notion that the tariff*which has boen applied for the last nine months ia a protectionist tariff. These politicians argue that when a Customs revenue has to be collected, it is quite legitimate to tax hy preference those things that can bo produced here, so that the sup- posed advantages of Protection may accrue incidentally as it were. The thing sought is revenue, they say ; but | while raising revenue, it is well to bear in mind what arrangement of duties will most encourage local producers. Putting the exceptional case of new industries out of sight, we hold this argument to be entirely specious. You may gild the pul of taxation as much as you please with the gilding of fallacy, but taxation jier se is a nuisance and a loss. It is so just as it is a nuisance and a loss to pay away money at any time. The recompense does not really lie in sophistically flattering ourselves that our pockets are made fuller by paying cash out of them, but in taking care that we get our money's worth for our money ; and if Ave get good government in exchange for reasonable taxation, we succeed so far, and ought to expect no nioie in this direction. But with regard to the mild concep- tion of incidental protection, even if the Ministry had the courage to carry on their warfare upon the poli- tical seas, under a banner so much more neutral and unattractive than the pirati- cal scarlet which they at present Haunt, the underlying doctrine would still be indefensible. Wherever the incidentally protectionist intention became operative, the ostensibly main object-the pro- vision of revenue-would be, p?'o tanto, defeated. If you succeed in fostering the production at home, to that extent you diminish the importation from abroad, and therewith both the produc- tion of what would be exchanged for the imported commodity and the revenue anticipated from the importation. The main fiscal purpose must lose as the incidental protectionist purpose gams, and where incidental protection suc- ceeded in supplanting the imported commodity by local production entirely, the anticipated revenue would be re- duced to nil. Indeed, if you let the protectionist notion intrude itself into fiscal arrange- ments, it is practically impossible te steer clear of the numerous half-hidden rocks and shoals that lie in the track oi such state captains as abandon the accre- dited and established rules of political navigation. If Customs duties must be endured, let them be so distributed that they will secure the desired fiscal re- sults, ard that the burden will really rest upon the intended shoulders. But all endeavours, whether incidentally 01 directly, to encourage people to produce in a particular place what they can ob tain upon better terms in exchange foi some other production more suited te the spot, are necessarily mistakes, oi worse. There is no proposition in political philosophy more undeniable than that, practically, the British House of Com- mons is the most perfect, and, theoreti- cally, the most imperfect, machinery that ever was invented for the purposes of good government. There never was an instance among human institutions in which the contrast between theory and practice was more complete and striking. From the theorist's point of view, what can be more complicated, more slovenly, and uncouth, than the organisation of the House itself 1 Nothing about it, neither its proceed- ings nor its regulations, not even the representative system on which it is based, can be theoretically defended. The elections are deformed by every kind of theoretical defect. The distri- bution of the electoral areas is a mon- strous anomaly. Even the limit of the electoral suffrages is explicable on no ground of either equity or arithmetic. Why should £10, rather than any ali- quot part of ¿£10, be the exact measure of a man's political qualification? Why should Huddersfield and Wakefield be allowed only one member apiece, while Knaresborough and Ripon, not half their size, have two 1 And this absence of all theoretical sym- metry in the foundations, is accompanied with equal incongruity in the super- structure, of the Constitution. As we travel upwards the more apparent grows the want of fitness in the mechanism and the utter inadequacy of the means to the end, till at length we are puzzled to discover how, from the operation of forces that are not controlled by any visible regulator, the harmonious result Las been obtained which we summarize so compendiously in the familiar formula of the British Constitution. If wo ex- amine into the details of its modus operandi it is difficult to avoid the con- clusion that it is almost in spite of itself that the British Constitution has become the practical success which it is. Sepa- rately and collectively, all its parts seem contrived to secure the utmost friction that is consistent with the power of motion. A certain presiding principle of mutual toleration between its several factors can alone account for its progress. And this we take it is the explanation of the phenomenon. "The whole system " of our Constitution," says an anony- mous writer, "is to trust to the good " sense of those who havo to exercise its " powers. A little blundering, a little " undue self-assertion in this part or " that, might at any moment bring the " machine to a dead-lock. Sovereign, " Ministers, House of Commons, House of " Lords, are all endowed with powers " which might easily be made to clash ; " and if any serious collision occurred, " the whole of our elaborate mechanism " of Government would be thrown out " of gear. That no such catastrophe has " occurred now for two centuries suf " ficiently indicates the secret of the " success of the British Constitution." But not only are these powers antago- nistic to each other ; those who exercise them labour under the additional dis- advantage that they cannot always define them. The mdefiniteness of the powers, in fact, we have often thought to be a power of itself. Where there is no definition there can be no limitation, and it is this sense of uncontrol that pos- sibly operates as the strongest control. However this may be, the fact is unde- niable that a condition of indefinitencss is typical of the British Constitution. Not only are the external relations be- tween the three estates undefined, but each estate has left its intrinsic powers in a state of suspense. The House of Commons especially affords striking illustrations of this apparent anomaly being reduced to a system. Por ill stance, it arrogates to itself as against the Upper House peculiar powers which it calls privileges, but one of these very privileges is that it should not be called upon to define them. The right of taxation, again, it has always claimed as its inalienable right, as one of the canons of the Constitution j yet eveiy now and then, as in the case of the paper duty, something occurs to show that even this canon has not yet got out of the controversial stage. The relations between the Legislature and the Executive are quite as much matter of trust as thoso between the two Houses. The Houso of Commons is undoubtedly a singularly unfit body to exercise executive power, yet the con- trol it possesses over the Executive is so absolute, that virtually it can at any moment, by a simple vote, declare itself the sole depository of that power. There is no written well-defined Constitution, as in America, to protect one branch from the invasion of the other. The same unsettled state of things characterises the proceedings of the House. Even where it is supposed to have rules and regulations, they are so loose and un- settled that it would not be difficult to defeat them or to make them defeat each other. Theoretically bound by them, practically they are in the power of any individual member to violate them with impunity. Por instance,it is theoretically open to any two members to prevent theHousefromdoingthe business of the country. The process is by means of an adjournment. Any two members may combine to move-one the adjournment of the debate, and the other the adjournment of the House, and to take a division upon their several motions, one after another, indefinitely. Then, again, the privilege of speaking against time. Though the theory of the House precludes a member from speaking twice to the same motion, except in committee, it does not pro- tend to regulate the length of his speech upon that occasion. It would be easy to multiply examples where liberty is really given to the individual to disturb the whole mechanism of Par- liamentary government; but we have adduced sufficient to show that the fact that this disturbance never occurs canuot bo credited to the mechanism itself. It is rather due to the sense of moderation and forbearance of those who control it. The whole working of the British Constitution, equally with that of the British House of Commons, depends upon the exercise of this sens'e. The instruments it employs, complex, rudo, and antiquated, are at any time liable to misuse, and can be employed successfully only in this spirit of self restraint and toleration. " If they work " their proper purpose," says the writer we have referred to, and whose thought- ful essays in one of last year's Quarter- lies we commend to Mr. Higinbotuam, " if they promote the well-being of the " country, the credit is due, not to their " own excellence, but rather to the " common sense of those who work " them." His Excellency the Governor, owing to in- disposition, was unable to attend yesterday some three public celebrations at which his presence was expected, if not promised, viz., the Volunteer lieview, the regatta on the Yana, and the Mayor's dinner at the Criterion. Tho Soptember mail from England was duo at Adelaide yesterday, and here to- day, but up to the hour at which Tht Argus went to pitss this mornirjg, the branch re iii stornier had not been telegraphed. It ia undoutsii that the P. and O. Company's new and power- ful Bteamsbip Ellora would bring on the mail on this occasion in lieu of the Noiiham, and we may hope, therefore, that the mail will bo brought somewhat punctually to time. The recently-elected Mayor of Melbourne (Mr. William Baylee) was Inducted Into office yetterday, at ttie annual meeting of tho City Council. In the evening his worship gave a bacquetat the Criterion Hotel, in celebration of the event. There wera about ninety guestp, including fivo representatives of the Miuitti y-namely, the Chief Secretary, the Treasurer, the Minister of Mines, the Minister of Lande, and the Commissioner of Trado and Custom?. The Melbourne celebration of the Prlnca of Wales'a birthday was of the gayest kind. ButinwB was generally suspended, and ovory body who could went holiday- making. This was attested not only by the large attendances that graced the public festivals beld ia honour of Ihe day, but also by the numbers that sought quiet enjoyment in the marine and sylvan retreats around the metropolis. Flogs were hoÍBted on the public buildings ; the ships in the barbour displayed their colours; and tho bells of St, James's Church rang out merrily at intervals. The weather, wo may add, was of the finest possible description for out-door pastimes. One of the most popular of the festive doings of yesterday waa the fete glvon by tho Odd- fellows, wbioh attracted many thousands of persons to the old Zoological-gardens, on the banka of the Yaira. All kinds of amuse- ments were provided. There wero racing, leaping, and vaulting, to say nothing of other athletic sports, for prizes of value, including time-pieces, watches, and articles of silver plate. There were dancing social, and dancing spectacular. The former took place on the turf, while the latter was exhibited on a platform. The one embraced quad- rille, value, and polka ; the other con- sisted of Highland fling, and sailor's hornpipe. There was the diversion dear to flippant damsels and rapid youths, of " kies in tho ring." Thero was an auction, conducted in the mest business-like fashion, at which various fancy articles were knocked down at their full worth, and perhaps a littlo moro. Thero wero machines for testing man's weight, and ascertaining the strength of his muscle s and lungs. A portion of ground was tot npait in honour of '. Aunt Sally ;" and i-ropilcloia of miniature rifle-galleries tempted would-be sharpshooter, by the offer of Barcelona-nut prizes to make trial of their ekill. Then for the juvonilea there wera " merry-go-roundf," aerial boots, and a Punch's theatre. Lattly, there were booths innumerable, -where generous viands and cooling drinks were vended. With these aida to enjoyment; with the music fur- nished hy two banda; with bright wei- ther ; with the striking colours which flags, banners, and Oddfellows' sa9hes and badges príH.ntcd; and finally, with the crowds en- gaged in fporf, promenades, and quiet watch of the revels, the Australian gala-day was fully realized. Large as was tho gathering, tho proceedings wero conducted with the u<mo:-t decorum. Another pleasiug circum- stance connected with the entertainment was, tbut it had a charitable object. Tho profits, which no doubt aro considerable, will bo divided between the Melbourne Hospita], the Benevolent Asylum, and the Orphanages. The Volunteer Review at Emerald hill yeeteiday waa attended hythe largest num- ber of volunteers yet ossembled together in the colony, neaily 2,700 men wore under arms. The attendance of spectators wa3 also unusually large. Brigadier- General Carey was present. Brunswick had an unusually gay day yea ttrdoy, by holding spoits in connexion with the local cricket club. The ground was gaily decorated with flags, and an elegantly painted detigD, presented.by the painter,|Mr. Bickford. About 1,000 persons wero in at- tendance, and Zeplin's band provided music i for dancing. The sports, consisting of foot I racing and jumping, werewell contested ¡ the moat novel and amusing'being an impromptu I match botween Mr. E. Whitby, the judge, and Mr. Barningham, the starter, who wero born on the same day, and are now something I over fifty years of oge. The match was won by the starter. The nsual dulness of Williamstown was I somewhat broken in tho oariy part of yester- day by tho appearance of visitors from the city, who thronged the different places of public resort. In the afternoon the town wai further enlivened by a demonstration to in- augurate the new Foresters' hall, hitherto I known as the Atbenoum, which, having been purchased by the Order of Foresters, has beon I considerably improved and tastefully deco I rated. About four o'clock, a procession, headed by the artillery brass band, and con- sisting of the various lodges of Foresters, Odd Fellows, and Kechabitca belonging to the place, and carrying flags and banners, left the hall, and, after promenading the streets for a couple of hours, returned to the point from whence they started, where they were enter- tained during the romsinder of the ovenlng, At the soiree addresses were given, which were relieved by the performances of the Railway Glee Club, the wholo being wound up with a ball, which waa largely attended. A tiial of model yachts was mads yester- day, under the nuipicesof tho Model Yacht Club, on the Sandridge Lagoon. Six yachts competed, and the winner in.the contest was the craft Garibaldi. Tho trial may be re- garded as successful, notwithstanding the " biiilling winds which prevailed. Tho club aro endeavouring to obtain the use of a more suitable piece of water for their experiments than tho Sandridge Lagoon. A large number of persona spent their holi- day yesterday in a pleasure excursion to Queenscliff, on board tho steamer Resolute, which left Sandridge Pier in the morning, at holf-pait nine, and returned at an early hour in the evening. About five or six hundred people attended at Hegarty'a baths, St. Kilda, yesterday after- noon, to witness an " aquatic tournament," which included several swimming races for short distances, a race, in which the swimmers had their hands tied behind their backs, a "smoking race," and a diving match for distance. Mr. J. Williams, Mr. A, Donovan, and Mr. Hannah, were the competí torswhosne ceededincarryingoffthepriziB. Therewasalso on exhibition hy M. D'Albert, who claims to bo "Blondin's only rival," of several attempts to croBS upon a wire extended over tho length of the baths. These were more suc- cessful in affording amusement to the specta- tors than in establishing the performer's equality with his rival of American and English colobrity. After one or two fruitless efforts, ho succeeded in accomplishing tha distance, and then passed along with a bar- row, but on returning his barrow unhappily fell into the water, and M. D'Albert only avoided a similar fate by saving himself with his legs. The performance could not ba re- garded os a Buccess. Yesterday's holiday keeping caused a great deal of activity in the passenger traffic upon. the various railway line3 radiating out of Melbourne. Upon the Government linos the traffic was principally into town by return ticket, so that the number of tickets issued at the Spencer-street terminus affords no indication of ita amount. A return of the number of passengers conveyod on the Melbourne and Hobäon's Bay United Ballway during the day gives a total of 20,720, and there were aeven of the amnller stations not included in theso figures. The principal itema whloh go to make up this total are-Melbourne station, 8,416; Prince'abridge, 8.610; Emerald-hill, 1,363; Sandridge, 800¡and Gardiner'sOreok rood, 544. It is creditable to "the manage- ment of theae lines to be able to add .that thoEe numbera were conveyed without the slightest casualty occurring. The bazaar at St. Georga's-bnll in aid of the St. Vincent de Paul's Orphanage waj continued yeaterdoy. The hall was crowded throughout the day, and again in the evening, and the fair sUll-holdera were more than ordin&rily; successful In tholr exertions on behalf of this charity. By for the moat valu- able rortion of the contents of the stalls, however, remain to bu disposed of, and visitors today and tomorrow will find plenty to engage their attention. By the courtesy of Major Wallace, the band of the Ballarat Rifle Rangers played in the ball yesterday afternoon, and their rendering of " The Death of Nelson " was much admired. Tbe Misses Deehan sang several duets very aweeily. and a lady pianoforte pupil of Prof. Hughes played a selfction from Kuhès' Irish airs with marked effect. Tho infant Australian violinist performed several airs with variations upon the instrument of which be promlEes to become a master, and he was three times encored. Mesdames Pett and Stanley performed some pianoforte duets, and Messis. Amery and Gamble also con- tributed to the success of the amateur con- ceit. Musical selections of a like character, under the direction of Professor Ilughes, are promised for this evening, Tho spring exhibition of the Horticultural Socitty of Victoria will ba held to-day and to-morrow, lu the Botanic-gardens. At a meeting of shareholders of the Vic- toria Permanent Property Investment and Building Society, held at the offices, al Swanston-street, on Wednesday evening, Mr. John Fcott was elected treasurer, and Mr, T. Fairwoy a member of the committee. A man named ThomaB Gillon, but better known as " Yorkey," committed suicide on Sunday last, by haDginahimselfinabedroomof the Boyal Oak Hotel, Portlaud. Ho wob about foity or forty-five years of age, and had lived for Eome time at Casterton. The coroner's jury gove a verdict finding the deceased to have been of unsound mind. At the Hotham Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. Lloyd, Flannagan, Moore, and Warren, Geo. Gardner was brought up on a charge of felony in connexion with the finding of some sheep on his promises, off Courtney-street. It appeared that some sheep belonging to Mr. F. B. Hann, of Emerald-hill, which were driven from market on the 7th inst, were on the following day found on Gardner's premises, their owner having obtained a search warrant in order to discover them. Mr.Hann, however, having got bick his sheep, now said he would with- draw the charge, and the case was accordingly dismissed. Joseph and Thes. Bradley were fined 40f. each for removing sand from Crown lands without a licence ; an i Gl :> Farrar waa fined Cb., with 2a. 6d. costi, for driving uu hroken horses through the streets in the day- time, Of the state of matters at Wood's Point the Leader of Tuesday lost writes :--" Should the downfall of rain with which we were favoured on Sunday and yesterday have been general all over the country, it will tend in some measure to dissipate the gloomy fore- bodings which have lately become so preva- lent, and at the same time prove of consider- able immediate benefit to our agricultural prospects. In our own district, the advan- tages which we should derive from a favour- able season can scarcely be over-estimated. The only drawback to an otherwise highly Ealubrious locality is and has baen the great scarcity of vegetable food, a scarcity which our doctors tell ub has given rise to the only prevalent complaint amongst us. Bat now there Is a gocd prospect of this want being no longer felt-of potatoes and cab- bages being brought within tho reach of the working man, and not confined exclusively to the taWe3 of the wealthy and luxurious, Not only within tho township itself, but up every creek and gully, hanging on the Bides ol the steepest of our tanges, and hidden in every valley and glen, gardens are to be found for miles round, affording, ia addi- tion to their material comforts, a va lioty to the landscape and a gratifica tion to the eye, wearied of the sombrt "and mi notoncua hue of our native foliage which «lone is no small addition to oui pleasures. These gardens have In every in stan cb been formed in the face of the greates ©batéeles of position and circumätauces, ir the shnps of timber, rocks, scrub, aud othe natural peculiarities of our ranges. The re ward, however, promises to be commensurati with the skill and perseverance employod Already wo have gardens worked up to a per fectlon nnd in a state of forwardness whlcl could not be excelled ; a genial season onl; ie required to aid the generous soil and th gardeners' labour to make vegetables as chea; and abundant as they have hitherto beei scarce ond dear." Tho Bendigo ^Adoertiser says :-" Notwlth ?standing Mr. M'Culloch's solemn assertio that he was not personally interested to an appreciable extent in the passing of the Ti jiS-atm appropriation Bill, it appears by tb return juBt issued, on the motion of M Sladen, that the rejection of tho measui would affect the firm of M'Culloch, Sellar, au Co. to the extent of nearly £2,000." No dout the firm have secured thomselves by takln bords from their customers. "Aminer at the Black River," Bays ft Wood's Foinl Leader, "had a ramarkah escape from a sudden -and violent death o Friday last. A drayload of machinery ft the Boyal Standard was being discharged c the Independent claim, within a short di tance of a shaft in which a man was at wor As it happened, the dinner hour had jn been announced, and the workman w hauled op. He had barely reached the 6U face, and moved away a step or two, whe thedmy was tilted np, the contents roll« out, and a large wheel, with a rebound fro the eat tb, entered the shaft, and went etas ing to the bottom. This ia a striking instan ?of what might be the result of any want precaution or care in the handling of su< unwieldy masses amongst our sharp spu and precipitous declivities. Although t sinking wos nicety feet deep, the wheel, < htitg dra>\n up, was found to bo aim*, uninjured." " A considerable number of London Oho tercd bank notes," says the Talbot Leal "" exceeding £300 in value, were destroyed the fire which occurred at tho Chiueso O.trn Mia Mia Flat, last Tuesday afternoon. TI: ?money, it appear?, had b>en carefully p aside In the Celestial store some days befor but, owing to the rapidity with which t flamcB spread, the etott-keeper had no Iii to boyo tho properly. Portions of this mon had been lodged with the storekeeper 1 safe custody hy a number of his countryrm and tho bataneo reptesented tho sum c lected in this and neighbouring districts I ?conveying the bodies of saveral dafun ChlntBe to the flowery land. The total li by this conflagration will, therefore, arnon to about £1,000." A moBt distressing caso of poverty a want came before the Kyneton Bench oa Tu day last. The Olitrver, writing oa regards says :-" An apparently respectable worn! with two littlo children, both girls, v »nested by the police upon a charge vagrancy. From the statement of the moth Mary O'Brien, it appeared she had left M tourne with the intenlion of walking ?Sandhurst, where some friends of her ( ceased husband resided. She had been i weeks travelling with her helpless infau Bleeping out at night, and sometimes nea starving, and as ehe told her pitiable tale, f mournfully added she knew not how to i further on her journey. In answer to the Bench, she expressed a desire of getting back to town, and a subscription of 18s. 6d. was raised for her in court, with which she aftor waids tcok a ticket by train to Melbourne. Many more auch cases m this, and who shall say that the direst poverty has no home in wealthy Vittoria?'' Tho Presbytery of Melbourne held their usual monthly meeting on Tuesday last, the 7th inst. There wero present tho Rev. P. Brown, moderator ; and Rev. Messrs. Hether- ington, Macdonnld, Moir, Clark, D. Boyd, W. Fraser, Darling, Kininmont, M'Nlcol, Adam, Mackie, Bagley, M'Gregor, and Menzies ; and Messrs. M'Nab, M'Lurc, J. Brown, and Dr. Wilson. In the absence of the Rev. J. Bal- lantyne, through continued indisposition, Mr. Mackie was clerk pro tem. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and confirmed. A deputation from the Werribee district ap- peared before the presbytery, and presented a memorial praying the presbytery to take immediate steps to moderate in a call. Re- lativo papera wero read, and the deputation was introduced by Mr. Hcthrington, who gave a very cheering account of matters. Mr. Hetherington moved the adoption of the memorial, which was seconded by Mr. Clark, supported by Mr. Caldwell, and agreed to. Mr. Hetherington wob appointed to preach and moderate in the call, on Monday, 20th inst., at Wyndham, at tenla.m. ; Ltttlo River, two p.m.; and Duck Ponds, five p.m. Mr. Kininmrnt reported respecting East St. Kilda, and intimated that a deputation had been appointed to wait upon the presbytery with a statement of affairs and a memorial, sotting forth the necessity existing for a Presbyterian church in the locality. The memorial was signed by a number of respectable and influential Presbyterians in the district. Mr. Mackie moved that tho prayer of tho me- morialists should be granted, which was seconded by Mr. Darling, and unanimously agreed to. The committee of the presbytery was continued, with the nama of tho mo derator added. Mr. Moir reported the induc- tion of Mr. L. Dobinson into the united charges of Port Albert and Tarraville. Tho overture introduced nt lost meeting by Mr. Macdonald, respecting parishes, was approved and transmitted to the Assembly. Metter was rend from the Rev. T. Menzies, resigning his charge at Stratford, on account of ill health, The resignation was accopted, and the presby- tery expressed sympathy with Mr. Menzies, and the people of his recent charge. The Rtv. Mr. Logan was appointed moderator of the session and congregation ; and instructed to preach to the church vacant. Mr. Mackie, as convener of the examining board pro tem., reported that Messrs. Roberts, Brunton, and Groundwater had passed a successful exami- nation, with a view to their caso being Bent up to the assembly. 1 he reportwas approved and recommended for transmission to the assem- bly. In reference to Mr. Hampshire's appli- cation for a fully recognized atatuB, it was agreed that the presbytery had no power. Several overtures from ErBkino Church were read, and the presbytery adjourned, to meet on the first Tuesday in December. Tho pro- ceedings cioBod with prayer. We have Sydney papers of the 4th inat. The Eerala has the following : -" Two houses in Samuel-street, Surrey HilH wore struck by the lightning during the thunderstorm on Thursday. The electrio fluid struck the chimney of one of the houses, and knocked down some of the brickwork. It then do» «¡ended into tho house, and a safe containing crockery waa upset, the glass and earthenware being smashed. It unfortunately happened that Mrs. Davidson, tho occupant of the house, waa in the course of the lightning, which, if it did not actually strike her, passed bo near to her as to render her unconscious. Dr. Lander was called to Bee the poor woman, and he is understood to entertain a hope of her ultimate recovery. Some of the slates on the next house, occupied by Mr. Farrell, were torn off, decantara and other articles were broken, and Mrs. Farrell and her daughter, who wero in tho honso at the time, were dreadfully alarmed. Several other parson«» living in the neighbourhood also suffered severe ehocks from the nearness of the lightning to where they were." By tho kindness of Captain Harvey, of the barque Meander, wa kavo our filea from Saa Francisco to the 23rd August. The Alla of the 19th of that month, saya:-"It is stated that the officer in command of the British fleet in Mexican waters, on hearing of the déprédations of the Shenandoah among the Arctic fleet, ordered the war steamer Devas- tation to start in search of the pirate at once, with instructions to capture her wherever found, and treat her as a pirate. The United States war steamer Suwanee is also supposed to be on a cruise in search of tho Shenandoah, so that it is probable that the pirate will have to ' take water,' or ' climb a tree,' at no very distant day." The Suwanee is a vessel of ten guns, and llsht draft of water. The Sarancc had also been Eent out for the same purpose, having been fitted out ex- pressly in San Francisco, on receipt of the news of the destruction of whalers in Behrlng'a Straits. Tho most interesting cricketing event of yesterday was the match between eleven of tho playera from whom the intercolonial eleven will b3 chosen, and sixteen of the Eist Melbourne Club. As far as the first innings is concerned, the club has a considerable ad- vantage, but from the manner in which the eleven opened thoir fécond innings, It seems piobablo that a different tale will be told at tho conclusion of the contest. Tho .sixteen went first to tho wickets, and notwithstanding the bowling of Conway and Wills, which wai excellent, succíeded in run nlns up a score of 124, to which D. Wilkie contributed 34, W. Campbell 21, B. Wardill 17, nnd M. M'Gann 11. Wilkie, it must be confessed, gave several chances whloh wero not taken advantage of. W. Oamphell'a 21 were obtained by good and careful play, and B, Wardill is also entitled to credit for the stand he made against the bowling. The Eleven were quickly disposed of for forty-two, a result which certainly astonished everyone ac- quainted with the capabilities of the players, The rapid retirement of the E levon wa? attributable solely to D. Wilkie's "slows,' which were certainly good, and which ap peared to take some members of the opposing team by surprise, although on former ^occasions they have played the same bowlingauccessfally, The highest contributor to tho score was Conway, who made fourteen runs, and Kelly waa next with ten ; all the rest were small scores. In the second innings of the Eleven which was commenced immediately after the conclusion of the first, the players seemed to be able to do what they liked with the very Eame bowling which had pro ved so formidable In the first innings. Kelly and Turner re- mained at. their posts until the stumps wert drawn, having scored twenty-seven and eighteen respectively, and the only wicket lost was that of Mortimer, who retired foi one. It is probable that the match will be played out to-morrow. The aquatic sports arranged to take place on the Upper Yarra, under the auspices of the Richmond Rowing Club, came off yester- day afternoon ; and as they may be partly considered as a substitute for the annual regatta which has been held on the Prince of Wales' birthday for the past few years, it is not remarkable that the programme pro- vided attracted a very large number of spectators. The sports were creditably man- aged, and nothing more unpleasant occurred than occasional annoyance to the competing crews from the crowding of the river. The course was from the "straight," above Church street bridge, to a point a little below the Richmond punt, except in the case of the bumping races, when the starting and winning posts were reversed. The races were watched from the banks by between 3,000 and 4,000 people, and the river was crowded during the whole of the afternoon with parties in pleasure-boats, the weather having proved as favourable as could have been desired. Lady and Miss Darling occupied a post of observation in one of the upper apartments of the Sir Henry Barkly Hotel for several hours, and a large number of town visitors were also accommodated by Mr. Carrick, the hotel commanding a good view of the finish of most of the races. The first event on the programme was a scullers' race, open to all boats excepting the cham- pion and ex-champion. The competitors, K. Mitchell, of the Richmond Club, and D. Shawcross, rowed in outriggers. Mitchell maintained a slight lead from the commencement, and won by a couple of boats' lengths, without much difficulty. Two boats ran in the maiden pair-oared race, T. White (stroke) and Henry Mitchell (bow) rowing in the one gig, and J. Shehan (stroke) and J. O'Leary (bow) in the other. The two boats got away well together ; but when about 500 yards from the starting- point, White and Mitchell having a lead of about half a boat's length, their opponents ran foul of the bank, and this acci- dent cost them the race. There were only three competitors in the scullers' race in clinker-built half- outrigged boats -viz., E. Williams, representing the Ballarat Club, D. Shawcross, and W. Wallen - J. Mitchell having with- drawn. Williams got a strong lead at the el ait, and very soon afterwards the other two boats were fouled by a boat on -the river crossing their path. Notwithstanding this occident, Wallen mado a good second, Wil- liams winning by two or threo boats' leDgths. The fourth event was a palr-oarad race, between J. T. Butt and John Mitchell, and B. Williams and W. Wallen. This race was also spoiled by a boat on the river getting in the way of the losing crew. On nearing the winning- post, Butt and Mitchell had a lead of four boats' lengths, and had they not been fouled they would in all probability have secured the victory which accident gave to their more fortunate opponents. The best contested event of the day was the junior sculling race, in which Henry Mitchell rowed against Thomas White. First position was secured by the former, after a hard struggle. Some bumping races, arranged to be rowed in four-oared gigs, were on the card, but the entries being very numerous, it was found impossible to finish them, and they will probably be settled on Saturday. As a new feature in connexion with these sports it may be mentioned that, instead of cups being presented to the winning crews, as has hitherto been the custom, it is proposed to give the successful competitors gold medals of a very neat design, which may be worn as a watchguard ornament. Sheridan's ever welcome comedy, " The School for Scandal," was performed before a large holiday audience at the Theatre Royal last night. Tho leading characters were filled, as on former representations of the same piece, and perhaps nowhere out of Lon- don could so fine a cast be found for this play. Mr. Sullivan appeared as Charles Sur- face, Mr. Lambert as Sir Peter Teazle, Mr. Heir as JoBeph Surface, and Mrs. Heir as Lady Teazle ; and we need hardly say that Buch a distribution of parts furnished a sufficient guarantee that the performance waB heartily relished by the audience. Charles Matthews's adaptation of "Le Domino Noir " was played at the Haymarket Theatre, last night, to a full house ; Lady Don appearing as Camilla D'Alcasada, a character which she bas already made a favourite with Melbourne ploygoers. Mr. R. Stewart succeeded in making the part of Gregorio very amusing, and the other charac- ters were effectively played by the company. The performances concluded with Buck stone's comedietta, " Mischief-making." 