THE BUNDLEMAN ON THE PLAINS. [from all the year round. ! A bundleman, or foot traveller who carries his bundle of blankets on his back, arrives in the even ing at a cattle station on the M. River, in Aus tralia. Received by a chorus from the dogs, he asks for the ' cove,' by which he means the mas ter, goes to him, and puts the stereotyped ques tion, ' Please, sir, do you want any hands ?' He is sent up to the men's hut, with leave to stay the night. There, after supper, he ' gots in a yarn' with the stockmen, as they smoke their pipes outside the hut. ' How far might you call it from here to the B. river, matey ?' ' Oh, about seven-and-thirty mile, for them as knows the bush, but you'll have to put sixty or seventy more on to it if you follows the river.' ' What's the cove like, down below ?' ' A hungry beggar, as grudges a man a pot of tea.'' ' Any water on the plain ?' ' Well, there ought to bo enough to camp on, in the dug hole, at the lake.'' ' There was a chap, up the river, as told me that a. dray come up here, straight across from the dry lake,, a month ago. Could a man follow the track ?' ' Jimi and me see the tracks plain enough, a long way out,, when we was after that beast to kill, o' Wednesday ;. but you'd better not let the cove see you a-going: that way ; ho kicked up row enough about the dray coming ; fjaid they wanted to wake a road across the \- run, and we'd be havin' aflook of oaterpillai's (sheep) comin' over next. If you're game to tackle the plain, Jim here is goin' after the horses at daylight, and , he'll put you on the dray- track.' ' '''Daylight comes, a bright. red dawn. The traveller ? is conveyed . by Jim the stockman through the low pblygonum scrub that skirts the river, and is shown ; .the faint marks of a pair of wheels. These he is to follow for twenty miles or so, when he will come to :.: a beaten track, near which he fully expects to find a little water. He has a bit of ' ration ' with him, ?and thinks. he will camp at the dug hole that night, and go on to the B. next day. On that river, sheep ? station huts are plentiful, and he need make no more long marches. He has his covered tin pot, or ?, «« billy,' in his hand ; this holds a couple of quarts of river water ; but it is old and battered, and leaks -a little. The great grey plain is spread before him ; the Fata Morgana is brilliant this morning, as it , of ten' is in very hot weather ; and he. sees the -re- : versed images of far distant sand-hills, pine ridges, and river timber, refracted above the horizon, and ?' flickering in the heat, radiated from the hot earth. „ : Then, up rises the great fiery sun, the heat increases suddenly, the fantastic figures fade away, the horizon ? ?L seems to contraot, and lies before him as round and '??'-.' unbroken as that of the sea. There is plenty of life here, near the river. Great ' flights of cockatoos have posted their yellow-crested sentries, and are busy digging for their breakfasts. Light clouds of white dust rise far and near, where , the cattle, which are all in on the river now, aro congregating on their camps ; they have been feed i ing during; the last three, hours, and will lie all day, in sleepy groups, upon the hot sand-hills, until in the late afternoon the elders among them decide /that it is time to march, in long strings, to the ac customed watering-place. A- dozen gaunt black . , '.crows fly on before the traveller, mooking him with their fiendish croaking, and wishing in their hearts ?-. ' , 'that evil may befal him, to the end that they may .pick his. bones. They know that a man's skin is thinner than a bullock's, and that, on suoh- tender meat, their beaks would have o fair chance against the' wild dog's teeth. Presently, a kangaroo rat bolts out of a salt-bush, and goes away at a great pace, with zig-zag bounds, his little fore-paws crossed demurely over his breast. The bundleman's dog pursues him, but is rated by his master, and comes back to heel ; he will have far enough to go to-day, . without hunting wallabys. It is already, though only an hour after sunrise, very. .hot; there is the coppery glare about the north west portion of the sky which always accompanies a hot wind; there is a dull smoky look about the horizon that portends a 'regular scorcher;' and, though he is as yet only about, four miles from the fringe of tall trees that skirts the river, they already begin to look cloudy and indistinct; The dray track ?is almost obliterated, and the walking among the low salt-bushes and cotton- bushes is very bad. The bundleman begins to think he would have been wiser to have followed round the rivers, where he would have had a beaten track, shade and water, than to faoe the plain, for the sake of a short cut. How ever, he is a good walker, and does not care for the heat ; he marches on, with his bundle on his back, and his 'billy' in his hand. He has done some twelve or thirteen miles, the sun is almost perpen dicularly over his head, and he is out of sight of the ? river timber — fairly out to sea, as it were. He throws down the roll of blankets, sits on them, opens the ' billy,'! and finds that a good deal of the precious water has leaked; he drinks a little; it is very 'precious, but he pours a few drops into the lid of the pot for his dog, who, poor fellow! is suffering already, and looks strangely dusty, anxious and dispirited. That dog's ancestors oame from breezy Sootch mountains, and he would be far more at home seeking sheep buried in a snowdrift than poddling across the open plain. The traveller stops the leak with a bit of clay, shoulders his bundle, ond trudges on. The plain seems endless ; no sound of living thing breaks the deadly stillness ; the very flies that so tormented him near the river have disappeared ; .'? there is nothing moving save unearthly-looking columns of red dust, towering high in the hot air, raised from some distant sand-hill by the whirl winds. On he plods, hour after hour, looking anxiously for the faint wheel marks that guide him. The hot wind burns his eyes and dries his lips, and he moistens' his parched mouth now and then with a few drops of the precious water. He is unselfish enough, too, to Bpare his dog a little. The water does not refresh him muoh, for it is very warm and mawkish, and the rim of the tin pot almost scorches his lips. At last he sees a dark grey cloud suspended, over the horizon, quivering in the glare of reflected heat. He knows that cloud to be the low timber that skirts the dry bed of the Twenty-mile Lake ; he expeots to find water in a pit dug on its edge. Drinking ?' the last of his store, he walks on more quickly ; knowing that on such a day the trees would npt.be visible more than a couple of miles, he begins to have pleasant thoughts of a 'pot of tea,' a pipe, and a sleep , in the shade of a pino. He hurries on; the afternoon sun is shining in his face, he crosses a beaten traok almost without seeing it. Perhaps a thought may arise within him as to the possibility of the hole being dry, and perhaps his heart may stand still a moment, but he will not think it. Everything seoms strangely still ; why are there no birds about the water? .' Not the twittering of a wren, not the croak of a crow, to break the silence. He notices, with a qualm of fear, there is no footmark of living thing in the duBt of the cattle-paths that lead to the water-hole. Who can tell what passes through the mind of the lost sailor, as he goes overboard, in a gale off the Horn ? Who can realise what that seaman feels, as the great ship leaves him, far behind, upon the pitiless waves, among which, he knows too well, no boat can live to save him ? And this shepherd, as he looks into the pit, and see grim death staring _ him in the face, from the dry mud at the bottom ~ of the hole ? He has heard of dead men's bones found on that plain, and he knows what his end is to be. Poor follow ! He is very thisty now, his tongue is swelling in his mouth, he feels giddy and sick, and throws away his pack. He will stagger on a few miles more, hardly knowing whither he is going, lured on by the, treacherous mirage, which, will mock his eyes with phantom sheets of clear water, reflecting the trees around them, and rippling in the wind, only a fow hundred yards ahead. Ho will wander on at random, throwing off his clothes ; ao he becomes weaker, perhaps he will feel his knife, and think of his dog ; but the dog has lain down to die under a bnsh, and that last horrible resource is gone. Then, a gleam of hope ! Two dark forms looming large against the red emoky mist in whioh the sun is setting, come up rapidly until within half a milo of him. Aro they horsowen ? Xboy stop. Do tboy oco hun ? Yes, they have seen him, and they fly before the hot wind ; he knows they are emu going to water, and that their long legs will carry to the cool river in two hours or so. Many months after, some wandering stockman may see some bones lying on the plain, and may curse the wild dogs for killing calves ; he will never notice the round white skull under a salt-bush a few yards off. Remains of lost travellers are often found on these plains. During a residence of twelve years on-them, the writer has had personal experience of seven instances, but the relics can seldom be iden tified. Clothes and blankets are .soon torn to shreds by wild dogs, and bones are picked , clean by them, aided by crows and ants. Sometimes, how ever, remains are recognised. A friend, in the year 1853, riding through a strip of 'mallee' scrub! not far from the Edward Biver, picked up a skull, bleached by the sun and rain of many seasons. There were no other bones near it, and he carried the skull home, where, for years, with 'memento mori' inscribed upon it, it decorated the mantel piece of a bachelors' hall. Many were the ethnological and phrenologioal opinions pronounoed over it. One worthy doctor, from its great thickness and monkey- like shape, deolar'ed it to be the brain pan of an old black woman. He used to point out the great development of the organs of philopro genitiveness and secretiveness — quality for which black gins are remarkable — bat his theories were overthrown. Eight years after the finding of the skull, and near the place where it was lying, a shep herd picked up a little copper box, which oontained, with other papers, a cheque, dated 1842, for sixteen, pounds, and drawn in favor of a certain Paddy Caae. On inquiry among the ' old hands,' it was found that a man bearing that name had lived with one of the earliest settlers in the district, and had disappeared, after starting to walk across the plain. At a late shearing on the Murrumbidgee some years ago, the men sent one of their number across the plains, with a pack-horse, to bring back two kegs of spirits, to be drunk at Christmas-time, which was then approaching. After an absence of many days, the pack-horse came home alone to his accus tomed 'run,' but the man never came, and the kegs were not heard of. Three years or so after wards, the barrels were discovered ; one, half empty, with a pannikin beside it ; artd the messen ger's bones were scattered around. Some spots on the Old Man Plain have the reputa- tion of being haunted by the ghosts of those who have perished on it ; a well-known place called the Black Swamp being especially notorious. A fine tall young fellow was terribly scared by something he saw there, one clear winter's night. He did not like talking about it, and it was with a good deal of trouble that he was induced to describe what he saw, or thought he saw. Charley said that he was travelling down the country with fat cattle ; they were camped at the Black Swamp ; it was a moon- light night, and the rest of the party were asleep round the fire; the cattle all lying down quietly, not a sound to be heard save the deep breathing of the sleeping bullocks. Noticing something moving and thinking it to be a restless bullock moving off the camp, he rode round to head it back, when he saw, by the light of the moon, a man on a grey cob riding towards him across a shallow pool of rain water, in which his horse's feet made no splashing, nor any sound whatever ; the figure rode close past Charley without taking any notice of him, and passed through the midst of the sleeping cattle, not one of which even looked at it. Now, Charley, an experienced drover, knew that had a mortal stranger so ridden among them, every bullock would have started up instantly, and the whole mob would have "rushed;" so he went to the fire, awoke his mates, and, without a word of explanation, bolted under- neath the waggon, where he remained until day- light, with his head wrapped up in a blanket. Charley has never camped at the Black Swamp since, and he never will; he does not much care even now to talk about the "trotting cob," and looks contemptuously at any one who insinuates that he must have been dreaming with his eyes open. 