TAMWOETH. r>BOK O Cil COEKESPONDKHT.] ? MAY -"OTU.-We iiavo dciignuui wcauicr, irosi mornings several times a week, wbile tko blazing £1 begins to feel very comfortable of an evening. Wo ai rather disappointed in our new mill.. -What with shoi weight, and more for grinding than elsewhere, man among us prefer sending their wheat all the way to tb Page, as formerly. At homo, it is about iivopence t grind a bushel of wheat, while hero, at Tamworth, it i one and tenpenoe. Surely, it could be done for less. Tamworth, long famous /or ita luxuriant crops c Bathurst burrs, can boast this season of a crop thu boats all former, years. In tho principal street the may bo Been to perfection. If Captain Thundorbol were but safely ensconced among somo of them, i would take thc polieo some time to hunt him out " Fisn, Ho !"-From some cause or other, tho Pet has lately swarmed with fish. Many people, dunn tho summer months, have boon almost enabled to dit dispenso with butchora' meat altogether. A Germar forty or fifty milos down the river, has visited va eyer week with a load, of fish-from the cod of 00HM down to thc tomptiñg-loohing perch of a pound and s half. . It was often wondered how he could oomq e far "and yot the "fish be sweet, li appears,: howoyei that he takes a fish as soon as caught, fastens it to soinc thing, and throws i it into tho river again. Ho Bay tljo fish will not;, now bite, during tho doy ; but in twi evenings last week he caught the amazing quantity o half a ton-five owt each night I Ono ¡weighed 85 lbs. i THE BcsnnANGsns.-These gontlomen will, play bu a,very, short gomo with us in. tho North. Thoy wi! never find half-a-dozen able-bodied fellows to wait upoi them at tablo hore. , Captain Thunderbolt scorcel; makes his. appearance among.us, before ho is pounce! upon, and one of his porty shot through tho head. I ever a man deserved promotion; Dalton' deservoait '/ daring, dashing, splendid rider is Dalton. Ho oftoi wished tobe transferred-to tho othor sida of tho country in hopes pf having ono-littlo spree with Gardiner an< company.'' At- lost ho hasia chance, and a prottj danoo 'ho will lead , tho Captain., Ho maj at Ulis moment bo pursuing him at - tho "Gulf ' o; Carpentaria-for all that is known. Many go so far al lo. say he will never roturn withput him. 1 , ¡EDUCATIONAI»-Tho usnnlgrantsfpr tho two" boardi appear to hnvd been voted very quietly, passing, by Mr Buchanan's ' poor J littlo fling nt 'tho . Denoimñntióna system. Ho would "put it down." Tho mass of tin pooplo-moy liko it j . but what is that to David í Experience teaches us td beware of tho mon ? who uso! tho words " vox populi," domooraey, &c;, very freely, Phico-him in a littlo power, and-ho will put them " down." . David still clings to tho Bnmo old worth as| to tho syfitcm of teaching tho ohildron to' bc bigots, td bato : each- other, fire. Does ho oyoi think that'ln1, Nntional- Bohool . is proyidod with a separate room in;which tho-ohildron of - each'scot cnn bp instructed by their own ininislor.' Tho Presbyterian enters, and tho Presbyterian children aro told to risc arid follow-tho door is shut Tho next day tho priest docs tho samo, [ and then tho Wesleyan. . In' this way tho thought bf different religions -will novcr enter" Uie children's-hoads-BO; thinks-Davidi It- may bo said tliat scarcely a clergyman in Uie-colony,'puts n-foot inside à National'school.' Truej'btit what then ns'to its suitability to tho country? By-tho-by, ¡your Liver- pool correspondent's remarks aro worth repenting-os to ono inspector going pvor tho ground of another, thc awful expense, ' how many-now schools tho morioy would establish, iSre, A.' timo may como whon .this money will' be 'saved. Is- thoro not in oyory distriot' somo . gentleman of ; education, ? . 0 local resident well 'qualified- to", roport-ns to' tho ¿tato of a school. ' Of ono thing I am sure, 'tho majority of tho pooplo would have moro faith in such a mon's report, than in that of ono, who visits .tho' sclipol fpr'acoupld of hours dncp dr so; in n-year. Perhaps'in ncr sphoro of action' "uítdbr tho' sun',' docs frail hinn- moro- 'show his ?fallibility, than when sot to inspect his fellows. 'Lot a man feel that inspection.earns him his bread, arid sbmo tliing Uko tho" following, will bo his thoughts. If I find the schools good, and soy so, then of wlint uso om I ? Besides, I moy bo, accused of a wont of proper dis- co-i minatidh,'and sd thought unfit' for' my work. It ie only,upon suoh.reasoning, that a, man¡can understand how' on inspector baa/boon known to congratulate both local, patrons and. paronts. as to .the. state ; of a school, and, after all, forward ii bad report of that very school. A mon is but a mon, and as I enid, in accounts given of examinations, is sadly liable td overdo tho thing. For instance : A gentleman was lately, sont'to injquiro into tho condition of tho youth of tho working clpsscB of Birmingham, Hero aro a fow of tho answors to* his questions as givon in tho'Empiro :-" -Ireland is a littlo town ;" "a violet is a pretty bird ;" " don't know if n. bobin redbreast isa bird;" don't know what n river is, or where tho fishes aro j" " don't know whore tho snow fallal from ¡".'"tho sea is modo of land, not of witter." A picture of a cow hoing milked is shown " ho is-a -lion -," "-I-havo- boord that '(Christ) but don't know,,,what, it is¡" "tho devil is a good person " ClîriBÉ was à wioked mah," &o.; Certainly this out Herods all. - Our own inspectors cannot como-noar to it It Js all Bpoiled.-howovor whon' I venture to assort thnt no Birmingham J man in tho'-colony will boliovo a word of it'- '. : " , :..?-..>: ; ' ¡A QHOST.-A certain neighbourhood not far from Tamworth;- was tho other evening.' thrown into a state of commotion and excitement,' by-tho following story, and all "porfootly true." A month ago, a poor woman bùriodTior'hÙBbarid,"who"died in the hospital. Incdn sqlobla.at her loss, tlio_poor_wifo obtained a few small splinter bones that carno from her husbands leg, and put thom in a match hox< as precious'relics. Alas; in tlirco sljort weeks tho lonoly'widowfdlf- hor loneliness to be moro than sho could bear, and at-brte'o mado up her mind to have'a second 'husband, witti whom to" spend tho long winter ovenings. ". It may bo that conscionco was priokingfa- little, hut bb that as it may, after returning lidmo sho heard on unusual sound upon tho mantlo pibco. Fooling started, sho placed her ear closo.to. tho match box, and thoro wore tho bonos rn tiling ¿ho against tho other at an awful rate. Shrieking, and running to'tho door,' Bhothoro bblibld tho ghost of her dopnrtod husband, who gave hör oho upbraiding lodk, gnvo her a tremendous box on tho oar, ' and then Tani shed.; 1 ; 