COUNTRY NEWS. [From our Correspondents,] BENDEMEER. Often and often have we wondered what haa become of your correspondent at Bendemeer that used to treat us to each amusing paragraphs—paragraphs which were anxiously looked for upon the arrival of each Saturday's mail. True, there is not much to write about at present, this peaceable and pretty vil lage being never disturbed by anything that could form matter for a correspondence. I was much amused reading a leading article in this week's * Empire," endeavouring, by publishing a letter from " Cornstalk," Armidale, to run down the whole of the police force in the colony. Now, what may take place in Armidale I cannot tell, hut 1 must, in defence of this little town, endorse the opinion of everyone residing here, and say that more efficient, steady, and respectable men could not be fonnd than at this present time occupy the police barracks at Bendemeer, and we attribute this to the able roauner tbe Superintendent performs his most arduous duties. We have, I regret much to say, lately lost our little Telegraph Master, who has been removed to Tam worth, and his place has been occupied by a gentle man who has been lately sojourning at Glen innes. He still occupies the same office that has been used since the Telegraph was first opened here, and not being satisfied with the arrangement made by Mr. Cracknell, and since inspected by Mr. Walker, has thought fit to rig up a small-table on the outside—I may almost say on the road, drays passing within 18 inches—and on this table you are now supposed to write all messages, in clouds of dust and a scorching sun. I have heard two or three parties say that they will not send any message while they are obliged to do this, so that should the Sydney office find any falling off in the office here they will know that if is through the absurdity of their clerk, and it would be as well if they give him a hint about it as soon as Police Court. Saturday,16th December. (Before C. T. Weaver, Esq., P.M., and T. A. Perry, Esq., J.P.) Thomas M'Fadden pleaded not guilty to a charge of absconding from the faired service of Robert Scholes, Tara. The plaintiff in this case is the owner of Tara station, and hired defendant to shepherd and watch one flock of sheep for 12 months, commencing on the 1st of March last. On the 2nd of this month de fendant applied to plaintiff for some money, which was refused, and on the day after, meeting Mr. Scholes in the bush, told him that he would not take the sheep out any more. Plaintiff told him that he would be doing very wrong if he left them, but on his return home he found the sheep in the hurdles at the head station, the defendant having left, the Bench found the defendant guilty, and he was mulet in the sum of 40s. and 4s. 6d. costs. The following cases should be a caution to butchers. J. H. Husband, Inspector of Sheep, v. Charles Easterman. The defendant in this case is a butcher, &c.;, residing on the Congai, and he appeared to answer the information of the Inspector, which, charged him with having driven 12 head of sheep from Kentucky to the Congai without their being branded with the letter T, as required by the 24th section of the Scab in Sheep Act of 1863. He was found guilty, and was fined 6d. a head and 4s. 6d. The same defendant again was called to answer the information of the Inspector, which charged him with having driven 12 sheep from Kentucky to the Congai without having given notice at Tara, the resi dence of Mr. Scholes, of his intention to drive such sheep, as required by the 23rd section of the Scab in Sheep Act. Defendant pleaded guilty, and the Bench, in consideration of the largeness of his family and his ignorance of the law, he being a foreigner, inflicted the mitigated penalty of £20 (twenty pounds) and 7s. 6d. costs. Charles Westbrook v. Richard Miller.—Detention of property. In this case the Bench had no jurisdic tion, the value of the property being sworn to be over £20. On Monday afternoon last two men, father and son, old residents at Bendemeer, were apprehended by tbe police on a charge of cattle stealing, and they are now in the lock-up awaiting their trial. The crops about here Iook well, and the weather is delightful. GLEN INNES. Last Wednesday the cases before the Bench fell to the ground, owing to the absence of the Police Magistrate and that of any other Justice of the Peace. Fortunately the number was not very great, and as in few instances either prosecutor or defendant ap peared we have a right to hplieve that they settled their own cases amicably. We understand that nex€ Thursday, the resident magistrates having fixec^that day for the appoint ment of collector for the Electoral Boll of 1866, a full Bench is likely tot meet, as instructions were given to the Clerk of Bitty Sessions to sendcircolars to the parties residingSn the diatrict and usually at tending the Glen Innes Bench, a On Saturday last Another storm passed over the 1 town, and (rather carious to relate} Sunday became I very cold towards evening, and a heavy frost was i visible on Monday, destroying potatoes, beans, I pumpkins, melons, /he. Who would have thought of | a frost in mid-summer ? | Shearing is over, and carriers, after delivering "• their loading in town, are immediately away to the neighbouring stations, taxing wool to the Cla rence. Several drays loaded with all kinds of goods have arrived at both stores and inns, so that Christ mas will be kept in good style. T expect a merry Christmas. Beaping is going on here and atStonehenge.and from what we have seen a bountiful harvest is expected. Indeed we ought to be grateful to Providence for it, l for at no time have we known farmers and others L more in need of the " needful" than we are all at pre Several have already a good quantity of hay ^SfeyTionsed, and we are happy to say that the late heavy rains have done little or no damage. Our butchering establishments are on the look-oat for prime beef and mutton, determined to give some thing good to their customers. Since Sunday the weather hae been fine, hut cold and windy Sickness is prevailing in the district, and colds or inflnenzas are going about by the dozen, so that our medical gentlemen are kept pretty busy. East Monday a man apprehended under warrant for disobeying the orders of the court was brought before Messrs. Harriott and Macinnis, and committed for 14 days to the watch-house to carry out eaid or ders, he having neglected to fulfil his agreement with bis employer. The Bev. Mr. Johnson held divine service in the school house at Glen Innes on Sunday last, and we understand that Mr. Rutledge, the Wesleyan clergy man, intends holding service in the brick building \- on Sunday, the 31st instant. ' Mr. Samuel Jackson, of Armidale, is, we under stand, the gentleman appointed to build the Presby terian Church at Glen Innes, his tender having been chosen from amongst several -fninjvnrrlprt We doubt •inothuf firom lnS 'tfiofuSgfiTtnowIedge of building he will give full satisfaction. We hail with pleasure the first step taxen in building churches in the town, and believe that this good example will be followed by other denominations. A merry Christmas and a happy new year to all our friends, far and near! Glen Innes, 19th Dec., 1865. ASHFOED, Ocn little township looxs' well after the fall of rain which we have bad, and there Is a little more stir awing to the races drawing nigh. I thins there will be a good field of horse* to compete for the several races to be run at Ashford. I will mention a few of the horses lixely to cut some capers at our race meeting. Mr. Sullivan's Quenton is a very fine bay gelding, sire Pltsford ; be stands about-15 hands S inches, has very fine large bone, and is op to any weight. In my opinion he will prove a very dangerous horse for the Town Plate, of three miles, if he does not come out too fine. He has a game head, a very, fine necK and shoulder, beautiful loins and quarters, and a fine waist for a girth. The next on the list for the three miles is our old favourite Harxaway He looxs very well as regards flesh, but as to his wind and racing condition I cannot say so much. Should he strip at the post, however, in fair condition, he will prove a dangerous customer, and it will t&Ke; a good horse to lick him. 1 do not say in good condition, for who ever heard of old Harkaway being in good condi tion 1 Best on the list is Wild Bake, also for the Town Plate. I believe he will strip at the post in very fair condition; if so, be may prove a good horse, al though he has stripped before at Ashford without scoring anything to bis credit, but I believe he was not then in good buckle, so there is something good expected of him this season. However, he will have a good field to heat, and then if be does not piece anything to his credit he may still be a good horse. Next on the list for the Town Plate will be Cooramin; he is a very fine horse, bred-by the Messrs. Wyndbam, of Buxxulla, and in my opinion a horse able to win a race at any meeting in the colony if brought out right. He is a horse that will require a great deal of training, and a good pair of bands to pull him through in racing. He is a very fine ehaped horse, having a very fine head and necK well set on his shoulders, and a good girth and waist. He is very fine and high in the crest, also very deep in the chest, and is a Kind- tempered horse, easy to mount, beautiful to Iook at, and moves well under yon. The next for the Town Plate will be the Maid of the West; she is a very pretty little mare for a galloway, but I do not tbinK she is fit to meet such race horses as those mentioned above for a Town Plate of three miles, at least not to place anything to her credit. But on a light course, and for one event of 1§ mile, with gaUoway weight^ I thinK she is too good for anything out of Sydney. Now for the Maiden Platers. First on the list is Black Eagle, but I cannot say much for his racing points; all that I can say is that he is high in bone and sound in flesh, and his backerB think him ... , uiq vavfifira UUDK aim "rum'un." Next comes the Sovereign Pet; she is very good commoner, and will stand a good chance f the grubstakes. She stands bleh in her backers opinio and As sound in condition. Next comes the Maid < ? VU1I1KB tUC JXLiilQ PTford; as regards racing points, she has enough, ai 8 lme to spare; she has got .immense foot, but ve little bottom, and I. do not think , she will have II ghost of a chance with the BlacK Eagle. Next com Neggleton; be is a very, fine weed, and I would say I would have very good bottom for balf-mite heats, ih is if he is not brouebt out too fine. But although he is little high bred, bis condition, which is very fine, m: bacx him throueh for the Maiden Plate; if not, be w; have a chance for the grub staxes, run second, ai save bis staxe—and that will be something. Ne comes Nimrod, and if I may give my opinion I wou say be will he (be winner of—I won't say wbat, but know that it It not the Town Plate. Ashford, 16th Dee., 1&85. Thbhb was to have been court held here to-day, hut C urae there was none. Tou may asx why it wast answer on account of only one magistrate (J. M. Mi donald, Esq.) attending. He adjourned the two ca until the 3rd January, 1866. One of these has be adjourned for two or three months; it is an importt one—one of cattle Killing. Of course I cannot give y the particulars as reported until the case has been go into. The other is for allowing men drinxing to maxing a disturbance on Sunday, 10th instant, in public bouse. I see by the ' Gazette' that a number of gentlem have been appointed magistrates for almost every toi in the North except Ashford. Why is such the cas The only reason that I can assign for itis that the towi people are careless about their own Interests, and do t more jn the matter. Ashford, 17tb Dee., 1885. [The dearth of magistrates at Ashford and Inve; should be remedied, as we have no doubt it might by an application to the Government. We beiiev< would be cordially supported not only by Mr. Gord but by Mr. Cooper, who, though elected for New E land S., will nevertheless feel an interest in the < administration of justice in tbe N. portion of the < trict. The public are under deep obligations to th gentlemen who frequently, at inconvenience and 1< attend tbe Benches at these towns, and it is certai due to them as well as the public that they sho be assisted by the commission of the peace being tended in their respective locality. Men of probi'y, telligence, and substance are, we presume, no m scarce in the Inverell and Ashford districts, accord to the population, than in other parts of New Engla and we believe the Government would be disposed diminish the existing inconvenience if proper repres tations were received by it—Eds. * A.E.'j 