OAPTAIH SE8IMK3 IN HOB3ON'S BAY. The news we publish in our telegraphic oalumns this morning will startle our readers. The redoubtable Captain Semmcs, of Alabama Tintnriotr. ban turned ud most unexpectedly in Eobaon s Bay in command ot tne onensnaoaD, i steamer carrying eight gun?. Our last news from England informed us that a vessel of 1,200 tons had cleared out of the East 'India Dack for Bombay, but whose real ^destination was. Madeira. Some days before this a steamer called the Laarel Bailed from Liverpool, with a hundred men on board, many of whom had served with Captain Semmes. It was also whispered that the cap tain himself was on board. For several days the Laurel lay in Funchal Bay, but early en the morning of October 17 she steamed out to sfa, and met the Sea King, on board of which were transfmed tha crew and cargo cf the Laurel, consisting of guns and ammunition. She then sailed in the direction of Bermude. This is the new vessel which, under the name of the Shenandoab, and commanded by Captain Semmec, has come to look in upon the Aus tralian Colonies. Surprise has been felt that this sea rover while in command of the Alabama niver thought it wcrth his while to visit these waters ; but now that he has come we question whether he will be very cordially welcomed. Stripped of the romance which his brave and dashing deeds have thrown around him, it ia difficult to see that his employment is much higher than that of a pirate. It seems a barbarous thing that he should be permitted to destroy such a large amount of valuable property; but we suppose his business is sanctioned by the laws and usages of war. Every Southern port is closed ogainit him, and he cannot carry his conquests into neutral port?, and therefore he destroys them. Our telegram states that Captain 8emmes comes a little too late to do much mischief, as th°re is scarcely an American ship now trading to Melbourne. S'X vessels are shortly due from New York and Boston, but it is thought they will sail under the English or Dutch flig, which Semmes will respect. We are not sure about tha*'. In his former career a* commander of the Alabama he had a wonderful faculty for discovering a Federal vessel under a neutral flag, and bu: little hesi tation in making a capture under such circum stances. The manner in which be entered the ITeada shows how easy it is for a foreigu war steamer to pass unchallenged into Hobson'a Bay, and will probably be a lesson to our neighbours to look to their defence. Committee on Pastoral Leases.— Our con emporary is very fond of using a favourite word fhich he has recently added to his vocabulary, le is always 'brushing' something or somebody tway— 'brushing' away their arguments, or 'brushing'' away their objections. But he may irush till all is blue, or— to borrow an illustration roni the Shoe Brigade -till all is black, andyet le will not be able to brush away the fact that the weight of evidence taken by the Select Committee m Pastoral Leases goes to ahow that there are ierious errors in Mr. Uoyder's valuations inrespect if the grazing capabilities of runs. It is useless for urn to say that counteracting evidence might have Deen called, or that whether the figures be right ir wrong, the rent must be fair. Tim is begging the whole question. We yesterday put Sir. Morris's evidence plainly before our readers; but our con temporary in his present article instead of replying to it abuses ourselves. However, this is what we might have expected from one whose only answer to the most temperate statement which does not suit him is that the Reader is a 'squatting' journal, and thit six months ago it contained something or other about runs which in his opinion was altogether wrong. Dissolution of Parliament.— This afternoon's Government Gazette will contain a proclamation dissolving the House of Assembly. It is under stood that there are to be three distinct issues of writs for the new elections; the fiist probably will be made known on Friday or Saturday next* Passengers bt the Branch Steamer.— The only passages actually taken, so far as we could ascertain on Wednesday evening, were by Mr. .nj \r«- IX Van* Wimiips for ATYirspilles! and Mr. md Mrs. F. C. Archer, two children, and inJant, or India. It is understood that Mr. and Mrs. G. 3\. Hawker will also be passengers for England. PuEsnTTEKiAN Union.— A correspondent sends is the following:— 'At a meeting of the ministers if the various Presbyterian Churches in this :olony, held on the 17th of this month, and after a lengthened and most friendly conference, a Com mittee was appointed for the purpose of framing 3\. basis of union in accordance with the views ex pressed by the assembled brethren. The Com mittee thus appointed met iu Chalmers School room on the 25th instant, and drew up the follow ing basis, to be submitted to another general meeting of ministers and office-bearers, to be held in the same place on the evening of Tuesday, the 14th of February next :— '1. That the designation of the United Churc sha'l be 'The Presbyterian Church of Sout Australia.' '2. That the Word of Goo, as contained in the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments, is held by this Church as the supreme and only authorita tive rule of faith and practice. '3. That the Westminster Confession of Faith, the Larger and Shorter Catechisms, are the subor dinate standards of this Church ; but that in adopt ing these standards this Church is not to be held as countenancing persecuting or intolerant piin ciples, or any denial or invasion of the right of private judgment. . 'Note.— That the form of Presbyterian Church Government, the Directory for Public Worship, and the Second Book of Discipline are regarded by this Church as containing excellent suggestions on the points discussetl. and hence as worthy of the careful consideration of ministers and office ' 4. That by Christ's appointment the Church is spiritually independent, and is not subordinate in its own province and in the administration of its own affairs to the jurisdiction or authoritative interference of the civil power. . ' 3. That this Church assertsfor itself a separate and independent position in relation to other Churches; and that its highest Court shall possess supreme and final jurisdiction over its inferior judicatorics. onice-bearers, and members; and that it shall receive ministers and probationers from other Presbyterian Churches applying for admis sion, on their atlbrdinK satisfactory evMe-ce of their qualifications and eligibility, and subscribing the formula in accordance with these articles. 'Note.— The ba.M3 of union will, so soon as agreed upon, be laid before the various sessions and conjrresations for their consideration and approval.' : The Beatrice.— It is understood that Lieutenant Howard succeeds Commander Hutchison as officer in charge of ihe Beatrice, the vacant lieutenancy to be filled by Mr. Guy, expected to arrive shortly from Melbourne. The Beatrice will be dispatched to Adam Bay as soon as possible after she is officered. South Australian Jams for England.— We understand that Mr. McEwin purposes sending some jams to England during the present year. The import duty imposed on this article of manu- facture by the new Victorian tariff will probably interfere with the exportation thither, and it will therefore be very advantageous if a profitable market can be opened up for it in the mother- country. Death from Browninc— Intelligence was re «ivc4 by telegram from Swan Hill on Tuesday svening that Mr. neirnann Henning had been Irowneilat Wentwortb. The deceased was a son A Mr. Henning, upholsterer, Morphett-street, and u-as a very tall fine young man, about 20 years of Accident to Mr. Uren.— We regret to state that young Mr. Uren, who broke a blood-vessel in his left lung on Saturday last, is still in a very pre- carious sate. Volunteer Court of Enquiry.— We have received a letter from Drill-Instructor Burchctt, expressing surprise at the finding of the Court, of which he has had no intimation, and which he declares is against the evidence taken. . . Willusua Local CoonT.— In reference to the case Shaw v. Roach and Jacobs, for disorderly and riotous conduct, we have been requested by Mr. Toil to state that the offence was not committed atlhis house. ADELAIDE LOCAL COURT.— At the Local Court on Wednesday, January 25, a large number of cases were disposed of. the most interesting of which was one between J. Howdl, bookseller and stationer, and E. Sawtell, watchmaker. After a patient hearing, His Honor gave judgment for the defendant. - Adelaide Police Cocbt.— On Wednesday, the female defendant in a case of assault andbittery was ordered to find two sureties in £10 for her good behaviour during the next two months. -A charge against four defendants of the same ses, as the occupants of a house of ill-fame, was fully proved, and a fine of £10 with costs inflicted ou each. BcRGLVRrEi— On Sunday night the office of Mr. Bagot, in Clark's-buildings, was entered, and on Tuesday night Mr. Schilling's office, in Gawler place, was also broken into In neither case has anything' been taken or displaced. . Nirht Alarm at SLvpunua.— We are requested to mention that on the night of the alarm not only the captain, as already stated, but also the second lieutenant of the Kapunda Kirles was prevented attending, being a number of miles away from home. Thb CAinDROME.— The Canidrome was well attended on.Wednesday evening, and the various performances passed off very eatisfactorily. District of Babossa.— The electors of Uarosta ? ssident in and near Lyndoch held a meeting I t the Hotel on the evening of the 24t5. Mr )uffield and Mr. J. Martin, as candidates, addressed the meeting and answered Questions, tlr. Williams justified his conduct as a member, jut did no: oiler himself as a candidate. Votes leclaring Messrs. Duffield and Martin fit and Hoper persons to represent the district were arried. Easx Torreks Election. — a meeting of sleetots favourable to the return of Mr. N. Blyth is called for Friday evening, the 27th. at the Bath Hotel, Norwood, to form a Committee to secure that gentleman's return to the House of Assembly. - District OP Sttjbt.-Out readers will see from an advertisement in our business columns that Messrs. li. B. Andrews and J. Peacock have given a favourable reply to the deputation who, on behalf of 15J requisitionists, solicited them a few diys ago to become candidates for re-election for the above-named district. Telegraphic Communication with Port Augusta.— An advertisement appears in another column inviting tenders for telegraphic poles for the line of telegraph to Port Augusta. Ordination Services at 11HRISTCHUBCH.-At the ordination services held by His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide, at Christchurch, North Ade laide, on Wednesday evening, January 25, the following members of the clergy were present:— The Lord Bishop, the Dean, Canons Farr, Coombs, and RusselL and the Kevs. B. T. Craig (Missionary Chaplain), J. Pollitt, G. Dove, T. K. Neville. R. Eeid, and D. J. H. Ibbetson. Two candidates were presented for admittance to the holy order of the diaconate and three for the holy order of priest hood. The earlier portion of the services was com menced at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, when the irayers were real by the Pvev. Canon Coomb3, the essons by the Very Rev. the Dean and the Rev. i. T. Craig, the epistle by the Rev. Canon Russell, ind the communion service b/ the Lord Bishop, issisted by the Dean. In the evening the services were resumed at half-past 7 p.m. The Rev. Canon Coombs acted as deputy for the Venerable the Archdeacon, and pre sented the candidates. The 'Lord Bishop ably preached fram Jude, 20th and 21st verses-' But ye, beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, prayiug in the Holy Ghost, keep your selves in the love of God, looking for the mercy ef our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life.' The ordination services were then commenced, and the usual solemn questions were put to the candidates and answered. The deacons Messrs. W. H. Mudie and E. T. Howell, B.A.— were ordained by the laying on of hands by the Lord Bishop ; and the priests in a similar manner, by His Lordship, assisted by the Dean, Canons Farr, Russell, and Coombs. There was in the evening a very large attendance of the congrega tion, whose marked attention and silence during the services manifested the deep interest taken in the solemn proceedings. The Wesletan Methodist Magazine for South Australia.— We have received the Ja nuary number of this periodical, which contain?, amongst other things, the Jubilee sermon preached by the Rev. John Watsford in the Pirie-strect Chapel in August last. The magazine is very well got up, and contains a large amount of religious intelligence interesting to the Wesleyan body. Adamson'sReaping .vnd Winnowing Machine —A correspondent says:— 'The trial of Adamson's ''?u- itaywij aim winnowing macnine iook piace. m Mr. Nottle's farm, Gawler River, on Saturday, January 7. The machine took the wheat off clean, rinnowed it at the same time, and left it as free roni chaff and straw as wheat that had passed hrough a ^innowinz-niachine for the first time in he usual way, thereby saving the labour of two nen and a boy. Although the ground was ex remely cloddy, the crop unfavourable, the belts of he machine tight, and the cogs of the wheels ?ough, yet three horses managed to draw it easily, :uttins and cleaning the wheat as it went. I con sider that the machine fully answers the end for nrhich it is intended, and that it will be a great saving of labour. The oats and drake fall into the jox with the wheat, consequently only the chaff md straw weie blown out of it. I have been in formed that several of the same kind of machines ire working in the neighbourhood of Kapunda.' Breker Mine.— The following is an abstract of Captain Prisk's report on the Bremer Mine to the 24th January:— 'The prospects of the mine are much improved since my last report. The lode at the CJ level is from five to six feet wide, com posed of rich yellow ore with very little mundic, less than we have seen anywhere under the 33 fathom level, and the ore is of a much better quality than any broken under that level; so that we m; y fully expect from this change that we have got uuder the low class ores, and that for the future we will be getting ore of a higher class. The lode at present will yield from five to six tons of ore to the fathom driving. We have driven about three fathoms on the lode, and in so doing we have cut down the water from the level above, which indi cates a large and productive lode-n feature we hare never before met with so near the shaft. As soon as the shaft is cased anil diviilpil nnrl « Tnnrpr lift lxed, we shall commence to drive north and south in the course of the lode, which will increase our returns considerably. The lode at the 53 level south continues very good, but harder than it has been for the last 10 fathoms. No. 3 winze from the 43 to 53 is holed in a good course of ore all through. The Etopes continue as good as ever. We shall commence this month to sink winzes From the &3 to G3. The lode in Jenkins's Shaft in the eastern lode continues to increase in value, but very hard for sinking. We are down about tive/athonis under the S3 level ; the shoot of ore is very short, and we are stoping as we go down. Ore raised and dressed during the month, 300 tons; tha smelting has been hindered from a short supply i wood. This month we expect the furnaces to lie at work again. Tali3kkr Mining Company.— A special general meeting of the Talisker Mining Company was held «t the Terminus Hotel on Wednesday, January 25. 'he uumber of shareholders required to form a quorum having, after some ilehy, arrived, Mr. J. M. Tapley was voted to the chair. He explained that the object of the meeting tt&s; to consider the propriety of confirming the resolutions passed at a former meeting respecting the advisability of in creasing the capital of the Company from 42 to £10 on each share, i-c, and of laying out the funds so provided in developing the mine. Letters were read, apologizing for absence, from Messrs. J. M. Solomon, 1C E. Tapley, and others, the former gen tlemen consenting to continue to act in the capacity of Trustees. Mr. J. S. Sanders then moved the con firmation of the resolutions. After some discus sion regarding the purposes for which the increased capital was required the motiou was carried with out a dissentient. Regarding the inspection of the mine, which subject was brought forward by Mr. Sander?, who stated that Captain East would be uaable te accompany the Directors on their Intended visit, it was generally thought that the appointment of a properly-qualified person to make a monthly inspection of all the mines in the colony would be advantageous to the Companies concerned, and a shareholder present stated that one Company that he knew of weie now entertaining a proposal t« appoint' an Inspector of Mines. Several letters werereidiror-i Captain Price and remarks made upon them. The following motion was then agreed to:— 'That the Chairman of the meeting, nn behalf of the shareholders, be required to .sizn lie minutes oi me proceedings. 11113 concluded ;he business of the meeting. It is understood 'hat the necessary funds (ij,300) will l-e available in about a fortnight's tune, when the extensive improvements- contemplated will be at once com menced. Wednesday Evening's Concert. — The at tendance at the concert given on Wednesday sveninR at the Assembly Room was not large. Probably many were prevented attending nn ac :ount of their being encaged in their correspon dence by the outgoing English mail. We observe, too, that the audience consisted of a considerable number of those whom we have seen iu attendance several times before. All have not equally culti vated taste?, or at least cultivated ears, so us to be able to inlly appreciate the 'mystic charms' of music But those who have are attracted by it with a force which to others may seem quite out of place— ' Let but the tuneful talisman souu J. And they come— like Genii— hovering round.' The entertainment on Wednesday evening opened with 'The Chough and Crow' by the company, after which Miss Chalker sang very pleasingly 'The memory of thee.'* This again was followed by 'The Desert.' a descriptive sons which Mr. Farquharson gave with thrilling pathos, and which was enthusiastically encored. Later in the evening Mr. Farquhareon sang BusselFs 'Gamblers Wife' and one or two other songs with astonishing effect, and was in every instance loudly, almost vociferously applauded. Madame Uarandini's singing wasaa enchanting as ever. The audience listen, and seem almost spell-bound. 'For hers is the music that rises and floats; Then fades in its murmuring, dying notes. As soft as the snow on the silvery sea, And it mt-lis on the heart as instantly : And the passionate strain that wildly flowing. Refines the bosom it trembles through— As the musk-wind over the water blowing, \- Ruffles the wave, yet sweetens it too.' Mr. Sberwin fully sustained his reputation, and iu 'The Death ef Nelson' we think he particularly excelled. His rendering of this fine old song reminded us of Laglaise in the Marseilles Hymn/ There were several selections from the operas given during the eveniup, the most successful of Ayhich was a duet from the second act of Lucia di Lammemioor, 'Soffriva uel Pianto,'- sung by Madame Carandini and Mr. i'arquh arson with accuracy, excellent taste, and spirit. The enter tainment was o^r at about a quarter to 11 o'clock. Thi3 evening the programme will be again changed. Public Works.— The following tenders have been received at the office of the Engineer and Architect :— Painting, ice, at the Parliament Houses, F. Hagedorn, £235 (accepted) ; Carter and Draysey, £248: Robert D1.dgs.1n. £250: H. L. Vox £300. Building ammunition magazine on the North Park Lands, ? William Pink, £*»?! (withdrawn): William Lines, £125 (accept d); Thomas Hal!. £430: William Hall & May. je6o»; Enoch Sichd!, i'524 15?. ; Crocker i: Law-on, JtfiO. 