VIOLENT DEATH OF HENRY KINDER. CHARGE OF MURDER. IT will be in the recollection of our readers that about the beginning of October we copied into this journal a paragraph relating to the mysterious death of Mr. Henry Kinder, princi- pal teller of the City Bank, Sydney. The coroner's jury who sat on the case brought in a verdict that he died of a wound inflicted by himself in a fit of temporary insanity. Infor- mation was, however, subsequently given to the detective police force which led to the apprehension of Henry Louis Bertrand, 25, dentist, and Mrs. Kinder, 30, (the principal witnesses heard at the coroner inquest), , and Mrs. Bertrand (21) on a charge of murder. The hearing of the case took place at the Water Police Court, and commenced on Monday, 4th December, and was not completed on the fol- lowing Thursday, the date of our last papers from Sydney. The evidence furnishes one of the most strangely horrible stories of crime that has ever been related, and would be in- credible but from the apparent consis- tency of the separate testimony— each witness making, clear and supporting the evidence of the others. We have not space in this issue to give all the evidence, which occupies fifteen columns of the S. M. Herald. We select therefrom the evidence given in the examina- tion in chief of Mrs. Kerr, Bertrand's sister, which was not shaken by subsequent cross- examination . Harriet Kerr deposed : I am a married woman, and sister to Bertrand, the prisoner; I arrived from Melbourne about six weeks ago, and went to live at his house in Wynyard square ; shortly after I arrived he spoke of Mrs. Kinder; and said he wished to make her his wife— that he wished to divorce from his present wife ; he said he was very much in love with this person ; I said I was very much surprised, as in his letters to me he said he was living, happily with his wife; I argued with himm, and said that after being married for three years he should think of better things ; I had only one conversation with him on the subject of the divorce ; about a week afterwards, or five ,or six days, early in the morning, just before breakfast and before leaving my bed- room; Bertrand came into my room whilst I was washing the baby; he said, “Stay a minute, I have something to say to you;” he told me to sit down on the side of the bed, and asked me if I had read of the death of Kinder; I said I had ; he paused a little and then said, Kinder did not shoot himsel — he said “I shot him.”- I replied, “You must be mad to say such a thing'' he said, “No, I am not mad— I tell you I did shoot him;” I said, “ But how cruel of you to do so,” and I put my hands to my face; he pulled them down again; I was crying, and he said, “Don't cry, I don't regret what I have, done;” he said Kinder was in his way; he said he would do the same thing to any man who stood in his way; he warned me not to tell his wife what be told me; I remember nothing else that occurred at that time; he said he was jealous of Kinder, and that he loved Mrs. Kinder very dearly ;when he said he shot him, he said he put the pistol in his hand and a pipe in his mouth, and that afterwards he threw the pistol that he shot him with into the harbour; he did not say to me that he put a card into Kinder's hand before he shot him; I was told so, but not by Mr. Bertrand ; when I remon- strated with him, he said, “ you need not be so hard upon me— Kinder was going to shoot me, and had bought a gun to do so ;” he did not say from whom he heard that; he said that it was well planned, and if it ever came before the public they would not believe it ; he said, “we planned it;” he said that more than himself planned it ; we did not mention Mrs. Kinder’s name in that conversation; about three week's after I had another conversation with him in the dining room ; his wife was present, but she was asleep on the sofa; she used to sleep a great deal; I thought it was not natural sometimes; it was more like stupor; he then entered into conversation about the divorce from his wife; he used to beat his wife most brutally ; this I observed whilst staying in the house ; speaking of the divorce, I told him how wrong his conduct was; his treatment of his wife was everything that was bad, wicked, and cruel ; he attempted her life two or three times whilst I was in the house; he said I must marry Mrs. Kinder ; he said I don't want to kill Jane,” meaning his his wife,, but if 1 cannot get a divorce I shall get up an adultery case with some respectable married woman, and then Jane can sue me for a divorce?” I asked him why he did not give up his thought of marrying that woman; he said he could not give her up ; I said “she must be a bad woman, to be cognisant of the death of her husband ; she could not make you a, good wife ;” I said she must be a bad woman ; he answered “ Yesf, I know she is a bad woman;? he said that was why I must marry her — because she was a wicked woman ; he said he would make a second. Lucretia of her; he then paused, and, leaning over me, whispered, “Kinder did not die by the shot, we poisoned him ; he said she (pointing to his wife on the sofa) gave him the poison; he said the poison would never be discovered, and that he had enough poison in the house to kill half the people in Sydney ; he said it was very likely that before I went to Brisbane I should see his wife's funeral; several times he has spoken about Kinder, about seeing his ghost, and when he saw the color of liquors on the table, referred to it as blood ; at one time he said he loved Mrs. Kinder dearly, and at other times said she knew every wicked deed that could be committed, and that she was a devil's imp; he also said she was a clever woman; one night he attempted to murder his wife, about a month ago ; I was in the house at the time; he had been out, and came home at about 1 o'clock in the morning; he would never allow Mrs. Bertrand a will of her own in the house; she was very frightened of him; speaking on some subject — I cannot remember what Bertrand and his wife were talking, and she dared to argue with him, when he got up in a very excited state and said her time had come—she must die ; he took up a stick ; on the end, called a life-preserver, and said he wanted to measure the exact spot whether brain was, so that he could kill her with one blow; she said “Don' t kill me ; you promised me on your word of honor that you would not kill me;” he then raised the stick to strike, and I nterfered, pleaded that for his mother's, for the children's sake, for all their sakes, he would forbear; he told me not to look at him or speak to him, and said “Go out of the room or I will brain you;” I went out of the room with fear and trembling, my tongue cleaving to the roof of my mouth ; I tried to call out, but could not; I thought he would have murdered her; after I left the room he shut the door ; I managed to crawl to the top of the kitchen stairs, I was so faint I could not walk then ; I called for Bridget, the servant, and when she came up, I said, Bridget, there is something dreadful happening in the parlor; whilst I was speaking to her the handle of the door was turned, and I got up to the first land- ing of the stairs ; whilst sitting there I heard them saying something; my brother said, “Now, Jane, I want you to go into the surgery,” and she asked what for; he said, “I want you to write on this piece of paper that you are tired of your life and that you poisoned yourself by your own hand ;” she said, “No, I shall not write it;”he said, “I will make you;” she said, “You may pour the poison down my throat, but I will not write anything ; before the conversation began my brother had poured me out a little weak brandy and water, and whilst I was on the stairs I heard him say to Jane “Drink that,” meaning the brandy and water that he had poured out for me ; he said drink it up; she drank it; Mrs. Bertrand then came out, and we retired to our room for the night; Mrs. Bertrand and I slept together; she slept with me the whole time I was there except one night; there was then a stranger, a lady visitor, in the house; Mrs. Bertrand, when she got into the room, sat down on a chair quite exhausted, and to my astonishment fell fast asleep ; I thought it was strange she should fall asleep so soon after so exciting a scene ; it was about ten minutes alter drinking the brandy and water; on two other occasions he at- tempted her life ; after the first conversation with my brother relative to the death of Kin- der, Mrs. Bertrand asked me why I was looking so pale — what was the matter with me ; I said I had heard told something by Henry that I could hardly believe to be true ; she said, what did he say to you? I said he told me that he shot Mr. Kinder; I asked her, Is that true? she said Yes; this was in the dining room ; on the afternoon of the same day that my brother told me he had shot Kinder, she said, You know Henry and Mrs. Kinder and I are con- stantly visiting at the North Shore, and that on one particular morning Henry said, “You must go over to the North Shore she said Henry had often threatened to kill Mr. Kinder; in reference to shooting him, she one day, in the parlour, warned Mrs. Kinder about this, that Bertrand was going, or had threatened, to kill him; Mrs. Kinder said, “Tell him your- self ;” Mrs. Bertrand said, “No — if it was my husband that was to be shot I should tell him myself, and think I had a right to do it ; the reply was something to that effect she said that Henry was in love with Mrs. Kinder, and that she {Mrs. Bertrand) and her husband were to be divorced in consequence of this ; she said they were not living a comfortable life together, and were quite reconciled to the fact of a divorce, she being tired of the ill-treatment she had been receiving; she then told me that on one particular morning Bertrand told her she was to go over to the North Shore and take the baby and Sophy (the nurse girl) ; she did not wish to go that morning, because it was raining, and the baby would get wet ; he said she must go, and they did go ; she said she noticed that when Bertrand came to the house (Sander's) he seemed more serious than he had been for some time, and seemed kinder to Mr. Kinder ; Mr. Bertrand was walking up and down the room very fast ; and she noticed that he kept his gloves on and one hand in his pocket ; she said, I think, shortly after, Ber- trand and Kinder, were speaking of New Zea- land, and reading letters from New Zealand ; she further said that Mrs. Kidner and herself were standing at the window looking out when they heard the report of a pistol, and on turning round she saw Mr. Kinder sitting in a chair and a pistol drop from his hand, and saw Bertrand' place a pipe 'in Kinder's mouth, taking the pipe from the table ; Mrs, Kinder ran out of the room ; Bertrand followed her with a loaded pistol, put it to her head, and said if she did not go into the room he would blow her brains out; Mrs. Kinder came into the room ; ''Bertrand then took hold of Mrs. Bertrand's arm and made her face Mr. Kinder ; she told me the blood was still running from the wound, and that Bertrand's fingers nearly met in the flesh, and he pinched her arm so hard that the marks were left for three weeks - afterwards ; he said, “Now look at him — look at him well” — making her look. I wish you always to see him before you ; she said that after Kinder was shot they made her (Mrs. Bertrand) nurse and attend upon him ; she said she was doing all she could for the sick man to remedy the evil her husband had done; Mrs. Kinder ahd Bertrand during the whole time were acting in an improper manner, such as walking up and down the verandah with their arms round each other's waists; some time after the shot was fired she was looking round the room and said she saw something lying against the wainscoat, and found it to be a bullet flattened; she said, “Mr. Bertrand ran to me and took it from me, and put it in his waistcoat pocket, saying, 'This is just what I wanted'' she said she had been attending on Mr. Kinder two or three days, when he was improving ; she said that Mr. Bertrand had decided that he could not let Kinder live — that he must be poisoned ; she said Kinder seemed better, not so delirious, and more sensible ; that Mrs. Kinder went up to him and said, “ Why were you so cruel as to shoot yourself?” he said, “I did not shoot myself;” she said subsequently that Mr. Bertrand afterwards forced her to mix the poison, and that Mrs. Kinder gave it to him ; that was all she said to me that I recollect ; I said I must leave the house after what she had told me ; she begged of me not to do so, and said if I left the house she would be murdered, as he would think she had advised me to go and tell of these things, and so I remained ; I should have left on other occasions, but my brother would not allow me to go; he said he would not be such a fool; when I first came there I noticed some strange marks on Mrs. Bertrand's back whilst she was dressing; they had the appearance of bums or Braids. And sneaking of them she said, did you see these marks? I said yes. She said, “Well, he thrashed me with her (Mrs. Kinder's) whip, and took pieces of fiesh out,' and she said this was because sbe had said something about letting the murder out. On her back and shoulders there were marks as if the flesh had been torn off, and she also had a black eye ; she told me afterwards, in Mrs. Kinder's presence, that he had stabbed her (Mrs. Bertrand) with a penknife, which penetrated to the depth of the blade ; and she showed me a pair of stays that were saturated with blood ; since she made the confession about the ill treatment, she said that Bertrand had told her to be very kind to Mr. Bellhouse, and to allow him to kiss her, if necessary ; this he told her at night, after Bellhouse had left ; I wished her very much to go to some - trate and confess what she had told me; I said, “If you do not, you will bear the blame, and very likely this woman who deserved it would get clear, whilst you might be hanged ;” she said, “No, I would never be hung, I would poison myself she refused to go to the magistrate; two or three times I have said I would go, and would bring the police to the house ; she would not allow me to go, and said that if I told it to any one, they would think me mad ; indeed, I believe that Bertrand had told Defries that I was mad ; I told it to Defries, and after that went to Captain M'Lerie about the case ; she also said that Bertrand had forced-her (Mrs. Bertrand) to sleep in the same room with Mrs. Kinder and himself ; he took Mrs. Kinder into Mrs. Bertrand's bed, and lay down with them both ; she said that Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder had been frequently alone in bed. 