ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES. Ac. " Give me leave To upeti oy miiict,"—Shaksfea re. latt Saturday night was a special one in theatrical annals. The re-opcning of the Princess's Theatre is an event of more than PMrihg significance, and is therefore to be chronicled with special note. It is of all at tempts hitherto made in Melbourne to obtain a genuinely elegant theatre, the most cuecess fid, I wonder exceedingly Mr. King did not | pull down the unsightly sheD, and commence «fe now, for of many ugly buildings the Princess*, externally is the ugliest • but, perhaps, it was desired to show how'an ele gant interior may be rendered compatible with an unsightly outside. It is quite a serious thing to think how much money must have «»en expended in all the radical alterations ttet hare been made, not to speak of the gilding, painting, and upholstery. For once I sat on a really oomfortable seat— j neither too high, too angular, too narrow, nor too hard. It was a luxurious arm-chair, sug gestive of perfect ease, with space in front sufficient to stretch one's legs without risk of treading on somebody's toes or spoiling some body's attire. Being satisfactorily seated, I was in a proper frame of mind for admiring the decorations, the lights, and the generai ( arrangements for preserving an adequate amount of mental tranquillity, so necessary to a proper enjoyment of what is going on on the stage. I hare no desire to describe in detail all the changes that hare been accomplished in this establishment; but, briefly, the imprcs fiion upon my mind on entering wa$, that i Borne fairy kind of transformation had been effected; thatdinginess and shabbinees hadgonc below somewhere to the centre of the earth, and that the sky, the stars, a piece of the sun, and many colours out of a beautiful garden, j had been made to take the place of the shabbi I Dessaud squalor. And there seemed to hare teen at work a hand guided by the most ex cellent taste. For it is not alone that gold and colours have been profusely employed and blended, but that they hare been distri , buted with euch nice care and judgment that, though they charm the eye, ther do not dis agreeably dazzle it. There is nothing mere tricious, except on the stage, and there you oome to the conventional gaudiness; but perhaps a different hand has been at work there. The bouse was full, and the occupants of I the dress-circle were ;\z brilliant as the dress circle itself. They were, in fact, in exact har | mony; and tho atmosphere seemed laden with I soft light and balmy odours—speaking after the manner of sentimental persons. As a Matter of course, everybody was in good humour, which, indeed, was fortunate, for I Sheridan KnpwWs play of the "Love Chase," the opening pis^ wont exceedingly flatly, principally, perhaps, because it was voir difficult to hew what was said—I know not | whether from defeotire acoustic qualities, or from the indistinct utterance of the actors, or from a prevailing burn in the audienoa; eer- j tain, however, it U that I heard but little of What waa uttered. It may be that tho actors have not yet acquired what it ie customary to call " the pitch of the house." If so, it will be well both for them and the audisnoe Itey peaerea thepselvee of this advantage with all convenient speed. It was not, however, till the burlesque commenced that the audience began to show aigna of enjoying itself. Of oeusue these were the usual manifestations of gratification on (he entry of toe several actors and actresses who possess public favour, the dggrees.-cf which were indicated by toe comparative volume of applause displayed. To Mrs. Phillips was undoubtedly exhibited the largest measure of this welcome, »»ii that ttib was fully deserved I apprehend nobody will gainsay. Miss Gougenheua was also warmly received, and I may here say that she tbeae quallUet, thoBgh&ey; iraggeetmuA olerenee^hriooe not sepai* of fiseling. ISMf «w txoeedinglyhtilfiti, but they are entirely artificial, £Ch Anna Xada Qnten bring** withherahoit'of aarom'aHonr.ShetiocHnot help;being a iavuuiitc ot the publia, hiwawe ■ ahe in * favourite half a aooreofyaateago, when die war e tiigr prodigy. Bbepoateaaaa tin - materiaJabfacapaMe adroit, bat thehaa inquired tome manneriama which epoil bar hatumlneM,. but et whichehe mey readily divert heteelC, •She ought not, hoinnr, to n^peu he beo^ leeque. . She ounot. do *o, aave at a dini- . vantage. Miu Tilly Earle wee leoeired with epeoial zn&rki; of i^mjatioB, .and'.dm da* served it every bit. I Jwe so Wdion ii 1 foretelling that die will be the reigning fh* vourite at thie theatre. Aa e burioeque aotrese, die will unquestionably take the lead. «*—' Emily Wiseman ia hot entirely new to the Melbourne stage, but when list I saw her she alio tree an infant prodigy, and die may be aaid, therefore, to have made her AJyjtf tr. "-hi. city ' on Saturday night. She has mmy qoalitiea which wiQ help her to success. f W. B. Gill is the low comedian of the com pany. Hie wee at this theatre a couple of yean ago, in the days of its decadence, and his opportunities then were not abundant. But he has the true ring of a humorist about him. Mr. Hall is. the leading man for the burlesque business, and there ia no doubt of his keeping his position. He made something more than a fait in the part of Azuoena. He was outrageously funny, but ncrerthclesa legitimately funny—for burlesque. Of this burlesque of " The Hi-treated Tro vatorc," it is much in the manner of Mr. Byron's other atrocities. The subject, how ever, is more justifiable, and one can laugh with less remorse at its extravagances. It abounds with villanous puns, broad situation^ and break-downs. But Mr. Byron appears to have had conceded to liim the right to - violent incursions into the English drama, and, judging by the number of burlesques he has written, it is to be supposed that he has found his account in producing them. I suppose ha is to be regarded, therefore, as a successful xuan. Having given to the world a number of burlesques which it is customary to call clever; having tortured the En^liali language to a degree sufficient to bring to earth in an exceeding passion the ghosts of Dr. Johnson and Mr. Bindley Murray: and having for some - years fenced motley upon the whole nine Muses, he has at last token to writing what by courtesy is to be described as a legitimate piny in three acts. Coming from the hand of so illustrious a dramatic author, it was necessarily successful at the Prince of' Wales Theatre in London five months ago, and having been successful in London, it must, according to the managerial creed, be success ful here at the Haymarket. If I were to eay that the characters are of the most con ventional type, that the plot has not even a truce sf uiicuwlity -about it. ami thai tin dialogue, though, as might be expected, smart and pointed, is unquestionably ** flashy," I should no doubt be accused of ill-nature. Nevertheless, if I were desired to give my private opinion of this play, I should say that it is another example is proof of the exceed ing ease with which the public may be satisfied in these uncritical times. Not that Victorian theatre-goers are not both critical and exacting in the matter of new plays, but it is so much the rule to accept the verdict of European critieB without questioning their correctness, that it is no wonder " War to the Knife" is, in its way, popular at the Haymarket just now. It is, however, one of "those ephemeral things which are not likely to survive the first period of their pro duction, and which, if wanted for literary reference in half a dozen years, will be hardly likely to be found. Doubtless, Mr. Byron knows this well enough, but bring aware that ephemeral plays are frequently the most pro fitable, as witness the "Colleen Bawn" and " Arrah-na-Poguc," he goes to work philoso phically, and prefers immediate advantages to permanent fame. There are, it is true, many - stages in the development of dramatic author ship, and it is possible that Mr. Byron may become illustrious as well as clever: but up to this present, there has not been any sign of such a possibility, and " War to toe Knife" will have to be succeeded by plays of a very different calibre if Mr. Byron's ambition point in the direction of posterity. For all this, his oomedy is agreeable enough in its way, and, as com pared with some of those fossil dramas that have sometimes been dug up by Mr. Hoskins, it has a considerable advantage. And talk ing of Mr. Hoskins, I wonder, as also do a great many other people, why so excellent a comedian appears so sparingly on the stage. As a rule, no doubt it is undesirable lor a manager to be his own star, but Mr. Hoskins is such an undonbted favourite, ho has so many friends, and his reappearance is alwuys hailed with such gcuuine satisfaction, that one would thiuk his interests were con cerned in making the most of the at traction he himself can always present. Ferliaps it is a good thing there should be at least one modest gentleman among the theatrical managers in this city, and, to say the truth, there is enough of an opposite quality in one instance to serve for a hundred managers. It is a source of nwrct to all theatre goers to know that Mr. Hoskins does not enjoy perfectly good health, and I should bo the lust to wish that his professional duties should be pursued to the possible increase of his pcivonal sufferings, but I am afraid there is a good deal of involuntary selfishness among all of us. We are too apt to forget that the pleasure an actor is able to communi cate is often afforded' only as the re sult of much mental and bodily labour, and that the character which seams so easy of im personation oft«a costs a painful effort to work out. The life of an actor is a hard end a laborious one, and there ia no greater miscon ception in toe publie mind than the opinion too frequently expressed that actors lead an easy, indolent existence. Of my own know ledge, 1 am aware that the truth lies in a. direction precisely tho opposite of this; and, indeed, the rule applies not to actors only, but to public performers of mast kinds. What stupendous labour and inoesaant application, for example, must have preceded toe acquire ment of that wonderful sldll and extraordinary dexterity possessed by the Lenton Troupe. I have already said that I do not greatly admire daugetuua acrobttism, but I am none toe leas sensible ef too difficulties ooaneetod with too acquirement of the art. So, too, in the qeeo of too two young gentlemen where perfoam ancee on tlis violin Bad ■the pianoforte have this weak supplemented the already varied attractions at the Hayumfirst t, though, in describing Master Curtis as Paganini, and. Master Towers as Thalberg, too hill, only provoke commtuta which neither of thaw very modest sad talented boys deserves. And. toe colonial actor is for. worse off in respect of hard work than the London actor, who may he fortunate enough to be cast in a piece, that runs a couple of hundred nights—a kind, of aueceas not to bedreemtof for toe next century least in Melbourse, though at too Royal just now there is a aort of approach.in.. Ou lhureTw mght Mrs. Heir took hre oenefl} at Hie TXaSStfo Royal, She deserved, to have a crowded bouse, but tois was scarcely to be expected on toe want night of toe week.] Ota Wednesday night the Orpheus Union ' gave bna ef their azueedingjr gfaw"* <*» cext&whichilis; quite suparaueas to say *tat *ft et&rt; t ugc*u» jAQtfES, 