FEMALE BUSHRANGERS. The Goulburn Herald of the 22nd ult. reports the hearing of the charge against the three women accused of aiding Gilbert, Hull and Dunn, the bushrangers to burn the premises of a storekeeper named Morriss, on the 24th December last. Two of the prisoners were committed for trial, the other was discharged. The evidence of the prosecutor affords an extraordinary picture of life over the border. Edward Morriss stated : I have at present no occupation. I was a storekeeper at Binda on the 26th December last. The store was built of slabs, and had a bark roof. I know tho three prisoners well before this for the last eight or nine years. I was formerly in the police stationed at the Binda, in the neighborhood of which place the prisoners reside. One of the prisoners was servant to me for nearly a year, Ellen Monks. There was a ball at Binda, at Hall's public house, on the 26th December. I was taken there. I had not been to the house for some weeks before. About eight o'clock on the evening of the 26th, I was walking in my paddock after tea, and observed five people riding down the hill towards my place. Three did not come to my place. I saw that two were females. The three who were mates branched off towards my fence, and I lost sight of them for a time. Two females rode up towards the house. They were riding two bay horses. I observed them go into my house, and I still remained walking about the paddock. My wife was alone in the house. I was some twenty or thirty yards off. I went in and found Ellen Monks and Christina M'Kinnon. They were purchasing crinolines from my wife. We were laughing about crinolines when a tap came to tho door. I west to it, and six revolvers were pointed at me by three young men. There was a light in tho house. Each of the men said, 'Bail up.' The girls heard what was said. I said ' All right,' and the three came in. Hall at once said, after putting his on one side, ' How do you do. Miss M'Kinnon? How do you do, Miss Monks?' I said to Hall, ' I suppose you are Ben Hall?' and he replied, " I am that gentleman." I knew Gilbert before. They asked me how much money I had in the house, and Hall then went and searched the house. They took nothing away except money, and I cannot tell whether that was taken then or subsequently. They said I and my wife must go with, them to the ball. I remonstrated, and Hall said it should be at his expense. Hall said, "Let your wife put on a clean dress." Hall told mo to lock up the place, and I did so. We then went down to the ball. Tho bushrangers marched the four of us — tho two girls, my wife, and me — to the next door, Hatfield's. Hall asked me who lived there, and I informed him. He then told me to bring him out, and I did so. The whole five of us were then marched to Hall's public- house. When we got there we found a houseful. The bushrangers drove us into the house, and bailed up every one. I then saw Hall searching a good deal about the house. He then said, "Gentlemen and ladies, I won't hurt anyone here. Fiddler, proceed." The doors were all locked, and the keys put in the bushranger's pockets. All went right for some hours. The third prisoner, Margaret Monks, was in the room. Hall told me that he would not have brought me if he had not heard it was dangerous to leave me outside. About two o'clock in the morning I proposed to one or two to rush tho bushrangers, as I observed they were drinking. About three o'clock, in consequence of my proposal, Hall and Gilbert came towards me, and said, "Stand, I'll shoot you." During the evening two of the girls, M'Kinnon and Ellen Monks, were very intimate with the bushrangers. I saw Hall with his arm round Christina M'Kinnon, and pulling her about. I saw Gilbert doing the same with Ellen Monks. They wore kissing each other. At Hatfield's door, I heard Hall say, speaking of Ellen Monks and Christina M'Kinnon, "I have had the pleasure of escorting these young ladies to the ball." When the bushrangers threatened to shoot me I got out of the window, and although they fired several shots, I escaped. I tried to get the bushrangers' horses, but could not manage it. I then went and lay down in the scrub, about half way between the public house and my store. Presently I saw the three bushrangers advancing to wards my house, accompanied by the three prisoners. This was about five minutes after my escape. The three bushrangers were sitting on their horses. They were eight or nine yards from where I was lying when they passed. The girls were walking close to the bushrangers. I heard Hall say — and the girls could hear it — "I'll make the place pay for it. I'll burn his house to the ground." One of the girls, Christina M'Kinnon, made answer — "Do it, Ben ; it serves the — right." Ellen Monks, at the same time, said — ' Do it, Ben ; it serves him right.' The other girl, Margaret Monks, said, at the same time, "Save poor Mrs Morriss's clothes.' Gilbert answered her and said, " — has got lots of money in tho bank, let him buy her more." The whole six then went to my house and broke into it. Meantime I gradually shifted closer to tho house, through the scrub, I was not more than a dozen yards away then. There were two very heavy logs there. By the time I got to tho logs the bushrangers had broken open the house, and five had got into tho house, Dunn remaining on his house outside. The girls had nothing in their, hands when they went up to the house with the bushrangers. Almost immediately I saw one or two candles lighted in the house. The window and door were open, and I could occasionally distinguish the girls and bushrangers. I heard laughing and breaking open of boxes, &c.; The girls were skylarking. I say the three girls coming out of the house just as the place was blazing up. Two of the girls had very large bundles. I could smell the kerosene burning at this time. The two girls with bundles were Christina M'Kinnon and Ellen Monks. They first came out with their saddles, which they had left there, having turned their horses out in my paddock, and they then went back and brought out the bundles. Peggy Monks came to young Dunn, who was sitting on horseback, and stopped with him. The other two bushrangers came out almost immediately after the girls. In consequence of the great light I began to get away lest I should be seen. The two girls with the bundles went along the fence' a' short distance, and they then went through it, and into the scrub. Hall and Gilbert followed them. They remained up in the scrub, away out of my sight, for a quarter of an hour, and then all four came back again to Dunn. They had no bundles with them. As Hall jumped on his horse he said, 'that will teach him not to interfere with us.' The remark was addressed to the other two bushrangers and the girls. No reply was made. All three bushrangers rode away towards the public house. Two of the girls then lifted up their saddles and their skirts, which had been left near the fence, and went the same road. I applied to Mr Oakes, a magistrate, for a warrant, and he told me he hadn't time. New Industry. — The utilisation of waste products has been a favorite study with scientific men for some years past, aud the results of that study haa been to affect a perfect revolution in old-established theories as to what was useful and useless ; and at the same time to introduce new industries and now modes of making rapid fortunes. Among other things, tho utilisation of the refuse from gas works has taken a prominent place ; and those materials within a few years ago were regarded as worse than useless, are now the means of making fortunes to a few, and providing work for many. It is tolerably well known that naphtha, benzole, ammonia and creosote are all procured in large quantities from tar. Tho tar can bo converted into pitch, and all the newest aud most brilliant dyes, such as mauve, azuline, ponceau and magenta are ob tained from the same materials. Until lately, the refuse from the colonial gas works has been allowed to romain ' waste.' This is partly attributable, no doubt, to the high price of labor, and partly that a more speedy return of interest on tho capital has been expected from other sources. Now, however, tho subject is receiving full attention at tho hands of two gentlemen, well known and long resident in Castlemaine. Mr Robertson, lato of the Standard Brewery, Campbell's Creek, has entered into ar rangements with the Melbourne Gas Company, by which he is possessor of all the tar they make. He has erected the necessary works and machinery close to the gas works, and is now making and selling, naphtha, pitch, &c.; It is a profitable undertaking yielding, it is understood, something like 200 per cent, on the outlay. In addition, Mr Home, who is well known as a chemist, and who has made the analytical portion of hi3 profession an especial study, proposes to extract the dyes from the am moniacal waste. At preseut, the latter scheme, wo understand, is in abeyance, but will be commenced as soon as suitable arrangements can be made. Everyone hero must wish success to these colonies, especially as they are 'originated and carried on by those who are known aud respected in the district. — Castlemaine Daihi News, March 4. An Intelligent Magpie. — A very interesting circumstance, in connection with one of our feathered tribe, was related to us on Wednesday last. A resi dent of this town was made a present of a fine young magpie early in the season, and under careful training and tuitioa it became seemingly attached to its homo, and very accomplished in speaking and whistling. It was so tamo that it was allowed to run about the place without any check, amusing itself by hunting up food in tho garden and whis tling, while so employed, with great spirit and brilliancy of execution, ' Merrily dance the quakor,' aud several minor airs. Ono day ' Cockoy' was mis sing, and a strict, search was accordingly iusituted, but without avail ; every likely aud unlikely place was rigidly scrutinised, and ' Cockey' was regarded as hopelossly stolen or strayed. On Wednesday, while the owner and tutor of the bird was engaged in tho garden, he heard a rustle of wings behind him, und turning, saw the veritable wanderer coolly walking up to him and examining him critically, with its head very much on one side. The master said the magic ' cock — ey,' and the bird replying with a bar from ' Merrily Dance,' the recognition was mutual, and tho prodigal taken into favor. Cockey has evidently had a very troublesome time of it, he is much thinner than when he took to flight ; and altogether ho possessos a vagabond and rakish appearance that formerly he was a stranger to. Cockey has thought belter of the ' crust of bread and liberty' business, ho evidently has a weakness for butcher's meat and kitchen snacks. — jlrarat Advertiser, March 3. An Inglewood Ghost.— Persons unacquainted with the physiology of ghosts assert that they are not to be found out of the old settled countries of Europe. However, they show a lamentable igno norauce of fact, as ghosts have been known to exist even so far away as tho Australian colonies. The neighborhood of Sydney was at one time honored by the presence of one, whoso chief delight was to sit upou a particular rail on a moonlight night; while South Australia and Tasmania each havo legends of ghostly visitations. We need not, how ever, go further away than the ' Robio Burns' Reef, close to our own doors, to find one, or rather to hear, for his ghostship, like many a feathered songster, only reveals his presence through tho medivim of sounds, and knockings havo been heard down below ; that strange thumpe have been given to tho doors of tents, and other noises like those produced by mining tools being thrown violently about have disturbed tho repose of the innocent occupiers. The ghost has, howover, never put in an appearance, but has hitherto eluded the efforts of those daring enough to doBire a personal interview with him, contenting himself by terrifying tlioiu and driving thorn off his territory. This ho hna succeeded, in one instance at least, in doing. Ho, howover; still continues bis noisy behavior, as suvoral parties can testify, Pos sibly there is aopae large treasure bolow which ho ia anxious to keep to hinisolf, or, as others havo solemnly asserted, boijio foul deed has boon com mitted, and the wpirit of tho victim cannot rost con tonted till it is brought to light. — hifjlciuood Adver tiser, Muroh 7, A iubk of wry sudden death occurred ut Bondigo, on Wednesday 8lh iriot. Wo Jearn from tho Ad vertiser, Hi/it ' Mr Abnl Nowbold, pliomist, Viow Point, \yns epiuud with « (it of apoplexy, anil although Dra, Jordan und JJptljnm wuro immedi ately in ntlendiinco, nml did everything that mo(J}oaj skill uijulij Biitfjffjut, Mr NinvbolJ never roepyorofj coiiBcioiiBiieBB, and died in tihout an hour nftor Mjo ih'Bt tutnuk, Po.eeimml nycs it yon»g man, pesivcujy (iyo ami twenty, and (mil only boon in )iuuiii»Hg jn SiiHiJJiHrst during Uj« Jiial three or four months. 