VICTORIA. By the City of Adelaide we have Melbourne papers to October 9th. We extract as follows from the Argos : The Government have obtained leave to appeal from the decision of the Supreme Court in the cases brought by Messrs. L. Stevenson and Sons and other mercantile firms, for the recovery of Customs' duties which have been collected without the sanction, of law. Mr. Justice Barry's order, granting leave, is in these terms:-"I do, under the special circumstances of the case, and by virtue of the Act 15th Victoria, No. 10. sec. 10, order that the respondent have leave to appeal from the judgment pronounced by this honourable Court in this action on the 14th day of September last, upon giving security for the costs of the appeal to the satisfaction of the prothonotary of this honourable Court; and it is further ordered that this appeal is in no degree to prejudice the obtaining satisfaction on the judgment on the issues of fact, if found for the petitioners." A company is now being formed with the view to establish steam communication between the eastern ports of Australia and Batavia, via Cape Yorke, Timor, Koopang, and Sourabaya. The projectors are Messrs. Van Hoboken and Sons, of Rotterdam, and Messrs. Reynst and ? of Batavia. The service contem- plated is monthly each way, by means of three iron paddle wheel steamers, each having carrying capacity to the extent of 700 or 800 tons, accommodation for passengers to the number of 100 or 150 (one-third being first-class), and being worked by engines of 400- horse power nominally. The passage from Batavia to Sydney, it is asserted, can be accomplished (allowing stoppages at three if not four places) in twenty-two days. The promoters seek to obtain a subsidy, ranging from £8400 to £15,000 per annum, for ten years, from tho Governments of Batavia, New South Wales, and Queensland. The following statement of facts relative to the clear- ing of the Murray appears in a report which has just been printed by order of the Legislative Assembly: " Between the 1st January and the 30th June, 1865, 1350 snags, averaging in length 43ft. 6in., and in girth 6ft 6in., have been removed from the bed of the river, and forty large trees thrown back on the banks, above Echuca, at a cost of £2938 15s., equivalent to £2 2s. 3½d. per tree. The work below Echuca for the same period-780 snags drawn out, and. 30 trees thrown back-was executed at a cost of £1042 13s. ld, which gives a sum of £1 3s. 2d. for each tree or snag so removed. It must, however, be further stated, that, in addition to the above, a large amount of drift wood and small timber has been re- moved, of which no record has been kept, except by one party, and in their case amounted to nearly 6000 cubic feet of timber. Some of the timber lifted was of a truly gigantic size, and the captain of one of the river steamers, when speaking of one particular tree, mentioned that, even if supplied by the Government with the necessary tackling, he would have hesitated to undertake its removal for the sum of £20.' A second rush to the Hokitika gold-fields has com- menced. Numbers of diggers, carrying their swags, may now be seen in Melbourne streets, and steamships and sailing vessels are leaving daily for the new region. The South Australian and the Gothenburg steamships, which have been placed in the Hokitika trade, took their departure from Hobson's Bay on Saturday. These two vessels conveyed between them nearly 400 passengers. One of the missing pictures bequeathed by Mr. Jacob Bell has at last found its way to the Picture Gallery at South Kensington-Rosa Bonheur's picture, or highly-finished sketch of "The Horse Fair" having been placed in the rooms temporily appro- priated to the Vernon- Gallery. It is fresh from the easel of the artist, who seems very sensibly to hare profited by the opportunity, whilst retouching it, of adding greatly to the clearness and spirit of the composition. At no time hardly do we remember, either in the original picture or in the repetitions that have occasionally appeared, so much force brilliancy, and power of execution as the painting has acquired. Another remarkable picture, a worthy record of the talent of a recently deceased British artist, has also been added to these rooms, in Sir Watson Gor- don's portrait of Sir David Brewster. This portrait presented by the artist's brother, Mr. H. G. Watson, of Edinburgh, represents the venerable and white-headed philosopher seated, nearly full face, in an arm-chair; the figure is seen to the knees; He holds his spectacles and their polished green case in his hands. Viewed near, tbe fainting is slight and hasty in the extreme; but, at a small distance everything takes its place, and forms in the whole a very powerful and complete picture. It has also the interest of being the last work of Sir Watson Gordon, and bears his signature and date 1864. After much vacillation, attended with considerable inconvenience to the persons interested, the officials to whom the laying down of the Atlantic telegraph cable is entrusted, have decided that no "unauthorised" account of that event shall, so far as they can prevent it appear in the public prints. The various journals have been informed we hear, that no representative of the press can be allowed a passage on board the Great Eastern during her approaching voyage but that a gen- tleman, engaged by the company, will supply to the papers a copy of his notes. The decision is satisfac- tory enough to those who are interested in the proper management of the undertaking. There does not seem to be a single good reason in its favour, while a score of bad ones will occur to everybody. The narrative will now, almost necessarily, be however well written, a long advertisement, either indiscriminately, eulogistic or studiously apologetic. We protest against this novel method of telegraphic manipulation. Reader. M. de Montalembert has just written a pamphlet of 160 pages entitled '.'La Victoire da Nord aux Etats Unis." The publication is an enthusiastic eulogy throughout of the Government, people, and institutions of of the United States, and of the conduct and results of the late war. ALLEGED GREAT BANK FRAUD.-The case of the Mercantile Bank of New York v Windsor came before, the Court of Queen's Bench on Thursday. It was an action to recover the value of 31,915 gold dollars and 207,028 greenbacks, alleged to have been abstracted from the coffers of the bank by the defendant, who was formerly paying teller there but had absconded and come to England in an assumed name. He was apprehended in London and charged with forgery. He was taken to Bow-street, and charged before Sir Thomas Henry, who refused to commit him. An application was afterwards made to have the defen- dant delivered up to the American authorities under the Extradition Act, but the court held that the offence did not come within the act. This action was then com- menced to recover the amount as a debt. The defen- dant's property on Staten Island had been seized under the American laws, when it was claimed by a relative to whom it was stated the defendant had sold it before leaving for England. The defendant was ex- amined and gave his version of what had happened. The case was fully gone into, and the Lord Chief Justice, in summing up, said he agreed with the learned counsel for the defendant, that the real issue was whether the defendant had stolen the gold and the notes. If, how- ever, they came to that conclusion, although the defen- dant could not be tried here for that offence, he was, however, civilly. responsible for the amount deficient. When the last counting took place, in 1862, everything was correct, but after the defendant left New York a large deficiency was discovered both in the gold and currenoy notes. After alluding to the discrepancies in the evidence given by the defendant and that of the witness taken in New York, and referring to the defen- dant's admission of the discovery of the deficiency of 197000 dollars currency, his lordship said that the course a man should adopt who had made such a dis- covery, if he knew he was honest and was not influenced by apprehensions such as honest men seldom entertained he need hardly tell them. His course should have been to have at once called the attention of the bank to a fact of such grave importance, with reference not only to the interests of the bank but also to his own personal character and position. Instead of making a communi- cation to the bank authorities, he entered the amount in his book daily, as if the money was actually in the bank. After that he absconded, but before doing that he made away with his property, and when he was apprehended in England he had changed his personal appearance. The whole proceeding was one of the gravest possible suspicion. On the other hand, there was nothing to show that he had acquired property co- xtentive with the money deficient, or that his mode of receving had increased proportionately, or that he had entered into any reckless speculations. The jury, after being locked up over two hours, returned into court with a verdict for the plaintiff, at the same time express- ing their disapproval of the lax manner in which the bank conducted its business. The verdict was entered for the plaintiff, damages £26.793. Among the recent noticeable deaths is that of Isaac Taylor, writer and inventor. Mr. Taylor, who died on Wednesday, June 28, at Stanford Rivers, in his 78th year, began his literary career with his "Elements of Thought." His writings are numerous, and of a high character ; though they can scarcely be said to have reached a genuine popularity. The principal works are : a "History of the Transmission of Ancient Books to Modern Times," the "Natural History of Enthusiasm," and the " Physical Theory of Another Life." In 1862, her Majesty, at the recommendation of Lord Palmerston, conferred a literary pension of £100 a year on Mr. Taylor. There is a very fair medallion por- trait of Mr. Taylor in the sculpture room of the Royal Academy Exhibition, No. 1010. Mr, Taylor's mind presented a rare union of artistic, mechanical, and literary genius. The originality and power exhibited in some of his early designs, engraved for Boydell's Bible, have been noticed in Gilchrist's "Life of Blake." One of the most complicated and beautiful pieces of mechanism now at work in Manchester is Mr. Taylor's machine for engraving patterns on rollers for calico- printing. The plates which illustrate Trail's Josephus were engraved by this process. Two volumes of essays have recently been gathered from various publications. An article in the new number of the British Quar- terly Review, on "The Two Newmans," closes with a paragraph which, aa appearing in an organ of the Evangelical Dissenters, will produce an agreeable sur- prise. Tbe writer says : We have no hope to see either of them back again in the church of their bap- tism and early profession; but, iso?iug as we do firmly, that men are better and worse than their creeds; that there is a great deal of immoral, unlovely, inhu- man orthodoxy, and a great deal of honest, manly, beautiful human life in connection with what we call heresy-and knowing that there is, for sincere and devout minds, a way out of error as well as into it-we cannot yet relinquish the hope of being gathered with both these men within the pale of that church whose unity shall be perfect and everlasting, and whose faith shall be turned to sight." The Bishop of Natal has a real grievance against Messrs. Murray and Co., of Paternoster Row, the bishop stating that a pamphlet just published by that firm, purporting to be a report of a lecture delivered by him at the Marylebone Institute on " Foreign Missions and Mosaic Traditions," has been published without his knowledge or permission ; and that it is very incorrect, being not only imperfect and inaccurate, but making him responsible for statements which he did not utter. Murray and Co. say in defence that the pamphlet is printed from the notes of an experienced parliamentary reporter, and that in no part of the pamphlet is it stated that it is published by the authority of the bishop. DISCOVERY OF A TEMPLE OF JUNO AT POMPEII.- Men- tion was lately made of the discovery at Pompeii of a temple of Juno, with more than 300 skeletons. These remains, which crumbled to dust by degrees as they were brought to light, were those of women and children who had been buried beneath the burning ashes thrown out by the volcano at the moment in which a sacrifice was being offered up in the temple to the Queen of the Gods, no doubt to implore her to avert the terrible calamity which menaced the city. To the arm of one of those skeletons, which from the rich jewels with which it was covered is supposed to be that of the high priestess was still attached, by a gold ring, a censer of the same metal filled with calcined perfumes. Thias vessel is of the form of those now used in the ceremonies of catholic churches, and is of beautiful workmanship and inlaid with precious stones. The statue of the goddess is one of the most magnificent relics yet found in that city ; its eyes are of enamel, and on the neck and arms, as well as at the ankles, are jewels and bracelets of precious stones of the most exquisite finish and elegance of form. The peacock placed at her side is almost entirely composed of precious stones. The tripod before the altar is, like the censer held by the high priestess, magnificently worked gold. The temple also contained lamps, artistically chased, of bronze, iron, silver, and gold ; branches of foliage, vine stems, inter- spersed with flowers and fruit of the most beautiful form. The space around the altar is paved with splen- did mosaics in excellent preservation, and the rest of the temple is inlaid with small triangular blocks of white and purple agate. The spot on which the sacri- fices were made is alone paved with marble. All the instruments used on the occasion were still lying on a bronze table, and the sacred vases were filled with a reddish matter, which is supposed to have been blood. Daily News. An absurd story comes from Munich about a ghostly service held in the Protestant church one night. At about eight in the evening people collected about the doors of the closed edifice, attracted by the sound of singing. One enthusiastic auditor distinctly heard hymns, another could detect the sound of the organ, a third could see through the windows a ghost in shirt sleeves flitting about the nave. The gen- darmes came and broke into the church; there was nobody there, but the singing continued. The in- fatuated public hung about till twelve at night ; they searched the chancel, the vestry, the organ loft, and the gallery, pierced underneath the communion table, peeped into the baptismal font; but neither populace, soldiers, gendarmes, nor Nachtwachter could discover anything. In the morning it was found out that a couple of lusty fellows had been sitting in their room abutting one end of the church, drinking beer and singing " Fidele Lieder" all night. By some architec- tural, or acoustical dispensation the sound had pene- trated into the church ; and the Munich public not being very musical, despite Wagner, took the " Fidele Lieder" for hymns !-The Orchestra. Mr. Thomas Baines, the author of "Travels in South- Western Africa," and well known as an artist explorer of the interior of Africa, has just returned to England, bringing with him a great store of sketches of scenery and natives, the results of seven years' work. The recent success of the Owl has induced some gentlemen, members of one of the principal clubs in Pall Mall, to start a humorous rival, under the title of the Bat. Like its progenitor, it will give all sorts of private intelligence from the most exclusive quarters, but at what periods, or how, it will takeo its flight, has not yet been disclosed. THE FIGURE OF THE EARTH. The Cosmos publishes an article by M. W. Fonvielle, on the subject of certain remarks made in Germany on the measure of an arc of the meridian of Barcelona, comprised between that city and Formentera, In this article he contends that Blot and Arago, in measuring that arc, did not by any means intend to correct the length of the metre, but only to verify the results obtained by Delambre and Mechain. Since then numerous arcs have been measured without, as M. de Fonvielle observes, any addition to our knowledge of the figure of the earth ; on the contrary, difficulties have arisen in proportion as the means of investigation have become more powerful. The academicians of our day are not half so sure of the real value of the spheroid we inhabit as the contemporaries of Proard and Lacaille were. They have found that, the vicinity of mountains may cause the plumb line to deviate from the perpendicular. Nay, they have even been led to suspect tbe existence of a repulsive force in certain localities of the earth, such as Moscow ; and' they have even been induced to start the question whether all meridians are identical curves or not, or the terrestrial spheroid, may not have suffered some depression or elevation of surface sufficient to deform it, and prevent its assimilation to a spheroid of revolution. M. de Fonvielle shows that geometricians are greatly embarrassed in their choice between various con- tradictory measurements, some of which are even of doubtful precision. All these measures have to be reduced to the level of the sea, and it is by no means certain that all the seas of tbs globe are on the same level ; and hence our author concludes that the only way to get out of the difficulty is to follow the example of MM. Blot and Arago, and measure a certain number of marine arcs. The library of the late Dr. Baikie, the celebrated African explorer, whose untimely death took place at Sierra Leone in November last, during his journey home, is now being disposed of by Messrs. Puttick and Simpson. The sale commenced on Friday, and will last until to-morrow, Wednesday. It is stated that Captain Carr, of the Madras Native Infantry, will shortly publish a collection of Telugu Proverbs, with English translation and explanatory notes, and a few Sanskrit Proverbs. A Dravidian Dic- tionary is also spoken of as in preparation by a Dr. Pope of Octacamund. Music is turned to odd uses in these days when every one who has no real fancy seems agonising after origi- nality. The inauguration of the statue of Dr. Jenner, which is to take place at Boulogne, towards the end of July, will be signalised in part by a "Hymn to Beauty," written by M. Elwart, in which the great discovery of vaccination is to be successively illustrated by choruses of children, young men, mothers, and patriarchs. Mr. Schweack Gilbert, the son of the author of "Shirley Hall Asylum," and other recent popular works, has just joined the Punch staff. As this gen- tleman very cleverly illustrates his own writings, we shall probably soon have a serial story, or burlesque from his pen, with pictures to match. The Albert gold medal of the Society of Arts has been awarded this year to the Emperor of the French for distinguished merit in promoting in many ways, by his personal exertions, the international progress of arts, manufactures, and commerce. The Prince of Wales, president, communicated this decision to the Emperor, by whom it has been most graciously re- ceived. THE ANTI-BEEF MOVEMENT.-The inhabitants of the colliery village of Burardon have resolved to abstain from the use of butcher meat until the price be reduced to 6d. per lb.-Newcastle Chronicle. According to the Moniteur, the Histoire de Jules Cesar is being translated in Arabic. The Spanish military authorities have just completed a series of plans of Cæsar's campaign against Pompey, to illustrate the Emperor's "Life of Cæsar." According to the Consti- tutionael, the necessary survey has been the occupation of eleven officers belonging to the staff for the last twelve months, and the execution leaves nothing to be desired. Copies have been presented to the Emperor Napoleon and to Queen Isabella. A fire ocourred at the British Museum on Monday, and we are sorry to hear that serious damage was done. The fire, origin unknown, broke out in the binders' workshops, in which a certain number of books and manuscripts were under repair; among others, the Anglo-Saxon manuscript known as Pope Gregory the Great's " Pastorale." This very important M.S. was given by Alfred the Great to Plagmund, Archbishop of Canterbury. Everyone will be grieved to bear that it was destroyed by the fire. Several other manuscripts were injured, but not, it is to be hoped, beyond the power of repair. Part fifth of Bishop Colenso's work on the Penta- teuch and Book of Joshua is announced to appear this month, with three appendices - viz. : 1. On the Israe- itish Origin of the Sanctuary of Mecca. 2. On the Psalms, in reply to the Rev. J. J. S. Perowne and the Bishop of Ely. 3. On the Phoenician Origin of the Name IAO. Mr. Trubner's useful "Oriental Record" informs us that Mr. R. W. Emerson is engaged in editing a volume of Henry D. Thoreau's Letters, which cannot fail to be well worth reading. The "American Monthly" for June has a brief paper upon Emerson, which con- tains the following extraordinary passage :-" Ralph Waldo is death and an entire stud of pale horses on flowery expressions and japonica-downish flubdubs. . . . . He has a penchant as strong as cheap board- ing house butter for mystification," &c.; In American journalism the " highfalutin" is at the present moment in the ascendant. 