STRONG LEGISLATION. (From the Argus, 17th October). The Attorney-General is making progress. He had snubbed ths judges, he lmd disregarded the decieiotj of the Supreme Court, he had violated the Constitution, and he had broken the luvr. Such exploits, perhaps, were beginning to feel too hum drum. It was necessary to flod lresh worlds to conquer, and Mr Higinbotham, more fortunate than Alexander, has found them ; and he has been triumphant still. He has succeeded in hurrying through both Houses of Parliament, and in passing into law, the following remarkable clause in the Bill to Explain and Amend the Common Law Procedure Statute of 1SG5 : 4\. No act or statute passed or to bo passed during tlio last preceding or the present session of Parliament, shall operate or bo deemed to operate as a repeal by implica tion of any enactment in forco at tho timo of the coming into operation of such first-mentioned act or statute, but every such enactment shall, .savo whero tho same is expressly repealed, bo deemed to liavo and to bo in full force and clfect, notwithstanding any repugnancy ?or contrariety between such enactment and such act or statute, or any part thereof. o It is rather surprising that even in tho bustle of hurrying a bill through all its stages in one day, the peculiarities of this clause should have escaped detection, but the progressive development of illega lity and anomaly has now brought us up to what may be regarded as an early form of legalised con tradiction in terms. Wo may expect finer specimens hereafter, but the characteristics of the new species are already very marked. It is enacted, without any disguise or concealment, that if a clause passed to-day is in contravention of a previously existing one, they are nevertheless both to remain in force. The judges had aoino reason to complain before, but now the head of their department is harder upon them than ever. Or are we to suppoBe that the purpose of the clause is that of giving the judges an uncrackable nut -insisting upon their cracking it-and thus estab lishing a good complaint against them if they fail. Tho Attorney-General's huccess in this new direction lays open to him a large field wherein to display his activity. 11 w bad j:ot tired, it may be presumed, of breaking the laws of the land' but now that he has begun breaking tho laws of reason, he has immense scope. The effort on which we are complimenting him must bo regarded only -.\8 a prefatory one. He is advancing into the new coun try cautiously, as is but fitting. The clause we have quoted amounts t3 a kind of postulate. "Repugnant and contradictory clauses shall nevertheless bolh be valid" "All A. is B.," and "No A. is B." are propositions that must henceforward be simultane ously believed in and acted on by her Majesty's judges in this colony, or tho '. able lawyers" by whom tho Crown is at present advised will let them know something about it. Ihe Chief Justice should make himself familiar with the part of Xvatharine Mr Higinbotham is already well up in that of Petru chio. Our learned friend has not yet begun to set the sun aud moon to rights-that is a pleasure to come-but tho spirit of his last enactment is quite that of Petruchio when he exclaims Now, by niv mother's son, aud that's mvself, It shall bo moon, or sun, or what 1 list. And it is to be leared that, even it the judges were to be as accommodating as the tamed Blirew, they ?would have to veer round as rapidly in order to re main in harmony with their Mentor. " I say it is the moon" proceeds Petruchio, authoritatively. " I know it is the moon," replies Katharine, submis sively. " Nay, then you lie, it is (he blessed sun," SBya Petruchio, a little offensively. " Then God be blessed, it is the blessed sun," says Katharine, lor the sake of pc-acu and quietness. It is certainly to be hoped that the spirit of Katharine conquered will be strong upon our judges when they are called upon to interpret clause -J, above quoted. Still the Ministry has yet before it an immense body of unviolated laws that should suffice to supply them with healthy exercise for some time to come. Alkalies are not yet forbidden to combine with acids and to form neutral Baits, and triangles do not up to the present time Bubject themselves to punishment for letting their threo angles be equal to two right angles. Very likely the Attorney-General haB his eye upon these and similar offenders, but it is im possible to do everything at once. The apple is still at liberty to fall to the earth in obedience to tho law of gravitation, but we strongly advise the apple to mind what it is about, or at all events to be prepared to show cause why the law of gravitation should not be set avide, and something very superior, contrived bv tho "able lawyers " by whom the Crown in this colony is at present advised, substituted for it. Or perhaps it would bo more in harmony with the spirit of Clauso 4, if it were to be enacted that henceforward, anything contained in the law of gravity notwithstanding, applc-s are to (all upwards, the judges being required, under heavy penalties, to give ellect to both provisions synchronously. When these matters have been put upon c right footing, the culpable habit of never meeting to express their faith in the Ministry, which parallel lines have got into, will need attention. In the meantime, we have much governmental activity to be thankful fur. It is not every community that can boast of an Admin istration which in one week upsets a tariff without the slightest legal authority, and enacts that hence forward contradictory clauses in acts of Parliament shall be simultaneously in force. How SWEETMEATS ARE MADE.-What an atmo-. phere of duat meets us as wo enter the manufactory. The shop we are in is powdered from rafter to floor .with a fino impalpable powder, that rominds us of tho interior of a flour mill, and tho workmen are moving ghosts, oven the fringes of their eyelashes afc whitened to their tips, justai the hoar frost whitens eveiy tiny filament it can lay hold of. This dust is that of fino starch, the substance used as a matrix for a certain CIUBS of cast sugar goods. Wo aro in that part of that factory now w hero those .'sweets " are made which aro tho demi-opaquo like snow-water frozen. The sugar is not boiled to a great heat, but is allowed gently to simmer on the fire, whilst the moulds in which it ia to lie cast are being prepared. This is done by spreading tho fino Btarch over boards quite evenly, and then inverting another board over it, studded with the forms it is intended to cast. The man we are looking at iB about to make anu Icte, or sugar rings, and as he lifts the inverted board from the smooth starch, we 6ee that it is covered with moulds of these indented rings, placed at regu lar intervals, and aB close together as they can go. Another workman now approaches with a tin re ceptacle filled with sugar, fitted with Bir spouts. With great skill and knack he pours out the sugar, and fills ring after ring indented in the Btarch, as fast bb his arms can conveniently travel from left to right. Not a drop is spilt, tho sugar standing in caell ring with a slightly curved surface, just as a drop of water would do that had fallen upon duat. These starch moulds arc used for all those sweet meats which contain fluid or liquor in the in terior, The liquor 1b mixed with the melted sugar indiscriminately, and both enter the mould together, but, curiously enough, the latter instantly crystallizes on the outside of the former, and thus, by a natural law, the liquid flavoring essence becomes imprisoned. It was thought very Joolieh of George III. to a6k how the apples got into the dumplings, but we have little c\oilbt thfit the manner in which these liquors get inside the sugar plums has puirled many a wiBer head than his. Tbe casting of these liquor sweets employs a largo number of persons, and the most extraordinary moulds aro obliged to bo invented to meet the requirements of the trade. Balmoral boots, Tyrolese hats, scissors, knives, fish, and all kinds of things, animate and inanimate, are thus produced, tbe only limit to the design being the size and weight Of each article.-Once a Week. 