INVERELL. Shearing is in full operation. The different sheds havo made their arrangements, andoaoasionally a mob of shearers will rush into the town to be tliemsolves shorn. When their chequea, Uko Banquo's ghost, have vanished into thin air or grog, a bush intimation from the land- lord will remind this useful class of men of the fact, who aro then soon in the saddle, and off again to strip tie fleece. Wo have had a long winter, and at the prosont time occasionally of a night slight froBts prevail, blighting the fruit troea, and damaging the early potato crops. The aphis is becoming a pest to vegetation ; I have ob- served it upon heans,radishes, apple trees, wheat, barley, and flower shrubs, From wbenoe does this little plague oome ? Is it on atmospherical production, and oan it be exterminated 1 A prize essay upon the subject might prove banefiaial to agriculturists, and advantageous lo the publio generally. Our wheat oropa are looking well, but would bo greatly improved by a soaking rain. An M P. froBi tho mother oonntry, and the owner of many stations, has lately been engaged in Beleoting Rbeep from some of the New England ron;, among which were a number purohased from Mr. Fletoher, of the Auburn Vaia Station. On Saturday, the 21st instant, Mr. Boggia gavo one of his historical and intellectual entertainments to a orowded audience. Tho sennes exhibited oalkd forth loud bursts of admiration, especially tho soriptural pieoss, which wore coloured photographs, and taken from oelebratod pictures, executed by some of the fumod masters of the old sohool. The scenes were exhibited by the lime light, whioh brought out the gorgeous tinting to perfection. At the conolimion, Mr. B introduced the lately discovered ohemioal magnesium light. Snob re- fined entertainments oannot be too generously supported, as they not only tend to relievo a dull monotony, but most materially assist in refining and elevating the mind. The illustrations wero accompanied by appropri- ate tunes, emanating from two professionals, whose ex- cellent mnsio much enhanced the evening's amusement. The dirty condition of our streets, combined with the dog and other nuisanoes, calls loudly for the Towns Police Aot. In the different thoroughfares are to bo seen boneB, ashes, rags, and all kinds of rubbish. Our monthly Court of Petty Sessions took plaoe this day-viz., 26lh October-H. Wyndham, Esq , J.P., on the bandi. For the want of a second magistrate most of j the caaes were postponed, as they were last month, and for the same reason This is to bo regretted. One wit- ness, who attended on the two occasions, has ridden a distance of 120 miles, and is further summoned to appear on the next court day, viz,, 30th November. And for what and for why is this witness and others summoned from station employments, to tho detriment of their well-being and interests. j Oot. 2Gth, 1865. 