ADELONG. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) February 22nd. — There is so little news that I may first explain a mistake in my report of the dinner to Mr. Drumniond. I vuote it in a hurry, to be inserted in your next issue — which it wasn't — and as I wrote, the memories- of by gone reporting days, and the ghosts of dead dinners, dead speeches, and dead toasts rose before me, so that I unconsciously slipped in the usual comolimentarv thanks to the host, und h( stess. It was not given, ovviug to an unplea santness to which I did not allude, as it was neither connected with the main object of the dinner nor interesting t'o the public, and as the gentlemen present lully expressed their views on the subject. As I am treating of omissions, I beg to tender my thanks to those present for omitting the toast of ' The Press.' It usually comes at the tail-end of a dinner, when every body is tired and wants to go home, or has had enough of speeches, and wishes to betake him self to some fresh amusement. Gentlemen generally are well acquainted with the value of ine lourui estate at mis time ot day, ana so are the representatives thereof, even the humblest, and therefore it is needless to inflict a more or less eloquent panegyric and a more or less graceful reply on a wearied audience. . I have been taken to task as to the epithet I used in characterising the, repast provided on the occasion I refer to. Men differ in their taste as in opinion, Smn« mm an » nnlft IiIta nvirl anmo t»r» nmVm Also, as to wines, some like light thin wines, others heavy thick wines. Many prefer cham pagne sparkling, some may desire a soberer substitute. Who shall decide where drinkers disagree ? If any gentleman wishes to express views on the subject, your columns are open to bim, but I don't thinjc it is worth while. The purpose of the meeting — that of showing hearty respect i for Mr. Drummond — was fully carried out. The news that the stone sent here from the Eurongilly diggings realised nearly 28ozs. to the ;on, has. caused excitement, and a considerable exodus from here to that place is in progress. Two balls have taken place at the Reef Inn which have been well attended. The necessity of a bridge across our creek, which would enable the upper and lower inhabitants of Adelong to visit each other with out inconvenience, is acknowledged by all, and j various memorials have been sent to Govern ment relative to this subject without result. We wait and hope. Meantime the host of the Gold-Diggers Arms, Mr. Roche, has at his own expense, erected a footbridge which, will be an advantage to many. I hope those passing that way will not forget his contribution towards the public convenience, or fail to acknowledge it suitably. 