MOOSE HUNTING. After paddling a couple of miles, we found the arboured mouth of the little Malahoodus River, famous for moose. We had been on the look-out for it, and I was amused to hear one of the hunters say to the other, to assure himself of his familarity with the sport, " You drove the West Branch last spring, didn't you ? " as one of us might ask about a horse. We did not explore the Malahoodus far, but left the other birch to thread its cedared solitudes, while we turned back to try our fortunes in the larger stream. We paddled on about four miles further, lingering now and then opposite the black mouth of a moose-path. The incidents of our voyage were few, but quite as exciting and profitable as the items of the newspapers. A stray log compen- sated very well for the ordinary run of accidents, and the floating carkiss of a moose which we met could pass muster instead of a singular discovery of human remains by workmen in digging a cellar. Once or twice we saw what seemed ghosts of trees ; but they turned out to be dead cedars in winding-sheets of long grey moss, made spectral by the moonlight. Just as we were turning to drift back down- stream, we heard a loud gnawing sound close by us on the bank. One of our guides thought it a hedgehog, the other a bear. I inclined to the bear, as making the adventure more imposing. A rifle was fired at the sound, which began again with the most provoking indifference, ere the echo, flaring madly at first from shore to shore, died far away in a hoarse sigh. Half-past eleven, p.m. - No sign of a moose yet. The birch, it seems, was strained at the Carry, or the pitch was softened as she lay on the shore during dinner, and she leaks a little. If there be any virtue in the sitzbad, I shall discover it. If I cannot extract green cucumbers from the moon's rays, I get something quite as cool. One of the guides shivers so as to shake the birch. Quarter to twelve. - Later from the Freshet ! The water in the birch is about three inches deep, but the dampness reaches already to the waist. I am obliged to remove the matches from the ground floor of my trousers into the upper story of a breast-pocket. Meanwhile we are to sit immovable, - for fear of frightening the moose, which induces cramps. Half-past twelve. - A crashing is heard on the left bank. This is a moose in good earnest. We are besought to hold our breaths, if possible. My fingers so numb, I could not, if I tried. Crash ! crash ! again, and then a plunge, followed by dead stillness. " Swimmin' crik," whispers guide, suppressing nil unnecessary parts of speech,-" don't stir." I, for one am not likely to. A cold fog which has been gathering for the last hour has finished me. I fancy myself one of those naked pigs that seem rushing out of market- doors, in winter, frozen in a ghastly atti- tude of gallop. If I were to be shot myself, I should feel no interest in it. As it is, I am only a spectator, having declined a gun. Splash ! again ; this time the moose is in sight, and click ! click ! one rifle misses fire after the other. The fog has quietly spiked our batteries. The moose goes crushing up the bank, and presently we hear it chewing its end close by. So we lie in wait freezing. At one o'clock I propose to land at a deserted wongen I had noticed on the way up, where I will make a fire and leave them to refrigerate as much longer as they please. Axe in hand, I go plungiug through waist-deep weeds dripping with dew, haunted by an intense conviction that the gnawing sound we had heard was a bear, and a bear at least 18 hands high. There is something pokerish about a deserted dwelling, even in broad daylight ; but here in the obscure wood and the moon filtering unwillingly through the trees ! Well, I made the door at last, and found the place packed fuller with dark- ness than it ever had been with hay. Gradually I was able to make things out a little, and began to hack frozenly at a log which I groped out. I was relieved presently by one of the guides. He cut at once into one of the uprights of the building till he got some dry splinters, and we soon had a fire like the burning of a whole wood-wharf in our part of the country. My companion went back to the birch, and left me to keep house. First I knocked a hole in the roof (which the fire began to lick in a relishing way) for a chimney, and then cleared away a damp growth of " pison - elder," to making a sleeping - place. When the unsuccessful hunters returned, I had everything quite comfortable, and was steaming at the rate of about ten-horse- power a minute. Young Telemachus was sorry to give up the moose so soon, and, with the teeth chattering almost out of his head, he declared that he would like to stick it out all night. How- ever, he reconciled himself to the fire, and making our bed of some " splits" which we poked from the roof, we lay down at half-past two. I, who have inherited a habit of looking into every closet before I go to bed, for fear of fire, had become in two days such a stoic of the woods, that I went to sleep tranquilly, certain that my bedroom would be in a blaze before morning. And so, indeed, it was ; and the withes that bound it together being burned off, one of the sides fell off without waking nie. Tuesday, 16.-After a sleep of two hours and a half, so sound that it was as good as eight, we started at half-past four for the haymakers' camp again. We found them just getting break- fast. We sat down upon the deacon-scat before the fire blazing between the bedroom and salle a manger, which were simply two roofs of spruce bark sloping to the ground on one side, the other three being left open. We found that we had, at least, been luckier than the other party, for M. had brought back his convoy with- out even seeing a moose. As there was not room at the table for all of us to breakfast together, these hospitable woodmen forced us to sit down first, although we resisted stoutly. Our break- fast consisted of fresh bread, fried salt pork, stewed wortleberries. and tea. Our kind hosts refused to take money for it,nor would M. accept anything for his trouble. This seemed even more open-handed when I remembered that they had brought all their stores over the Carry upon their shoulders, paying an ache extra for every pound. If their hospitality lacked anything of hurd external polish, it had all the deeper grace which springs only from sincere manliness. I have rarely sat at a table d'hote which might not have taken a lesson from them in essential cour- tesy. I have never seen a finer set of men. They have all the virtues of the sailor, without that unsteady roll in the gait with which the ocean proclaims itself quite us much in the moral as in the physical habit of man. They appeared to me to have hewn out a short northwest passage through wintry woods to those spice-lands of character which we dwellers in cities must reach, if at all, by weary voyages in the monotonous track of the trades. By the way, us we were em- birching last evening for our moose chase, I asked kcd what I was to do with my baggage. " Leave it here," said our guide, and he laid the bags upon a platform of alders, which he bent down to keep them beyond reach of the rising water. " Will they be safe here ?" '. As safe as they would be locked up in your house at home." And so I found them at my return ; only the hay-makers had carried them to their camp for greater security against the chances of the weather. We got back to Kineo in time for dinner ; and in the afternoon, the weather being fine, went up the mountain. As we landed at the foot, our guide pointed to the re- mains of a red shirt, mid a pair of blanket trou- sers. " That," stud he, " is the reason there's such a trade in ready-made clo'es. A suit gits pooty well wore out by the time a camp breaks up in the spring, and the lumberers want to look about right when they come back into the settle- ment, so they buy somethin' ready-made, and heave ole bust-up into the bush." True enough, thought I, this is the Ready-made Age. It is quicker being covered than fitted. So we all go to the slop-shop and come out uniformed, every mother's son with habits of thinking and doing cut on one pattern, with no special reference to his peculiar build.-" A Mooselwad Journal," in Fireside Travels. 