LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF ST. FRANCIS XAVIEK'S HALL. ^ , _ The foundation-stone of St. Francis Xavier's Hall was laid on Tuesday, August 15-a day set apart in the Romish Calendar as the Feast of the Assumption. me miiiamg win be altogether without external ornamentation. Its dimensions are— Length, 70 feet; breadth, 35 feet; height to the top of the ridge inside, 35 feet. The walls are to be of Glen Osmond stone with brick dressings throughout, and the style of the windows is to be early pointed Gothic The roof will be open timbered, plastered between the purlins, covered with slate, and surmounted by an ornamental iron ridging. Behind the hall will be attached Committee-rooms. The present contract is for £1,553, and it is expected that the entire building will be completed within five months. The builder is Mr. McMullen, and the architects Messrs. Wright & Woods. On the morning of Tuesday a large concourse of people assembled in tbe Cathedral, where High Mass was performed. The clergy, consisting of the Rev. Fathers Smyth, Reynolds, Russell, Boiugarte, . von der Heyde, and O'Connor, all dressed in their robes, inarched in procession to the front, where the stone was to be laid, and where a very large assemblage of people had collected, and took their place upon a temporary platform, above which waved the flag of the Catholic Young Men's Society. Mr. M. H. Davis then came forward and read the following address :— 'The Rev. Father Smyth, Ad. Aps. 'We the Catholics of Adelaide, assembled to day on the auspicious occasion of laying the foundation-stone of a building which we hope and believe will be greatly conducive to the edification and enlightenment of the Catholic community, cannot allow this opportunity to pass without testifying in some degree the high respect and esteem in which we hold you as our pastor 'In commemoration of the event, and as most appropriate to the present occasion, we beg your acceptance of the accompanyipg testimonial ?— ' Malcolm 11 Davis ' M. McMullen S. Peorce Creagh p. Fitzpatrick JjJ-fronin E. McEllister M. McDonald Jno. Geo. Daly. ™L-r?kii'?rne«7 ?, w- McNamee.' Mr.E. W. Wright said-Eeverend Sir, I have been desired on the present occasion to request your acceptance of this trowel, with which we hope you will to^iay lay the foundation-stone of this building. I trust you will keep it as a memento of this exceedingly auspicious event, and that in after years you will look upon it with delight as beintr the instrument with which the first stone of so important a building was laid, and as an indication of the esteem in which you have been held by the community of which you are the pastor. I also trust that this wdl not bs the last time that vou will have occasion to use it. The Rev J. Smyth said he felt much gratified at receiving this testimonial on an occasion which had been truly characterized as an auspicious one He would ever preserve it. and trusted that in'a'ter years the remembrance- of that occasion would tend to cement the attachment existing between them as pastor and people. He requested Mr. Wright , to give his best thanks to those who had deputed him to present him with that beautiful gift. The trowel was of silver, and the inscription, which was surrounded by elegant ornamentation: was as follows :-'A.M.D.a Presented to the Very Eev. John Smyth, Ad. Aps.,. on the occa Hionof layingthe foundation-stone of St. Franci j Xavier's Hall Adelaide, on the Feast of th Assumption, 1865.' , The dedicatory service was then commenced, th Eev. Father Smyth making the sign of the cros on the stone, and repeating the words— In nomin fatris, et Filii, et Spiritus SanctLlAme.%. He the ' laid the stoue, employing the pontifical ritual: 'In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this firs stone of this foundation in the name of I he Fathei I and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that there j through faith, may flourish the fear of God am brotherly love; that this place may lie destined t invoke and praise the name of our Lor Jesus Christ, who, with the Father am the Holy Ghost, lives and reigns, one Goi for ever and ever. Amen.'e The Rev. Fathe afterwards read the following words, beim the translation of a document which, together will I the usual coins and newspapers, had been enclose* in a jar placed in a recess of the stone just laid :— ' On the Festival of the Assumption of the Blessw Virgin Mary to Heaven. 1865; in the year of th- Pontificate of Pius, Pope theNiuth, thi 20th ;o Victoria the First, Queen of Great Britain am Ireland, the 28th; Sir Dominiek Daly being Go vernor of the province, the Sse of Adelaide beinf vacant ; a largeconcourse of persons being present the assisting priests being Patrick Thomas Ens3ell Ihepdore Bomgarte, Charles von der Hevde, Michael O'Connor, and C. A. Reynolds; the Verj Rev. John' Smyth. , Administrator Apostolic oi the Diocese of Adelaide, laid this fouudation-stont of St Francis Xavier's flalL' The choir then dianted the 'Miserere,' and the clergy, having reformed into procession, made a circuit of the foundations. j The Rev. Father Smyth then addressed the audience, remarking that the want of a room oj that kind had been felt for a long time. Instita tions, the offspring of Catholic doctrines and Catholic teachings, had sprung up around them. Catholic ideas had taken tangible shape in the formation of this 8ociety and that confraternity: but they had only had a limited space for development, and their growth had been thus retarded, as the growth of even a healthy plant was retarded when the space was too mnaTl to allow of its expansion. Room was required wherein attention might be paid to things which were quasi-Church matters, although, precisely speaking, they belonged neither to Cathedral nor Church; and they had come to the determination to supply that want. Large and useful, however. as that building would be, it would hardly be extensive enough for the purposes for which it was intended. Few rooms were so generally in use as St Xavier's Hall would be. It would be a place for the monthly meetings of the Catholic Young Men's Society, and for their quarterly soirees, undertaken for their own benefit, and the amusement and instruction of those who attended. Besides this, they were in need of a reading-room and library, althoush they were able to have a good library in St. Francis Xavier's Hall. Young men would be able to come there and spend an hour or two in mental recreation, and in addition to this, a handsome museum might be brought together, including the products of that beautiful country and specimens of then* minerals. Further than this, the room would be used as a place wherein the children of the flock— the little lambkins of the fold— would receive the rudiments of their education, so as to remove the danger of their being taken from the Church in which they had been baptized. Here they would be sub jected to instruction at the hands of Christian brethren, and be able to go home withoutawakening a fear in the minds of their anxious father and mother that their faith would be tampered with between the morning and the -evening. The Rev. Father briefly referred to the position of the Church m the Indies, and stated that the building would be opened free of debt. The money was coming in, and they relied also upon the generous offerings of those present, whom he would now invite to deposit their gifts upon the stone. The sum placed upon the stone at the conclusion of the address amounted to about £72. During the proceedings one or two photographic views of the scene were taken. 