A BtoE^ISLTffE GAYNDAH ROAD, AND WHAT WE SAW. ' . ' [Br Jebehiah Sceiven.] The pleasantest time of the year— at least so tbought we— when^we were a boy, was between . the middle of June and the first of August. There .jvere charms possessed by that short . montbinda:felfthatialltlie rest oftheyear, However, yaried. its ' pleasures, wanted; and yearly we longed intensely for its return. True, it was not jche season poets love to talk abont ; '3t:liad,not :^e peculiar and suggestive attrac tions of .autumn, with its sere and yellow leaf, nor, the fascinations of our northern winter, the snowy landscapes, or The frost- work fair Where transient hues a,nd fancied figures rise ; .. And a3 for . the yaried and verily palled npon beautiesof spring, with its sunny showers and ibnrsting budsj—that was farther removed than any. . ? ? it, was, perhaps, the most matter-of-fact ; . season in |the^ears-r-generally top hot to beex iilarating, oy ^ i»o . wet Jio provoke any kind of fancy thatwas not tinged with blue; and yet we loved it— ay^, more than all the other sea sons put ^together. Why ?— Because (ohl ... mystic words!) it was the holidays — that time when the days were all our own to spend as we thought :fit,-unappalled by spectral schoolmaster and. dreaded rod looming in the prospective. And then it was the season when our old city home was shut up, and the wild breezy sea ????., shore tookthe place of the . deserted streets of the ,-tovm.; Joyously passed the time then — dancingln bur skiff o'er the gleaming bay, or away fe^feiiiiVe iiltle sea-side village, spend- ; ing tbe'day near sorne -)ld ruined tower, unde terred mourfree-heartedmerrlment by the old evil tales of rapine and murder the very stones seemed, to whisper. Ardently we loved the country -then, and often in the early morning, ??? or as the afternoon shadows were lengthening, we would wander away, fisbiug-Tod in hand, to some lonely Stream or mountain tarn, and lying on the -bank, watching our cork bobbing out in the sparkling water, float away into that sunny xeaTm of which Only youth and poets know. Ohl tho joys of these early days! when life seemed fair as a dream, and the shadows of care and sorrow had never darkened the light of youth ! But these are memories of the past, and of far-off Scotland, land of poetry: other scenes :? and other .associations . surround us now.; but still, while adapting ourselves to our new sphere, let .us ever cherish -the hope (as all true-patriots do) of seeing the dear1 -old country again— --f . . rejoicing once more on the blue mountain side, in the fresh breeze laden with the scent of the . heather,— watching the red deer bounding down \- the rocky glens, as we used to do long ago. . And of Queensland! what of it? Hath it no«hai^tof^ raptures of Old Jere .... miab'spen?---=thatlaud bf beauty where the rare -exotics ol^lir^birie conservatives bloom hardily In -tiievopen airj often independent of gardeners' art, in little ;]i0pks and by fairy lagoons known ?-^mly-iojXJppbsBum and the kangaroo? Ave, frilly hsitbXitiV Jbri She love of mature is still' as strong within .jis as in the oldeu time, although perhaps with less exuberance and mellowed ; down a 3ittle'bythe shadows of 'declining years. But it is where 'the foot of man seldom treads that .Nature (modest 4ame) arrays herself in her fairest robes; and, as we are not either kangaroos or bppossums, we fear we should find it much more easy to dive Into the recesses of the Queensland forest than we should to dive : out again. : So we think we bad better adopt the safer, and perhaps not less pleasant planj of keeping to the road and culling all the beauties we can from the birds-eye view we get as we Jog along. ^ 'The mora, . Wak'd by the circling Jiours, with rosy hand UnTjaTSthegatesofJigbt^' _ : And we. mounting -*Ol3J»6^arliej'' leave the yet sleeping T^iyburghpre^e^ind, and joyously take our way out bti jitife^^^da.t road. And ?«-' ? ?-?.. .is there not a charoatlias o.ut iD-Jlie early morn, . with its soft ; cool breeze seeming to blow all the ^]an(^ly^d4^lTO^;bii^ipf ia vnian as! it vtO^d^re.-i : . gverytniniar. even Ing up frpm the ^^o^ c^ ; , and : time partial to &gs; yfet bere wecanhot snarlat anjthin^|®^^^^hoiSa|w4^iSiM:J ^yen? = , ; there in the east. Now, all things are happy. ~Iii the.grass numberless . insects begin- to sing andLc1iirp ; in the bush the birds are screaming, somewhat discordantly, but not unpleasantly; and. even the very tree-barks have their min strels in- these nupaberless cicadas &i;%.t shriek ont their strange dinning song, until the old Wood rings again. One pulsation of joy seems to .throb through universal nature, and even we feel ourselves getting younger again, as the mind is borne away back, back to the far-off past, of which these scenes remind us. We are now past the old township; and here, as we turn this angle in the road, let us get under the shadow of the trees and get a last glimpse of xne jviary as n winas aoout at tne toot ot tins bluff. And a noble river it is,— moving so slowly and majestically that it seems hardly moving at all, as the rays of the morning sun tremble in gold on its rippling surface. Stand here, and with your eye follow it up, as in many a winding turn it flows— now lost among tbe trees, and again appearing like a little silver lakelet far in the distance ; and then say if a glorious future does not await a country which can boast of such rivers as these — when the banks shall be smiling in gardens and culti vated fields, and vessels laden with the up country produce shall plough the noble river as they pass ! But these are scenes of the future^ yet already we can see tokens of that future in the little clearings and farms of the pioneer farmer that every here and there diversify the olherwise unbroken forest which stretches down to the water's edge — a vast impenetrable jungle! -Beautiful indeed is the scene which spreads before us, and it is almost with a feeling of jegret that we tear ourselves away to pursue our journey. . There is not anything peculiar about the country on either side of us — -just bush, bush, bush, with the usual embellishments of. the ,,rpad,sides— fallen timber, white and bleached, . rotting slowly away; dead, spectral-looking trees; not yet fallen, but 'standing there gaunt and. naked, with one or two gnarled arms stretched out on either side, and looking like the ghosts (vegetable ones, of course) of a past generation. A strange appearance they have to a. new comer accustomed. to the living umbrageous plantations of home. But still, though certainly striking, few will think they improve the appearance of the landscape, and except for their peculiarly colonial appearance, that they would not be better away. But we suppose bushmen will continue to bark the trees, and . the . trees will continue to die upon their legs, poor things ! until there are no more trees either to bark or die ; — when the old 'forest primeval' will have disappeared before the. on ward march of man, and populous cities cover -what now only nature claims! But when will that be? We dare not answer — we cannot even look forward ; but- leaving it in the energic hands of our fellow-colonists, feel assured that come it must — mayhap sooner than wp. imafririfi. -But lo! while we speak the sun is slowly creeping up to the zenith, and the fresh buoyant breeze that so merrily welcomed us in the morning' has crept into his cave,' perhaps as much afraid of the heat as we ; so here, at Mr. Richmond's comfortable way-side inn, just appearing at the foot of this ' brae,' we will take shelter from the glare, meantime assuring our reader that when the breeze leaves his cave so will we, and again jog along the road (till both of us are wearied. * {To be continued.) 