MEETING AT GUMERACHA. A meeting, called by requisition to the District Chairman, was held at the District Hotel, Gumeracha, on Wednesday, January 18, to consider the propriety of asking the present members to stand for re-election. There were about 30 persons present Mr. Alexander Forrest was voted to toe chair, end read the advertisement convening the meeting. He also apologised for a mistake which had occurred th the date. He regretted there was not a larger attendance, as It was an Important meeting. It was for them to consider who should repr esunt them, and tt they had any new candidate to bring forward he should be glad to receive their propositions. Mr. H. Dawson, J.P., one of the regulsitionists, remarked teat they were brought together again In consequence of that frequent ghost—a dead lock—and It was their duty to try to make a permission lock this time. They should Improve the Home, so as to gain a working majority for the Government It would be no use to return all the old members, as the same dead look would oeoor again, and therefore It was better for some of the old members not to present themselves again. Hedidnotoomplainof their own members, trot some course should be adopted to prevent the privileges of free Government being abused. He re marked that the Lower House had passed the new^Boad Bill, bat It was killed by revenge in the Upper House, be cause tbe members objected to the course which had been taken on the squatting question. He thought muohof the excitement on this question had been unnecessary as the matter had been properly settled by a good head-Hie nre sent Chief JUppe. Hethought a, tidier bargain, had never been nudellMthe squatters with referenoe to the pastoral J*ad??J?"*?liW?g<3? wanted tofcreak that bargain, and thejrn rmonpi. Ukfa ?ow. fattened to pick oat the eyes of the?onffa?: ?sfh trickery haa beeTresoited to to prevent persons other than eqnatters buying land, that It nss time for the country to say they would not stand it, any longer. (Cheers.) They were now about potting Jn a -new Parliament, and he .urged them all not to act upon the political creed which the candidate held, but to Judge from their past action. He would be doubtful of a man who only made promises, and they should look for men who would stand to their colors. The greatest Injury happened In the Upper House, and the opportunity was placed in their power to prevent any such Influence as had recently been used, fie would not farther trespass on their attention trt present, bat would ask them if they concurred In Qoyder's valuations to move a motion respecting them. Mr. Axcx. Gkeio said he approved generally of what Mr. Dawson had said, bat he thought the meeting was called to oonsider the propriety of asking {their present members to Stand for re-election. He thought they should be made acquainted with their members' views on the squatting question to see whether they agreed with their own. Mr. Dawbon thought they should place their views fairly before their candidates to forewarn them. Mr. A. Gbeig would then move," that this meeting ~ ap proves of Goyder's valuations, and think they Bhonld be upheld." Mr. H, Dawbon seconded with great pleasure, expressing a hope that the valuations would not be npset by any com bination or other power. - Mr. J. Thestrail wished to say a few words in support of the motion. He remarked that every elector was now called on to do his duty. What was the cause of the dissolution, was the question of the day, and he would pledge himself, and he Gaped they all would, not.to countenance any candidates who would not support Goyder's valuations. Toe squatters were a powerful class, and In foot were a strong political association, who met in secret and the country should oppose this strong influence by every means. He was sorry fie mem bers for the district were not present,-as he did not Hunk that ought to have been a preliminary meeting. The squat ters had had the land it years, and he believed from perso nal observations, that the valuations wen not excessive, nor was there a better man than Mr. Goyderto value Ike runs, as ne had frequently passed over the runs. Ha knew Mr Btyth'e views had been to uphold the valuations, and if he had changed his opinion he would change Us also and op pose him, but if he upheld the valuations he would stick to him. (Cheers.) They would soon be called on tataieSt"mem bers for the Upper House. He saw one writerJ?ttttJUvit ter named " Umpire " had been writing agatnst^rJJaerow and while Mr. Barrow (of the Adverti3erYhad been •Srysea lous and deserved the thanks of the country—(cheers)— the other paper, the Register, hardly came up to the mark. He contended that the squatters should not look np the land, bat should let other people have acoeas to it The land belonged to the pnbUc when the leases expired, and if they objected to the valuation let them go to auction. If the squatters were allowed five yean more they would buy op all the best land. (Cheers.) He met a squatter the other day and said " If you. give np your run I will take it,'' and he replied "No fear; when we leave them they will not be worth anyone else taking." (Cheers.) He cordially sup ported the motion, and urged them all not to vote for any man who would not uphold those valuations. The motion was carried unanimously amid cheers. Mr. H. Dawson thought there was another question npon which they should express their views. ?lz, free distil- - lailon and free trade. Probably someone would state what the consequence of having free distillation would be, as It would affect a variety of matters. Mr. A. Gbeio thought,.with, respect to the squatting question, that they ought farther to oome to some oondusion about declaring hundreds, whioh might be made virtually to set aside the valuations. They should see that their members would pledge themselves to vote against -any attempt to swindle them out of their valuations. (?r Dawson—"lndirectly.") No. it was directly, and not indi rectly. He moved—"That this meeting will not support any candidates who will you for the 7eoUmtion ofnun dreds exoept as agriculturists require It" Hr. J. Tbestbail did not wish to be promlnmt, bat he wonlddheerfiuiy second the motion. Mr. C Heritage moved as an -amendment " That this meeting pledges Itself not to support any candidates whose past oonductbas not proved that thelrinterests are identical with agriculturists." He thought they should not judge men so much by their professions as by their pastaotions, and bavins affirmedihat they would uphold Goyder's vain ations. They should not support any persons whose views were not identical with agriculturists. - They, as an agricul tural district, should be represented by agriculturists, and it was a disgrace to see so few farmers in the House. He should not have appeared there bat for the Important crisis which had now arrived. The amendment which he proposed would properly follow such a motion as they had just passed. Mr. J. Coao seconded the motion. Mr. W. Hicks asked whether such a resolution would interfile wUh land belngput up by auction at aix months* notice. He thought (hat the Government were upto every more on the board, and they had something, more to oonsider than merely Goyder's valuations. They had been culled long enough, and should not be now won over by smooth words andToorpulent personages. (Laughter, and cheers.) He saw scarcely a man In the House who had sought the generalgood of the colony. The great scramble had been for oqioe—(hear, bear)—and principle had gone to the bad. Mr. H. Dawson did not think Goyiler's valuations had anything to do with the declaration of Hundreds. Mr. A. Obigo, In reply, remarked-that from personal experience he thought if he or Mr. Hides applied tor land to be surveyed they would be told that It could not be done yet. bat the Government would take their-money and hold it for a length of time until a surveyor was passing the neighbourhood in which the land was situated. The squatters bad too long been picking- oat the best parts of the oountry, and hemmed on them not to allow the squatters to do this any longer. With reference to theamendment, he remarked that it was difficult to say whether their members had voted for Goyder's valuations. The present Government had de clined to embody their policy in the regulations, and the House winced at the idea, thinking that the valuation! might be put aside by a future Government. Mr. J. Tbestbah. remarked that it would be necessary for the Government to declare Hundreds tor agricultural purposes, and Mr. Greig-'s motion approved of this being done. The recent hundreds had been declared for squatting purposes.and it was to prevent this which the motion con templated. Mr. B. Rush remarked that sufficient opportunity had not been Riven for everyone to speak on this subject pre vious to Mr. Greig'a reply, and the proceedings had been too quickly carried on. Mr. Tbestbajx thought sufficient time had been given for the electors to express their views. The amendment and motion were then put. There were 16 hands for the amendment, and 16 for the motion. The Chaibxan gave bis easting vote for the motion. Mr. W. Cornish remarked that it was had policy to pub lish their views until they heard the members, as they were giving the candidates a capital ohahoe of galling them, be cause they might suit their views to those of the electors, and walk over the course. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman suggested that they should now proceed to the business of tfce meeting, viz., to oonsider whether they should ask the present members to stand again. Mr. J. Monfbies thought they should state their views on other questions. He asked, with respect to free distillation, whether it would be entirely free from all restrictions and official supervision. He did not approve of every one being allowed to make his own grog, as they would thereby have a drunken population. Nothing brought poverty Into the colony more than drink, and he thought spirits should be taxed higher than at present to prevent drunkenness. Mr. B. Rush supported Mr. Cornish's view,as it appeared very much like reading les?ons to their members, similar to schoolboys. Hr. WtL Sicks thought that sentiment wes rather oowardly, as they should let theirjnembers .know what the oonntry really required. (Hear hear.) fhere had been a general outcry for fine distillation, and if this was granted, a great many other questions would be affected thereby, and how would they make up the deficiency in the revenue ? Mr. J. Tbjestbau. thought they were <???n?^i.. g questions which should be done when their members were before them. He moved—"That our members be asked to meet the eleotors on Thursday next, at 3 o'clock, and give an account of their stewardship, and that any other candi dates be invited to attend." Mr. J. Dicker seoonded the motion. Mr. B. Bush combated Mr. Hicks's remarks about cowardice, and thought they should use some discretion in expressing their opinions- Mr. A. Gbeio thought It was a degrading view to take to think that the candidates would cut their views according to the opinions of the electors. He wished that the electors should express their views, but he did not want to move an amendment as he desired that their members should meet them. He differed from some remarks which had been made about free distillation, as he had experienced the want of it, and should vote for a man who would advocate It, other things being equal. The definition of free distillation was, according to Mr. Milne, the permission to every man to boll his own kettle. He made some further remarks upon the great restrictions and obstructions which at present sur rounded distillation. He did not think drunkenness would be promoted by rendering it free, and be quoted as an argu ment the condition of the people in countries where free dig - filiation was allowed, The motion was carried. Mr. 8. P&arce; laid on the table a requisition to the Hon. G. F. Angas to stand again for the Upper House, and wished to know if the electors would like to sign it Mr. J. Trestrail thought before they pledged themselves for any one for the Upper or Lower House, the candidates should attend central meetings and express their views. The original meeting having concluded, Mr. Forrest va cated the chair, and a vote of thanks was accorded to him Mr. Dawson was then called on to preside. Mr. J. Trestrau. then proposed a vote of thanks to the press, remarking emphatically that the thanks of the country were due to Mr. Barrow, although he bad, perhaps exceeded the bounds ot discretion In theheat of debate~^ Mr. W. Hicks remarked, that while thanks were due to Mr. Barrow, he thought the colony did notrequire a dio tator. I Mr. A. Grho did not think Mr. Barrow had assumed the office of dictator, but had endeavored to lead and not to j force. He therefore cordially supported tbJmoHon. 1 UrR.'^TTJ?,,? 1* a V******* *o either paper, but i Mr. Barrow had acted like a watchful dog when there was danger of their property being Stoned fron?tntm? n? thanks were accorded amid cheers, and acknowledged by the representatives ot the Advertiser and ChrordcU and tteAyfcfcr and Ofener. Mr. W. Cobctsh urged the electors to express their mutual views on the subject of free distillation. He thought this movement would be sgreat Injury to the colony, and would soon necessitate an expenditare of £30,000 for the erection of a new tattaUoa?ylain,a*drunkenneB would in crease insanity. . . Mr. J. Tbesthah. said the present system of distillation was so restrictive as to be almost prohibitory. He did not think free distillation would promote drunkenness, and he referred to France and other countries to show that cheap wine rather decreased that vice. Hr. J. MoHFOfEt thought foreigners must be differently conttituted to Britons If no drunkenness existed where dls tfllatton was free. He remembered that in Scotland, where spirits were cheap, there was a great deal of drunkenness. Hr. B. Bosh remarked that there was not sucha tendency In foreigners to drink spirits as there was among the people of Britain. Hr. W. Hicks said thty bad not to oonsider the morality of the question, bat the mod* of lalsme the revenue. The only substitute which could be found to bring: up the revenue would be a poll-tox, which was very otyeotionable. The meeting, however broke np about half-past tan o'clock without coming to any decision on the subject. 