ADELAIDE. Wednesday. 2000 bozos of candles wort sold to-day atlljd. to 121d. Holders noir ask 13d. Solomon and Co. Bold at nuotion the wholo of the sugars, ex Ayr, at 30«. to 4.0s. advance on previous rates, for crystals. ' NEWTOWN TOONO MEN'S MUTUAI,' IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION. - Tbe second half-yearly soirco of tho abovo was held on Monday night last, in tho Wesleyan School- room, Nowtown. There wa» a vory good attendance, tho room being well filled. The president of the association, Hov. J. Orara, took tho chair. Tba secretary (Mr. A. W. Falh'ck), rend the report, which , stated that tho association in its title bad undcrgono a change, tho term Wesleyan being expunged-it is now called the Nowtown Young MenV Mutual Improve- ment Association. Tho association during the first J quarter of tho past half- year was not so encouraging as was hoped, but tho lattor quarter has shown consider- able improvement, and an increase in membore. Essays had been road on "Perseverance," and "Tho Lifo of Luther; "TheXifo of the Duke of Wellington," and' " Recreation." Discussions on the following subjects : " USB maa ever had powor to forgiro sin ?" " Is Pre- destination a doctrine of tho Holy Scriptures?" " What is tho tcaohing of Scriptum-respecting food ?" Dobates: "Is capital punishment justifiable?'' "Ia tho character of Napoleon Buonaparte worthy of ad- miration?'' " Was tho treatment of tho Pantons by ' the Church of England justifiable?" There had been, also, scriptum readings, recitations, and miscellaneous readings. A library has boon formed. Tho following re- citations wore given : " An orator's first speech in parlia- ment ;" "Tho downfall of Poland;" "ThoLepor;" ''Mary, tho Maid of tho-Inn ¡"* "What is time;" " The Bridge of Sighs." Dialoguo ; " Sir E. Mortimer and Wilford." Reading: " Tho Majesty of the Redeemer." Also, the followiug selections cf music, viz.: "Zion Bing yo redeemed;.' "Hvmn of Evo;" " The Ghost," by desire, Mr. G. Russoll ; " Tho Black- smith's Son," Mr. Hardakor;"- "Thanksgiving and blessings." LUCEWIE HAY.-Wo understand that our towns- man, Dr. Thornton, has taken Portus'a Mill, with the intention 0£ making it a store for hay, to bo held in reservo for tho winter market; and that he is »ow laying in large quantities. As tho doctor has entered upon this oporation with vigour, thoso farmers who are inclinod to sell their hay at tho stack will bo enabled to realise fair current prices without thc dolor and risks attending Sidney market ; and tho speculation j will possibly answer tho purpose of all concerned, as ' tho storing of Bovcral hundred tons of hay in rcsorvc, instead of sending it nt once to market will tond to maintain, if not to raise prices, and consequently will benefit tho nrodueors. Wo are informed that it is Dr. Tliornton'8 intention, if tho speculation answers his ex- pectations, to repent tho experiment next year ; ¡md, so far as it is calculated to assist tho grower wo trust tho effort thus mado will bo sufficiently remunerative to oncourago porsoveranco j Tho Bchomo is a part fulfilment of a courso suggested a fotv weeks eiuce, and is ono which might advan taacously bo oxlundod to other articles produced hero. Tho Bending to market of all kinds of produce, in small quantities, just as tho convenience or necessity of ' tho producer may diotate, without regard lo tho condi- tion of tho market or tho requirements of consumers, ia a commercial blunder ; and tho establishment of warehouses or stores in tho district and close to tho wharfs, with capital sufficient to cnablo tho storera to pay cash nnd hold tho goods until they may bo in demand, would be a source of advantago to tho wholo I community. Wo trust, thoroforo, Hint tho venturo may terminate so os to induce others to follow it with respoot to produce in goneral -Morpeth Leader. PATERSON.-A little boy, aged five years, was drowned at Tocal, on Wednesday last It appsars the little boy, with an elder brothor, both sous of Mr. Samuel Brotherson, waro caught fishing in Webber's Creek, on tho aftornoon of tho bofore-mentioncd day, and ordered away, by a young man of tho name of Griffiths. They left tbe creek as they wore ordered, but must soon after havo roturocd, as scarcoly half-an hour olapsed before it waa reported tho boy was drowned. Mr. Frank Reynolds, on hearing of tho occurrence, immediately hastancd to tho spot, and plunged in, and after sevoral repealed attempts brought the body; t« the surfsno, bnt life was extinct A magisterial inquiry was hold on tho body on Thursday morning, by E. O. Cory, Esq., and a vordiet of occi- dental drowning returned.-During tho past few woelis . considorablo siokncsi has been prevalent in this town and neighbourhood chiefly amongst children, but as vet only ono or two caeca hara preved fatal. Our harvest is over, and tho wheat is now all housed, and tho thrashing machines aro busily engaged. But littlo wheat has as yet como to marltot for sale. We have lind foarfully hot weather during tho past week. Nearly all out-door work had to bo suspended on Wednesday, Thursday, imd Friday. Wo'havo not experienced such hot weather for. nomo , years past as wns experienced on thoso days. Tho hot weather broke last ovoning; a fow showers of rain havo'fallen to-day, and it has become quito cool.-Maitland Mercury. J MKKSnB. OIIAB. Mo»ni: ANTI CO liare Knuastoit m to illr«ct tho ntlcnlliin of Wnruhouuomon, Di-ajion), GloUilera. mid Ilia Tindo, lo their Solo of n Varied Aaiorrmcnl of oeaaonublo TJriipery. Summer Clothing, Ac, Thia Day, at ll o'cloolt, at tholr llomiiB, I'ltt-Mrcot, Mr, ll. ll. COOKIIUIIN rnquoftln un In cull tho attention of Knuinocrs, 'Ab'ricultunil Maclilno-uitiliuri*, ntiil oilier«, to lil» Snip, TM* Day, at thc Willow Treu Work*, York-*Uv:l, In tlir Insolvent Estate, of W. lJl.uit' , 