THE GLASGOW MURDERS. 1 THE THIN! AND CONFESSION OF DR. PRITCHARD, J.) fr. nd and 3 in At 10 o'clock on Monday morning, July 8,, the trial of Dr. Pritchard, on the charge of' murdering his wife and mother-in-law, commenced in the High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, before the Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Ardmillan, and Lord Jervis wood. The court room was crowded, and many were disappointed in obtaining admission. The indictment charged the prisoner with administering tar tarised antimony, aconite, and opium to his mother-in-law, Jane Cowper Taylor, in tapioca and in porter or beer, and in a medicine called Battley's sedative solution, between the 10th and 25th of February, 1865; and it also charged him with administering on repeated occasions in February and March, 1865, terrorised antimony and aconite to his wife, Mary Jane Taylor Pritchard, in articles of food and of medicine. so-... The prisoner entered the dock- at 10 o'clook exactly, dressed in deep mourning. He was calm and self-possessed, and looked coolly round the court when he had taken his seat. He is a stout, well-built man, prepossessing in, appearance, and with sharply defined features. He wears his hair long, and has a large bushy beard, but no moustache. The prisoner's brother, Charles Augustus Pritchard, secretary to the naval commander-in-chief, Plymouth, by permission of the court took his seat beside him in the dock, and remained with him all day. The prosecution was conducted, in the absence of of the Lord Advocate in London, by the Solicitor General, assisted by Mr. Gifford and Mr. Chrichton, advocate's deputy; the defence was conducted by Mr. A. R. Clarke, Mr. William Watson, and Mr. David Brand, advocates. The prisoner's counsel moved the court to separate the two charges of murder, on the ground that it embarrassed the defence to try the two crimes together. The court unanimously refused to grant the request. The prisoner was then called on to plead to the indictment, and in a clear distinct voice he pleaded " Not guilty," and a jury having been empanelled, the evidence for the prosecution commenced about half- past 11 o'clock. The remainder of the day was occupied by the examination of five witnesses, three of whom were merely formal, and occupied only a few minutes. The two important witnesses were Catherine Latimer and Mary M'Leod. The jury retired to consider their verdict about twenty minutes past 1 o'clock, and returned in about an hour with an unanimous verdict of "Guilty " on both charges. 9 The Lord Justice Clerk then sentenced the prisoner to be executed at Glasgow on the 28th of July, and in passing sentence said that the verdict of the jury proceeded upon evidence which could leave no reasonable doubt on the minds of those by whom it was considered. The prisoner, who had maintained great com- posure throughout the five days of the trial, seemed greatly affected when the verdict was pronounced, and leant slightly on the policemen sitting beside him, but while the sentence was being recorded be completely regained his com- posure, and after sentence was passed upon him he bowed to the judge, and also to the jury, before leaving the dock. After Dr. Pritchard's conviction he was removed from the bar of the Justiciary Court to the cell below, where he partook of tea. immediately on reaching the cell where the refreshments were set, he said to one of the policemen who had charge of him?" I'm home cost of this charge." This was the only remark he made. On going to take his place in the van he covered his face with his hat to prevent the large crowd through which he had to pass gazing upon him. On the ensuing night, July 7, the prisoner was very restless, take a person in a fever. He only slept about an hour. There were three warders with him all night who engaged in religious exercises, the prisoner joining willingly with them. He frequently asserted his innocence to those around them, and said he had been convicted by mistake. It appears he was so confident that the verdict would be in his favor that on the Gili he stated to those around him that he would immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi. On Saturday morning, July 8, Dr. Pritchard was removed from the Calton Gaol, Edinburgh, to Glasgow, under the charge of a criminal officer and three assistants. The prisoner was attired in the black dress suit which he had on during the trial. Before leaving the gaol he was shackled to the officers, and he remained fastened in this way throughout the journey. He appeared quite composed and looked about him with the utmost coolness. His departure was witnessed by a large number of persons who had assembled on the platform. The following extracts are from Dr. Pritchard's diary : ?" 17th February, 1865 Died here at 1 a.m., Mary Jane, my own beloved wife, aged 38 years; no torment surrounded her bedside, but, like a calm, peaceful Lamb of God, passed Minney away May God and Jesus, Holy Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer till mine be o'er, everlasting love. Save us, Lord, for thy dear Son." CONFESSION OF' DR. riUTOUABD. The convict shortly after made a written confession of the murder of his wife. The prisoner confessed his guilt to Mr. Oldham, Episcopalian clergyman, in a private manner, but Mr. Oldham requested that Pritchard should write the confession, and he did so. The confession states that Mary M'Leod, the servant girl, was aware that he was poisoning his wife, and that on the evening of his wife's death, when he administered a dose of chloroform, M'Leod was present. Prisoner gives us a motive for poisoning his wife, his improper intimacy with M'Leod; and dailies that he poisoned his mother-in-law, Mrs, Taylor who, he says, died from an overdose of Butlloy's solution. He confessed to having drugged the solution found in her pocket after death, but denies that it was poisoned before she expired. It is said that when his brother, sister, and daughter were present with him the day previous to his confession, the latter had kneeled in the cell, and prayed him, if he had poisoned her mamma, to confess; and it is alleged that he then acknowledged his guilt. The following is a copy of the confession :? " I, Edward William Pritchard, M.D., M.R, U.S.E., and L.A.S., ac, hereby make in writing, in the presence of the Rev. R. S. Oldham, M.A., the following confession, for transmission by him to the proper authorities It was when my wife was at Ardontinny, in the summer of 1863, that I first became intimate with the girl Mary M'Leod, sleeping with her at my house at 22 Royal-crescent. This continued at intervals up to the time of our removal to 131, Sauchiehall street. She became pregnant in May last year, and with her own consent I produced a miscarriage. I have reason to be lieve that Mrs. Pritchard was quite aware of this, and rather sought to cover my wickedness and folly. My mother-in-law, Mrs. Taylor, came last February to our house, and caught Mary M'Leod and myself in the consulting room and the day before her death, having apparently watched us, she said to me in the same room, you have locked her in the cupboard,' which was true ; but nothing more passed. I declare Mrs. Taylor to have died in the manner I have stated and I now believe her death to have been caused by an overdose of Battley's solution of opium. 'The aconite found in that bottle was put in by me after her death, and designedly left there in order to prove death by misadventure in case any inquiry should take place. Mrs. Pritchard was much better immediately after hermollier'sdeathjbutsubscquontly he came exhausted for want of sleep. I accounted for this by the shock produced by her mother's death and hardly knowing how to act, at her own earnest request I gave her chloroform. It was about midnight; Mary M'Leod was in the room, and in an evil moment (being besides somewhat excited by whisky) I yielded to the temptation to give her sufficient to cause death, which I did. I therefore declare before God, as a dying man, and in the presence of my spiritual adviser, that I am innocent of the crime of murder, so far as Mrs. Taylor is concerned, but acknowledge myself guilty of the adultery with Mary M'Leod and the murder of my wife. I feel now as though I had been living in a species of madness since my connection with Mary M'Leod and I declare my solemn to sentence of my crime, earnestly praying that I may obtain Divine forgiveness before I built the penalty of the law Edward William Prit- chard." Witnesses i John Stirling, governor j R. S. Oldham, and John Mutrie. North Prison, Glasgow, July 14; 1865. After the publication of the above confession, the convict was visited by the Rev. Dr. Norman Macleod, the Rev. Dr. Miller, the Rev. Mr. Reid, Episcopalian clergyman, and the prison chaplain. It is said that after the prisoner had remarked to one of his spiritual advisors that his confession was true, he was told that not a word of it was believed out of doors, and that he the minister himself? was of the same opinion. The prisoner, it is alleged, then lay back, and looking calmly towards the ceiling of his cell, expressed himself to the effect that he had often wondered why Christ while on earth had experienced such difficulty in dealing with unbelievers ; but that after the minister's remark he was not neAr surprised. On another occasion it is said that the convict began railing at his - trial, ¦ and finding fault with the judge and his leading counsel, who, he said, he believed was in league with the Crown authorities. On being reminded that a person in his position should not give vent to such expressions, he made a remark to the oii'cct that he could ascend the scaffold with a smile upon his face. Some days afterwards, however, whether influenced by what his spiritual adviser had told him respecting the universal disbelief in his statement, or actuated by his own feelings, the convict made another confession, withdrawing the former one. Here it is in full: Confession by Edward William Pritchard, and made in the presence of an all- seeing God, and of the Rev. T. Watson Reid, my present spiritual adviser, on the 19th day of July, 1865, at Glasgow prison, for communication to the proper authorities. I, Edward William Pritchard, in the full possession of all my senses, and understanding the awful position in which I am placed, do make free and open confession that the sentence pronounced upon me is just; that I am guilty of the death of my mother-in-law Mrs. Taylor, and of my wife, Mary Jane Pritchard that I can assign no motive for the conduct which actuated me beyond a species of terrible madness and the use of ardent spirits. I hereby freely and fully state that the confession made to the Rev. R. S. Oldham on the 11th day of this month was not true, and I hereby confess that I alone, not Mary M'Leod, poisoned my wife in the way brought out in evidence at my trial; that Mrs. Taylor's death was caused according to the wording of the indictment I further state to be true s and the main facts brought out on my trial I hereby fully acknowledge, and now plead wholly and solely guilty thereto, and may God have mercy on my soul! I pray earnestly for repentance not to be repented of, and for forgiveness from Almighty God, through the intercession of our blessed Redeemer, Mediator, and Advocate, Jesus Christ the Lord and Saviour. Fellow creatures, pray for me, and let me add I am in charity with all men. I have now to record my humble thanks to all who have taken part in any way for my interest. First to their lordships the judges for their great patience, forbearance, and careful consideration of my case, and to the gentlemen of the jury; to all the officials; I cannot help mentioning the clerk of the High Court of Jus- ticiary, the Governor (Mr. Smith) of the Edinburgh Gaol, the chaplain, Rev. Mr. Russell, Head Warder Nelson, Warders John Living- stone and Mackintosh; the Governor of Glasgow Prison, Mr. Stirling; Mr. Armour, head warder j chaplain, Mr. Doran; his assistants, Messrs Hogg and Troup ; Warders Mutrie, Thomson, &c.; j to Drs. Leishman and Dewar, surgeons to Glasgow prison; and Dr. Simpson, of Edinburgh gaol. To the non-official my heartfelt thanks are specially due; to the Rev. Dr. Miller, of Free St. Matthew's, Glasgow; and to other ministers who have written me, not adding their names j Dr. Norman Macleod, may God bless him; and to my owjiLn'mcdiato faith-professors, Rev. R. S. Oldham and Rev. T. Watson Reid; to the police authorities Super intendant M'Call and police at the control office, Glasgow; to sergeant Stewart, of the Edinburgh police force; and the sheriff's officers, Wilson, of Glasgow, and Ferguson, of Edinburgh and to many others whose courtesy and kindness I cannot forget; above all to Sir Archibald Alison, Sheriff, &e;, for his humane, gentle treatment while undergoing his legal duties. May each and all accept the thanks of a dearly penitent sinner, and may Heaven be their reward, is the last prayer of Edward William Pritchard." There is also connected with Dr. Pritchard another case on which perhaps he may be able to throw some light: some three or four years ago a female servant in his employ was found burned to death in his house. She was found lying on her back on the bed, with the lower part of her person much burned, and the door was locked, but the key could not be discovered. At the time the case excited grave suspicion that she did not come by her death fairly, and it seemed incredible that a woman who was burnt to death should be found lying on her back. She naturally would have endeavoured to save herself, and the inference drawn from the odd circumstances was that the unfortunate young woman was already dead before the bed took or. was set on fire. In reference to this circumstance, a Glasgow journal observes:? Some facts have come to our knowledge even' rested with the mysterious burning of the servant in his house in Borkeloy-torrnce, calculated to throw a deeper, shade of suspicion over the occurrence than anything in the account of it contained in the narratives of the calamity. It is quite true that the door of the room where the servant was sleeping was looked, but it was not quite so certain that it was looked from the inside. The key was not in the look, but was found by Dr. Pritchard in a room full of smoke, lying on the bed where the servant lay charred and lifeless. Nobody saw the key until it was in the doctor's hand, and how he could have so readily found it in so unlikely a place, amidst the dense and almost suffocating smoke, remains a mystery that we fear points only to one solution. On another matter viz., the motive for the double murder of which he has been found guilty? considerable light is thrown by his relations with a wealthy heiress in Glasgow. The young lady in question had some £14,000 in her own right. Dr. Pritchard was on visiting and generally pretty familiar terms with the heiress, upon whom, simple and unsuspecting to a degree, no blame rests. Aware of her resources, the doctor sought a loan of some money. Before giving it, the young lady consulted a friend, who advised that the money should not be given. The advice was acted upon, and the refusal broke up the correspondence. The hiatus in the intercourse thus created rendered it impossible for the prosecution to introduce this episode into the trial. ; but, had matters all gone right, it is easy to perceive what light it would have shed upon the one point in the case on which no light fell in court, and no light has yet fallen in his confession. . Dr. Patterson, of Glasgow, has addressed a long letter to the Glasgow Herald, in vindica- tion of his conduct in not having communicated to anybody his suspicion that Mrs. Pritchard was being poisoned :? " Suppose," he says, " that I had been such an obvious fool as to have acted in the manner suggested by the learned counsel for the prisoner, and also by the Lord Justice Clerk, I would have been a rash and bold man indeed, as sensibly observed by the Solicitor- General. Had I denounced Pritchard to his face, or stated my suspicions, what I should like to know, would have been my position ? Pritchard could have brought forward no less than three medical friends, all Edinburgh graduates, viz., Professor Gairdner, and Drs. Cowan and Taylor, not one of whom suspected Mrs. Pritchard was being poisoned by antimony 1 Would the diagnosis of a Glasgow graduate have been believed for one moment when opposed by such a galaxy of professional talent and experience in consultation ? And this, too, at a time when there could be no post-mortem examination nor chemical analysis to bear me out in the correct- ness of my opinion." The immediate consequence would have been most assuredly an action for heavy and ruinous damages. It is all very fine for Mr. Clark to chaff me with being afraid of my purse and afraid of my person (Heaven knows my purse is right enough when he well knew that he was purposely and designedly misleading the public and the press by subtly making appear that it was Mrs. Pritchard's death certificate that I had re), fused to give, and at the same time totaU'y know mg the fact that it was Mrs. Taylor's, who died three weeks before her daughter, and also with fully ignoring the fact of my letter to the registrar, in which letter I did all that should have been required for the purpose of saving Mrs. Pritchard's life had the registrar done his duty. Even as it was after Pritchard's apprehension, but before the analysis was known the relatives characterised me as a villain, and vowed they would have me banished; and Borne portion even of the Glasgow press hold me forth as a moral coward, a stabber in the dark, and the whole matter was regarded as a cruel piece of malignant professional jealousy," In a postscript Dr. Patterson, in fairness and in common justice to himself, calls upon the. editors of all those newspapers and public journals who may have reported the Pritchard case to give his letter full insertion, so as to counteract the false and erroneous impressions which have been propagated through their medium, that he, as a medical man, stuck so much on the etiquette of his profession that he would do nothing to save the life of a human being whom he suspected of being poisoned; and thus, I trust," he concludes, " I shall yet rise like the phoenix, out of my own ashes from the great conflagration which some of the public journals, I hope and trust in total ignorance, have studiously endeavored to heap upon me." The convict keeps cold and composed, spend- ing the whole day in reading the few books supplied out of the prison library, eating well and sleeping soundly. An application has already been received from a person ambitious of officiating on the morning of the execution. This rival to Calcraft, although quite unknown on the platform of the British gallows, states that he qualified himself for the task by a short but arduous apprenticeship during the mutiny in India, where he made his first essay amongst the rebel sepoys. The authorities, it is stated, have agreed to employ Calcraft, The following account of the criminal will probably be read with some interest:? Edward William Pritchard is the son of Mr, John White Pritchard, a captain in the Royal navy, and was born in 1825, at Southsea, Hants. After going through the usual preliminary education, he was apprenticed in September, 1840, to Messrs. Edward John and Charles Henry Scott, surgeons of considerable practice in Portsmouth. During his apprenticeship he is stated to have assiduously studied the elementary branches of his profession and conducted himself with great propriety. On the completion of his apprenticeship, he come to London, and entered on his hospital studies at King's College, in October, 1843 these, also, he prosecuted with great zeal, and his friends being desirous that he should enter the naval service of his country, he memorialised the authorities at the College of Surgeons to be allowed to offer himself for examination at an earlier period than was at that time allowed; his application having been granted, he appeared before the Court of Examiners, on the 20th of May, 1846, and, after the usual examination, was admitted a member of the college. He then underwent an examination before the Navy board, and was duly gazetted an assistant-surgeon in" her Majesty's Navy, and has several relatives in the combatant branch of that service. Those who know what the position of the medical officer in the royal navy was at that time, and which is not much improved at the present time, will not be surprised that a highly educated and accomplished Surgeon should endeavor to emancipate himself from such thraldom. He therefore embraced the first opportunity, and resigned all connection with the royal navy, and determined on seeking private practice. Finding it was necessary to possess a double qualification, he presented himself before the Society of Apothecaries, and having passed the examination was admitted a licentiate of the hall. He had previously obtained (it is believed by purchase) the "M.D." of Erlangen. He then proceeded to Glasgow, where he practised with great success, until his apprehension for a crime, second only, in atrocity to that of the notorious William Palmer. While waiting for practice he sought amuse- ment and profit in the use of his pen, and became a laborious contributor to the advance- ment of general and medical science; many of his papers are distributed through the pages of the Medical Times and Gazette, and the Lancet, the transactions of the Pharmaceutical, Obstetrical and King's College Medical Societies. He was the author of a " Visit to Pitcairn Island," " Observations on Friday as a Watering Place," The Guide to Filey and its Antiquities," Coast Lodgings for the Poor of Cities," &c.; Dr. Pritchard was a follow and member of nearly twenty learned societies and institutions in the United Kingdom, and medical officer to several life assurance offices. In personal appearance the convict is a tall, slightly- built man, about 5 feet 10 inches or 11 inches in height, with sharp pointed features, aquiline nose, and does not appear older than the ago stated viz., forty-one years. Pnovsnas. Pbeskbved by Joshua Bh> INGS. Don't swop with your relations unless you can afford to give them the big end of the trade. Marry young, and, if circumstances require it, often. If you can't get good clothes and education, too, get the clothes. Say "How are you P " to everybody. Kultivate modesty, but mind and keep a a good stock of impudence on hand. Beo charitable?threo-cent pieces were made on purpose. It costs more to carry than it does to buy. If a man flatters you, you can kalkerlata he's a rogue, or you are a false. Keep both are open, but don't see mom half you notes. If you wish for fame, go into a graveyard and scratch yourself _ ngin a turn stone. Young man, be more anxious about the pedigree you going to leave than you are about the war somebody's going to leave j oil. She is like weeds?solfsono and sure to sum. Two lovers, like two armies, generally get along quietly until they are engaged. BrOTHER Ignatius has given a lecture in St. Martin's hall, Long-acre, for the purpose of of raising funds for the monastery which he purposes to build in the East Anglican capital. The rev. brother was attired in the costume of a Benedictine monk, and displayed a handsome countenance, showing traces of his asceticism, and somewhat improved in its aspect by the peculiar appearance of the tonsure. His subject was a defence of monasticism as an institution of the Church Catholic. How was if he asked, that we had not monasteries throughout the length and breadth of the land ? Was the institution a new fangled notion? Was it a strange, unauthorised, and unsanctioned idea Were. monastic institutions peculiar to the Church of Rome ? It was only since the time of Henry VIII., when the English Church was robbed of her religious houses, that the notion got into use that they were Romish institutions. Why, even Ridley pleaded the cause of those institutions. The Greek Church, which dented the Pope's supremacy, had her monasteries. St. Augustine, of Canterbury, established those institutions in England, St. Columba established them- in, Scotland, and many of them were also planted in Wales. Nothing could be plainer than that monasticism was taught in the infallible Word of God, every word of which he believed to be inspired by the Holy Ghost. There it was taught more clearly than the doctrine of tho Trinity, or the obliga- tion of regarding the first day of the week: after holiday. St. Chrysostom, St. Ignatius, and St. Jerome, were celibates. Christ was a virgin and the son of a virgin. All the apostles were month; they were either unmarried or had run away from their wives. He did not want any of his hearers to become monks; he thought those who devoted themselves to God had chosen the better port, but Jesus only could make a monk. Every man had his own gift from God, and all had not been called as he had been. No doubt corruptions had existed in monasteries, but was that a sufficient argument against the system ? He concluded by urging his hearers to support the only monastery of the Church of England, by contributing to the collection at the doors for the building of their chapel. The lecture was then terminated by a short prayer, 