REVIEW. THE LOT OF THE CHURCH "Sdfpbbings and trials the lot of the Church," is the title of a sermon preached by the Rev. Thomas Jones, curate of the Wickham Terrace Church, Brisbane. The preface tells us that it was printed in consequence of a formal requisition from the churchwardens on behalf of some of the members of the congregation, that it should be published, " that it in any extend its influence beyond the congregation to which it was more immediately addressed." The author says :?" I have felt at this important crisis of the Church's history in Queensland and the colonies generally I could not consistently refuse, if the sermon was calculated to serve any good purpose to the Church." From the sermon itself it is to bo inferred that the proposed legislation on the affairs of the Church of England in this colony was the occasion of its delivery, and of the views pro period therein. "I have," says Mr. Jones, " taken this view of my subject, because in our own Legislature attempts are. being made to sap the very foundations of that Church, and to alter that constitution which has been consecrated by the blood of so many noble martyrs, and which, for centuries, has been held dear by our forefathers and for the consequences of all this innovation few of you, I fear, are careful. But it becomes you well to look to your rights and privileges (for they are your birthright) if you do care for the ministrations of her orders, and services, and Sacraments, for I believe that Church might perish from your midst, and scarce a tear from those who call themselves her members, roach for bier.". It is intended to review this sermon now, that our readers may infer for themselves how far its views and teaching " are calculated to serve any good purpose to the Church." Till Mr. Jones arose to teach us better, we labored under the conviction that the word " Church," as used in the New Testament by the Apostles, conveyed the meaning of " a calling out" fekMesia) age., of those called out to be saints and holy and witnesses to the world of the One who calls men to be like Him men whose faith depends upon their calling, and not their calling upon their faith. " The Church" in Scripture means " a called body." In the passages more than one hundred in which this word occurs, it moons in its grand sense, the same as the Kingdom of Heaven in the Parables. Thus, (in Her. c. 12 v. 25.) where " the General Assembly and Church" is spoken of; so too, where " the Church of Christ," " the Church of God," in the singular is spoken of; of the Churches of Christ, or of God," collectively, in other passages. Then we read of particular Churches in particular places, as of Jerusalem, at Antioch, where the nick name of" Christians" was first contemptuously applied to the followers of Christ by the unbelievers ; again, "the [Churches throughout all Judea and Galilee, and Samaria," which are said to have had rest;" the "Churches" in Syria, Cilicia, and so forth. Again, the " Church of the Hebrews, in the wilderness which received the lively oracles to give unto us." by a narrower sense still, it means a congregation met together in one place ; when it approaches our meaning of the word?" a meeting," and is in this house translated " assembly" in that chap- ter of the Acts which describes the " meeting" in the Theatre at Ephesus, a meeting which Demetrius and his fellow silversmiths got up in defence of " Diana of the Ephesians" and her silver shrines. " Robbers of Churches," however, occurring in the same chapter, should be translated " robbers of temples."- And finally, another meaning still narrower is used, as in the Church that is in a household." But in all the sacred meanings of the word Church the idea is uniform of" a called body." The whole Church is that of which Christ is " the Head over all things in the Church, which is His body, the fulness of Him that filleth all in all." [This last meaning of the word is what the title of the sermon would lead us to look for in the whole sermon, where not otherwise limited ; while the text would cause one to imagine that the lot of the Church would be illustrated by the example of the lot of a Church, that, namely, of Smyrna in the Revelation.] ' .' stir. Jones is somewhat vague, both in the use of the word Church and in his account of the Church of Smyrna at " the time of great trial thereto" which he speaks of. He is somewhat vague, too, on a much \- debated question involved in Bib assertion that " It was indeed a time [The. when the Church in Smyrna was addressed] of great trial to the Church of Smyrna." To this day the date of the Revelations is hotly disputed. It is disputed whether the Church of Smyrna herself was addressed rather than the Coptic Church. St. John himself speaks of the Angel of the Church in Smyrna as exposed to severe persecutions; Mr. Jones says the Church, in Smyrna was. St. John says the persecutions to which the Angel of that Church was exposed arose from the unbelieving Jews who were so outwardly and in name, -that inwardly were a Synagogue of Satan; Mr; Jones says the persecutions alluded to are those caused by the Romans against Polycarp! At the same time, he can quote Polycnrp's words that speak of his having been a disciple of Christ 86 years, is. about the end of the second century, when St. John had been dead nearly a hundred year's I No, if we are to road St. John's words as applicable to the angels or bishops in the Churches addressed, why make them extend to other persons. If we are to confine them to the time in which they were written, why extend them nearly a century ? If nearly all the persecutions of the first century proceeded from the Synagogue, why drag in the Roman persecutions ? St. John tells us one thing, Mr. Jones' tells us another. That is palpable. Is that calculated to serve any good purpose to the Church? Mr. Jones tells us that the Church of Smyrna had ever been a suffering Church;" at the same time he quotes Polycarp's' words from a letter written in her name,. when that Church was enjoying a a period of rest! . Mr. Jones tells us that " the present position of that Church is another proof of God's faithfulness. Anototo explain its present position would have been acceptable to us. .... Mr. Jones dwells with commendable earnest- ness on the necessity of suffering to make a (wo beg pardon the Church and churchmen perfect. He does not dwell much, if at all, upon the merit and need of patience. We do not remember " Taylor in 'connect tion with Cranmer, Ridley, and Latimer at the take and here another note would have been acceptable to the reader. . ¦, Mr. Jones does justice to the men who drove their Sovereign from the throne, because they loved their Church better ; he passes over those who made a royal martyr with Burglar motives Mr. Jones seems somewhat to antedated the recovery of the (English) Church from sloth and carelessness in those who ought to h8vebeenhornursingfnthers"buthotells us the Church is in danger? if she be in danger from the coldness and the laxity, the wavering attachment of you who ought to be her best friends." We believe the danger is imaginary: certainly the causes stated are so. Where did Mr. Jones learn that " to seem zealous for that (as., the English Church is counted bigotry amongst us?" Who ever branded as intolerant those Anglicans who desire their Church " to do her own work, to leave those who differ from her to do theirs?" Another foot-note would be acceptable to explain that. Mr- Jones exhorts his congregation to adopt rarity toward all men as their motto, what he appears to use the words " charity" and " charitable" to other denominations in the restricted sense of " tolerance" and tolerant." We thought charity was more than a passive virtue. We cordially agree with me sentimentality is not from without our V". the English Church has to fear her dangers, it is from false friends within;" and there are more of these than Mr. Jones dreams of in the passage quoted from (he sermon at ', a club Plainly see that fair. Jones uses the RC? Church not only in its scriptural sense, but also in the unscriptural sense, of an estate used organisation, or "establishment" us seine call it. Certainly, in no other sense can it wtruothat "our own Legislature" eau "sap the very foundations of that Church." Mr, Jones, we conclude, does not, therefore, imagine the Apostles and Prophets to be the foundation upon which " the establishment" is built, with Christ himself as "the chief corner-stone." Yet, speaking of " that Church," he quotes the promise "The gates of Hell shall not prevail against it." What does Meriones mean? Does he regard the Lord Chancellor as in league with the informers against the foundations of " that Church ?" Or is fair. JIaokonzio ? Or are both agreed and determined to look upon Bishops as " creatures of the law ?" We can- not say what he means. What a glorious vagueness there is about the whole sermon. We have read it over and over again to find its merit, which Mr. Jones tells us in his preface, " if it has any, is in its sim- plicity." The language, indeed, is simple enough. Here is a specimen:? " Truly, beloved brethren, we may be disappointed at the result of our efforts and labors to make a goodly number in that Church (i.e. of England's richly blessed, so highly favored in her means of grace more prayerful, more Bible loving, more devotional to remove from her the imputation that she is neither hot nor cold; we may be wounded at heart by the coldness and desertion of those who ought to be her friends, and lovers, and most faithful champions and worshippers; but still there is the promise for us, ' Lo, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world' or that other, ' The gates of hell shall not prevail against it;' or, in the words of my text, 'Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer.' As we look back upon the past struggles of that Church (of England) we may take heart and hope, and believe that He who has done so much by her, and chosen her for such a great work in the world, shall numbers her, with all her infirmities, among His brightest jewels at the last, in the kingdom of His redeemed. With His blessing with us, why should we fear for the results so long as we are faithful ? Surely ' It is better to trust in the Lord than to put any confidence in man 1 It is better to trust in the Lord than to put any confidence in' princes! Yes, she will then, when all nations, and kindreds, and people, and tongues, are gathered before the throne and before the Lamb, be found to have borne a most noble testimony for the truth, of which her Lord and Saviour will not be un- mindful. Nay, my brethren, she does it now, avoiding the extremes of Puritanism, on the one hand, and the errors of the Papacy on the other, she does still, as she has ever done, stand forward the noblest, the bravest, the truest champion for the simple truth as it is in Jesus, her Lord and Master very God, yet very Man. I Shnttered and better she may be, but she shall arrive safely at the haven at Inst. Others may live to outnumber her (numbers are no true sign of souls won to God but it shall not be till the glory of her name has departed from the country she has nourished so well? the blessing which has gone with her heretofore shall not forsake her now. Only lot her ministers, only let her children, be faithful to her, and she shall yet be the glory of many lands; year, of this country in which we dwell, as of old j the tried and faithful nurse of that wholesome truth which has formed those noble characters who have made our land and nation what it is of Hint wholesome truth which is our chief boast, our highest glory, and shall be till that fatal word ' Ichabod' is written on her palaces, on her marks, on heroines, and on her temples." Woe worth the day! when the Church of England is defended by those who have no clear conception of what the Church is, who know neither her history, nor the history of the Church. The words of the mighty Milton occur vividly to our. minds, and with them we sorrowfully conclude this reviewed If then it I appears so hard and so little known how to govern a house well, which is thought of so easy discharge and for every man's undertaking, what skill of man, what wisdom, what parts can be sufficient to give laws and ordinances to the elect household of God? If we could imagine that He had left it at random, without His provi- dent and gracious ordering, who is he so arrogant, so presumptuous, that durst dispose and guide | the living Ark of the Holy Ghost, though he should find it wandering in the field of I BotliBhomosh, without the conscious warrant of | some high colling ? " * Sufferings and trials the lot of the Church, a sermon preached in the Wickham Terrace Church, on Sunday morning, May 21, 1865, by the Rev. Thomas Jones, curate. Published by request. Brisbane : Printed and published by T. P. Pugh, Queen-street, 1865. t The citizens of Antioch were famous for giving nicknames. That the word was a nickname may be inferred from intrinsic evi' dence. First, that it is said that " The disciples were first called " Christians in Antioch," Acts xi, 26.' The original word for " to be called" occurs with like force in Romans vii., 3. Secondly, that besides the above passage, the word occurs in the New Testament only in two other passages : one in the famous words of the un- believing King Agrippa to Paul. " Almost a thou persuade me to be a Christian " as you are nicknamed j and the other, in the first Epistle of Peter (eli apter iv.) Yet if any man suffer as a Christian (t. e. be reproached for the name of Christ,) let him not be ashamed." This was because the word was a reproach; how noble the word has become now! 