*ri)£ Saunet» Jiríoiníns Herald. MONDAY, AUGUST 7, 1855. 'I in: long period which has elapsed since immigration in any volume was effected by the agency of Government has given all parties leisure to examine into the consequences of its stoppage in the old forms, and its comparative inefficacy under the new. We do not imagine that any amount of experience will alter the votes of some with whom it is now necessary to reckon in all public measures. The arguments which are adduced to shew the importance of immigration to the continued prosperity of a country too often fall on cars unwilling to listen, and upon interests purely personal and transient. Those who look upon the question only in its effect upon current wages draw their conclusions only from the old theory that, if two masters are in search of one man, his wages are high and that if one master awaits the application of two workmen wages are low. It is perfectly true that the demand for the moment affects, if it does not entirely determine, the rate of wages. If, however, it were possible for such persons to move one step beyond this theory, and to look at the operation of other causes in influencing the rate of wages, they would come to a different conclusion. The increase of labour leads to the increase of production and the greater amount produced to the opening of new markets, and, by render- ing the operations of commerce more independent of local caprices, enables the mercantile world to calculate beforehand prices and profits. Thus the steady employment afforded by the rising and growing competition would give in the long run an equal amount of wages - probably superior in effect, because more durable. If the amount of employment affects the rate of wages, the rate of wages influences the demand for labour also. They both act and re-act upon each other. There are numerous enterprises which, if prosecuted in the colonies, would yield as large a return to the workman as any in existence ; but they cannot be attempted, because they require certainty in their operations. Not to be able to obtain necessary labour,. or to have it influenced by every personal caprice, would be to render the undertaking utterly unprofitable. Whenever persons enter upon these enterprises they sit down and calculate the means at their disposal. The first point is to secure sufficient labour. If this cannot be obtained the whole scheme is taken out of the category of ordinary speculation, and placed more or less upon the gambling list. What therefore would be deemed a sufficient profit to justify the invest- ment of capital were it subject only to the ordinary laws where labour is always accessible, would be inadequate to justify a venture, if, besides other accidents which influence the success of an undertaking, it were liable to be stopped or rendered profitless by strikes always threatened and frequently recurring. It must be remembered too that the deficiency of labour in making such interruptions exposes a capitalist to more than even the loss of profits he might otherwise anticipate. No man likes to be in the absolute power of those whom he employs. He feels that the situation is not only unjust, but humiliating. It is his part of the enterprise to risk his capital, his credit, and the future of his family. On the other side, there is the venture of labour for the day, wages always being paid at short intervals. In addition to the common liabilities of enterprise, the employer has to look at the probability of his being subject to the dictation of some brawling, plotting, idle fellow who acquires, often by the basest misrepresentations, an influence which would never come between the employer and the employed were both intelligent and just. He shrinks from the experiment and confines his operations to other forms of industry which are little complicated and involve as little dependence upon the will of others as possible. Where, however, there is a constantly increasing stream of immigration these conditions cease to exist, because while new enterprises are continually opening the way for the discontented to enter into new industrial relations, the increase of the employed leads inevitably to an increase of employers. There is more room for the adjustment which differences of interest, and, therefore, more stability and certainty. In considering the onward movement of society, while we treat the woman as an instrument of the manufacturer, it is not to be forgotten for the moment that he is more than a mere industrial arm-that he has a part in society the moment he enters it-that he is a citizen as well as a mechanic-that he is a householder as well as a mason or a carpenter -that the earnings of his industry, if prudently expended, always stimulate the very trade upon which his own employment depends. It matters not what he produces since he receives in exchange, by an often unperceived and circuitous route, the sure compensation from the industry of others. He may not be able to trace how the labour of his hands has gone through a hundred stages of transfer, and how many steps are necessary to be passed before he gets that which is required by him from the industry of others ; yet he does so. It is fortunate when the intelligence of the people is sufficient to enable them to follow in some degree these channels of industry. Not only is the study interesting and impressive as showing the organisation of which civilised life is capable-comprehending the common interests, social, industrial, and international, which bind mankind together, but it also proves that the industry of all who labour in the vast circle of human affairs is as much knit together as if it were performed in one household, or within the limits of a single city. In new colonies, where everything is given liberally by nature, but nothing obtained by inheritance, prosperity requires that there should be great activity and constant advance- ment. Even in the oldest countries in. the world to pause is to stagnate : not to increase is to decline. The value of everything that exists, and consequently depends upon the constantly increasing numbers. How often has this been shewn? If we look at any year of stagnation since the colonies were founded, we shall scarcely find one that has not contained more inhabitants-more houses -that has not exported and imported more that has not even possessed a larger revenue and made greater expenditure during the last than any previous year of its existence. There may be exceptions, but this is the general rule. But a slight advancement is not received as such. Every enterprise is calculated upon that all but geometrical progression which is necessary to satisfy the aspirations and assure the prosperity of every new country. Even where a great drain has been occasioned, as lately in the United States, by war, drawing men from their ordinary employments, yet, if there is with it simultaneously as there, a large immigration, and, as a consequence, great vigour and stimulus, the public wealth may keep pace even with the devastations of the torch and sword. In the neighbouring colony of Queensland we have seen what immigration upon a small scale can do in advancing the value of all fixed property, and keeping up the demand for employment. "We have no doubt that in the hurry and bustle of this adventure there is much disappointment and personal suffering. There is Air more happiness to be realised in quiet times if people could only believe it, than during the epoch of feverish excitement and eagerness to advance. But the influx of many animates the efforts of those that are already on the spot, and a magnificent, because untried future, presents itself to the imagina- tion of the whole community. Everything appears valuable not for what it is, but for what it is destined to be, We do not mean to represent that hopes and speculations, doomed to find their hour of disappointment, are to be regarded as desirable in themselves ; but the animation of conscious progress does lead to great exertion, and when the ultimate result comes to be cast up, it is found that, though many have missed personal happiness, and have found their golden dreams dissipated in the reality, (lib whole community has enlarged its dimensions and increased its aggregate of wealth. We never can hope for any animated prosperity unless in the revival of immigration. SCHOLARS are well aware what a vast quantity of erudition and what a large proportion of critical learning have been expended in trying to make out what dead men meant by what they said. In some cases the illustrative annotations have swollen to larger dimensions than the text, and themselves constitute a fresh difficulty to the student. The story of the old woman who had been presented with an annotated copy of the Pilgrim's Progress, and who, in returning her thanks for so valuable an addition, said, with happy simplicity, that she had read the big print and understood it, and hoped soon to be able to understand the little print at the bottom, might be applied to many an author whose meaning has been darkened by clouds of controversy about it. However, with regard to deceased authors, the battle about disputed passages must rage in- definitely unless the science of table-rapping receives such a development as to enable us to i summon the ghosts of literary men, and get from them an explanation of their meaning-which it would be a very sensible and useful application of the new mystery, and one much more calculated to win for it the approbation of the learned than tickling people's toes in the dark or punching their heads. But with regard to authors still happily living there is a simpler process of ascertaining their meaning than by inviting them to a seance in the dark. A remarkable case of this misin- terpretation of a living author and of the correction of the error has recently occurred. During the late discussions on the Protectionist question, it will be remembered that many speakers who held political economy in the ut- most contempt, were pleased to make a great parade of one extract from the treatise of Mr, John STUART MILL, which they considered to be in their favour. This passage expressed an opinion to the effect, that though a free trade policy was the wise one for all States there might possibly be an exceptional instance in the case of young communities, where an industry suitable to the soil, and kept at bay only by competition, might be artificially nurtured for a limited term. Upon this passage they fastened with a tenacity which would have been impossible if they had awarded to the rest of the treatise the authority they gave to this isolated extract. In fact, our Protectionists argued from Mr. MILL'S book in support of their error much as the pro-slavery Americans used to argue from the Bible. They resolutely shut their eyes to the whole scope of the book, and looked through a magnifying and distorting lens at one or two particular phrases. By this process the slave-owners found a defence of slavery in a book which is the charter of human freedom and similarly the Protectionists found in the writings of Mr. MILL-which are instinct everywhere with the spirit of free human action something to support the enslavement of commerce. To put an end to this perversion of High authority, Mr. MILL himself has been appealed to. He has replied in a letter which has appeared in the Argus. In this communication he says : " It is a great compliment to me that my supposed opinions should have had the influence you ascribe to them in Australia. But there seems to have been a considerable degree of misunderstanding about what they are. The fault probably lies with myself, in not having explained them sufficiently. I have entered rather more fully into the subject in the now editions published this spring. But, not to give you the trouble of referring to them, I can have no difficulty in saying that I never for a moment thought of reconv menuing or countenancing in a new colony, more than elsewhere, a general protective policy, or a system of duties on imported commodities, such as that which has recently passed the Representative Assembly, of your colony. What Iliad in view was this: If there is some particular branch of industry not hitherto carried on in the country, but which individuals or associations possessed of the necessary capital are ready and desirous to naturalise, and if these persons can satisfy the Legislature that, after their workpeople are fully trained, and the difficulties of the first introduction surmounted, they shall probably be able to produce the article as cheap, or cheaper, than the pace at which it can be imported, but that they cannot do so without the temporary aid either of a subsidy from the Government or of a protecting duty, then it may sometimes be a good calculation, for the future interests of the country, to make a tempo 1 rary sacrifice, by granting a moderate protecting duty for a certain limited number of years, say ten, or at the very most twenty, during the latter part of which the duty should he on a gradually diminishing scale, and at the end of which it should expire. You see how far this doctrine is from supporting the fabric of- Protectionist doctrine in behalf of which its- aid has been invoked." It will be seen that this gives no sanction at all to the sort of protection that has been asked for here. Mr. MILL refers to industries non-existent but which might exist. We were asked to give a spurt to industries that did already exist, but which wished to be exempted from unpleasant competition It was the furniture makers, the boot and shoe makers, the ? saddlers and harness makers, the cloth weavers and tailors, the soap-boiler and candle makers, the machinists, the shipbuilders, and the wheat growers that we were called upon to protect. All these occupations are in existence. They have been enabled to get a footing even in the comparative infancy of the colony, and in spite of the competition, of free trade. They could not possibly attain, to great dimensions among suits. But they wlll-ftibw'm magnitude was the colony grows, and the fact that they have already attained their first stage is sufficiently encouraging. As a commercial community we commenced with sheep farming on that basis, as it has gradually expanded we have reared other industries; and, if we allow free trade still to preside over our destinies, we shall continue to accumulate more wealth, and that wealth will find investment in the openings that present the greatest prospects of profit. Some of these openings will be the simpler forms of manufacturing industry, and they will expand as there is naturally scope for them. There is nothing in our condition that would make Mr. MILL'S canon applicable to us. We do not present the | conditions to which his exemption would apply. We can point to no one particular industry, l which though non-existent amongst us at present absolutely requires protection to give it a start, but which is so congenial to our circumstances that a gradually diminishing protection for twenty years would enable us to undersell other nations in the market of the world, or at least to compete with them on equal terms. So far from this, we are just in the position in which the free trade rule applies. We can defer the application of the exceptional canon till we are in different circumstances. As a matter of fact, we doubt very, much whether the hypothetical state of things suggested by Mr. MILL ever will or can occur, but at any rate it does not exist at present and if it did, it would not be a justification for the miscellaneous protection which our projected ad valorem duties were intended to confer. After this explanation by Mr. MILL, it is to be hoped that we shall hear no more perver- sions of this much-abused quotation and that those who pretend to shelter themselves under his authority will do him the justice, and themselves the benefit, of studying his treatise as a whole. If they will only do this, they will be less likely than ever to come forward as Protectionists. 