DAWN. In the cool sUr-glimmcr, night's dream of dawn, When dew-bells blink'd upon the lawn, ] rose ere yet the lark's keen eye ?Twitch'd to the subtlest rift in the sky. Downward I went by a forest way, Companionless, to an ocean bay : And all around the stillnes hung Like silence on a nronhet's tonirue— Which may not speak the thing it knows Till God's tire on the altar glows— And I, alone of human birth, Secm'd all that walk'd the soundless earth. In the blanket of her wing the wren Slept far within the forest ken : The EinlcES mouse, in her hollow sod, Lay safe as in the breast of God : In honey-golden cell, the bee Humro'd in a dream of melody : And other tiny pensioners lay Under the veiling mists till day. Nor innocent things atone, but those That make all living else their foes. Were caught by the opiate clouds that fall With the shadowy eve on the eves of all. The subtle snake lay coil'd at case By the cedar's many-cycled knees. Acting perchance, in his chamber'd brain, The drama of Paradise again ; Cheating once more with golden lie The mother of all humanity : The tiger slept in his bosky land. Dark, like an inky smouldering brand. Which, touch'd by the faintest gleam that came,. Would leap to life like a living flame : Old eagle, with talons and beak of blood, Brooded above the plunging flood, Fix'd as from all eternity, God of the moaning mystery : - Under the billow, in caverns dark, Hung suspended the long keen shark, Till oceaa should open his blood-red eye — ? To dart at the white ship sailing by. The forest was pass'd; I reach'd the bay, Haunted by silence all the way : The far-borne murmur of the deep Waked not the sleeping land from sleep : Tbc music of that trcmulent noise Seem'd audible without a voice, According sweetly with the chime That haunts the solemn calms of time. Low- eastward, where dim ocean flows, Swift points or glimmering spears uprose, And up the shadowy lanes of light Vanish'd the fawn-like stars in fright. But stilly the forest began to stir. With stealthy wifigs in oak and n'r; And round about each wrinkled root Whisk'd homy claw and woolly foot ; Out of her blanket pcep'd the wren, With eyes like the eyes of fairy men ; The innocent mouse on nature's quest Crept from her Maker's genial breast ; Forth from his citadel strumm'd the bee Blowing the trump of Industrie : The tiger, at the lark'B sweet note. Woke with a bloodhound at his throat, And shot at space with a burning mouth, And dropt like a star in the sedgy south ; Out of his coils, as from an abyss, Flash'd the old snake with a startled hiss, And, chased by the ghost of his vision, fled As if some heel hod bruised bis head : A motion I saw on the motionless sea, Rushing between the dawn and me. Silent and black as an upturn'd keel, 6wift as death on an edee of steel— 'Twos the shark who fo&ow;'d in hungry jot, A ship with a death-doom'd sailor boy : The eagle, melancholy shape, ' Fatelike, calm on the shadowy cape, Oped an unfathomable eye Full oa the dawn's grey-viun'd spy, Then rose on wide heroic wing, Making the cool air quiver and sing, \- And upward wheel'd through many a spire, To bathe in the solar surge of fire. Morn on the sea ! mom on the land ! Light floweth from a fountaio'd hand : We have lain in the grave of the faithful night, And now we are clothed with the beauty or light. Lord, when we have lain in Thy Dark and thy death, Vouchsafe us Thy Love, and Thy Light, and Thy Breath ! William FiUeeuxii. Kxcttnix asj- Pootites.— Mr. Pitt w»e disputing at a cabinet dinner on the energy and beauty of the Latin tangmec. In support of the superiority which he affirmed it to haveovei the English, he asserted that two negatives inade a thing more positive than one affirmative possibly could. 'Then,' saiii Thurlow, ' your father and mother must .have been two complete «fffa(iM5tomakeBucha^o««Mfellowasyouare.' ' A Lcamkg to Sis.— A country rector, in his discourse on the hemoussins of cheating and defrauding one's neighbours, ua luckUy leaned a good deal over the pulpit; whena rusncTntre marked, on retiring from the church, that their parson *aa omitted to mention the most monstrous sin of all, that er orcr 'cS-'iTEEKoroB 0^ Ii.— An Indian being condemned to die by the Spaniards, was exhorted by a Franciscan friar to torn Christian, being assured that if he did he would go to heaven. 'Are there any Spaniards there!' inquired the victim of Span* cupiditv, 'Yce,' saidthefriar; 'itisfullof them.' 'W. then,' 'retorted the Indian, ' I would rather have no more d their company.' Si^tiko Ur a-d 6irrn.G DowK.-Swift was ojc day jn com pany with a young coxcomb, who, rising from his chair, ml with a conceited and confident air, ' I would have voutotow, Mr. Dean. I set up for a wit.' ' Do you, indeed !' replied at dean ; ' then take my advice, and sit down again. Ilinnos AM) AsriBATON.-Curran, while at,f°u-£V£; colled before the board for wearing a dirty shirt. '/,»*»*&. said he, 'inability to wear a clean one; and I JO14 '™ reverences the story of poor Lord Avomnore, at that t™5^ Yelverton. ' I wish, morter,' said Barry, ? I had daen dn*. ?lilevcn, Barry; why eleven ?? 'Because, mother, I am « opinion that a gentleman, to be comfortable, ougbt J to Mre a dozen.' ' Poor Barry,' added Cumn, ' tad but onc.milmle the precedent my justification.' , H A Cabk op 6jtci.-oujsg.-A lady asked avery sUly8^?* man how it happened that the Scots who came out of their m country were, gcncrnHv speaking, men of more abiutas ttu those who remained at home. 'Oh, madam,' said he, J' reason is obvious. At every outlet there are persons rattmeaw examine all who pass, that, for the honour of tbo «™^,, K- be permitted to leave it who 1b not a man of ™*!1*'»}1*r ' Then,' said she ' I suppose your lordship was emugglea oto ttL»0M*uvG to be Pnon, or.-Shcridan was once tdUat !« » friend about the Prince Kogcnt, who took great «'*«»« for vurious public measures, aeif they had been dlrectejnjK. political skill or foreseen by his pobtical sagacity, m, » Sheridan, 'trier' his Xoya) Jlinhncst more parttatiomrt** ASi£cK A^'L^^'c^terne'-ttc author of ;tta- ft* mental Journey,' who had the credit of treating his wite«7 ill, was one diy talking to Garrick in a toe ?en^fJJ'SSe! Upraise of conjugal love and fidelity = ' The husband, suaw With amazing assurance, 'who behaves unkindly to h«g deserves to have his house burnt over his head.' U P™ ''' Dr. Johnson her approbation of his Dictionary, and to^ her satisfaction at his not admitting into it any ?Wgf-S ' No, madam,' replied be ' I hope I have not soiled By ringer. I fin-5, however, that you have been looking for them. Vismi-y Loaxo.-ln an election for the taraW.l'S Councillor Egan, or 'buUyEgm,' B6,hcwaS S-Sue*fS being an unsuccessful candidate, appealed to » ConoutW^, House of Cemmons. It was in the heat of a very ^=™^ggUnf and Eean (who was an immensely stout man), w'8_s'£% fle through the crowd, his handkerchief in one hand, to JJPg ?ther, and his whole countenance raging like the doR-«jr», ^ or Westminster Sohool, through the successive bu^tnr., reign, ol Charles I., Oliver Cromwell, Charles H-. ,™! '„„, He ^replied, 'The fathers govern the nation r Oici '^^ ^ the fathers; but the logs govern the mothers, ana I B°' TtoTOta«.-Mr. Penn, a young £*££?$ known for bis eccentricities, having ^^SrSf Una, Corner to Hammersmith, for a W1er^,(^*Koflt«otte several gentlemen who witnessed ihe co'tc!\i?10a1'nZ wlti » DuchcES of Gordon, remarking that it was ji VWJJffii piaviBf manv (rood qunlities as Pcnn had, should be so inccsmn'}!1,, ^ SlwhU excluded him from' g-f«dj**J ' »j£ %St ter grace; ' but why don't you ndvisc- him tatter 1 »» be a pen that everybody cuts but nobody '?«'«? 4 wnctber M Ocite ESoroH.-Miiton was asked by a to™*J,!toiriu-* » At the rate you «o on,' rrplfcd Mr Robwt, 1 a™ will Mcc one.' ' I J 