MAN, AND HIS RELATIONS.*. ,WB .have had from America many praotical pro- fessors botli of what are called the " spiritualist " and tho "magnetic" arts, but we have aeon few 'attempts,like that just made by Dr. Brittan to, reduce these processes to systematic and philo- sophical analysis, and to refer their pheuomena 'to'the scientific laws of physics and psychology. Guaranteed by his-medical -diploma a-certaiti standing,of a'professional-kind, and evinoing¿>ip hif'ihtroductory^remnrkB'upóh' ¿ho philoBopbv .of the"'human organism andt 'tho' action,of,thç several el'ernenia.in.Riap, same results at least of a'soiontiOo. study of the loading facts of hfo and disease,, thought, passion1, add1 'tfill/he comes ¡before U3 with/inGuitely mure pretension thai the vulgar - operators who set nun thinking ero w11 s agAjje^ by the vagaries of a toble "or the roys! terigus.1'mossages rapped out/ in' a darkened cb.amtíe,r/. '¡-; ¡?pr these,, bis humble brethren, hie himself manifests abroad'contempt. 1 hey ace '-' ,»¡lian aiid Mi JteUthni; tlluitnttiig the influence of thtWindonthè'Body.'^Oj 8, ti, Billian; M.D. N.W York: Townsend, 1601, .. - . I tho mere hirelinpe who degrade a noble cause by mercenary greed, mere quacks who practise, an empitioal method without^an inkliog.r.of the arcana whioh lie open toithé [enlightened an'dj philosophical sage. " Soience.V. he| warna U9, "has nothing ti expect Mromjjnerijwh"ji>nave_ a paramount regard for^mbnoy, and/whose1 only aim has been to make an amusing and re- munerative public exhibition." With the "fan üfslicB," "the " vain and superficial investigators,'' who advertise their nostrums under the various .titlea-OÍ_lí-Magnettc- Eiuid,'.'-_"-Ethereumr^-»J-Od Forer," 'j Pathetism," ^ and the like, he allows' himself no'fellowship. ? For the tricks which make up the > ordinary seances of our so.-callod electro biologists and mediums he cannot repress his disgust.' He has seen'" more than ono poor catchpenny, prompted alike by coarseness and avarice to pander to a vitiated and vulgar taste, who has compelled an intelligent human being to walk on all fours, to bark like a dog, or to bray like a donkey !" Such ' mon,' who " utterly disregard the olaims of science and willingly brutalise their own species," are seldom capable of giving '-any intelligible idea of the subject . on which theyt profess to dis- course. " They are usually very positive'in their assumptions, and extremely negative in their proofs." We are entitled, therefore, to expect something more satisfactory, both in point of fact and reasoning, from one who sets himself ao arbitrarily on high above his brethren, and who lays such emphatic claim to superiority of attainments, as well as to greater elevation of motive.' We ought hardly, in fairnea?, to be put off with the old tissue of "ghost matvals and tales of clairvoyanoe or apparitions which form the staple of the common tribe of "spiritualists," and which it is generally impossible to bring to the slightest test of verification. I* or do we seem to have achieved any great advance, in a scientific sense, when we are told to discard the hackneyed theory of "magnetic'"or "odio" force for the writer's more recondite hypothesis of an " electric aura." It is one thing to scout with contempt the sap position of a*"fluid" as the agent or principle of life, motion, or sensation in the animal, organism, as conceived by Mesmer and his early followers. It is another to palm off upon the unscientific reader a rival and equally gratuitous notion of his own, and to make believe that the problem is solved because he has contrived to re state it in terms more tortuous and more impenetrable to common sense. Dr. Brittan is careful to assure us that be " belongs to no sohool of medicine," and is not therefore to be regarded as a " mere practitioner" touting for!uoreor applause. Indeed, for the eitire faculty he is ¡ at no pains to disguise his antipathy and dislike. We are to believe that it is from " a rational and intense interest in what- ever most deeply' concerns the true nature and substantial progress of man" that he w.a led to set up as an itinerant lecturer upon " Pay chometry," or animal and human magnetism, and to Btamp the States in tbe capacity of an enlighten'er of ignorance and healer of disease. To his succ:ss in the latter capacity we have, of course, the customary tissue of proors m the testimonials of patients to the efficacy of the electrical method, as well as his own reports of the repentie marvels produ:ed under his hands. Thus, in December 1840, at a " public bouse" at Springfield, Mass., a young lady " of remarkable beauty and'accomplishments," while engaged with a number of youog people " in an animated and playful conversation," was seizsd with catalepsy in ils most frightful form. The efforts of friends 'admirers, and physicians were ineffectual to restore the interesting patient, who was supposed by all to be dying. At the end of threo hours some one had the tense to Bond for Dr, Brittan, who at once, judging that this sus- pension^ the functions had resulted from a sadden loss of the electiical equilibrium, pro* cceded to ascertain the preciso point of tlrctrie convoigence by observing therela'ive temperature of différent parts of tho bady. A few appropriate manipulations from the sup posed centre sufficed to restore the missing equilibrium, and in fourteen micu es after the writer entered the apartment " the patient was fully restored, and employed in adjusting her hair before the mirror' Ano her young girl, " of some seventeen summers," who was raving with tho wildest delirium for two days aud-nights, had but ber bands grasped in the right hand of the writer, with his loft hand pluced on her forehead, so as to form an eleotro vital current, when in less than a minuto the paroxysm7 was subdued; ana after a sleep of fifteen .minimes, "witliout stirriDg a musçl»,*' she' opened her eyes " in a perfectly sana state, and immediately shs was clothed, and remained mher right mind.' This tendency to parody in language, we may remark, is carried by ¡Dr. Brittan to an extreme which, on this Bide of the- AtlantiOj- will impress most - readers as not less protane than his attempt to parallel his cures with the miracles of the B b'o wjll strike them as odious aad irrelevant. Of the value of the state of coma artificially induced, towards suspending the sense of pain in surgioal opera, tiona, we may have sufficient appreoia'ion with- out following the writer in his attempt to refer Bach phenomena to tbeiono hypothesis of h¡B book. Indeed, it would argue, upon tbe part of the audiences to whom he has been in the habit of expounding his system, a degro'o of intelli- gence far transcending that of ordinary country assemblages amongat ourselves, did we cone 'ive them curable of carrying away-clear and definite ideas of what the basis, or the prin ciplea o( the " eíectro-vitaí " theory may be. When tbey had du'y swallowed the introductory definition which we get in the cpening sentence of the book, that lifo'is " a spiritual and natural revelation of the Divine providence," they would perhaps find it lesB difficult to digest> the further formulo, that " the mineral, vegetable, aid animal king, doms are succeeding progressive revelations of those invisible principles that pervade all sub stance,'-! and piotciial'illustrations of the Divine life that animates tbe1 world."1 ;Then, " if we are right in entertaining the idea ti at olllouiward de- velopments' proceed from vital principles and archetypal formsiwilhin, -it.may rbe rationally inferred that our essential manhood is invisible and spiritual,1 ' and ~ that 'the", organic formation , resul'a ^ írqm L and proceeds in harmony with tho grand procosB of interior individualizition,," This is of course to-prepare the. way, in mngjnllorjuon^t^language, for a quasi pliilosoptiio&l; proof of the author's theory of the domination of mind, over not only tho, ". more pondf rabie elements and forms of tho physical world,1 -but also over the'"imponderables and I the¡r"¿myBlerrous,forpeB,",",such as, ho suggfs's, ,',' wo ej'oke ,in' the Bplnt'pf ,tho waters, when it 1 .cornel forth .to moTO_oùr'commerce and our j navies ogainstuidverse winds.and. tides." Such we'prcsume? is also thal1 spirit which has more ïédentiy,cpme among ns tb s^t bells and tambou- rines in motion ahd musioaliipronr, and,to play mysterious pranks with doftly.-knotted cords and] bandages. De Bri'tin may be the philoso pher^ to explain to us the aeortt of traosevRubtle manifestations which the opera'ors theinbelves profess to be beyond their powers of explication. His own command of occult and impalpable agencies is not confined to the realm 'of inert and inanimate matter, nor even to the sympathetic intelligence of his own raco. The aj^aijcreattpn_s.çems^ by_a similar« matincç to "bow to bisauhority. ,'Mr.( Jingle's experience of the sagaci y of degs is left' far behind by the following ins ance .?? I was otu one oaoaaBloa-lllualri'lDg Ibis ¡idea of tbe natur.1 snpremaoy of man in tbe conree of o publie 1 clure, delivered irl tbffjVillage Hal),'Putnam, Cían,, when I obaeryed fhat a strange dog ¿waa, laying [etc] at fall tesgtb on the floor, at a distance of not leen than thirty cr forty feet from the platfdrcr. The nobje animal -a -'large 'ope, ü¿f his kind-appeartd" to ba asleep, ¡ eudi i no i mare interosted than other droarsy » beare». 'Toe speaker waa insisting,'with soma earnestness that bad, rain strictly obeyed tbe'natural law, designed to regulate bia relations to tboanirasl kingdom', the whole trute creation voulït prebqbly have y'.eldii imUncUvi ppediei\ce fo his author í(j/.¿Jcatlat thut point in the diicpurs?, be dog, without anyi arparenl cause, WSBJ suddenly oiartitbbri, Bisicg from bis reanmbent position, he walked .tlr*Jy lo the front of the'speaker's S'and." L oklrig Bteadily in my face for a roipo e or two, be deliberately aeehtidcd the Blairs and stretched himself at tt^ feet, at the very moment the argument was concluded ; thoa presenting t most interesting and ImpreBCiveil nstrction cf a canons and profound subject. The " psychometric sense" which is Dr. Brittan's key to the successes of magnetize» and, clairvoyants like himself seoms^like the gift of poetry, to be not acquired, but inborn. When one is so gifted " be at once perceives the nature of the' emanations from his visitors, whether to ey are visible or invisible." He has even theácent.of trio sleuth hound for the traces of good" or evil notion. " If he enters the haunts of deception and vice, clouds darken the spiritual vision, and he finds the trail of tbe serpent in his way." "'Nor'is his perception limited to that of the mere general aura of vicioutness or crime. " Give bim either a cravat or a finger-ring that a thiel has worn, and he will find the culprit, without other warrant or the aid of a policeman ; an* old shoex will enable him to track the fugitive from justice.", It is clearly owing to the unfortunate want, among our own professional mediums and Beete, of any one gifted with the like psychometric virtue to thet of Dr, Brittan, that so many of our murders and other crimes'go undetected. It might b3 thought that Scotland Yard would be happy to retain hisser vices at a figure incomparab'y above that which rewards the laboure of a lecturer to an ungrateful and incredulous generation. To be sure, his appreciation of moral responsibility,is not such as to make bim altogether a sa'o guatdian of the conventional interests of so« ciety. " The mon," he argues, " who is absolutely impell;d in a wrong direction then should not be'fiercely censured and ru4ely condemned for yielding to an irresistible im- pulse. A moral obliquity may be as excusable as a spinal curvature. If, in revest to his moral nature, a man is lame, he must bave extrinsic aids and 'supports to assist bim through the world, and he should no more be sentía perdition for limping than any other cripple." Sentiments like these, which the »riler nas himself empha- sised, are not calculated to commend this last and moat developed phase of spiritualism to the convictions or tastes of sober-minded people on this side of tho Atlantic. Nor will their estima'e of the evidence adduced in its behalf be much enh&ncad; by stories such as (he following, compared with which that of the mad bull in Wellington boots is but a feeble illustra- tion of mental impressions al a delicate period ef.tbe female organism : - 7 > A gentleman who resides in La Boy, ft. Y" m an inter* view with tbe writer, some time Bince, related o singular fao', that muy be appropiiately introduced in tula oon nsotlon. His wife bad a'beau if al oiaiare of John' the Baptist banging inlher room.) The figura was in a nude state, except the loin?,' which wore 'encircled with the girdle.01 camel'a bair, anpportrd by a singlo Btrap pass- ing over one'sboulder1. Tue lady befog In delicate health for some time (orttcidant lo tbo birth cf a "ribo, nowa-.me a xleen.yoara of sjju), bad oaaasion to apend mucb of her time on a oonah from wbioh-the plature was constantly exposed to view. Tho youth-referred to-preeents-one of tbe ? greatest ncvltiea in the oitpuory o( rajobolngloal phenomena. It ia a hot Ita*, he will never totar but one ivtpcnder ! - If commanded io pnt on aipair, he will obey; but bo in quito Buréelo have them 60/A over the same shoulden thH support» tht strap and the girdle in the picture. ' ' Mrs. C. of Western New York, *'though an excellent l»dy," was not one who could feel at ease and settled in mind while her husband at a similar crisis was turning the house out of win- dow with-alterations and repairs. Mr. and Mrs. 0., in consequence, hnvo a son (who is " consti- tutionally restless, dissatisfied, and unhappy" in a surprising degree. " lu his waking hours he seldom remains longer than a few minutes in one pUce, and during his whole life he has been constantly seeking rest and fin ung none." It is uo wonder that, when another " miserable man" ha3 often " shocked the delicate sensibilities of his wife, by staggering -into her presence in a Btále of intoxication," he should reproduce in his unfortunate eon. his own irregular locomotion, " so that the youth could never- walk 'straight. Alas ! he is the moviog, lifelong, and appalling record of the great crime of his sire !" - - 1 The'style-0/ Marr and his Belaliom is a curious instance of the application of the "hieb fa'.utin' V tone of American rhetoric to the purposes of philosophical literature, ,1 he writer is throughout carried away by the torrent of his imagination, like one of his own patients under the " psychometric " influence. Whilst he writes he is " inspheied in music, soft and soothing! as the gen'leBt strains from iColia, when the expiring winds whisper iheir last benison to the trembling chords of ihe lyre." In moments of trial and < emergency,. " when the storms of life break'over us with terrific power, calling for herculean . eft ri," he has felt tho proofs of tbe electro-nerJouB remedy in ihe restoration of the supremacy of the soul, when " the mind suddenly breaks away from its frail and mortal fastenings, and .the startled voyager tinda himself beyond the viciss/Judes of time-floating at ease and grac'ofuUyin his im- mortal argosy, with an angel at the helm,i and the great ocean of the limitless life ^before him. Our bigoted, attachment to old" forms forms and usages may perhaps shut our oyes to tho merits of the newer and, freer modes which h wo found their way into Transatlantic ortho- graphy and grammar. Buch türns-of spelling as " fiber," " specter," " sop'ulcher,"' may possit bly bejustified by sufficient analogies.even from our own habits of writing. They involvedittle beyond_ the mere submission tojprecedent or caprice,!., But when <ve come upon, the mention of a " censor nerve," we are induced to inspect a i lapso in somelhiügí more serious than tbe mere .pedantry of- custom.1 J . No' friere aiini |larlty "in(1ttí¿'prionetlo-'-power*of a "'letterrcao be held to extenúale.what ¡is a manifest cdnfua'on of roots.- It-is not in .onrupojwer-to.Bay;.whit sta'ndárdof 'general attainment tmy, in HieNew 1 World/be lakenia*/ 'authenticated by /tho tule oí the highest grado in, any .of-the.,professions. i But we should be Btaítlad.fto!rneet wilh a docto* , ."i ', 'IT >of medicine, on oar side of the Atlantic, who wrote of the' class of "reptillia," as we 'aro 'hardly accustomed to find men with the ordinary éducation of gentlemen inditing of euoh mattera as " ¿Eolion" harps, or criticising the conduct of Popel "Oailextus," or oxpresing themselves with special carefulness as to the time in which " Fenelon wrote his Telemarque" , -. <, 