TjTPEll MARY. (From the Correspondent of the Maryborough Chronicle!) The farmers are all in fits. When " the divine William," as the French call Shokspeoro, talks of the waves combining to swallow naviga- tion up, the figure is intelligible, and more than that- justifiable, poetic, and as appropriate as a figure can be but when " a competent autho- rity" talks about that extraordinary crime, which cannot be the subject of inquiry in the District Court, of " setting fire " to " naviga- tion, one must pause and wonder at so mighty a criminal conception (29 Vic, No. 5, sec. 4 No. 37 (see the Chronicle, DocomborO)-even if the unpleasant thought will obtrude itself that the authority is not so very competent after all which is strange, too, for the man who goes so far as to warn ordinary people against burning canals, is certainly not incapable of "Betting even the Thames on fire." Again, we have all heard of the Milesian who captured his prisoners by surrounding them, and we have all laughed for obvious reasons at the story j but we are still more inclined to laughter when we think of a grave man in a wig telling us how one man may combine and enter into a conspiracy with himself No. 50 i 29 Ale, No. 6. After reading the list given by " W. H. A. H.," we farmers have been puzzling our thick heads to know what offences can be within the jurisdiction of the District Court ; but you must excuse our stupidity, for pumpkin-growing will tell in the end on the brightest intellect amongst us, and we only hope that no one in Maryborough will ruin our great highway by sending the Mary to blazes. The language I have criticised may be susceptible of different meanings, but the genius who compiled the list of offences should remember that though law language may be above, it is not contrary to, lay reason as people say of Christianity. There is but little exciting on our banks to record just now. The corn crops are looking remarkably well, after such a glorious spring, better than which is not within the memory of living white man. Weeds bIibi'O in the general vigor of growth, and will not be kept down by hoe or hand ; there is nothing for it but plough- ing, which, by this time next year, will be the rule and not the exception on the river. It will be indeed a red-letter day in the farmers' calendar on which they throw aside the hoe and spade for ever. The Maryborough people are not suspected of refined taste by outer barbarians, but we have often wondered that a residence of a year or two in this land has not taught them a liking for good things, and among the good things, fruit -last year, that grown on the Mary was in most instances unsaleable, and the year before also, so that little if any will be grown for sale this year. Pine apples-and they can be grown here to perfection are counted by most people delicious, and in any other place than Maryborough would be profitable to the grower, but de gustibus non dUpulandum, and if people don't like them its their misfortune (in my estimation), and not their fault. Do not think I am advertising my own pines for sale, for I have only one growing, half of which I mean to eat on Christmas- day, and from the other half I will express as much juice as may make me a good glass of " Stigginitin" wine to wash down the puddings with. But this is a digression. One man has nearly 150 plants (each capped with apples) occupying only a space of seven yards by thirty-three ; they might be set down fairly as worth fourpence tapioca' to soil were ho near Brisbane, whilst here they will be eaten by himself and friends, who will make beasts of themselves on the occasion of the ripening of the fruit, which here is commercially valueless, though if grown in large quantities it might be profitably exported. Some attention will be given to these things in time. This time last year were two looking forward to the jollification of a race meeting at Owanyilla, but the times are changed and so are we, and the race-course will be undisturbed this year by horse or jockey. However, we shall all have in on Boxing day somewhere to Bopple, perhaps, when we mean to find out the ghost who the niggers believe dwells on the conical peak of that picturesque mountain. If I get you an invitation I trust we shall see you with your hamper and Allsopp's pale ale. Mary River, December 19. 