The controversy concerning the existence of life in other planetary bodies than our own earth—or, in other words, that of the plurality of inhabited worlds—has slumbered in this country since its temporary revival ten years ago. By the common consent, not only those who were qualified by special study, to pronounce an opinion on a purely scientific subject, but also of most persons of ordinary practical understanding, the ques- tion was perceived to be wholly insoluble in fact, as well as sterile in all practical results. The utmost that could be made out on the affirmative side was that there were no physical conditions known to belong to other bodies differently situated in space from our own globe, actually incom- patible with the existence of some form or other of life or organisation. It could be proved that even upon our own planet forms of life exist under varieties of heat, light and chemical or other physical conditions, as extreme as any that need be considered to exist in other members of the solar group, or on the surface of the sun itself. And though it could not be said that the range of life assignable to human kind, or to the other higher types of organisation, was so wide in extent, it seemed arbitrary to deny to a principle so infinitely plastic as that of organic life the power of manifesting itself in types approaching to that of man, types, it may be, a little lower than the least developed variety of his race, or, it may be transcending, for aught we know, the highest form in which humanity has dis- played itself on earth. The sum of the argument from scientific data was little more than negative. It attained, at the most, to no more than a degree of pro- bability resting upon analogy, and approving itself to this or that mind as the bias of fancy or prepossession inclined, rather than as strict reasoning and the observation of facts would logically tend. The most mischievous result, however, of the controversy became apparent when—instead of being treated, as it should by lights bavo been, ns a question j .of .strictly scientific investigation-it; was i- 'brought under the light of metaphysical, .' tniora]; and theological speculation.' Toe . ¡ argument from final causes was invoked by . one class of disputants, that from religious ' dogma or tradition by another. But here, \- too, as in the former case, it waa found that either'Brgument could be turned in different hands to support diametrically opposite con -elusions. To those who went with tho emi- nent reviewer of the dispute, in his "Essay . 'OB'the ¡PlnralUy . of .Worlds," a reference to 1 ? the Divine design clearly evinced the unfa- ir /habited state of all ' other worlds' ,. sato- onr own, because man is intended to . be tbe exclusive recipient of the Creator's ' : ^beneficence. To' those who obeyed the scientific teaching of "More Worlds than rOne/'Tit manifestly, proved that the pUnejs, and even tbe members of tho most remoto ; iysidèreal systems, must be teeming with ' ¿rational : and spiritual beings, in order io \- exalt the same Creator's perfections and to j ^render; a reason for their existence. A curi- ous dilemma was the result. On the ono ' hand, it was argued that these bodies must : - b ) inhabited, becanse they could only haye been created for the sustenance of life ; on the other, that they oould not be inhabited,1 . baot use they could only have been created aa Toils to enhance the dignity of the earth ind of man. If one oloaa were right, the universe . must be inhabited, because a void universe \- would be useless and without an end ; if the . . other, then a_void universe is necessary for , ; tho exaltation of man, and of the Divine dis- pensations, towards him. In this state ol i dead lock the problem has since been allowed to rest among 'themselves. Ic still, bow ever, appears to bate retained its charm for the less matter of-faot and utilitarian dais 'o' -minds among our neighbours, ' M. Camille Flammarion-a competent practical astro nometer, as is shown by his previous writings upon 'celestial subjects, no less than by his , official' position as assistant at the Observa- tory and the Bureau of Longitudes- bas avowed himself a passionate partisan on the side of tbe plurality of'worlds, and may jbe , aaid to have exhausted the arguments in itb 1'?' behalf. Not content with the physical ! or . -s'rictly scientific treatment of. the sabjeot, be pursues it inti) its bearings upon the entire ' realm of knowledge or relict. To his fervid imagination it swells, as be proceeds, in pro- portion and importance, till it becomes! at '.' »l2ng h commensurate with philosophy itself, ' ' and appears as thebatis for a new and all embracing By stem of religion. In the <. original impression, of his work he seums but to have shadowed out the faint concep . lion of such a system. But .tbe germ bas .- since grown to gigantic proportions, abd tho work has been entirely re-written. Th* faith of the world Beerus to bim tb be dead " and buried. The relations of man to thc . universe, to himself, to God have been shaken and overthrown. History is dried up, philosophy has no VOÍCP, religion expires in euigmoB. The past is exhausted, the pre .' sent is chaotic, the future, save for one ray of light, remains dim, unmeaning, inexplicable. What remains bot to open toman new and -wider relations, to declare to him his true place io the universe, to ootnect bim with other beings, other worlds than his own, and -encourage him with the hope that oloBer com- munion with thotie beings and thoee spheres < may form his blissful and immortal lot? Man baB been taught too long to look apon himself as alone in the world of conscious neap, to consider his little speck of matter ! the Bole centre of life, intelligence and will. 1 The. ant has conceived hts ant-hill to bo the only scene of activity in the universe. And , this isolation of himself has naturally givon birth to an inordinate and ridi- culous conceit. Man has plumed himself upon being eupreme lord and master of crea- tion, and has absurdly fancied the whole forces of. matter and all the hosts of heaven to be made for his- contemplation or hifl ose. lt is time for thia silly ' pride to be humbled. And under tho chat toning hand of astronomi- cal study, rightly directed, mankind will for the future toko a humbler but a truer place ianthe order of animated being. Our humanity will assume a rank, though it be the lowest, ' among the' manifold humanities of. spaoe. One law of belief will henceforth emt for all -.the Beligion of Soieneo. Tho first of the five books into which the treatise of M. Flam* marion is divided consists of an elaborate bit'.ory of the doctrine in question. In ful no8B,ana accuracy ol ^earning he. n Bro,h?avfe8 behind : all'that'has .beeni compiled mpon .the subject by ''English'"'writers'. ' < In 'pHht ol logical effect,'' however; it would be'vain to attribute maoh,stri ngth to such a': ch ai a oî authorities. It ia curious aa a chapter jn the history of opinion. It form9 a tribute to the ihdustry'of the; compiler; but it p'roveB nothing inoré.' À cáteria cjiíito ¿a' . o(.ious: and authoritative might be OB readily drawo; out on the other side. - And in questions [o' pure acienco great nsmeäfjo for nothing. ¡A. single (not bf experiment or observation must be allowed to ¡outwùgh . the accumulated opinions and traditions oí centuries. It is j a matter of historic interest, buvnothing more,' that the idea.of the mbob1 and planetB being peopled was common to the earliest races of India and Egypt, that it entered into the Nirvana of the Aryan sage, in'o the,Chaldean and the Orphic cosmogonies, into the' celes- tial symbolism of bur'- Druid at.d Celtic fore- fathers, and into the : half-religious, balf philosopbie- mythology- of-<3reece. -It- wits caught, from' Egypt.1 by Thales, it was banded on by the-' whole Ionic sohool through Anàximander and Antximenes, till it reappeared ; in Origen and Descartes. It formed ono. of the charges of htresy that1 nearly proved fatal tb Anaxagoras,, BB it subse- quently added to the' doom of ' the unhappy Giordano Bruno. Pythagoras and Democritur, TÍ3103U3 of Looria and Aaohytas of Tarentum, Xenophahes and tho Eleatic school, were in harmony upon'this; ona point. Potronius of Bimera wrote a book.in'which be maintained chat the number of inhabited worlds was one hundred and eighty-three-ao. idea, says P.n-. tarcb,. which, -from;a ' mysterious , old sage, had spread for centuries as'far as'the , Indian seas. This mystical humber was made out hy viewing the' universe as a triang'e, the sides of which were .formed by sixty worlds, having eaoh angle further marked by a single i word. .Whether,, however, we. trace, the de- velopment of the idea through all the oscil- lations of opinion in the classical or rned;ro val agesV' in 'Lucretius' br 'anti-' horatius, Jin Nicolas of Gusa ; or in Montaigne, in Galilee, Kepler, - Huyghens, or Fontenelle, it must be obvious that' the value of their ..'testimony cannot exceed that of the considerations on which it reste.. In a scientific point of view it is no more to be quoted than it might be in favour of the existence of witchcraft or of ghosts. It is to the second br-physical ' portion of M. Flam .morion's work (hat wo ought to lock for the real grouuds of his - conviction. It is in this, however, that ' we feel more and more tho, vagué.and hypothetical nature of the problem. i It is impossible to do more than enunciate with somewhat mofe fulness, of detail the9e physioal Conditions 'which' Herschel,''Sir Pavid ; Brewster, and others have laid down, os limiting the possibilities of life elsewhere. On the relations of sense and other bodily functions to beat and light,' or those pt musonlar force, stature, 'and ac ion tb terres trial and solar gravity, nothing hew is here said, or apparently oan be said., A complete and highly graphic' popular doicription is in- deed given of the solar system,. and of its constituent orbs-of the distance, size, weight, and density of encb, together with the caleb, lated ratio of heat and light which each of the planetary bodies derives from the sun. And there is little need of the author's im- passioned rhetoric to enhance the testimony borne by these elementary facts of science tu the vastness, the harmony, or the majesty of creation. But they leave the real point of thc inquiry exactly where it was. The method ol final causes is next appealed to. Is ii possible to conceive that the beauty, the splendor, . the utility of this infinite system were designed to bo appreciated and enjoyed but by the scanty inhabitants of ono miserable little corner of the wholo? Francour, by way of giving us an original idea of thi earth's mass, calculates that to set in motion such a globe at tho surface of our planet would reqoireten thousand million teams of Un thousand million horses each. To start the sun declares ; M.. FJammarioc, not Jess th?», 3,5QÓ.O0Ó milliardsi of such teams would suffice. And is tbe giant to exist for'thi service and accommodation of the mito? J' is when he passes from the physical 01 physiological to the moral and the theological point of view that the writer is able to soar to the height of his argument. His method s'ems to be mainly that of assuming thr | universal diffusion of life throughout créa- J lion, and of leaving to tho gainsayer the task of establishing the right of the earth b o monopoly. Why should ours be theprivi leged wotld ? So far from being the be>t in a moral sense it is absolutely bad, and would: be. known for suoh but for the inveterate optimism -of its rulers, especially ils philoso- phers and priests; ' The fallacy with whibb M. Flammarion bas no patience is that whatover existB here is ; intrinsi- cally good. In face of the actual s tao of the world overy candid man must be a pessimist. The wolf is ever preying upoi the innocent sheep. Brutal force weighs down virtuous weakness. > Dark passions dominate here, base intrigues bear ru'c there. j\sin tho days of Brutus, good men may be counted on the fingers. Def re tho Supreme, indeed, -all ia optimism. Viowid as a whole, His works are all good, all bo)}, all beneficent. But where is this His rule carried out in fact ? Not on earth, we have seen. There must then be further and su- perior spheres of life and action ; and the plurality of worlds is a necessary truth in a philosophical sense, and demanded by justice in a moral sonso. Many .writers hare gone into the question, of the probable stature, strength, and configuration of our fellow? beings in other spheres. Christian Wp'fF long ago fixed the height of the inhabitants of Jupiter ot forty feet ¡bight inches. The Fourierists nave more recently imagined a kind of celestial hierarchy, in which the successive groups riso one above another, in analogy with those of the lower universe, into what M. Renaud has termed binivers, trinivers, quatrinivert,1 &a.; Tho planets themselves have souls, and die put, as ours will do, to give place to newer forms of planetary life. Swedenborg, every- body knows, grew so familiar with the in. habitants of the several planets in which lie was in tho habit of spending his leisure moments of .spiritual ecstacy, that he has left us little to find out tououing tho moral and other characteristics bf our brethren in thete abode's.';. The feelings with which we, in turn, inspire those remote relations of ours-the lively warmth ol Venus, the dignified calm ol Jupiter, the sardonic coldness of Saturn ?i\MtiW(¿ A.,h\:; ' L'S. úlvrr : jo .. ; . ! are not Josa; mattera of fact rand (veracity. Soienae, thus interpreted, points to a place tur ourf 'sort's among 1 those ; r«diánt: spheres. Transported among new cónditjons pt. exist- ence, tnèy may cbntraot or Tput; forth, powers akin to those of the happier beinga'whose lo bas'been already oast there.' And, as to whá' ¡ ?tiutf '""?r'b'e.'itïmakèsi the ib'outh .water to-! listen to .Sh. Flammarion lecluringVua. In an atmosphere "no longer composed' of oxygen arid fz ité, what' ills bf 'climate may not bi> spared those fortunate denizens ?'' The whole pulmonary apparatus ',ia ' doubtless modified, and with it tho nhole system of organic funo tidns'.: Iastead of tbe gross and olunosy plan of keeping tip thé bodily growth and .warmth by ! /food,' liquid and. .solid-rt He'' degrading expedient ' of " borrowing . for that ; end tilt. debris of other- beings,-and;-worst of ni', th4 ófkíllióg arid . devduripg"'those' endowed 'with' life-there miy bej jv system of "nourishing atmospheres"..composed pf. elements nutri- tious in tiiemaolves, and capable'of assimila- tion by' i organs of 'corresponding / ethereal texture, ' In the" general repeal of laws which belong to man's state, that' pf labor''nany' come in ifor-the' earliest ; abolition, and with it goes all, those : vulgar cares, appetites, an.d ombitións to winch so much of the misery hbo* ¿Híiui pf terrestrial Ufé aro due.. Vtoe wit I never have arisen, The-origin of evil, will offer no point for philosophers to wrangle over," lor. «vil itself will never, have stepped in. Another law " abrogated, pï/r^ther never set in force, will be that of ,,'deátbVÍ'"War and violence, excess und ,decay.'ibeingfunknown in. those happy regions, the ide*"rif:dying will bo out of the question. .'''jPeacS^nd right will reign undisturbed.; Thé^ver^^^últies'.of the intel- lect will partake orihe^pjirf'ty and" the eleva lion of the moral fnaturê.; : /The tedious au!d cumbrous processes of experiment arid obser yation will be replaced :by'a direct' and trans: | céndoritai ,vis\pp of trüttj.J, ' It seems as if the limits of.ilogiciitae'if 'will: be struck off us; fetters from' the spirit. The old problems insoluble here ? will . .seem, perfectly: .cor. temphblo. ' The circle ^will,hare been squiteir there long ago,,and philosopher's stenos will be picked up at 'he roadside. ' The elixir, of ife indeed will be unknown, because, BS w have-seen, it will be supeifluous. Art arid so. euee will enter, upon new phases. Nnaieiaticn will proceed by such'novel and unprecedented processes'that we tremble to pronounce .what two abd two 'may be'expected to maka in Mr'.' flammarion's developed universe. A new Mr. Cousin, moreover, . will be required to make the analyst of. thelaltered metaphysics du Beau, du Vrai et dil. Bien. Bat we are now dazzled and lose brèa.th.as we attempt to. fol- I low,-, M. Flammarion': in :his flight through space. It is magnificent, but it - is not science.- Chained to our. native earth, which* to his aspiring gazS. filled with the glories of other rronds, seems so imperfect and con: temptible- un monde informe, grossier, chelif miserable ti imparfait--we aré conscious m our inability; to soar to those heights ol eihorial speculation. We csn but s and by in respectful silenoe while he discourses to us of things that meet ' his inspired sight in the third heaven, and listen with wonder aud a we to, the rapture w.th which he proclaims, in such reasoning,, bia conviction of thc cir tain ty of his hypothesis, and invites us to look up with him, hat in bond, to the twink- ling faces of the stars as to tho abodes ot a humanity akin to, while surpassing, our own -Saluons ! mes freres, saluons toxis ; ce tant \ les Humanités nos sours jiu passenll-Satur . day Review. 