Tnr. Parliament has nain met after the Easter recess. But no light has hecn thereby thrown ttjion tho course that the business of the Legislature is likely to take, during the remainder of the session, in lite hands ot tho Ministry, or 011 the progress that will ho made with it. It was expected that the Chief Secretary, following tlic usage of Ministers in the JIousc of Commons, would, immediately on the meeting of lite Assembly, make a formal statement both of the business tho Government intended to take actively in hand during tho rest of tho ses sion, as well us of the order of precision, in which they would take each separate measure j and likewise of the bills they meant to throw over for tho present, at least, or until a more favourable opportu nity for dealing with thcin should uriso. Such an ollieial statement would at once put lion, members in possession of tho future of tho session; it would cnttblo them to regulate their attendance iu such a way as not to miss important business, on nny particular question, iu wliieli they arc specially interested ; it would thus set the mindof theHouScatrestwithreferencc to the work tobeal tcnded to during the clos ing days of tho session ; and it would enable the Ministry themselves to proceed, with order and arrangement, in the disposal of tho measures, which they had decided upon getting out of hand. The practice of these formal Ministerial anuounco- mentsbothin the ImperialandColonial Par liaments, is therefore a most convenient, proper aud desirable one, especially at the moment generally chosen for their adop tion, viz., that critical period of the Parliamentary session, when the House, having sat for four or li ve months, lion, members are beginning to weary of their unremitting attendance, and to look for ward to release from their labours, which the prorogation brings. It was then most natural to expect last ' evening that tho Ministry, followiug the usage of former G overnments and of foregoing Parliaments, would formally communicate to tho As sembly, through the medium of tho Chief Secretary, the course they meant to pursue in reference to the disposal of tho Govern ment business now before tho House — whether lliey intended to put off some of their measures to another session, and if so, what portion, as well as tho portion tlicy purposed going on with at once. An announcement of the kind was due to lion, members on the grounds 01 general ( sessional usage. x>ut it was more urgently called for, still, in consequence of tho extraordinary compli cation existing with respect to tho new taril!', and of tho crisis which is impending in connection with that question, and in refercnco to which so much anxiety pre vails in the public mind. Tho Ministry one it to themselves, to Parliament and to public opinion to remove all tho uncer tainly and porplexity arising from unne cessary delay in finally disposing of this truly " vexed question." And tho proper occasion for clearing away nil tho mist arising out of their unparallellcd procras tination on this topic, was tho ro-assem- Lling of Parliament yesterday evening. Mr. M'Culloch, however, not only mudo 110 such communication to tho Assembly ; hut tho lion, member, when questioned upon it, appeared to resent tho inter rogatory, as though ho felt it was an unwelcome reminder of an omitted and disagreeable duty. Conduct liko this, on tlic part of the Chief Secretary, is very pucrilo, and shows a great want of moral courage, on the part of that gentle man and of his Ministerial colleagues. Por tho day of reckoning is inevitable aud cannot be ignored, however peevish and fretful Ministerial gentlemen may feel at the black prospect of its stoudy and near approach. Tho M'G'ucr.ocir Ministry, however, instead 01 conjuring up courage enongu to fix at an early date, tho final exit of the tariff from tho Assembly, nnd its trans mission to tho Legislative Council, and instead of thereby limiting to a certain and definite point of time, tbo suspense and inconvenience of tho public in re ference to what the Customs lan' of the country will be during the remainder of tho year, nppear to shrink from the topic, as though to touch it wero fatal. Their cowardico upon' tho matter is positively ludicrous. Tho question is eternally coining up before their eyes, and haunting their vision, liko Banquo's ghost ; and over they nro seen recoiling back scared at tho apparition, — " dazed," aud cowed at tho prospect of its return. "Why not ' at oneo put an end to such self- inflicted torture, liko men who had some'boldncss of heart, and some faith in themselves ? Tho figui'o they cut in this critical juncture of their Ministerial career is abject and con temptible in tho cxtremo. And for tlic sako of their Ministerial manhood alone, they ought to take a bolder uud better conrsc. Instead, however, of shaping or arranging tho public business beforo tho Assembly in a way that would enable them to como quickly, and once for all, to the Tariff and tho Appropriation Bill, they fritter away the public timo by provoking discussions on the informalities lliey fall into in dealing with the mostcommonplaco matters, as was exemplified last evening, Mr. Higinbotiiam insisted 011 forcing the Public Works Consolidation Bill upon the House, notwithstanding that several, hon. members raised the very reason abio objection, that they were hot prepared to go on with the consideration of tho bill then, because, though set down for second reading. _ it had not been yet . printed and distributed amongst llio niembcrs of the H ouse. A great portion of the first division of the evening was consumed in unprofitable wrangling with gentlemen on his own sido of tho House upon tliis matter. And Mr. Sullivan came forward then, in his own ponderous way, to assist JIr. JIlGiN- noTitAM in frittering away tho timo of the House, by delivering a solemn prelection upon tho heinousness of the ofi'enco of imputing '' repudiation" to tho M'Culloch Ministry in tho a flair of the Ynn Yean water-rates fund. Now, all this is paltry bye-play — pitiful trifling with the requirements of the moment, which demand the grave and immediate consideration of the crisis that is looming largely close at hand. We cannot but deprecate, therefore, the wilful procrastination of the Ministry in facing the juncture, at the same timo that wo commiserate tho want of courage, which is the cause of the delay. Their triic course should bo quite tlic reverse. "It should lead them to got through then' impending difficulties as speedily as possible, and u,d not Defer?,- to tali? m feud Ihoso minor questions upon which they are now wasting so much lime. It is not as yet too Into to take this course ; aud if they arc wise they will at 'oneo adopt it. The Legislative Council so: ycstonlsy for rather more than on hour, anil tlicu adjourned until Thursday. The principal business in the Legislative Assembly lost night consisted in the considera tion of the l'ublie Works Lauds Consolidation and Amendment Bill. The measure only passed the second reading by a very narrow majority, ami in cjmmittec a long di-cussirm took place upon the assumption, that the surplus revenue derived from the Yan Yean water supply was to be diverted from its intended purpose nt extend ing tho. supply nnd providing tewoinge to the city, and devoted towards augmenting the sum to he raised for supplying the country districts with water. No definite result w s arrived at, hut it is probable Hint the discussion will be revived when the clause having reference to this subject is brought under consideration. I11 reoly to a question put by Mr. I-tvey, in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, Mr. M'Cul loch stated thnt it was not truo that the news papers which hud been posted in the street letter pillars, contrary to tire departmental notice, had hern destroyed, hut that they laid bien sent on to England, lie mentioned tlmt it was intended to erect more commodious piilnis than those now ia use. Mr. L. L. Smith lias given notice of his inten tion to move thnt the uniform rale of postage throughout the colony he reduced 'o t!d. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, JIr. Bindon gave notice of motion relative to the holding of exhibitions of industry and art ia the several capital towns of the Australian colonies in consecutive yenrs, nnd, contingent upon its bciug carried, that asutn of L1U03 lie appropriated towards defraying the expenses uf the first ex hibition to be held in Melbourne in tbu early part of next year. A froslt batch of agricultural lands is adver tised in the Gazette, ami in tin's day's Herald. The nrons of which the Innds are part, are Ynr- rainyljtip, Tnrrayouknn, Balmoral, Winynyung, Murndnl, Iloddlo, Wnnwnndyra, Wnrraiikoak, Jfertliyr, Ilumffrny, M'ecrangourt, Pcwbymliyr, Grassdalc, Pendykpendyk, Lowe, Karri. beat, Bib-bi'-wyt, Tntyoon, Cnndnh, Bnlruuk, Bal- rook, Drik-drik, Bessiebeile, Ardgray, Kowper- Innd, Robertson, Parkcs' Plains, Porbomeit, nnd Purrumbete. We linvo Sydney papers to the EOtli, nnd Brisbane to the 25tli nit. Auclri.nd journals have also reached us, via Sydney, to the 15th ult. I11 reply to inquiries, we have b;en requested to iutimnte thnt St. Phillip's Church, recently opened ia Iloddlc street, has been duly licensed by tho Bishop of Melbourne, for the perfirnmuce of ail the encraments, rites, and ordinances of tlic Anglican Church, nnd tlmt lire incumbent, the Rev. B. S. Walker, is a surrogate lor grant ing mnrringc licenses, to whom all applications should lie made, respecting the celebration of mnrriages or the publication of banns, etc. The following is a statement shelving the. number of letters nnd newspapers received at nnd despatched from Victoria, by the P. nnd O. contract steamers, during the month of April, 1805: — Received per Madras, 49,013 letters, 125,030 newspapers; despatched per Bombay, 48,238 letters, 70,773 newspapers. . Total, 07,911 letter, 204,803 newspapers. A deputation from the working men of Mel bourne, accompanied by Mr. Cope, M.L.A., nnd Mr. Berry, M.L.A., yesterday waited upon Hie lion, tho Chief Secretary, for tlic purpose of pre senting tho resolutions agreed to at 1 he public meeting held at St. Gcorge's-hall on the 10th ult. Mr. T. W. Vine, who rend the resolutions, stated that the opinions therein cxprcsed were those held almost unanimously nmongst the working classes. Mr. Douglass informed the Chief Secretary tlmt the deputation did not re present nny trade having a direct Interest in the tariff, but the working men generally, nnd it was their opinion thnt the Government should stand firm to their preconceived resolution, and that no. compromise or resignation would follow. He thought that the Government did uot know who were their enemies, but lie might slate, what was., not generally known, thnt they were to be found amongst the heads of departments who were engaged in bringing the Government into disrepute. He hoped that the course already enunciated would not b3 d viated from. JIr. Rico remarked that the reason of their coining to the Chief Secretary was thnt tlicy considered it unnecessary to petition the Legislative Assembly, as they had already done their duty, while they denied the right of the Uppcv House to interfere with the bill at all. Mr. M'Culloch expressed himself much gratified and pleased at receiving a depu tation from the working-men. Ho was aware that every effort htid been made by certain -parties in the city to overthrow tlic tariff in con junction with those wiio wero politically opposed to the Government. He maintained Hint the tariff did not affect the interest of trade in the slightest degree, but nt the present time it was in ns sound nud healthy a state i.s it had ever been. In Sydney, which city ho iiad just visited, trade was far morj depressed. Bnt whatever went wrong, the evil w is laid (0 tho taiilf. Tho Government had a great deal to contend with on account of the erroneous state ments which were put forth. 1 1 was, no dcubt, the wish of tbo soft-goods people that the torifT should, be. rejected, as the duty which they had been chnrgiug to their customers would then go into their own pockets. He could not see anything objectionable in the tarifF, nnd ho was as much interested as nny of those merchants who had been so loud in their expressions of disapprobation. It was the duty of the Government to carry it out in a proper manner, nnd so lQng ns the country stood by them they would he enabled to enrry it through. With reference to tho reinatks of the President of U10 Chamber of Commerce, that it wns well known that Ids (Mr. M'Culluch'a) private views were opposed to tho tariff, ho thought such a statement very unfair, inasmuch as it was not correct. He heartily agreed with the tariff, and in 1858 expressed n similar npinionr before tho constituency of East Melbourne. The Nicholson Government, in which he occupied tho olfico of Treasurer, proposed n revision of the tariff, but were unablo to carry it into effect. He felt that lie would he unworthy to occupy his position as head of the Administration if liis views were opposed to the tariff which they had proposed. In n matter of principle like thnt, ft. wns all important that tlic Government slieuld be united. The deputation then withdrew. Last Wednesday's I:athunt 'limes stated that intelligence lied been received to tlic effect thnt Ben Ilnli's gang paid u vi.it to J annua, tlic | station of Mr. Crojiper, about 12 miles from Forbes, on Saturday nlglit Ia»t. Tho villains nro said to liavo ransaekod tho horaoitend in scorch of firearms, but only succeeded . in ob taining a silver- mounted pistol ; and on going nway they took throe valunblc horses with them. JIr. Cropper was in Batiiurst on Saturday, and left here with Mr. Farrnnd for tbo Lneiiinn early on Sunday morning ; hut nt tho timo of his departure nothing was known of the bush rangers' proceedings. It is rumoured thnt the villains owe a grudge to JIr. Cropper, as lie has, on more tiian one occnsion, displayed consider able activity in aiding tlic police. JIr. Cropper, however, had prepared to give them a warm reception if they offered fo molest Iiiin, and there can be no doubt had lie been at home the scoundrels would havo paid dearly for their intrusion. The exhibition of gems and jewellery, colonial and imported, in the Royal Society's Hall, wns opened yesterday by ids Excellency Sir Charles Darling. The cxhibi's wero fairly numerous, and in some instances very flue. The exhibition will be. continued to-day. The annual general meeling of the share holders in Hie Nntionnl Bank wnslield yeslerdnj-, when a most satisfactory report was submitted, nnd n dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum declared paynhlo. A man named Thomas O'Brien, in the em- nlovijicnt of Messrs, Bclluian and Co.. qf the (iarlton Brewery, as traveller, was brought up yesterday morning nt tlic City Court on a charge of embezzling L19 153., the property of the firm, which it was alleged lie had received from Mr. Gec'ian, landlord f Hie Costlcinaino hotel, I.lltlo Bourke street, ns pnymcnt for beer. He wai also accused of embezzling L7, which lied been pnhl to him by JR. Louis Cohen, of tlic Druid's hotel. He was committed for trial on both charges. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the Free Presbyterian Church In Brunswick wni performed yesterday by Mr. W. Dods. Tho Rev. JIr. Ramsay initiated the proceedings, nnd after copies of tlic principal colonial jiurnnHhml been deposited in n jar by JIr. Brock, ono of the elders of Hie church, a handsome silver trowel was presented to JIr. Dods by tho Rev. JIr. Al'Vcau, llio minister, and the stone was laid, JIr. Dods declaring it to be sv.ril nnd truly laid. After tlic stone had been deposited, JIr. Dods delivered an address, nnd was fallowed by JIr. Gillies, M.L.Ai, and Jlessrs. Whitley and Jl'Vean. The church is to bo built in tlic Gothic style, and when completed will sent about 2G0 persons. Tlic ground upon which it is built wns presented to the congregation by JIr Win. Dods. The church, when completed, will cost L1200, nnd of this nmount over L400 has hecn already subscribed. JIr. Webb is Hie architect of tlic church, and Jlessrs. Ingham nnd Thewlis arc 1 he builders. Wo liavo been requested to correct nn error which occurred in our report of the athletic sports, held on Saturday last. Tho timo occu pied in tlic tnilc race is 6tnted to have been 5inin. lOsce., nnd the distance at which tho cricket ball was thrown was over 00 yards. The Supreme Court sat for a short timo yes terday, aud disposed of the divorce suits on the list, three in number. None of tlieni possessed nny feature of general interest. Ono was settled by tlic parties ; in another, a miner named Clements sought a dissolution of his marriage with liis wife, with whom lio was married only four years ago. There was 110 defence, and Mrs. Clements' misconduct having been proved, the Court pronounced a decree for n divorce. In the third ease, Richardson v. Richardson, tbo wife had died before tho proceedings could lie completed ngninst her. Her paramour, n man named Carter, had, however, been mulcted last term by a jury in 1,25 damages, and this sain, with costs, the Court ordered him to pay. Mr. Justice Molcsarorth will preside in tlic Equity Court to-morrow, nnd hear unopposed applications ia the Equity, Insolvency, and Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions of the Court. The Government are building n very extensive hall at Hamilton, to bo used as a land-office. According to the Spectator it ' will be a wooden building, utiput 130ft. long, and 40ft. wide. l'iuko is still committing great devastation, among the flocks in the Western district, Tho Hamilton Spectator, in reference to the ravages caused by t lie disease in that neighbourhood, says : — " Wn have every reason to believe Is true, namely, thnt on a station in the Victoria Valley, at the bend of the Wannon, there has boon a I0S3 since sheaving of 13,000 siieep, and that the pre sent prospects are most foreboding. It is feared by many Hint the disease will be carried down the river, and tlmt the whole Wannon country will beoomo infected. We enn only trust thnt these apprehensions may be unfounded. In an early article we intend offering same remarks on Litis disease, the virulence of which, we believe, may he materially decreased by nil attention ts its peculiarities and a careful study of its cvusos." A public meeting, in connection wi'h the Emerald Hill, Sacdridge, and St. ICilda Mutual TJ _fl 1. T1..M.1J 1 t 1 L I 1 ojcuuui -duuuwiy uiiu auvcsuueut i uu- vcrtiscd to bo held at the Mechanics' Institute, Williainstown, this evening, to explain the ob jects of tlic society, nnd to issue shares. The inquest on the body of Mrs. Esther Smith, late of Majorcn, whose deatli occurred suddenly and under suspicious circumstances, has been further ndjoumed until to morrow. At tlic inquest held on Thursday, at Majorca, on tho body of nn infant named James D'arey, n medical mnu named Kilburn wns committed by the coroner, Mr. V. M. Lnidraan, for 24 hours for contempt of court. Before discharging the jury the coroner thus referred to the incident mentioned: — "He had had a very disagreeable duty to perform that day, one which had never occurred before with liini during tlic many years lie had acted as coroner, nnd thnt was to commit a witness. Tiiat witness, Kilburn, had first sworn tlmt lie was n London surgeon and apothe cary, nnd afterwards admitted that lie luid sworn falsely. Many vnluable lives had been lost through unqualified pjrsons practising as medical men, and it was time sometliiug was done in the matter, to warn tho people of their danger." We extract the following relating to the shooting of a bushranger by the New South Wnies police from Hie Herald: — "Tho follow ing official telegram reporting tile shooting r.f one of the gang ot bushrangers infesting the Nortiicrn districts, led by Ward, commonly known ns 'Captain Thunderbolt,' was yesterday (28th) received from Tamworth : — ' Constables Norris, Dalton, and Lynch, with black tracker, came on Ward and other three bushrangers while in the net of robbing the Miile-inii. The robbers mounted their horses and gave fight. About forty shots were fired, and Dnlton shot down ono of them, John Thomson, who now lies in a dangerous state at Jlille. The bushrangers wore well mounted, and tho horses of the police were exhausted by long journeys. The others escaped." The intcrcolonl.nl telegraph has already com municated the intelligence that Miss and Jli'--. Dickson had been apprehended and remanded on n charge of horsestealing. The ryitncy Mommy Herald lias the accompanying par ticulars of tho singular circumstances wiiieii resulted in the arrest of theDicksous: — "It appears that at 5 o'clock yesterday morning the well known racehoises, Zenobia and Kildure, were about being taken to Randwick Racecourse, for the purpose of training. When thoy ranched the corner of Bourke street, on the Snud Hills, not far from Baptist Gardens, they were stopped by seven or eight men, who roughly dismounted the boys who were riding them, and took pos session of the horses. Mrs. Dickson was present nnd, having read a paper, two of the men mounted Zenobia and Kildarc, nnd rode off. Mr. Chnpman, the trainer, having at this time come up, was also seized, and prevented from taking any steps to recover tiie horses. After de taining the trainer UEd boys for some lime they were fct nt liberty, nnd they at once communi cated with the sgeutof Mr. Yeomnns, the present owner of the horses, and in whose name they nre entered for the Randwick rnees, and every step was taken to recover tho animals. During tiie day a charge of stealing" the horses was preferred against Mrs. Dickson, a search, warrant was also placed in tho hands of the police. Up to a lute hour last night no traces of tho missing horses had been diieovcred, although strenuous exertions hnd been used, not only by tho police, but also by mauy prirnto citizens who were friends of the owner. It will he remembered that the horses came into posses- rim of JIr. Yeomnns under n hill of sale from Miss Dickson, and that Mrs. Dickson since tlic insolvency of her dnugliter laid n ciaiin to Hictn, hut which she had not succeeded iu substan tiating. What the result of this extraordinary abduction of the horses will be it is impossible to say, but as His horses were in most of the prin cipal races nt Randwick, It is feared, even if tlicy nre rescued, that their chances of suceess will be materially injured. A reward of L20 lias been oflbred to any person who will give infor mation that will lend to their discovery. Zenobia is n cliesnut mare with white feet, and Kildarc is a black horse, with white feet, nnd star und snip on tlic nose." The Fencing Law Amendment Bill, intro duced Into the Legislative Council by JIr. Siadcn, was yesterday read a second time in that cham ber, nnd committed pro forma. The Hon. James Hcnty yesterday obtnincd permission from the Legislative Council to ab sent himself from thnt Chamber for tho re mainder of the session, in consequence ofdomes- tic afflictions nnd ill health. Tho order for tho 5?PW!l 0f t;ie -jiiuritSlb'.G Institutions Bill wns, on tho motion, of Mr. Ilervey, discharged from the notice paper of the Legislative Council yesterday. The Qiinrlz Reefs Drainage Bill was read a second time in tho Legislative Council yes terday. The usual monthly meeting of the members of the St. Patrick's Society was held Inst evening nt the ball of tire association, Bourke street west. A vacancy having occurred in llio committee by tbo l'csigention of JIr. Daniel Rowan, Messrs. Finn and Brognn were proposed for Hie vacant office, nnd the former gentleman wns nppoiutcd. After some conversation hnd taken plnce in refe rence to tlic late aununl festival, tlic proceedings terminated. Lnunccston papers <0 the 29th arc to hand. Tlicy enntnin no intelligence of the slightest public interest. We have received Port Louis journals to the 22nd March. A special meeting of the members of the Phil- harmonic Society was held last evening, at the Jlochauics Institute, at the instance of Mr. C. E. Horsley, who wished to have the opinion of the society upon the action taken by the com- mittee in reference to the purchase of a quantity of music from Mrs. Dredge. His Honour Sir Redmond Barry, the president of the society, occupied the chaid. To lay the case before our readers, it is necessary to state that in February, 1861, the late Mr. Dredge sent to England for a quantity of music, which included the Sym- phonies of Beethoven and Mendelssohn, and though he was not officially instructed by the society to do so, according to Mr. Horsley's statement, the pieces were intended for use of the members. In due course the music arrived from the Messrs. Novello, and the society have had the use of it for the last two or three years. After Mr. Dredge's decease, Mrs. Dredge, who was liable to the publishers for the cost of the music, offered it to the members of the committee for L40. They declined to accept it on the grounds that the financial position of the society would not warrant their making such an expenditure, and the result was that Mr. Horsley, who had recommended the outlay, was very much aggrieved by the course adopted by the committee, and called the meeting last evening for the purpose of passing a vote of want of confidence in them. Several speakers addressed the meeting, including Messrs. Horsley, Fisher, Blundell, Judd, and Exon. Mr. Horsley moved that the members propose a vote of want of confidence in the com mittee for the course that they had taken in refusing to buy the music, and Mr. Exon moved the negative as an amendment. The chairman then addressed the meeting, with the view of allaying the ferment that had been created, and suggested that some course should be adopted to prevent either the motion or amendment being put. The committee had offered to pay L25 towards the purchase of the music, and if the members would subscribe towards the remaining portion he would be happy to contribute L 3 3s., and he had no doubt that the balance would be raised by some other means, such as giving a concert or even a rehearsal, so that a small fee could he charged for admission. After some further conversation it was decided to withdraw the motion and amend- ment, and raise the money by subscription. A fancy baznnr was held yesterday, at St. George's-hall, by the ladies of Hie congregation of the Rev. I. llctlieriugtou's church, Collins street, towards liquidating a debt of LltOt) owing by the building fund. Lady Dnrling and Jliss Darling entered tho hall about 3 o'clock, nnd purchnsed something at every stall. A musical entertainment was given in the evening, in wiiiuii iui3i ruAj luios iiiiuueu| a>ii. >v. ii> Williams, and the choir of the Scots' Church, assisted by Messrs, F. and J. Ilowson and Mr. F. Litolf, took part, nnd several selections, vocal aud instrumental, were given iu n very creditable manner. Tho stalls are presided over by tlic Mcsdaines lletherington, Sprout, Thompson, Brady, Turnball, Wilkie, Roberts, nnd Rue, aud Mrs. Stewart officiates at the refreshment stall. The bazaar is to be kept open during the week. It would appear from the following from the Gcelony Advertiser thnt the exportation of wattle-bark is increasing : — " By the Pxiueesscf Wales, clipper ship, which snils iu u few days, 80 tons of ground bark will he forwarded to the English market by Messrs. Brcarly Brothers. These gentleman have already during llio course of the present year exported 100 tons of bark, which, if we may judge by the price obtained, viz., L14 par ton, is highly esteemed by con sumers in the old country. Although judging by tho announcements which from time to time nppear in tho adver tisements iu the English and colonial papers, tho Christy Minstrels would seem to be ubiquitous, it wns not until wo read the following extract from the A 'cwZealandcr of tlic 10th thnt we had any idea that Joe Brown possessed Hie faculty of appearing iu two places simultaneously. The journal mentioned says : — " One of the veritable Christy's Minstrels, and perhaps tho best known to fame, in the person of the celebrated Joe Brown, arrived by lite Claud Hamilton from Melbourne, and wns at ones engaged by tlic enterprising proprietors ot tlic (JulUernian Circus, Jlessrs. Greenberg mid Foley. Joe Brown makes bis' appearance for the first timo in Auckland at the l'rince of Wales Theatre this evening, wiieu doubtless there will lie uu over whelming house to witness ids debut. Tho clog-dnncliig of Joo' Brown is admitted by tho Press generally to ho a performanao which lias never yet been equalled." Now, Joo Brown danced the silver belt jig nt the Ilayinarket Theatre, Melbourne, on tiie 10th of April, when uccording to the- Auckland paper he was to ap pear at the Californian circus. ' Tho Hend-quartcra Banl will perform this afternoon from 3 to 5 o'clock, at tho Flagstaff Hill, the following selection of music :— Grand JIarcli, Galliiiick; quadrille, " Orplieo nux enters," Strauss; selection from " Un Ualle in Moschera," Verdi; overture, " l'nust nnd Marguerite," Siede ; waltz, " Immartcllen," Gung'I; selection from "Tancredi," Rossini; galop, Kielter; and " God Save the Queen." Respecting the recent discovery of oloiforous shale in New South Wales, the Sydney Herald says : — " Near Hartley aud also near Wollou- gong extensive seams of this mineral have been found — differing considerably from each other in appearance, in fracture and in yield, but both availnblo for the manufacture of this now universally-used hmiinating Huhl. The seam near Hartley — which was discovered in conse quence of some pieces of tlic mineral out cropping in the alluvium — is 5jft. in thickness, nnd is worked through a tunnel ; its situation is in the vale of Clwyd, about four miles from Little Hartley. The railway to Bntlmrst now in course of formation will cross, the Darling Causeway a little more than a mile irom the spot. Tho mineral is of a dark brownish colour, it is extremely toiigii, so that if striielrwitirai hnniincr the instrument will hound off' as it would from a blork of wood ; it lias a eoiiclioidal fracture, and doos not powder when broken. The land on which tho mineral wns discovered is tho property of JIr. Samuel, JI.L.A., and Mr. Want, who, in conjunction with some other gentlemen, are about to work the semn, and (o erect apparatus on the spot for Hie purpose of turning the discovery to profitable account. It is staled thnt the Hartley mineral was superior to Hint of the Bog-head, in consequence of its yielding a larger quantity of gas, aud conse quently of oil, and also of its froeriess from sulphur. Two feet of the gas made from this mineral gave, it was said, a greater illuminating power than 5ft. of gas obtained frovn ordinary coal. It whs estimated that a ton of tho mineral would yield about 140 gallons of crude oil." Miss Cleveland's Medea, although in many respects a fine and even powerful impersonation, is not equul to her Lcnh. Undoubtedly the most accomplished tragic actress wc have in Australia, this lady is still capable of disappoint ing expectations formed upon tier performance of the wniidoriuglicroinoof Hcrr Mozentlial's drama. English actresses are compelled by the exigencies of theatrical management to possess a much more extended pud varied repertory than their sister contemporaries of tiie French stage, ' and consequently have neither the time nor indeed the opportunity to concentrate their study upon a few roles. To some extent certninly, the versatility, thus ns it were compelled, affects the artist prejudicially ; and so it is that wo so seldom at the prescut day meet with an English actress who Is able to sustain with nn even consistency a character which, like Medea for instance, is formed upon ainoilclwhir.h, in every characteristic feature, so widely differs from tlic familiar creations of Ilia romantic drama. JVe refer rather to Jletlea as Euripides has imagined her, rather than to the hybrid of the mode'u play; to the fenrful and passionate enchantress of Hie Greik mytho logy rather tlnn to the ineloilramntie virago of tho piece which now nlono holds possession of the stage. Still sufficient remains of the an cient ideal to riffbrd tine scope for tho actress, nnd it is not, wo think, uneouipliimntnry, nnd certainly not untruthful to say Hint Mils Cleve land docs not occupy the whole of that scope. Her faults nre almost nil those of omission, tiie only serious ono slio commits being the maintenance of n kind of drawl, which at times is tiie reverse of pleasant. Of a certain provincial .articulation which seems ineradicable' wo will not complain, ns it seldom obtrudes itself offensively. But Miss Cleveland is decidedly atncnablc to the charge of over looking details, some of which arc absolutely essential to tlic consistent development of the character as the dramatist lias left it. Thus ia the scene in whluh Jason demands the children from her, and tlic myrmidons of the false Greek nre about to enforce liis will, Miss Cleveland altogether misses tho grand effect which her dis tinguished predecessors in the character knew so well how to produco. Medea throwing her arms round the children, exclaims, " Come, nud take them then ;" nnd there is no finer situatiou in the play than litis. But nt the Hnymarket the audience nro certainly not enlightened ns to Hie fact, for tiie passage is uttered without particular expression, Jason respouds hurriedly, nnd not only is the opportunity lost for exhibiting tho terrible fear lessness of Medea, but the portion of tho dialogue which immediately succeeds, and which ought to confirm Hint speciality of character, sounds almost meaningless. Still, as we have already remarked, there arc poiuts in Jliss Cleveland's impersonation which rcacii the. highest order of merit. Her recital of Medea's eventful history was the purest pathos, , nnd indeed in most of the situations where tho domestic feelings arc invoked, tld3 able actress was mistress of tho scene. The characters by which Jleden is surrounded are tlic merest shadows, and the ladies and gentlemen who represented thcin were con siderate enough not to endeavour to invest tliem i with inure tliau n shadowy kind of conse- quence. The performance owed nothing to. sceuic or decorative aid, cxcopt the introduo ; tion of a novel effect in the shape of n carpet,' whluh, laid down in Creon's palace, gava" oho quite a now idea of the furniture of the mythic' era. Miss Cleveland was loudly applauded throughout, aud called ut the termination of every act. To-night " Mueli Ado About Nothing" is announced for performance. To-night Mr. nnd Mrs. Heine give a concert, the first since tiicir return from Tasmania, at the Town-hail, St. Kildn. I-Ierr Von Kohl's performances were well attended lost night, and several of tho new tricks introduced were received with great applause. 