THE WESLEYAN CHURCH: ARRIVAL OF REV. W. TAYLOR. The announcement that the Rev. William Taylor, of California, would preach in the Pirie-street Wes-<*> leyan Chapel on Sunday morning, July 23, caused an unusual number of persons to attend that place of worship. The Bev. John Cope, who officiated, stated that through the non- arrival of the Penola, the Bev. Mr. Taylor was not present that morning, bnt he thought there was every probability of his being able to fulfil an engagement which he should make for him, namely that of conducting divine service in that chapel in the afternoon, at half-past 2 o'clock. The Bev. Mr. Cope then delivered an excellent discourse from Second Corinthians, ix. 15. In the afternoon the Eev. Mr. Taylor, who had arrived just prior to the service, conducted worship according to announce ment. The rev. gentleman discoursed from the text in. Acts i., 8 :— " But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth." He proceeded at length to speak of the command given by Christ to preach the Gospel, and of the necessity of receiving the power of the Holy Ghost to efficiently and efficaciously declare its precepts. He pleaded earnestly with his hearers to wrestle importunately with God, even as the disci ples did, to whom the words of tbe text were ad dressed, and who by a single sermon on a single day—the day of Pentecost—brought in thousands of converts to the principles of the Gospel. There was even a larger congregation in the evening to hear the Bev. Dr. Taylor. After the preliminary worship he announced his text from Ezekiel, xxxiiL chap. 11th verse—" As I live, saith the Lord God, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked ; but that the wicked torn from his way and live: turn ye, turn ye from your evil ways; for why will ye die?" Mr. Taylor in a very clear and definite manner, expounded the doctrine of free will, and made a strong and stirring personal appeal to each unconverted heart to receive the offers of mercy. That, he said, was the night of their decision and awful were the consequences involved in that determination. Eternal life and hap piness or everlasting perdition and despair would be the result. At the conclusion of the sermon the congregation engaged in silent prayer, in the midst of which the Rev. Mr. Taylor sang a hymn of exhortation and encourage ment —a proceeding which, if somewhat unusual, had a very solemn effect. The rev. , gentle man's manner is homely, quaint, and earnest, but withal attractive and powerful. His expositions are clear, his language flowing, and his appeals very practical and searching. He will remain in the colony, it is expected, for two or three months, and intends to work hard, if we may judge from the, commencement of his ministrations. The twenty-first anniversary of the New Church' was celebrated by a tea meeting, held in the Tempe- i rance Hall, North Adelaide, on Friday, July 7. Upwards of 100 persons sat down to the tea, which took place at 6 o'clock. After the tea tables had been cleared away a public meeting was held, which was attended by about 300 persons. Mr. James Hastwell, of Penfield, was voted to the chair, and |opened the proceedings by calling upon Mr. E. G. Day to offer prayer. The Chairman then made a few appropriate remarks, and the choir commenced the evening's entertainment by performing the introduction to the Oratorio "Paradise," and Mr. Edwards sang, in excellent style, " Bright, blissful state." The Chair man then called upon Mr. E. G. Day to deliver the first part of his lecture on the " Church of the Lord's Second Advent." After a few introductory remarks, the lecturer proceeded to define what he conceived was meant by that New Christian Church, which many wise and good in the various denominations understood to be prefigured by the " New Jerusalem." The Lord's second advent, he considered was not to be a coming again in person, but a spiritual coining to be manifest in the opening of the true spiritual meaning of the Holy Word by a suitable human agent, who would be enlightened to teach the true doctrines of the Bible, and by reconciling the apparent contradictions of the Scriptures, show the harmony existing between revelation, reason, and science. This, he affirmed, had been done in the doctrines of the New Jerusalem Church, which he then briefly sketched in relation to the unity of God, and the Divine Trinity, as existing in the glorified person of Jesus Christ, in whom dwelleth all the fulness of the Godhead bodily, and who is consequently the visible God, in whom is the invisible and therefore the only true object of worship. The end of creation was shown to be the formation of an angelic heaven out of tho human race. The Divine Providence, the constant operation of Divine laws promoting that end. "The redemption of the world by Jesus Christ," also for the same gracious purpose. The true nature of the Holy Word as the grand medium of the conjunction of the human race with the Lord, and thus of the salvation of man—the eternity of heaven and hell—the true nature of the soul and the necessity of charity, faith and good works, and the existence of free will to make man a rational and a responsible being.formed the concluding topics of the first part of the lecture. In the second part the ideas of marriage entertained in the New Church were distinctly stated and at some length; also the doctrine of the here ditary transmission of the parents* dispositions to children and the practical importance of infant train ing upon the future life of the child in both worlds. The lecturer concluded by showing the influence of all the past conditions of religion upon the present state of the Churches, and the ap proximation of religions ideas to one universal Church, and claimed the good of all denomi nations as really belonging to the " New Jerusalem, the Church of the Lord's Second Advent." The lecture was listened to with deep attention, and the lecturer resumed his seat amidst applause. Mr. W. Holden gave a short and interesting sketch of the origin and progress of the Society during the 21 years ending July 7,1865. It was 21 years ago that day since the New Church had been first established in Adelaide by Mr. Jacob Pitman, who, with his family, arrived in May, 1838. The services of the Church were held at Mr. Pitman's residence for a period of three years and eleven months, when, after a lapse of a fortnight, the Oddfellows' schoolroom, in Way mouth-street, was engaged for that purpose, where the services were conducted till the year 1852, when the present place of worship in Carrington-street was erected, and where divine worship has since been regularly held. The sketch contained many other interesting particulars.' After having concluded his brief record'of the progress of the New Church in Adelaide, Mr. Holden made an earnest and eloquent address in defence of the doctrines of the Church, and wished all to examine the writings before condemning them. Several other pieces of sacred music were per formed by the choir at intervals during the evening in a manner which elicited hearty applause. A vote of thanks was unanimously accorded to the ladies and gentlemen of the choir, and the meeting closed with the Benediction being pronounced. A soiree and lecture in connection with the Catholic Young Men's Society was held on Wednesday even ing, July 19, at the South Australian Assembly Rooms. There was a very large attendance, the large room being completely filled. The chair was taken by the Bev. J. Smyth, President of the Society, who introduced the lecturer (Esv. C. Reynolds, of Mor phett Vals). The lecturer stated that the subject he had choEen for the night was one he had no doubt would be very instructive, viz., "The History of Coins." He divided bis subject into two parts. In the first part he treated on the coins used during the Jewish and Roman era, dwelling for some length also on the ancient Greek coinage, and minutely describing the coins used by the Jews and ancient Romans from the time of Abraham down to the fall of Rome. In the second part he confined himself to the British coinage from a time before the invasion of Briton by Julius Caesar down to Hie time of the Commonwealth. At the conclusion of his lecture he stated that he hoped at a future time he would be able to give them an interesting account of the coinage from the time of the Commonwealth to the reign of the present, sovereign Queen Victoria. The Chairman then stated that he hoped the next social meeting they would have wonld be in the large room of the Catholic Institute, next the Cathedral, the building of which was about to be commenced immediately. During the evening the entertainment was enlivened by some excellent songs, quartetts, and choruses. Mr. Heberlet pre sided at the piano, and the singing was conducted by Mr. Mumme. Votes of thanks having been passed to the lecturer, the ladies and gentlemen of the choir, and the Chairman, a very pleasant evening was brought to ft close. A correspondent informs us that a Vestry meeting of St. Mary's Church, Sturt, was held on Friday, June 30, at which there was a large attendance ; the Rev. W. D. Williams was in the chair. It was an adjourned meeting to consider the propriety of build ing a schoolroom at St. Mary's, and the collectors appointed at the previous meeting handed in their lists, by which it appeared that the sums paid and promised amounted to £150, including subscriptions from the Governor, the Bishop, Chief Secretary, the Deau, and other friends in Adelaide and the neigh borhood of the Church. As about £250 will be required, it was determined to request further contri butions. Mr. A. Jaffrey's name was added to the General Committee!, and a Building Committee was appointed, consisting of Dr. Burton, Messrs. H. J. BicUroan, |W. A. Hughes, W. Haneox, B. Thornber, and F. Weaver; Mr. Hughes being chosen Treasurer. The spot selected is situate a little to the north of the present Church, being the site of the first church of St. Mary's, and as the Bishop is the Trustee of the ground the Incumbent was requested to write to His Lordship on the subject of the proposed building. The plan of the room was produced and approved, and the Building Committee authorized to have the foundations put in at once, and proceed with the building on £150 being paid into the Bank to credit of the fund—such foundations to be of concrete and the walls of stone. It was resolved, for the satisfac tion of subscribers, "That the subscription- lists be published with the balance-sheet, on completion of j the building." The anniversary services of the Methodist New Connexion Sunday-School were held in the Church, Franklin-street, on Sunday, July 16. The morning service, in the absence of the Rev. J. Maughan, who was presented from preaching through indisposition was conducted by Mr. Gore, who discoursed from Psalm Ixxxv. 6. The children attending the Sabbath School were addressed in the afternoon by the Rev. Samuel Ironside. The same rev. gentleman also officiated in the evening, and based his sermon upon the text John xv. 10. Collections were made after each of the services, and amounted to a very considerable sum. 