DR. CLIFFORD AND THE ARCH BISHOPRIC OF WESTMINSTER. The Hon. and Right Rev William Joseph Hugh Clifford, D.D., who is generally spoken of a likely to be the successor of Dr. Wiseman in the Catholic Archbishopric of Westminster, is the second son of Hugh Charles, seventh Baron Clifford, of Chudleigh, and is brother of Charles Hugh, the present peer, and of the Hon. Colonel Henry Clifford, C.B., V.C., Assistant Adjutant General, and of the Hon and Rev. Walter Clifford SJ. His mother was the only child of Thomas Weld, Esq., of Lulworth Castle, who at the decease of his wife (daughter of the Hon. Thomas Clifford) entered holy orders and became a bishop and was. created a cardinal by Pope Pius VIII. in 1830: Dr. Clifford commenced his education at Hodder place, the preparatory' school for Stoneyhurst College, in Lancashire., In 1833 be was sent to Rome, and entered as a convictor of the College dei Nubill or College of Nobles, and continued his studies there till the year 1844. It is the privilege of that college to deliver a Latin oration before the Pope and Court of Rome on the 15th of August (the Feast of the Assumption), in the Liberian Basilica. In 1840, Dr. Clifford was selected by the rector for that honour, being then only in his seven teenth year. His lordship returned to England in 1844, and was successively at Prior Park, near Bath, at the Universiiy of Louvain, at St. Bennos, in North Wales, where he took his degree of D.D. He was ordained priest at Clifton by the most Rev. Dr. Hendren in 1850, . and after a short visit to Rome, returned to Eng land, and accepted the office of secretary to Dr. Errington, then Bishop of Plymouth, and was at the same time named a canon of that Catholic diocese. On the appointment of Dr Errington to be coadjutor to the late Cardinal Wiseman in London, Dr. Clifford was elected by the Chapter at Plymouth their vicar capitular, and in this capacity he assisted at the second pro .-vincil council, held at Oscott the same year. On the consecration of his cousin, the Most Rey. lDr Vaughan, as successor to Dr. Errington,. Bishop Clifford again repaired to Rome to pursue a course of cannon law at the English College in that city, and in the beginning of the year 1857 was named by the Pope Bishop of Clifton, and was consecrated by his Holiness himself in the Sistine Chapel on the 15th of February of the same year. As a great deal has been stated in tbe papers of late regarding Dr. Clifford's and other Catholic Bishops chances of succeeding Cardinal Wiseman in his bishopric, it may be well to give our readers exact information regarding tbe mode of election to Catholic Bishoprics in England, and at the same time, premise that we have received this information from a competent ecclesiastical authontv, .Within one month from the death of tbe bishop the chapter is summoned by the archbishop, or, if he he dead, by the senior bishop, and, after a mass of the Holy Ghost has been celebrated by one of their number, a, once proceed to vote, in the presence of the presiding: prelate, for three individuals whose names after ~ each majority are inscribed alphabetical y on three scrolls — one to be expedited to Rome,.... another to be kept by the archbishop or bishop' presiding, and the third to be retained by the chapter in their archives. The bishops after wards meet on an appointed day, discuss the merits or qualifications of each of the three - nominees of the chanter, and in their turn send - to Rome the result of their opinions. The Car dinal Prefect of Propaganda afterwards submits these names to the Pope for his choice. In the ; case of the archdiocese of Westminster we are enabled to state that this form of election has not yet been gone through, and no one therefore can guess who may be the nominees of the late : Cardinal's chapter. There exists, however, a law of the court of Rome by which all the benefices , held by a cardinal, his bishopric included (should he be a bishop), lapse to the Pope directly, and - can be filled up by bis Holiness without proceed ing by any form of election; but should Pope Pius IX. intend to exorcise his supreme power in the , ' . Catholic Church in this way with regard to ' Cardinal Wiseman's successor, no intimation whatever of his Holiness's intention has as yet reached England. — Western Daily Press. ; Polish Refugees. — According to ihe Pall Mat Gazette, tbe number of Polish emigrants recently arrived from Switzerland is very considerable. The numerous arrests made at the end of last month at Warsaw have determined many Poles to emigrate, lest the same fate should overtake them. A few days. ago a number of revolutionary proclamations were distributed amgng the congregations of the'- Capuchin Church at Warsaw. The copies of this - proclamation were either passed through the crowd,^ secretly put into the pockets ef persona at service, or placed in the pews before the arrival of the congregation. At the conclusion of divine service, many of the coagregation were arrested by the police, because unable to give the name of the 'person from whom they received the pamphlet. A feeling of suspicion is introduced even into family circks. M. von D ? , a landed proprietor.., recently reproached his son in harsn terms for his bad conduct; a scene ensued and terminated in a rapture. He went, forthwith, to the authorities,., ahd denounced his father for pfrticipatiou in the late insurrection ; the father was arrested, tried by ; court-martial, and transported a few days ago to ? Siberia. Forsaking the Would. — The Court Journal ? says:— A great sensation has been produced by the retirement to a Leitrim Convent, of tbe Order of' Lea Pauvres Claires' (of which tbe Hon Mrs. Law, a recent convert to Rome, is abbess), of the two youngest daughters of tbe late Henry Grattan, Esq., and granddaughters of .' the celebrated patriot. On taking the irrevooa ble.Vown of tljis austere order— austere even in t.lie- dress, which is a plain bl.aok coarse garment,, u black veil, a girdle, and sandals — these inter esting young ladies by tbeir fatber'swill forfeit itieir ample fortunes of £20;000 each, M. Haussmati, the Prefect of the Seine, has ? icsolved upon giving the name of ' Julius Caesar'** to one of the streets of I'd via. 