CHRISTMAS DAY AND BOXING-DAY FESTIVITIES. The Christmas holiday time has been celebrated this season with a right good will by all classes of society. Both gentle and simple have apparently found both means and inclination to inter into the enjoyment of the time with spirit. To this the weather no doubt contributed not a little, for it has been very propitious. The liberal excursion fare policy of the railway department, too, has cer tainly helped materially to a very general indulgence in holiday keeping. Never be fore were the trains so loaded. On both up and down passages the trains were long, and were filled to overflowing, and it ia highly creditable to the officers of the department that every possible accom modation appears to have been provided for the excursionists, and that no casualty has occurred. At least none has been reported, and as few things are less likely to escape publicity than a railway mishap, we infer that no such thing has happened. Some thousands of people of all ages have taken advantage of the excursion fares, and we fancy the department will find it to be a good thing to repeat so liberal an experiment. On New Year's day the fares will be the same as at Christmas, and though there may not be quite so many holiday folk then as now, we have no doubt that a sufficiently large patronage will be accorded by the public to make the experiment a gratifying success. In the town, business of all ordinary kinds has been quite laid by during Christmas and Box ing day, but the influx of pleasure-seekers, and the festivities celebrated, have made the town busier in appearance than on ordinary business days. We proceed now to note in succession the several gatherings, whether for pleasure or other purposes, during the two holidays, and, as being the largest, we commence with THE CHARITABLE INSTITUTIONS FETE. The fair in the Botanic Reserve on Boxing day, in aid of the funds of the District Hospital, the Be nevolent Asylum, and the Orphan Asylum, was again a success. The weather was gloriously fine, and there were from 7000 to 10,000 persons present. This was not so great a number as was on the ground last year, but that was the first fair, and the charm of novelty drew some, no doubt, whom no thing else could attract. Then it must be remembered that last year there were not such enticing railway fares as to allow people away to the sea-side, so that, all things considered, we may perhaps be justified in assuming that the attendance at this fete may be regarded as more like what it is likely to be in future than the first gather ing was. In spite of the hard work and careful fore thought of the committee of the fete there were several defects in the organisation this year. We mention this, and shall take the liberty of making one or two suggestions, because we wish, as we are sure all do, to see what is most likely to be a permanent festival for an excellent ob ject made as perfect as possible in its attractions. It is, of course, impossible for the committee to make workpeople and contractors keep promises when they are disposed to break them; and it is equally difficult to coerce people to do that which they ought to do without coercion; and thus is to be explained the fact that a great many of the arrangements at the fete were not completed till half the day had gone, and others were never completed at all. The weather, prior to the fete, was against the contractors; and, so far, they must be excused for some of the erections being unfinished when they were wanted for use. But the committee of management, if it wishes to secure a full amount of patronage and to make the fete an institution must jealously guard its own honor. It must be careful to make no promises which it does not fulfil. The members of committee, one and all, should lay it down as a rule to be carried out, that the Ballarat Charity Fair shall be a festival where its patrons shall realise all that the programme promises. Tbis was not so this year. There was no beehive, no merry go-round, no punch and judy, no swing- boats, no racing, no back sword or fencing exercises, no Highland fling in costume, no climbing the greasy pole, no bovs sack race, no may-pole, no Jack- in-the-green, no Chinese acrobats "in their grand war scene, &c.;, &c.;, no last of the explorers' camels, no cheap Jack." Possibly the committee intended that all this should have been diflerent, but if the fete is to keep its hold on the public, the committee must see to it that it will be able to realise its intentions. Of course if entries for events are not obtainable events cannot come off, but our remarks are not pointed at such unlikely contingencies as those, but at the vice ol making either reckless or unwise con tracts with the public to said public's disappoint ment, and the certain injury of the fete for the fu ture. It will be better to have a less glowing pro gramme and carry it right out, than to aim at more than can be or is compassed. We are of opinion that it would answer the pur pose, of the general committee, as a matter of busi ness to add several things to its stock-in- trade. It should have its own boats and merry-go-rounds at any rate, for they will pay for themselves hand somely, and if there be not genius enough in our amateurs to create a Punch and Judy, also, we mis take the quality of Ballarat capacity in that way. It is of moment that at this fete there should be a great variety of attractions for mere amusement seekers. Without this the crowd soon wearies, and besides that the opposite does not pay. We are well aware that the committee knows this, but we are also aware that somehow or other there was this year a deficiency in this respect. There are several things we would suggest further in ail of the creation of a permanent and a permanently successful fete. The programme, as we have already said, should be cer tain; the archery ground should be permanently fenced for the public safety, and the reasonable con venience of the archers; boys should be prevented from climbing the trees, as it is dangerous and helps to injure the trees and break off the already too scant foliage, as without shade the reserve will not be patronised at all in such weather as must always be hoped for on the fete day; two or three planks should be placed jutting out over the water within the reserve, so that picnic parties may readily serve themselves with clean water for drinking; there should be as much music as possible, as without an almost constant flow of that enlivening element, things got dull, and the pleasure seekers begin to ask themselves what they are getting for their money. Then, if instead of absurdly pro hibiting the entry of perambulators, and thus keep ing mothers of families at home, a better guard were kept over the privilege given to owners of horses and vehicles, it would be better for the public safety. Several very narrow escapes from serious accidents from horses and vehicles occurred during the day, and we are of opinion that horses and vehicles, save for purposes of fete business, should not be allowed, within the oval on any account whatever. It may be said, perhaps, that we are too exacting, but we may remark that, whatever tends to make the place and fete attractive and convenient, will tend to make it pay, that is within the limits of reasonable ex penditure, and we take it that the things we have mentioned will mostly come within that limitation. And now we come to the more agreeable task of com mendation. We must congratulate the managing committee upon having accomplished so much. We know the many weeks of hard work and anxious solicitude which the leading members of the com mittee, and Mr Watson, the President, especially, had to go through, and we are certain that it is not to them that any defects in the fete must be attri buted. They ransacked their own shrewd wits and turned to account those of a good many others in order to make the fete what it was, and they have done a good work. The public, too, has responded liberally. Of the thousands at the fete large num bers came from the country round, and they will carry home their own accounts of the gathering. This will be an advertisement for next year for either good or ill, and it is in sight of this fact that we have urged what we have urged on the head of curing apparent defects. The town was early astir with the business of the day and the procession was formed in Sturt street soon after ten o'clock, under the auspices of Marshals J. McDowell, J.Eddy, F. Nicholl, J, Walker, and R. Jones. The two fire brigades were in the front, headed by the brass band of the Ballarat Volunteer Rangers, and after them, with their banners, came lodges of the G.U.O.O.F., the M.U.I.O.O F., the A.I.O.O.F., the A.O.F., aud the Archery Club, the orders having their scarfs and the archers their "coats of Lincoln green.' The lady archers also followed in three vehicles. Besides these, the children of the Benevolent Asylum joined tho procession at Ascot street, carrying little flags, and the merry music of the drum and fife band of the B.V.R. formed a plea sant item in the march. On arriving in the grounds, Mr Charles Walsh, of histrionic renown, arrayed in tragico-comic costume, made an oration as the herald of the day, " authorising all female vendors of mer chandise to use all lawful arts and wiles to lure from all bachelors of kindly look and easy means, such superfluous coins of the realm as they may possess and warn all cosherers, or idle purposeless varlets and wanderers, not to linger within the precincts of the fair." The Mayor of Ballarat, Mr Gilbert Duncan, then declared the fair opened, and the work and pleasures of the day began, and the managers of the fete gave themselves to it with earnest spirit. The committees of the Hospital, Benevelent Asylum, and Orphan Asylum, and deputies from all the friendly orders, and both fire brigades, were the gentlemen who had this arduous duty to discharge aided as they very efficiently were by ladies who undertook the management of the bazaar. Of the ladies, and their powers of fascina tion, let all those speak who went into the rotunda with moderately filled purses and came out with nearly empty ones. Of the shows, booths, bazaars, and so forth, we may state that the necessary erec tions mainly described an oval and occupied that portion of the Botanic Reserve to the northward of the Botanic Garden, and bounded on the west and east by the main fence and the carriage drive. Next the fence was placed "Richardson's Theatre Rural " the exterior representing Shakspere's house at Strat ford-upon-Avon, supplied with practicable doors leading into the theatre, aud in every essential ot size and contour, presenting the counterpart of the house at Stratford. This was admirably painted by Mr J. Ransford. The theatre was provided with a drop scene painted by Mr Stanfield, a pros cenium by Mr L. E. Bruun, and a quantity of other scenery and properties by Mr Ransford and assistants. The stage machinery and appointments were very complete. Mr Thomaa King led the or chestra. The Crown and Anchor Dancing Booth, 120 feet in length, floored with pine timber, and well ventilated, was situated directly opposite to the theatre. Wombwell's Menagerie occupied a place at the northern extremity of the oval, and the Fancy Bazaar at the southern end in the rotunda. The other portions of the oval were occupied by publi cans' and confectioners' booths. Within the oval near the confectioners' booths was the apparatus of the Wieland Brothers, and a gymnastic stage (40 feet square, and floored with tongue and grooved boards), Without the oval were aunt-sallys, archery apparatus, &c.; The maze attached to the Botanical Gardens was, by permission of the borough council, thrown open for the first time. The band placed in the music pavilion played classical and popular music throughout the day. The Wieland Brothers per formed aerial feats, including the leap for life, from polos 50 feet in height, and other clever gymnasts performed feats on the stage. At the theatre there was performed, "for the first time, a new sensation drama, replete with striking tableaux, startling effects, aud astonishing situations, en titled ' My Pretty Jane, the Peaceful Daughter of the Peaceable Prelate of Pevenaey Pound; or the Squatter and Robin the Ploughman,' produced under the direction of Mr C. Walsh of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, by kind permission of Barry Sullivan, Esq." The characters include-Robin, the Plough man, Mr Walsh; Old Maybush, Mr Bendall; Sir Row land Macassar, the Cruel Squatter, Mr Fawcett; In spector Kabat, Mr Louis; Solomon Sleepy, Mr Carey Jane Maybush, the victim of the Cruel Squatter, Mrs Searle; Nancy Bell, Miss McDonald. After the happy recognition of the faithful lovers, Robin and Jane the invocation, "Bless ye, my children,"-the innocent protected and the guilty confounded - there will be the "supernatural appearance of the ghost," a grand transformation and the commencement of the "new comic Christmas pantomime,' in which Miss Pagan, from the Haymarket Theatre, Melbourne, will appear as Columbine. The theatre was crammed every time the house was open, and the beautiful music of the military band was one of the best treats of the day, while the theatrical performances, both inside and outside, ab solutely transcend all criticism. The dancing booth was crammed all day long, and by quiet and orderly people, Mr Chittle acting as M.C. The committee wisely refused to allow the booth to be lit up, and thus the unexceptionable character of that enter tainment was secured. The bazaar had an annex with flowers and refreshments, and all its cepartments were ably managed by Mr Lovitt, as superintendent, and the following ladies: at their several stalls, aided by the assistants they procured to assist in what was universally called the "swindles" of the day:-No 1 stall, Mrs Levin son, Mrs Hill, Miss Reisky and Miss Dunn; No 2. Mrs Steinfeld, Miss Bruun and Miss Zallenger; No 3. Mrs Cohen and Miss Reisky; No 4. Mrs Dimelow, Mrs Grundy, Mrs White and Mrs John son; No 5. Mrs Deeble and Miss Bearpark; No 6. Mrs W. M. Brown, Miss Mack and the Misses Brown (2); No 7. the Misses Abrahams (2), Miss Arthur, Miss Dusautoy and Miss Cowx; No 8. Mrs Lovitt, Mrs Morrell, Miss Martin and Miss Gant. flower Stall-The Misses Holland (2) and others. Refreshment Stall-Miss Major, Miss S.Taylor and others. For the post office and telegraph office, ladies were also appointed, and other arrangements were likewise made to render the bazaar a complete success. The publicans, confectioners, and fruit vendors did a heavy business all day, and we notice that Cres wick sent a boniface to the fete this year, in the person of host Rogers, of the British hotel, in what Mr Cooper calls that " suburb " of Ballarat. The Archery Club, under Captain Eason, Lieutenant Parry, and their colleagues kept the bow and arrow busily at work all day, and we append the results. It will be seen by the scores in the several events that the ladies, whether with bows made by the firm of Cupid and Co. or otherwise, shot their arrows far more effectively than did the gentlemen. The archery events were as follows, the names only of those who scored being given, and the highest scorers being the prize winners. First event, ladies, 40 yards; prize, two dozen arrows:-Mrs Morris 2 r, 4 b, 1 bk-37; Mrs Eason 1 r, 3 b, 2 bk, 3 w-31; Mrs Parry 1 g, 1 bk,3 w-15; Mrs Munro 2 bk, 2 w -8. Second event, ladies, 40 yards; priz>, two dozen arrows:-Mrs Eason 1 g, 2 r, 1 w-21; Mrs Morris 2 r, 2 bk, 1 w-21; Mrs Parry 1 r, lb, 1 bk, 1 w-16; Mrs Munro 2 bk, 5 w-11. First event, gentlemen, 60 yards; prize, one dozen arrows: Clark 2 b-10; Parry w-1; N;choll w-1. Second event, gentlemen,80 yards; prize one dozen arrows: Parry 1 r, 1 w-8; Clark w-1. Third event, gen tlemen, 50 yards; prize, two dozen arrows:-Parry 1 r, 1 bk, 2 w-12; Clark 2 b, 1 w-11; Stanton 1 g, 1 w-10; Herd 1 r, 1 w-8; Munro 1 r-7; Nicholl 1 r-7. Fourth event, gentlemen, 40 yards; prize, one dozen arrows:-Clark 1 b, 1 bk, 2 w-10; Munro, junior, 1 r, 1 w-8; Evans 1 b, 1 w-0; Nicholl 1 b-5; Parry 3 w-3 ; Lloyd 1 w-I. Mr Levinson acted as treasurer of the fete, and by his courtesy we learn that he received £950 odd cash during the day. To this liava to bj added £224, obtained from the tale of booths and one or two other items, including the sale of tickets of admission to the grounds, premium paid by the owner of the menagerie, and other small matters. It is computed that the gross proceeds of the fete will be about £1200, but at present we cannot state the net results nor the classification of the revenue. The Ballarat Fire Brigade made a complete provision against casualties by fire. The engine and hose of the brigade were brought up and coupled, the suc tion pipe was laid in the swamp, and thus at a moment's notice, with the aid of the experts of both brigades a fire, even on so hot a day, would have had but small chance of doing much damage. It is matter for congratulation, however, that no casualty whatever of a serious kind occurred, and soon after sundown the grounds were nearly deserted, and quiet had succeeded to the busy money-making and pleasure-taking of the second Charity Fair in Ballarat. 