TOPICS OF THE WEEK, By the Wonga Wonga we have Melbourne papers to the 23rd inst. All the intelligence of importance has been anticipated by our telegrams. In another column will be found the latest commercial reports. A Gazette Extraordinary was published on Mon- day afternoon, containing the appointments of the New Ministry, as follow :— John Hart, Esquire, M.P., to be Chief Secretary, vice the Hon. H. Ayers, re- signed ; James Penn Boucaut, Esquire, M.P., to be Attorney-General, vice the Hon. R. B. Andrews, resigned ; Walter Duffield, Esquire, M.P., to be Treasurer, vice the Hon. A. Blyth, resigned ; Laving ton (-Hyde, Esquire, M.P., to ba Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration, vice the Hon. H. B. T. Strangway, resigned ; and the Hon. Thomas Eng lish, M.L.C., to be Commissioner of Public Works, vice the Hon. P. Santo, resigned. Notice has been given in the Legislative Council for a Select Committee to confer with a Committee of the House of Assembly, with a view to the amend- ment of the Constitution Act. The Fencing Bill caused considerable discussion in the House of Assembly on Wednesday, and a long and learned debate occurred as to the correct mean ing of the words 'great and small cattle.' The Bank of Adelaide Bill was read a second time, and passed through Committee, the consideration of the report being fixed for Tuesday next. Explanations were made in both Houses of Parlia ment on Tuesday, and warm debates ensued. The in congruous elements of which the Ministry consist were forcibly and indignantly pointed out ; and their want of a policy (except where they had appropriated the policy of their predecessors) was severely dealt with. The placing of the Commissioner of Public Works in the Council instead of the Assembly, was censured by both Houses. But, on the whole, there was an evident disposition not to overthrow the Government on the ground of its composition, but to await the development of its policy. The following telegram from Melbourne has been handed to us for publication ; — ' Cervus, If, Railway Harry, Ellen, Austral, Count, G-wendolyne. Mary Jane, Cedric, Lady Heron, Musidora, Kerosine, and Miranda — All scratched for the Melbourne Cup.' Ahorse accident occurred at North Adelaide on Wednesday morning. A load of hay, drawn by one horse, was passing the Huntsman's Hotel, when, the weight being too much behind, the bellyband broke, and the animal was strangled. Considerable excitement was caused in town on Wednesday, by the appearance of volumnes of dense smoke in the direction of Salisbury, and it was feared that some serious conflagration, ivolving Iosb of property, had occurred. It appears, however, that the Mallee sorub, that reaches from Freeling to Virginia, is on fire. It broke out at half-past eight on Wednesday morning, and is still burning. The fire is 29 miles from Salisbury. An accident of rather a serious nature happened to a man named Jbhn Littleford, employed on the Bail way, on Wednesday. It appears from what we can glean, that the poor fellow waB engaged in un loading some trucks, when on a sudden, as he was getting out, he was caught in the abdomen, and jammed between the buffers of two of the trucks. He was conveyed to the Hospital as soon as possible after the accident, and he now lies there evidently suffering a good deal. We have seen at tho shop of Mr. Edwards, butcher, Hmdley-Btreet, some kangaroo sausages. A small proportion of the fat of pork is added to the flesh of the kangaroo, and thus is produced a nutritious and exceedingly palatable article of diet. In the prospect of an increasing scarcity of butcher's meat it is satis factory to know that we have the means of (supple menting our stock of beef and mutton by a regular supply of an eatable and wholesome food ; for kan garoo can be obtained in great numbers at places easily accessible, and where they are now destroyed on account of their consumption of the pasture. An accident happened to a Mr. Monro, formerly a grocer of Orenfell- street, on Tuesday, at G-awler Town. He was riding out with his brother, when the horse fell and threw him out, dislocating his shoulder. Dr. Popham, of Gawler Town, endea vored to set the arm, but finding he could not, Mr. Monro came on to town, when Dr. Wheeler tried to jet the dislocation, but in vain. He was then taken to the Hospital, and Dr. Moore sent for. The patient was put under chloroform after trying for about an houn and the blocks, and pully were used to set the dislocation,- which was then soon got into its place. Mr. Monro remained at the Hospital all night, and was \- 'sent home at half-past six o'clock the next morning. :-. r On Saturday evening, as a young woman was passing down Bundle-street, she hcd a narrow escape Of being struck by a shutter, which fell down. . iWtl&ugh; not etruofc, she was very much terrified and fainted, but beyond this, no injury was sustained. It pnJy'BhowB. however, what care should be exercised in putting up shutters in a crowded thoroughfare, such as Handle-street is, especially on Saturday evenings. We regret having to report an accident which oc curred on Saturday afternoon to the Hon. Mr. Phillips, who rescued Barton and Shepherd, off Marino, a few weeks since. While riding over the Sandhills at the Bay, with a party of ladies and gentlemen, his horse feD, aud the hon gentlemen was picked up in a state of unconsciousness. He was carried into the resi dence of Mr. F. 0. Singleton, where he was restored, and in the evening was driven to town. He com plained of a pain in his head, but we hope he will sustain no further injury than a severe shaking. The ordinary'meeting of the City Council was held on Monday. A letter was received from Mr. Frederick Wright, of London, stating that he had ac cepted a tender for a glass chandelier for the Town Hell, from Messrs. Osier, for the sum of £226. and a draft was ordered to be sent for the amount. Tenders were also received from England for a kitchener, an ordure closet and a cesspool apparatus, which were referred to the Public Works Committee. The Public Works Committee's report referred to the fact that the Surveyor had laid before them plans of the river dam, and recommended that the prelimi nary steps for the construction of the work should at once be proceeded with. Tenders were accepted for the supply of 5,000 yards of 2^-inch metal, and an offer of a quarry was referred to the Pablie Works Committee. The Council, in a-Committeeof the whole, resolved to give the work of seating the Town Hall to the present contractors, with an instruction that it should at once be proceeded with. Captain Varangut, of the French barque Seine, has presented to the Botanic Gardens a very novel canoe, brought by him from Manila, on his last voyage thence. She is hewn from a solid log of great length and depth, but very little beam, being kept upright by an outrigger when in use. This class of boat sails remarkably fast, and the natives ara very expert In their management; but all things con sidered, she is not quite as safe as a lifeboat, nor as comfortable in a seaway. This acquisition to the Gardens will doubtless command some attention. The Bev. Charles Colwell, late Wealeyan Minister of Wallaroo, died at the residenoe of Mr. L. Boacb on Saturday night. He had for some time past been suffering from consumption and had therefore been unable to attend to his ministerial duties. He came to Adelaide on one day during last week for the pur .pose of attending the Wesleyan District Meetings, and was present at one of them on Wednesday Since that time his complaint having taken a turn for the worse, -he was confined to the house of Mr. Roach, where he was stopping, and on Saturday night, about half-past eleven o'clock, be' breathed his last. He \- was much, respected, and his talents as a minister and a lecturer on scientific subjects were of no mean order. His death cast a deep gloom over the anni versary serviceB which were held in the Pirie-street Chapel, on Sunday. The remains of the late rev gentleman were conveyed to their last resting place in the Adelaide Cemetery, on Monday Ootober23. The body was first taken to the Wesleyan Chapel, Pirie- street, where the Bev. John Cope read the burial service. A few words were then addressed to the sudience, which, was very large, by the Bev Samuel Ironside, on the necessity of always being prepared for the solemn event of death, which might overtake them at any time, and the Bev. Matthew Wilson having engaged in prayer, the body was placed in the hearse, and the mourn ful cortege, consisting, in addition to the hearse, of five coaches and a great number of other vehicles, moved slowly towards the Cemetery. The coaches contained the Bevs. Messrs. J. Watsford, J. Cope, S. Ironside, M. Wilson, B. C. JFloekarfc, W. Brown, T. Lloyd, N. Bennett, W. M. Bennett, C. Chester, Goldsmith, H. Bath, J. S. Greer, D. S. Wylie, Allen, W. Hill, J. Baton, J. J. Watsford, C. Newman, H. Edmunds, and several other gentlemen. At the grave they were met by the Bern J. Maoghan, F. W. Cox, C. Kthouse, H. Cole, and Q. W. Wright. On the arrival of the procession at the Cemetery, the Bev. Mr. Watsford read the service over the tomb, after which the Bev. Mr. Flockart offered up a prayer. 'The friends of the deceased having taken a last look at his coffin in the grave, departed teem, the 60ene, which was deeply affecting. A singular instance of the freaks of nature can now be seen at Mr. Fesenmeyer's, Under- Sheriff, at bis residence, Fullarton. About two weeks ago be bad a pup of the retriever breed, two weeks old, pre sented to him, and some difficulty suggested itself how it should be nurtured to maturity, and an experiment was made with a cat that had just lit tered. All her kittens were dispatched in the nsual way by drowning, and 4hen the pup was put to the -at, which instantly fraternised with it, and ever since has nurtured it ilike one of her own kittens. It is further remarkable ithat tho cat has always been a bad mother to her kittens, but the young retriever ?he is intensely fond o£ never allowing it to leave her, and her young pwrteg* thrive* amazingly fcgt upon her attentions. Any persons who are curious in these matters will be shown the curiosity, and can see for themselves. On Saturday afternoon a very agreeable reunion took place on board the good Ship St. Leonards, at Port Adelaide. Capt. Franklin had invited a number of gentlemen of high standing in the colony, and a goodly lathering assembled on board the ship commanded by the jovial host of the day. The St. Leonards was in splendid trim, and 6he won universal commen dation. A most handsome champagne luncheon was laid out in the cabin, of which the guests were invited to partake. Captain Franklin of course occupied the chair, while the Hon. Thos. Elder did the honors of the vice-chair. Among the gentlemen present were the Hon. Messrs. English and Taxford, the Treasurer (Hon. A. Elyth), His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide, Messrs. S. Tomkinson, J. H. -Parr, W. Morgan, C. Fair, Q. W. HawkeB, S.M., and Captain Bruce, of the City of Adelaide. After lunch, the Treasurer proposed 'Captain Eranklin and the good Ship St. Leonard's,' which Captain Franklin, in a humorous speech, acknowledged. Mr. S. Tomkinson gave ' The Health of the Agents Messrs. Elder, Smith and Co.,' coupling with the toast, the name of the Hon. Thos. Elder. The Vice-Chairman briefly responded to the toast, after which His Worship the Mayor (Mr. Townsend) gave 'The Health of Mrs. and Misb Franklin,' which the company duly honored, and which was acknowledged by Captain Franklin. Then followed a toaBfc to the health of Captain Bruce of the City of Adelaide, who made an appropriate speech in reply. This concluded the toast-making and toast drinking part of the business, and the remainder of the afternoon was spent in agreeable and sociable conversation. All the guests left the ship, having thoroughly enjoyed themselves, and with a lively sense of the liberality of their gallant entertainer, A most determined suicide, by hanging, wa9 com mitted at Port Adelaide, on Saturday morning, by a married woman, Catherine Lamming, wife of Thomas Lamming, a laboring man, residing in Leadenhall street, near the Scotch Church. About 6 o'clock on that morning her husband, on getting out of bed, not see ing his wife about, went in search, and found her hanging by a cord from the roof of the watercloset, and quite dead. She had been in bed all night, and got up from beside her husband about 4 o'clock, saying she was going out for a necessary purpose. Her husband fell asleep again. On waking about 6, and seeing the door open, and she not about, went and found her haneiner in the closet quite dead. Got assistance, and cnt her down at once. No particular cause seems to be attributed for this rash act. De ceased was 28 years of age, and had during the past fortnight complained of being unwell and low in spirits. The Coroner held an inquest at the White Horse cellars at 12 o'clock, and the Jury returned a verdict that deceased destroyed heraelf, by hanging, during a fit of temporary insanity. The Melbourne Illustrated Post has an engraving of the Hon. Mr. Phillips riding into the surf at Marino, to the rescue of the drowning crew of the Argus whaleboat. There was no meeting ot tne rtoara oi caucauun on Monday, there being only two members of the Board — Dr. Gosse and Mr. John Brown — present. A meeting of the Wilkawat Mining Company was held at the Napoleon Bonaparte Hotel on the 23rd of October. Only three shareholders were present, including the Chairman, Mr. John Clark, and the minuteB of the last meeting were read and confirmed, and the proceedings closed. A general meeting of the Shareholders of the Mount Lily Mining Company was held at the Arbitration Hall, White's Booms, on Tuesday afternoon, to agree to the deed of settlement and to elect directors and auditors. Mr. W. A. HugheB occupied the chair, and there were about 25 shareholders present. The Secretary having read the advertisement calling the meeting, the Chairman called upon the solicitor of the Company (Mr. Ingleby) to read the deed of settle ment. Mr. Ingleby remarked that the Companies Act of 1864 did away with the necessity of making such long deeds of settlement as were usually made. A form of deed was supplied by the Act which might be receivefl, modified, or rejected, as they pleased. He proposed that after the deed had been read to that meeting it should be printed and a copy sent to each of the shareholders, so that they might take it into consideration at their leisure, and if any modifications were proposed another meeting could be called to consider them. He then read the deed of settle ment of the Act, which, with some alterations, was received. It waB then resolved that the number of directors should be fire, and the following gentlemen were elected as Directors :~Messrs. E. M. Bagot, W. A. Hughes, W. Hay, G. Bennett, and J. Payne ; and for Auditors, Messrs. C. Poole, and F. Wicksteed. A vote of thanks was then given to the chair, and the rreeting adjourned to a future day, after a resolu tion had been carried authorizing the Directors to prooeed immediately with the working of the mine. The Eastern Suburban Bines competed for the Government Company prizeB on Thursday last, at the Butts on the South Park Lands. Only six mem bers competed. The distances were 200, 300, 500, and 600 yards, 10 rounds at each distance. Private Wells took the first prize, with 82 points. Lieutenant Weir and Private Starnes tied for the 2nd prize, and on shooting off the latter gentleman won, leaving the third prize to Lieutenant Weir. The competition for the Government prizes, Is series, by the Salisbury Company, took place on the 18th inst. The following were the prizes : — Three Prizes — first, Private Goodall, 77 points; Becond, Serjeant Beid, 71 points ; third. Private T. Beid, 52 points. The First Gawler Company competed on the 16th. A stiff breeze was blowing all day across the range and somewhat affected the Bhooting at the 300 yards. The prizes were taken by the following — First, Private W. Biggs, 91 points; second, W. John ston, 68 points ; third, Goldney, 66 points ; fourth, Captain Martin, 65 points ; fifth, Private D. Thomp son, 63 points ; sixth, H. Biggs, 60 points ; seventh, McCullam, 59 points. The firing was exceedingly good, especially that of the winner of the first prize. Private Moller would have taken the 6th prize, but was disqualified through having the ' pull off ' of his rule under the minimum regulation weight. The FirBt Adelaide Rifles competed for their Government prizes on Monday. Thirty-one had qualified themselves by attending- the necessary num ber of drills during the past 12 months, of whom 8 were present to fire. The prizes were divided as under : — 40 per cent, of total, 1st prize ; 30 ditto, 2nd prize ; 20 ditto, 3rd prize. Two distance prizes ot a per cent, eacn tor zuu, auu, &uu; ana buu yards: — Private A, H. Beyer took the 1st prize, 88 points ; Lieutenant Moody took the 2nd prize, 86 points; Private B. Leaver took the 3rd prize, 69 points ; Private Logan took the distance prize, 200 aud 300 yards ; Private Ross took the distance prize 500 and 600 yards. We understand that a prospectus is about to be issued by Mr. A. J. Solomon, in which he proposes to remodel the present Theatre, so as to make it con siderably larger, and more after the style of the Boyal n Melbourne. The Wallaroo Times says : — 'Ashaft is in course of being actively sunk upon the newly-discovered lode at the Wallaroo Mine. Several tons of good ore, of the green carbonate and steel-grey variety, have already been brought to the surfaoe. The lode is about 80 yards north of the main Wallaroo lode, to which it appears to run parallel, dipping southward. As mentioned in our last issue, the new lode was dis covered about a foot below the surface, by some men who were cutting a drain to carry the water from the Wombat shaft to the Matta adit. The way in which the lode was found is only another instance in proof of how much more the discovery of mineral treasures is due to fortuitous circumstances than to scientific research. The drain alluded to is about eighteen inches wide, and has been cut almost parallel with the new lode. It therefore follows that if thn dmJn had been cut a foot or two distant from its present position, it would have missed the lode, which in that case might have lain undiscovered for ages.' The barge of the steamer Maranoa. wjmflTr snagged and sunk near Parra, on the Darling, with 70 bales wool on board, has been raised with the assistance of the steamer Culgoa. The Biver Darling is still falling from Fort Bourke to the Junction, and seems likely to run nearly dry. The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the St. Mary's Sunday School Lecture Hall and Institute, at the Start, took place on Saturday after noon, Ootober 21. The weather was very propitious, and the attendance of spectators to witness the highly interesting ceremony was large. The site selected for the building is that which was originally chosen for St. Mary's Church, but circamstanoes occurred, at that time, which caused the erection of that edifice in the place where it now stands. It is an exceedingly pretty spot, and the surrounding scenery is delightful. Upon the ground was con structed a kind of canopy, covered with flowers and evergreens, at the rear of which the stone was laid. We subjoin a description of the structure : — ' The new building is to front the west, and its size is to be 22 by 42 feet in the clear, and will be sufficient to accommodate the Sunday School, and for UBe as a Lecture Hall ; the style iB Gothic. Messrs. Wright and Woods kindly prepared the plan and specification, and presented the same to the Committee.' The proceedings were commenced by the Lord Bishop reading that part of the Church of England service adapted to such occasions, after which, the Bev. W. D. Williams, the pastor of St. Mary's Church, read a portion of the Scriptures. The following is a copy of the contents of the bottle which was placed under the stone : — ' ST. HART'S SUNDAY SCHOOL IXCTUBE HALL AKD 'INSTITUTE. 'The foundation-stone of this building was laid by tbe. ?W* Reverend Augustus Short, D.D.. ImA Bishop of Adelaide, on the 21st day of Ootober, in the year of oar Lord 1865. Sir Domlnick Daly being then Governorin Cblef of tbe province of South Australia, the Reverend Wil liam Danres Williams Incumbent of Saint Mary's Church, SiCbard FranrtS Burton md Charles Wbitaiore Babhftge, EsquireB, Churchwardens, William Alexander Hughes, Esquire, Treasurer, and the Building Committee— Messrs. William Hancox, R. P. Burton, W. A. Hughes, E. Thorn ber, P. A. Weaver, H. J. Riohman. fiy deed duly executed by the said Lord Bishop of Adelaide as trustee of the ground of the first part, the eaid William Dicres Williams, Richard Francis Burton, and Charles Whitmore Babbapre, of the second part, and the said William Alexander Hughes of the third part, bearing date the eighteenth day of August, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-five, it was mutually agreed that the purposes for which the said building be used be thus defined, that is to say— '1st. Asa schoolroom. The doctrines and principles to be taught in the Sunday-school to be in accordance with the principles of the United Church of England and Ireland. '2nd. Institute and Lecture Hall for secular learning not contrarian t to the priniples aforesaid or of the Christian religion. '3rd. Young Men's Association. For Committee and other meetings for mutual improvement or social enjoyment, so ong a9 each Society be conducted in the opinion of said Trustee. Ministerand Church Warden of St. Mary's, for the advancement and spread of sound knowledge and instruc tion among the youth of the neighbourhood.' Copies of the daily newspapers were also placed in the bottle. The Lord Bishop next proceeded to spread the mortar, and the stone having been adjusted and duly set, he declared it laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy G-host. The hundred and sixteenth Psalm was then sung by the assemblage, at the con clusion of which, Mr. W. A. Hughes said as Treasurer of the funds of that building, he would state that the total cost of it, together with the furniture, would be £300. The subscription list, including aid from the Young Men's Association and the Ladies' working party, amounted to £200. They did not intend to make a collection on that day, but those present could see that what they had was not sufficient to defray expenses. He would be happy to receive the contributions of those who might wish to give. The Lord Bishop remarked that among the many pleasing duties which be had had to perform, none had given him more satisfaction than he felt on the present occasion. He was glad to see that they were trying to promote education in that district. Almost every township from Port Augusta to Mount G-ambier had its Institute or Young Men's Society. It showed that the rising generation would not be nferior to the preceding one in wisdom and knowledge. They had heard of late a great deal about self help, and this appeared to be a self helping age. Nothing in this life — education not excepted — was to be attained without self help. Many had raised themselves from the lower classes to high positions in life. George Stephcnson and Hugh Miller were illustrious examples, the latter of whom was a mason and worked in one of the quarries of Scotland. He would advise the young portion of those present to work diligently in pursuit of know ledge. It was pleasing, he said, to see the youth of South Australia desiring to obtain information which wonld be of nntold value in after life to them. He need not say much about the Sunday-school, as the good results of that had been displayed on the preceding Sunday, when many of the scholars were confirmed ; neither waB there any necessity for him to enlarge upon the privileges and advantages of Christianity. ' Bemembernow thy Creator in the days of thy youth,' were the words of Solomon after he had partaken of the pleasures of this life and had found them to be nothing but vanity. He was also glad to observe that it was not needful for him to invite them to take charge of the young, and bring them up in the fear and admo nition of the Lord, as so many young persons among them were willing to tender their services for such purposes. He should like to speak a few words to them on the subject of learning and religion. He believed the more learning they acquired, the more they would be able to appreciate G-od's Word, and see that he was a being of unlimited power and infi nite love. His love was exhibited in the manner in which everything was created for the happiness and enjoyment of man. There were many persons who were afraid of science. He was not one of those. He considered that as the Bible was the inspired Word of God, that it never could become antagonistic to thebook of nature. He was certain that the discoveries in the one would throw light on the other. That was his opinion on the matter. Geology was at one time thought to be opposed to Scripture, but now its wondrous revelations had only confirmed the statements contained in the Bible. He trusted that the studies carried on in that place wonld be of a religious tone, arid that science and religion would go hand in hand. In conclusion, he hoped that the blessing of G-od would rest upon all those who assembled there from time to time for the purpose of advancing their moral and spiritual wel fare. Mr. B. H. Babbage said he had been appointed on that interesting occasion — and which was especially so, aB there was no collection — to present the thanks of those present to His Lordship the Bishop. In the course of hie (Mr. Babbage's) following remarks he spoke in eulogistic terms of the character of His Lord ship, and concluded by thanking him for his kind services and excellent addresB. The Bev. W. D. Williams stated that there was but little left for him to say. He wa* glad to be able to state that most of the young people who were confirmed on the previous Sabbath were brought up in their Sunday-school, which institution was, in his opinion, the nnrsery of the Church. He would tell those young persons who were engaged in teaching in the Sunday-school, that although they might not see the fruit of their labors now, they would in the Great Day. This being the conclusion of the ceremony, tbe gathering dispersed. Ths annual festival of the Deutsche Schule, con' ducted by Messrs. A. Leschen and Th. Niehuus took place at the Maid and Magpie, Stepney, on Monday, October 28. The day was a fine one for the occasion, though the sun was rather warm. The boys as sembled at the Schoolrom in Wakefield-street, between 8 and 9 o'clock in the morning, and headed by Schrader's band, and preceded by their king, Carl Winn»cke, marched to the appointed rendezvous, when, after the few preliminaries were arranged, firing was commenced with the cross-bow at a large wooden eagle, with outstretohed wings, which was tied to a pole. Seventy-eight boys fired, and there were 37 prizes for competition, besides the kingship. After the eagle had been stripped of all its feathers and wings, the hole in the centre was opened, in which was a star, and the boy who succeeded in shooting out the star became the king for the year. A sharp contest took place, and the fortunate boy was Carl Rasch, who consequently obtained the kingship, and the principal prize— a handsome silver geneva watch. Master Dreyer, who shot off the head of the eagle, became entitled to the second prize — a very pretty brass-bound writing desk complete with every requisite. The right wing was shot off by Master W. Wallmann, consequently he became the winner of the third prize — a box of mathematical instruments ; and Master B. Lange, for knocking off the left wing, was awarded the fourth prize — also a box of mathematical instruments. The tail was shot off by Master Oscar Maraua, for which he received the fifth prize, Meyer's ' TJniversium' in two volumes, beautifully illustrated. The other prizes were all handsome articles, consist ing of drawing instruments, games, inkstands, and other useful articles. About half-past three, at the conclusion of the shooting, Master Basch was form ally declared King, crowned with a wreath, and decorated with his medals. The boys were then liberally supplied with refreshments by their school masters, after which dancing commenced to the music of the band, and several appropriate songs were sung by some of the boys, whilst others amused themselves with wandering about the garden and swinging and playing Kiss in the Bing. About six o'clock the boys were assembled again, and, headed by the band, escorted their new King to his home in Stepney, when, after giving His Majesty hearty cheers, they marched to town in the same order as they left, where they arrived about seven o'clock, and were dis missed after giving more hearty cheers for their liberal schoolmasters. All the boys appeared to have thoroughly enjoyed their treat, and the affair passed off without accident. Our German fellow-colonists turned out in large numbers and made it a general holiday, for the place was quite thronged both with Germans and English people. A meeting in connection with the Australasian Branch of the Wesleyan Missions was held in Archer ?street WeBleyan Chapel, on Wednesday evening, singing and prayer, the Chairman, Mr. Q-. P. Harris, made a few appropriate remarks, and then called upon the Bev. B. C. Flockart to read the annual report of the Society, which he did. It showed that the' expenditure of the Society during the past year was £16,812 43. 10d., whilst the receipts had only amounted to £8,666 10s., thus leaving a very large balance for the Parent Society in England to make up. The report referred in a very encouraging man ner to the success which had attended the labors of the missionaries in tbe ' different parts of the world where they had been engaged. At its conclusion the Bev. H. T. Burgess moved — ' That the report now read be adopted : that the successes of the Wesleyan and other Christian Missions among the islands of the seas, must be regarded as an evidence that the missionary cause possesses the Divine Presence and approval: «is a proof of the undecavine novcr of «i-, Gospel of Jesus Christ, to uplift the most degraded tribes of the human race, and as an imperative call for intense and devout thanksgiving and praise from the Christian Church.' The resolution was seconded by the Bev. M. Wilson and supported by the Bev. Thomas Lloyd! The following proposition was proposed by the Bav. W. S. Worth, and seconded by the Bev. S. Iron sides — ' That the social condition of New Zealand, as well as the moral destitution of numerous sections of Polynesia, are such as should engage our deepest sympathy and concern, and that this meeting believ ing that the missionary spirit underlies the organiza tion, and is still essential to the vitality of the Wes leyan Methodist Church, pledges itself to a more liberal and vigorous activity, to sustain and to extend the missionary enterprise.' The Bev. Nathaniel Bennett proposed the next resolution, which was seconded by the Bev. a. H. Goldsmith— ' That the thanks of the meeting be presented to the Committee and collectors for the past year, and that the Com mitteeTfor the ensuingyearbeas follows :— Secretary, T. Bobin; Committee, the Ministers of the circuit, with Messrs. Hack, Williams, Raines, King, Caley, Pascoe, and S. BakewelL' The customary vote of thanks having been accorded to the Chairman, the nndience, which was not very large, dispersed, 