GOOD FRIDAY WITH BROTHER ' ? . IGNATIUS. ; ' Yesterday morning Brother Ignatius ] arid the brethren of the English" Order of" St; Benedict made special efforts to celebrate Good Friday according to their peculiar views; The chapel was hung with black, and all day- light was carefully excluded, but two large candles glimmered before tho altar. After a few seconds; however, it was apparent-that a procession was advancing, at a.snail's.pace, through tho gloom, and threading its .way carefully through a rather numerous ' and closely-packed congregation/principälly of the poorer class. The rich baritone voioe of Brother Ignatius could soon' bo detected in the hymn which the procession'was singing. When tho procession reached the altar a few moro candles were lit, and it was then possible to observe that Brother Ignatius wore a cloak of gold vestment on - his. back, while his hoad was covered with the cowl of tho order. The Rev. G. J. Ouseley closed the procession, wearing a vestment of black, with a large whito cross on tho back. Tho monks, pure and simple, wore only their ordinary black dresses and cowls. Brother Ignatius had car- ried in tho procession what appeared to be a. small coffin, draped with black, arid surrounded by a crown of thorns. Tho commandments were intoned by the Rev. G. J. Ouseley, and a hymn. 'of-, which tho ever-recurring refrain was " Jesus on-high- is- crucified," was ' sung softly, with pleasing, effect. Tho crown of thorns was then removed. Next tho Rev. G. J. Ouseley. read the epistle of the day, and afterwards the first lesson, strange liberties being thus taken with tho ordinary modo'of celebrating divine service in the Anglican church. . A passage of tho Old Testament, from tho prophet Hosea, was noxt read,'followed by an anthem, solely sustained by Brother Ignatius, "I have heard thy voice Lord, and was afraid." As has been stated on moro than one occasion, Brother Ignatius plays with good taste and effect upon the organ, and his voice is an excellent ono; indeed, ho is tho life and soul of the English order of St. Benedict, and but for him it would doubtless soon become a thing of tho past. A collect was then .read by the Rev. G. J. Ouseley, and on his making the brief preliminary exhortation, " Let us pray," Brother Ignatius exclaimed, in .the authori- tative tone which seems habitual with him, "Lot us kneel down." Tho faithful of the congregation obeyed, and then immediately afterwards Brother Ignatius said," Let us rise up again"-a curious procedure whioh was adopted at least a dozen' times before other collects whioh followed. It should ho observed that when tho Rov. G. J. Ouseley read from the Scriptures, tho book was held by ono .of tho monks, and Mr. Ouseley road, or rather intoned, with his hands folded in an attitude of reverential ' prayer. ? Another anthem followed, " Deliver mo from- the evil man; presérveme from the wicked man," and was sung by Brother Ignatius with à pathos whioh soemcd to indicate that ho applied tho words to his own case, and to the enemies with whom he has to contend in tho outer world ; ¿nd ho appeared to pour out his whole heart in tho supplication. " Lord God; Lord God, Lord God, strength of my salva- tion . . . cover my herrt . . -. do not forsako mo, lest tho ungodly triumph/' Brother Ignatius next proceeded to read or sing the'gospel of the day, or, as ho termed it, tho "passion of Our Lord Jesus Christ, according to St. John," Mr. Ouseley standing near with uplifted and folded hands. The gospel for Good Friday is a pretty long one, and as Brother ? Ignatius sung the several passages, such as " Pilate, therefore, toole Jesus and scourged him" the ..word "scourged" was almost, inde- finitely prolonged) ; " Behold the man " " Away with him": (tho cry of the Jews); " Woman, behold thy son ;" " I thirst" (given very loudly), ¿tc., this feature of the service occupied a considerable time. At the words, " It is finished," and " he bowed his head, and gave up the ghost," an attempt was made to pourtray the lightning and thunder which the Scripture narratives record to have at- tended the real event. Brother Ignatius, Mr. Ouseley, all the monks, and most of the congregation prostrated themselves for a few seconds. Brother Ignatius then completed tho reading, or rather the singing of the gospel, after which various collects or prayers followed, each being preceded by the formula, " Lot us pray," " Let us kneel down," " Let us rise up again" the effect being that Brother Ignatius, Mr. Ouseley, the monks, and the faithful, were continually rising and falling, and falling and rising, although they were standing when tho prayers were read. The prayers were offered for " John Thomns, the prelate chosen to rule over us," for " bishops, priests, and all the holy people of God," for " all orders and degrees of men," for " our catechumens," for tho sick, a secure harbour for those at sea, the breaking the chains of prisoners, the securing of plenty to the world, &c.; ; for all heretics and schismatics, and their return to the bosom of our holy.mother tho Catholic Church; for tho "perfidious Jews" (here brother Ignatius exclaimed by way of ex- planation, " We do not kneel in this prayer in hatred and detestation of tho Jews, who knelt in mockery to our Lord"), &c.; A veiled crucifix was then removed by Mr. Ouseley from the top of tho altar, the crape which covered it was partially removed, and Mr. Ouseley, holding it aloft, said, " Behold thc wood of the crot-s." Brother Ignatius and the congregation responded, " Come let us adore." T^bo craDe was then further removed, the cru- cifix again held aloft, and the words, " Behold tho wood of the cross," repeated with the same ' response. Then the crape was. entirely removed, and the figure of ' the Saviour was exposed," Mr. Ouseley saying,' " Behold tho wood of thu holy cross, on which hung the salvation of the world." Tho response having been sung, the j crucifix was lowered to the ground, and Brother' Ignatius, creeping towards it, reverentially kissed it. Mr Ouseley taking off,, his cross-embroidered vestment, followed his example. Brother Ignatius then said that " in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy G/host," he desired to say a fow words to the congregation, whom he addrcssad as " men and women, sons and daughters of our fallen race." ' Ho accordingly ascended a kind of pulpit, and in a tone of impassioned entreaty besought-all present to show their love for Jesus by coming to adore his holy cross. They kissed, he said, the pictures of relatives and distant friends, why not kiss the emblem of their faith-tho cross of their Lord ? ' He then prescribed that during tho " creeping," a hjmn should bo sung, that tho faithful-in.drawihg near the altar should make three prostrations, and finally that they should kiss the hands and feet of the figure on thc crucifix. ' The chapel- was perfectly destitute yester- day morning of any ornament, and appeared a truly wretched place for religious worship of any kind.' < The brethren, aware of this, aro endeavouring to collect funds for tho erection of a suitable church. The ventilation of the present chapel is .very defective, and when it is filled as it was yesterday morning, tho atmos- phere' is painfully hot and stifling. However, the monks almost live in it; and at all hours of tho day; and : night a deep-toned bell. calls them to prayers. -Correspondent Daily News. 