INQUEST ON ME. TEOOPEE KOMMOLL. An inquest was held on the body of Trooper Komruoll at Mr. Hunter's home station on Friday. Mr. Scott, S.M., of Penola, acted as a Coroner. After a Jury of 12 had been duly Bworn, Mr. W. Hunter was chosen foreman, and the following evi dence was given:— J. A. Ramsay, poundkeeper, Tarpeena, sworn—I saw deceased shortly before he left. He arrived about 12 o'clock. Remained till between three and four o'clock p.m. During that time I only saw him have three nobblers of brandy. The last he had Borne syrup with. I saw him get on his horse. He ap peared to be the worse for drink, but not so much so as to be incapable of riding the horse he was on. By. a Juror—I lent him a cloak. I am not quite sure of the exact time of his arrival, but I judge it near 12 o'clock. Samuel Holland, sworn—I am a farmer's son and live near Tarpeena. I was at Tarpeena yesterday. I saw deceased there, 1 had a glass of brandy with him. He drank two glasses in my presence. I started with him about 4 o'clock. We started in a canter. We were together past Mr. Hunter's about two miles and a-half from Tarpeena. He asked me if I would go home with him to Penola. I said I would. He then said—" Come on, we have a good way to go to-night and it is getting late." We started at a good canter. We had not gone above two or three hundred yards when his horse broke away from mine. I heard him sing out but could not make out what he said. I pulled up my horse and turned round, and saw him dead as I thought. He was lying alongside the tree. My horse was in front about 20 yards. My horse was galloping. As soon as I saw him I returned to Mr. Hunter's and gave notice. I did not get off my horse but rode back directly to Mr. Hunter's about a quarter of a mile. He was not sober. He had had a nobbier too much. I think he waB .capable of riding to Penola- 1 saw him lean over on his saddle. By Mr. L. Egan, sen,—I met you on the road and pulled up my horse. Tou saluted Mr. Kommoll. You were both talking together when I came up, After you left he wanted me to go to Penola. By a Juror—We were galloping together. The horse did'nt shy. By Mr. South—The horse took off the road, and my horse shot ahead. It was then he was thrown against the tree. Alexander McLeod, sworn—As I was coming here about four or a little after yesterday, I saw a horse with a saddle on at Mr. Hunter's red gate. I was going to catch him when I heard a moaning sound. I then went towards it and saw th8 deceased lying on the ground. I got off my horBe. His legs were lying stretched wide apart over hiB head. His head seemed to be twisted on one side, a little blood on lip and a little under the nose on the side of the cheek. I laid him out straight ana went for assistance. No person was near him. I called to the blacks about 150 yards from him. x had him removed here. He was "quite insensible and breathed heavily. I examined the tree and the tracks of the horse. It appeared from them that the horsa must have propped and struck him against the tree, as the bark of the tree was off. I picked up his cap with some bark sticking to it. We brought him to Mr. Hunter's about 6 o'clock. He lived about an hour and three quarters after. The cap produced is the one. By Mr. South—Do you think the horse was at full speed at the the time? Yes; I should think so from the distance of spread of the track. Francis Egap, sworn—I am a farmer, and live at Tarpeena. I saw deceased about half-past 1 o'clock. He had dinner at the inn. I was serving in the bar at the inn. I served the deceased with three glasses of brandy. I did not serve him before dinner. I was in the bar at that time. I served him with a small drop of brandy and syrup before starting. He was the worse for liquor, but I considered him quite capable of riding the horse he was on. I am positive he was not drunk. Laurance Egan, sworn—I am a publioan, residing at Tarpeena. I saw deceased yesterday. He arrived between 11 and 12 in the forenoon. I served him with three nobblers in the morning. I think it was brandy, but am not sure. I did not serve him after dinner. I don't know if he had anything at his dinner, I did not see him start. When I last saw him he did'nt appear the worse for liquor. By Mr. South—I cannot say when he had the glasses. I served him with three. I saw him last about one hour after dinner. Hs didn't appear the worse for liquor. He asked for syrup in his grog. William Talbot Glindening, sworn—I am a duly qualified medical practitioner residing at Mount Gambier. I was sent for between 8 and 9 o'clock, I received a message to attend the deceased. I accom panied Police-trooper Bartlett immediately. Arrived about 2 o'clock this morning. I learned that deceased had been dead several hours. I examined the body and found a slight brasion of the skin on the forehead, dis coloured eyes and eyelids, a small wound on the nose, and some blood from the nostrils. From the ap pearance of the pupils of the eyes, I came to the conclusion that there was concussion of the brain (which produces colapse and shocks the system generally), from which he never rallied. I made another examination this morning. I found dis colouration of the back of the neck and shoulders, which would arrive from gravitation of blood. The discolouration of the face had increased and had ex tended down the neck to the chest. I consider he was killed by coming in contact with a tree; that his bead suffered the greatest blow. I speak thus from the appearance of the blows. I have seen the tree where he struck, and am surprised he was not killed on the spot, by the mark of the tree, showing he must have gone with great force. Francis Egan, recalled by the Coroner—The de ceased left about 4 o'clook in the afternoon. I served him with one glass and some lemon syrup in it just before starting. It was taken out of the bar to him. The Jury having consulted together for a few midutes returned the following verdict:—" The deceased met his death by a fall fromhi9 horse against a tree, the horse having: swerved off the road, causing the accident." -Border Watch. Michael Kelly, the once popular singer and com poser, was in business in the Haymarket as a wine merchant, anfi wrote oyer his door, " Michael Kelly, Composer of Music and Importer of Wine." Sheri dan suggested the following alteration :—" Michael Kelly, Importer of Music and Composer of Wine " for," said the wit, " none of his mnsic is original, and all his wine is, since he makes it himself." Archdeacon Paley was in very high spirits when he was presented to his first preferment in the Church. He attended at a visitation dinner just after this event, and during the entertainment called out jocosely, "Waiter, shut down that window at the back of my chair, and open another behind some curate." A Bad Medium:.—A man, who pretended to haye seen a ghost, was asked what the ghost said to him. "How should I understand," replied the narrator, " what he said? I am not skilled in any of the dead languages." 