RANDOM NOTES. \- [Continued from page 8.] WITH that singular eccentricity that so peculuarly marks that branch of the public service over which the hon. Secretary for Lands presides, the township for the Araluen Valley has been laid out on the western slope of hills, and about as far removed from the atual workings as could be done consistently with finding a plot of ground extensive enough to cut up into a township. The result of this wonderful exercise of judgment has been that when the allot- ments were offered for sale at the beginning of the present month, not more than three or four were pur- chased. Here also are situated the court-house and lock up, both in one building, and in a hut adjoining are stationed the three constables who keep watch and ward over the seven miles of long drawnout residences, and the 4000 inhabitants of the Valley. There is a police magistrate stationed here, being the only Go- verment official resident on the ground. The diggings being on private land, the gold commissioners have no fight of interference, and the decision of the private commissioner appointed by the owners of the land is final and decisive and beyond all appeal. It it really astonishing, when you come to look into the matter, how much better these things are managed when they come into the hands of private persons, than they are when entrusted even to to Heaven-born a genius as Mr. John Robertson. The rentals they obtain for their aurife- rous lands, when compared with what the Government receive, are something that ought to put the framer of our gold fields regulatione to the blush, only that we happen to know that the honorable gentleman never does such a thing, and that he firmly believes that his gold fields regulations, like his land laws, cannot be improved upon. The management by the private owners is so far superior, that all squabbles or dilficul- tiest are avoided since the dictum of the private com- commissioners being final, and without appeal it must be taken. And yet there is not half the grumblings and complaints on these private gold fields that there are on the public ones; and men pay the price demanded, and work cheerfully and stoutly. The Police Magistrate sits in his court daily, to dis- pose of such cases as may be brought before him. The regular court-day is Wednesday, but for the con- venience of the people, and to prevent the needless detention in confinement of what may be an innocent man, he deals at once with all cases. It would not be a very great disadvantage to the colony if we had othei of our public officers imbued with the same spirit. The number of cases dealt with is not very large, considering the peculiar character of the population, and the generally uniform suc- cess that has attended the working of the field, tor it is a noticeable feature that disorder and rowdyism prevail to a greater extent on a flou- rishing than on a declining gold-field. A great number of the cases are for the recovery of wages, and. owing to the peculiar mode of working, some of them are of a most complicated character. For instance, though the wages are fixed unalterably, by the terms of the treaty made at the last great roll-up, at 10s. per diem, men will agree to take 5s. a day, and to receive the balance when the gold is struck, or whenever the claim is payable, or when some other future contingency arises. Then, again, the copartnery usually consisting of twelve persons, each of these has to be summoned individually, in order to proceed against the whole collectively ; and in this respect that short Act introduced, last session, by Mr. Tighe, for the benefit of the coal-miners, might, if it had been made applcable to the gold-miners, have been equally as beneficial to them as to their fellow labourers — had the Act been passed. Something of this kind will have to be done, for, now that the miners hve seen the advantage of working in large bodies and in co-operation with capital, there will be sure to many similar combinations elsewhere, when Araluen shall have been worked out. There is no school at Araluen, and but two churches ; one of these is a Roman Catholic and the other a Protestant Church, the latter being used every third Sunday by the Church of England, the Wes- leyan, and the Presbyterian minister. The National School Board — energetic as they usually are in taking up new ground wherever the settlement of a popula- tion offers the opportunity — have somehow or other missed this spot and its 4000 inhabitants, and the children (of whom there are large numbers) are left utterly without instruction. And whilst that which is good is lamentably wanting, that which is evil is met with in every corner, and thrusts itself into notice. Public- houses abound in every direction. The click of the billiard ball may be heard on the Sabbath, and on the week day the dancing-room, with its paid dancing girls — having about the same insulation as the Alme of the East, — and its lively music, offer allurements that few of the religiously neglected miners can resist. Boys of 12 and 14 years of age earn from 30s. to 35s. per week, and may be seen at night infesting these billiard tables and dancing rooms, smoking and drinking with the best, undergoing the initiatory training that is to pre- pare them for the next step to the gaol. Do not think that l am overdrawing the picture, for I could state much, very much more than this, only it has of late become so much the fashion to call those vilifiers of the colony, who tell truth and show facts in all their native hideousness, that I have determined to say no more than I have done until I have such an array of facts and authorities as shall be indisputable. Before leaving the subject of the Araluen Valley, I must make a public acknowledgment of the .great kindness that was shown to me, and the great assist- ance rendered to me by all parties with whom I come into contact ; but I have more especially to thank Mr. Crommelin and Mr. Blatchford for the valuable ser- vice they did me in accompanying me round and amonsgst the claims, and in explaining all that was necessary for my object. The latter gentleman, being the owner of several of the engines, and being also largely interested in many of the claims, was able to afford me very valuable information, for which I have thus publicly to thank him. You may judge of the importance of Araluen as a gold-field by a comparison of the weekly yield from each of the different diggings in this district. The amounts are given as the average of several weeks, and may be relied upon as being strictly correct. Araluen Valley ... ... ... ... ... ... .... ... ... ... ... 1200ozs. Jembaicumbene ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..150 Little River, or Mongarlowe ... ... ... ... ... ... .. 150 Major's Creek, Bell's Creek, Deep Creek (tributaries to the Araluen Creek), Long Flat, at the head of Major's Creek, and the Shoalhaven, together ... 25 Making a total weekly yield of ... ... ... ... ... ... 1525 ozs. In addition to the population I have enumerated there are also about 100 Chinese working on the Araluen Creek, in the old worked out ground lying between Crown Flat and Mudmalong. The mining population engaged upon Crown lands in this district has been estimated as follows : — On Araluen, 100 Europeans and 100 Chinese ; at the Jem- baicumbene, 50 Europeans and 200 Chinese ; at the Little River, 300 Europeans and 250 Chinese ; at the smaller diggings I have enumerated in my last estimate 60 Europeans and 40 Chinese ; or in all about 1000 Europeans and 600 Chinese. The number of Europeans is further increased by 200 women and 300 children, whilst to the number of Chinese the addi- tion of only one has to he made, for the one solitary specimen of female loveliness in Chinese that is to be found at Jembaicumbene. These numbers may be taken as the total population of Little River, and of the other small diggings which I saw classed together; but as at Araluen, so at Jem- baicumbiene it does not represent the whole popula- tion, there being at the latter place a total population of about 100 Europeans and 400 Chinese, as the greater part of the work is being carried on on private land. The Braidwood district is a very old settled much of the land has been bought up different times by the earlier settlers. Owing to this cause there has been but very little free selection here, and although an occasional conditional purchase has been made, yet the best of the land has been taken up, and the free selectors have found that they have had no bargain in their purchase, even though they should be never called upon to pay the 15s. balance. I descended into the Araluen valley by the Well's Creek Road. This creek was once worked in different parts, but now the mining operations are confined to the works carried on by a party of Americans, who have been on the ground for the last three or four years. They have just completed a very fine race which they have been engaged upon cutting during last. two years, in some places they have taken it through channels cut out of the solid rock, at great expense and with much labour. This race brings the water down from the head of the creek with a fine fall for ground sluicing; and, after rain, when they have a good body of water for their: sluice-boxes, they can run through a very large amount of earth and make a tolerably good haul. They have been known to nett 100 ounces in a very few days after a good fall of rain, and in this way they are rewarded energy and perseverance they have displayed in the heavy work they have con- constructed. This road winds at great length amongst the hills that overhang the creek, and is fully eight miles long from the top of the range to the level of the valley. The other road by Major's Creek, by which I left Araluen, is much more direct, for though it neces- arily winds round the face of the mountain, and in One place has a traverse going in a directly opposite direction to the road by which it is reached, the wholf asccnt to thc lev^l of Major's Greek is not inpre than two or three miles. It . was on this road, and about half way up the mountain, that Hall's gang attempted to stick up the Araluen escort They had selected a spot 'where the road winding round two spurs of the } ill, formed the arc of a circle. About the centre of this arc, and some ten or twelve feet above the road was a lalrge fallen tree lying broadways towards the road, and/ behind this the robbers . ambushed themselves, commanding from this position about thirty yards of the passage. They . had thus a point blank range at the ascending efcort, and it seems almost miraculous that their tire should have been so ineffective as it was. As you know, they never got possession of the carriage, but even if they had it would have availed them little, for the gold was secured in a very strong iron box, of such stout make that even a workman with good and appropriate tools would not have been able to force it open in leas than a couple of hours. Supposing it to have taken only that time to open the box, the robbers would have been pursued before they had effected it, for in lesa^hon an hour assistance was on the spot. The bushrangers were fully aware of the difficulties they would have to encounter, for they camc -prepared for them, bringing with them a sledgehammer and a cold chisel with which to force the chest. These were afterwards found on the ground. In fact the affair must have been very carefully planned. The spot chosen for the ambuscade, with the dead tree in the exact position in which an outlying party would most desire it, could only have been selected on very close exami nation of the road; whilst the distance, being mid way between Araluen and Major's Creek, afforded a readier means of escape from danger threatening, on either side. The road here is exceedingly pic turesque, and as you pass along you can look down the precipitous side of the mountain into the black ravine that lies between it and its fellow on the other side. In the . side of the opposite mountain a very curious phenomenon occurs after wet weather. I noticed about two-thirds of the way up the hill that there was a spot from whence a large body of stones and earth had been thrown down. It looked to me juet as if some enthusiastic diggers had been tunnell ing into the side of the mountain, and had emptied put down the face of the mountain the stones and slates they had excavated. At the same time, if this had been done, a most enormous amount of work had been executed, for the blue stream of slate commencing at this point gradually widened out towards the base of the hill, and covered it« face for a length downwards of fully a thousand feet. At the same time I could see no open ing, as I should have done had this been a tunnel so extensively worked, as the tip down the hill shewed that this must have been. Mr. Blatchford, who was my companion up the mountain, was luckily able to satisfy my curiosity when I questioned him. It seemed that he also had been 'Struck by this peculiar outflow of stones and slates, and to satisfy himself had with great difficulty reached the spot. He found that there was an opening, but so small that a man could not force his body in, being dished up with earth and stones. The outpouring of stones occurs after wet weather, when the opening is forced and enlarged by some inward pressure, and an im mense stream of atones and elate is poured out con tinuously for two or three days, when it ceases, and once more the orifice is closed up by the material which the inward pressure has no longer pjwer enough to force onwards. The probability is that this is the vent hole to some vast subterranean cavern in which gases accumulate until some state of the atmosphere produced by wet weather give them power enough to force out the stones and debris that check their exit. Tlie spot is one that would have consider able interest for the geologist or scientific enquirer. Major's Creek has a most melancholy and deserted appearance. The ground is worked very extensively both in the creek itself and in the numerous gulleys that come down into it. There is one cluster of houses, still habited and still even making a very faint prctcnce to be doing business, and this shows where once was the centre of a thriving population. The ridges that border the creek are of schistose form ation, and look very promising for gold. They have been tried, and you can hardly take a handful of earth £rom any spot without getting what is called ' -the colour,' that is, a speck or two of gold. But these specks arc so thoroughly and so well dispersed that, even with all the appliances for ground sluicing, if they were at hand, it is doubtful if it would pay to work the hills. Judging from the appearance of the country, I was of a different opinion, but one of the oldest residents on the creek assured me that, though gold was everywhere, it was in 6uch very minute quantities that, work it how you would, it could not be made to pay. There was at one time a project set on foot for bringing in the Shoalhaven to the Major's Creek, the projectors believing as I did, that with a good sluice head ef water, the whole of the hills bordering the creek and its tributaries would pay for washing. The ground was sun-eyed professionally, and an estimate made of the cost of bringing a strong stream from the Shoalhaven. This estimate amounted to £40,000, a sum that at once stopped the project, and sent the epecnlatois off to some more promising field. Between Jembaicumbene and Araluen, and only about two miles from the former lie the now deserted diggings of Bell's paddock. There are two or three huts kere. but I believe there is n* work doing, at least I saw signs of none. Jembaicumbene is about nine miles fromBraidwood, on the road to Araluen. It is a large swampy flat extending lor some miles on either side of the road. The workings are carried on along the water courses formed by the low hills that bound the flat to the southward, and out for a considerable distance into the 6wamp itself. The greater part of the ground has been already worked, and as you will see by my estimate of the population, this spot has been very nearly given up altogether to the Chinese. They are working over the whole of old ground, and where they come to a piece of un touched ground, they are stripping it down to the wash dirt, after the fashion of the Araluen miners. This kind of work is not so heavy here, however, since the Spots they are thus stripping are not more than from six to eight feet deep. Here nearly the whole of the ground worked is not Crown lands, one side of the creek belonging to Messrs. Roberts and Hassall, and the other being Church and School lands. There is a small settlement here of some five or six houses, amongst which are a public-house, a Etore, and a wheelwright's. The work is principally carried oil in the private land of Messrs. Roberts and Hassall, and the Chinese have established their residences on the other side of the creek upon the Church and School estate. Here they are, no doubt, trespassers, but the Gold Commissioners have no power to deal with them, this estate not being waste lands of the Crown, to which only is the authority of the Commissioner extended. The Gold Commissioners are equally powerless in regard to the mining on private lands, for though they in the execution of their duty, visit these spots, their decisions, if they should be appealed to by the miners, are liable to be over-ridden by the arbitrary dictum of the private commissioner, against wheye ruling there is no appeal, and with whose ruling the miners must perforce be satisfied. -? hat has been termed the Shoalhaven Diggings lie on the banks of that river, from the point where the Jembaicumbene Creek runs into it down to the crossing place at AVani. Not above twenty or thirty men are at work here, and no very large amount of ^ gold is being procured. Anglican Obdee of Sr. Benedict.— Brother Igna 'lius is engaged in serious difficulties with his thirS order. Some have resigned, and others do not please him, so that the order is in rather a bad way. The Feast of St, Bene dict has been oelebrated with great pomp in the monastery. The 'Mother Abbera,' the celebrated Misa $ellon, assisted at the service in her full robes as an abbess, an acolyte bearing her handsome pastoral staff.— On Good Friday morning, Brother Ignatius and the brethren of the English Order of St. Benedict made special efforts to celebrate the day according to their peculiar views. The chapel was . hung with black, and all light was carefully excluded, although two large candles glimmered gloomily before the altar. After a fow scoonde, however, it was apparent that t prooesaion was advancing at a mail's paoe throngh the gloom, and threading its way carefully through a rather numerous and closely-packed congregation, principally of the poorer class. The nch baritone voice of Brother Ignatius could soon be detected in the hymn which the procession, was ninging When the procefieion reached the alLar a few more candles were lit, and it was then possible to observe that Brother Ignatius wore a cloth of gold vestment on his back, while his head was covered with the cowl of the srder. Among . the novelties introduoed into the ceremonial on this occasion was . this following :— At the words in the gosp 1, 41 It is finished,' and ' He bowed his head and ttave up the , ghost,' 'an attempt was made to portray the lightning and . \- thunder which the. Scripture narratives {thus the reporter) , record to have attended the jeal event. The thunder was more successful than thelightning, which may be said in- . deedito have been a mere flaih in the pan; some ol the kitchen ii'tensila wonld seem, from tbe natnre of the sound ; evolvedt to have' been ccmcernsd behind'theabenes inthfe , yroducbon of the thnnder; At this extraordinary, soene-r er . rather .attempt ' at a soime— Brother Ignatius, Mr. . Ouseley, all the monks, and. most nt the oongregationj , prostrated themselves lor a 'few second*.— Bomi Jftte £ April 2fi. RANDOM NOTES FROM A WANDERING REPORTER. The population of Araluen is variously estimated at from 3000 to 4000 sou!s, the mean between the two is. probably nearest to tne mark. Tbe number of diggers, thai is of men actually employed in mining operations, iu about 1200. l'ersons engaged in store keeping and shops tradesmen, carters, wood-cutters, and others, will number from 500 to 600 ; and tbe re mainder arc women ami children, of 'whom there are a large number on the ground. Trades of every descrip tion arc represented on the ground, and^ whilst I was there I heard men crying 'Fish, all alive, oh ! ' through the settlement*, These fish come from the Moruya where they are caught. They are packed in gin cases with layers of reeds alternating with layers of fish until the boxo are filled. Two boxes are then packed on a horse, and with two or three horses thus packed, the fish vendor brings his goods to the Araluen market. The distance he has to traverse is about 30 miles, over a heavy mountain road, p as sable only for horses ; and the price at which the fish arc sold is sixpence per lb., itu mullet, bream, black-fish, whiting, and other fish usually caught in the river estuaries. There are several bakers, and some seven or eight butchers. One of the latter has a shop at Redbank. which, whether for cleanliness, arrangement, or display of meat, may fairly vie with any establishment ofthe size in the colony, and which is far superior to anything I have yet seen in the towns of the interior. Some of them, however, arc of anything but engaging appearance, and I learnt that the poliec were just commencing to enforce the law in regard to giving twelve hours' notice of slaugh tering, with a description of the brands of the beasts slaughtered. There has been a very large amount of cattle stealing in this district lately, and there arc some very notorious characters in the neighbourhood, who, knowing tlie country so well, can very easily run down twenty or thirty head of beasts after dark ; and as the butchers kill at night, they may. be all killed -and every trace of their identity removed before day light brings prying eyes upon them. Mind, I do not for one moment wish it to be inferred that such a thing is done or has been done, but I merely point it out as something that may be done if any butcher should be unscrupulous enough to lend him self to such a thing. Now that bushranging is at a discount, many of those who picked up their crumbs from the overladen tables of the marauders are at their wits end to make the two ends meet, and, consequently, the disappearance of cattle is by no means uncommon. There are also some two or three persons engaged in making and selling what they de nominate hop beer, being a kind of fermented decoc tion . of hops and sugar. Some Italians, .who have been on the ground during the past three years, have gone in heavily at vine-growing. They have in already four acres of vines which came into bearing laet year, and gave them a very handsome return, the whole crop having been sold to, and purchased eagerly by the diggers at from f6d. to 1s. per lb. This year they are again putting in a large number of plants, and were busy over preparing the land. You would hardly believe it, but the great free selection man, thehon. gentleman who is so very anxious to sec the lands of the colony occupied by industrious men, and ' made fruitful and productive, actually threw all the obstacles that red tape and the circumlocu tion of that very circumlocutory branch of the public service, the Lands Office could find, in the way of these poor foreigners, who in their humble way had done far more substantial i good to the colony in the test they had applied to the | permanent productiveness of tlie Araluen soil, than j had the whole body of miners who, during the past j three years, had been engaged upon upturning the I valley. I believe they got their land, on an appraise- ment, but at a price inordinately beyond the intrinsic value of the soil, which but for their labour would have remained without value. The mode of working the claims is very complete, and is much more systematic than on any other gold fields in the colony. In fact, were it not so, it is doubtful whether the work would pay, for tbe gold is so distributed over a large, surfacc, and amongst such a depth of wash-dirt, that it is only by washing a quan tity of the dirt that anything like a payable result is secured. The way the parties proceed is this:— They usually form themselves into companies, say of twelve men, that being the ordinary number, working on the co-operative system, every partner working, or finding a man to work for him. Besides these, other men have to be employed, being paid by the co partnery. Having marked out their boundary, they proceed to open a piece of ground about 100 feet square, which is denominated the paddock. This they proceed to 'strip' down to tlie washdirt, — the stripping consisting of removing all the alluvial soil lying on the drift or washdirt, in whith the gold is found. The whole of this is carted away, cither to some old ground already worked out, to some piece of ground known to be worthless, or in default of either of these, on to a portion of the company's claim. The earth thus carted out soon forms immense mounds, or 'tips' as they are technically termed, from the tipcarts used. It is thus an object to get a plaoe for disposing of tlie soil, or a ' tip ' as handy to the work as possible, so as to have as short a lead for the horses as can be obtained. The depth of the cuttings ranges from 25 feet to 35 feet ; the ordinary depth being about 30 feet. The stripping is done by day, and the washing by night, enough being gone rally stripped in the day to furnish the night's wash ing. Thus the hired men work during the day, and the members of the copartnery at night ; thus keep ing an eye on the more important operation of washing. An inclined road is left by which the earth is carted out of the hole that is very quickly made, and after the first few days' washing, the thing becomes easier, as there is then vacant ground upon which much ol' the surface soil may be cast. In one of the large paddocks sucli as I have de scribed there are usually twenty-five men employed in stripping and filling the carts, one man at the tip to tip the carts, and twelve at the wash -box, six by day and six by night when the claim is in full work— some of tlie claims working two boxes, when, of course, double the number of men arc employed. The larger claims have also twenty five horses at work, carting, the ordinary number being about four teen horses. To drive these, there are usually three boys employed, and in this a great deal of economy of labour is shown, very much depending upon the horse himself. There is usually one road out of tlie paddock 'with the loaded cart, ana another into it with the empty vehicle after it lias been tipped. The three boys are so placed along the line to nnd from the tips as to be within a short distance of the horses either going or coming, and to speak to and hurry on any that may lag on the way, or force on others that may stop. This, however, is seldom necessary, for the' horses get so perfectly well acquainted with the work required of them that they go of their own accord to the tip, and back to it ready for the-man to. tilt the cart, returning, and of themselves taking up a position suitable for loading. Nay, more than this, the moment the man sings out ' Joe-time,' which is the Araluen term for 'spell-oh !' the horses at once stop and look round for the nosebag. A. rather amusing incident, exemplifying the peculiar sagacity of these animals, occurred whilst I was at Araluen. One of the horses employed in carting was wanted for some other purpose, and he was led on one side and taken out of the cart. The moment the other horses saw this, they at oncc ran down together to the spot, breaking their line of march in the most disorderly manner, under the impression that some additional Joe-time had been allowed. Besides the men, boys, and horses above enume rated, there is an. engine employed to keep down the water in the different paddocks. One engine is usually so placed as to be able to pump for two paddocks. The water thus raised is carried into tlie sluice-boxes, and enables the company to wash their dirt. The engines are kept working uight and day, so that the paddocks are kept tolerably dry. There are in all eighteen engines on the ground, all -with tubular boilers, and some of them with all the latest improvements. One in particular I admired as being one of the prettiest engines I have seen for a long time, being a 15 h.p. engine, the property ef Mr. Blatchford, and working a centrifugal pump. Besides this, there is ono engine of 12 h.p., one of 10 h.p., and the rest of 8 and 6 h.p. They not not only do tlie pumping, but thoy have each each of tliem a table and circular saw attached, so as to do whatever saw ing may be necessary for slabbing wells, or drives, or anything else where support is necessary. Sometimes the engines are hired, and sometimes they are taken iu to represent one or two shares in the co-partnery — usually two shares. . . There is a run or lead of gold through tlie length of the valley. The course it has taken is as usual with such leads — a circuitous and eccentric one— though on looking at the ground, one may pretty fairly judge of the line it would bo likely to take from uie various points of tlie ranges that would most, probably turn the stream, form eddies, or divert the course of the water. Tlie width of, the lead of. wash-dirt ranges from 100 feet to ' 150 feet, the depth being from three to five feet. The smaller . depth -contains a larger proportion of gold than the greater depth, but not so much larger ss to make the three-foot stuff more profitable to work. On the contrary, the claim- ' holders would sooner sec the deeper than the/shallower dcipth, as a greater quantity of gold is obtained for the 'Superficial surface ? from the former than from the la ttcr. The cost of opening a paddock such as I have dcecribcd, if about 100 feet square, will be about £100 per week for ten or twelve weeks. Rather a large outlay you will say, especially as a great portion of it has to be incurred before there is any complete assur an ce of success or failure. It is no joke, let me tell yo u, to open, a duffer paddock on Araluen, and yet some thouaands of pounds have been expended in this manner. What makes the expense heavier than it otherwise would be be is the cost of labour, which is higher here than elsewhere itn tlie colony ; and has been arbi trarily fixed by the men, who, by a systematic com bination, have managcd to keep it up ; and by intimidation, and in some cases by violence, have prevented others from working at lower rates. The wages of all men working in the paddock are ten shillings a day, Those who work in drives get sixty five shillings' per week. Engine drivers get eighty shillings per week, ; and boys to drive thirty-five shil lings per week. For these wages they work ten hours, divided into four joe times or resting times, for meals, &cc.; Time is very punctual ly kept, and if a man does not get back to his work sharp up to time, he is knocked otf from work for that joe, or if he works is not paid for the quarter day. If they are well paid, the men certainly work very har d, and anything like scheming, ; or an attempt to shuffle out of a fare share of the | labour is at once remarked by the men themselves, as well as by the ganger, and if one warning is not suffi cient the man gets sent a drift. For seme months past, the yield of gold from Araluen has averaged fully 1200 ounces ; and, as tbe wash dirt hns been pretty uniform in the quantity of gold it has returned, it is . to be expected that, unless some such disastrous flood occurs as that which a few years ago devastated the 'valley, and overwhelmed works and machinery in on general ruin, this yield will be kept up for the next two or three years, by which time the lead through the valley will have been worked out. No deposit of 'any importance has been found beyond the main stream of wash dirt, although occasional patches probably deposited by eddies or currents, out' of the main lead have been hit upon, and have in some instances led to much useless expenditure of capital ; they have, however, never been extensive, have only been partial, and have never continued for any distance. In some cases where tlie , paddocks have ^ been so situated that the co-party have had to tip the stripping upon their own land, they have been com pelled to work tlie ground under these tips by tunnelling. It stands to reason that if they had to remove the earth tipped upon the land, as well as to strip from the surfacc down, the expense would be much too heavy for the yield of gold to sanction, and consequently tliey proceed by tlie more tedious method of tunnelling. This lias to be done very cautiously,, as, the whole being an alluvial deposit of decomposed granite, no distance can be driven with safety without securely- propping and slabbing the top and sides of the drive. A movable framework is made by .having two stout upright posts, one on each side, witii even a stronger piece across from one to the other side^-capped in to the top ; this kind of frame in put in at every three or four feet, and the distance between is slabbed up, the ends of the slabs resting on tlie frame, and the top and side slabs supporting and blocking up each other ; this requires to be done with the greatest possible care, as the whole subsoil is so exceedingly treacherous, tbat as soon almost as put up, tlie. sarth comes down upon the slabbing and framework, And the weight it requires to bear up, is something enormous. Only a . week or so ago, aa, accident occurred in one of the drives, by which the lives of thrce men were sacrificed. The drive was slabbed and propped, as it was thought securely, but owing tc some cause that could not be explained, whether from the careless way of puttiug Lin the supports, or from some lateral or uneven pressure, one of the main side props gfcve way and then all the rest came dewn one by one like a card regiment. The depth of the cut was over, thirty feet, and there was on this a tip of some sixteen or eighteen feet iji: height, and all this regularly caved, in upon ijie poor fellows at work beneath it. I wentinto and inspected one.of the drives in tho immediate vicinity of where the accident occurred ; and, looking at the mateiial that is worked into, and the nature -of the soil ahead that has to be supported, it says much for tlie .care and .steadiness of the men that this should be the only accident that has happened. The drive I visited runs in for a distance of 100 feet, the boundary of tlie claim, and from ithis branch drives are drixen in .two or three places. There is a second drive put in, communicating by one.of these branch galleries with the first or main drive, and thus causing not only a steady current of air, but also offering an outlet for escape in the event of a slip of earth behind the workmen. The washdirt is a very coarse grit o decomposed, or rather abrased, granite, qiixed with large stones, and full of water. Above this .often lies a bed of stones mingled with the sand formed by the decomposed granite, from which also water drains in large quantities, causing a certain caving unless the drive be slabbed. The drives ore, of course, well drained down into a well, which is kept clear by the pumps attached to every paddock. The drive I am now speaking of is about four feet high, and a tram, way is laid down in it, along which a small truck mounted on flanged wheels is made to travel, bringing out the wash-dirt to the boxes at the opening of the .drive. There were four men at work in tbe drive, two employed bringing out the wash-dirt, and three at the sluice-boxes. The boss or ganger was engaged in the interesting avocation of panning cut the gold, but his chief business was looking after the security of the slabbing of the drive. The tunnelling is a much longer and more troublesome way of getting out the gold than the stripping, and it is therefore only entered upon when the ground is doubt ful, and by way of testing it, or when the ground above has been tipped upon. Some of these tips are very extensive, and are often as much as eighteen aud twenty feet high. As the earth falls over from the carts at a regular angle, being very nearly the same as that adopted by military engineers in the construction of their earthworks, it requires but a very small sketch of fancy on the part of the beholder to make him imagine that he sees before him some vast defensive works in progress of construction j and he may almost trace out bastions, ravelins, curtains, and fosses, crowned by some more lofty tips than usual to answer for the enceinte or inner line of works. I can tell you what my opinion is, after look at this vast upheaval of soil, all caused by human hands, and after seeing the mass of earth that forty men and twenty horses and carts -can, by working on a system, remove in a day ; it is this, that if American or Russian enemies visit Sydney, and a few hundrc-d of our hardy diggers will only work with the same will in the defence of their native or adopted land, as they do in their search after the irritamenta malorum, four-and.-twenty hours would see such works con structed as would puzzle 'even the Dahlgren guns of Uncle Sam, and make Brother Jonathan, wide-awake as he is, open his eyes ' considerable.' Since I have seen Araluen, and have discovered what our men can do on a pinch, my mind has been veiy much easier on the subject of our defences. There arc in the valley no less than twenty-eight public-houses, distributed over the three settlements I have enumerated, and on the opposite side of the creek or valley. I do not know if I mentioned that these settlements are on the eastern side of the valley, the creek running between it and the opposite side, on which the Government township has been esta blished. Tlie greater part of the public-houses are sprinkled along the four miles that the long straggling settlement extends over— the number giving one public-house to every sixty (odd) male adults ; a very poor look-out, indeed, for the adults, if the publicans arc all to make a living. Just imagine what some of the miners would say if they were eallei upon to number themselves off into sixty-fours for tlie purpose of a levy being made qn each batch for the support of one of the twenty-eight publicans. They would look rather blue, if they did notclear out altogether, if the thing were put to them in that shape. Dead Mahquis. — A feuiUetonut of the Epoqtte states as a fact that when the body of the rich Aquado Marquis de las Marismas, who lately died wliile on a visit to Spain, was sent to France for interment, a Custom-house officer at Nantes, who saw the bos containing the embalmed remains lying on the quay among other packages, chalked upon it tin marguis emlalmd, 200 Kilogrammes. — European Times. Anecdote or D'Obsav.— I remember a dinner at the Ship, where there were a good many ladies, and when D'Orsav waB of the party, during which his at tention. was directed to a centre pane of glass in the bay window over the. Thames, where some one had written in large letters with a diamond D'Orsay's name in improper conjunction with a celebrated Ger man danseuse, then, fulfilling an engagement at the opera. With characteristic readiness. and sangfroid, he took an orange from a near him, and, making some trifling remarks on the excellence of the fruit, tossed it up once or twice, 'mti'tymg it in again. Presently, as if by accident, he gave it a wider cant, and sent It tbnrngh the window, knocking the ' offensive words out of sight into the Thames.— Gron/% Bfrfcdeji'i JUtoBwtuwu. 