A REAL GHOST STORY. We commend the following to the notice of some tbe many publishers of readings for Christmas. Hie simple facts transpired in a parish in Boxourgh- •kire this present mouth, about midnight, between a Sjtiday and Sunday. It was moonlight, but cloudy, 'wi^j the night was someiimas clear and at other iiia«| nearly pitch dark—in fact, it was such a night '*V«ches, w:ulocks, and jihusts ustd to delight in, ai3 irtecmed to our informant that one of these •ufemaitirnl visitants actually made its appearance i> Mie said parish at the time abovementioned, and 'V place w.is tbe churchyard.- But tu begin tie beginning of iht story, it was narrated to by u respectable person who lived in a tallage hard by the seene^nid wiio with his wife and iamily also gut a fright. 'J hey hod just retired to 'ISI for i he night. There wa6 no light in the room 'wihe flickering light of the dying embets of the in tiie grate; when suddenly the door opened; «od an elderly woman rushed into tbe room. She *« aitnost. out of breath, rood silt down nearly «- ""listed on the nearest seat. She nearly fainted Theguid folks of the house recollected that Nil} 1 had forgotten to lock the door, and thought it joust be some human being iu great distress who IMII run into their house for protection. They K'veher a driuk to revive her and when she came touad a little, in answer lo the question what ailed !,t t , she muttered out, amid long drawn sighs, inat" 6|,e thought the time had gaen by for ghosts, 7'ffl she had seen ane the nicht." In this way she jwctcded to tell how she had gone to pay a visit to "a dear departed husband's grave, for there was naebofly like her John. He was aye dear to her, and that he was away (herp was naue to fill his Ptto, and she never felt happy unless when she was wH'lt him. Aye, his very dust was dear to her, *M "be coul I spend who'o nights beside him yet, ";°»tshhe had been buried now for months. She •" ' •"C had often before gone and stood beside liis umtieetone for hours, and no one iiad fashed her till ™«t night, when she had got sic a gliff that she, she would not get over it, "Oh, me 1" said "latawlu'.looking mun. It wasna my John. Na ma John M nae ugly-looking, black face like ba?"' J tbe » the awful'man never spoke a word ""ipadesic Unearthly Sounds, and nointed wi' hii 7'JOMesic unearthly sounds, and pointed wi' his *h ih U P whiles down, th&tl; didna kca j l »' i . £ Was fta e aboon or below, and be made loK Q 'W«MWtotw»ws». Be put hii hands up «Ushe»a,an4 looked tor »• the wwM like the black falls wi hiBlioras. It wasna tor John, I «m sure for be wadna hse glided meihatway, and tlien he would have spoken to me that I cooll ho' kenned what he eai.l, tut that awfu' man, wi' a' his screeching, anil boobooing and shaking o' his head and hand. didm. sneak in our tongue. Ob, that awfu' man, his black, heavy face is hooting me yet, and whither be came from I denna ken aither, ; I'm sure. He didna come in at the gate nor ower ; the he just started up before me out o* John's \ grave, but hewasna ma John. I dinna ken howl j got away from that awfu'-like apparition, or how I I came here. Where am I?" So *hen she had finished her stoiy It was plain she had had a serere shock to her nerves. The family into whose house she came, when they got a light knew i her to he a respectable woman, and when she was more composed the gnodman kindly volunteered to aceuiapay the home. On the way thev were met by the decent woman's son.'who imti been searching everywhere for his mother, and, knowing that she might possibly, late as it was,have gone there for she had been rather deeply affected by the loss of her hustand. so much so that there was no consoling her, and there was no keepiug her away from the grave when she could get away. It seems, however, that she had got such a fright by that visit that she would not soon seek baek to the haunted churchyard. We can only guess at n solution of the mysterious apparition- A deaf and .lamb man, with bushy black beard and moustache. lodges in a dwelling overlooking the burying-ground. He may have seen the disconsolate woman there, and out of pity for her had gone to advise her to go home; but his strange appearance, want of. speech, and the signs made with his hands may have added to the woman's terror, her healed imagination doing the rest.— ' Caledonian Mercury? DeMniber U , 