THE NEW TARIFF. Ia the first of "wliat is to be a series of letters by the special reporter of the Argus appears the following: Has the tariff injured colonial industry? We have shown that trade has fallen off, aud now we will point to the reason. Our intercolonial trade, so pro digious of late years, has almost succumbed to the restricts imposed on it. That it is not wholly de stroyed is because the tariff is not confirmed, and the merchants have just kept it together by sending abroad the stocks they bad in hand before the duties were imposed. Merchants will not have their tran sactions dragged before the public eye, or we could give figures and quantities which would make many a protectionist, who has said " Down with the mer chant," just as others wanted to drive the squatters across the Murray with their own stockwhips, hold his breath for a space. The business is the mere ghost of what it was. Foreign buyers-whose name ?was legion-have absented themselves from this market, nor can the advantages we afford-cheap clothing and drapery goods, freshly and perfectly manufactured to be eminently fit and saleable, coats, jackets, trousers, capes, vests, shirts, women's under clothing, and crinolines, all of the better quality (for low-class goods are not made here)-attract when adverse duties threatened to swallow profits; At one time it was a favorite Ministerial argument that soft goods could be bought in bond, but experience has thrown that to the winds. Not one-tenth of the goods purchased could be sold in the bale. It is of their nature that the buyer must select for himself, and hence what is called an " open" trade. In the larger warehouses the buyer can walk round a full mile of ^.%nterJ on which assorted goods, com prising ^every article of clothing or dress-orna ment, and every trifle of the toilet for men and women, are laid out for inspection. To have all this in bond would require duplicate warehouses, clerks, assistants, porters, and all. One house has established a boud on its own premises for bale goods only, but only to save the interest on cash paid for duty, and it has proved a great iuconvenience, if not loss. Moreover, buyers for the other colonial mar kets, being unable to get one class of goods at a profit, decline to take any others either. They go to Sydney, and our colonial industry is thus forcibly limited to our own demands, to the detriment of our shipping and our port. Every warehousing firm has the same tale to tell of foreign customers who have not ventured here since the tariff began, or else have withdrawn by letter. Here is a letter from a Hobart Town firm to L. Stevenson and Sons, selec ted at random. After alluding to the new duties, it states : " Surely your public men could not be in their senses to advocate that which will be most detrimen tal to the interests of the commerce of Victoria. . , . . What is to become of your export trade in soft goods ? You have hitherto supplied the colo nial markets with a large portion of their wants, but your present tariff has settled all this for the pre sent, and the result will be that our orders will g& to Sydney. .... Our orders will certainly go there; for under the existing tariff in Victoria, added to our own. we should find that your goods cost us too much. We don't hear that you contemplate any drawback .... in fact that would be almost impossible. .... Are you prepared to close your accounts with the colonies ?" And so on. Back, too, have come the commercial travellers of our firms with such statements as that made a few days since by Mr Hunter, traveller for the above-mentioned firm. He said he had travelled from one end of New Zealand to the other, and could only do one-fourth the trade for which ar rangements had been made, and that one-fourth only in articles which his employers had had in stock before the duty caste, or else they waived the duty to clear but the goods. One reply fitted all attempts to push business-whatever wa3 touched by these | odious Victorian duties was refused. The other day j a Launceston firm actually sent back a L250 case of silks, and the exporting firm had to pay double duty on the return. The worst is, that it is on these " opfiri" goods that the Victorian manufacturers are employed, so that directly old stocks fail they will feel the loss of custom Even now many hands would be discharged from the factories but for the ctoubt in which matters stand. Need more be said again>t the tariff ? Need we dilate upon its extra ordinary inequalities-how the moleskins, pea coats, thick woollen hose, and cheap hats pay three or four times as much as the dearer article, because they occupy more space, and it is the dearer article which is of Victorian manufacture. There is no view of the case which does not show that the tariff protects nothing, while it is a powerful agent for in justice in taxation and suppression of the industries free-trade has given us. 