LADY DON'S PERFORMANCES. | Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather last evening there was a numerous attendance in the pit and upper circle of the Theatre attracted doubtless by the unusual novelties presented in the bill of fare, which com- prised the domestic drama of Leah, scenes from the Castle Spectre and the new burlesque of Prince Florisel. The drama of Leah the Forsaken, is an extremely interesting and touching one, and fully deserving of the great popularity which it sceems to have acquired wherever it has been presented, although much curtailed last evening. It is evidently a piece which appeals strongly to the sympathies of the audience and abounds with thrilling dramatic situations of a very sensational cast. Lady Don's conception of the leading character ap- pears to be a very truthful one, and to the extent of her powers her delineation of it calls for the highest praise. The other cha- racters were all very creditably sustained. The great sensation of the evening was of course the introduction of the veritable ghost - the invention of Professor Pepper, - which created such a furore in England a little time ago. The apparition was introduced in a short selection from the play known as the Castle Spectre, and it would have been wonderfully effec- tive, but for the fact that there was some defect in the lime light used. We may as well inform our readers that this singular illusion is produced by the simple reflec- tion of a human figure, by aid of the lime light, on a sheet of plate glass. Of course, if the light is imperfect the illusion will be equally so, and although the principle of the exhibition was fully demonstrated last evening in the earlier part of the scene, the sudden failure of the light destroyed the perfectness of the illusion. With a little more care, however, the Ghost may re-appear with success. The performances closed with the burlesque of Prince Florisel, or A Winter's Tale, in which Lady Don appeared and sent the audi- ence home in right good humor. This evening the same programme will be repeated, with the substitution of the Handsome Husband, for Leah, 