Meeting at Gcjieeaciia. iJACAlJitU Ai UUJUiUdULA. A meeti 11 sc of the electors of (ruineracha wa ■ lield at the District Hotel on Wednesday eveuinr. January 18. There were about 3'J persons preseni and Mr. Alexander Forrest was called on t preside. Tlie Chairman read the requisition upon which the meeting had becu called, which stated that th: object was to consider whether the present mem bers should lie invited to offer themselves a, candidates. He remarked that the meeting wr»: called for an important purpose, and it would b - for them to decide whether the old member should represent tbem or whether fresh candidate should be brought forward. Mr. H. Dawson, J.l',, thought the present wa= not a time when any one taking an interest in public affairs should keep silent, as matters had reached a deadlock. The period had come f.-i them to do awpy with that frequent ghost, and tc provide a percussion key to open it. (A. laugh.) 1; was full i ime to take measures for giving a majority to one party or the other. It would be foolish for the constituencies all to return their old mem bers, because if tbey did so the present unsatie factory condition of politics would continue, lie was not prepared to go against their present members; but it was necessary that they should so consider the merits of the various camlidato for their suffrages as not to allow their privilege of self-government to be brought into disgrace In his opinion the House of Assembly were not so deserving of blame as the other branch of the Legislature. (Hear.; The Lower Housn had endeavoured to pass some useful legislation, but they liad been thwarted by the members of the Council. (Mr.Greig—"The LoadBilL") Yes; that and other measuies had been thrown out of tht Upper Hcuse. He felt sure the squatters in thai Chamber had out of revenge refused to ratify much of what the House of Assembly approved. (Hear, hear.) He believed that the Assessment Act of 1S5S was a well-digested measure, concocted as if bad been by Mr. ranson, and no complaint what ever was uttered against the action taken under it until the publication of Mr. Goyder's valuations, He considered that the bargain which had been entered into was a fair and just one. The squatters were nothing else than crows picking the eyes out of the country. Through their action, he (Mr. Dawson) and others wen prevented from purchasing land, because; by arrangement with land-jobbers, the price was kept up to a monstrous figure, to the prejudice of out siders. The time had come, for them to protest against being humbugged as they had been. There had been a deadlock, and that was brought about entirely through the squatters. The electors would be able to return men better able to represent their sentiments. They should judge of former mem bers by their past action, and by observing whcthei they had stuck to their colours. They had a right to exercise their judgment, and endeavour to put in the most steady men they could get. They should always keep -in their recol lections the conduct of the members of the Upper House—(Hear)—for, as he had said, great mischief had been ^perpetrated in that branch of the Legislature. He would say no more at pre sent, but leave other subjects to other gentlemen in the meeting. Whether they should carry out . Goyder's valuations in their integrity was a sub ject which might be discussed. Mr. A. Gbeig generally coincided in Mr. Daw son's remarks, but thought the object of the meeting had been somewhat departed from. Per haps it would be well for its conveners to state what the views of their present members were. He doubted whether those who had signed the adver tisement had gone the right way to work, as lie thought the members should have been requested to attend and enunciate their political viewB. - Mr. Dawson said it would be forewarning the members of what tbey might expect if the electors proceeded-to state what their opinions were. Mr. Gbeig then moved—"That in the opinion of this meeting Mr. Goyder's valuations are fair, and should be upheld." Mr. Dawson felt the greatest pleasure in seconding that motion as lie believed it would tend to advance the welfare of the colony if they saw that the valuations were adhered to. He hoped they would not be overturned either by might or by power in any quarter. Mr. J. Tbestbail supported the resolution. They had an important question at issue, and if ever there had been a time at which it was incum bent on electors to express their views the present . was one. The first questions were—Had the Par liament been dissolved, and what was the cause of the dissolution? He should support no candidate who would not uphold Goyders valuations by every legitimate means. The Pastoral Association was a powerful and wealthy body, which would strive to set aside the valuations. Unlike the Political Association, they worked in secret, and endeavoured to benefit by every means. The mem bers of it reminded him of a pack of hounds, mastiffs, Newfoundlands, and terriers, harking, and howling, and groaning; but the electors should oppose that body as strenuously as possible. He should like to have had their members there that night to slate their views and be catechized. Indeed, be should not have come had he not expected to meet them. The squatters had had the whole benefit of the lands of the colony for 14 years—some of them for 21 years. He was personally acquainted with the runs, and he knew-that Mr. Goyder's valua tions were perfectly fair and reasonable. Mr. Kellv, of Teatree Gully, had, he noticed, said that Mr. Gojder did not visit the runs at different times as he should have done. The fact was he had done so. He bad, while engaged in country surveys become personally acquainted with them, and had rendered himself fully competent to place a valuation upon them which was fair and right. He knew that Mr. Blyth had stated his determination to uphold the va'nations. Should he persist in doing- so, he (Mr. Trestrail) should stick to him like a brick;-but if be changed, he shonld have nothing to do with him. They should without equivocation or doubt express their views in favour of the valuations. He noticed that one writer in the Register, signing himself " Umpire," had been sending clever letters to that journal, in which he had been dealing with the Advertiser rather too smartly. He thought Mr. Barrow deserved the undoubted thanks of the community for what he had done. He had sup ported the Register and Observer, and had thought them excellent papers; but he hardly thought they had been up to the mark at the present time. It was possible that the Advertiser had gone a little too far; hut for all that it had done good service by its advocacy. (Bear, hear.) livery elector in the province was entitled to speak out, and demand that they should have their share of the public lands. The squatters had made their tens of thousands of pounds, and they should now either pay Goyder's valuation for their leases or have their inns taken from them and pnt up to auction. That was the best test. (Cheers.) Let the squatter? compete for their runs on fair terms with the farmers. He and many others liad been debarred from having a fair chance against the squatters, but that state of things should be altered for the future. He had spoken lately with a personal friend—a squatter— and had offered to take his run if he gave it up, but be stated that he had no intention, and he believed that would be the way with the whole of them. If the runs went to auction they would, he believed, go up higher than the valuations. (Hear, hear.) The squatters would howl, and growl, and bark, but it was for the electors to act, and put in no menwhowould not support Goyder's valuations to the letter. (Cheers.) The resolution was carried unanimously amid apnlause. Mr. H. Dawson thought this was a good time for letting their opinion go abroad on the subject of free distillation and free trade generally. He hoped those acquainted with the subject would initiate the matter. Mr. Gheig wanted free distillation, but he thought they were leaving the other -question too speedily. They liad affirmed Goyder's valuations; but it was possible that the squatters might have hundreds and District Councils declared, thus in directly getting the amount they had to pay re duced. The electors should, therefore, get their members to pledge themselves to vote against the declaration of hundreds, the appointment of Select Committees on the valuations, or any other means of directly swindling the public of their due.. (Mr. Dawson—"Indirect swindling.'") No. It was direct swindling. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) Many candidates said they would support the valuations; but they omitted to state that they would countenance no means of modifying or varying them. The pastoral land should not be declared into hundreds at all except when it was wanted by farmers. He moved a resolution to that eff ect. Mr. Tbestbail seconded without remark. Mr. Caleb Heritage moved as au amendment —"That this meeting having decided that Goyders valuations in justice to the community should be upheld, pledges itself not to suppert any candidate whose past career has not shown him to possess interests identical with those of the agricultural community." The candidate was in an analogous position to a lover, ready to picmiBe anything when he met his constituents, so that they should not judge him by his statements at election meetings, but by his past conduct They should elect per sons with agricultural tendencies, not with squat ting tendencies. It was a disgrace lo the colony that there were so few farmers in the House. Squatters, auctioneers, millers, and other classes were well represented in the House, but not so the fanners. The candidates absolutely gulled the people by promising one thing and then afterwards following a course most in accordance with their own in terests. They should all pnt their shoulders to the wheel at the present juncture, aud see that they returned none but proper men. Mr. J. Coad seconded the amendment. Mr. Hicks asked whether they could not now have any portion of a run put up to auction at six months' notice, and whether the purchase of that portion would not enable the declaration of a hundred, and, so far, the evasion of Goyder's valuations. He Itelievcd the Go vernment were up to any move in the world, and tbey had more to look to than Goyder's valuations. If ever a community had been overtaxed and gulled by their rulers he believed South Australia had. They should for the future lookout for themselves, and not let soft words and persuasive corpulent persons- delude them. He tielieved that this had been the case in the past. There was scarcely an individual in the House who had striven to advance the good of the colony. Office-seeking had been the rage, aud principle liad been thrown into the background. Their constituents had been deceived by plausible speeches: bat the time was come for pntting a stop to that sort of thing. He wished to know whether the purchase of small pieces of laud in runs would enable the declaration of hundreds. Mr. H. Dawson did not think Goyders valua tions had anything to do with the declaration of hundreds. There had been hundreds declared as it was. Mr. Greig was of opinion that if he or Mr. Hicks were to apply for land in particular quar ters, they would either be told that surveys were not being conducted in those districts, or the Government would accept their money and then offer to let the matter stand over perhaps for years. The mischief bad been that the Government had given peculiar facilities to squatters to purchase the best parts of the runs. What he wished to convey by the resolution was that particular portions of a district should not be put up for sale, but that the whole run should be offered at ouce— that lands should not be declared into hundreds, except at the request of agriculturists and for agri cultural purposes. There was considerable diffi culty in determining whether the Government had supported Goyder's valuations or not. He then alluded to the circumstances under which the | Government had recommended a dissolution, I remarking that both their members, if his memory served him right, voted against including the upset price of runs put up to auction in the Land Begula tions. Mr. Tbestrait, said it had been always found necessary for the Government to declare hun dreds when the land was wanted. Buugarce and other runs bad been declared into hundreds for squatting purposes; but in future nothing of the sort should be allowed, for runs should only be declared into hundreds at the request of the agriculturists, as had been the case before the present squatting agitation. A considerable amount of . discussion here took place as to whether the debate o» the motion should not be opened up, although the mover and seconder had replied, Air. B. Bush complaining that an opportunity had not been given to every, one to speak. Mr. H. Dawson proposed that Mr. Bush be heard. Mr. Trbstbah, said abundance of time had been given for every one to address the meeting. The amendment was then put, and 10 hands were held up for it; 16 hands were also held up for the motion. The Chairman gave his casting-vote for the motion. Mr. Dawson-I am only half beat, as I voted ior both motion and amendment. Mr. W. Cornish thought it very bad policy on their part to publish their views before the candi dates came before thein. It would aiford them an excellent opportunity to gull the electors by ex pressing theii agreement with the views they had enunciated at that meeting. It would tend to bias the candidates' minds. (Hear, hear.) The Chairman recommended that the meeting should proceed to propose candidates. Mr. Heritage thought they should discuss other important questions. Mr. J. Monfkies considered they should refer to the question of free distillation, with a view to deciding what in reality was included in the term. What was its proper definition? If free distilla tion. in the true seuse of the word, was granted, it would tend to degrade the country lamentably. It, or something equivalent to it, had, in other countries, brought beggary and destitution, and if the districts were to have the maintenance of their own poor care Ehould be taken not to foster the causes which tended to promote poverty and dis tress. They should rather tax drink higher than at present so as to discourage drunkenness. Mr. B. Bush disapproved of the idea of announcing their views lor the information of candidates. Mr. Hicks thought they should be prepared to dj everything open and above board. It would be cjwardly of them not to avow their opinions and i idicate to candidates what sort of welcome they might look for. If they gave free distillation to the country, how would they make up the deficiency to the revenue f That was the question. The Chairman remarked that the discussion was irregular unless some resolution was proposed. Mr. J. Trbstkail moved that the members be iuvited to attend a further meeting, and give an account of their stewardship, and explain their views on matters to be considered in the future. Other candidates might also be invited, and the various questions might begiscussed with effect. Mr. Dicker seconded. Mr. Bush again remonstrated against pointing «nt beforehand to candidates what the feelings of their constituents were. Mr. Greig thought it was having a very low opinion of their representatives to suppose that they would turn round to make their views accord with those of the electors. He was far from satisfied with the present members; but he did not think thein capable of conduct such as that. He thought; as they were there, it would be profitable to venti late the various important public questions. He should be disposed to support a candidate who voted for free distillation; and. as to the definition of that term, he would adopt the one suggested by Mr. Milne at Lobetlial. namely. "That every man should be allowed to boil his own kettle." (A laugh.) He then alluded to the various im pediments iu the way of distillation under the pro visions of Dr. Work's Act, and spoke of t!:e arguments in favour of the free system, contained in the Register some 21 years ago. The teetotal lers had opposed free distillation; but it was a fac: j that in countries where no restrictions were placed upon the system of manufacturing from produce, there was less drunkenness than in those where such restrictions existed. Mr, Trestrail's motion, that the present i members and other candidates be invited to 1 meet the electors on Thursday, January S3, at j 3 o'clock, was carried. j . Mr. Peakce then handed in a copy of a requisi tion to the Hon. G. F. Angas, so.iciting him to stand again as a candidate for the Legislative Council. _ Mr. H. Dawson read the heading of the memo rial, but spoke against expressing any opinion on the subject. Mr. Trestbail thought before they pledged themselves to any candidate for the Upper House thev ehould require them to meet the electors in Adelaide and various other centra! localities. He should like to know the opinions of all candidates i for both Houses on Goyder's valuations before he stated his opinions with regard to their capabilities. The Chairman stated that the business of the : meeting was now closed. A vote of thanks was 1 Ihen pas ed to Mr. Forrest, which he suitably acknowledged. Air. Tbestbail proposed a vote cf thanks to the Press, and stated his view that they were specially j indebted to the Hon. J. H. Barrow for the course ! be had taken. He might have goue lather too far, but the other papers had hardly gone far enough. Mr. Hicts seconded the motion; but remarked j thkt they were not in want of a dictator to state how they were to act, be he the Hon. J. H. Barrow or any one else. They had a free Press, and he thought it well deserved their thanks without spetial reference to any paper. Mr. A. Greig had read both Chronicle and OZ> sercer, and he did not think the Hon. J. H. Barrow was open to the charge of dictating. The thanks of the community was due to the Press, but more particularly to the Chronicle. (No, no, no; and Hear, hear.) Mr. Heritage thought Mr. Barrow had acted the part of the faithful watch-dog, and therefore he i was specially deserving of thanks. The motion was put that the thanks of the meeting be accorded to the Press, and especially to the Hon. J. H. Barrow, and carried. it. Conigrave for the Advertiser and Mr. Frx EATSGN for the Register returned thanks. Mr. Forrest having vacated the chair, Mr. Dawson was voted to it. Mr. W. Cornish then addressed the meeting on the subject of free distillation, which he con demned as being likely to degrade the country and prove an Injury to every person, with thp excep tion of a few large vinegrowers. If it were gra. ted be believed a new lunatic asylum would have to be erected. Mr. Trestrail was scarcely in favour of free distillation; but he certainly thought the present system should be modified. He disagreed with Mr. Cornish as to the effect of affording faciliti s for the manufacture of spirits or the growth of wine. It was a fact proved in the experience of all spirit and wine producing countries that the cheaper the article was the less intemperance there was. They should look at the matter in the pounds, shillings, and pence view, and consider whether they could make up the revenue if free distillation was granted. Mr. J. MOXliUhS thought the people ill France and Germany must be differently constituted from those of England, Scotlaud. and Ireland, for in those countries he felt convinced that reduction in price would induce a greater .consumption. Mr. B. Bush was also of opiuion that cheapness of drink would promote intemperance in a country with a climate like this. Mr. Hicks thought the question of morals must be put upon the shelf altogether, and the matter looked at in connection with the requirements of the Treasury. If trade was free and distillation was free, how would they make up the revenue? He did not think a poll-tax would be approved of. After some more discussion, a motion was made that the meeting should adjourn, which was carried, and the proceedings closed. 