I PUNCH'S WEEKLY RECORD. j The weather during the past week has conducted itself in a manner fully worthy of even Mr. Punch's approbation. He is happy to speak J well of so rising and deserving an institution. Parliament narrowly escaped prorogation on the 21st instant, but the country was fortunately saved from so disastrous a contretemps A most alarming and devastating fire took place at the residence of Mr. J udge Meymott. It was fortunately extinguished before the slight est damage was done. It was supposed to have originated in the water butt, the contents of which, recently replenished, were reduced to ashes. A gentleman has been appointed to receive small contributions in aid of the Leichhardt Fund, and when found, will be most happy to make notes of them. The more the better for the credit of New South Wales, says Mr. Punch. The licensed victuallers of Sydney have organised a society to protect their own interests pro bono publico. A Photograph of the Pic Nic at Sans Souci has recently been pub lished. The portraits are all "taken from life," and are highly sug gestive of the Chamber of Horrors at Madame Tussaud's Waxworks. Two new J udges took their seats during the week, and inaugurated their official existence by swearing frightfully, to the disgust of that immaculate and enlightened body, the Bar of New South Wales, whose members would not be in their shoes on any account — no not they ! Two tins of preserved raw meat were opened in Sydney, and pro nounced to be more delicious and fresher than when they were first shipped from England in October last. A conipanv is to be organised here for the purpose of tickling the palate of the English gourmet with this last sensation diet, under the title of the Bucolical Cannabilistic Association, (limited.) The new Attorney General has not yet been appointed, but itis gene rally believed that neither David Buchanan, D. 0. Dalgleish, nor Dr. Lang will be elected to fill the vacancy. The Solicitor Generalship is also at present "to let unfurnished "—but there will be less difficulty about this, as there are always plenty of solicitors to be found for any " billet " in Sydney. It is however whispered that the most probable recipents of these important appointments are Messrs. DoAKand Castles, and very appropriate too. The Queensland I reasurer has discovered a deficit in his money box, and proposes an increase in the Customs Duties to cover it. New South Wales chuckles complacently at her great superiority in both these respects. The Umpire records the escape of a prisoner, after having been sur rounded by stone walls for 1000 years, at the time when the Empire was a pretty little child. The unfortunate victim of the law jumped about cheerfully for joy at its cma ncipati on , but it was not until it took refuge in a pond of water that its pursuers discovered it was a frog. A real live " Ghost " made its appearance at the Jewish Ball. The unearthly visitant however behaved remarkably well, and it was not till after supper that it gave the slighest indication of its spiritual ten- dencies. — Though the ball was a fancy one, none of the " fancy" were present. A dearly cherished scheme of surveying the Darling Hivcr is at length to be carried out, con amore. The Committee are so terribly in earnest that they are going up to their necks into it. Seven of the Sydney, shot seven of the Caxton Hi fie Club. The police did not interfere, on the contemptible plea that the slaughter was done in a friendly way. The Pope is going to fly from Borne. The name of the clever artist who constructed his wings has not yet transpired. Possibly they are the wings of some old cathedral. Mr. Dahvall has gone home to hurl the Chancellor from his scat. A day of general mourning for his departure from New South Wales has not yet been advertised in the Government Gazette. The Second Volume of Punch was published. In consequence of the rush to the office, the traffic was completely impeded in Gcorge-strcct, and the adjacent thoroughfares. 