THE ENCYCLICAL LETTER. Thou art Peter,, and upon fchis rock I will build my Church, and the gates of Hell shall not pre vail against it, and I will give to'thee the keys of the kingdom of Heaven and whatsoever thou shall bind upon earth, it shall be bound also in Heaven; and whatsoever thou shalt looses on earth, tit shall be loosed, also in Heaven.' Uatt xvu ? (To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal.) Sir,— Whilst the whole motly crew of Infidels heretics, freethinkers and latitudinarians, are loud' in their denunciations of the Encyclical Letter, and in their malicious prophesies as to its results' the true and faithful children of the church cannot do otherwise than regard that document not only as amongst the most remarkable of the age, but as a glorious evidence and an indisputable proof af the undying energy and supernatural ' vitality of the HoIy See. They behold with astonishment not un mmgled with awe, the intrepid policy and unflinching determination of the Holy Father, seeing that he stands, so to speak, alone in the midst of innutner--.» ble enemies, now still more and more infuriated by reason of the apostolic truth proclaimed in the Encyclical Letter, which in utter disregard of con* sequences, as knowing that the Church's might is not human, but divine, clashes with all their infidel sentiments, their heretical principles, their free thinking opinions, and their latitudinarian ideas. The apostolic voice of command, issuing from the Holy See, true to its divine instincts at once with unerring certainty, in every age and under every conceivable combination of circumstances has ever intuitively detected the diabolical agency of Satan even though concealed beneath the most subtle disguise, and has never ceased to warn all those who unconsciously were treading on the verge of destruction of their extreme danger. This divine authority condemns all who, under whatever name,, are attempting to undermine the foundation of faith by means of the specious cry of liberty and freedom. The Encyclical Letter contains at the same time, evidence of the most profound wisdom, the most accurate knowledge of the ultimate tendency of the present age, the most absolute and fearless con fidence in the justness of the cause which it ad vocates, and of which it is the only legitimate exponent, and the most sovereign and supreme indifference to human support or assistance. It is the old story over again, for as in the first ages the Bishops of Rome in times of tribulation and peril, were ever in the foremost rank, whether it was necessary to proclaim the faith amidst the ferocious legions of heathen Rome, or to seal the truth of their testimony with their lives, thus entering fche church triumphant through the crimson sea of their own blood of martyrdom— or whether the exigency of the times demanded that they should confront the barbarian hordes of the northern nations and declare the truth ot God to their kings and princes even at the head of victorious armies, at all times and on all occasions during the now near 1900 years of the church's life,. the Roman Pontiffs have ever displayed the same ceaseless eneigy and determination, the same abso lute disregard of the smiles or frowns of men, the same constant readiness to act, to suffer and if needed to die, gnd as the first of the long glorious array of the Popes suffered a death of cruel torture and lingering agony,as his Divine Master before him, and as in the first age of the church the same was almost constantly the portion of his successors sojiow in these last days, the time may have arrived when per mission shall be given to the infernal powers to rise in revolt against the church and its chief pastor as perhaps they have never hitherto done. The last persecution of the church may even now be ou the eve of its commencement, which shall only be terminated by the second advent of her Divine Lord and everlasting Ruler. Yes, this final persecution, which now the signs of the times point out as fast approaching, will be the worst, the most sanguinary, and the most awful of all, because, irt former times the church had for the most part only to contend with flesh and blood ; but in. this last tribu lation the world the flesh and the devil, the united le gions of Antichrist, the combined forces of Hell, and the support and approbation of the world will be leagued together to destroy and annihilate the Eternal Kingdom or' God, the everlasting Church of Christ — yet through all these fearful troubles will she remain faithful and irue even until the last,, when all things mortal shall be at an end, and the Church militant having finished her appointed course, having completed her allotted period of munddne existence, and having been tried in tj»& furnace of fiery persecution and tribulation, 'shall, be united with the Church triumphant, the 'Heavenly Jerusalem,' the eternal city of the Son of God blessed with the everlasting fragrance of Heaven, and needing neither the sun nor the moon to enlighten' it, because the ineffable glory of the Most High God shall diffuse a transcendant brightness through its every part. . The Popes, the successors of St. Peter, the sole posset'sors of that divine and awful commission and authority with which the Divine Redeemer in the days of his sojourn here below, invested their first predecessor, do not, when authoritatively ad dressing the whole Christian world, speak with their own voice nor act in their own persons, but as directed by the Almighty himself, and under the immediate dictation of the Holy Spirit, and hence it is that times . and seasons, dangers and tribulations, persecutions and sufferings, have no effect whatever upon the authori tative declarations of the Holy See, either to augment or to check their power. They are delivered urbi et.orbi, without any reference to these, as regards them, indifferent matters, by the imo mediate and supernatural dictation of the Holy Ghost. It is Rome alone which speaks ex cathedra' and its slightest word when thus spoken is prompted by the Spirit of God. The awful werds of the omni potent Son of God, which declare the divine com Mission with which St. Peter was invested, contain ing both blessing and maledictions, might it would be thought, have some influence upon mankind. They might bear in mind that the same Divine Authority which has infallibly promised that the 'Gates of Hell shall never prevail against the Church,1' viz., Peter's Church, at the same time gave to the Prince of the ApustleB '? the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven,' authoritatively an' ouncing that,' whatsoever he (Peter) should bind on earth ihould be bound also in heaven and that whatsoever he (Peter) should loose on earth should be loosed also in heaven.' But no, they care for nooe oi these things, as be for; the deluge mankind listened not to the warning voice, unlifted to chick their headlong course to destruction, so at the preaent day do they act in the same manner, and they will continue so to act, uutil the divine vengeance true to the promise bestowed on Peter, seizes them and hurls them from the sismmit of earthly power and grandeur to the depths of eternal night and the lowermost abyss of Hell. So it has ever been with the enemies and persecutors of the Holy ' See, as well in times gone by, as in the present cen tury, so it will be to the end ; in every case the most signal vengeance awaits all those who dare with wanton malice and satanic hatred, lift up their hands against it. As within the space of one letter; it is impossible to do more than glanre at the Ency clical Letter, it ie intended, with your permission, Mr. Editor, to return to the subject, on a future ocension, and to draw attention, to some of the chief and most important principles Jlaid down in that letter. SIGMA. Sydney, June 20th, 1865. : 