! BOUNDARIES OF illtfliVG CLAIMS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-Great tangible evils sometimes spring out of mere trifles and through your columns, I wish to draw the attention of the Mining department to what is here a great practical obstacle to the beneficial action of the exist- ing mining laws. In the Crooked River district, nearly 100 leases of auriferous land have been applied for, all or nearly all of which ask each an area of twenty-five acres. A prospector, or intend- ing lessee, or miner in search of a claim, would naturally conclude that some provision had been made by which land so occupied might be readily distinguished from that open to the public. Such, however, is not the case. The regulations require that applicants for leases shall erect posts, with boards attached, at each angle of their ground ; but they are silent upon the practical point, that accurately directed V trenches should also be made at these angles, to guide the public in determining the direction of the boundaries of the areas applied for. As a fact, the searcher finds that the bush is arrayed In quincunx with pegs or posts, through which he rambles as in a maze. The boards being often absent, he is unable to distinguish between a lease and a prospecting claim, and in either case has no clue whatever as to the direction of the boundary lines. I am, Sir, an old colonist of twenty-four years' standing, and may, therefore, be supposed to be a tolerable bushman, but confess I have been fairly beaten in attempting to unravel these linear mysteries. It might be supposed at a later' stage, when the mining surveyor is directed to survey these leases, that greater facilities for ascertaining or avoiding lands for which leases have been applied would be afforded to the public. That officer, however, does not remove the posts of the applicants, which, of course, are only approximately true to each other as to distance, and he does, in addition, insert certain others of his own, also without marking trees or leaving any other clue by which one may be found from another. He neither cU»ri nor marks the boundaries, so that the thin sticks, standing like ghosts in the primeval forest, are only multiplied, and, if possible, the confusion made " worse confounded." It may be very well for the mining surveyor and the lessees to be satisfied, when theRe boundaries are accurately defined upon a neatly executed paper plan, but the public necessity requires that they should also be as accurately defined upon the surface of the ground. There should be no hindrance thrown in the way of any person desirous of finding whether he is intruding on a lease or not. The remedy, I take it, is a very simple one. The mining surveyor should be directed in all cases to rub the side lines with the chain, to clear the track of scrub and other obstacles, and to mark adjacent trees, so that the course of the chain may be readily followed. At each angle of the lease an ordinary survey-peg should be inserted in the ground, the nearest tree to which should be clearly marked, and should have legibly cut upon it the number of the lease, as recorded in the warden's office. I am speaking now of this district only. On the older gold-field?, long denuded of timber, Each provisions may not be required ; but here, where off the beaten tracks you can scarcely see twenty yards before you, they are absolutely necessary for the public interests, if the labouring population. and others are to be encouraged in their endeavours to develop the wealth of a new but very thriving gold-field. I am not aware whether this matter has ever been formally brought under the notice of the Government, but I can testify that the imperfect method which now obtains of marking leases of auriferous lands has been a general cause of complaint among the mining population here during the past six months. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, DYSON APLIN. Grant, Crooked River District, June 25. It is said in England that the celebrated yacht Phryne has been sold to go to Assay nalia. 