? PUNCH, conscious of having done his duty, was sitting in his sanctum sanctorum, enjoying a well-earned evening's repose, after a laborious day's labour, in company with his dog TOBY, an approving conscience, and a glass of something hot, which ever and anon sent forth a grateful odour, which was a sweetsmelling savour in the nostrils of the great man. Watching the clouds of smoke which ascended from his richly-mounted meerschaum (a gift from the EMPEROR OF TIMBUCTOO on his attaining his majority), he thought of the vast services he had rendered to this community, and of the debts of gratitude and sixpences which were richly his due, but which in too many instances were meanly withheld. But what matter? Despite every let and hindrance, and the blackest ingratitude, he will continue to guide, instruct* and reprove the community, though sixpences grow scarce and subscriptions be only paid when three years overdue. Just as this immense philanthropist had arrived at this noble and self-denying determination, his reverie was rudely disturbed by TOBY, who had hitherto been lying apparently asleep on the hearthrug. " What do you think, Sir, about these rumours of war in Europe ?" inquired the canine philosopher, wagging his tail in a respectful manner. (By-the-bye, Mr, PUNCH would like to know why this celebrated dog has never been asked to honour our University by accepting an honorary degree at their hands. HER MAJESTY, with a perception of what was befitting, long ago bestowed on him a Collar and Order for the Bath.) Having reproved the young dog for thus rudely breaking in on his meditations with a dignity of manner peculiarly his own, Mr. PUNCH condescended to reply:— ( ( We think, TOBY—if your canine mind can grasp our mighty ideas—that war is the pastime of fools, when not waged in the cause of truth, right, and justice. For long years, our august father and our most noble selves have been trying to teach people the folly of cutting each other's throats; that the sensation of being blown into minute fragments -was neither pleasant nor satisfactory, but likely to give their friends an amount of labour in collecting tlie splinters which would never have fallen to their lot had they not been so foolish as to put themselves in the way of being so shattered; that being spitted like a cock sparrow on a bayonet is decidedly objectionable; but, like children, it appears that they will not rely on our word, but insist on buying their own bitter experience. We have always taught "the whole duty of man," namely, that he should be kind, gentle, and honourable to all, and read Punch regularly, and punctually pay for if' Mr. PCJNCH paused, and, gently titillating the tip of his fine Roman nose with his pipe, drained a glass of the hot and aromatic fluid which stood at his elbow, in a serene and apparently unconscious manner. " And yet, TOBY," he recommenced after a short interval, " our family have ever been great warriors, more renowned than any others of ancient or modern times. We have fought with every imaginable foe, and can count our victims by hetacombs. Vice, meanness, and truckling snobbishness, although they may and do exist, dare no longer openly show themselves, or if they do they quickly feel the weight of our conquering and unconquered arm, an arm which " At this moment, when a peroration of great power, beauty, and chaste eloquence might confidently have been expected, Mr. PUNCH was interrupted by the announcement that a stranger of woe-begone appearance desired to see him at once and would take ,no denial. TOBY, deprived of the treat he knew was coming (for he had heard the same thing a hundred times before), growled out his disapproval, for which breach of decorum Mr. PUNCH directed him, in a severe manner, to retire into a corner, tie his tail in a knot, and stand on his head for an hour, a punishment to which this extraordinary dog exhibits a signal aversion. Mr. P., sighing to think that there is no rest for a distinguished character, directed that the unfortunate should be introduced into his august presence. The helpless creature came in shivering and sighing, and looking very much as " The Ancient Mariner" would have appeared if his voyage had been considerably prolonged. " My good friend," said Mr. P., any appearance of irritation at being disturbed disappearing from his benign and majestic countenance, " you seem cold and low-spirited, take a glass of generous fluid to warm the cockles of your heart" ("whatever those articles may be," continued the great man sotto voce, for he loves a joke). The spectre shook his head in an imbecile and melancholy manner, and intimated that he had drunk hogsheads of it in his time, but it did him no good—in fact, the last one did him harm rather than otherwise, as it was British brandy. Mr. P. meditated attentively for a minute, but his profound sagacity quickly enabled him to see that the effect of that peculiar spirit could not be otherwise than prejudicial. He therefore hinted at Colonial wine, but at the mention of that beyerage the poor wretch groaned so piteously and rubbed his stom—- we beg pardon, the lower part of his chest, so vigorously that he forebore to dwell longer on this topic. "Surely it must be some internal complaint, my friend, that afflicts you there; why then not apply to a doctor for advice?' 5 " Who can minister to a mind diseased ?" replied the thin ghost. Mr. PUNCH could only admit that the remark was pertinent, but after a moment's thought he came to the conclusion that he had heard something similar before. " I'm the unfortunate victim of mopishness, moaning, melancholy, and the mumps," went on this cheerful companion; 1 breakfast on groans, I dine on sighs, U and I sup on tears." "And a very light diet, too," said Mr. P. "But why, my unfortunate friend, do you come here?" " I have been told that you are the possessor of an infallible specific, which alone can meet the requirements of my distressing case." " Oh! that's the little game is it ?" quoth Mr. P., pausing to kick TOBY, who had fallen off his head, while at the same time a smile of a forty-horse philanthropic. nature illumined his noble features with its benignant ray. "My afflicted friend, you have been rightly advised," and advancing to his bookcase, he reached down the last volume of his world-renowned paper. " Take this," he said, " study it attentively, having first had yourself securely hooped by a skilful cooper, and you will need your clothes enlarged in a week." The spectre glanced at the volume, a faint smile came over his wan features, and he commenced to swell. To the lean and the hungry, the stout and the well-filled, the poor and the rich, the sad and the gay, to those that laugh and those that weep, in the firm assurance that they will find in it something suited to every case, Mr. PUNCH now presents 