FRIDAY, FEBRUA3RY D8n, 1805. Tlim battle of ]Reform in the constitution of the Legislative Council has, after a gallant struggle, resulted in the defeat of the re formers. Not an ignominious defeat, how ever; for the numbers were equal on both sides--14 for the nceasure and 14 against it,' while the President-to his honour be it re corded-brought up the total number of the advocates of reform to 15. This number, although it was a majority of thie .members present, did not constitute an absolute ma. jority of thb House, and unfirtitnately the measureo was rejected. The reformers have, gained a loss, bit they have gained valuable knowledge also; for it will now be knowin that they count one-half of the nmembers of the Legislative Council on their 'side. One more effort on the part" of the electors of the Provinces, and the long needed refolmri will become a f ilt accompli. The ]lst elections showed the obstructionists what the opinioln of their constituents was upon the subject, although soine hion. members had the audacity to deny that t!he elections hinged upon the question of reforl n at all. Mr.,..1itLL tells the House that lin had not'heard= of the electors taking any steps to support such a measure as that under discussion ; and refers to his own dlecttiaeits proof of his statement, lie havilg matnaged to pull through, although opposed to any alteration in the constitution of the .ppleor Chanmbei,. .That astutelawyer, Mri. Frirows, sneered at the. verdict pro nounced' by the provincial constituoncies, and could not understand why thie bill was hir tight forward.` Mr. Cola raun a-muck at everything. ;According to him, the 'bill was not called for-the HIouso should stand out for its rights and, privileges- Ministers did not understand their duty-the Coostitutiou ought not to be too lightly altered--and if the Council passed lthe bill they must pass every ineasuro sentt up by the Assembly. Mr. STI?AO.AN trembled for his seat when next he should have occasion to seek the suffrages of his constituents, but he thanked Heaven they had an Upper House, and expressed his intention to oppose aniy measure of reform, The rhyme batndied about England during the Corn-law agitation would thoroughly ex. press Mr. STauentsL's sentiments:-" "Let laws and learning, wealth and commerce die, But leave us still our old nobility.'l Mr. SIAD?rN admitted that puiblic ?h nion was a very vahuablo thing, but advised the [louse to ignore it in this particular instance, mand culled it by another name for the nonco, that hon. members should not convict him of inconsistutncy. " Popular clanniour," as reirosented by those fortunate holders of a? l(housand lpounud qualilication may be taken as a fair expression of conservativet public opinion, eveh under the excitement of an election. But Mf. STIADEX' advice was, to take no notice of .outsidi: opinions, beciuse such concessions would divest the House of its privileges :nd l'rttes~apqd nmake it " the mere ghost of th thA sombly." Mr. CAeP. Fr,LL ignores the significant rejection of 3Mesirs., PoweI,R IToPE, RIonnaasos, and PINSocc, and denies that there had been any publio expression of opinion at all on the matter. In fact, the non-contents made but a sorry show in the debate, yet they were in sufficient numbers to securo the defeat of the measuro;, which had for its object the carrying out of a very moderatoe degree of reform. Solf-intcresb outweighed every con sideration of-'righli'nad justice with those old men, who iib'ye.-goneo times have been ac customed to lprud it right royally over the fertile lands of this colony, and who, even in their dotage,;will not relinquish their unjust monopoly of the soil until "'topular clamour" has wrested it from their gfasp. We and they klnow that this long wished for era is not far distant. The electors of the Provinces are alive to the urgency- of the case; and at the next election, as at the last, these solf-seekiiig obstructives, who have so long abused the trust confided to their keep ing, and prostitutad their high functions to further their c own nefarious ends, will be quietly pit; asl.e:to .mnako, rooQin,for.p more enlightened antihonester men. * .. .; ".? r,.<t '.,, . t. ,T:. .. " 