LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. vVednesdav. Feb. 22nd. Mr Higinbotham gave notice of his intention5 to move ou Thursday for leave to introduce a biil to amend the Licensed A bbatoira Act. . j In reply to Mr Snodgrass, Mr Grant stated that the atteotiou of the Lands Department had been drawn to the extensive occupation of Crown Lands by persons who were not engaged in mining, but who had taken out miners' rights and business li censes under the Gold-fields Act solely , with the ob ject of securing portions of land, and a valuation for improvements whenever the land might be offered for sale. Plans of the districts thus improperly entered upon had been furnished to the police, with instructions to warn persons that the possession of such licences would not be regarded by the depart ment as entitling them to hold the land or to any valuations for improvements. The bills for consolidating the laws relating to couuty courts, fences, hospitals, coroners' juries, .patents, public moneys and audit, crown remedies aud liability, public health, friendly societies, com mon law proceedure, equity practice, bakers and millers, religious trusts, seamen, insolvency, and passengers, harbours, and navigation, were severally, passed through committee. A discussion took place on a provision in the Coroners Law Consolidation Bill fixing the number of a coroner's jury at not less than seven, and al lowing the verdict of a majority to be accepted. Mr Casey and other members objected to the pro vision, which was ultimately withdrawn. On tha Insolvency Law Consolidation Bill, Mr Higiubotham stated (in reply to Mr Kerferd) that the Insolvency Law Amendment Bill was nearly settled, and would be introduced as soon as more urgeut business had been disposed of. Mr Macgregor submitted that the . Consolidation Bill should be postponed until the Amendment Bill was before the House. Mr Higinbotham objected to such a course on the ground that the Amendment Bill might not be accepted by Parliament! On the motion of Mr Halfey, it was agreed that the house should, on Friday, resolve itself into com-" inittee to consider the report of the select committee ' The Quartz Reefs Drainage Law Amendment But underwent iurther imcni. — m wiu-r. - The House adjourned at twenty-five minutes to - eleven o'clock. A Real Ghost Story. — We commend the following to the notice, of some ot the many publishers of readings for Christmas. The sim ple facts : transpired in a parishoin Roxburgh- shire this present month about midmg.it, be tween a Saturday and Sunday. It was moon light, but cloudy, hence the night was some times clear and at other times nearly pitch dark. — in fact, it was such a night as witches, war-, locks, and "ghosts used to delight in, and it seemed to our informant that one of these super natural visitants actually made its appearance in the said parish at the time abovementioned, and the place was the churchyard. But to begin at the begianiug of the story, as it was narrated to us by a respectable, person who lived in a cottage hard by the scene, aud who with his wife and family also got a fright. They had just retired to rest for the night. There was no light in tlie room but the flickering light of the dying em bers of the fire m the grate, when suddenly the door opened, and an elderly woman rushed into the- room. She was almost -out of breath, and sat down exhausted on the nearest seat. She nearly fainted away. The guid folks of the. house recollected that they had forgotten to lock the door, and thought it must be some human being in a great distress who had run into their house for protection. They gave her a drink to revive her, aid when she came round a little, iu answer to the question what ailed her, she mut tered out, amid long-drawn sighs, that " she thought the time had gaen by for ghosts, but she had seen ane the nicht."' In this way she proceeded to tell how she had gone to pay a Visit to lier dear departed husband's grave, for there was naebody like her John. He was - aye dear to her, and now that be was away there was nane to fill his place, and she never felt happy unless when she was beside him. Aye, his very dust was dear to her, and she could spend whole nights beside him, yet, though he had been buried now for months. She said she had often before gone and stood beside his tombstone for hours, and no one had. fashed her till that night, when she had got sic a gliff that she thought she would not get over it. " Oh, me !" said she, " that awfu' -looking man. It wasna my John. Fia, na, my John had nae ngly-lookiog, black face like yon; and then the awfu' man. never spoke a word, but made sic unearthly sounds, and pointed wi' his bauds, whiles up aud whiles down, that I didna ken whether he was frae aboon or below, and he made a' sorts of queer mancevres. He put his hands up to his head, and looked for a ' the world like the black falla wi' his horns. It wasna my John, I aui sure, for he wadna hae glift'ed me that way, and then he would have spoken to me that I could ha kmned what he said, but that awfu man, wi a his screeching, and boobooiog, and shaking o his head and hands didna speak in our tongue. Oh, that awfu' man, his black heavy face is hunting me yet, and where he came from I dinna keu aither, I'm sure. He did na came ia at the gate nor ower the wa' ; he jusG started up before me out o' John s grave, hue he wasna ma John. I dinna ken how I got away from that awfu'-Jike apparitiou, or how 1 came here. Where am I ?" So when she had finished her story it was plain she had had a severe shock to her nerves. The family into whose house she came, when they got a light, knew her to be a respectable woman, and when she was more com posed the goodman kindly volunteered to accom pany her home. On the way they were met by the decent woman's son, who had been seaiohing : every where for his mother, and, knowing that she I frequently visited the churchyard, thought that she ; mi" ht possibly, late as it was, have gone there, lor : she had beeu rather deeply affected by the loss ot ! pel. husband, so much so that there was no cou- I Soliug her, - and there wa3 no keeping her away I from"the grave when she could get away. It seems however, that she had got such a fright by that visit that she would not soon seek back to the haunted churchyard. We can only guess at a solu tion of the mysterious apparition. A deaf and 1 dumb' man, with bushy black beard and moustache, lodges in a dwelling overlooking the /burying- crrouud. He may have seen the disconsolate woman there, and out of. pity for her had gone to advise her to go home ; but Iris strange appearance, want of speech, and the signs made with his hands pay tn f-.hfl woman s terror, her heated ima- gination doing the rest. - GaMonianMercwy . It ia reported that the Frmcess Mary or Cam bridge is to be united to a member of- the house of Saxe- Weimar,— Court Journal. , /- T 'ZATLAN-.F-rdm an - American paper -We t ake the Lolloping,' which is an- extract from the letr of & man. residing at Mazatlan "to a friend m.ban Francisco : — " The mining interest of the' country is perhaps good enough, though ncit for me, so I know nothing of it. But of the . soil, wherein consists. the. wealth of all countries, I eau speak. It is here, by the league square, yes, hundreds of miles of it, as good as you ever saw, and can be had, some of it, for less than asking ; for there is an abundance of public land that you can squat -on and possess, without even taxes, for ten years. If you want to buy it by the league it will cost you but 500dol or GOOdols, and it will produce cotton, sugar, corn, coffee, vegetables, wheat, oats, or barley. The backache labor you must either put on 3rourself or have money enough to get it done. It costs about lOdol an acre to clear and fence the land. Indian labor costs about 50c per day ; white la bor, from 25dol to 40dol per month. Good land- will yield from 10 to 15 hundred pounds of seed cotton, or from 40 to 50 bushels of corn to the acre.. You can mine or farm to your heart's content, or you can trade here. Or if you have a little capitaL.you can loan it out from 2 to 3 per cent, on good security, and set down here and. live ou it. You can rent a house good enough for you for 12dol or 16dol per month ; or, bet ter still, buy and build one on a big lot, and win the rise in value of the property. Then you cau nave your cow, horse, and hens; and live very comfortably and reasonably cheap, 'If' you want' to send your children to school, you cau send them to either Spanish or English, as there-are both here. The tuition in the Spanish schools is free in some ; in others it costs from 2dol to 5dol per month. In the' English' school the tuition is 5dol per month. We. send Etta to a Mexican school, and the child is getting along Well. She. likes to go;- costs 2dol per month. The manner of security is preferable to any plape I have seen. Any property, if mort gaged, if not redeemed at . the maturity of the obligation, is forfeited absolutely without any litigation.. No foreclosures of mortgages or technical foolishness." If the contract is' not complied with, your property is gone like Wards ducks. The interest is what you agree to pay. You can have all the servants you want at from 3dol to 5doi per month for women. We thought tbem almost worthless for a while, buL begin to think better of them now. If vnn think well to come, settle all your business, pack up your bedclothes, trunks, and money, and come along. Don't put anything on .the ship's manifest. Ship them as personal baggage. Gr?.cy says bring a cooking-stove. I would never again bring anything but what clothes- 1 happened to have on hand, and that would not be much. The country furnishes such things as is needful to it." The Iron Duke.-— Mr Rogers reports- the following anecdote as related by the Duke of Wellington " There was a spy iu the habit -"of going from camp. to camp. We called him Don Uran de la Rosa ; and he dined with us and the French alternately. He was for ever talking, as Frenchmen are, and always at my elbow. He had just left the French, and he said to me when I was reconnoitring, 'Do you wish to see Mar shall Soult ?' ' Certainly.' ' There he is, then.' I looked through my glass, and saw him dis- tinctly — so distinctly as to know him instantly when I met him afterwards in Paris, as I did several times, though never to exchange ten words with him. He was sitting on his horse, and writing a dispatch on his hat, while an aide- de-camp waited by him ; to whom, when he had done, lie _ delivered it, pointing with much ear- nestness in one direction- again and again. ' I see enough,' I replied, and gave the glass to another, saying to him, ' Observe which way rected, and I knew at bnJJj'usri'lmmkiui" wucl-e the attack was to be made. .' That is my weak est point,' saiu I to myself ; and I prepared ac cordingly." Sir Robert Peel made a speech at the meeting of the Royal Dublin Society on Monday, evening on the drainage of the land in Ireland." He pointed out the great necessity which existed for better drainage, and declared that the owners of the soil could not afford to do what was re quired. He therefore suggested that strong ef forts should be made to induce the Imperial Government to advance money on loan for this purpose. He promised any such movement his strong support. A very curious mode of trying the title to land is practised in Hiudostan, and is worthy of the at tention of those who desire to modify our law, aud simplify it. Two holes are dug in the dis puted spot, in each of which the lawyers on either side putone of their legs, and there remain until one of them is tired, or complains of being stung by insects, in which case his client is de feated. - - - : 