BALMAIN INDEPENDENT CHURCH. TrtE anniversary of this church and congregation was cele brated by a tea and public meeting, held on Thursday in the Oddfellows' Hal), Darling-street. ' The Rev. J. G. Eraser, the pastor of the church, presided over the public meeting. A hymn having been sung, the Rev. J. FcazBK, of Wollahra, offered prayer. The Chairman said that his first duty was to give a hearty welcome in the name of the Church, and for himself, to thote who had on this occasion favoured us with their pretence, ana witn tneir Christian sympathy ana regard. In giving them this welcome, he was sure that he and the Church he represented were willing to love all who loved the Lord Jetus Christ in sincerity. He now called upon the secret ai J of the church to read to the meeting a short report. Mr. J. MiLLENh then read a statement of the Church's progress during Ihe last twelve months. From this docu ment it appeared that in the course of the past month the Rev. J. G. Fraser had accepted the pastoral oversight of the Church, which at present numbered thirty-seven members. There were 110 children attending the Sunday school held in connection with the Church, and they -were taught by eleven teachers. The school library was well appreciated, and it was intended to shortly increase the number of books. Since September of last year the debt on the church had been lessened by £797, and it was expected that by the close of the month it would be reduced to a little over £500. The ordinary revenue, however, had fallen short of current expenditure. The total amount raised for all purposes was £1306 15s. lid. The Ch .human said he had te make some remarks about himself. It was painful to have to speak about oneself, though it sometimes bad to be done, and now, connected as he was with the Chureh, he scarcely liked to say so much about it as he otherwise might feel at liberty to do. He regarded the union between Church and pastor as of so intimate a character, that lor a minister to praise his Church was about the same thingas if he were to praise himself. In looking back upon the past year, there was, as would ever be the case in reviewing the past, something to regret. He looked back upon the first year of his ministerial work — ujwn. bis own purposes ntt fully carried out— upon much imper fection in what he had wilt earnestness attempted to do, and now he desired to remember the way by which God had Jed us all to humble us. There was, however, very much cause for thankfulness and congratulation. There was cause for thankfulness in the very existence of the Christian Church ; and they would recollect that almost as regularly as occurred the salutations of Paul in his Epistles, did that Apostle give thanks to God on every remembrance of the Churches te whom he wrote. Though there was much that was imperfect and 1 blameworthy, yet the very fact of the existence of the Christian Church was a matter of thanksgiving towards God, and it would ill become us now not to acknowledge it with gratitude. The debt on the building, if not altogether removed, had been much lessened, and would shortly, we hoped, be reduced to a little over £-500 ; hut, taking courage ' from what had already been done, we hoped that this sum would not be long in our way. Keferring to the system of ' ' weekly ofierings,' the Chairman said he made no loud ' appeal to them, but had the fullest confidence that if they would but only weiph the matter in their own minds they would at once fee the reason for the request that he made, and if each would determino to lay by in store as the Lord prospered him there would be no want in the ineaus at our disposal. This was the first opportunity that he had had of epeaking to the Church and congregation on the Eubjcct of the duties that he had undertaken in connection with Caniden College. His ministerial brethren would bear him witness that the first year of a minister's workwss not a light one, and the demand must be very pressing to induce any one to accede toitwho'&lready; had work enough to undertake without so much labour in addition. When became to the colony he lbund the college movement going on, and was desired to take a part in it. He at first hesitated to take upon himself duties to which so much responsibility attached, but after prayerful consideration, he bad determined to place his services- at the disposal of the institution. Altogether the strain had been heavy upon him, sometimes as much as brain and nerve could well bear. He did not say this by way of gmmbling, for that was an unchristian spirit wher ever it occurred, and no one had' a right to take a work upon himscU and then complain; but he mentioned it for the purpose of aaJpng them to bear with some things which perhaps nifg-ln- liave been imperfect in him. He preferred now rather to eet before them some of the great truths by which every Church ought to be actuated hi ite relation to its minister. He had during the first year of his ministry among, them endeaveured to set before them the great truths of the Gospel — that there was One in htavea who loved and pitied men;— hating sin with, par feet hatred, and yet sending bis Son to save those who were sinful. He had preached of the Holy Ghost, without whose influence no soul was quickened into everlasting life, and be had exhorted all that with steadfastness of heart they should cleave unto the Lord. He could not promise that for tne time to come the great themes about which he had to speak would vary much from these; and he trusted that the efforts we might make would be successful. He. looked forward with hope and with confidence in God much greater than when he began bis labours among them. He could see some difficulties which had been overcome, and he believed that if they steadfastly persevered in tha work of Goi success would crown tneir efforts, and wo (should prove tint our labour was not in vain. Having such hope and encouragement as thi-, he eouldjnow look forward to the future without much concern, for with peace within and no . distraction without the Church might be made highly useful in the hands of God for training those within it to a huly Christian life, and in.exerting a beneficial influence on tioae who were without.. He acknowledged with great gratitude Ihe alm«st uninterrupted peace and harmony which had ruled in the Church ever since he came among, its members. No one who considered how very dis agreeable a man might become if his little passions were . stirred up within him— how easily jealousy and envy were excited and vanity mortified — there was no one who looked within himself and considered these things. but would find great reason for *v.ftT»Vfi^Tipr$L that nothing had., occurred to bring forth into fruit thct root of bitterness, which too often lays within. He had known the working. of several Churches, but he was tiankful to say that nothing could exceed the peace and hamony which had pffl vailodhcre. lie hoped that it would ccitinue, ana he saw no. reascn that it should not. But we must look up to the Great Head of the Church, without whom no good would be accompliBhed;. and in our greet race we should re member that when once we loci sight of the goal to which we were pressing vigour weald cease aad Btrengih, would decay.. We must keep our. eye firraly fixed on, the prize of our high calUsg in Christ Jesus. Our organisation might be as perfect as we likedito make, it, but unless therebethe living waters to refresh the city of our Lord, our Zion would become a desolation and a byword among the people. Though much of their forme* beauty sn&magni-; icence still remained to some of the stately cities of the East, yet theie all was lifeless, dead, and eilnnt. And so it might be wutour Churehes— there might staibethe out ward form and shape which testifies to what had been; bat, if tho living waters no longer flowed, all would be silence and desolation. He trusted that we should always be aaunatcd by a consideration of tie objects which 'lie before the Christian Church on eatflx. It was Gad's will that Bib Church should become a praise, a glory., and a rejoicing among men. Difficult as was the work, it was ne-verthdeej the one -eork which, amid all other* that ware carried on, would stand throughout. The world was passing away, and so to as men's purposes were bound np. with this world, thoy would perish ; but he who helped to lay one single stone in the city of God was building on an everlasting foondatibn, and his wotk should, new be .destroyed. The Rev, S. C. Kent expressed the pleasure h» felt in being present, and most heartily congratulated the Church on Ihe union which had been formed between their pastor \ and thfmfelves. Good taste forbade '.him from fully ex pressing hl» eentiraonta with regard to too ob&lnMa; cm (be present occasion, but he could not retrain from egyin (hat (heir minister was one whom we all respected |as a gentleman, (rusted as a scholar, and loved m a brother. He trusted that the connection between pastor and people would be productive of satisfactory and eminently useful results. lie might be permitted to recommend them to guard (heir minister's reputation, and to be mindful that (hey should not waste hit time. Let them also seek in private as well as on all occasions by prayer and earnest effort that the Divine blessing might rest upoa his labouie. The Rev. John Graham felt unfeigned pleasure in being present to-night, and was glad to find that this was sot merely an anniversary meeting but a recognition service. Ho rejoiced that they had got a eolid and an earnest minister of the Lord Jesus Christ— one who was likely «o be a blessing to this suburb, to this city, and he trusted to the colony at Urge. It was a high privilege, but it was equally a high responsibility that they spontaneously, deliberately, and prayerfully, exercised in calling a minister to break among them the bread of life. One great object of the ministry was (he perfecting of the saints, perfecting them in doctrine, in experience, and in holy living. He trusted that they would co-operate with their pastor in the work which be had come among them to do. How might they help our brother in that good work? In the first place, they were bound to allow him to have tho unimpeded am undivided exercise of all his faculties in the work of the Lord, and they should see that he be not perplexed by financial cares. He would say to them, in the next place, th*l they should give their minister time to attend to the most ministerial parts of his work, to study the oracles of God, and to bring out treasures both new and old. Let them not call upon him to be present at every public tea-meeting, at every ladies' working meeting, at every committee meeting which might be held for churou rifCnrpllftn^ fnr fin nti rial rmrnnami nr urhafotrat- if minhf Kn ? but let him have time to visit the distressed and the dying, and to administer consolation to the bereaved. He would find it his duty and his joy to visit among his people, though these visits would not be merely compli mentary but pastoral. They might greatly help their minister by hewing one another — by exhorting one antther and looking diligently lest any man fail in the work of God —not in ceBsorioueness and bitterness, but as brethren in Christ, assisting each other to walk in the way to heaven. They should have a care for the young, for the feeble, and for those whom (heir pastor could not see. Let them be regular and punctual in their attendance at the House of God, and let them help their minister by prayerful sym pathy and by then- spirituality of life, for pastor and people mutually influenced each other in all their important rela tionships. He was especially asiious that they should pray for their minister, and he h*d profound conviction troin knowledge and personal experience that God heareth and anEwereth earnest and believing prayer. They had had additions to the church during the vear : he reinimd «*- ceedingly in it, and desired that during the coming year they might be still more successful. He trusted that his brother would have a long and successful pastorate in the Congregational Church in Balmain. The Rev. T. Johnson wished to add his congratulation to the Church in regard to Mr. Frazer, who he said waa greatly beloved by his brethren in the ministry, and was worthy of their highest eeteem. He most fervently prayed that thicr minister would be ever happy and useful in their midst, and that the blessings of God might rest upon them. The Eev. W. Elatvek said that he knew well the troubles and vicissitudes through which the Church had passed, and he was rejoiced to feel that they had now come into such a position as bade fair for great prosperity in the future. He trusted that the Church would co-operate with him in every good word and work, and that they would blend their energies to enterprises of usefulness. He prayed that the blessing of God would most abund antly rest upon pastor and people, and would crown their union by the most benign influence. The Eev. E. Mansfield next addressed the meeting. He expressed sentiments of kindness and svmpathy towards the pastor and the Church. The Bev. Mr. Bbowk was anxious to bear his mite of testimony to the talent and great worth of their pastor, and he doubted not that if his labours were fitly seconded by the congregation, the most blessed and gratifying results would follow. The Cuaebman having made a few appropriate remarks, the Eev. G. Howdek offered prayer, and the proceedings were then closed with the doxology shortly before 10 o'clock. ___^__^_____^_ 