C-HE STRANGE STORY OF THE MAKQUISE DE DOUHAULT. (From the CornMU Magazine*) ' {Concluded.) AttbeSalpetrieresbe gradually regained the sad possession of her faculties. Her reason returned clear and bright, causing her to feel her situation the most acutely. She expressed her astonishment, protested, told them who she was; rpha* rtnlied that she was mistaken; that her name was Anne Buirette. After seventeen months of herrible seclusion, during which time all her letters were intercepted,^ she succeeded in acquainting a powerful friend, Madame de Polignac, with the infamous sequestration prac tised on her; adding that the Minister who had granted such an arbitrary order must have been deceived into yielding it. [Those were still the days of lettres-de-cachet.] Madame de Polignac got the order revoked; and on the 13th of July, 17S9, a Cbevalier de Saint-Louis came to the prison and announced to Madame de Douhaulf that she was free. He accompanied her te the fcottom of the Jardin des Piantes, and left her there to shift for herself. The captive of the Salpetriere found herself alone in Paris, ignorant of passing events, on the eve of a terrible revolution, when the people were precluding the capture of the Bastille by burning the Bar rleros, Meanwhile, at Orleans, Madame de Douhault was said to have died of a disease which the dectors qualified as ?* lethargic.' Seals were put on her effects and papers, and on her furniture at Chazelet: Her funeral was proceeded with, and a certificate of burial drawn up. On the 25th of January they obtained from Madame de Champignelles, the mother, who was bewailing the loss of a beloved daughter, an authorisation to remove the seals. M. de Champignelles pro \ ceeded with Madame de Douhaulf 's other heirs, to divide the inheritance left by his sister. ? See had not the slightest suspicion that her bro ? ther had been thecauseef her detention. Shewaa | not aware that she was legally dead and her first i thought waB to fly to him. He would not recog nise her, refused any explanation, and had her turned out of the bouse as a mad woman, as an 1 adventuress. Comprehending nothing about a reception, she betook herself to an uncle, a com andant. He received her coldly. Like M. de Champignelles, be did not know her ; but never theless, he asked her to dinner. With tears in her eyes she refused, exclaiming, 'I shall find 8 refuge with my mother !' ' Your mother !' teplted the commmandant, 'Your mother is dead. In her desolatian, she hastened to Madame de PoVignae, then at Versailles. There she wa8 re \ cognized by numerous persons of the highest dis l tinction, amongst others by th8 unfortunate } Princess de Lambelle. The whole Court were I unanimous in believing that the person rescued I from the Salpetriere Was no other than. Adelaide ; , de Champignelles. . t Madame de Douhault did not wish to be in too : great a hurry to raise a judicial scandal involving I the honour of two families. All her friends and I ptotectors advised her to confide in the goodness i and justice of the King. But very soon the King; himself was powerless, the Court dispersed. In ; Pebrurary, 1790, she resolved to bring a civil action. Through the treachery of those whom ! she trusted as her advocates, she was sent for a month to the prison of La Force. There she chimed the assistance of Bailly, who was then Mayor of Paris. Bailly knew her, and wished w aid her; but he found that b« had to reckon with people from whose violence he was. unable sventu'ally to rescue his own head. On leaving La Force, she learned by accident that the com mandant had deceived her, and that her mother was still alive, although broken down by age and lonw. One touching and final interview only ' was alloted to them for the interchange of the mutual confidences. M. da Champignelles was in(r med of the meeting. He closed bis mother's dooi'ii against his sister. A few days afterwards I Madame de Champignelles really diedj and r Madame de Douhalt fell seriously jll. Such are I - the facts on which the lady grounded, her protest \ against the Register of Death drawn up at Or i leans. ' M. de Campignelles at first attempted a sum» , taary leply to those accusations. In a complaint : addressed to M. Delessart, the Minister of the * Interior, he treated the public inquiry and recog t Mion at Champignelles as a guilty act,— as an I attempt to obtain forcible possession of the I. bateau. The claimant, be said, fead appeared [ *k ^' gate of that residence accompanied by tnree f a^ured armed men, iu order to. compel the b Me»« : to yield it. He insisted that the muaU cipality was bound to protect his property against all aggression of the Kind. These tactics not succeeding, be was obliged to follow other forms law. In February, 1792, be was permitted to have an interrogatory put to the plaintiff, which consisted of one hundred and fourteen questions, thereby putting the lady into the position of the accused party or the prisoner Now in France, the presiding Judge, so far from being, as in England, the counsel for the prisoner is his most severe cross examiner. From the very first. Madame de Douhault— for so we are obliged to call her — could not help perceiving that a change of circumstances had taken place, that the court was against her, and that the interroga ting judge believed that he bad sufficient grounds for taxing her with falsehood. He could see in her no other than a certain Anne Buirette, who, it appeared, was imprisoned in the Salpetriere on the 3rd of January 1786. , . To the majority of these questions Madame de Douhault replied satisfactorily. They minutely tested her recollection of names, faces, costumes, and facts which could prove her identity. On most of them she was imperturbable ; no one, it aeemed, but the real marquise could give so complete an account of her past life as she did. But when they talked to her about her entrance into the Salpetriere, she became confused, and unfortunately adopted [3Sth Answer] the very date, January 3, 1786 to which was signalized as that of the incarceration of Anne Buirette, who, according to M. de Champignelles* system of defence, was in fact the real plaintiff. From that moment the judges considered themselves absolved from further investigation ; this answer decided everything. The plaintiff, imprisoned in La Salpetriere from 1786 to 1789, could not be Madame de Douhault, whom authentic documents proved to be living at Chazelet in 1786 and 1787. The judges did not take any note that the Anne Buirette in quection was twenty; eight years of age at the time of her entrance into the Salpetriere whilst at that date Madame.de Douhault was forty- five, and now evidently past fifty. They did not consider that a single incorrect answer out of one hundred and fourteen ought not to cancel all the rest. After that answer, everyone ef M. de Champignelles* assertions was unhesita tingly accepted. The plaintiff'9 counsel was gained over by the defendant to acts of treachery. Letters badly written and speU, purporting to be from her, were produced in court, which she asserted^to be forgeries. The Commissaire du Roi in bis speech denounced her as a vulgar impostor. - Madame de Douhault had blue eyes, limped slightly in her walk, had on ber right breast the scar of sword-cut, and on her left hand a well known scar from the bite of a little dog, on her right arm the scars ef surgical cautery. The plaintiff bore the very same marks ; but all ma terial proofs were in vain. The unfortunate an swer to the 38th question put an end to every thing. , In May, 1792, the tribunal of Saint Fargeau pronounced that the plaintiff had been. ' imprisoned for swindling in the Sal yetiere from the 3rd of January, 1786, until the 16th of Octo-^ ber, 1789, under the name of Anne Buirette ;' that she could not therefore be the late Madame de Douhault; that she bad no right todemandthat the Sieur de Champignelles should answer her in terrogatories, since, whatever might be the facts elicited by his answers, ' tbey could be of no con sequence to a stranger.' It was resolving the question at issue by the question itself. We cannot follow all the legal struggles. A councillor of state declared that the SiintFar geau judgement contained 'three disgusting falsehoods.' Twenty-one witnesses deposed that they had been threatened and tampered with by the defendant. All was to no purpose; at every step uprose the unlucky answer to the 38th ques tion. In this singular case, truth and equity were sacrificed to forms of law. In July, 1808, tbera appeared an admirable Consultation on the Dou hault Judgments, by M. Romain Deseze, the courageous defender of Louis XVI., in which he says that there exists neither in the form of French legislation nor in the power of any court of law, any resource by which the plaintiff eould appeal against the sentences which formerly re* fused her the name she claimed, and which pro hibited ber from assuming it. Those sentences were beyond the reach of any kind of legal attack. The case had passed through the entire series of courls ; all bad successively rejected the elaim. Consequently, it was formally decided by every tribunal which had the right to interfere, that the plaintiff was not the ; Widow de Doubault, and that she could not take that quality and title without committing a criminal usurpation. ? T Nevertheless, when they gave their decision? that the plaintiff was not the Widow de Douhault, none of the tribunals which rejected her claim wMe able to sBy who she was, to what class of society she belonged, the plase of her birth, where she. had lived, whether she was a widow, wife, or maid, what she had done during that period. Here, then, was a woman without a name, wjthout a station, without a title, without an origin ; she belonged to nobody ; she could claim no relation ; she had no position whatever in the world; she could not appear before a tribunal under any denomination ; she could not perform any act of eivil life ; she was nothing, nobody, a nonentity. Madame de Doubault, or whoever she was, had enjoyed for some years the interest of an ' inscription' in the ' Grand Livre' of France —-say, of a sum invested in Government securi ties. The proprietor of the*1 inscription' the person who had the reversion of the principal — wanted to sell that reversion , as he had a perfect right to do ; to effect which it was necessary that the Hfe-tenBnt should sign the transfer, which was impossible. How could she sign with a name which legal judgements bad forbidden her to taker And, as those judgements had not assigned to her any other name, the transfer could not be effected. The Government security — a form of property naturally transmissible and circulable — was obliged to remain unsold. What means could be employed to remedy tbis anomalous position, which is unexplained in the annals of justice? The French lawyers puzzled their brains, and came to the conclusion that they were at a dead lock, at a stand still, at the end ef a blind alley. The ill-omened date, the 3rd of J^nnary, 1786, remained like a stone fastened to a drowning man. The defendant would not allow it to drop. There was no remedy, according to due course of law. ?' In all contests,' said one legal luminary, *' there is a term where the magistrate's inquiries must Btop.' MWe can only,' said another, 'treat human affairs humanly. In questions of fact, we are obliged to judge, not according to the eternal truth of things, but according to their shadows, their figures, their appearances. If we have erred in the Doubault affair, we have erred according to 7-ule, and our error consequently does not exist in the eyes of the law.' A third authority clenched the nail with — ' One of the commonest maxims in law is, that a thine: once judged ought to p-is for the rutb, and th t a sentence has power of making while black, and black white.' And then they adduced the very natural and very innocently simple argument, ?? Who can believe that any one holding so distinguished a position as M. de Champignelles, V&c;, would ever dare, &c;, and degrade and rob his unfortunate sister, whose only crime was the wealth she pos sessed and was entitled to?' Her friends urged that, if she were not the Widow de Doubault, she must necessarily be somebody else. How was it that, in the course of so searching an inquiry, her real name was not discovered ? A life of more than fifty jears could not be passed without leaving a trace. It is the only trial in wnica an impostor nas been con demned for assaming a false name without the discovery of his real name and origin. But here, on a safe ground to act upon, namely, the impostor's veritable individuality is altogether wanting. Legal consultations could get no further than to ascertain that, although every point in the case indicated the possibility of the reversal of the sentence, the means of proceeding to that reversal wtlze not to be found in existing legislation. So late as 1809, ten eminent Pans juris consults, assembled in the conviction of the plaintiff's good faith, were unable to untie the Gordian knot. Their belief in her elaim was supported by an eleventh lawyer, who bad known her well before her troubles, and who was convinced of her iden tity by ber voice, her figure and features and her conversation. Nor was the difficulty summarily removed, as it might have been, by the interference of the Head of the State. The lady who claimed to be Madame de Doahault remained, to the end of her days, a woman without a name. A drama played on the Boulevard, La Fausse Marquise, publicly tixed her with imposture ; and when the authori ties interfered to put a stop to the scandal, tha piece prohibited in Paris was acted for a considerable time afterwards at Orleans, through the influence of the triumphant family. And when Madame de Douhault gave up the ghost, no one dart in scribe, any name upon her tombstone. r. 'Young ladies are uaed as reporters by the Phila delphia papers. If they can write as fait at they cm talk they must be efficient. i. ?-? ? ' :- . ? ? v. 