PUBLIO OPINION ON MR. MARTIN'S MANIFESTO. ( From the Empire.) The longer the public are left to reflect Upon the late extraordinary production, of Mr. Martin; the more thoroughly they must become disgusted with that puerile and degrading exhibition. Not even on the memorable day when ho shamelessly avowed himself a renegade and a political traitor before all the Assembly, did he present a more painful or Eitiful spectacle than at present. On that occasion e concluded his speech by declaring his intention for the future to associate himself with legislators who " were not unworthy of such a trust." But how are these conditions fulfilled in the ease of the miserable colleagues with whom he has associated himself P Does his broken and bankrupt Trea surer, whom no constituency in the country will acknowledge, represent the statesmanlike intellect of which he speaks so loftily ? Is his crabbed And cross-grained Oolonial Secretary a man of the right sort of temperament for his purpose P Does his Land Seoretary, his Into Secretary for Works, or his Solicitor-General present the model of what a statesman and minister ought to be P Or, to come nearer home, can Mr. Martin calmly read over the weak production whieh he published on Wednesday and then conscientiously declare bis belief that he himself comes up to the standard he has named P -If so, the opinion will ho n singular one. for we dare aver thnt not one m.in out nf a thousand will coincide with him. It is not him self alone that he has disgraced bv voluntarily making his appearance in the public pi lory. Plain James Martin might have signalized bis retirement from the public stage like a clown in a puntomine, for all that the Press or the public need havo cared ; but when the Prime Minister and Attorney-General of tho Colony — the Crowu's chief advisor, the public prosecutor, and the grand jury nf thn country in-' suits tile people and debases his office by acting tho Jack Pudding, no words can bo too strong to mark the public reprobation of such conduct. Even Tennyson's hentbeii and scmi-brutaliscd " Northern Farmer " displays more dignity than this when he calls for more ale in his last mo ments, adding gin I inun dio I mun die." Like tho faYunor, however, Mr. Martin is loth to give up the ghost in peace We have ever given Mr. Martin nil tho credit ho deserves for the energy and application hy which ho raised himself to the lofty positioiT' which he now occupies, and, we regret to ndd. dishonours ; but the pnst cannot be uttorly forgotten when he ventures to uso to wards the " groat hulk of the community" tho language of lofty condescension nnd compassionate patronage. Ho knows as well as any man, he says, their prejudices and their infirmities. A stranger niiglit suppose that some great patrician, not only illustrious in himself, but inheriting tliO' honours of a long line of noble ancestors, had con siderately stooped from his sphere to study the nature and attributes of the common herd — " the great bulk of the community;" nnd thnt, seeing and pitying their "prejudices- and infirmities," ho was yet willing to acknowledge that they were of some value to the country. Is this really so? Or aoes air. Martin suppose that he can bo mis taken for a Clinton or a Percy, turning from tho aristocratic associations of five hundred years to bestow a littie_ lordly attention upon the common people ? If his investigations had been turned in another direction— if ho had devoted a small por tion of his boasted penetration to the task of on- deavouring to see himself as others seo him, he would have discovered an nmount of "prejudice and infirmity " that must havo compelled liiin to lower his tone, and should inspiro him with feol- ings of tho deepest respect for nn l'most ardent gratitude to tho " great bulk of the community," which befrinded and protected him when those whoso manners he now apes would have spurned him from their doors, nnd which has been too lenient towards his many public offences, and the overbearing insolence of his- assumptions. I he learned Attornev-General and Premier has politely gibbotted himself by this ex traordinary effusion. Whether we are' fated or not to see a" portion of it reproduced in his Ex cellency's speech on the twenty-fuurth of this month, time will show; but nothing can deprivo the author of the honour of the production. One of his expressions, amusingly pompous ns it is, and suggestive of the strut of a full-grown turkey cock, nevertheless denotes a glimmering perception of what will be generally acknowledged ns the truth. " My views," lie _says._ have not yet taken hold upon tho publio mind in such n way as to warrant me in believing that the time is at hand for their general adoption." That's tho truth, if Lucifer himself said it. And in tho meantime, while the public mind is expanding itself sufficiently to take in and comprehend the full genius and majesty of those " viows," the wisest thing Mr. Martin can do will bo to step aside. ( From the Sydney Morning Herald ) Mr. Martin's manifesto rightly stated that the first anxiety of nny now. Government would be to put the finances straight. A complete year has olnpsed since tho community was first s'nnled by the discovery that we were overspending our income by a large amount. Habit, however, breeds indifference : and the public seems more uncon cerned now the deficit is doubled than it was about its original dimensions. . But- the reckoning must come, however we put it off. Mr. Martin rightly says, that to pay our doficit by borrowing must injure our . credit, but he might also havo remembered that it has not helped our credit to havo deliberately faced a- year's expenditure with n.n income known to Lb short bv scvorfil hundreds of thousands -of pounds. Mr. Martin admits that public opinion is at presont ndverse to a protective tariff, though he contends that this opinion is an error. Had a protective tariff, therefore, been forced under tho alleged pressure of a financial emergency, it would have been done against the general consent. The Parliament would havo done violence to the popular feeling rather than have represented it. The _ Legislative Council was certainly not to blame in interposing its influence to_ provent th_e passing of a bill out of harmony with the sentiments of a majority of the community — I1 n|b which proposed to introduco a principle that would effect a creat chance in tho commercial relations of the city, both in its mari time business nnd in its connexion with the interior. An_d_becau90 tho Council, in the exercise of its legitimate power, did reject tliis bill, that certainly afforded _ no justification to tho Government for abandoning all other attempts to rniso tho necessary revenue. It was not shut up to a protective tariff; on the contrary, if it was under restriction nt all, it should_ have been considered under obli gation to abstajn from introducing protection until tho_ public voice had been expressed in its favour. It is clear thnt we must do without protection now, nnd had tho Government tried to do without it at first,, its position before the country, and the financial position of the country before the world, would have beon very different from what they are! Wo might have been, if not freo from' deficit, at least free, from embarrassment on abcount of it. Mr. Martin's Government might imve lmd the credit of extricating the Treasury from tho difficulties into which the extravagance of the previous Adminis tration bad plunged it. whereas now he is exposed to the taunt thnt instead of mending matters he has only made them worse. ( From the Freeman's Journal. J In considering the manifesto of the Premier we aro struok at once with the originality of the pro ceeding. We do not complain of the adoption df such a courso. but it is almost without precedent in the political life of British or Colonial Ministers. The electors to whom it is particularly addressed are, of course— we trust wo shall not offend tliern by saying so— only n very limited portion of tho body for whom this vindication is intended, It will be: circulated through evory country electorate, read, and commented upon long before Parliament assembles. Whatever can bo 6aid in favour of Mr. Martin has heen admirably said in this address. All who. after its perusal, are prepared to condemn his administration on tho opening of tho Chamber will be unable to plead want of opportunity for de liberation. This is. in all nrobabilitv. one of the objects which the writer had in view. Conscious of the peril of exposing new and untried members to the dangerous fascinations of a powerful and not highly scrupulous Opposition, the Premier thinks it may bo as- well that he should speak before his opponents. His nisi prtus experiences have taught him the value of prepossessing an audience, and tho advantage which tho plaintiff usually has in tolling his story first. Impartiality is one of the rarest of qualities, and there are few minds which remain as open to the reasonablenesss of your op ponent's statement as thoy were to yours when vou had the pnvilego of making it at the beginning. When Mr, Oowper in a fortnight proposes his amendment, his duty will probably be not to im peach but to answer; he will have to reason with gentlemen from the country, upon whose support he perhaps relied without considering that it de- pended upon conviction. If this is the consequence of the circulation of Mr. Martin's eloquent address the labour of its composition will not be in vnin, and the singularity of its publication will be for gotten in its success. As nothing can be said to be impossible in the parliamentary career hf Mr. Mar tin. ho may yet govern the country with an in complete Ministry, and for the present without a Treasurer. (From Belts t\fein Sydney.) Mr Martin's vindication of -bis Government 'and policy is a document more remarkable for its length, than either the breadth of its views, or the depth of its po'iiioai philos iphv It is really astonishing to see a man of Mr. Mar tin's InrgC ando-ullivatcd mind Clinging, with an in- fatuaiion hardly credible, to fallp.uies in which w<: con scarcely imagine lie rc-illy believes, wiilmut jiiipUgning tiie soundness of Ills reason. Yet so it is. and. assuming the sincerity of his faith in the political doetfinc he expounds. V.'b Can only inarvel that one so able should allow himself, thus easilv. to bo ledastray. None mnro constantly and earn estly advocated a thorough Und effectual purgation of tho magisterial roll i than ourselves — but, such a " measure of reform " ns Mr. Martin and his col leagues have effected I Whilst we desired the re moval of ignorance, incapacity, and corruption, we never contemplated tho ruthless sweeping from the bench of men whose integrity, 'ability, and ex perience conferred honour upon the magistracy, benout on the public, and won for them the wcll- moritcd respect and c infidence of all classes of the vl)en'od, not the degradation of individuals personally obnoxious to tiie Ministry of tho d_av — but, the elevation or the bench in the estimation of the public, in order that its authority and decisions might he. regarded with those setiti- ments of popular respect without wliich it can never become, fully and effectually, an instrument of good. It was for a reform of this nature tho country had so long asked, and so Datienti v waited : and, therefore, when Mr. Martin applied" his most questionable " remedy," and made bad infinitely worse by cutting away tho .'ound and leaving the " rotton timber." he could hardly be astonished at » j '. y " which so alarmed his " timid Administration," and to w'liich lie so feelingly and characteristically refers— giving us at the same t.me ano her proof of Ills attachment for the verb ' to powl." With a frankness that is really re freshing, Mr. Martin admits, " in the new com mission we have mado many mistakes'." They have, indeed, and it will bo one of the earliest duties of their successdrs to renlove the "rotten timber" they have left impeding tho stream of minor justice, and restoro those who havo been so Wantonly and unjustly removed from the bench— if they can be prevailed upon to resume the " honour "of which they were deprived to gratify the cravings of offi- c.al spleen. . . . . Mr Martin says, " the tariff brought down upon lis tlio teniiiity of tho mercantile community, utmost without exception," and, the hon. and learned gentlemen might havo adiied. " the loss of popular confidence, in our financial abilities " As to the enmity of the mocantile community." in what form did it develop itself? Is it because at a mo ment when the colony _wns threatened with utter ruin, tho " mercantile community almost without exception stepped bofiily forward and mterposed its influence to avert the danger, that its onorgy is stigmatised as ' enmity ?"— on what ground, wo should like to know, can tho vigorous nnd wide spread opposition that was offeredlo the retrogressive and suicidal policy of tho Govern ment be regarded _as ' enmity ?"' The word is too mean and insignificant to apply to an all but unanimous expression of populnr feeling against a great injustico, such ns tho one from which the accmr.y nnu enterprise of the " mercantile com- mumty, and the vigilance of the Press havo delivered the country. -Mr. Martin tells us, very modestly, that he only intended » to lew a small tax on certain commodities thnt might be manu factured m the colony." Tho real intentions of the Government were, however, immediately Bean through hy the great majority of the ponplo, who recognisod in the " small tax" tho foundation of a system which, if carried out ns its projectors and partizans intended, would speedily subvert tlm commercial interests of the country-de«trov its credit, and plunge the people into the very depths of poverty nnd destitution Tile covert sneer at tho newspaper press" comes with a peculiar grace from the quondam " editor" of the Atlas; but it may afford thnt "distinguished personage" some consolation to learn that tho " newspaper press" can bear the loss of " official patronage" with fur more equanimity" thnn the members of an ' emergency government" now con template their speedy expulsion from office,' an! the irreparable loss of their inucli-neoeded'shlarius. The press, strong in its own independence, regards with equal indifference the smiles or frowns of men, whose littleness of soul causes them to tremble with undisguised fear at its power, and shrink abashed before its crushing exposures of official foolery and jncapacitv As a defence of the ' say- rog and doings" of his Government, this effort of Mr. Martin's genius is a miserable failure, and only' serves to placo before tho world in a stil! stronger light the egregious errors hy which, unfortunately for tlic country, his administration has been so pre eminently distinguished. As a composition, it is far below mediocrity, nnd is characterised by a weakness of stylo nnd infelicity of diction that would never lead anyone to imagine that the writer is the " gifted nuthor" of a long-since for gotten " sketch-book." Had Mr. Martin, before rashly " rushing into print:" submitted this unique specimen of ' advertising literature" to the revision of some judicious friend, many of its "unsightly excrescences' would, doubtless,' have been re moved with a "free band" its tono materially improved, and the hon. and learned gentleman himself spared the painful refledtions which its appearance, in its present form, nnist necessarily have occasioned to one who has ever beon so re markable for the fineness of his dwn feelings, nnd tho tenderness of his respect for those of others ! 