ORIGIN OF THE HAU-HAU FANATICISM. Assistant Native Secretary Parris to the Hon. tho Colonial Secretary. SIR,—I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the Acting Native Secretary's letter of the 4th ultimo, conveying instruc- tions to furnish a report containing all I knosv of the origin and history of the Pai Marire movement, and, in reply, to state that the Maori account of the origin of the Pai Marire, as signifying the name of their new religion, is singularly and supersti tiously associated with the svreck of the Lord Worsley. Horopapera Te Ua, the originator, is a Taiauaki native, and was for years a teacher (kui karakia.) On the occasion of the Lord Worsley being wrecked, he tried very hard to induce the tribe not to interfere with the wreck, further than to render assistance, and desired them to allow us free access to the wreck ; but, having been opposed by the tribe, he was said to have taken their stubborn opposition very much to heart, and went wrong in his mind in consequence thereof. A few weeks after the wreck of the Lord Worsley, Horopapera Te Ua came from the Taranaki district willi another native teacher, named Totaia, to Poutoko, Ropata Ngarongomate's place, where he sent for me. I went to them, and had a long conversation with them. Totaia svas a strong kingite, and wanted peace on their own terms, which required considerable concessions on the part of the Government. Horopapera wanted peace, and would con- sent to any terms the Government might propose. He said he was a Government man, and did not want a Maori king, and on being crossed by Totaia, he became very much excited, and showed unmistak- able signs of insanity and madness. Nothing would satisfy him but for me to walk a circle with him, and during the whole time we were doing so he was re- peating the words : " Atua Pai Marire, Hohou i te rongo Pai Marire, Tihanga Pai Marire, multi Pai Mai-ire." At that time nothing had been said of the new religion by that name, and the tribe re- garded Horopapera as a madman, and kept watch over him. A short time after this he used violence towards the wife of Te Meiha (Big Jack) and in retaliation Te Meiha punished Te Ua severely, by beating him, and tied him hand and foot. From this time the super- stitious part of the tradition, as regards their Pai Marire, commenced. Horopapera states that the Archangel Michael and the Archangel Gabriel, together with an innu- merable host of ministering spirits, came ashore from the Lord Worsley, and that whilst he was tied hand and foot, as before mentioned, the Angel Gabriel appeared before him the first time, and told him to release himself from his bonds, which with the slightest effort he did. That on Meiha seeing him released he again seized him and chained him, and put a lock upon the chain. That Te Ua then said: "What is this to me ?" and with the slightest effort again burst asun- der the chain, and every link was broken and scattered upon the ground, and Horopapera set at liberty. The spectators then began to say among themselves, " Can he have done this of his own strength, or is it some supernatural influence ?" and from that time they began to be afraid of him. Te Ua then swent to his own place in Upper Taranaki, and on a certain day he was in his own house, and fell asleep, and was in a trance, when a great light descended from heaven, and a voice called to bim " To rise and stand on his feet ;" when he saw a great multitude of every race upon earth. A voice then said to him—" Horopapera, go out of your house, take your son, and kill him." Horopapera took his son, and twisted the legs until the bone broke in several places. A voice then cried " Horopapera, spare your son." The angel Gabriel then said, " Take your son, and wash him with water." He took his son to a river called Wairau (in the Upper Taranaki district), and washed him, and the leg was restored whole as the other. The angel Gabriel then said to him, " Go back to your house, and erect a new niu." Horopapera inquired of the angel what a niu was ? The angel re- plied, " A post." Horopapera inquired for what purpose ? The angel replied, " Work for you for the acquirement of the language of all races upon the earth." Horopapera inquired of the angel who was to impart to him the gift of languages. The angel replied, " The spirit of God, passing with the winds, will teach you." The angel added, " As the winds of Heaven proceeded to all quarters of the globe, so from the niu proceeded all the different forms of religion upon earth." The angel Gabriel then sang the following hymn :— Gabriel's song of love to his people, standing naked. Motu Hawke. God Pai Marire, God Pai Marire, rire rire. God the Son Pai Marire, God the Son Pai Marire, rire, rire. God the Holy Ghost Pai Marire, God the Holy Ghost, Pai Marire, rire, rire. Glory be to thee, O Jehovah, in this world. And the Throne ! and the Throne ! and the Throne ! This is all I know of the origin of the Pai Marire, which no doubt was set on foot by Horopapera Te Ua. The hymn of the angel is now used in their daily reli- gious service, and the sign of the descent of the Holy Ghost upon any of them is a cold shivering at the time they are perform- ing the circle marching round the niu. After the cold shivering has passed off, they are inspired with the gift of lan- guages, some of which I have heard at- tempted ; a perfectly unintelligible jargon to themselves and to others—sometimes may be heard a word of Maori intermixed. It is due to Horopapera to state that, from every report which I hear of him, he constantly urges the insurgents to discon- tinue aggressive movements and to sue for peace, but on what conditions I have never heard. New Plymouth, December 8, 1864. —Nelson Colonist, October 10. 