SUMMARY. General Camkbon took his departure for England in the mail steamer Jeddo. He was cscortcd to his boat by a Volunteer guard — a compliment which he gracefully acknowledged, and in his passage down the harbour he was saluted by the vessels of war. During his short stay in the city he was entertained at the Victoria Club. In the remarks he made he abstained from any criticism upon the state of 7no1on/1 tMornlu enrinfl flint hf- thought the war was near its close, and the conditions of things had been unfavourable to successful fighting. When he gets to England he will have the advantage of personally explaining to the Seceetaby foe tiie Colonies and the Seceetaby foe Wab the nature and causes of those dissensions be tween himself and the Goveenob which have been so ruinous to the colony. How the new General will get on with the Goveenob has yet to be seen. During his stay in Sydney, Sir Duncan Camebon was taken round the harbour to inspect the batteries, and the proposed sites for new batteries. Any detailed criticism he may have passed on what he saw has not been made known, but, at the dinner at the Victoria Club, he expressed his opinion that her Majesty's navy would be a better defence than all our forts. No doubt, so long as the navy was here. But we are sometimes without a ship -of- war in the harbour at all, we have no local control over their movements, and at the time most needed they may be away. In that case, in thc absence of any adequate fort to stop the entrance of a hostile vessel, the city would be quite exposed. Since General Cameron left Sydney we have heard from New Zealand of another treacherous murder by the Maories. The wild spirit of revenge still lives among them. The cutter Kate, at Whakatane, was boarded by a party of natives apparently friendly, and who had a meal there, and then at a signal rose against the captain and crew. Mr. Falloon, an interpreter, was also murdered, as he .lay ill in his berth. The cutter was burnt. The murderers it is supposed were adherents of the new Pai Marire superstition, indeed that seems to have almost superseded Christianity as the native religion. Some merchants met on Wednesday to revive the Chamber of Commerce. It has been extinct for some time past, and it did not die in the odour of sanctity. There was a time when the Sydney Chamber commanded respect, and when the Government sought its advice ; but it degenerated in character. The meetings were thinly attended, and only became at all lively when politics and personalities were introduced — and in such meetings these ought always to be ? kept in abeyance. The non existence of a Chamber of Commerce during recent financial discussions has been felt to be an evil ; and, without interfering directly with political parties, it was thought that an association representing mercantile in terests could not but be beneficial. A Chamber of Commerce too has been found very useful as a referee in mercantile disputes, and has often prevented a great deal of litigation. It was suggested by Mr. Lloyd that it would be very desirable to have an Exchange hour, when merchants could all meet -without the trouble of going to each others' offices. So it would ; but the experiment was tried before, and, though kept up for a short time, was too ill-attended to establish it as an institution. In lieu of building a juvenile reformatory, the Government have bought a ship, the object being, no doubt, to train the lads for a sea faring life. If the idea is well carried out, and the right personal superintendence can be secured, the experiment may prove a great suc cess. Life on board a ship gives good oppor tunities for industry, for discipline, and for restraint, but everything depends upon the management. The Government advertised for a suitable ship, and half a dozen tenders were sent in, but the vessel selected was the Keying, the property of Messsrs R. Towns and Co. As thc reformatory craft will not be required to perform any hazardous voyages, or to keep to sea in all weathers, it is not material to enquire very strictly into her sailing qualities, or else the present Teeasubeb might advantageously read up the experience of his predecessor with reference to thc Sea Witch. If the Keying is sound and commodious she will suit thc purpose she is wanted for. She has been approved of by Captain Hixson and Mr. E. O. Mobiabty as thc most suitable vessel that can be obtained, and the price is fixed at £2750, subject to the approval of the Government shipwright surveyor. Some additional expenditure will of course be required for 'fittings, but the buying of a ship is, no doubt, the cheapest way in which a reformatory could be commenced. It would be difficult for the same money to buy or build a suitable house. Mr. Joy, who has already done so much for ragged schools, has made arrangements to establish an inland reformatory on a small scale, but this is quite a private institution, and is an offspring of the same active spirit of bene volence that in a quiet and unobtrusive way has already done so much good. There are many things which it is possible to do in a private institution which cannot be done in a public one, and. the two kinds of organisation may work vety advantageously together. It is satis factory that a beginning has been made, though after too long a delay. Let us hope that success will crown the efforts thus initiated. There is need enough for them. Mb. Moebis, the ex-member for Balranald, has published in the Herald the instructions he has given to his superintendents as to the course they are to take with regard to the new valuations. They are to give the valuers all fhe information in their power, and to acquiesce in their sole jurisdiction wherever their local knowledge was adequate to fit them to under stand fully thc vicissitudes of thc climate. If a second appraiser is required the orders arc to choose some one unconnected with any interest in thc decision, and to acquiesce in thc choice of any umpire that the Crown valuer may name. But the costs of this umpire arc to be settled by arbitration and not to be paid exclusively from the funds of the lessee. On this point there is a dispute between thc squatters and tbe Government. Mr. Eobebtson, through the Crown Commissioner, has ordered that all thc expenses of thc umpire should be borne by the lessee. Thc squatters refer to the Act, and maintain that it is expressly opposed to such a one-sided arrangement. In arguing thc case of the rental before the assessor, Mr. Moebis instructs his superin tendents to point out that stations near to mar ket are especially liable to be cut up by free selectors, and that stations remote from market are subject to this disability, that owing to the enclosure of the country and the provisions of the new Impounding Act, it is becoming increasingly difficult to find food for cattle on their way to market. The different townships at which the open courts for valuation arc to be held, have been notified in the Government Gazelle, 'and during the course of next month the work of valuation will probably be in active progress. Me. Holt's action against Mr. Dalgleish for malicious prosecution has terminated as such actions seldom do terminate. Legal proceedings arc seldom the preliminary to reconciliations. The case was heard before Mr. Justice Cheeke and a jury of four. The evidence clearly proved that there was not a shadow of a ground, for the charge of personation against Mr. Holt. The evidence clearly showed that he was entitled to be an elector, that he thought he was on the roll, that the Re turning-Officer thought so too, and that he acted bona fide throughout. The jury returned a verdict in his favour, with damages £500. Mr. Holt thereupon announced that he should press neither for damages nor costs, as his only object was to clear his character. Mr. Dalgleisbc's counsel handsomely acknowledged this leniency, and the two parties to the suit shook hands and parted mutual friends. 0 si sic semper ! Attention has again been called to the over crowded state of Tarban Creek. People go mad faster than the Government has provided accommodation for them. The asylum has, at least, twice as many people in it as there is room for, and consequently they are most un comfortably, as well as most unhealthily over crowded. The comforts and appliances which are almost universal now in the asylums of the mother country are wanting at Tarban, where there is nothing to relieve the monotony of what is virtually a dreary prison. The poor inmates have no representatives, and are not in a position to plead for themselves, and so they get neglected. The excuse for this neglect, of course, is that the country is too poor just now to build proper asylums. It is in want of public build ings of all sorts — gaols, reformatories, Govern ment offices, libraries, Parliament houses, &c.;, and that all these requirements have had to remain in abeyance. But humanity requires that our lunatics should at least be decently lodged. Half the money that has been jobbed away on public works during the last five years would have built all that was wanted as an addition to Tarban. But the public money has been scrambled for by those who were too knowing by half, while the unfor tunate insane have been left in thc lurch. There is, however, a vote of £25,000 on the Estimates of last session, if the Government would spend it, but owing to the deficiencies of the revenue the Government seems anxious to avoid expenditure wherever it can. The money, however, ought to be spent, and, what is equally important, well spent. We want asylums where the shattered intellect may have a chance of recovering, and not melancholy prisons. In Goulburn, there has been a farmers' move ment against the millers. There are two mills in the town, but it is alleged that there is com bination between them, and that the price for grinding is kept unreasonably high. The charge is stated to be one-and-eightpence a bushel, while elsewhere the charge is only a shilling. It was also said that at the Goulburn mills it took nearly three bushels of wheat to make a hundred pounds of flour, while else where the same quantity could be obtained from two bushels and ,a half. In this way the farmers are pinched at both ends. Thc millers were not at the meeting to offer any explanation nor was there any one to speak up on their behalf, and therefore their side of the case was not heard. But if the statements made were true, it would be policy in them to alter their tactics and meet the farmers. Otherwise there is sure to be opposition, and perhaps excessive opposi tion. A committee was appointed at the meet ing to inquire as to the feasibility of establishing a joint-stock mill. Farmers as a class are pro verbially difficult to organise. They are too isolated, and it is difficult to get them together. But if they could only be fortunate enough to get a capable and honest manager, a farmers' mill would probably pay. If it did not pay in dividends it would probably pay the shareholders in directly in preserving them from a monopoly, and in securing them a fair price for their wheat. The great rock a-bead in all such enterprises is the risk of mismanagement. The shareholders cannot attend personally to the conduct of the concern, and the money goes in a way which no one can exactly understand, and for which no one can be made responsible. The subscribers get disgusted, the property is sold, and passes into the hands of some indi vidual capitalist who makes a very good thing of it. Such is the history of many such enter prises. There have been some successes, but they have been where the right man happily got into hiB right place. In lieu of any extensive private subscriptions to the Lcichhardt Fund, a contribution has been raised by the proceeds of a grand concert. Thc ghost of LF.icHHA.itnT will doubtless duly appreciate thc way in which thc money has been obtained. Times arc certainly dull in Sydney, and money is not very plentiful, but in the city, which was virtually Leichuabdt's Australian home, there ought to have been a little more zeal in behalf of the most pro mising scarch after thc mystery of his fate that has as yet been organised. He pioneered the route to tbe north coast, and we are now just beginning to reap the commercial fruits of his journey. Along the line of his daring tracks there are new stations. Yet where he fell and perished we still do not know. Later ex plorers have won their honours worthily, yet not one of them has eclipsed thc fame of Leich habdt. Not even Stuabt, the most daring of the recent band, has made a longer journey through unknown country than Leicjihaedt did on his trip to Port Essington. 