SCENE FROM 'THE RIVAL SAKACEXS.' f An UnDublished Colonial Drama.1 Enter IIetnoldz-UTAn, Caliph of Freeponiad, with Baurozamuff, Vizier of the Bagpipes— the former scowling contemptuously on the latter, and the latter making obsequious obeisances iu Micturiaer. Caliph— Fool that thou art how dare you ques ion my commands, er try to curb my all-powerful sill by your mischief-makiiig goosequill? Think iou to crush my long-established reputation by hy newborn popularity? L who have sat month ifter month on the Treasury benches of the Faithful, and led the Saracens ten thousand times A) victory, must I yield the palm to you, a !-roselyte of yesterday}— to you, a mercenary uravo, who is one day with us, next day ivith our enemies, wherever glory is most :heap and plunder most abundant? Slave! look at me ! .Not ' a hair on my honour able bead but has stood on end times without number iu fighting for the people's :ause. Not a sinew in my honourable b«dy but lias been strained in fierce combat with the enemies of the State— especially those tapacious squatters ivho first whetted that clanking sword of thine. My hostility to them is uot of to-day nor of yester day, it is a thing of many sessions, begun Inn-; ere thine eyes could see through legs of mutton or behind squatters' buggies. I, Sir, am the St. George who first discovered the dragons of the bush. The immaculate aud indispensable leader ofthe people am I. When they go forth to war they inscribe on their banner, like the Israelites, the tulLunanic initials ' T. R.' GoyJer is my Vizier of Grass, and his office is to lay on the rod in the name of justice and the people. My office as Caliph is to temper justice with mercy. Having instigated my underlings to raise the cry of 'Down with the squatters,' uoit, when the squatters are down, I come forward like a Deiui ex nuusliina, and say, 'Spare our friends. It is not worth our trouble to take from these infidel dogs their paltry lives. Let them go!' But you dare to interfere and to cty out 'Revenge! revenge! keep them down till they swear to the valuations.' My Mussulman soul revolts at such meanness; my stomach is too delicate for it. And who are you that dares to oppose me? Vizier of the Bag pipes, whom I picked up yesterday 'naked anil forlorn' outside the gates of the enemy's camp, is this the return you wane for my generosity} Honour enough was it for you to sound a trumpet in the ranks of the Faithful but your vain soul aspired to the dignity of command. Know, slave, that 1 will brook no rivals neat my throne! If you want office and emolument go catt in thy lot with the usurper Haroun Ayrea.scu.id the Cheap. But remember that a day of vengeance will come. Whsn the ancient veterans of Freeportiad are once more mustered in the halls of North-terrace thy threepenny whistle will no longer avail thee, nor the soft soap at half price of thine all v Ayreasuhid. Bezone. slave : I renounce' thee! Vizier (casting himself at the Caliph's feet)— Most noble ana venerable Caliph, may your toes live for ever, even though this miserable slave of thine lias had the misfortune to tread upon them, For the diro affront to your pedibtts digitU he humbles himself in the dust before thee, and with bated breath asks mercy. Tim valuations were too dangerous a weapon for inexperienced hands like his. They were like the two-edsed swonl of Noureddin, which cut boih ways. With the rash zeal of a proselyte he flourished it round his head, and in its course it hewed down both friends and enemies. And you, most glorious and nolle Caliph, have got your adorable cuticle slightly grazed-Oh, wretched swordsman that I am! 1 confess that I was. new to the work, but my heart was \i\ it Though ap evil fate prevented me from Joining your ranks till the eleventh hour, has ever such jeal and activity been shown before within the memory of the oldest inhabitant 1 Who has stormed, and howled, and threatened like me? Who has intrigued, and calumniated, and misrepresented like me? Who has stuck like me to the valuations, the whole valuations— present and future— and nothing but the valuations? Be gracious, I beseech tbee, most noble Caliph! Let not tbe enemy see that our camp is divided— that the Saracens knovr not how to me an unscrupulous champion^ My old chum Strikeawats stands aloof from me. Me thinks his basilisk eye v-eys with jealousy my rising fame. Ri*inti fame did I say ? Alas, alrm ! It has already passed its zenith, mid sinks rapidly behind black clouds' of my own' making, Ana now, nnldndest cut of aD, my Prince, my Caliph, the ruler of Freeportiad, snubs me before the eyes of the people! What more can I say] What more have I to expect! Lik? Catp, I wQl fold iriy toga around pie, ana* gjve up the ghost in a wheelbarrow. Farewell visions af buggies? Farewell ye dreams of office; &, long farewell to ray incipient greatness 1 