A GOOD FIGHT IN THE BATTLE OF LIFE. CHAPTER XXIX. Oppressed with grief, oppressed with caro- A burthen more than I can bear I sit mo down and sigh. Oh, lifo thou art a galling load, Along a rough, a weary road, To wretches such as I. -Bonus. THE mode of life recorded in the last chapter might be regarded as a fair specimen of that now led by Thornway. Utterly unable to re- establish himself in his trade, he sank lower and lower in position, and became more and more familiar with the phases-various in aspect, but one in wretchedness and hopelessness--of vagrant London life. Sometimes le unloaded a cart of vegetables at Covent Garden; sometimes hIeld a farmer's horse at Smithfield; some times, when the pinch of hunger forced him to rise early enough, helped to carry home some of the fish bought at Billingrrgate. And throughout all these, and many other similar varieties of livelihood, the curse of his lifo clung to him. Whatever hie earned, after satisfying the immediate cravings of hunger, was spent in liquor, andi, as a natural conse quence, hlie rarely knew where to look for his next meal. Living in this manner, it may be supposed tbhat his descent in the scale of being was rapid and unbrolken. Hi-s lodgings had never had much to recommend them in point of comfort; but it now often became a luxury to be able to creep into a stable or hay-loft. Sometimes, if he coull raise the necessary penny, he repeated his former visit to the b?odman; or found a refuge under the dry arches of the Adelphi. Somnetimes, when utterly penniless, be crept into a hole in a brickfield at Spitalfields, or foundl a bed on a heap of rubbish in a half finished house, whoseo owners hadl not so acute a hlead at penny-turning as Sam Wil kins; andl sonmetimes, at an adlvanced hour of the night, the bull's-eye of the policoman was turned on his wretched fiure, as it lay clrouched upon a door-step; and a rough voice, whose authority was not to be gainsaid by shoeless trampls, broke in upon his restless slumber, with the stern mandate to " move on." Nor were his days marked by less vicissi tudes. When he had " luck," as he called it, the only limit to his excesses was the disap psarance of the Inst coin that lu . .o cored him; when he had none, he . nered about, like a half-famished wolf, cursing his fate, his country, and the people around him; iut never looking within, and discerning that if he :must curse, the proper object of his anathema was his own folly-that he had sown the wind, and was reaping the whirl wind-that if he had only exercised common industry, and avoided intemperance, he might have beeoon living happily in the bosom of a loving and amiable family, instead of being a i vagabond and an outcast in the streets of Londlon, without a stated place wherein to lay his head, or a source on which he cduld' rely for food; and with no one among the myriads who surrounded him, to know or oarse whether he was alive or dead. In this manner several months rolled by; employment became more and more pre carious, and his privations, in consequence, more frequent and more heavy. An instinc tive horror of theft, rather than any well defined principles of moral integrity, kept him from resorting to the means with which too many of his class and character supply their wants; and though he had occasionally suf fored almost to the verge of human endurance, he had never been able to bring himself to beg. That alternative, however, seemed at last: the only one open to him. For three days he had not earned a penny-he had tasted no food-he had found neither help nor pity. He roamed listlessly through street after street, longing to cast his enfeebled limbs on the pavement, that he might, at least, taste tle luxury of a little rest; yet fondly clinging to the hope that every fresh corner he turned might disclose the means of earning a trifle wherewith to relieve the gnawing at his vitals, which was still harder to bear than weariness. Thus lhoner after hour passed on; the day began to decline,. anti he still wandered moodily on, hopeless, objectless, neither heed ing nor caring in what direction his feet were bearing him. He found himself near Grosvenor Gate, and turned into the park, from no other motive than because two or three others did so before him. It was the fashionable hour, and the wretched man gazed at the brilliant vision of elegance and luxury which glided before hlis eyes-at first with apathy, then with bitterness. Among the gay cortege that whirled along before him, half-stifling him with dust as it passed, there was, perhaps, not one, the superfluities of whose pomp, would not render him happy for the rest of his days; and they dtrove or cantered by, thoughtless of his wants, reckless of his ex istence. The clihat, the gay laugh, the signs of ease and enjoyment on every side, struck his eyes and ears as a horrible mockery. What right had they to revel in luxury while he was starving for broad ? What were ' they better than he? Was he not the same( flesh and blood, having the same rights andI entitled to the same comforts? With this casuistry common enough in even more intelligent minds, he ignored the fact that his present destitution was entirely owing to his own idleness and improvidence, and that a similar neglect of duty in many of those whom he now envied, would be followed by the same results. Hlie simply saw that they were rolling in abundance, while he was starving for want; that they were joyous and geidsomen , while he was weighed down with misery and care; and he laid the whole blame, boldly and unhelsitatingly, on the fate which had caused them to hobe born to a splendidl heritage, and him to be linked to the mortar- board and the trowel. IHe scowled gloomily at the brilliant group, and moved slowly on. As his eye rested on the waters of the Serpentine, dowing on so peacefully, so tran quilly in the midst of so much tumult and ani mation, a dark thought sprang up in his breast. One plunge into that calm and silent tide, and all his troubles, all his sufferings would be over. His brain reeled; he oseemed to hear a voice urging him to throw off, by one bold effort, an existence which could never be anything to him but a yoke and a burthen; and he had already cast more than one fiurtive glance round him, to see if he was watched, when he suddenly started back, and his thoughts took another direction. An individual was approaching him whose face he seemed to recognise. He looked again, and felt sure of the identity. The party before him could be no other than Mr. Richard Roebuck, the late delinquent secre tary of the Union. The sight occasioned an immediate and total revulsion of his feelings: hope revived,5 as if by magic. He had a claim on this man.: A portion of the funds abstracted had been? intended for him. He might be able to possess himself of it; or, at all events, to ob tain some immediate relief. He hurried up to accost him; but, as he approached nearer, stopped in some perplexity. HIe observed that the gentleman bore him was in a military undress coat, rich with lace and frogs, wore a gold eye-i glass, carried a handsome cane, and had an air of rank and fashion quite incompatible with the dingy, worm-eaten desk and smoke-dried. walls of the little back room at Stamford.' The resemblance was certainly very great, but it could be nothing more than a resemblance; and he turned away with a mutter of disappointment. At the moment of his doing so, a beggar, who was passing, solicited the officer'?: charity. "Charity, indeed !" said the person appealed to. " Be off with you. Is it not enough to pay poor rates ? Go to the work house-the proper place for you. Tramp, now, or I'll just put my cane across your shoulders. Start, I say!" These few words dispelled Thornway's doubts at once; if he felt some uncertainty about the fihe, he had none about the voice. He crossed directly into the path, and as the officer turned from bestowing his parting benediction on the retiring beggar, he saw the new intruder full in his way. A slight glatnce at his wretched garb and haggard ap pearance was sufficient to determine his quality, and the stranger raised his cane agaon. "Another of the gang," he `said. "How dare you molest a gentleman in this manner, you r'ascal? Follow your friend there dirdctly, or I'll-" C, You'd better not strike me, Mr. Roebuok,"j interrupted Thornmway. "It might be the vworse for you, perhaps." "What do you -mean by talking to me! like that, fellow ?" cried the stranger, draw ing himself up stiffly. "1Ir. Roobluck, in deed. Can't you sea that yen arn speaking to an officer and a gentleman ?" "No, I can't," said Thornwav, more than over convinced that he was right; "and it won't do to ride the high horse with me, I can tell you. What's become of the money you bolted with ?" "Really, the insolence of those vulgar people is getting past endurance," soliloquised the officer. "I won't demean myself by lay ing hands on you, you scoundrel; but yeou may think yourself well off that there is not a policeman in sight." "Don't you scounlrel me," cried Thorn way, growing excited, and not predisposed to be over-amiable in his mood; "and as for a policeman, if you go on like this, I shall just walk by your side till one comes up, and then give you in charge, that's all. I can swear to you, for all your fine coat and flash airs." 8oveoral persons passing during this conver sation, looked round at the parties. More than one stopped to listen, but procoeeded when the officer looked up with a defiant glance. That gentleman, however, beogan to find his situation unpleasant; the crowd was beginning to increase, and he know it would continue to swell. Fortunatoly, no one had yet passed to whom hlo was known ; but lie was not safe for an instant, and to be seen, oven by strangers, in conversation with a per son of his companion's appearance must be avoided at all hazards. Moroover, Thlornway talked loudly, as people who are irritated are apt to do. He was, besidles, not particularly select in his choice of epithets, and it was rather too much to hope that overy person who passed them would blie deaf. ITis annoyor was evidently not to be blustered down, nor got rid of. 'The officer paused an instant, and then decided. "My good man," he eaid, in a mild tone, "you are evidently labouring under some strange mistantke. If you will follow me to my office, which is not fthr off, I have no doubt we shall soon set it right." "With all my heart," replied Thornway, who looked upon the proposal as the first step Stowards a compromise: "anywhlere you like. You be reasonable, and you'll find me so. I want nothing but what's right, I don't." S "This way, then," said the stranger; 5' "and perhaps-you'll excuse me-you would not mind keeooping a little behind me as we Swalk. I don't wish to hulrt your feelings; te but there is a little differenco in our dress, oi yoU soo." 1 "Yes, yes0, I know I'm pretty seedy," o, replied Thlornway, rather sulkdly. " Very ly well; you go a-head. Only don't you try to Sdodge me, yon know; or I'll run after youn, ' and cry, ' stop thief.' You may look, but I Is will; son if I don't." wo The officr did not condoscend to mako any \- reply to this monaco, bult sauntered away with Iv a disongaged air, tapping his boot with his so caneo as lhe went along, nnd oocasio:nally rais th ing" his glass as a onrringe of mnore than 5'' ordinary pretensions had rolled by. When ro they had quitted tbhe park, however, he a- ssumed a moreo business pace; and, after a i variety of short cuts and turnings, during ri which iheo loolked baclk mnore than once, and a Sslight expression of disappointment seemed to et rest on his features as hlo obsered his oom Spanion steadily following his track a few feeoot in the rear, he at last came to a pause. S On the door at which he halted was a large Sbrass plate, whereon was engraved, in oon o spicuonus charaotors, "Groat Transatlantic llh, Oew Watorland Emigration Company. ., aInjor Chosrouil, Agent." The oflicor av admuittod himself with a kIey, and loft the door e 11opon for Thorunwvay to follovw. Losing no time in doing so, the latter found himself in a small room neatly fitted up as an office, having a library table in the centre, covered with a profusion of papers. An easy chair was placed near it, and half-a-dozen others arranged round the room. A large map of Now Waterland covered the principal wall; and a board, with notices of the departuro of various vessels, stood over the fire-place. .?o owner threw himself into the easy chair, and turning to request Thornway to take a seat likewise, perceived that e hohad already dclone so. ieo paused a moment, and then, with a short prefatory cough, observed S"Now there's no fear of caves-droppers, and we may say wlhat we please. You are a sharp follow, Thornway ; a man won't throw dust into your eyes very easily-I don't wish to, in fact; and though if you, cutting the figure you do, were to try your hand at establishing an identity between lMajor Chevrouil and a certnin scrubby fellow in tho provinces, commonly called or known by tihe name of Roebuck, whom no decent person ever heard of, I should get the case laughed out of court in ten minutes; yet I don't mind giving a coglnovrit, as we used to say-admit ting the fact, I mean. You don't understand law. And now, friend Thornway, what is it you want, that made you pitch into me in that remarkably gentlemanly way in the park ?" Thornway, who had not expected suchne a sudden change of tactics, felt-as nautical imen say-"rather taken aback." After a moment's pause, he observed, "as I said before, I wants nothing but what's fair." "That is an exceedingly indefinite term, ?my good follow," replied the major; "a very ,'comprehensivo phlrase, like our legal one of o0hereditaments. A tradesman thinks it nfair to sell currant leaves for tea, and logwood rjuice for port wine ; a soldier thinks it fair to *rshoot a sman in the back whom he never saw t boforo, because his officer tells him he is an leenemy; and people think it fair to call this a alpieco of bravery, and hang a man the next '4ay for doing the same thing at home. A t doctor thinks it fair to roll up a tenth part of ava farthing's worth of bread into pills, and soloharge a guinea for them; a barrister thinks ,[it fair to assure a jury that his client is the t~1nnocent victim of a vile conspiracy, though C~ho has just had his confession that be is guilty sf the crime he is charged with. Whlatis fair, hendeed ? There is but one rule, Thornway, by ozvhich sensible men judge of what is fair, anod 5.lhat is, everything is fair which helps yon to bhat you want, and everything is unfair which bloprives you of it. Now, to come back to b~,)musiness, what is it that you want?" ," Why, I want the means to got a liveli a ood," replied Thornway; " that's the long· .t nd short of it. 3But, what's more to the rotloint with you, I suppose, I want victuals to iSt, and I ant beer and tobacco. I haven't troke my fast these three blessed days; I all5aven't had a pipe in my mouth I don't know mhen, and it would be more than vicotuals to me; and as for drink, why I haven't been able to got a single drop all the week, except one pint I got for holding a gent's horse while lhe wont into Dootors Commons; and I'm half deed for the want of it. ?Now, you know you walked off wvith the money from our U'nion-b ox -" " A very pretty loaeding question that," intorrupted the mjor, with an easy laugh; "an Old Bailey lawye' could not have put it obetter. But just let me dlisabu,? your mind of that ilde, friend Thornway, before weo go any farther. \ly privato affairs called mue ratheor suddlenly lrom Stamford while I wnas saccretary to the otriko-somo very pressing business, in fact, which we need not go into now-andt I had not time to go through the acoounts with the committoo of management. They wore very complicated, indeedtl; and, as I said, I could not spare the time. But I lhad made heavy advances out of my own pocket -the poor men were starving, and I ihad my feelings; and if I were to look ump my. vouchers, I think--indeed, I have no hosita tion in saying, I am sure--I shoulid bring the society into my debt. But the thing is all over now, andt I don't want to be hard upon them, so I have made up my mind to lot the matter dropl." " But---" began Thornwmay. "Don't interrupt me for a moment," pur sued( the major. "I was only going to say tlhat, in theo first place, you were not one of tiho committee, and have therefore no right-to askl me for any account at all; and then, waiving that point, I would call your attention to the fact that you have no list of either my receipts or expenses-that you could neither read nor understand them if you had-that you cannot prove I owe the committee a shil ling, and that, not being a member, you have no right to receive it, if' I did-that, in point of fact, you know nothing at all about the matter- that somebody lhas put some idle stuff into your hoead, which you have not the shadow of evidence to sustain, and that the sooner you sponge it out the better. IHIaving said this much-and, in justice to my own charnctor, I could not say lesso-I will now add that though I deny your claim upon me in toto, I am willing to do a little to help a townsman in distress. There is half-a- crown for the present. That will buy you a sup per, and allow for a pipo and a glass of grog at the end of it. And as for the futuro, ifyou don't mind doing it-which I suppose you don't-I want a porter, just to sit in the entry, and takle messages when I happen to be out. It will be something to keep your head above water, at all events, till a bntter thing turns up. And-lot me see-you would rather astonish my clients if they saw you in that trim; but we are something of a size, and I dare say I could find a few old clothes that would make you a little decent. What do you snay" The turn of affairs was so superior to what Thornway had calculated upon-his most snnguine hopes having been confined to the extraction of some immediate relief from either Richard Roebuck's fears or compassion -that there was positive thankfulness in his tone, as he replied " I'm sure l'm much obliged to you, Master Roebuck." " Not at all-not all," replied the gentle. uau, in a condescending tone; "it's our duty to assist each other where we can. But you must remember that my name at present, is not Master Roobuck, but Major Chevrouil. You must bear that in mind, if we are to be connected together. It is indispensable." "Well, I will," said :Thornway; "but what made you change your name for that crack-jaw thing ?" "Family reasons, family reasons," remark ed the major, with an important air. "It is a great advantage, too, in my line of busi ness, to be a military man. It commands in fluence with the emigrants." "A military man !" echoed Thornway; " why, you was never even drawn in the militia." "Quite unnecessary," observed the other; "I have studied tactics, and that is sufficient. Besides the militia is low. I belong to the line." And he hold up a ruler to illustrate the remark. "But wouldn't colonel have sounded better ?" asked Thornway. "Just the reverse," observed the officer, benignly. "Besides, I have, all my life, had a great regard for truth; and I did not wish to give myself oat for what I am not." |Thornway, who had known his companion's career firom boyhood, burst into a hearty laugh. "And when did you become a major, then, may I make bold to ask ?" "When I ceased to be a minor, of course," was the reply; " but I forgot that you don't understand Latin. However, settle it in your mind that this, and everything else about me, is exactly what it ought to be. And mind, as I said before, that your connection with me depends entirely upon your forgetting all about Richard Roebuck. Major Chevreuil knows nothing whatever about him, and never means to; and if I find that you have dropped a hint to any human being that such a man ever existed, we shall cease to be friends; and you might not find me a particularly desirable enemy. The law has a great many ins and outs that you know nothing about, and has taken the teeth out of a man's head before now. There, you need not look as if you had seen your grandfather's ghost. You do as I toll you, and I won't swallow you up. Now go and get your supper and pipe. Come back in two hours for tohe clothes; it will be dark by that time, and nobody will see you; and be hero at your post by nine in the morning." With those words, and a look of self-satis fiction which might have had its origin in innate benevolence, or in the attainment of a desirable object, he dismissed his proti:g to enjoy the happiest hour he had Inown for many months, troubled only by the thought of how he should so time his expenditure, that the whole of his half-crown would be fairly drunk out within the stipulated time. CHA PTERn XXX. All the world's a stage, And all the min and women merely players: They have their exits and their entrances; And one man in his time plays many parts. -SlIAmcESPEAREan. Thornway found much in his new employ ment to suit both his habits and inclinations. The wardrobe of his patron had been found to contain sundry articles of apparelbelonging to the late Richard Roebuck, which, though quite unfit for the wear of Major Chevreuil, gave his porter an appearance more resem Sbling that of a gentleman than he had ever borne in his life. Th'is was so far satisfactory; nor was it less so that there was nothing to do which could be dignified with the name of i work. Thero woro sometimes a few errands into the City; but, to these, as theoy involved change and veriotv, and generally included a pot of half-and-half, or a drop of "something short," he had no sort of objection. The moro general occupation of the (lay was to sit in a little recess outside the office, receivo messages for the major, show parties in and out when ho was thero, and mention the time of his probable return when he was not. As all this was quite compatible with the constant use of his pipe, he got through the day with tolerable comfort. The major him self was too fond of his cigar to have much to say against the practice on the part of his subordinate; and if the smoky atmosphere of the place clnnced to be a trifle too strong for tho lungs of some of the visitants, he had always some easy noncJhalant remark ready about old military habits, both in himself and his orderly, as -h was accustomed to desig nato his porter. . Thornway, who was not deficient in curi osity, and had now little to think of but its gratification, made many attempts to discover the exact nature of the major's business, but with very indifferent success. Various people called at the office, and in quiries were made and answered respecting emigrant vessels; and, from tile fact that he often heard the jinglo of gold through the closed dloor, he conjectured that the business was of a very profitable character. I-e von turedl one day to hint such a thing to the principal. "Profitable ! " cried the major; "you were never more mistaken in your life, man. Profitable! What could have put such an idea as that into your head ?" "Why look at tile lots of cash that they pays you," urged Thornway. " Oh, that's it, is it?" observed the agent. "Well, the answer I ought to give woull be to ask what business you, as my porter, have to be poking your nose into my private affairs? Bunt, as I am more indulgentto you than I ought to be, I don't mind telling you that those sums go to other parties-to my pIrincipals, in fact. You see by the brass plate on the door, if you choose to get any body to read it for you, that these offices belong to the Great Transatlantic New Waterland Emigration Company; and that I am only their agent. Well, the accounts belong to the company, of course, as well as the offices. I get nothing but the agency fees; and rascally small they are, considering the trouble I take. I must speak to the directors about it; they ought to be double at least." "But how is it that one never sees nobody as belongs to this great company ?" inquiroed Thornway. "One would think they would like to look at their business now and then, just to kieep things in their places.: You was loolked after rather sharper by your old mnaster at Staem- " "Once for all, Thornway," interrupted the major, "if you ever mention the name of Stamford again, either to mo or anybody elso, off you go, pack and package. I have told you of it before. I don't know anything about the place, and I won't know anything about it. But as regards the directors coming here, they live a good way off--in the country, in f(oet. They may come up some time or other, perhaps, or they may not. I don't much care which way it is. I get on quite as well without them as with them." Thornway's inquisitiveness was not alto gether satisfied with this information, but he was able to extract no more. He had learned, from hearing them read by the people who called, that the vessels whose names and de scriptions filled the board on the mantel piece all sailed from Liverpool; and he therefore concluded that the parties for whom his patron was the agent resided somewhere in the neighbourhood; that, in all proba bility, the head office of the Great Trans atlantio New Waterland Emigration Com pany *as one of those handsome buildings he had seen in prints, as ornamenting the business portion of that town; and that, while the proprietors superintended the business of their own locality, they confided the metro politan portion of it to the care of Major Chevreuil. He soon found that these conjectures were substantially correct. The visitants, at first, os was evident from their appearance, had been persons of some respectability-men who held no further intercourse with the por ter than to inquire if his master w within, and, if not, when he was expected; 'B.But, as the time approached for the sailing of one of the vessels, people began to arrive of a class more nearly approximating to his own-per sons who did not call again, but would sit down beside him on the bench, and wait patiently till the major arrived, With these Thornway soon estalblished a sort of acquain tance. In this country, men of the middle and higher classes will sit side by side for an hour in a coffee-room, or travel a hundred miles to gether, and perhaps separate, without ex changing a word; but the poor know nothing of this unnatural reserve; there is a sort of freemasonry among them, needing nothing but proximity to produce a certain amount of intimacy. Accordingly, Thornway was not long in the company of his new associates before he had not only ascertained that the major's business was to provide berths and receive passage-money for emigrants by the vessel then about to sail, but had also been put in possession of the circumstances which had led the parties to emigrate. These were, almost invariably, the difli culties of support at home. There were mechanics and artisans of various kinds, wea riod of struggling to maintain a decent ap pearance on precarious and insufficient in comes; tradesmen who had been ruined by the vicious spirit of over- competition, and could not descend to the underhand practices by which their opponents continued to keep their ground; and agricultural labourers from Somersetshire, whose wages were from eight to ten shillings a week, and from Wilts and Dorset, as low as seven, with families of six, eight, and, in one instance, ten children, who were supposed to be fed, clothed, and provided with all the necessaries of life, out of these inadequate means. There was, of course, another class-one more nearly resembling himself-lthe im provident, the idle, the dissolute--moe who had begun lifo with fair prospects, nod had made shipwreck of all; and men who, having never lhad anything to lose but character and moral principle, had managed to deprive themselves of both. B3ut the mass consisted of honest, well-meaning, hard.striving chil dren of adversity, who had spared neither strength nor energy in their wrestle with un toward circumstances, and who now gave up tho struggle hero in despair. Some of them had clubbed their little fimunds together to enable them to go out; others had found philanthropic individuals willing to assist them in obtaining that scope for their industry abroad which they could not find at home; and all were high in con fidence that they were about to exchange a position of toiling, crushing, useless privation for one where a few year's enterprise and perseverance would bring its adequate re ward, and secure a future of comfort and independence. Thornway was not much given to medita tion on political economy; but as he listened to the various tales of struggle, and hard ship, and grinding poverty, and marked the athletic and stalwart frames of many of the narrators; as he noted also, with his powers of observation quickvned by the information he had acquired, the faces and demeanour of those who did not take him into their confidence, but whom he easily judged to be small capitalists andi professional and scientific men, who felt that they had no chance of success at home, and were willing, while their intellects nud energies were unabated, to try their powers on a more promising field ; as he revolved these things, it seemed to him that there must be some thing wrong in a system under which a country suffered so many of her best and most usefil children to leave her bosom, to devote their strength, their knowledge, and their intelligence to swell the influence and increase the glory of another-and, in many instances, a rival-land. Tlhose thoughts, however, never assumed any practical form in his mind, nor, indeed, lingered there under any form at all. Mental effbrt, of any kind, was not much in his way; and, after a few indolent attempts to " turn it over," as he ealled it, he generally summed up with some such remark as, "queer sort of thing, certainly. It doesn't look right, some how; but it aint no bread-and-butter of mine, anyway; so I think I'll just go and have another pint. I shall be back long enough before he is." CIIAPTER XXXI. In lifoe's goblet freely press The leaves that give it bitterness; Nor prise the coloured waters less, For in thy dartkess and distreoss New light and strength they give: And he who has not learned to know iow false its sparkling bubbles show, How bitter are the drops of woo With which its brim may overflow Hle has not learned to live. -LONGoELuOW. W ile tue elder Thornway was leaciing tiei lebasing and indolent life, satisfied with the present while it produced those sensual indul gences which, in his eyes, were the only things that made life valuable, and utterly inmindful of the wife and family whom he had so heartlessly abandoned, that wife and family -though still suffering under the privations he lad assisted to bring upon them, and then left them to bear alone-had a consolation which heno never could find, in the honest conscious ness that their worldly afflictions were not brought upon them by their own misconduct, but were part of His discipline who often sees fit that IIis chosen servants should suffer tribulation. Both mother.and son received them as such; and though Mary's eyes would often fill with tears as she thought of her absent husband, of whom she never had been able to obtain the slightest intelligence, and of whose well- doing, even if still alive, his previous character gave but slender hope, she remem bered that there was One who still watched over him; and as she looked on her high minded, affectionate, true-hearted boy, felt that she was not left' desolate and without comfort. Frank, though he had learnod, by. this time, to bear the general annoyance of' his new lot with fortitude, could not help still wincing a little when Robert Blackburn or Mr. Freestone passed him- the former with a withering sneer, the latter with a salutation, in which the kindness of his nature evidently struggled with a mingled feeling of sorrow and displeasure, at what he considered the lad's hardened refusal to confess his guilt. But the consciousness of unblemished in tegrity soon poured its balm into the wound, and made even this bitter trial more bearable than it had been at first. He had by this time, too, acquired conso lation from another source. His willing and obliging disposition, and the exemplary man ner in which he performed his now duties, irksome and distasteful as they were, had brought their reward-in the kindness and confidence of his employer; Mrs. Truefit tell ing everybody that "they might say what they liked about what Francis had been, but people ought always to speak as they found; and she must say that a more honest, willing, truth-telling, hard-working lad had never entered her doors, and she should be very sorry if anything took him away from her." Such remarks as these were a cordial to the youth's spirit. The dark cloud which had hung over him seemed to pass away as he heard them. He feft himself earning a new name, and compelling those around him to render him the credit due to virtue and up rightness. And when the hours of business were past, and lie found himself in his humble home, he forgot alike the labours and vexa tions of the day in the society of those he loved best-the mother to whom he owed so much, and his kind and sympathising friend, Annie Browning. And how fared it with Annio herself? She had now had some months' repose, after the cruel shock which her nerves had received in the town-hall at Oakhlam. Her health had g'radually returned, though she still continued w?eak and feeble; but the blow which she had sustained had left her a changed being. -It is not a light thing for the yonng heart to have all the bright prospects of the future snatched suddenly away, at the very moment of their fruition, and in a manner which in creases the amount of suffering tenfold. If COnrely had died suddenly the blow would have been heavy and the sorrowv deep; but the bitterest ingredient in the cup would not have been there. IHe would have gone down to the grave with an unsullied name; there would have been that sanctity in her grief which belongs to our mourning for the vir tuous dead, and which insensibly lightens . ?.? Ioj ?.m.-c- om--l? while it hallows regret. But this liviag deathl, and the bshnm which formed the most wretched part of it, was not a thing to pass away from such a mind as hers. True, there was one consolation : she hlad never, for a moment, believed him guilty. The image shrined in her heart had no blush upon its cheek; but the world had given its voice against him -society had branded him with the name of felon; and she felt that she, who was all but his wife, was a sharer in the disgrace. hbe fancied that she was pointed at treated coldly-regarded with suspicion. She. shunned all intercourse, except such as busi ness made absolutely necessary; for she imagined that every one regarded her as a degraded being. She discontinued her walks; for she shrunk from being looked upon. All her playful gaiety was gone; and the quiet calmness of her grief seemed of that settled character which offers no hope that any future sunbeam will ever pierce through the cloud. Her whole manner was so cheerless, so hopeless, that Foxall, who was anxiously watching for the opportunity of reviving his pretensions, could not look at her pale and sorrow-stricken face without feeling that it wav no time for successful wooing. Knowing that one false step might be fatal to his hopes, be carefully confined himself to such little delicate attentions as a friend might pay, taking care not to make the slightest allusion to any warmer feeling; and these were received with a simple and touch ing gratitude that led him still to hope some thing from time. But when, six or eight months after Carely's departure, he felt emboldened to offer her a trifling present, the gentle and steady decision with which it was declined showed him clearly that any present attempt to step out of his assumed character would be the ruin of his hopes for ever. He chafed impatiently at the delay, and was repeatedly on thie point of risking every thing by an appeal to her feelings; buat was as often deterred by a consciousness that want of success would deprive him of the only chance he still retained-the privilege of sometimes seeing her when he went to visit his aunt. Thus another six months wore on, during the latter portion of which Annie's state of mind appeared to become more favourable to his hopes. If there was no positive cheerful ness, there was, at least, no decided express sion of gloom. There was more self-posses sion, more appearance of interest in the things around her; and she seemed more like her own self than she had been since the day of Carely's arrest. Foxall, who, without appearing to observe her, hadwatched every look and word with a lynx-eyed scrutiny, hailed these appearances as favourable omens. She was evidently becoming reconciled to the change of circum stances, and now was the time to step in and reap the advantage of his forbearance. About the time, therefore, that Thornway became porter to the establishment of Major Chevreuil, Foxall fortified himself for the effort he had so long awaited the opportunity of making with effect, and took his way towards his aunt's cottage. He was both surprised and delighted to find Annie alone, Mrs. Thornway having, as she explained, just stepped out to make a few little purchases, and Frank not having yet concluded his daily labours. Of course, Foxall sat down to await his aunt's return; and, equally of course, Annie sat down also. She was at work in the room, and there was no reason why she should show her friend's nephew the marked slight of quitting it at the moment of his entrance. She resumed her work, therefore, and exerted herself to maintain a conversation upon in different topics, till Foxall, feeling that time was all-important to him, embraced the opportunity afforded by a remark on the mildness of the season and the promise of an eanrly spring, to place in her hand a small bouquet of exotics, of which he knew her to be passionately fond. She received them without hesitation, ad mired their beauty, and observed, as she laid them down, that if he should be gone before Mrs. T'hornrway returned, she would take care that she had them immediately. " I had hoped, Iiss Browning," said Fox all, "that you would do me the favour to accept them yourself. I know you likoe flowers, and it was for you I brought them." " Thankl you, Mr. Foxall," replied Annie. " I am muc obligerd to you for your kind in. tention; but I make it a rule never to receive presents." "And why should you do so?" asked Foxall. "Simply," returned Annie, "because I feel it to be right,." "You deceive yourself, Miss Browning," said Foxall; "you do, indeed. It is not right, at your age, to shut yourself up in this manner from everything like cheerfulness. Consider how you are throwing away your happiness." "Happiness!" repeated Annie, in a tone so truly heart-broklen that Foxall paused a moment before he could proceed. It was not his cue, however, to foster any such feelings in her, and he replied "Yes, happiness. Many years of it are in store for you, I trust. And why should you throw away both the present and the future ?" "You forget tIhe past, Mr. Foxall, when you talk like this," observed Annie, with a slight tinge of reproach in her tone. "No, 1 don't, Miss Browning," cried Fox all; " but is it not time that you should give up remembering it so bitterly as you do 1' It cann~t be recalled, you know. It is twelve months now since it took place; and if, in stead of continuing to brood over it, you would exert your strength of mind, and re solve to avail yourself of the means of happi ness still within your reach -" "Stop, sir !" exclaimed Annie, her voice losing a little of its gentleness in the decision of its tone. "I cannot listen to such lan gusge as this," "And why not?" cried Foxall. "It is the language of truth, of honesty, of affection, of-" "It was the language of friendship only," interrupted Annie, "that I was to hear from you; and I had hoped you would have kept your promise better." "I could not!" cried Foxall, impetuously. "It was a promise made in madness. Who could look upon you, and keep it? And why should it be kept?" hlie continued, still more passionately; "is not the obstacle removed ? why should we not forget that it ever existed ?? Miss Browning--Annie--I' have been silent a long time; but I cannot bear to see you wearing yourself into the grave like this. There is nobody now to stand between us. I offer you an honest heart. Do not leave the room, but hear me. Let my future life be spent in trying to render yours happy." " Mr. Foxall," said Annio, "I had hoped this would have been spared me. I thank you again for your good opinion; but I have told you already that it is not in my power to regard you with the feelings you wish. You hlad promised me that I should never hear the subject again; and if I had not trusted to that promise, I should have prevented it in my own way. As it is, it would be only painful to us both to say more;" and, as she spoke, she made an atotempt to pass him, but he threw himself between her and the door. "No! " lie said, with vehemence; " you must not go-you shall not go till you have heard me! "Why should you rehlso me? You know that Carely can never heanything to you now. He evidently wishes you to forget him; his constant silence shows it. Indeed, under the circumstances, it is credit able to him to have such a feeling. For the sake of your own peace and comfort, let me see yon trying to act upon it; and the best way to do this is to throw yourself into a free course of life, where new duties will be occupying your mind, and turning your thoughts into another channel. Iknow I am not what I ought to be, I am not what I could wish to be, for your sake; but I willdo all I can to deserve you. I cannot expect you to forget your old fee:lings at once: it would be unnatural. I am willing to wait; and I have no doubt time and affection will bring back the smile to your cheek yet." "Never!" replied Annie, firmly. "Mr. Foxall, hear me once for all. I repeat it again, I thank you for your good opinion of me, and I am sorry to give you pain-to give anybody pain; but you can never be any thing more to me than a friend. Indeed, I shall never marry any one. I had thought, at one time, that my lot might have been different; but it did not please Providence;" and her voice trembled a little as she said this. "Ily path of life will be a lonely one now. I can never know such feelings again." "This is folly !" persisted Foxall. "To throw away all the joys of life because your first hope has been disappointed, and when years of comfort and happiness are courting your acceptance! It is flying in the face of Providence. You must not think of it. Ydu shall not I" " ?Ir. Foxall," said Annie, with an amount of spirit in her look and accent which she had not before exhibited, "I have tried not to utter a word that would woundyour feelings; but as you appear to take it for grantedthat the only cause of my refusing your addresses has been the-the unhappy engagement, which has ended so distressingly, you compel me to tell you that if I had never seen the man who is now the unjust victim of the villany of others, my conduct to you would have been the same as it is now. Marriageis a sacred tie; and I could not, under, any circumstances, have had those feelings for you without which it should never be contracted. I regret that you have obliged me to speak so plainly; but you must, at least, be convinced it is useless for you to press the subject any further." " No I" cried Foxall, stung to the quick by her remarks, and his eye flashingwith rage as he spoke; "it is not useless, it shall not be useless; I will press the subject, and I will press it on to success, too. Hear me, Annie. You must and shall be my wife. I neither can nor will live without you. Accept me at once, and I will do my best to make your path through life a smooth one. I will not take this for your last answer, but give you another week toconsider it. Think of it well, and when I come again let your reply beea kind one. I wish to be gentle-I have tried to be gentle-but I am not a man to be trifled with; and if you drive me mud, you must expect me to act as madmen do." There was a vehemence in his look and tone which, if it did not awe Annie into sub mission, was sufficient to shake her nervous system, already so enfeebled by the trials she had undergone, and to convince her this was no time for anger or expostulation, even if she could have summoned energy for the effort. She felt thankful when his quitting the room assured her that the trial of her strength was, for the present, over. Hurrying to her own little sanctuary, she drew the bolt after her, and sinkling into a chair, experienced a feeling of relief in venting the fulness of her heart in a flood of tears. (2b Be cosntsted.) 