Peeping Tom' on the Melbourne Cup, and the Death of Fisher man. ? Dear Bell,— I waa sadly diaappointod at not seeing tho handicap for tho Mol !—:: C:? —I: by 'is-e-MraS,!1-*. promised in your provioua mimbor. ; Mr. Editor, after your receiving such a precious document, and informing your readers that it would bo inaorted in Bell tho following week, I consider yon wero bound to keep faith with tho public, by producing it. I havo not tho slightest doubt it ia a care fully compiled, and a very correct pro duction, with aomo of tho lato English notions which 'The General'? is so fond of promulgating, and it would. boi a pity that tho gentlemen of tho hoad of affairs of tho V.R.C. should not got tho benefit of such lato imported ideas. . I cannot .? imagino fora moment but that ;it must bo a vory similar handicap'' to- their own, and presume that it was on that account that you,. Mr. Editor, considered it a work of suporero gation to prinffifc I 'trust,', however, 'Tho General' will seo tho necessity of request ing you to keep faith with the public, as I for ono am anxious that such an interest ing production should not bo lost to poa ierity,, and moro ospecially us I had taken tho troublo to collect a folio of statistics, bo as to givo it tho overwhelming criticism ho expected. I havo no fault to find of any importance with tho: Cup handicap, excopt it ho with tho weight allotted to Riverina, and in this oaso . have, greatdoubts in. my mind if she prove horaelf tlio Riverina, that to easily carried all before lior oighteon months ago. Sho is turned loose, but if ahq bo tho llivorina of Mr..,. Watson, '? sho is fairly handicapped. Sbor is also too heavily weighted, according to hia performances ; but then it is possible tho handicappers may have othor reasons for imposing so high a woight on liim. Thero will always bo somo grumbling on every handicap, however good it may bo ; it is the privilege of John Bull to growl ; but what I nave heard is of such trivial importance, and generally from interested motives, that it _inay fairly bo . presumed that taking it all in all, it is not a had handicap, if not a really good ono. Tho difference of opinion oxpressed by your correspondents this week as to tho relativo weights somo of tho horsea ought to have had shows this ! and 'Tho General' comes to tho conclusion ?that all tho Victorian aged and fivo-yr-olds aro made safe. Ho ought to havo included all tho four-yr-olds in tho samo category, for il the best of thorn ought to havo had only 7Bt 91b, as ho says, tho others, all with the oxcoptioh of two duffers, above that weight, cannot' have a ghost of a chanco according to hisidoas. If the best four-yr-old ought to havo 7st 91b, what weight should tho threo yr-olds havo that aro considered so well in -y 'The Goneral?' Ridira could not bo got in the' colonioa for them. Ho winds upnh criticism with picking fifteen horses that have aohance, and offers to lay a triflo that out of that very vtodest pick tho winner of tho Cup will bo found. Tho haudicappers havo a vory difficult task to perform in thia country, and it is next to an . impossibility to amvo at a correct estimate of every horso hi tho race, especially in such a large entry as tho Molbonrno Cup, ao easily as it can bo dono in England. I will refrain from at presont following suit with your correspondents in selecting tho horses that I consider havo tho best ohauco, as any thing that can be at present written on tho subject may mislead your readers, as many circumstances will tako plaeo amongst such a large entry before tho day to alter all the prognostications that may bo made. I hear, howevor, various opinions on tho Bubject, and a prevailing ono is that tho three-yr-olds havo it all their own way, especially Kero sene, and the manner in which she is backed proves tho sincerity of the idea. Why tho threo- yr-olds aro better in than tho others, and why Kerosene should bo selected, after her repeated failures as a racehorse, lean not discern. I suppose tho public wero so highly edified by her bolting over tho Mel bourne racecourse last autumn, that they consider that such a circuitous perform anco must bo a sura sign of great speed and onduronce in tho straight. ' iVo!« yerons.' Sinco I laat wroto tho country has suffered a Bovoro Iosb in tho death of that renowned champion of racehorses — Fisherman. Mr. Fisher , has been very unfortunate, but although tho loss has beon great to him, ho has derived somo benefit from his services during four seasons : — 'Thero is a tide, otc.' 1 trust tho tido has turned with him, and hope to seo tho roso and thoblack often in tho van the ensuing season. Nothing daunted, ho has already made arrangements to have another first-class siro from England, which ho ex pects next spring ; hois a horao of rare blood and appearance When a yearling Mr. Fisher gave £820 for him to Air. Blenkiron, thocelobrated breeder in Kent, who previously purchased him and his dam at. Lord Londes uorough's sale Ho is by that most famous siro Stockwell out of Ennui, the dam of ono of tho best horses in England, Saunteror. Eunul is by Bay Middloton out of Bluo Dovils, by Velocipede. Stockownor — for this is his name — is a chestnut horso of great sizo and elegant appearance. Of all men in tho southern hemisphere Mr. Fisher deserves tho thanks of the whole com munity if or his ptirsevoranco in trying to ostabhsh tho fame o! Australia as ono of tho greatest countries in tho world for hor superior breed' of horses; and although it will take timo boforo this is accomplished, tho foundation-slono is already laid, and in future generations tho names of Mr. Fisher's stud will bo traced in tho Australian 'Stud Book' hv our children's ohildron, as wo aro now accustoinod to look for Horod, School mistress, or Eclipse, tho pedigrees of the English racehorses of fame. fhopo in tho courso of a short time to bo able to ? givo you Bomo account of how tho horses ongagod' at our noxt spring mooting are gettiug on with their work, and my idoas of their capabilities as I go peeping about. ?!'..?.? PEEPING TOM. P.S.— -It would not boa bad idea if ^tho V.R.O. wore to advortiso, that a oouplo of horsos -\yould mako tracks _ in tho centre of tho courao during tho meoting. As a sort of sonsational affair, it would draw consider ably, as tho gonoral public seemed to tako an eapooiai delight in the cirous-liko antics of Ko rosono much moro so than in the actual racing itself. Porhaps such a contretemps taking placo immediately boforo the start for tho Cup would mako that oxciting ovont moro amusing, nu*l givo tho . tml»U« *«v »»oigl»* lnio the capabilities of tho holtors for the Cham pion Raoo which is to follow. [As to 'The Gonoral's' handicap, wo did not publish it, because in his artclo last week ho showod in what particulars ho difforod from tho haudicappora of tho Club.— Ed. ] Death of Fisherman.— Sir,— Would you kindly insert this letter in reply to ono of last wook, headed 'Death of Fisherman.' I beg to! inform tho individual' who is so anxiouB to know my podigreo, undoubtedly for public bonolit, that I am a mombor of tho lloyal Veterinary College, London, and Voterinary Medical Association ; lato in spector of oattlo at St. Ivos, England; also votorinary surgeon to tho groat Fronoh confederacy, Groan's, Goodwin's, Cotton a, Jonos's, andothor largo rAoingostablishmonts ; now of Molbourno, and had tho honour to bo Bslooted from amongst bo many talented veterinary surgeons to attend liisharman, Mr. Fisher had oyoa nnd ohoso me, but auro hia luck must have boon moro that ordinarily out when ho overlooked tho talont of Sand hurst. I am, Sir, yours reapeotfully, J. M. Rowell. V.S. 