THE STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH. The foundation-stone of a new Sanctuary to be erected In memory of the Rev. Thomas Quinton Stow, was laid on Tuesday. February 7, 1865. There are so many street end pleasant associations clus- tering around the name or Mr. Stow, that witnout the aid ot any memorial church or monumental tablet, it would live for ages yet to come; for his is "One of tbe few, tbe immortal names That are not born to die." It is. however, necessary and fitting at times to give prac- tical expression to the feelings or the heart; and in rearing the Stow Memorial Church the friends of Mr. Stow are only testifying, tangibly and substantially, the esteem which they entertained towards him daring his lifetime, and the reverence and affection which they still feel for tbe memory of one who was eo preeminently great, and good, and useful. It may not perhaps be inappropriate to give some few brief particulars of the life of him, whose name is so inti- mately connected with tbe present interesting event. Mr. Stow was born at Hadleigh, in Suffolk, on the 7th day of July. 1801, and must therefore have just passed his 61st year at the time of his death, which occurred on the 19th or July, 1862\. Nothing or very little is known of him before the age of 17. when he commenced preaching the Gospel. He after- wards entered the Missionary College, at Gosport, with a view of studying for and devoting his jlife to tbe ministry. At this institution be was under the training of Dr. Bogue, an able and experienced theologian. The first church he had under his pastoral care was at Huntingford, in Hertford- shire, and he afterwards accepted a charge at Halstead,in Essex, where he had a church and congregation as large as these which used to assemble at Freeman-street. In the year 1837 he was selected by the Colonial Missionary Society to establish tbe principles of Congregationalism, or rather of religion, in this colony; and he would not have been chosen for tbe position had not his talents, his consistency, and his liberal Christian views, have marked him as the man most fitted for the new sphere of labor which had just opened up. He arrived here in October 1837. in tbe ship Hartley, accompanied by the late Mr. W. Giles and his family. He had brought ont with him a tent, which be pitched on the Park Lands, and in which he preached his first sermons. Subsequently a structure of pine and reeds, which Mr. Stow himself helped to build, was erected on North-terrace, and here for a long time the subject of our sketch imparted religious instruction to a small but devoted band of followers. As years progressed the congregation increased, and the humble little sanctuary on North-terrace became too inadequate for its purposes. Accordingly in the year 1840 the large edifice in Freeman-street was built, and at that time was regarded as a magnificent specimen of colonial architecture. In this place Mr. Stow labored for several years with the greatest zeal and earnestness, and his devoted exertions were rewarded by a numerous and loving flock. At length, however, he was prostrated by illness, and in 1855 tbe Rev. C. W. Evan arrived is the colony with a view of acting as his co- pastor. He did not, though weak and feeble, give up serving the cause ol religion, for he gratuitously officiated at Clayton Chapel, Kensington, and at Glenelg, when those places were without a settled pastor. The people at Clayton Chapel and Glenelg could not accept his services without some recognition, end they generously subscribed and pre sented .Mr. Stow with a most handsome expression of their regard and indebtedness to him. In February, 1862, Mr. Stow, being better in health, left the colony to fulfil a temporary engagement at Pitt-street Chapel, Sydney; and after fulfilling it he was attacked by an illness more severe than he had previously suffered from. Alarm was soon awakened among his friends, and much anxiety was felt about his recovery. After a lingering affliction, during which feelings of hope and apprehension were alter- nately dominant in the breasts or Mr. Stow's numerous acquaintances, Mr. Stow calmly fell asleep on the 19th of July, 1862. In this hurried obituary notice no reference has been made to Mr. Stow's great and successful efforts in rela- tion to the abolition of State aid to religion, nor to the libe- rality of principle, which actuated him in his conduct towards other denominations; but it is chiefly, perhaps, for these characteristics that his name will be more generally and gratefully remembered. " The site of the Church, of which the foundation stone has now been laid. is situated in Victoria-square, next to tbe public offices. The Cbnrch will be erected in the Gothic style, from tbe designs of Mr. R. G. Thomas, and the builders are Messrs. English & Brown of this city. The principal feature to the entrance front in Victoria-square will be a projecting portico formed of freestone colnmns sup- porting pointed arches, and an open parapet of freestone. Above the portico In the main building will be a four-light window in freestone, with geometrical tracery. Fronting east and west the transepts will have wheel windows with tracery of similar description. The total length of the build- ing will be 112 feet, and-the breadth across the nave 62 feet, and across the transepts 83 feet. Adjoining the eastern transept a tower and spire will rise directly from the ground to a height of 170 feet from the pavement. The foundations of the tower will be 8 feet wide, and formed of concrete made with Portland cement, and the walls of the tower will be nowhere less than four feet thick. The ground storey of the tower will form another principal entrance to tbe Church and will have a doorway in freestone. The interior of the Church will be divided into nave and aisles by columns sup- porting arches and a lofty clerestory, with windows of geometrical pattern, from which tbe Church will be princi- pally lighted. The aisles will be very narrow, as they ere merely intended to serve as passages, and will only have occasional sittings placed in them. The columns therefore will not form obstructions to the view of the platform. Including the occasional sittings, the Church will accommodate nearly 850 persons on the ground floor. Provision is made in the building for adding to tbe accommodation by galleries over the entrance lobby, and over the transepts, and over the platform of the orchestra These when constructed will extend the accommo dation to over 1,150, but the gallery for the orchestra and organ will be the only one included at present, The interior of the church will be lofty, tbe ceiling is of hexagonal shape, and the centre portion will be 43 feet high from the floor. There will be a lofty pointed arch at tbe end, opposite the entrance, under which will be a projecting platform for the Minister enclosed with railings, above which are the organ gallery and orchestra. Communicating with the platform will be three vestries and also spaces tor staircases leading to the proposed transept, galleries, and to the organ gallery. The buildings will be entirely constructed of Glen Osmond stone and Glen Ewin freestone, the front portico and the spire being wholly of freestone, and will be of the most sub- stantial and durable character. The present contract, which does not include the upper portion of the tower and spire, is £7,650. It was originally intended to erect some building of a less sectarian nature than a church for one particular denomina tion—s monument. In fact, towards which people of all creeds could contribute. But many of Mr. Stow's most In timate friends did not think this would be In harmony with his We and character; hence the Idea of erecting an elabo rate monument, or national institution, was allowed to lapse, and the proposal to build a Memorial Church met with more general favor. Efforts were then set on foot to collect subscriptions towards the obiect. and the result of these exertions were consummated on Tuesday, by the lay ing of the chief corner-stone. THE LAYING OF THE STONE. The ceremony of laying the stone took place at 3 o'clock. In the afternoon. In tbe presence of a. large concourse of persons, composed of friends connected with nearly if not all the religious bodies in the colony. The Bev. F. W. Cox commenced the engagements by giving out a hymn from the Congregational Hymn Book the first verse of which was as follows :— " O Thou to whom, in ancient time. The lyre of Hebrew bards was strong. Whom Kings adored in songs sab'lme. And Prophets praised with glowing tongue." After the hymn bad been song, tlie Bev. M. H. Hodge read the passages of Scripture contained in 1st Chronicles, xxU 9.10. is: and the 1st Corinthians, 111, 9 It. The Bev. John Graham, of Sydney, then offered an imprtssive and earnest dedicatory prayer. Mr Thomas Graves then read the following list of articles deposited in a bottle, hermetically sealed, to be placed In the cavity of the foundation stone:—Emitter and Advertiser newspapers of that day's date, toe Tdtgraph of the day preceding; copy of the programme of tbU day's pro ceedings, ifith annual report of the South Australian Home Missionary Society, report of the proceedings of the isth yearly meeting, and of tbe 16th half-yearly meeting of the Congregational Union of South Australia, a copy of Mr. Stow's dedicatory discourse on tbe opening of Freeman street Chapel, and of his address on laying the foundation stone, copy of Mr. Blnney 's sermon In aid of Stow Memorial Church, and the following statement printed on parch ment:— "This document Is placed in the foundation stone of an edllloe to be erected for the worship of God, and to be called the Stow Memorial Churoh. in memory oC the late Rev. Thomas Qulnton Stow, the first pastor of the congre gation, for whose immediate use the building Is raised, and the father and founder of tueCongregnttonal Denomination of South Australia. '?The stone Is laid by Alexander Hay, Esq., on this seventh day of February, 1865, In the twenty- eighth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Viotorla; His Excellency Sir Dominlck Daly being Governor of the province, tbe Bevs. John Graham, of Sydney. M. H. Hodge, G. Stonehouse. C. W. Evan, an&F.; W. Cox taking part in the service held on the occasion. "The erection of this place of worship Is undertaken by the Churen now assembling in Freeman-street Chapel, the Bev. C W- Evan being- pastor, and Henry Giles, Matthew Goode, Carrlngton Smedley, and Alexander Hay, Deacons. \- Tbe order and discipline of the Church U Congregational or Independent, as set forth fn the Declaration or Faith, Church Order, and Discipline issued by the Congregational Union of England and Wales. "?Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost' "The Committee under whose supervision the Memorial Church is erected consists of the Bev. C. W. Evan, B. A.; B. D. Hanson. Chief Justice; Thomas Graves, Treasurer; John Brown, Secretary; John Davis, Horace Dean, Robert Davenport, William Parkin, Thomas Barlow, William Berry. Samuel t'avenport, William Hanson, Henry Giles, Matthew Goode, Carrington Smedley, Clement Sablne, Robert Stnckey, Charles Todd, George White, Alexander Hay. "Architect, fi. G, Thomas. Builders, English and Brown. Mr. C W. Evah then, on behalf of the ladies of Freeman street Congregation, presented Mr. A. Hay, who was about to lay the stone, with an elegant silver trowel, with which to perform the oeremoufaL On tie trowel, which was manufactured by Mr. Davis, the following Inscription was engraven :— Presented to Alexander Hat, Esq., By the Ladies of the Congregation of Freeman-street, On the occasion of the laying of the foundation-stone of the Stow Memorial Church, Adelaide. February 7. I86E. Mr. Hat then performed the ceremonial, and addressed the assembly as follows:—Dear Friends—Engaged as we now are in laying tbe foundation-stone of a new building. Intended to be used as a place of meeting for tbe public worship of God, we are not situated as those colonists were who took an active part in laying the foundation-stone and In building Freeman-street Chapel At that time nearly everything connected with the permanent progress and stability of our colonial institutions was comparatively un tried. In the year 1840 productive industry had scarcely made a beginning. Only very few persons were then en- gaged in pastoral pursuits. Farmers had not had time to prove the soil and climate to know if corn could be profit- ably produced. Our rich mines had not then been dis- covered, our commerce was but small, as we had little or no produce to export, our manufactories were few, little had been done towards forming educational institutions. Under those circumstances Mr. Stow, and those who acted with him in laying the foundation-stone of Freeman-street Chapel, needed to exercise much faith regarding the success of what was then a great undertaking. I thank our Heavenly Father that they exercised such faith, that they build our chapel, for thereby they have been tbe instrument or doing much good. I am sure you will agree with me that we are alto gether in a much more enoouraglng position now. Since then our progress has been gradual and prosperous. During the last 28 years our squatters have prospered, and our flocks and herds nave largely Increased; our farmers have proved that there are few countries where corn can be grown to greater perfection and more profitably than this; rich mines have been dis covered and profitably worked; our commerce has hugely lnoreased; educational institutions have grown op amongst us; we nave a number of manufactories; and our exports are counted by millions sterling. Looking at these things we have much to encourage us In the woAyehavebegun of building a new and commodious church that will be somewhat In unison with the improved buildings In the city and surrounding country. God has blessed us as a colony and people. Many from their lnoreased means ars enlarging and'beautifying their dwellings and plaoa of business; large and substantial publio buildings are being erected; the House of God ought certainly notto be left behind, but should share In the general Improvement. In my opinion It ought to be one of the best buildings In the city I am eladTtherefore, the people belonging to ths original Congregational Church In Adelaide have determined to build this new sanctuary. I trust the blessing- of God may rest on those engaged In this work-that many shall yet come to worship here, and thereby be'led to see tbe evils of sin. an/to seek righteousness through Jesus Christ oar Saviour. Respecting the name by which this place of worship is to be known—the Stow Churoh—it la a 1 net tribute to the memory of one whose name is universally and Justly respected throughout this colony. In all tbe Australian Colonies, and by those to whom he Is known in England. In connecting the name of oar late respected pastor with toll building we ?re (o}loirlqf tbe example of other Churches, both In Britain and thta flotooy. In Scotland the Presbyterian Choroh baa Its BnUne Churches, Us GUlespy Churches, and on North Terrace. Adelaide, we have theCtulmera Churen-nameii that those Churches delight to honor. ingMngthenameofStowtoUiis Church we are handing down to posterity the. name et one whose labours are worthy to be remembered, ua mo? example ia worthy of relmltatton. It waa wellj ftr toe Christian Church here that Mr. Stow came so early to this colony. He waa the Instrument in ttie hand or God in lay- Ing the foundation of much that haa tended to the prospe rity of the cause of Christ in this country. I bad toe pleasure of listening to his frtHThi"g in the primitive build ing on North-terrace; 26 jew ago. I have often listened to his teaching in our present place of worship, and I am satisfied no man was ever more anxious to do his great Master's work, and to build up the Kiogdom*of Christ Mr. Stowmuanlearnestand devoted servantofGod. Hewaaerer ready to take an active part in any movement that he be lieved would forward the Interests of religion or education. For a number of yean after his arrival he labored chiefly amongst the people In and around Adelaide. When the population Increased and extended into the country distrioU he took an active part in the formation and working of our Home Missionary Society, with the view of extending the preaching of the Gospel to the onter districts of the colony. He waa zealous in the cause of the British and Foreign Bible Society. He did not interfere much in polities: tat when the politician forgot his mission and sought to meddle with religion Mr. Stow came forward and did good aerviea In retaining to the colony the religions liberty on which It was originally founded. But leaving all his other laboon ont oi sight, and looking at the good he did as a Christian minister, I believe we are fulfilling a duty In associating his name with the Church we are now building. I trust many young ministers wQl follow the example he has set fan of devotedness to the cause of their Great Master. I would only add that I hope our present pastor, Mr. Evan, may long enjoy health and strength to labour with great success in the church of which we have Just laid the foun dation-stone. TheBev. Vh. Bhowk, Wesleyan Minister, gave oat the hymn oommendng: — " This stone to Thee in faith we lay. We build the temple. Lord, to Thee; Thine eyes be open night and day To guard this house and sanctuary." Two verses havlngbeensung. The Eev. C. IT. Evas, pastor of Ereemui-atwet, delivered the subjoined address :— "Christian friends—The present hour to ns Is a solemn and e joyful one. We are assembled to lay the foundation of a house which we have purposed to build onto the name of the Lord our God, and to invoke His blessing on the work of our hands. Memories of the past, and anticipations of the future, crowd noon our minds. It is no w fully a quarter of a century since the first stone of the old sanctuary in Freeman-street was laid. Some who were present on ***** occasion, having received continued help of God, are here this day; and they will scarcely fall to bring together in their minds the two spectacles, with their material adjuncts and surroundings, and to be Impressed and Instructed be the contrast Bat some, and we imagine no small pro portion of those who witnessed with peculiar interest the proceedings or that day with their revered piBtor, who spoke to them words of truth and wisdom happily preserved to ns, have passed into a world where there Is no more laying of foundations, nor need of temples made with hands.' It Is a reason for devout satisfaction and. thankfulness that the a< yean which have elapsed since that day have so largely fulfilled the hopes which were then indulged and expressed, not only in relation to the particular Christian work in which our friends and fathers were engaged, but also in relation to the general interests of this province, which, at the time, was only In the third year of its existence. And on the present occasion, which has aoonunemoraUve aa well as a prospective aspect, most fitting' is it that we should devoutly praise the Godot Heaves for the blessings which he has poured on this land, for the development or its rich material resources, the growth and extension of its com merce, the progress andthe general prosperity of its popu lation, the diffusion of knowledge, the advancement of troe religion, the hopeful measure of unity and brotherhood that has marked the churches of Christ, and the happy Immunity we enjoy from religious imposts and restrictions, which, in other lands, are a source of painful HrritaUon and estrange ment. Most fitting is it, too. that we should render amto God hearty thanks for all that was achieved by our sainted friend, whose memory is bo closely associated with this service, and by men likenunded with him, who so manfully did their part in laying- the foundations of die varied interests of this community. We associate Mr. Btow'a name with the edifice which is thus begun, believing the act to be In every way appropriate, in harmony with eacred usage, and pleasing to God. No one acquainted with our principles and practices as a denomieation will lay hero worship to our charge, or Impute to us any tendency to the adoration of saints. We worship only the one Urine God the Saviour of mankind; but we desire, after the example of ? th e churches In Judea,' to glorify God In Us servants, and by raising the sacred edifice aa a memorial to Mr Blow we express our esteem and reverence for bis character as that of an eminent servant of Christ, who, in a position peculiarly trying and responsible, firmly and faithfully did ills Master's work, and served hla generation. We acknow ledge the obligations tinder which we are laid to his life and teaching, and we seek to transmit his name to our poeteritr in tbis land aeanameprominentlyasBOClatedwltfaallthat was good and true, and sacred to the early history of the colony With respect to the architecture of the memorial ctrurch, it is intended in accordance with the progress of events, the better circumstances of our people, and toe Improved taste of the times, to present a goodlier form and more attractive feature than its venerable predecessor in Freeman-street. In this good land Into which God hath brought us—a ?f* abounding with materials of wealth—a laniT of wheat and barley, and vines, and % trees, and pomegranates-a land of on, olive, and honey, wherein we eat bread without scarce ness nor laokMything in it—m this good Isjiu, where It nw be said of ns aB a people that our floeks and heida are mnlttr plied, and our silver and gold are multiplied, and all taat we have are multiplied-surrounded as we are on every ?">"* by signs of social prosperity and growing wealth, It wera humiliating indeed if the house of God stood forth the tn>e of poverty and meanness. It Is gratifying to observe t£> growth of ourclty and its Improved arebtteetnral develop ments, and shall we not desire that among our betteredSeea our sanctuaries may stand forth graceful andcomelr ta well as a prominent witness for those higher tntenstsiinfl later enjoyments which amid the absorbing purndt? of secularism all are too prone to forget? M"e think It no sign ofdacene racy in our Congregational chnrcbes that in the mstterof architecture they should elect to depart from the enforced eUnpUdty and plainness of their JParttau aneestoaTAU honor those noble men, who, oppressed and Impoverished by unrighteous enactments, raised onto God their humble sanctuary in any bye-lane or allev where they oonlfl find an asylum; would we bad more of their fidelity to eonaelaiea and to Christ. We honor them, but we oonrcatolate our eeives. and thank God that the persecutingaSuwTwMch harassed them has been chained ffnotexorased from the landof our fathers, anl devontly do we trust tnatltaxoHated breath may never contaminate the free atmosphere of tbla land. As Congregationallsts we are no tongerverr poor. and we are nnwilung that mean and vnstetrtiy" ~i<* should proclaim our poverty of taste, mnda mare deDtaraUe deficiency fn the grace of liberality. There fsa jmlwlnir and, as we believe, a healthy desiri that the cWetlsnBan* taary should exhibit In Its structure ana arnautemento some worthiness of the purpose to which It la oonseenterL Itis ourhopeandbeUsfthatinthebnllalngtobe erected ken. though no Bhektnal splendour may jdow within lta walla, things beautiful and glorious, aa well is traeTwlU be vn- BeotedtotheeyeoftSesoal; and Is it not meet that the material should be in some sort of harmony with the splritnral. typical and suggestive of those higher andfUnr things, and not painfully Incongruous with them. We sympathise in the opinion expres£dty aneHhatGod may be praised by the spirit of eacrifloeij! toe inaterial beauty and the expressions of (noughts, alms with wMoh onr sanctuary buildings maybe Instinct BUnotmyInten tion to follow the praellee sometimes observed onaooasions Like the present of giving a statement of our deimnmaUoaal principles. We have our distinctive tenets and nsues. but It is more in harmony with our feelings at tnisinomsutto confess and to endeavor more fully to realise our nnftvwith all who love the Lord Jesus CbrUtln suoerttrttaatodaraU ou ttose minor matters wherein we dBtofronTSeS. wS rejoice that we may dalm substantial oneness with an who believe In God the Wher. in jSnTchristtiTe SartoS Had in the Holy Ghost the Comforter. We caniomttonooreed as the exact embodiment of onr thealoer TChtittbeSim may Indeed be found for the most j£rtln^ three create ot tile ancient Cburah, the Apostolic Creed, the Nleene (W and the Athanasian Creed, and In the thirty-nine •radM of the Church ofEngland, but we acoept none of theaeaa authoritative. They are Interesting to ns, but cMeflv as ex preMlona of opinion on the part of those who framed them, written Indeed for onr learning, but not for onr taw^nw declaration of faith Issued by tnTEngUah Union may fairly set forth the things which Weoommonlv believe among us, bnt It Is not binding on our eonsatenees for we have not endorsed It with our bands. We acknow ledge no authority, only the Divine teaching of the Scrip tores, but we do not admit that our theology Is therefore vague and uncertain. There prevails amonc ni a substan tial agreement as to the great verities orchristianltv. an agreement, we venture to think, not the less real ormarked than exists In other Churches which Hunk flt to adhere to certain formalities of faith as the authoritative sbrndarda. And it is our confident hope that whoever mav be snared to witness the completion of tbis building, and whoevermav worship and teach within Its walls, prominence wfll beglvec here to those great central verities to which to oweourhisfa^ and position as a denomination, the everlasting Gospel, the Gospel for all times and generations, will be preaohedhere in Its Divine fullness,and thatinofranecllon with ItemlBlstrv. and by the power of the Divine Spirit, there shall be buflt np within the material structure a perfect house cemposedof lively stones, and resting on no other foundation tnantbat of the apostles and prophets. Jesus Christ being the corner stone. And my earnest prayer Is that all who witness and participate in the laying of this foundation-stone, and those who shall hereafter assemble in the building, may through the grace of God, be found resting on thefoundation or the Lord, which standelh sure, and be built into that Urine temple that shall never crumble or decay. Our mate rial sanctuaries, however firmly-founded and strongly-built, are doomed to fall and perish, and in their perlBhableoess they are fitting types of our ecolefrtasUoal systems. Enlscopa- UanUln^2!^ er fc Tenerftble>, JPresbyterianlsm however strong, Methodism however mighty, Congregationalism, and the hundred forma of polity, whatever thetrnretensIoiiB. are temporal and perishable things; but the true Church of God, composed of adherents of all these systems, shall live and abide for ever end ever, for it is founded on the Koek of Ages, and the gates of heU shall not prevail against It Be it our ambition to be true and worthy members of that glorious Church I But to conclude, as we contemplate the engagements of tbis hour in their probable Issues, we oannot better express our thoughts and emotions than in > the earnest and appropriate words used by Mr. Stow when the old sanctuary was begun. • Memorable and auspicious hour In which we lay the first stone of an edifice for God, an edifice for the GoBpel. an edifice for the Church, an edifice for souls I HereBhallbeproolalmed'thegloriousQospelof the blessed God. Here the praises and payers of the Church shall ascend to God. Here God shall fulfil his condescending promise to be with bis assembled people and manifest his jrlory. • Here believers shall receive gracious visitations—'Seasons of refreshing from the Lord.' all chimerical and visionary to the I worldling, but all reality, and substance, and glory to those who have seen, and tasted, and bandied the word of lib. Here the tears of the penitent shall flow—the hard heart shall break and pour forth Its deep stream of godly sorrow before the Lord. Here the barthened and agitated oon eeience shall find peace at the sight of the cross. Here many an aching Borrowing spirit shall be made to rejoice with joy unspeakable and foil of glory. Here our families shall resort, and be trained for God and for immortality. Here the youth of onr city shall imbibe principles which shall be their guard amongst the vile and batefuloorraDtiona of the world. And here the aged Christian shall bend his heavy steps, and bis faded eye shall be lighted np with the hopes of that' temple not made with bands eternal in the heavens,' which he is so soon to enter. Though we thai speak it Is not in the spirit of boasting or self- confldenoe. We believe in God; we believe also in His Son, Jesus Christ; we believe in the Holy Ghost Hence we expect these things: 'The God of Heaven He will prosperusT therefore we His servants will arise and bund.' " Offerings to a considerable sum were then eoHseted and laid on the stone. The Eev. G. Storehouse. Baptist Minister, next offered a fervent payer, supplicating the blessing of the Most High on the undertaking. The Bev. J. Graham prononneed the benediction, and the proceedings connected with the laying of the ceremonial stone ended. THE TEA. AND PUBLIC MEETING. AU the tables which were laid, both In the chapel and schoolroom, were at once oeoapled, ana were to a consider able extent relald. It was estimated that there were nearly 600 persons present. The provision was elegant and ample, and the chapel was*nloe]y decorated with foliage and flowers, besides a number of Scripture mottoes wbioh hung round the walls. The tea equipage having been cleared away, the chapel was soon again refilled for the public meeting. After a voluntary on the harmonium, "Cujus Anlma," from the Stabat Mater, by Mr. James Shakspeare. His Honor the Chief Justice took the chair, and the proceedings wen com menced by singing the 229th hymn, commencing, •' Let u with a gladsome sound." after which the Eev. cTlIanthorp* offered the opening prayer. The Ckaibmah then addressed the meeting. He said the occasion for which they had met waa an nnfrequeok one In connection with any church. Then might be those present who bad attended similar meetings in connection with other churches; bat in the ordinary course of nature it was to be hoped that those rnwint would not again be called on to take part In a nmttar oooaslon. THs being the case he might bTaUowsd to ??/ a few word! before he called oa th* ipeaken who bad bft£ appointed to address them. The occasion for which they; bid met—to lay the foundation stone of a new Church— , • wu an oocaslon which under every aspect was hopeful and j < encouraging. The work-in which they were engaged testi-I; fled the success of the preaching of their late lamented I pastor, as will as the progress of tEe colony, looking back to the time when the stone of the building In which they were met was laid, he thought there was sufficient to In dicate the progress which had slnae been made. At the time when the foundation stone of that building was laid It was the only ehnreh In the colony, and of which their late respected pastor was the founder. From time to time the members separated from the one general Church and formed Christian bodies In the localities where they located, whloh Churches hi their turn presented many signs of pro gress. The Church in Freeman-street had now taken a Step to secure a more beautiful edifice and to connect with it the name of their late pastor. They did not take the position of the old man at the boilding of the second temple, who looked back with regret ana ?orrow at the magnificence of the flat temple; but they occupied rather the position of tnoee who at the erection of the first temple felt that they were laying the foundation of a twill fling where the Berviee of those who had gone before should be perpetuated, and as a proof of the religious feel ing of UufriaUon and the growth of that principle among the people. In all aspects but one that occasion was en couraging. No doubt in one aspect there was something or Borrow mingled with it. They could not Call to remember that he who had founded the Congregational Church in the colony, he who had in so nuny ways ministered to and fostered it, had now passed from among them, and this remembrance would cause something of moomfulness to mingle with the otherwise joyful anticipations of that meeting. (Hear, hear.) But though it was not without sorrow, he did not think that oooaston should be one of sorrow. Measured by years, undoubtedly their late pastor left them before the appointed term of human life; but measured by his works, measured by what he attempted, and what he achieved, he left them full of labors. He did not leave them, however, without seeing many of the results of his toll accomplished, and being assured that the Church which he had bnilt up was safe from storms and accidents. (Cheers) He therefore thought that while they could not In one sense bnt feel sorrowful, jt under another eonditiou they ought not to do so. The end of their late pastor was one which they might wish to be secured by having attained the aim of their life, passed from their midst to receive the reward of their labors, knowing that their works should follow them. (Hear, bear.) He could not but forget that on that occasion they bad been laying the foundation-stone of an Independent Church, and although the matters in which they differed were of comparatively trifling Importance—although those on which they agreed were the great essentials of faith— St there were occasions when they should call to prominence some of the distinctive features of their organization and government. All Christian Chnraha had had their work to do, and had done it well Tor the cause of God. That was notatimeto speak of others, but while he said a few words about the denomination to wnl* be belonged, be should be sorry to pass over other denomi nations. His Church had their share of truth, but he would be sorry to claim the whole truth—(hear, hear)- to say that there was no truth beyond themselves, and they had nothing to learn from others. The Independents had rendered two great services to Christianity. They had given fall develop ment to the principle of toleration, and had asserted more ?mph.Hn.iiy than any others the right of liberty of con tniirm It was said by some that the Independents preached toleration, because theycould not persecute; bnt he considered it wat inherent in the organisation of Independents that persons should have the right of forming a Church which should have the power of individual self-government, and free from the Interference of any external government. (Cheers.) In this respect Congregationalism he thought differed from every previous organisation, because all others claimed to have a onion of churches, or rattier to be bound by the opinion of mem bers who had the right to be considered authorities amongst them. All Churches, no doubt, had something to perform, and bad perhaps profited by what other Churches bad done. It bad been quaintly said by Borne writs that what with right hand defections and left band fallings only one person besides himself had kept unimpaired the faith of their fathers. Well, there was nothing in Con gregational organization to prevent even those two persons forming a Church of their own. This principle of Indepen dency had been more or less accepted by every Christian Ohmrch In countries when discussion was free, and where not • word was whispered as to the right of any person to Interfere with the faith or discipline of another church, or of . any State to Interfere with the faith or worship of a single -*? IndMduaL This bad been the fonction of the Congregational bady. to which he might be permitted to refer with allowable self-congratulation on that occasion. He had occupied.tiielr time longer than he intended, and In conclu sion would say tbat whue he had called attention to what he considered to be the special claim of that Church, be would always wish It to be remembered that with all Christian bodies the points of diirerenoe were very Bmall, as compared to the Infinitely Important points in which they agreed. (Hear, hear.) He remembered days in England when It was dtficult to overcome the feeling of the denominational pecu liarity. Bnt in this colony they did not experience this feel ing. AH sects were on the same level—no one claimed aught but what resulted from the purity, simplicity, and fervor with which the truths of Christianity were preached. They bad been kd to attach less significance to each other's organization*, while they recognised the overwhelming Im portance of the common principles of their belief. KCheers.) The Bey. CW. Etah. Pastor of the Church, was then called on, and made the following report :—The Committee of the Stow Memorial Church have thought it desirable that afewftcta relative to the origin and progress or the movement should be laid before this meeting. This I will endeavor to do as briefly as possible. Shortly after the lamented death of Mr-Stow the Idea was entertained of electing a monument to his memory of a somewhat costly character, and which should be simply and exclusively a memento to Us worth. With that idea In that form some of as did uut sympathise. We fisttthat such a monument would lack cuagiialy with bis life and character as a nrfntator. When, however, the idea was modified, and it was resolved to erect a monument of a simpler kind at the grave, ftH?l ft? fHi* th? miT^mnni ?f ?rt?uirlriHnn BUOuId be bulf a guinea, we agreed to the proposal; feeling fast that would not Impoverish our friends and prevent the erection of a more Important memorial which should have a visible relation to the alms and objects of his life, and contribute to the furtherance of the great work to which bis energies were consecrated. It was our conviction tbat there could not be amore fitting memorial of Mr. Stow than a tfaored edifice where tile church, which during a pastorate of nearly 30 yean, had been the object of bis deepest solicitude, ahould worship—where the truths and principles which he bad so ably advocated should be maintained and propagated. This conviction was strengthened by our knowledge of the . fact that thf erff* B"**8 "** "f W?F I"M^"7 <n unniMftHnn with toe old church, was with Mr. Stow, for some time before his death, a matter of earnest desire and hope. The proposal to crest such a memorial edifice was therefore brought before tiMi ohnrcfa and congregation, mvtA there prevailed a happy rtfgrff of unanimity Tr**"!? '*? -Persona connected with other churches and riMinminstlong expressed their sympathy with the movement and their readiness to assist In farther ing it A Committee was formed and contributions solicited. An acre of land was secured In a very eligible situation, and at a very reuonable price. Designs for die building were called for, and tbat or Mr. B. G-. Thomas was selected as being, on the whole, most in accordance with the views of the Committee. The style is Gothic, of the early period of Eng land, with forms adapted from French. Italian, Gothic, ""?>?*??< to suit the eOnutc and our Protestant worship. The celling wfll be hexagonal, and the upper portion will be nearly flat. The height of the ceiling from the floor at the nave will be *3 feet There will be a rise in the floor of 18 Inches. The platform will be at the north end opposite the •ntranoe, and . from the arrangements of the Church there will be no seats without a view of the minister. There will be three vestries attached. On the eastern side, where the foundation stone has been laid, a tower and spire of cut freestone will rise to the height of 170 feet, the lower part of the tower forming an additional entree. The contract for the building, by H"e"??? & Brown, Is .£7.650, which includes the lower portion of the tower to the springing of the roof. The utarsal fittings, architect's coaintisshiu. and other neoes aary "p——, will increase that sum to about £8,600. The asms leurived and promised towards the object up to the present time amount In round numbers to £4.300. or this we have raid £1,000 for the land, reducing the amount to £1300. We require, therefore, at least £6,000 to render the bufldingfltfor occupation. From this we may perhaps deduct the value of the present property, which would reduce that mm to about £3,600. To finish the spire about £1,(00 more will be required, and without the spire the memorial would look very incomplete. (Hear, hear.) And again, school looms must be provided, so that I hare scarcely the courage to express In figures the total amount that will be required to complete the undertaking. But I have great faith In our generous friends,-whose hearts are in the work, that with a- UtUe brotherly help from members of other churches they will fully accomplish what they have begun, and that they will not suffer such a building to groan under a heavy debt We have received a noble contribution of £830 from Mr. Blimey, which be obtained for as by bis personal exertions. (Cheers).- Our wmellfnt friend, Mr. Hopkins, of Hobart Town, has sent us £?0. Our Sydney friends at Pitt-street, whose praise for liberality Is in all our ahnmhaa, in all Aus tralia and Britain, sent us a very hand Borne contribution for an the occasion. There Is another gentleman who deserves mention on this occasion—one of the most excelled of the _. good—and under whose hospitable roof Mr. Stowfell asleep. John Fairfax, whom I refer to, is on our list of subscribers. Borne gentlemen In this colony from whom we expected aid withhold aa jet their sympathy from the movement Occa sionally a remark appearing to as unkind and uncharitable has been made to the effect, for instance, tbat we are seeking to get other people to build a Church for us. We certainly aeck the help of others, as we have rendered help to others in times past. (Cheers.) But when I state that the mem bers of the Committee alone, numbering about 20 gentlemen, ban subscribed £2/100 towards this object—nearly one half of the entire amount obtained—and that they have it in their hearts to do still more, I think the fact is sufficient to clear m from any unfriendly Imputations of tbat kind. We ear nestly hope tbat this meeting will not be allowed to pass without some considerable progress made towards the attain ment of out object The Bey. J. Gahdner Bald he had listened with pleasure to the remarks of the Chairman upon toleration, and he thought that principle was well demonstrated by a Presby terian being the first called upon to address them. He had always looked upon Presbytery as the scaffold necessary for the erection of the building, and never since landing In the colony had he attempted to prove that it was the building ltsel£ He was a Free Bresbyterian, and they would see that be made good use of his freedom. (Laughter.) He was delighted to hear that the spire was to be so high, although It entirely threw his own into the shade. His tower, how ever, could boast of the most useful object In the city, telling whloh way the wind blew. (Laughter.) He would, however, now come to the resolution whloh he bad to propose, and which was—"That this meeting would de voutly acknowledge the measure of Divine blessing vouch safed to the latora of this Chnreh in past years, and would cherish the hope that the sanctuary about to be erected for its use will prove the means of extending Its usefulness, and of advancing the interests of our common Christianity." He expressed his pleasure in being asked to move anything which bore upon It the stamp of orthodoxy, and he was Bore that resolution did. In Hie first place it acknowledged the Divine blessing which had hithertoattended the Charon. He was sure that the trainers of the motion did not underrate tfat church organisation, although that was but of secondary *" importance to the goodness vouchsafed by God. The act of that day showed that they did not overtook the fact that to God the praise was due. but were anxious to extend his cause. The experience of that church bad, be supposed, been similar to that or others. There had no doubt been times of sunshine and cloud, atom and calm, and although they might have beenlcalled on to lament for backsliders and lukewarm believers, they attU bad the proof that Ood bad been and was with them. That bunding was certainly a very plain one, and though it bad not the dim religious light of aomo of the old eoclesl astieal structures, it had a better light—the light of God— and It bad been recorded of it tbat this and that man were born there. A building might become a thing of the past, and the edifice in which they then stood was a monument o! the poverty and the piety or its founders. At the time when all connected with it were saddened by the blow whloh came apon them, it was a happy thought whloh struck them, not to build a monument to their pastor In brass or In stone, but to erect a church which should bear the name of one whose labors bad been so useful and successful, and also afford Jin oDoortanity for persons to worship and to seek the Lord. Theseeond part of the resolution expressed a hope that the new sanctuary would be useful in advancing the Interests \- of Christianity. The ohuroh worshipping in that building would, be hoped, be more blessed by the King or the Church, andhe trusted that in the new building many would be enonirfM their way Zlonward, and have their faces turned thither He could not forget that there were other gentle nantofoUow him. and especially one who had come from a dUtanoe. He was pleased that hU presence Indicated that the churches were booming more alive to the wantsof these colonies, and Instead of sending out little men suoh as the one who was Breaking to them-{laaghter)-Uiey dlspatohed men of a commanding appearance, who at any rate woui occupy a large apace In the piJMlo eye. (Load laughter and cheers.) Mr. C. Todd seconded the resolution, and in dolog so h was glad to think it was not necessary to occupy their time to anytength, as he was a man rather of action than of words, and the motion bad been so ably placed before the meeting. They all looked with interest to the remarks of their friend who had come so far to address them, and he aaould therefore not detain them. That the Divine bleulng bad been poured out upon tbat Churofa was testified by the actOwy bad don* that day, for they bad oommtnped a work ; which would require seal and perseverance, And liberality ti ; complete, and the Divine blessing would attend them Ifthsj ; only obeyed the teachings and precepts of the gentlemai | whose name they revered, and who. U t? conk look down upon the proceeding of the day, would rejoice at the consummation of a good work ec far as to lay the foundation stone of a new Church While walking to the meeting that evening a Bingulai coincidence occurred to him. In earlier days when th< philosophy of the skies was not so well nnderstood, oometc were nnderstood by some to portend danger, and by othen to foretel some hapy event In the year of oar Lord 65 s comet like a sword appeared over Jerusalem, and the enemy outside thought it portended the destruction of the temple and of Jerusalem, while the Jews looked upon it as the harbinger of God foretelling their deliverance. That cornel was Identified with the destruction of Jerusalem, bat they had a comet this year, and let them hope that it portended future sucoeBS to the Stow Memorial Church and those assaciated with It They desired to show a* example to their friends at North Adelaide, who had built their church by piecemeal, and this would require a Ions pull, and a strong pull, aud a pull all together; but if they zealously gave their hearts to the work they would be sure to suc ceed. The Choir, under the direction of Mr. James Shakespeare, sang in an effective style the well-known but beautiful anthem "Blessed be Thou." The Bev. Johx Gbaham of Sydney, who was warmly cheered on rising, was called upon to move the second resolution. He said he did not know how it was, but he felt a very solemn tender feeling steal over his heart as be thought of the proceedings of that day, and or the meeting in which they were engaged. When he stood that day on the spot where the foundation stone was laid, and saw snob a number of brethren of different denominations mettogethei to manifest their onion with each other as members o! Christ's great body—the Church -and to do honor to the memory ofthat noble man whom God had taken from among them, he felt It a very tender and subduing scene; and as he looked around him and saw the folds of Old England'! flag *MHp? over them, his heart leaped no with gratitude 1c God that they were under the banner of Queen Victoria— under the symbol of the greatest power at present on the earth, and the best—the friend of liberty and the friend ot man. (Cheers) He thought how happy It was to be under that flag compared with being under those of some othei nations. The tricolor of Franoe ooourred to him, and when he thought of the scenes enacted on the Loyalty Islands; the atrocities perpetrated on the missionaries; the dosing of the chapels and the turning of them into restaurants for the officers; the using ol bells whioh had been presented by Christian friends in England to announce the hour of worship, for calling the soldiers to mess. When he thought of all this sacrilege and desecration which had been perpetrated by the French, hU heart gave gratitude to God that this mighty continent ol New Holland was under the flag of Britain, and not ol France. cPIaadits.) And when he thought of Sew Zealand and Tasmania being under the same flag, he felt glad thai there were few islands tor other nations to lay hold of; bul here the Anglo-Saxons had liberty, knowledge, and religion, and If they did not develop themselves nobly It was theli own fault. He was glad to see the exhibition of Christian union he saw that evening. For his own part he should tx verv much ashamed to look with an Invidious eye upon Presbyterians when he remembered the grandeur ol their history and then: present proportions, lest he ahonld catch the eagle- like glanoe of Knox and the Covenanters as they Bald—"Shame upon yot if you despise the system whioh we defended and which, by the grace of God, male us what we are." H< dared not look with unkindly eye upon the Episcopalians with their magnificent cathedrals. Did he do so he should hear the upbraiding echoes tt Ridley, Iatimer. and Cranmer as they sang through the grand old strains-** Thou art the King oT Glory, ohChrist; thouarttae Son of the Everlast ing Father." He dared not look with an invidious eye upon Wtaleyanism, Methodism, or whatever name that great out burst of relUdoue revival was called, or ha should hear the voice of Wesley saying In his ears— " Letjparty names and flections Call, AndJesus Christ be all in all." (Cheers.) If he dared to look at his Baptist brothers uncharitably tile words of Banyan would be brought against him:—"Pilgrims walk In the straight way. and don't (all out of It till von reach the Celestial City." (Cheers.) Bat they all had noble faots in their history, and noble principles to act upon; and. as the Chairman had so truly Bald, the great matters in which Christiana agreed were so overwhelming In Impor tance that the little minor matters shrunk into Insignifi cance. (Applause.) When they looked at Hie work to be done In that country—when they looked upon the work God had before them In the islands of the Pacific he felt that there was no time for party squabbles- little controversies about minor matters. Nelson, on one occasion, when one of bis eaptalnB had had a dispute with his commander, told him that there was no time for Britons to squabble when the enemy were drawn np la line In front of them; and so It might be said of them. When they looked at the lines of the enemy drawn up 'against them, and remembered that they wete the soldiers of Jesus Christ who had to oppose and overcome that enemy, there was no time for party conflicts, when the great consolidated foe was before them. He then referred to a deeply interesting meeting which had been held in Sydney, when the-Mlnisters of most of the religious denominations met together in united fellowship at the Lord's table; and he remarked that although he had attended many meetings In I/ondon, he had never attended a meeting which he thought was more in advance of the past than (bat gathering. He had never been in a meeting where the spirit of Christ seemed to prevail more, and where parties felt It good to be there. Some of them even ?*m?rfcprt that if ever they were to be suddenly called away they should like to be summoned after such a meeting as that. It was put into their hearts to contribute-to the missionary ship Dayspring, which h?d just arrived from the islands, and £12 was raised amongst them. He recom mended the friends in Adelaide to have united communions, when brethren of the Church could meet around the emblems of the broken body and ened blood of Christ But he was notgolng to preach to them as to what they should do. Ha had been asked to say a few words on a subject which many would think be was forgetting. The resolution he had to move was as follows :—?'That this meeting re gards with aatismcrion and thankfulness Hie provision made for religious worship and teaching in this city, and would earnestly solicit co-operation for the erection of a sanctuary In association with the memory of one who labored so faith fully and successfully for the best Interests of the colony." Now there were two points that they might dwell on for a moment. The first was the satisfaction at the provision made for religious worship, and t?n?*iti g In the city. Well, oertalnly. he had been In no city In the AnstraUas where such provision was made for religious worship and teaching as In Adelaide. He had been in cities where he saw more theatres, more public-houses, more literary institutions; but for the population he had been in no town where he saw so many and such respectable houses of God. He thought that was a tribute which they paid to themselves. He considered that these bore testi mony to the natural religiousness of the human soul There was a natural religiousness of the human souL Some persona said that the whole of religion - was a Anunped np and asked with tidioule— what are these priests and these artificial things? Bat he maintained that to leave out the philosophy of the human soul and its religious elements would not be a greater mistake than for a geographer to leave oat of his map a continent or the intellectual faoultles in the psy chology of the reUptona man. The first relation man sus tained was that to his Creator, and the principal relation which he conld sustain. Preeminently it was with God they had to do, and they had to do forever. The greatest struc tures ever built in the world had been religions edifices; the greatest books ever written bad been religions books —from the religions books of the East to the Bible now in their pulpits; the greatest wan in the world had been concerning religion; the greatest men God had ever sent into the earth had been animated by religion as their mainspring of action—Milton and Newton bowed before God with profoundest reverence, and they were not the least among earth's greatest men. And if It was a good thing to see an Exchange where men transacted their temporal busi ness, it was a better thing to see a Church where men en gaged In their eternal interests. It was a good thing to see stores and granaries, but It was a better thing to see the Bouse of God where the bread of Ute was broken. If it was a good thing to see the Institutes for secular Instruc tion, it was better to see the house of wor ship where that knowledge which was eternal Ufe was :communloated to the sonl The religious aspect of man was the brighest and beat It was something like the sunflower. In the morning, when the dlso of the flower was turned to the son, all was opaque and dark be hind; but If they went to the other side they would see the brightness and beauty unfolded there. And so it was with the human souL It was a good thing to meet men In the halls of oommeroe; but there they were only citizens of .the earth. When they came Into the House of God they ceased to be citizens of the earth and became nm?fn^ of Heaven; the light of the Sun of Righteousness beamed upon them, and every heart would unfold Itself to His gracious Influences. They should rejoice, therefore, in seeing such Christian structures in that oity. But let them make a right use of their Houses of God. fie should be sorry to borrow from any denomination -. bat if there was anything from the EpIsoopaUan form of worship he should like to borrow It was the silenee, the reverence, and the response In the House of God. (Cheers.) He abominated the sight of people talking at the porches. Let there be no whispering In God's House; no Irreverence, or irregu larities. Worship was the supreme privilege of the soul, and let eye, heart, and voice and spirit be concentrated In that worship. He also enjeined punctuality in the attend ance of hearers at places of worship, and expressed pleasure that the resolution referred to those sanctuaries aa houses ot instruction. He did not believe the House of God was only for worship. Worship might be a dark and blind thing If it was not guided by Christian truth. Scotland stood pre eminent In the Intelligence of its Inhabitants, because the ministers there combined Instruction with worship. This taught ministers a lesson. If they were idle and sleepy in the study—It they cared more for their vineyards than for their cougregatlon-the people would surely find it out and go elsewhere—seek, teachers who woold Instruct, them with greater power. It became them aa teachers to keep in the van the intelligence of the people, and to beckon them to follow rather than the people ahonld precede them. The latter part of the resolution solicited coopera tion for the erection of a sanotnary to the memory of their late pastor, and he was glad to hear Mr. Evan's remark of the unwillingness of the congregation to appeal to others. The thought, however, had gtrnckhlm— what must become or that place of worship when the new sanctuary was completed T Surely It would not be turned Into mercantile stores. He thought the Christian public had here an opportunity of doing a noble thing—that was to save effectually that building for the purposes of Christian instruction, either by means of the Sabbath sohool, lectures on religious subjects, or other similar means of usefulness. He then proceeded to remark that they would all have to pat their hands Into their pockets to build their new ohuroa. It must be done perso nally and celf- denyingly, and as In the sight of Jesus Christ their Master, or it would linger as a arag on their Wheels, a discouragement to their minister, and a pnbUo attestation to the folly which began to build, and was not able to finish. He hoped they would enter Into the work heartily, and that it would be effectually done. He gave some particulars illustrative of the liberality of his oongre gatton in Sydney on a reoent proposal to enlarge Pitt street chapel, and stated that the sum or £3.600 was sob scribed and paid for the land alone, one of the donations being£1,600. IfsuohaepiritofUoeralityasthiawasshown by the friends of the present cause the Stow Memorial Church would soon be erected free from Indebtedness. He hrew out the suggestion that there was sufficient union and atholicity of spirit among the various Churcqes to induce ihem to give one Sabbath's collection towards ft sanctuary rhlohwas to be erected as a memorial to one whom they dlso loved and esteemed. The reverend gentleman pro seeded In happyand vigorous language to enforce upon his ludienoe the principle Jof working earnestly on behalf of the undertaking they had that day commenced, reminding them that It would stir their life's blood and eouls more than mere doctrines would ever do. He would urge them 01 to work for God. It was something with man as It was in nature—everything bad something to give and diffuse ; ind if they did not do this they sustained injury and denied rood. In the words of WUoox— " Would'st thou from sorrow find a sweet relief. Or Is thy heart oppressed wtth woes uutoM!; Balm would'at thou gather from corroding grief— Four blessings round thee like a shower of gold; 'Us when the rose Is wrapped In many a fold Close to its heart the worm is wasting there Its life and beauty. Not when all unrolled Its bosom rich and fair. Poors fully its perfumes throughout the ambient air." He deprecated selfishness, and said It won]d never make l man happy, but would shut np his heart against the breath of heaven which would kill the worm that snaked out the life-blood of his happiness. But let him open his heart to God and man and like the expanded rose there would be beauty and fragrance where otherwise there would be death and decay. He expected the congregation to do their duty nobly. If every member worked heart and hand—prayerfully and liberally, unitedly and affectionately—they would see the Stow Memorial Church rise in Its beauty, and with free and glad hearts they would worship God within ite fair propor tions, feeling that they owed no man anything, and that all they had to do was to lore one another. In the meantime, he trusted the other Chrbtian brethren of other denominations would show their respect for the memory of one of theli noblest colonists -Die Mend of freedom, the friend of God, and the friend of man. (Load and prolonged cheers.) Mr. B. A. Tabltom seconded the motion, and remarked, that many or them had witnessed wtth no ordinary joy the ceremony pf that afternoon—a ceremony to which memory would gladly flee, as it would prove a sunny spot that nom would be willing to forget. (Hear, hear.) He maintained tort be wbo honored a gnat and good man 414 honorfc himself. (Hear, hear.) It was like mercy, blessing both him who gave, and be who received. He (Mr. Tarlton) should be doing violence to his better nature if he refused publicly to express the profound admiration with which he regarded the memory of Thomas Qulnton Stow. (Cheers.) He came to the colony—after having gone to the other provinces—a man broken down in health, and there was a physician present who would not give him a certificate for twelve months. Bnt un known to anybody one of Jthe rgreatest and best men of the colony—Mr. Stow—found him oat, and came to him in a time of surging trial and Borrow, and spoke words nto his ears which his memory would never forget—words which he always associated with bis noble heart and nil equally noble countenance. (Applause.) The ultimate fruits of such a life as Mr. Stow lived would require generations to unfold to maturity. Far down in the bine waters of the PaoUu Ocean there were little workers that weie constantly making deposits and bonding calls. One died and another succeeded, and millions even perished without any visible result The foundation was surely and certainly being laid. Invisible to the human eye —Imperceptible to them—the coral reef gradually rose until it stood erect above the ocean, and hurled back with giant-force the waves that lashed against It In process of time the winds wafted, and birds carried seeds across the ocean and dropped them upon this rock, where upsprung grass, the banana, the ooooanut tree, and other troploalevegtation. At length m?n sought his home there, and planted blmself beneath the grateful shade of the luxuriant trees, so that on that very spot where at times the ocean was lashed into a tempest, or at other moments slept like a burnished minor, reflecting objects of exquisite beauty—there, on that very spot, >t tills hour, there were hundreds of Christian homes eendingnp an audible voioe of praise dally into the ear of God. vast as was this change in the physical economy of nature, he held that it was no greater than the change which Mr. Stow bad wit nessed from the time of his arrival in the colony to the period when he died a successful minister of the troth. The forest had given place to the vineyard, the fruitful field, and the thronged city. Temples of worship met the eye, and senates, warehouses, and banks bore their testi mony to the progress which had been made. The very sands upon which their departed friend trod, and which tor ages had only been marked by the ripple of the ocean and the occasional footprints of the wild sea-bird, now formed the promenade where Invalids delighted to drink In health, and where the little child leved toTjuild Its mimlo castle of sand. These things were but the types and symbols of the matured spiritual changes which Mr. Stow looked npon. He had laid in the heart or Sonth Australia the principles of freedom and righteousness whloh it would require ages yet unborn to work Into beauty and give them exquisite finish. (Applause.) If he had done deeds like this ought they not to honor him? Egypt Persia, and Paris had raised magnificent monumentajto the memory of their Illustrious dead. They, however, did not aak them to erect a oolumn or ardte de triumph*; bnt a temple to the living God. A column would be useless, and an arche de triumphe would not serve the purpose they had In view; they asked for a temple In which there should be the true Bethsalda, where the halt, and the blind, and the maimed could receive a heavenly healing. Now they asked that night for their hearty and cheerful co-operation In the work. They did not ask a bankrupt to give, but only those who bad abundance, and who would give cheerfully out of that abundance. In conclusion, he asked that they would make their previous promises and contributions appear as brass and Iron—oslng the words of prophecy—compared with the gold and silver which they were willing to poor into the House of God. (Plaudits.) The collection was then made, and the anthem " The Lord Is King" was very excellently sung. Mr. K. A. Tahlton said he had been requested by the Committee to state that the sale of tickets had realised £20. the trave £11, and the collection that night £68—making- a total of £10*. which they regarded only a drop compared with the ocean which they expected to get lie then an nounced that as that was a favorable opportunity, collectors would pass down the aisles to obtain promises of sums whloh any persons might wish to give. After some Interruption, occasioned by the collection, the Chair man announced that the third resolution, which it was intended the Bey. 3. Jeflerlt should move, and the Bey. J. Lyall eeoond, was allowed to elapse. The motion whloh they were to have spoken to Jwas as fol lows:—?' That this meeting would rejoice In any existing Indications of a closer union and more cordial fellowship between different sections of the Church of Christ, and earnestly prays that the progress of troth and charity may destroy the evils of sectarianism, and tbat In this favored community may be seen the goodly spectacle of * brethren dwelling together in unity.'" The Bey. J. Macohan then moved the third resolution, aa follows—"That the thanks of this meeting are due, and are hereby cordially presented to the ladles for their exer tions In providing the tea, to His Honor the Chief Justice for presiding, and to the choir for their services." He ex pressed regret that the meeting had lost the speeches or Mr. Jefferls and Mr. Lyall. but said he felt glad of being present, because it gave him the opportunity of doing homage to the memory of one whom he bad not the pleasure of knowing; but whose praise was in ail the Churches, and whose name would live in connection with the ecclesiastical history of the colony when they had passed Into ?eternity. He was also pleased In attending that meeting, besides it gave an opportunity of associating himself with the festivities connected with one of the oldest and most Important churches of the colony. Another source of pleasure In being present was to evince his sympathy for that Chorch. and with every other Christian effort which had for its object the extension of Christ. Mr. Tarlton had said they dli not wish to erect an arche de triamphe; but as the roof was to be. hexagons' they would at any rate have a hexagon de tnumphe. He trusted that the friends of the cause would continue to eontribnte towards the building, reminding them tbat in so doing they were doing bonor to themselves. He humorously alluded to the assistance of the ladies, and referred to the honor which was conferred npon the Chnrcb. by tnelr having the Chief Justice as one of the members o the congregation, so able and so willing to preside at meetings like that He wished that he and the Wesleyaus had a Chief Justice in each of their congregations. The Choir had discoursed to them delicious'music and deserved equally with the others a vote of thanks.' Mr. G. A. Lloyd, of Sydney, In a few appropriate words, seconded the motion, but before sitting down Bald he should not like to leave the colony without doing something for the proposed Memorial Church. If, therefore, nine gentlemen would subscribe £20 each by next Thursday, when he would leave, be would consent to make the tenth. (Cheers.) The motion was carried, and suitably acknowledged by His Honor the Chief Secretary. The Bey. C. W. Evas mentioned that belhad received that evening a cheque of £10 as a thank offering from a person belonging to another Church, and added that if any others wished to eignlly their gratitude in a similar way the Committee would lie happy to afford them a channwl through whloh that gratitude might flow. The Doxology was sung, after which the Bey. J. Graham pronounced the Benediction, and the proceedings, which were mott auspicious from beginning to end, terminated. 