VINE-GROWERS IN OLD LANDS. It it unfortunately only too true a Baying that one hali of the world does ] not know how the other half lives, and it, is true of other lives titan of great cities alone. The gulf between rich and poor j is nothing to the vast interspace between ] the producers of one country and the consumers of another. The Irish of the olden time who respected the pig as " the gentle a an that pays the nnt," never ' dreamed of tasting him in the shape of ] pork, and must have had curious ideas of the appetites and means of the Saxon eaten. The good old lady imbibing I bohea in a select village circle would be rather astonished by a sudden interview with John Chinaman's family who had grown it for her. Stranger still the contrast between the privileged men of | nobility and purse, who sip the Cham pagne, Burgundy, Lafitte, and Tokay, and the over-roaateu snipes of peasants who work from five yean old to three score to tear the said wines out of biasing soil. He men who drink the wine and the men who wlw it know as much of each other as if they lived in separate planets, and have as little curiosity for mutual know ledge. Yet they might do wone than in terchange a few notions j each lean a thing or two, and if it did not pull the rich man down, it might j help to poll the poor man np; of sooth, j he wants it sorely. life among the vines > out oft" to those who have to live out of the vine* is no joke. I take it, more nonsense has been : talked, among Englishmen at least, about Tines and wine than any other subject, even politics. We have had, it is true, the sneeches of senates and parliaments for tSebaitwo hundred years; but on the other hand have we not bad Exeter Hall P The juice of the beautiful tree which ( Isaiah sang and Our Saviour blessed is an j abomination and a desolation, a howling, and a corse to many thousands of very worthy and particularly obtuse indi viduals. The common notion on the other hand, I do not say among eolo-, nies, for we are beginning all to know j something more or less about them, but among the stay-at-home English, is about j as unfounded. Grapes to them are the 1 napes of Covent Garden ; vineyards are long alcoves of green roofed over; mile j upon mile, with pendent clusters of grapes,, and vignerons are picturesque group* of dark-eyed maidens in coquettish straw hats and abort pettiooats, who are ever lastingly billing, cooing, or dancing with romantic corsair-like youths in parti- , coloured tunics. Here and there, and I for a week or two, the notion nrgea on truth. The Italians, who do not a* a rule, except in the north, trouble them selves much about anything, make very bad wine, but grow very good grapes, and their vineyards are really poetical though the produce is dubious. It it 1 tact to tur - - - _ great fact to turn in out of the biasing sunshine into the cod vistas , of the vine*, and bask in the green twi-i light as in the aisles of a natural eathe-■ dial. It is a greater to see a Roman or Neancditan vintage, where from the large eyed oxen winch draw the car (the same beautiful cattle by-the-by, from which Homer gives to his Goddess what most teem to northern readers the qoeer; epithet of the eow-eyed) to the heaped up fruit which clusters it, and the joyous group {hat with aong and timbrel dances round it, the whwe eortito see mi as if it had stepped oat of * feast of the Bacchantes two thousand yean ago. Bat Own your Italian is not a vine* ] grower by profession, and a wine-maker ] in a very amall sense. He is a man Of many small industries, *o far as he con SSSi j ofthemTlr W wins-is good, Jpl t*r, fcnd Are to in BogMitaiftn thorou&K; temperance drink* The cawU tiie u£m ^{■B'SrtfSSgJR drink with. Good trine oomes from thought end herd work, and the reel power of good qualities, on the average u an overworked and eare-liden nun: ' Perhaps the greatest sham in all the*, mattorau the Bhineland. lt is them. first, the poeta have, at any rat. made it so. But, to come to feet! there are very Sew of thkmany hhn. dreds of thousands of. travellers who vi, w.rcuon wno annually steamupand down theBhinobnt. if they confessed the truth, would be in! dined to put down the Bight Honourable George Noel Gordon, Lord Byron, u an land goes. It is a pitiable sight to tee the papss and mamas trying hard to be sentimental and romantic about the his toric crags and crumbling ruins, and at last honestly subsiding into outlets and claret. Young ladiea with their sketch books get on bettor, as there are plenty of impressible young gentlemen to escort them: and a ramble about an old castle gives better opportunities for flirting eved* than a pio-nio. But ninety-nine out of a hundred race through the classic region es fast as they may, and are only too nis exaggeration. - xne earned crags and walls " where rain greenly dwells,' are still there, more or lees, hut a great deal of the rat only existed in the noble poet's fancy—or, in rough language, the writer lies. The smiling peasant girts, «, endhandi that V with deep bine eyes, and hands that offer early flowers, never lived out of dream land. A blue-eyed girl hardly exists on the Bhine, where the eyes are ul black or brown; the womankind have copper skins tough as wash-leather, and legs like baluster* : their garb is one of rags and patches i and though they certainly offer flowers, they always expect a shilling for a penny's worth, u'd are jjowwfol in refused. The hawks and vultures circling the mountain tope have long ago vanished, to give way to the vultures of the hotels and that choice spooimen of the Affable Hawk a courier ana guide, who will show you everything for a considera tion, and always comes with the best of recommendations. 8 till, when the Ckilde Harold was written things in some re spect bore out the eloquent description, and the old dreams of romauoe lingered about the medieval river. The shriek of the locomotive and pant of the steam en gine were then unknown,- the traveller oriftcdlaiily down thecnrrent,»oeing reach after reach opening and needing in mimic panoramas, with the primitive villagei nestling snugly under the shadow of their feudal strongholds, vegetating quietly in utter ignorance-of the outer world. It was very eaay then to listen comfortably to legends about ghosts and baron*, peer lesaneeutie* and spectre bridegrooms, demon ibunters, gnomes and oobolds, and all the machinery of legendary super stition which atill lumbers up a genuine believ German brain. Who can believe in su perstition now, seated in the bran-new hotel, with aods.water, lemonade, and English porter ticketed on tjie walls, and waited onbyaglib waiter of undeniable Cockneyism r Tne age for romance is past, and all that is left w vital interest in the "BhipeUnd is the actual life of its very cnrkmi noniuition. PiKMO. (2b be (wffwri.) 