PARLIAMENT OF VICTORIA. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. Tuesday- 2.r»Tir Jrw The President took the eiialr at 21 minutes past 4 o'clock, and road the usum form «f prayer. SESIUXATIOX OP V ttddww. The PRESIDENT announced the receipt „f a communication from his Excellency to Ua effeet thst the Hon. Matthew Horvoy's re«ig nation had been received, and a writ issued for tho election of his successor, returnablo on th. 2nd September next. i rArnns. j Mr. COLE laid on tlie table a roturn wllh refcrenco to the naval and seaboard defences «f the colony; a copy of a despatch from tha Secretary of Stato for the Colonies with reference to the mall service ; report of tho Bunrd of Edn.' cation, and aocounts of Trade and Customs fn>T 1864. sigi1t3 ard pritilegiks OF 'TUB judges ' A message was received from bis Excolloncv regretting that, without violation of all recog nised rules, ho could not furnish copies of any minutes or enclosures that accompanied the ui.,,1, .v. mo vjcwic vm jr ui oiuie wun reterenco to the modo of correspondence to be followed by tho Judges, unless he was made aware that pub licity had been given to tbem by the Secretary ofBtate. . . customs bill, 1864. A message was received from his Excellency stating that he was not aware that any minutes or correspondence passed between tbo Governor the members of the Government and the Secret tary of State, with, reference to the Customs Bill, 18G4. His Excellency took the oppor tunity of remarking that it would be inconsistent with the principles of responsible Government that publicity should bo given to such communi cations. Mr. COLE, in answer to Mr. Hioiictt, said that the despnteh on the subject ho referred to would be laid on the table befofo the close of the session, but he was not in a position to say on which day. fbtitioks. Petitions ngsinst the now tariff were pre-' aeuted by Mr. Fbaser from the Chamber o Commerce ; Mr. Fblloyvs, from 24,000 in habitants of .the celony; Mr. Fitzgerald from 7G5 clerks, salesmen, and others; Mr. Higijbtt, frqm 44 inhabitants of. 'Mansfield > Mr. Stkaciiax, from five Importing firms in Melbourne) Mr. Sladen, from certain ware housemen and importers in Melbourne. Petitions ' in favour of tho tariff wcro presented by Mr. JeKNBB, from 1600 inhabitants of East Mel bourne, another from 18C0 inhabitants uf West Melbourne, another from 4G0 inhabitaKte of Cluncs, another from certain inhabitants of Inverleigb, another from certain residents at Mount Clear in tho North West Province, and another from tiie Richmond Branch of the Protection League of Victoria; Mr. M'Crae, from 2500 inhabitants of North Melbourne; another from 3000 inhabitants of Colllngwood and Fitzroy, another from 300 resi- dents at Brunswick; Mr. Highett, from 150 inhabitants of Wangaratta; Mr. Strachan, from certain Inhabitants of Geelong; Mr. Pet- tutt, from certain farmers and residents at Gisborne. A petition presented by Mr. Highett, signed by 150 inhabitants of South Gipps Land In favour of the tariff) was rejected in conse quence of an erasure. address of condolence to mrs. lincoln. On the motion of Mr. COLE, un address on tho subject of the assassination of Abraham Lin coln, late President of America, was read and adopted. Messages from the legislative assembly. Messages were received from the Legislative Assembly rctu-nlng the Imprisonment for Debt Bill ; transmitting certain amendments recom mended by the Governor in the Electoral BUI; and returning the Mint Bill with further amend- On tlie motion of Mr. COLE, they were ordered to be taken into consideration on the following day. APPROPRIATION-CUM-TARIFF BILL. The first two orders of tbo day being post poned on tlio motion of Mr. COLE, the order for the second reading of this measure was called on. Tho PRESIDENT, beforo the lion, member moved the order, thought it his duty to call the attention of the Counoil to tho 34th clauso of the Constitution Act (near, hear), also to the reso lution of tho 17th May last. The 34th clause of the Constitution Act was to the effect that until standing rules and orders had been adopted for the conduct of all business and proceedings In the Council and Assembly sevoraliy and collec tively, resort should be ltntl to the rules, forms and usages of the Imperial Parliament which should be followed so far as might be applicable. There were no joint standing orders regulating the proceedings collect! rely of tbo two bodies, so that tbey fell on the 34th Btanding order, which gave tliern the usage atd rules of the Imperial Parliament. (Hear, hear.) The bill then the order of the day embraced three distinct subjects. First, the Imposition of Customs duties; secondly, ' the alteration ef the gold duty ; and lastly, the appropriation of the votes and supply for the year 1605. It had been argued by some that those various matters being all of a finan cial character, it . was net in the nature of a taek. But he thought that it was a matter of notoriety that tho several matters had been connected by the express order of '.the Assembly. (Hear, hear.) It was also a matte# of notoriety thnt the object with which tbey were connected was the same as in tacks gene rally. (Hear, hear,) The question of terms was unimportant. Whether it was a taek or not was comparatively unimportant. (Hear, hear.) The real question was, whether tho measure complied with the rules, forms, and usages of the Imperial Parliament. (Hear, hear.) It would be In tho rsnnllcctfnn nf flint tanline.il that a select committee was' appointed to examine the journals of the Houso of Commons, and to look for precedents on tho subject. After a very careful deliberation tbey came to the conclusion thst within 150 years there was na Instance of any Appropriation Bill having tacked to It any foreign matter whatever. (Hear, hear.) It therefore appeared to him that the measure was la violation of the rules and usage of the House of Commons ; la violation of the resolution passed en the 17th May, nnd in violation, above all, of the 34th section of the Constitution Act. One further objection was thai if tho practice of connecting other matter to the Appropriation Act was permitted, the effect would he to abolish the right of veto that House possessed (Hear, hear), and which right was conferred in terms ns express, definite, and unambiguous as the right of the Assembly to originate money votes. Having thus ex- jjiwseu ,iii9 upiuiuuj auu uuiieu hue biiduviu' the House to the matter, he would leave it iu their hands. ' Mr. HIGHETT, after tho ruling of the President, would like to know whether it wo competent for tho House to separate the bill so as to pnss the Appropriation distinct from the tariff, as from his ruling lite bill was unconstitutional and contrary to the practice of Parliament. Every member was willing to pass the Appro priation Bill. (Hear, hear). They wished the country to understand that. The Council was also willing to deal with the tariff if it was sent up to them in a proper manner. It might be they would support it — he could not say — but they would give It every consideration. (Hear, hear.) The PRESIDENT did not think It was com petent for the House to separate tits bill. II 'he bill .was separated It would be pes9lblo for one part to pass and the other not. That would be nn amendment. Being a money bill an amend ment could not be mode. Mr. , COLE then moved the second reading of the- bill, He stfitl he h4 made the tariff " i - " „f study for "O"18 time- 11 tho hU"ory ClK- „. roa„ulci was looked to, It would be cfdifti."t «l,er0 "i""1"51' tariff T' pn?scd i , Iploynicut for people in all means and "hen a proper tariff was not » ' Lewes nothing but misery. Tn 1801 's „,rdit forward a motion with reforenco leh,'dS ut was ruled out of order, the "Sluon mowed by Mr. A'Btokett, on ' end tint such matters should be tbf ,g' , the other House, being carried. "6L however, agreed that a revision 11 1. tariff was necessary, but that 0 a revision elmuld be carefully at- "c ,Mi (Hear, hear.) He would there- 1 .sk them well to consider before they f»re T8riff Bill out of the House, let it ""Tin any shape it might. He 1lien referred to c, laoner in which tho spirit and wine duties ?«n encouragement to the growth of vises sthe making of wines. The tux of Od. per '"tlniioa beer had alao done good, whlio it woa i felt by any one on hie glass of beer. Tliere " 'turns on tbe table which would oonvinco "'""t sceptical that it was neceasary that ftirt»ld be lroPMcd' th,t peop,e in tie «frv might help themselves, and that they tht employ people in the country instead of ffljrllt r ___ . . Tito rfn + v nn 4nhaf»f»ft thoie of other coumnw. - -- — v — — "T 1,0 hd to employment in making cigars tobacco. It would be useless to go very ' urh into the tariff — (Mr. Fawknbr : Quite r<p!«sl— although lie could go on tbe whole lit He then referred to the benefits of Pro- Itlon in America. Immediately preceding the lusing ef a proper tariff in 1824, tbe value ol r real estate was 37,000, OOOdul., 'and after various flxctuations it went down to 31,000,000 an rs Then tbe tariff wan put on, and in four ITtt liad increased to 07,000,000dol. Such l«s the effict of a protective tariff. He did not Lltate to call It a protective tariff — It ought to i ueh He would have liked to have seen it nt fairly before the Council, and to ' have ifforded them an opportunity of showing a proper feeling and not to have given the necessity for Irineiug it «P » 8t PrMent- 11 notor!ou' 1 A was determined that the tariff should ho town out. He doubted it ; having a better ooinion of his lion, friends. It was a libel en (hem— they could not do it. It had been circu ited bv idle persons who knew nothing about the matter. He did not think that a matter of neb consequence would he dealt with In that lummary way. He again quoted Mr. Clay', roesch on American industry, and observed Sat such an authority was not to he trifled with. If this tariff was not passed, another imposing duties of 25 per cent, might be proposed, aisd what would those who were crying out about the 2i percent now Imposed say. If tbe country Wis to prosper, the population mustbeemployed. (Hear, hear.) There were 1000 boys at Sua- bmy that should be set to work la manufac tories. He could not do justice to the subject, bnt lie asked kon. members, who had betrayed themselves by expressing their determination before they came in to deliberate, to consider the ipeccb sf Mr. Clay, who, though an enemy ta England, was a great Statesman. He then ibo fnet of the tariff being introduced into the Appropriation Bill, and he reminded ion. members of the action ho had taken la asserting the rights of that House. He bad urged that, at a timo when I bey bad nothing to do a committee I 'should be appointed to consider their rights. I He looked upon it as a matter of expediency that I the tariff Bhould be passed in the Appropriation I Bill. In 1861 he had objected to the introduction I of a pesal clause into this Appropriation Bill, but I it was passed. In the same year he brought I forward a motion advocating the system cf exche- I quer bills as tbe proper mode of anticipating the I Appropriation Act, but then the hon. Mr. Fel- I lows and the lion. Mr. Bennett opposed the I principal portion of the motion, on the ground I that it was against a clause in the Constitution I Act for them to interfere with money bills. A I committee was appointed toscarch for precedents I and to report to tbe House on the best way to I anticipate .the Appropriation Act, but nobody I attended. He therefore contended that the I Bouse bod no right to alter its position and to I Interlere with a money bill. I . Jlr.JENNER seconded the motion. Sinee I bis eleetlon to tbe House two years ago, on I protection principles, he had devoted a portion of I his time to the advancement of those views, I which be believed would promote the prosperity I of the country, What he contended for was the I removal of the duties now levied on four nrticles I imported into the colony, which paid 20 per I cent, on their value, and which could not be I produced here, and to collect the same nmoHnt I from other articles which could he manufactured here. There would be no difficulty in following; I this course, for there would he no additional I talion involved. (Oh, oh.) The cost of living would not he one penny more ; it would injure; I no one, nnd would benefit every one. (Loud cries of "Ho.") He advocated the abolition of the wharfage rates, and that raw material should he imported free, and the manufactured article pay duty. He wanted the ports of the colony I is free os passible. (Hear, hear.) He desired that only those duties should he levied which would encourage our own Industries, and that I whatever money was collected should be ex- H pended on immigration ; for labour was wealth, and the more population wns in tho colony the I greater would he its requirements and its pros- perity. If they had had ten years ago Protec- 'ion, a liberal land system, and immigration, our H population would be double what it now was, and we ahouid have had at least L5, 600,000 more Is circulation. It urns impossible the country could H compete with older communities, where labour was cheap, and where perfect machinery was cm- I ployed, unices Ihe rate of wages was reduced to I the same low level : and if the colony was B brought to that position before it produced suf- Scieut tosaliefy its own requirements, the ar- mala would bo few, and the departures many. for every person who left his native land dld-so benefit his position, and he would go to the country where he thought he would receive the H greatest benefit. England was protected for I centuries, and so she laid the foundations of her nurafccluKg; and now, when she could com- I "b'b all the world, she wanted Free-trade in I ®ood3, f'o American Congress la 1821 a®P ted proteciion ; In 1836, direct taxation by the General Government, I si r nati011 1)811 becomo great aud powerful. n i! i. ,ape Good Hope, Csnsdo, and tho other """Ob possessions, had arisen from their Ignor- »cs and sloth, nnd were turning their aergiee to the development of their own I Iil0l:J,ces "8 denied that the present do- P'orable condition of the Now South Wales J"5" WM <l«a to Protection. On the con- I iin eoleny did net have so much protee- I ulu 'Ven We 'md' and ble prophesied that they I id 'laTC to "lpt a protective policy. a..T0.e 1,16 rcm,lrk of Jobn Stuart Mill, I m««i r ,ec"on WM on'y defensible in a young I mmuT'i th8t llon' ""arobeH who were I against th B J8 ni'llatry, and who would voto I : r'-"- that the employ- I tbetthe-rw."1"1 apttldwonW b injurious; I 'bat them «, mnnufnetures were an Injui y ; I ''lion or weaHh of'ei,Ce"lty t0 incre8se the PPU" i-». »eXi ,! UUtry- He challenged I bret as a,- answer these two questions: I the p rc1lired to raise a revenue from I these artini ' ,9, Pre'erable to raise it from I Protection !? ie would be encouraged by I by in 5 8 which would be discouraged I 'a kith V 6econdy' what were tliey to I '""'ions i,„, ri8lng ' generation ? These ' 11 "as said that th16"1 bC answerei yet- 'or revfiin„ .i lmI,ort duties could not be I butlblaho , , Prottlon at tho some lime, I bbassertlnn f a and referred, In support o Macco , 6 Present taxes on spirits, beer, I 'a who mi f , "Pbere were now 40,000 I biuintjg wi ® ke brought up to trades and I b"'1 Hie in!i f,re 'e' in ignoranco nud sloth. f'ople for ii, " Sclmols were a tax upon the I ''el a nr oP einp;oymeut. They were, I tTder tila. !,m um.'Q l)ys 1 commit crime, in I > uow -y m,8bt get a heme. The timo '"ike tj,e p®8 When they must endeavour to 11 to dwln.ii P y great nud prosperous, or allow wu '" ba tlie residence of a few importers Rnd consumeri. ("Oh, oh.") The Protectionists, be maintained, were actuated by the best wishes for the advancement of the colony ; the other clnsv had a Tory selfish, mean spirit, not worthy of them,. (" Oh, oh.") After alluding to thediminu'tlou of bullion in Ihe banks in 1884 as compared with 1854, lie expressed his regret that all the best uatlonal securities were pledged to tho English capitalists. The English National Debt was, satd to be tbe main stay of Great Britain, hut he should like to know What the position would be if that debt was pay able to France. Ho thought the Ministry wore deserving of great credit for the course they had taken in this matter. (No, no.) They had tho opinion of the country in their favour. (No.) And. whilst tho legislative Assembly supported them they ought to'teiarry" out tin wishes of the people. If there waa ii now election, nine out of every 10 members would be pledged to support them. Two to one of the Assembly had voted for the bill, and If that was not an expression of public opinion he would like to know what waa. If this tariff were rejected, and there waa an appeal to the country, 200 gentlemen had mado Hp their minds to form a league, nnd see if tho country was to rule, or a few selfish importers. A reform „UU.U uc ucu,»uucu m iue constitution of this House, by which power would bo obtained to dissolve it. (Ironical cheers.) Hon. members could not shut their eyea to the fact that if there was a dissolution now, many gentlemen would find It difficult to secure their re-election. If that opinion was disputed, lie would challenge any three other hou. members, one fir ench pro vince, Central, Southern, nnd North-Western, to resign with him, and test the feeling of the people. He should on this occasion claim the vote of Mr. Hull, who had waited en the Chief Secretary aome months since and apoken to him in favour of Protection. And he shsuld also claim the Yotea of the five lion, gentlemen elected last year, Messrs. Fitzgerald, Lowe, Miller, Pettett, and Murphy. Having made some further remarks In support of Protection, the speaker proceeded to say that If this bill were rejected a large amount of duties would have to be returned, and. if 10. thft TToimfl ttmnlil )\m parties to u swindle on the country. (" Oh, oh.") Were they to bring about a commercial crisis ? If there was an appeal to the country, or a resignation by the Ministry, it would take four roontlia before ther'o could he a new. tariff, and tbe country would lose about a million of money. (" No, no.") Tho stoppage of the public works would cause the ruin of many public contractors and civil servants. The rail- wayai would he stopped — (ironical laughter) — everything would be stopped, and it would take years before the machinery of Governmcut eould be brought into proper gear.' (Mr. Pawknbr: " Whosefsult?") If this House was prepared to take the responsibility of reject ing the tariff, it should also be prepared to form a ministry; and, without being personal, lie did not think any lion, member could form one. The only persons who complained against the > tariff were the soft goods-men, but the answer to them was that 4000 persons hod been employed' in that trade winne the tariff rsmetnln nnerattnn. The hen. member then queted " May's Con stitutional History," to show that the Upper; House had no control over money bills. Ho was personally In favour of the House having power to deal with money bills, but a bill would have to he brought in for that purpose. He trusted that the second reading would be agreed to, and that some hon. gentleman would then suggest a confersnce ' with the other Chamber. ("No, bo.") Mr. HULL denied that lie had ever promised to suppart the present tariff. He was in favour of Protection, but not of the mongrel measure which bad been sent up to them. Mr. FELLOWS said this bill came before tho Heuee under novel and peculiar circumstances. It was not a question of tariff, or gold duty, or appropriation, but of aU three combined, and was clearly a tack. It had been asserted that the Assembly had a right to mix up these three subjects, but that the exercise of the right was restrained by Parliamentary usage and custom. But he was at a loss to understand that, for it was the custom and usage which conferred the right. If the House looked at the 34th clause of the Constitution Act tbey would see that they were bound not by the usage of the House of Commons, - bnt by that of the Imperial Parlia ment Tbe ease of the paper duties had been cited in favour of the usage to mix up these mea sures. ' But in that instanco the question of the tack was never disputed. It was denied by every speaker in the Lords but one that tbe in cluding of the paper duties with the Customs duties was a tack. Mr. JENNEH: They accepted the bill, and we should do the same. Mr, FELLOWS: It was not a tack there, 1 and the Lords aceipted It; this is a iack, and we will reject it. (Hear, hear.) The House of Commons denied the right of tlie Lords to reject a money bill, but the Council, possessed that power by express enactment. He apprehended that the House was bound in this matter by the usage of the Imperial Parlia ment in 1855, and not of that of centurlm before, otherwise the rule applicable to moncyBbllls would apply to privileges, and people would be liable to be held guilty of contempt for fishing in a member's pond or taking a member's um brella, because those privileges existed a long time ago, thsugli they liad not been acted upon recently. In the same way, if a man was asked at what hour the House should meet, he would ha obliged to say 3 o'clock, because that was the hour three years ago. Or ' if he directed the Attorney-General to walk down ' Collins' street and keep his eyes open, and if on his return lie was asked if the fair Australians decked themselves with crinoline,, he might as well say no, because they did. not wear crinoline till after it was invented. (Laughter.) - So he' maintained that the House was not to look to the 18th and 17th centuries for precedents, but to late years. They would find that in 1807 a Malt Duties Bill, which had a provision relative to an Exchequer Bill, was rejected by tho LordB on the ground that it was a tnek. If that was cot a case in point, he did not know what was. In that Instance a money bill had been Included with the Malt Bill and it waa rejected. In an- ollier instance, a bill of a similar character was abandoned, and afterwards sent up by tlie House of Commons ts a new bill, without the objection able clauie. A similar occurrence took plaee in the neighbouring colony of New South Wales, when an objectionable clause wasstruck out by the Council, and when it was returned to tho Assem bly tho hill dropped. The simple question for them new, to determine was, not the usage of the House of Commons, but; of the Imperial Paflia- ment. Those usages prohibited bills having no proper relation to be Incorporated together. It might be said that the subjects were related, that it proposed to spend Ihe money to be raised, but anything might be tacked together lu that Way. There was no Instance to be found during the last 2?" Wbere an Appropriation Bill had contalned-otlier clauses' HaH W®re strictly appro priation. It seemed to him, also, Hist this bu. had come before them in a most questionable shape. The preamble appeared to he an address to some imaginary sovereign, nnd it went on to enn it Wn vim vnAmWfi nf ttlP t.# (viall) t( VA afl "w M — o — Bombly." That waa not tlie phraseology used in England, and- he scarcely knew what' waa meant by "the members of the Legislative Assembly," as they did not grant the supplies more'thau this House. All that they had got to look at was their Constitution Act, and the usage which was to be followed. He moved as an amendment: — " That aa by the 34th sec tion of the Constitution Act, the/rules, forms, and usBges of the Imperial Parliament ore re quired to be followed, so far as the same may be applicable to the proceedings of the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly respectively, until altered by some standing rule or order to ha adopted by both the said Council and As sembly, and as it is contrary to those rules, forms, and usages, which have not been, so altered, that any clause of appropriation should bo introduced into a bill of supply anil as this Bill of Supply contains a clause appropriating the supplies granted during the present session of Parliament for the service of tho years 1834 and 18o5, and, moreover, regulatcsHhc disposal of minerals in the waste lands of tho Crown, over which this House claims to exe: else equal powers with the Legislative Assembly, and therefore encroaches upon tlio just privileges pf .this House, the subject matters of this bill; be not considered until they arc comprised in separate measures ; add that this bill be now laid aside." Mr. FAWKNER, in seconding the amend ment, remarked that this was one of the most important questions which liad nrisen in the colony. It was not the tariff which they were celled upon te discuss, but tlie rights of these whom tbey represented. The members of the House represented the intelligence and intellect of the colony, and it was their duty to maintaiu tiie rights and privileges which they possessed. The Government af Ihe day had thought proper to Includo the Tariff with the Appropriation Bill, and a member of Ihe Government had the auda city to ssy tbnl they would compel the House to aceep.t the incisure, and drive them .up ints such a position as to oblige them to pass it ; aud ssmebody also had the Impertinence ts say in the . Assembly, that while that House hod done lis duty tbe members of this House find attended to their own affairs. He maintained that tho House had studied the interests of the country upon r.ll (occasions upon which measures had been 'brought before them, and the HOUeo was now prepared and anxious to pose the Appropriation Bill, but not to lose and give up the rights which proporiy appertained to them. With reference to the statements which had been made, that the Coun cil only represented 9000 persons, it wo3 not the truth. When a revolutionary Government wished to doptive them of their Tights, it .was only right that they should seek to moiutsin them. On previous occasions, and 'especially on the Land Bill, tliey had given way more than they ought ta lmye done. If they allowed this to become a precedent, they would ' soon find that a bill would (he tacked to pay members. If they did not have a controlling check on money bills the other House would rule the country, and the country would go to ruin. j ii. cur iiottr f ai tuts nuant; rriu iu vuhhiuij u« to permit this course, the whole colony would go to ruin. It was, therefore, their duty to stand in the breach. The other House wanted the Council to how to them, and go down on their knee's. The tariff was not now before them. 'When it caine up it. would be judged on its merits, but they could not deal with any bills ! without proper examination. Tim question was jwhether they would permit this revolutionary met, > or bund together as one roan to resist this Jmeasure. He would have been prepared to .move an amendment for the rejection of the bill altogether, but as be had been informed by the hon. Mr. Follows that tlie amendment which he had proposed would effect that object, he would not move on that. , Mr. COLE objected to the amendment, and lie asked the.Iiouie.lo adopt the course suggested by Lord Grey on the French Treaty Bill, when she appealed to the wisdom and policy' of the Lords ' to exercise a wise discretion. He ex- Afc no uu .wnu Ujnuiwu suae w«uu stone was in a fair way of mining England by his Free-trade notions, as thousands of persons wire thrown out. of employment. It might be all very well to foster large interests, but the people should ' be provided for.- Ho asked the hon. Mr. Fellows to consider what would be the consequence of his amendment, and he thought that they should exercise a wina discre tion, and not interfere with measures sent to them from the other House. Mr. FITZGEKALD had thought that in a question of this kind, fraught as it was with a most serious Isrue, that.the House would have had the advantage of the Hon. Mr. Bladen's views before lay members were called upon to addrees themselves to the question. He could not but feel that he had been placed at a disad vantage, Inasmuch as Issues so foreign to the subject -matiernau Dcenimporieaiino lasucimw. But he desired to refute a charge of inconsis tency which had been urged against him by the lion. Mr. Jcnner. That hon. gentleman could not have come on s more unhappy subject for himself. He (Air. Fitzgerald) lmd no difficulty in meeting tho electors of tho North Western Province, but it was those who were brought to hound him down. He had expressed himself a Free-trader from convfetfon, but at the some thus he had no objection to see a distribution of the duties. But the question now at issue was not Free-trade or Protection, hut whether the Council should abandon tbe functions and privileges accorded to it by the Constitution A!ct. They were to determino whether the Council eliould give up tho right of discussion and deliberation. He thought that they might bring back a misguided Assembly to their proper senses, and show that they had aright to take a practical part in the legislation of the colony. (Hear, hear.) He' put it to liori. : members whether the House was to abandon its functions, as the course proposed by the Govern ment led to that issue. They had no such security here as in England, where the talent nnd responsibility of the Ministry could be relied on. Here they wero bound .by the four corners of the statute ; nnd was this an innovation to be tolerated to give the .'Government an excuse for tiding over a difficnlty? He unhesitatingly said that it was not, and if this precedent was once established, the House would show Its pliancy to pass any temporary measure which a tyrannical majority might oblige the Government to adopt. It would he impossible to say where this would stop. It was his duty to impress upon hon. members toconslder whether they would abandon the rights tliey possessed, or show a hold front against invasion. He had no objection to re form, hut all refirras should be gradual. He wouid go the length of saying that the House, goaded by the unconstitutional acta 6f the Ministry, weie bound to hold the solemn trust confided to them by their constituents. Reform was oHe thing ; destruolioa and annihilation wns another — and against that he protested. This was a question not reflecting on members, but upon their constituents. It was npparent, after the due warning which was placed upon record, that the House did not wish to precipitate a crisis. They must have given a direct expression of opinion and warning to the Ministry,' and tho friends of the Ministry, that the bill would not be acceptable to hon. members. After the remarks of the hon. Mr. Fellows, and of the President, he thought that the. House would he justified in rejecting the bill, as tho lion, gentleman he had referred to liad plainly shown that under -the Constitution Act their powers were defined. This House was, as the Assembly, a reflection of the popular will, and they, therefore, could exercise a legiti mate influence over the financial policy of the country. They shared some of the privileges of the Commons, and were therefore co-ordinate win, «ha ntlipr hrnnnh. The hon. member re- ferred to tho expressions which had been made uie of elsewhere with regard to the House. Ho thought that it did not require any fur ther argument, as the fate of the measure was h3 thought, (already sealed, and they had' been E®n«tcing!y told that the conse- quencca would rebouni "PU th® House, He contended that it was not necessary (or the Government to keep such measures as the Pub lic Works and Water Supply Bills standing In consequence of the action of the House that night. It was asserted that If the bill was re fused thcro would be - a prorogation, but that would he contrary to the action of the British Parliament, when the Malt Duties Bill was re jected by the House of Lords. That Govern ment did not consider that it woe serving its own purpose by damaging tli8 interests of the country, as this one did, in order to please that majority whoso slaves they were. They did not hurl at the .House of Lords the charge, " you have stopped the legislation of the country ; you have destroyed the measures which were popular in the country, " although this Government kept the measures he had alluded to as weapons In re serve, and to destroy in the country confidence I .'in the Constitution. There the Chancellor of the Exchequer proposed a . new Appropriation Act, from which the condemned clauses were excised. Tho bill was then psraed, and the Go vernment machine went on as if there had bsen no interruption at all. Was not that a precedent worthy to he followed? He then anlmadvcrtod upon the lion. Mr. Jenncr, nnd tho league of which ho was chair man and, lie doubted not, secretary and trea surer. (Laughter.) The league, lie observed, seemed to be raising men who should start up like Banquo's ghost to frighten these hon. members whose term of office would expire next year. With reference to tho challenge of that lion, member, he would remark that he had no lecguo, hut he would ask him to leave a; plaee for which he was unsulted — to assume seven- league boots nnd leave tho Chamber. (Laughter.) Me concluded by waging that the House had the Interests of the country at heart in resisting the proposed encroachment on its rights and privi leges. (Applause.) Mr. LOWE regretted that so much person ality hnd been introduced into the debute, hut as no one had been Interfered with, perhaps lie might also (Cries of " No, no") indulge in it. Tbe hon. member who Bpoke last seemed to be aspiring to office. With reference to precedents, he observed that the' Sovereign in addreiiing the Houses of Parliament always appealed for supptieb lu luc nuusc ui uuuiuiuub jic vtaa a Protectionist, but lie was opposed to tacking, which he abominably hated. But the Speaker In another place had ruled that it was no tack. He believed that It was a union — a marriage. It was n mutter of revenue nnd expenditure, which were not foreign to each other. Tiiat iHouie was willing that the money ahouid be spent, but not that it should be raised. Perhaps had he been the maker of the Constitution, he would ' have given as much power in financial matters to thpt House ns tho other. Wit'.„ reference to the amendment, if the bills could, i)s separated, disposed of, and the session ter' a1q. ated, lis should be glad. ' , Mr.- MILLER thought tho Coun dl had already well discharged its duties to the country, for where opinions hnd beeu divided, anq (hey were nppointed arbitrators, their d .ecision had been in iavour of the Interests of the , community. He denied that tlie country wns. not at iMa moment in a most prosperous c .mditton. The only black cloud was theextraor diaary, uncalled for, and unconstitutional etti'.udc assumed by the Minhtry. supported, he w as sorry to say, by a large aectiou of the repi.-esentativea of the .pcoplo in another place. This was a question affecting the liberty and pr o.perily of every in habitant of the colony. I.'u every free country the Government was carried on by two chambers ; but this Ministry Intent led by their acts to abolish the Council,- and the bfll new before it was the tain end of the wedge:, to euablc them te effect their purpoee. He did, at -cue time, believe that the Ministry was the most honest, straightfor ward, nnd independent the ceiouy had yet had, bath individually and as a body. But he was sorry to. sjy tint nireurastanoss had compelled him to change hw opinion, and he believed the majority af the 'people were eomizg round to the same view. He was wire that if the Council had it in their power to pass a vote of wont of confidence, they would 'do so that night bv an enormous majority ; anil in fact, their vote ou the bill would amount to a want of confidence. He did not caiahler that the House was entitled to the designation cf "aid women," as they had been styled eat cf -doors. When he was going to dinner that evening 'he heard one person say to another, in a meat irreverent manner, " who was that old duffer who spoke ? " (Lnughter.) He. hoped such . disrespect ful language would net be .again used in the House. In all semcusaesc he appealed to the people of the country if the. opinion of the House as at present eenatituted was not worthy of respect. Were they "not the representatives of the wealth, the intelligence, and the con servatism of the cotony ? Was it not their peculiar pravinco to preserve property from ruinous legislation? If to, where was tbe policy of destroying them 1 It might be said that it was not the object of the Ministry to do so, but language was used in another place calling on the Assembly and the people to band together to attaek that House. If the rights of property were destroyed, and all that Englishmen held dear were taken away, tlie country would foil into the hands of democracy, to use the mildest phrase ; and how long would it tbea be worth living in ? Where would be the protection for life and property, or all that was dearer than cither? Who was to rule? — the men of property, who had been years here — or men without character, who mipihtbe elected by pandering to the lowest opinions of the ma jority ? It might be said he was taking a mor bid and wrong view of the stato of aiTiirs, hut there ought |to ba a representative .of the Government in' the House, who could spenk in Intelligible English, and whs could pledge ihe Ministry ta a particular course. He deprecated the setting class against class, nnd stigmatis'ng the Council as rich men, for he bc-llevcd that- in the aggregate there wns as much wealth in the Assembly as in. the Council. He hoped the Houso would he unanimous in maintaining the only privilege left to them, that of vetoing mefiiey bills. It was not a question of the tariff. Hei was not pledged to vote in any way on that question, nor had he made up ' his mind as te how ho should vote if It wero before him. But he maintained tlmt the Government should not have put it out of, .their power to give a legiti mate vote on that subject. He would have been prepared to move that the mensure be separated into the Customs and Gold Export Duties and Appropriation -Bills, and that the latter should bo passed immediately, the others being reserved for further deliberation. But, as lie desired' unanimity, lie. would not .propose it. The action of the Assembly would throw public business into confusion, and the civii servants would suffer. He trusted that whatever views hon. members might have in regard to the tariff, they would vote so as to preserve tlie privileges of the Assembly, and save it from contempt in the eyes of the people. Mr. MURPHY snid that If the Council did not stand up against the aggressive measures of the Ministry, it would fall never to rise again. This was not n question of tariff or no tariff, but whether one House was. to rule without tho assent of the two other estates of thg realm. Air. BLADEN said that there was an attempt wrapped up in this measure to deprive the Council of any control over the finances of the country. He submitted that there was no analogy between the Houses of Lords and Com mons and the two Houses of Legislature in this celony, except that there were two Houses, for while the House of Peers only represented the peerage, the Legislative Council was directly responsible to the country. (Hear, hear.) With; -reference to the gold duty— If duty It could be called — he maintained that It was a royalty. With regard to the particular crisis, all' well-wisiiers of the country regretted that any collision should come about, but if both parties chose to insist on their privileges, they inusteome to adedd-loek.'It would be bettor fpr the interests of all representative Institu tions if tliey did not interfere with each other's privileges, but endeavour to meet each other's views. As to tho practice of dealing yrith the Appropriation Bills in the old country, ihe resolution.? were n<?t actually embodied in tbe bill, but the measures tvere metely submitted as a skeleton, and were passed through all the different stages without ever being printed or laid before Parliament. He quoted the authority of Slr'Cliarlea Wood to show that the Appropria tion Bills were prepared by the clerka, aa they contained nothing upon which- any discretion could be exercised. There was now nothing left for the House and for hon. members hut to do tlieir duty in voting against any aggression in' the House. There was.no doubt that this' -was a tack, aud he did not see why as a matter of con venience the whole legislation; of ;tke session should not be sent up as a sort of consolidation bill. The question was then put— "That the words proposed to be omitted stand part of tho question," which wns negttived on a division, by a majority of 20 to 5; and the amendment droposed by Mr. Fellows wns then' agreed tol . The following is the 'division-list:— Contents : The hon. Messrs. Cole, Pettett, Jcnner, M'Crac, and Lowe. Non-contcnU : 'hon. Alcssrs. Fel lows, Sladcn, Ali'.chcll, Fitzgerald, Williams, Cnmphell, Taylor, Blank, 8. G. Henty, De- grnves, Murphy, Clarke, Fawkntr, Hlghett, Hull, Fraser, Miller, Bear, Strachan, anil Wilkie. The announcement was received with cheers. public loak bill. This bill wob read a third time and passed. Mintncj bill. This bill was read a third time and passed. The House adjourned at 25 minutes past 10, until 4 p.m. this day. 