FEMALE BUSHRANGERS. The Goulburn Herald of the 22nd ult. reports the hearing of the charge against the three women accused of aiding Gilbert, Hall and Dunn, the bushrangers to burn the premises of a storekeeper named Morriss, on tho 24th December last. Two of the prisoners were committed for trial, the other was discharged. The evidence of the prosecutor affords an extraordinary picture of life over the border. Edward Morriss stated : I have at present no oc cupation. I was a storekeeper at Binda on the 26th December last. The store was built of slabs, and had a bark roof. I knew the three prisoners well before this for the last eight or nine years. I was formerly in the police stationed at the Binda, in the neighborhood of which place the prisoners reside. One of the prisoners was servant to me for nearly a year, Ellen Monks. There was a ball at Binda, at Hall's public house, on the 26th December. I was taken there. I had not been to the house for some weeks before. About eight o'clock on the evening of the 26th, I was walking in my paddock after tea, and observed five people riding down the hill towards my place. Three did not come to my place. I daw that two were females. The three who were mates branched off towards my fence, and I lost sight of them for a time. Two females rode up towards the house. They were riding two bay horses. I observed them go into my house, and I still remained walking about the paddock. My wife was alono in the house. I was some twenty or thirty yards off. I went in and found Ellen Monks and Christina M'Kinnon. They were purchasing crinolines from my wife. We were laughing about crinolines when a tap came to the door. I went to it, and six re volvers were pointed at me by three young men. There was a light in the house. Each of the men said, ' Bail up.' Tho girls heard what was suid. I said ' All right,' and the three came in. Hall at once said, after putting his on one side, ' How do you do, Miss M'Kinnon ? How do you do, Miss Monks?' I said to Hall, ' I suppose you are Ben Hall ?' and he reph'ed, '? I am that gentleman.' I knew Gilbert before. They asked me how much money I had in the house, and Hall then went and searched the house. They took nothing away except money, and I cannot tell whether that was taken then or subsequently. They said I and my wife must go with them to the ball. I remonstrated, and Hall said it should be at his expense. Hall said, "Let your wife put on a clean dress." Hall told me to lock up the place, and I did so. We then went down to the ball. The bushrangers marched the fonr of us — the two girls, my wife, and me — to the next door, Hntfield's. Hall asked me who lived there, and I informed him. He then told me to bring him out, and I did so. Tho whole five . of us were then marched to Hall's public- house. When we got there we found a houseful. The bushrangers drove us into tho house, and bailed up every one. I then saw Hull searching a good deal about the house. He then said, '"Gentlemen and ladies, I won't hurt anyone hero. Fiddler, proceed." The doors were all locked, and the keys put in the bushranger's pockets. All went right for some hours. The third prisoner, Margaret Monks, was in the room. Hall told me that he would not have brought me if he had not heard it was dangerous to leave mo outside. About two o'clock in the morning I proposed to one or two to rush the bushrangers, as I observed they were drinking. About three o'clock, in consequence of my proposal, Hall and Gilbert came towards me, and said, "Stand, I'll shoot you." Daring the evening two of tho girls, M'Kinnon and Ellen Monks, were very intimate with the bushrangers. I saw Hall with lii3 arm round Christina M'Kinnon, and pulling her about. I saw Gilbert doing tho same with Ellen Monks. They were kissing each other. At Hatfield's door, I heard Hall say, speaking of Ellen Monks and Christina M'Kinnon, "I have had the pleasure of escorting these young ladies to the ball." When the bushrangers threat ened to shoot me I got out of the window, and although they lived several shots, I escaped. I tried to get the bushrangers' horses, but could not manage it. I then went and lay down in the scrub, about half way between the public house and my store. Presently I saw the three bushrangers advancing to wards my house, accompanied by the three pri- soners. This was about five minutes after my escape. The three bushrangers were sitting on their horses. They were eight or nine yards from where I was lying when they passed. The girls were walking close to the bushrangers. I heard Hall say — and the girls could hear it — "I'll make the place pay for it. I'll burn his house to tho ground." One of the girls, Christina M'Kinnon, made answer — '"Do it, Ben ; it serves the — right." Ellen Monks, at the same time,, said — "Do it, Ben ; it serves him right." The other girl, Margaret Monks, said, at the same time, 'Save poor Mrs Morriss's clothes.' Gilbert answered her and said, '— has got lots of money in the bank, let him buy her more.' The whole six then went to my house and broke into it.' Meantime I gradually shifted closer to the house, through the scrub. I was notmore than a dozen yards away then. There were two very heavy logs there. By the time I got to the logs the bushrangers had broken open the house, and five had got into the house, Dunn re maining on his horse ouside. The girls had nothing in their hands when they went up to tho house with the bushrangers. Almost immediately I saw one or two candles lighted in the house. The window and door were open, and I could occasionally distinguish the girls and bushrangers. I heard laughing and breaking open of boxes, &c.; The girls were sky- larking. I saw the three girls coming out of the house just as the place was blazing up. Two of tho girls had very large bundles. I could smell tho ] kerosene burning at this time. The two girls with bundles were Christina, M'Kinnon and Ellen Monks. They first came out with their saddles, which they had left there, having turned their horses out in my paddock, and they then went back and brought out the bundles. Peggy Monks came to young Dunn, who was sitting on horseback, and stopped with him. The other two bushrangers came out almost immediately after the girls. In conse- quence of the great light I began to get away lest I should be seen. The two girls with the bundles; went along the fence a short distance, and they then' went through it, and into the scrub. Hall and Gilbert followed them. They remained up in the scrub, away out of my sight, for a quarter of an: hoar, and then all four came back again to Dunn. They had no bundles with them. As Hall jumped on his horse he said, "that will teach him not to interfere with us." The remark was addressed to the other two bushrangers and the girls. No reply was made. All three bushrangers rode away towards the public house. Two of the girls then lifted up their saddles and their skirts, which had been left near the fence, and went the same road. I applied to Mr Oakes, a magistrate, for a warrant, and he told me he hadn't time. New Industry.— The utilisation of waste products has been a favorite study with scientific men for some years past, and tho results of that study has been to affect a perfect revolution in old-established theories as to what was useful and useless ; and at the same time to introduce new industries and new modes of making rapid fortunes. Among other things, the utilisation of the refuse from gas works has taken a prominent place ; and those materials within a few years ago were regarded as worse than useless, are now the means of making fortunes to a few, and providing work for many. It is tolerably well known that naphtha, benzole, ammonia and creosote are all procured in large quantities from tar. The tar can be converted into pitch, and all the newest and most brilliant dyes, such as mauve, azuline, ponceau and mngenta are ob tained from the same materials. Until lately, the refuse from the colonial gas works has been allowed to remain ' waste.' This is partly attributable, no doubt, to the high price of labor, and partly that a more speedy return of interest on the capital has been expected from other sources. Now, however, the subject is receiving full attention at the hands of two gentlemen, well known and long resident in Castlemaine. Mr Robertson, late of the Standard Brewery, Campbell's Creek, has entered into ar rangements with the Melbourne Gas Company, by which he is possessor of all the tar they make. He has erected the necessary works and machinery close to the gas works, and is now making and selling naphtha, pitch, &c.; It is a profitable undertakings yielding, it is understood, something like 200 per cent, on the outlay. In addition, Mr Home, who ' is well known as a chemist, and= who has made the analytical portion of his profession an especial study, proposes to extract the dyes from the ani moniacal waste. At present, the latter scheme, we understand, is in abeyance, but will be cominencod as soon as suitable arrangements can bo made. Everyone here must wish success to these colonies, especially as they are originated and carried on by those who are known and respected in the district.— Castlemaine Daily News, March 4. An Intelligent Magpie. — A very interesting circumstance, in connection with one of our feathered tribe, was related to ns on Wednesday last. A resi dent of this town was made a present of a fine young magpie early in the season, and under careful training and tuition it became seemingly attached to its home, and very accomplished in speaking and ? whistling. It was so tame that it was allowed to run about the place without any check, amusing itself by hunting up food in the garden and whis- . tling, while so employed, with great spirit .and brilliancy of execution, ' Mei'rily dance the quaker,' and several minor airs. One day' Cockey' was mis sing, and a strict search was accordingly insituted, but without avail ; every likely and unlikely place was rigidly scrutinised, and '-' Cockey' was regarded aR hopelessly stolen or strayed. On Wednesday, while the owner and tutor of tho bird was engaged in the garden, he heard a rustlu of wings behind him, und turning, saw the veritable wanderer coolly walking up to him and examining him critically, with its head very much on one side. The master said the magic ' cock — ey,' -and tho bird replying with a bar from ' Merrily Dance,' the recognition was mutual, and the prodigal taken into favor. Cockey has evidently had a very troublesome time of it, he is much thinner thac when ho took to flight ; aud altogether ho possesses a vagabond and rakish appearance that formerly he was a stranger to. Cockey has thought better of tho ' crust of bread and liberty' business, he evidently has a weakness for butcher's meat and kitchen snacks. — Ararat Advertiser, March 3. An ' Inglewood GnosT. — Persons unacquainted with tho physiology of ghosts assert that they are not to bo found out of the old settled countries of Europe. However, they show a lamentable igno norance of fact, as ghosts have been known to exist even so far away as the Australian colonies. The neighborhood of Sydney was at one time honored by the presence of one, whose chief delight was to sit upon a particular rail on a moonlight night ; while South Australia and Tasmania eaoh have legends of ghostly visitations. We need not, how ever, go further away than the ' Robie Burns' Reef, close to our own doors, to find one, or rather to hear, for his ghostship, like many a feathered songoter, only reveals his presence through the mediwm of sounds, and knockings have been heard down below ; that strange thumpe have been given to tho doors of tents, and other noi3es like those produced by mining tools being thrown violently about havo disturbed the repose of the innocent occupiers. The ghost has, however, never put in an appearance, but has . hitherto eluded the efforts of those daring enough to desire a personal interview with him, contenting himself by terrifying them and driving them off his territory. This he has succeeded, in one instance at least, in doing. Ho, however, still continues his noisy behavior, as several parties can testify. Pos sibly there is some large treasure below which he is anxious to beep to himself, or, as others have solemnly asserted, some foul deed has been com mitted, and the spirit of the victim cannot rest con tented till it is brought to light. — Inglewood Adver tiser, March 7. ? A case of very sudden death ocourred at Bondigo, on Wednesday 8th inst. We learn from the Ad vertiser, that ' Mr Ab«l Newbold, chemist,: View Point, was seized with a fit of apoplexy, and although Drs. Jordan and Betham were immedi- \ atoly in attendance, and did everything that medical skill could suggest, Mr Newbold never recovered consciousness, 'and died in about an hour after tho first attack. t Decoascd was a young man, scarcely - five and twenty, and had only been in business in, Sandhurst daring the last three or four months.' ' - 