A WORD FOR SYDNEY ANGLERS. To the Editor of The Herald. Sir-in your issue of the 17th instant there was a very good and truthful letter under the above heading, pointing out the wholesale destruction of the young fish of the different varieties inhabiting-or which formerly inhabited our harbour and bays in and near Sydney, in such abundance, but which now are nearly or will soon be, extinct, if there is not something done to put a stop to it, and that can only be accomplished by an Act of Parliament. The nets ought to be made of a certain size of mesh, large enough, to permit the small fish to escape before reaching the beach, for if once landed there (which they often are in thousands it is too much trouble to the fishermen to return them to the water ; they shake out their nets and leave them (the small fry) upon the dry sand, where they perish in a few minutes. One afternoon, when walking in the Lower Botanic Garden, I saw four men hauling in a not at the top of Farm Cove, and as it was almost dead low water they were just finishing their haul. I was accompanied by a friend, and we went to see what fish they had got. They picked out about a dozen of small black fish and mullet, and throw all the others upon the beach, being too small for any useful purpose. The men had made four hands, which we could see from the appearance of the sand, and I am certain there could not have been fewer than from 300 to 400 small fry of different kinds left dead at each haul. It is the some at Botany Bay, where fish were in great abundance some ten years since ; but what the fishermen now bring to market are few, and not a fourth part the size they ought to be when at maturity. There is another species of fishery which " Piscator" has not touched upon, viz., the oyster fisheries, which also requires the attention of the Legislature, and that immediately. The destruction of oysters is enormous, and as there is no close season for allowing them time to spawn, there will not be any to be bad within some hundreds of miles, both north and south of Sydney, in a few years. There are hundreds of bags, containing three bushels each, arriving here by the coasters every week, besides hundreds of thousands of bushels of live oysters burned for lime all the year round. John Robertson, in his many voyages up the Hunter, must have seen the immense heaps of oysters all along the banks of the river, which are Uve ones, as the burners prefer them to dead shells, as they produce more and finer quality of lime. As they are adding and taking away from these heaps (as large as good sized houses) almost every day, it is evident what the effect will be in the course of a few years if they are allowed to go on as they are now doing. I believe the same practice is carried on at Port Stephens, at the dam at Cook's River, and many other places. The close season in Britain, France, etc., are the months of May, June, July, and August, so the close season here ought to be November, December, January, and February. People at home are aware of the value of the different fisheries, and they will begin to find it out here when it is too late. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, T. W. JS.B.-There was an Act passed in Victoria five or six years ago debarring the fishermen from using nets with meshes under a certain size believe a four-inch mesh. In the lobster fishery in Norway, the fishermen are obliged to return into the sea all that do not measure eight inches in length under a penalty. A Real Ghost Story We commend the following to the notice of some of the many publishers of readings for Christmas. The simple facts transpired in a parish in Roxburghshire this present month about midnight, between a Saturday and Sunday. It was moonlight but cloudy, hence the night was sometimes clear and at other times nearly pitch dark in fact, it was such a night as witches, warlocks, and ghosts used to delight in, and it seemed to our informant that one of these supernatural visitants actually made its appearance in the said parish at the time above mentioned, and the place was the churchyard. But to begin at the beginning of the story, it was narrated to us by a respectable person who lived in a cottage hard by the scene, and who with his wife and family also got a fright. They had just retired to rest for the night. There was no light in the room but the flickering light of the dying embers of the fire in the grate, when suddenly the door opened, and an elderly woman rushed into the room. She was almost out of breath, and sat down almost exhausted on the nearest seat. She nearly fainted away. The good folks of the house re- collected that they had forgotten to lock the door, and thought it must be some human being in great distress who had run into their house for protection. They gave her a drink to revive her, and when she came round a little in answer to the question what ailed her, she muttered out, amid long drawn sighs, that " she thought the time had gone by for ghosts, but she had seen and the night." In this way she proceeded to tell how she had gone to pay a visit to her dear departed husband's grave, for there was nobody like her John. He was aye dear to her, and, now that he was away there was none to fill his place, and she never felt happy unless when she was beside him. Aye, his very dust was dear to her, and she could spend whole nights beside him. yet, though he had been buried now for months. She said she had often before gone and stood beside his tombstone for hours, and no one had flashed her till that night, when she had got sic a gift that she thought she would not get over it. "Oh, me!" said she, " that awful looking man. It was my John. Nana, me John find nee ugly-looking, black face like you and then the awful' man never spoke a word, but made six unearthly sounds, and pointed in' his hands, while ups and while down, that I didna ken whether he was free above or below, and he made a sorts of queer manoeuvres. He put his hands up to his head, and looked for a' the world like the black falls on his horns. It was my John, I am sure, for he wadna have glutted me that way, and then he would have spoken to me that I could be' learned what he said but that awful' man, wi' a' his screeching, and boohooing, and shaking of his head and hand, didna speak in our tongue. Oh, that awful' man, his black heavy face is hunting me yet, and whither he came from 1 dinna ken either, I'm sure. The didna come in at the gate nor over the wa' ; he just started up before me out o' John's grave, but he wasn't me John. I dinna ken how I got away from that awful like apparition, or how I came here. . Where am I?" So when she had finished her story it was plain she had had a severe shock to her nerves. The family into whose house she came, when they got a light, knew her to be a respectable woman, and when she was more composed the goodman kindly volunteered to accompany her home. On the way they were met by the decent woman's son, who had been searching everywhere for his mother, and, knowing that she frequently visited the churchyard, thought that she might possibly, late as it was have gone there, for she had been rather deeply affected by the loss of her husband, so much so that there was no consoling her, and there was no keeping her away from the grave when she could get away. It seems, however, that she had got such a fright by that visit that she would not soon seek back to the haunted churchyard. We can only guess at a solu- tion of the mysterious apparition. A deaf and dumb man, with bushy black beard and moustache, lodges in a dwelling overlooking the burying-ground. He may have seen the disconsolate woman there, and out of pity for her had gone to advise her to go home ; but Iris strange appearance, want of speech, and the signs made with his hands may have added to the woman's terror, her heated imagination doing the rest. Caledonian Mercury, December 14. Her Majesty's Christmas Gifts. The Court .7ourf¡aíof2othDecemberrecordsthe gratifying fact that her Majesty the Queen distributed Christmas gifts, the previous afternoon, to the wives of the labourers and others on the Osborne estate, and also to the children, of the Whippingham school. Shortly after four o'clock, the Queen, accompanied by Princess Helena Princess Louise, Princess Beatrice, Prince Arthur, and Prince Leopold, entered the servants' hall, where the gifts were laid out. Her Majesty then, assisted by the royal family, distributed the articles of clothing to the women, and toys of various descriptions to the children, for whom also a Christmas tree was prepared. The Paris and Mediterranean Railway has now 1975 miles in operation. The Orleans, the next great French system, will commence 1865, with 1780 miles' - in working. The Paris and Mediterranean Sgt. st earning nearly £140,000, and the Orleans about £70,000 per week. . . 