MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. Life of Csesar. — The Avcnir Rational says: — " Correspondence we have received from Turin communicates to us the following news obtained direct-from Rome : — The Congregation of the Index has received orders from the Pope to examine scrupulously the " Life of Cscsar," by Napoleon HI. immediately it appears." An action 'has been heard before Mr. Justice Blackburn, brought by a man named Gollop, whose wife was killed a few months ago in a mysterious manner on the Metropolitan Railway, against the company for the damage he had sustained by the loss of his partner. The company probably boro in mind the evidenco offered at the time, and pleaded rather naively that Mr. Gollop bad sus tained no pecuniary loss. The jury, however, took, ft different view, and gave him a, shilling, which they ordered to bo divided nmoDgst his" three children. Tho researches mado in tho grounds of Cum- . buskenneth Abbey have resulted in the discovery of the tomb of King James IIT. Tho Queen hns graciously signified her wish to erect a memorinl stone or cross over the remains of her royal an cestors James III. and his Queen, Margaret of Denmnrk. During the excavations, several large oak trees wore found in ono of the foundations. These were carefully removed and plnced in the tower. Having lain for 700 years in a wet soil, the oak hns become of quito a black coloar. The swindler John Morgan, who played such a remarkably clover trick at Shrewsbury a short time ago, has been tried at the assizes in that city. It will bo remembered that lie professed to be a de tective, and took Mr. Cbarlcs Ashworth, of Man chester, into custody on a charge of having robbed an hotel at Carmarthen. He succeeded in hood- winking tho magistrates of Shrewsbury, who be haved very stupidly in the matter, and got off with a quantity of Mr. Ashworth's property, of which he hnd taken possession. The defence was thnt the whole affair was got up for a wager, to obtain possession of a ring whicli had been given by a lady to Mr. Ashworth. The jury did not credit tho defence, but found the prisoner guilty, and ho was sentenced to seven years' penal servitude. The Owl states that the celebrated Sanci diamond lias been purchased by Messrs. Garrard, of the Haymarket, for Sir Jnmsetjee Jejeebhoy, of Bom- bav, for 20,000/. The historical interest attached to this stone is remarkable, and quito authentic. It formerly belonged to Chnrles the Bold, of Bur gundy, then passed into the possession of the Sanci family, from whence it took its name ; ultimately became one of tho crown jewels of Franco, was worn at the coronation of Louis XIV. nnd XV., and was stolen at the sack of the Tuileries in 1789 ; it then passed to the Queen of Ferdinand VII, of Spain, who gave it to Godoy, Prince do la Paix, and from him was transferred to the Demidoif family, its last possessors. It is to be lioDed that the Yelverton case has received a final conclusion, for the Scotch court refuses to accede to Mis. Yelverton's (Long worth's) application for an examination of the major on oath. She, however, threatens to appeal to the House of Lords against this decision. The Great Eastern will sail with the Atlantic telegiaph cable from Valencia, Ireland, about the 1st May, and may be expected at Heart's Con tent, Trinity Bay, by the middle of that month. On the 21st March 1662 nautical miles of cable were completed, and it is confidently expected that the whole 2300 miles will be made and on board of the Great Eastern by May. Captain Anderson, of the China, will command the Great Eastern during the laying of the cable. A reduction lias been made iu tbe rates of in land postage. A severe gale lias visited Loudon and tbe coasts. An enormous amount of property lias been de stroyed by a fire on tho quay of the East Iudia Docks. Mr. H. Sheridan has carried against Govern ment a motion to the effect that it is expedient to reduce the duty on fire insurance. The Surrey Theatre at Sheffield has been totally destroyed by fire. No lives were lost. The building was erected at a cost of £30,000. Richard Cobden is dead. So much is an nounced in one of the Indo-European telegrams, 'J but particulars are not given. The London Ex- ' press of the 27th March thus refers to the illness . of Mr. Cobden : — We regret to learn from a con- temporary that Mr. Cobden is suffering frofn a severe attack of bronchial asthma, the same com plaint from which he suffered after meeting his constituents iu Rochdale in November last. Since tbat time, although daily improving in health, aud requiring, as he has recently expressed him self, only a few days of summer weather for his complete restoration, he has been almost entirely confined to the house at Midhurst until Tuesday last, on which.day lie left for London, intending to take part in the debate on the vote for tho fortifications in Canada. Almost immediately on his arrival in town lie felt that he had undertaken more than his strength was equal to, and he ex perienced a relapse of a very severe character. We are glad to be able to report that during Saturday and yesterday a favourable change took place ; and it is now thought that with strict con finement to a moderate temperature, perfect quiet, and complete abstinence from public or private business, liis recovery may not be long delayed. At present, however, lie is not permitted to see even his most intimate friends. The decision in'tlie Colenso case seems to have taken most people by surprise, and to have re vealed a state of things ecclesiastical in the colo nies which nobody suspected. The sum of the judgment is this: — Dr. Colenso, Bishop of Natal, appealed to the judicial committee of the Ijrivy Council from the sentence of deprivation pronounced against him by his metropolitan, Dr. Gray, Bishop of Cape Town. The question to be tried was a. pure question of law, involving no theological considerations whatever — Was Dr. Gray armed with the authority requisite to sus tain the act of deprivation ? And the decision of the Privy Council is that he possessed no such authority, and that therefoio the sentence lie passed is null and void. This sentence, it will be seen, concerns merely the question of jurisdic tion. It leaves the alleged heresy where it was. So strictly was the case limited to the single legal point that the clerical members of the Council took no part in the hearing, which was conducted I and decided solely by the legal members. A case is under investigation in Glasgow which may suddenly become interesting. Dr. Pritchard, a very skilful surgeon of that city, has been arrested on suspicion of having poisoned his wife and her mother. The suspicions seem to originate with a doctor who attended both, and who obvi ously believes in foul play ; but they are as yet unsupported by any facts except a statement by independent surgeons that there was no appear ance of natural disease in the two bodies. The contents of the stomachs have been examined, but the result has not been made known. Meantime Dr. Pritchard, who strongly denies any foul play, has been committed to prison ; and the Scotch papers affirm a liaison between him and the housemaid, and state that three years ago a fire in Dr. Pritchard's house, in which a female ser vant was burnt, excited the attention of the police. Dr. Pritchard's character seems to be entirely in his favour. Miss Acford v. Loud Huntingtower. — Tiie Latest Cause Celedjie. — The spectacle of the " engineer hoist with his own petard " lias been recognised as legitimate sport ever since the days of' the "divine William." But the additional amusement of witnessing the crafty miner, in his eagerness to destroy the enemy, openly laying the train for the explosion with such reckless haste that it must of a certainty send him also flying into the air in one direction or another, is not often granted -to the cynical moralisers on the world's follies and frailties. ' Such a source of enjoyment, if it he one, was, however, attainable in an action tried at Maidstone, and, whether regarded as a sad record of past misdoings, or as a probable germ of future perplexities and litiga tion, our causes celebres do not often furnisb us with such a theme for reprobation, surprise, and regret. The action was brought by a certain Miss Elizabeth Acford against Lord lluntingtower, in order "to recover £15, one quarter's annuity, granted to her by the defendant, in consideration of former cohabitation." These words express tiie plea, but very inadequately define the ground of the proceedings. Lord lluntingtower, whose name is very familiar to our courts of law, many years ago " lived" with the plaintiff, and by her had three children. In 1848, being desirous of terminating the connection, he executed a deed, covenanting to pay the lady £60 a-year in quarterly payments. In return for this sura she was to undertake the support and education of- the children, nnd in no way to molest or annoy him or his family. But this munificent arrange ment, £15 a-year eacli for the support of four people, with " education" thrown in for three of them, was seldom carried out in good faith. The payment, after a certain date, was always in ar- rear, and the plaintiff had been perpetually com pelled to bring actions to recover even this paltry amount. The case in the present instance was a little complicated by that perpetual stumbling- block to law and equity, the Scotch law of mar riage. In tho course of their cohabitation the parties had proceeded to Scotland, and on the occasion — some time in 1851 — of Lord Hunting- tower marrying, Miss Acford asserted that they had resided there as man and wife, and that there fore she osly was Lady lluntingtower. She brought an action to that effect, but failed to es tablish, her plea, and was nonsuited. Lord Hunt- ingtower returned to her two of the children whom he .had taken away for the purpose, it may be presumed, of providing them with a little more "education" than could be scraped — after bread and cheese — out of the £15 a-year. The fulfil ment of the bond was demanded, the payment was still in arrear, and the present action was brought for its recovery. This time the defence assumed a novel lorni indeed. Lord Huntmg- tower pleaded that Miss Acford was his wife, and, therefore, had no ground of action against him. Here was the explosion of the petard with a vengeance, and it was followed by another little shock in the shape of a recoil equally damaging to its unlucky engineer. Miss Acford was, of course, examined as to the facts upon which Lord I-Iuntingtower proposed to establish his novel de fence. Mr. Chambers, his counsel, averred that this plea was in reality advanced only in order to throw upon Miss Acford the onus of proving it, or of ceasing still to say that she was Lord Huntingtower's wife. Mr. Chambers assumed that plea to be impossible ; but, after Miss Ac- ford s examination, the Lord Chief Baron dis tinctly held that she had fully made out her claim. She swore that she joined Lord Huntingtoiver in Scotland on the understanding that they were to become man and wife, that they passed as man and wife, and that she had children by him. L'lie Lord Chief Baron declared that, according to the Scotch law, that was quite enough to establish a marriage. Mr. Chambers was naturally taken aback by this unexpected and undesirable success of his plea ; but there was another disagreeable surprise in store for him. In answer to certain questions Miss Acford bad mentioned " four " children, whereas the princely annuity had ouly provided such a provision for three. But, further interrogating, Mr. Cnambers himself elicited from her that the last was born in 1863. Miss Acford swore that Lord Huntingtower had frequently visited her up to that date, and was the father of that child. As Mr. Chambers declined to call Lord Huntingtower himself to rebut this state ment, it necessarily held good, and the " charge" of the Lord Chief Baron places the parties di rectly and indirectly affected by these proceedings in a position as disagreeable as peculiar. His lordship said that "in his opinion there was prima facie evidence to establish the plea that the plain tiff was the wife of the defendant. The verdict as to the bond, must, therefore, be for the defend ant on that plea ; but it must be for the plaintiff on the other — that of molestation — to support which not a tittle of evidence had been adduced. He should reserve for further consideration the question whether he was correct iu his view of the law upon tbe subject of the plea of marriage." A verdict was entered accordingly. Thi3 prima facie opinion, and even this doubt, mnst be not a little perplexing to Lord Huntingtower. We should imagine that few defeudants have been so effectually " cursed with a granted prayer." Lord Huntingtower saves the payment of £15 quarterly, but at the contingency of what endless annoyance, litigation, and expense, it is impos sible to foresee. It is carious that gay Lotharios should be so recklessly lavish in the prosecution of such liaisons as these, and yet should turn such absolute misers when a little judicious liberality would preserve them from the exposure and shame so frequently rising up as their ghosts. Napoleon's Portrait of. CiESAR. — His lofty stature and his finely- moulded and well-propor tioned limbs imparted to his person a grace which distinguished him from all others. His eyes were dark, his glance penetrating, his compjxion colourless, ami his nose straight and somewhat thick. His mouth was small and regular, and the lips, rather full, gave to the lower part of his face an expression of kindliness ; while his breadth of forehead indicated the development of his in tellectual faculties. His face was full, at least in his youth ; but in the busts which were made towards the close of his life his features are thinner, and bear traces of fatigue. His voice was sonorous and vibrating, his gesture noble, and an air of dignity pervaded bis whole person. His constitution, which at first was delicate, grew robust by sober living, and by his habit of expos ing himself to the inclemency of the seasons. Accustomed from his youth to manly exercise, he was a bold horseman ; and lie supported with ease privations and fatigues. Habitually abste mious, his health was not weakened by excess of labour, nor by excess of pleasure. Nevertheless, on two occasions — once at Cordova, and then at Thapsus — lie had a nervous attack, which was erroneously thought to he epilepsy. He paid particular attention to his person, shaved with care, or had the hairs plucked out ; he brought forward artistically his hair to the front of his head, and this in his more advanced age served to conceal his baldness. He was reproached with the affectation of scratching his head with only one finger for fear of deranging his hair. Ilis dress was arranged with exquisite taste. His gown was generally bordered with latirlam orna mented with fringes to the hands, and was bound round the loins by a sash loosely knotted — a fashion which distinguished the elegant and effi- minate youth of the period. But Sylla was not deceived by this show of frivolity, and lie was wont to recommend that people should have an eye on that young man with the flowing sash. He had a taste for pictures, statues, and gems ; and lie always wore on his finger, in memory of his origin, a ring on which was engraved the figure of an armed Venus. To sum up, there were found in Cmiar, physically and morally, two natures which are rarely combined in the same person. He joined aristocratic fastidiousness of person to the vigorous temperament of the sol dier ; the graces of mind to the profundity of thought ; the love of luxury and of the arts to a pussion for military life in all its simplicity and rudeness. In a word, he joined the elegance of manner which seduces to the energy of character which commands. Such was Ctesar at the age of eighteen, when Sylla possessed himself of the Dictatorship. He had already attracted the at tention of the Romans by his name, his wit, his engaging manners, which were so pleasing to men, and still more so, perhaps, to women. — From History of Ccesar, by Napolen III. A Romantic Courtship and Marriage. — The Sunderland Times prints the following : — Some time ago the mate of a Sunderland vessel, while at a Chinese port, fell ill of fever, and sub sequently died. An Englishman and his wife, living in the land of " barbarians," were kind to the dying man, and in his last moments strove by their attentions to ease, as far as they could, his passage from this troublous world. The kindness shown to the suffering seaman came to the know ledge of his widow in Sunderland, and she, in a letter to the Englishman and his wife, thanked them for what they had done, aud begged they would, in return, send her their cartes, as a re membrance of the debt she owed tliem. After the lapse of some mouths she received an answer from the celestial empire, from the Englishman, in which he conveyed tho melancholy intelligence that, shortly after the departure of the vessel to which the mate belonged, lie had the mislortune to lose his wife, who now lay interred by the side of his friend, the husband of the woman to whom he was writing. Acting upon the high enconiums lie had heard of the character and qualities of his fair correspondent, he judged she was a suitable person to fill the place of his deceased partner, and at once " popped the question," giving as a reason for his promptness that so long a time was required for the transmission of a letter and its answer, it would be half a year before he knew wnui uci wuuiu uu. uin-iuacu was ins jjui trait, and lie begged a return of the favour. The letter was a surprise to tho widow, but, after weighing all the circumstances, she consented to be " wooed." The courtship, thus strangely com menced, continued to progress until a lew weeks ago, when the happy man who was to be the bridegroom arrived in England, and was not long in finding his way to Sunderland, and the " banns " were at once proclaimed in Bishop- wearmouth Church." Morning. Dances. — Morning dancing parties are becoming the mode at Nice, and tbe custom is to dance till about six o'clock. A Massachusetts judge bus decided that a hus band may open his wife's letters, on the ground (so often and so tersely stated by Mr. Theopliilus Parsons, of Cambridge) that " the husband aud the wife are one, and the husband is- that one." The Murder in Donegal. — At Lifford, county of Donegal, the trial of Braddell for tbe murder of Adam Grierson, steward to Mr. Adair, was concluded on Wednesday. The jury were locked up for the night, with fire, but no food. There is but little chance of their agreeing. The murder was committed at Derryveogh on the 20th April, 1863, so near his own home that the wife of the deceased heard the two shots, tiie second of which took effect. She saw her husband coming from the direction where they were fired, and said, "Adam, are you shot?" to which he replied, "'Deed. am I — mortally wounded." He went into the house, showed his wounds, and said that the prisoner was the man who shot him. There were four wounds in his abdomen. He died next day, but before lie expired .he identified, in the presence of the magistrate, the prisoner, who was brought into his room with six other men. Janet Grierson, daughter of the . deceased, saw the prisoner next door on the day of the murder. Elizabeth Campbell deposed that she heard the shots and then saw the prisouer running away from the limekiln from which they proceeded. James Grierson, son of deceased, a fine boy 13 years of age, saw the flash of the second shot, and after the first shot heard his father say, " You cowardly rascal ! why do you take me from the head of my family ?" The defeuce was an alibi, to prove which several witnesses were examined. 