THE HEW' ZEALA3JD WAS. PIPIRIlil BE^RIGED : THE ENEMY REPULSED I WITII GREAT LOSS. \ By way of Melbourne, we (' Herald'), have two day.s' later from W.fignnui The ' Chronicle' of thcoth contains a full account from its ' own correspondent,' of tho attack on Pipi riki. He says: — ?'Tho defcice of Pipiriki seems to us almost tlie only event in the Wangunui campaign which reflocts credit on our countrymen, it may bo said that the successful defence, for twelve days, cf a position auacKCd oy not more wuiu uouutu m me mrce wiimu it, is not an achievement of a vory splendid nature. Uut if the circumstances attending this defence bt kept irf mind, i's character will appear in a different light. Pipiriki lies nt the bottom of a deep hollow, snrrounded anil commanded on all sides by steep hill', on tlio sides of which the natives were ablo to dig rifle-pits and fire down into our posts. One of those hills so thoroughly commanded our position that the commanding ollicer at oncc saw that, should the enemy establish himself in the cemetery permanently our redoubts would bo all but untenable, and bonce his resolution to 'storm and obtain possession cf the height at whatever cost. We do not- remember any incident in the course of tlio whole war in which so much true gallantry had been shown as in this capture of the Cemetery Hill, and we' are sure that every one will concur with us in the opinion that Ensign Cleary is deserving of the highest lion -r that can bo con ioitcu on an oinour in nia puomuu iui mo m.ifcij in this affair ' The correspondent of tho ' Chronicle ' writes as follows : — ' The military settlers and Hangers at this post wero attacked in the throe redoubts simul taneously by the enemy, who mustered upwards of 400 strong, nt 8 o'clock a.m., on the l!Hh of July. The arch rebel Pehi, his son Topia, Saul, and other chiefs of distinction, were recognised as leading the enemy; our cmnps were beseiged for twelve days, and the enemy -epulsed, defeated, aud obliged to sac for peace. The forcc in the redoubts consisted of 231 men, chiefly rangers and military settlers, who. during tlio time thoy kept up the defence, were short alike of arms and-provisions. About the time named alr-ve, a man named Campbell had been out getting fi,-n-t7nnr1 wlinti I i,i was fired at and mirsucd liv about fifty nati'ves. Simultaneously with this, a heavy and apparently preconcerted fi**o was opened upon the thr^o redoubts— tee Gundagui, I'.rassey's, and Stuart's — by the rebels from tho hills, which over looked these positions. Brasscy's redoubt sustained a terrible fire, which riddled the whole of the tents nnd rent the furniture in the efiieers' and other tents into thousands of particles Many were the hair-breadth escapes 111 tlio redoubts, but more particularly in tho Gu'ndagai, as the enemy had position and everything in tliuir favor. The wliarcs and tents were literally all directions; the rebels shouting, yelling, and doing everything in their power to inducc their people to come 011 and rush the little Gunda rrai — whose people, I assure you, were not idle, and who dared not be, if inclined, as tbo cxampl* set them by the officer commanding, tjieutenant Goss ling, was all that could be required of a British sol dier. Our mon returned the fire with precision and coolness, anil must liavo been committing fearful liavo.*1, as many of the enemy's wounded were dragged from out of tho rifle pits and graves, even in the midst of the firintr. About 11.45 a.m: Ensign Clcry, one sergeant, and twentj of the Taranaki Military Settlers, were detailed as a storming party, and proceeded from tho main redoubt, and in a very heavy cross fire from tho rebels on Cemetery Hill, ana trom tnoso io tne rear 01 uiu iimm icmuut — iu dislodge tlio enemy from off Cemetery Hill; and irrespective of shot, or tho number of the enemy 011 the hill, which must have exceeded ISO. and under the greatest disadvantages imaginable, having a high steep hill of -100 feet to ascend, succeeded in ascending and routing tho enemy from this, their strongest pu.-iuun . l 1. -. -.0 ^ .... j ' ---j wounded, tho half of his ear being blown off by a bullet ; bnt the perpetrator of this act, who was al most. buried up to his shoulders in a rifle pit, bit the dust in return from a well-directed shot from Private Allen, of So. 3 Company. Private Dilly, of No 10 Company, came in contact with another, but, for tunately, the rebel's y-iece missed, and Dillon suc ceeded in running him through and disarming him. Gavnor, of No. 10 Company, whirled anotbor into a deep gorge underneath, a lifeless corpse After the enemy bad been routert trom uemetery 11111, iney took up other positions 011 our right flank, thereby pitching into tlie Gnndagai's rear, but wero dislodged from this about 6-p.m , when they retreated in various directions, some to tho opposite sido and some to the hill 011 the left of the Ranger's redoubt. On the 20th the rebels threw up a redoubt Oil the right flank of the colonial force, distant about 1700 yards on th3 other side oc the river. Tho hills wero at this time swarming with the enemy. O11 tho 2lst, a party ef rangers and military settlers were sent to dislodge the rebels from their position in the rear of Brassey's redoubt but the latter had ' skcdadled.' On the 22nd some firin*' ot long range took place between tho rebels and =tho colonial foices. The latter strengthened their position. Firing was continued to the 25th, and 011 that day the Gunilagai redoubt was aban doned and rased to tho ground. On tho 29th tlie garrison was surrounded 011 all side? by the enemy. The rebels opened fire on all the redoubts at ranges of 200 and 300 y irds. On tho 30th July, tlio rebel rifle pits wero witMn 100 yards o.f the redoubts. A' -*,..., f\,i fivo was kunt. im on the earrison, but not ro turned, as ammunition began to run short, Nume rons hairbreadth escapes took place of the soldiers in tlie^ 'garrison. On that day and the 31st the rebels hoisted a white flag and proposed to come to terms, finding they could not take tlio position, and that their ammunition was running short. On the 1-t instant tho reinforcement' of oOO men, under Major Rookes, arrived on the scvonth day after leaving Wan^aniv. This force patrolled tho bush, and pro ceeded as far as Petii's abode, but tho robels bad flown in all directions. Great blnine is attached to Major Rookes *by the Wanganui journals for the delay in his expedition. Every man engaged in this defence deserves the highest praise, but the hero ot the affair was Ensign Clcry, who was fiist with sword and pistol in hand, to storm tho Cemetery Hill. 1 i nni'r Improvements.— Tho Shonlhaven corros ; u Kt'of tlio * Kinmn Independent' writes I am i f E 't^arn that Mr Su-voyor Arnl.eim is nS» , ' ' Scd among as ii. surveying one or two roads / ' SSantcd. and in opening up others already ; sitr rd I linve no doubt but his presence will be ? \ Sfoi'nl I henr also that the Government havo \- , wo marine surveyors to examine the approaches In llio ferry nt Bomnderry, so that there is some pros °ct »' lnsl cf seci'3 tlmt mucl1 nl)usc:l Punt in ftctive °^'ii'e— Between 4 and 5 o'clock in tlie afternoon of , ? -co,, Jnv lost, the dot.iclied kitchen of Miss Taylor's Vn-idt'iico wnB discovered to be ou lire by parties in i JS neighborhood of the Wesloynn Church, who van j dig spot and succeeded in extinguishing the fiio hifoMiiny material damage was done. Mat for (hoi mcly discovery and prompt measures of her friend?, Miss Taylor (who Was a't Church at tho time) would haro Iwd 'lopWe the loss of tlie kitchen and its \ Intent.*, if not of tlio dwelling house also, which -1 w0UI(l have been in considerable peril from tho fcois i igroiiistato and direction nf the ivind. It is s up nosed tli.it'the wind, which ro.-e considerably after ilisj Taylor left homo, blew sparks from the stovo ' jM|o a basket standing nt n short distance from the jtoT.i, which beipg fanned by tiro strong breeze, ig iitcd its contents.—' Kiama Independent.' Shakes. — The unusually and somewhat unseas'on ably warm weather oftlie last week lias been stifli i ^jent, it would appear, to awaken I lis snake tribe from \ 'ilieir dormant state, and induce them to leave tlieir ! ivintcr lair, and hask in the noonday sun. We havo within the last few days heard from various quarters tliat largo numbers have hecn seen dm ing tho heat of 1 tliod:iy: On Mondny last, a« our townsman Mr Orlaff was taking a stroll in tlie vicinity of Kendall's Point, lio omno upon three large ?diamond snakes, one of which he succeeded in kill 3D» courageously seizing it by tho tail just before it fcot'oiit of his reach, giving it a sharp swing over his bad and dashing it on the ground. The monster, though not the largest of the three, measures seven feet in length, and is nearly as thick as a mail's arm ' in tlie centre. This is about the largest diamond enake wo ever remember to linvo seen in tho district. ?—'Kiama Independent.' Fatal Accident prom F-alMno k Trek— Tho ' Queensland Times ' of Tuesday states that an acei- j 'deft, which has since terminated fatally, happened ton man named William Howard, nt the Fine Moun tain, on Saturday moiniug last. Two sons of tlio deceased wero cutting down a tree, while ho himself 1 fcns standing a short distance away looking on. As the tree was falling lie endeavoured to get out of tho ; iray, but his:foot becamo entangled in some vines, nr.il a branch of tho tree struck him between the -shoulders aad dashed him to the ground, lie was j (aten up in an insensiblo state and conveyed to (ho '? ijuwteli hospital, where, on examination, it was j.iund tli:it, in addition to revere internal injuries, the anclebonc of his left leg wiis fractured in such n manner that several inches of tho bono protruded through tne skin, and the loft thigh was also frac tured. The unfortunate mail, who was fifty nine years of ago, lingered ill great pain until Monday morning, when he expired. Te-tinq op Ikon Girders. — On Monday morning ; 'a party of professional gentlemen visited Messrs. V. N. Russell and Co.'s foundry, in Bathurst-strcet, 3for the purpose of witnessing tho testing of two of -ho wrought iton girders that aro being made at 'tliosa works for Messrs 7- Cohen and Co.'s stores at West Maitland. Each of the girders that were tested consists of a single web, twenty inches iu depth, the top and bottom fhngos being eight inches in width1; the span of the girder will bo twenty-four feet. Three of these lengths will form ono of the girders, of which there will be eight across the building:; the 'total length of the girders being 723 feet. The girders will support tho flooring joists, and will rest on iron columns, which aro now being cast at Messrs Russell and Co's. Tho sectional area of the bottom flange of the girder will be fourteen inches, that of the top sixteen inches, and that of tho web fivo inches. 'In order to^tept tho strength of tho girders tliey wore placed four feet apart, their ends Testing on bars of iron. 'Upon tlio centre of tho girders was placed a weight of -i-'li tons of iron, in bars and pegs, piled lip to a height of six or seven feet, and distributed over a width of eight feet. The height was iput on at 1 o'clock on Satnr lay last, and it was found on Monday that the deflection ?only amounted to 11-lGths of an inch. Tho weight was then taken off, and it was found that the perma nent set in ono girdei was i of an inch, and 'in tlio other about 3-lGths of an inch. The working load which tho girders will have to bear is thirty-four tons distributed over them, but it is estimated that they will carry four times that weight before break ing. The expeiiment was considered by the visitors tn be thoroughly 'satisfactory with regard to tho ?strength of tho girders—' llcrald.' CnicKET jK Old England.- 'the fine old game has been in full swing the l ist month, and tho bowler lias had indeed a hard time o(. it, for never before was ?such a mountain of figures run up. Anything under a hundred is a common score, bnt that lias been top ped several times, especially by E. M. Grace against the United at Landsdown, where the United Eleven were defeated in one innings ; and what with the batting of 'the Graces 'and tho bowling oftlie Graces, the United Eleven never had a ghost of a chance: Tlio most important, matches of the month havo been the two elevens at Lords, and North v South. The county matches are nut so interesting as they might hnve been, being two often one- sided ; but Sussex anil Notts have tjeen again in the field after a rest of t vilVa years: Tlie two elevens showed some fine cricket, and your old friend Tin ley won the day at last for the All England with his dodging slows, get ting 6 wickets in 72 balls. Yorkey, Stephenson, Iddison, Tarrant, and George Parr, carried ofT tho I tat'.iiig honor#. 