Thursday, 7th September; (Before H. W. Shadforth Esq., P.M., and tbe Mayor.) Obscene Language.—William Coombes v Joseph Barrow and John Oliver.—Fof using "obscene and abusive language, cal culated to provoke a breach of the peace. Mr Savage fur plaintiff ; Mr Norton for defendants. Case dismissed without costs. ; ' ' ' Legtdtie osr Memory. — The Rev. J. D. Robertson, delivered, a very inter esting lecture on,'.Memory* at the Gmrt House, Wangaratta, on Tuesday evening. R. W. Shadforth Esq., P.M. presided on the .occasion.' . The Court House was but thinly filled, but those who were present appeared to be highly delighted. Dur ing .the. course of the lecture tlie Rev gentleman quoted largely from Shakes peare; extracts from the 'Merchant of Venice,' Merry . wives of Windsor/ ' Macbeth,' and * Hamlet,' being" the order of the evening. We do not wish to be very critical, but v\e must find fuilt with some of the readings intro duced. In some instances they were not altogether in accordance with, the text; in the interview. Hamlet has with his father's ghost on the platform at Elsinore, he is not made to say by the poet, 'Ah thou poor ghost while ,mem ory holds a seat in this distracted Jnai! If the Rev gentleman will take the trou ble to refer to any of the standard editions, he will find it invariable set ■down, 'Ah thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat in this distracted r/Iobe.' Again in the lines immediately after, the lecturer qnotes thus, ' 1 'Ifovipe away all trivial fond records, all saws of books, all for.ns, all purposes past.' This makes the quotation, to our thinking, nonsensical and unmeaning. lVe(ahould imagine it would be incorrect to talk of past purposes. The following is the correct quotation, ' I'll wipe away all trivial fond records, all saws of books, all-forms, all pressures past.' It would we think be a work of some little diffi culty for the Rev gentleman to improve o,n Shakespeare. Mr D. H. Evans pro posed a vote of thanks to' the lecturer, which was responded too by all present Contracts Accepted. • — Extra work on eon'rdeb 1187 of 1864 ; additions to Court House, Beeckwortk; £5 3s 4d ; John Stevens. Extra work.on contract 1195 of 1864 ; erection of Clock Tower, &e.;, Beechworth ; £14 ; John Stevens. Removal of- police buildings from Upper Buckland, and re-erecting same with additions, &c.;, at Lower Buckland; £142 15s 6d ; Adam Robertson. Fur niture for Government Offices at Mel bourne and Jamieson ; £136 ; Thomas Bell. Prisoners rations during the' remainder of 1865, at Longwood j scale," 9 per ration 8d, 10 per ration'Is? 8d ;; R. W. Kiernan. Sale to Crooked Rivei* road ; construction of a bridge and ap proaches over the "Wannengarra River ; £15.48 1.4s.; Samuel Packham. Sydney road ; "cons'triiction of stone culvert, &c.;,. at Benalia ; Morris aiid Romero. 