MONDAY, APRIL 17,1865. " We are to relinquish the controlling check of the Upper House ; we are to constitute one over-ruling, privileged, democratic body, and to trust it with an authority, not only unlimited, not only irresponsible, but secret and unseen. No, never will such a tyranny be borne!'-Sir R. Peel's Speech at the Glasgow Banquet, January 3, 1837. The ink is hardly dry on the Govern- ment press out of which has issued the latest of the Land Acts, ere the ingenuity of the evaders is once more set in exer- cise to thwart the benevolent intentions of our legislators, and to mar the work which has occupied them during the greater part of the session. Foremost among the intending violators on this occasion, if we may judge by his own words, is the Honourable the President of the Board of Land and Works. Dis- satisfied already with his own offspring, he is attempting to discover some way by which its features may be altered, and its character changed. Having had time and power to fashion his bantling as he pleased, he is still discontented with his own creation ; and, by way of example to those for whom the law is made, all the dexterity and skill of the administrators of the law are being wracked to invent some mode by which a non-natural construction may be given to some portions of the Act. The famous Cummins Clause espe- cially seems to be the present subject of Mr. Grant's paternal solicitude, and of Mr. Attorney-General's ingenuity. That clause was in substance re-enacted by the new statute. It passed the two Houses by considerable majorities, ap-_ parently with the assent, or at least without the active opposition, of the Ministry. But from the moment it has become law a new light has commenced to dawn upon the Attorney-General's conscience. Scenting the speculator from afar off, Mr. Grant, by the help of his colleague, is determined to forestall violation, by being the first to attempt evasion himself. Impressed with the theory that the spirit and conscience of the Legislature reside in the body of the Ministry, and that only the Minis- terial law officers can tell what Parlia- ment intended, Mr. Grant is seeking about for some plan by which to make the Act contradict its own sections, and to set up the Board of Land and Works as the only interpreter of its language. To ordinary minds, it might seem that there could be no room for mis- taking the purport of the 7th section of the Land Act of 1865. The words, it is true, are not of the clearest, but they are at least as clear as the language of most acts of Parliament. They de- clare that " any person who had before " the passing of this Act become entitled, " under the 23rd and 24th, or the 33rd " and 34th sections respectively of the " Land Act of 1862, to select or pur- " chase land within twelve months from " the date of the said Act, and the exe- " cutors, administrators, and assigns of " such persons, may, subject to all the " limitations, conditions, restrictions, and " obligations attached by the said Act to " such selection or purchase, exercise " the said right of selection or purchase " upon making application to the Board " of Land and Works at any time " within twelve months after the pass- " ing of this Act." The intention of these words plainly is, that any one who was entitled to the right of selec- tion given by the Cummins Clause under the Duffy Act retains that right under the Act of 1865. More than this, it seems evident that it was intended to convey to the assigns of such persons precisely the same privilege as that to which the original selectors were entitled. That is to say, if any purchaser or selector prior to the passing of the Act of 1862 did not exercise his right to select under the Cummins Clause, that right still attaches to the land of which he was possessor, and goes with it to his assigns. Therefore, anyone who has purchased land since 1862 from one who was a possessor prior to the passing of the Duffy Act is entitled to his right of selection under the Cummins Clause, as though he were the original purchaser. The assigns, in fact, inherit this right as part and parcel of the property assigned. Whatever may be our opinion as to the policy of extending such a right in the first instance, it is obvious, according to the common sense rules of interpreta- tion, that the right was revived by the 7th section of the present Act ; and if revived, that it belongs as much to those who purchased from the per- sons who were originally entitled as to the original selectors them- selves. The right can be subject to no new conditions, or to any which were not in the Act of 1862. The Board of Lands is left with no discretion to make new conditions, nor can it limit the right in any way except as it was origi- nally limited. But the course already adopted by the Government, and the further action with which we are threatened, are directly at variance with the provisions of the statute. Mr. Grant has conceived a suspicion that the land certificates are to be used in some im- proper way, and the Attorney-General, as usual, is ready to come to the assist- ance of Mr. Grant with an opinion that this suspected improper exercise of the privilege of selection ought to be as much thwarted as possible. Fired with an ambition to invest the statute with a conscientiousness not dreamt of by its own framers, the first step of the Minister of Lands is to issue a form of application for the cer- tificates under which all purchasers of land subsequently to the 18th of June, 1862, from persons who were holders at that date are excluded from the benefits of section 7. Thus the assigns are totally ignored, although their interests are specially guarded by the statute ; a certain privilege which was given by Parliament is coolly abrogated ; and the will of the Ministry of the day is sub- stituted in place of law. Here, then, we have the first of the evasions of the Land Act of 1865 de- vised by Ministers themselves, and carried out under the seal of the de- partment. The land certificates under section 7 are not the certificates which the Act directs to be issued. The policy which they express is a policy which has never received the sanction of Parliament and springs solely out of the depths of that unfathomable abyss, the Ministerial conscientiousness. What right has the Government to look for greater scrupu- lousness on the part of the public, for whom laws are made, than is shown by themselves, who administer the laws? It is no answer to say that if the land cer- tificates were issued strictly according to the letter of the Act there would be a great deal of speculation in them, of a character not contemplated by tho Legis- lature. The Government has no busi- ness to anticipate violations of the letter of the law, still less to guard against possible infractions of the spirit, of the law. The Cummins Clause may or may not have been a job. For ourselves, we believe that it was, and that it had better have been omitted altogether from the Act of 1865. But if a job, it was a job which the Ministry had ample time and opportunity to detect and defeat while the Land Bill was under consider- ation. They did not scruple, however, to traffic for the votes of honourable members, by introducing this very clause into their new measure. Why should their scruples begin now, when there are no more votes to be purchased? To anticipate that a railway bill could pass through any Parliament without being severely opposed, would be to ignore altogether the precedents recorded in the Hansards of the world. Whether the bill is one to authorise the formation of a new line, or to reinvigorate an unsuccessful com- pany-to monopolise the carrying trade of a district, or simply to com- plete a desirable scheme of amalga- mation-British experience has shown that it is all the same. There the mere name of a railway bill has been like the shaking of a red rag before an angry bull. Up from the remotest ends of the three kingdoms have crowded troops of witnesses, pos- sessed of the most varied expectations as to what they should get from the com- pany, and prepared to offer uncompro- mising opposition until their demands were satisfied ; counsel without num- ber have enjoyed refreshers in the cause ; from day to day the war has been prolonged, until at last the company has emerged from the struggle, possessed, it is true, of something which bore a re- semblance to the bill for which they had gone up to the Legislature, but saddled with such an amount of debt, in the shape of preliminary expenditure, as crippled their power to perform the un- dertaking to which they were com- mitted, or to pay tho dividends which the original shareholders had a right to expect. Our experience has been limited, but it has been much of the same character. We have had few private bills to deal with, but those we have made the most of; while none of those who took part in the struggle for or against Castlemaine when the bill to authorise the construc- tion of the Government lines was under discussion, or who were afterwards in- volved in the famous Kyneton deviation war, will forget the keenness with which particular interests were supported on these occasions. Parliament has again a little task of this kind in hand ; and it is absolutely refreshing to notice the vigour with which the opportunity has been seized by some of those who have claims to urge upon the promoters of it. The Melbourne and Suburban, the Brighton, and the Hobson's Bay Eailway Companies desire to amalga- mate their undertakings. The proposal seems simple enough. No new powers are asked for. It is not proposed to re- pudiate any engagement. It is not con- templated to lessen the services the lines render to the public. It is not disputed, on the other hand, that their union would be beneficial to the public, most im- portant to the shareholders and cre- ditors of one at least of the undertakings, and very useful to the proprietors of another of them. The only one of the three companies interested, indeed, who might have been supposed to be indif- ferent in the matter was the Hobson's Bay Railway Company, and it is they who have been the most strongly assailed by claimants for "a consideration" for the withdrawal of their opposition. The proceedings in Parliament have realized the fullest expectations in this respect. Introduced as soon as Parliament met, the Easter recess has found the bill only just emerging from the committee-room, where a series of preliminary battles has been fought, and much blood, in the shape of money, has been spent. The legal aspects of the case were easily disposed of. No fault could be found with the shape in which the proposal for amalgamation was put forward. But the cormorants were in the air, and eager for prey. Every borough through which the lines pass was up in arms to assert its utmost rights, to secure by act of Parliament new privileges or favours, or to claim a favourable interpretation of doubtful passages in the existing acts. It says something for the liberality of the chief promoter of these amalgamation bills- the Hobson's Bay Railway Company- that these claims have been conceded, with one exception only, and that the opposition is lessening from day to day. The city has obtained its requirements as regards the fish market, and yet the Hobson's Bay lines will be joined to those of the Suburban Company. Hawthorn will have those late trains which have been so much desiderated by the inhabitants of that romantic if not lively suburb. Prahran is content that the facilities of communication it now enjoys shall not be restricted. Brighton is satisfied with the assurance that its line shall not be shut up ; and St. Kilda has obtained concessions on the subject of the loop- line which are enough for it. Emerald- hill is the only malcontent. The pre- tensions of that borough are not of the smallest. Our readers are not ignorant of the claims they have from time to time put forward for level crossings and bridges, or of the grounds on which they are based. Nor are they uninformed as to the liberal offers which have been made on the part of the company, endorsed by the town council, but rejected at meetings of the burgesses, who seem to think that they have in the Hobson's Bay Railway partnery a goose that cannot be expected to tire of yielding them golden eggs. The company's final offer is, in effect, £1,700 to form a level crossing at Moray-street, and a sum of £7,500 to put an end to the borough's pretensions to level crossings or bridges wherever the railway crosses streets of the borough, whether these are laid out or exist merely on paper. The offer, undoubtedly, is a liberal one. It is not to be forgot- ten that when the railway was formed Emerald-hill was an insignificant suburb, possessed of no great expecta- tions. If its claims to consideration had been valued and finally settled at that time, the bargain would have been an easy one for the company. The islanders have failed in their many en- deavours to enforce at law the claims they put forward under the company's act, and they have benefited very largely by the conveniences of access afforded by the railway at all seasons, while the company's annual contribu- tion to their local rates is not to be de- spised. Their unreasonable opposition has come to a pass which proves how unfit mass meetings are to deal with questions of law and figures, and how much safer it is to leave these matters to the representatives chosen to conduct the public business of the borough. -We remind the burgesses of Emerald-hill of the fable of the fox and the crow. Let them not drop their meat unadvisedly. They may ask too much, and if they per- sist in their demands, they may find them- selves at last as hopelessly despoiled as was the flattered crow. The holiday-makers to-day will have no lack of choice as to whither they shall direct their steps in quest of recreation or amuse- ment. At no previous Easter have there been so many special attractions in the shape of outdoor fetes and public entertainments. The excursion trains on the Government railways will give facilities to those who desire to visit one or other of the great provincial towns of the colony, and judging from Good Friday's traffic, many persons are likely to avail them- selves of the opportunity of doing so. Those who prefer a marine excursion can select between Queenscliff and Schnapper Point, ob steamers will run to both places i and those who do not wish to go .o' far from home can find pleasure in almoBt any direc- tion within a very short distance of the me- tropolis. The athletic sports on the Mel- bourne Cricket ground deserve the patronage of all who desire to encourage physical train- ing and muscular development; and the Baby Show at Collingwood is sura to excite abun- dant curiosity. Brighton, St. Kilda, Foots- cray, and other suburbs, are oach going to make some holiday demonstration ; and fish- ing, cricketing, boating, and plcnicing, will doubtless not be neglected amidst entertain- ments which may have moro claim 'to novolty. In the evening the theatres spread their allurements, and several other enter- tainments are announced, amongst which is a gymnastic and musical entertainment, by the members of the German Gymnastic Asso- ciation, in aid of the funds of tho Leichardt Expedition. The St. Patrick's Society, will celebrate their anniversary with a ball. A grant of £500 for the local Acclimatisa- tion Society has been agreed to by the Pro- vincial Council of Auckland. We are requested to intimate, for the infor- mation of the public, that theeleclric telegraph ofhee will be open for messages from half-past eight a.m. till ten a.m., and from five p.m. to seven p.m., to day. The Leichhardt Committee beg us to'ac- knowledge the followingdonations:-Mr.Bon wIck's scholars, £25; Mr. Gideon S. Lang, £5 5s.; Hon. W. Haines, £6; Mr. Iloffman, £5 ; Mrs. Lander, £2 2a. Gd. ; Mrs. Matthew Hervey, £2; a Friend, £1 ; Mr. A Foo, £1 Is ; Dr. and Mrs. Rudall, £5 5s.; Mrs. D. S, Campbell, £1 Is.; Mrs. W. H. Cropper, £1 le.;' the Misses Rusden, 6s. Gd. ; Very Rev. Dean Hayes, £1. At the weekly meeting of the Committee of Management of the Benevolent Asylum, on Saturday, the superintendent reported the state of the house to be as follows:-Men, 280 ; women, 91 ; total, 371. There wera 11 applica- tions for admission, and all were refused, for want of room. There will be no meeting of the City Connell this afternoon. The Melbourne Criminal Seseions for April commence this morning, in the Old Court- house. The calendar includes two capital offences, but the list of cases for trial is not unusually heovy. We have to acknowledge a don. tion of £2 to the Benevolent Asylum from " S. K." The following is tbo return of prisoners confined in the Melbourne Central Gaol for the week ending Saturday, April 16th: Awaiting trial - Before Supreme Court, 7 males, 5 females ; before magistrates, 10 males. Under sentence-Road gang, 8 males ; hard labour, 13 males, 16 females ; impri- sonment, 74 males, 47 females. Detained lunatics, 2 males, 6 females; in default of bail, 10 male., 12 females; debtors, 8 males; contempt of court, 1 male. Total, 233 males, 85 females. The Rev. J. G. Paton commenced a series of special sermons yesterday, in Melbourne and the suburbs, on behalf of the New Hebrides MisBion. The rev. gentleman will advocate the claims of the-mission each even- ing this weeli, visiting Collingwood and Emeiald-hill, and aho attending the anniver- sary of the Melbourne Presbyterian Young Men's Association, on Tuesday evening, at the Protestant-hall. The fact of the head of the bushranger Morgan having beon gratuitously sent to Pro- fessor Halford for examination, may be taken as a circumstance illustrative of the excite- ment occasioned in the Wangaratta district by ihe capturo and death of the miserable bandit. Dr. Dobbyn, it seems, sent the head down by the Beechworth coach on Friday, with the idea that a scientific examination would be mado of the brain, The head, how- ever, was so much mutilated and so far de- composed as to be quite valueless for any snch purpose ; and apart from this, it is difficult to see what good end could be accomplished by testing the proportions of the brain. As there is no necessity for an examination, none will be made ; and unless Dr. Dobbyn directs tho head to bo sent back to bim, the skull will be presented to the museum, as an ordinary si ecimen of a pottion of the human frame. Messrs. O'Brien and Curtain attended at the City Police Office on Saturday, to deal with the night charges on the police -sheet. Elizaa Wareham andWm. Smith were mulcted in the usual penalty for drunkenness ; and Jano Clay and Margaret O'Connor, for inde- cent behaviour in the public streets, were sen- tenced, the former to one month's imprison- ment, and the latter to fourteen days in gaol. Ephraim Jessamie was charged with assault- ing and attempting to rob one Louis Le Compte. Jessamie, it appeared, had gone to prosecutor's house-door on pretence of beg- ging, and being told that mendicancy met with no encouragement there he struck Le Compte a heavy blow, and at the same time made a snatch at his watch-guard. A sum of 17s. 4d. was found in the prisoner's pocket when he was searched at the watch-house. The magistrates considered that the offence only amounted to one of common assault, and inflicted a fine of £6 ; Jessamie to go to gaol for two months in default of payment. Three inquests wore held at the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum on Saturday by Mr. Can dler, the district coroner. The first was upon the body of George Peters, a patient who died on tho 13th iust., of chronic disease of the brain and its membranes. Deceased, who waB twenty-nine years of age, was admitted to the asj lum on the Oth August, 1864. He was at the time suffering from general patolysis. He was placed in the hospital on the 27th October last, and ho gradually be- came woise until he died. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with the evidence of Dr. F. T. W. Ford, who mado the post-mortem examination, and stated the cause of death to be disease of the brain and its mem- branes. The second inquest was upon tho body of Wm. II'll, a patient who died under Elm ¡lar circumstances on Friday last. Hill was thirty-seven years old, and he had boen in the asylum since the 8th June, 1801. Tho jury found that deceased died, as in tho preceding caso, from disease of tho brain and its membranes. Tho third inquiry wos as to the cauBe of the death of Thos. Barker, aged forty-three, who had been an inmate of the asylum since Moy, 1802. When admitted he wa» Buffering from mania but in February last ho was attacked by dysentery, and ho sank under that disease on the 13th inst. The jury returned a verdietin accordance with this stato of facts. Another inquest was also held by Mr. Ctndler on Sa- turday, at Richmond, on the body of the in. fant child of Ann Slater, which was still-bora on the 12th inst. There were no suspicious circumstances in connexion with the ewe and the jury simply found that the child was BÜll-born. About half-past seven o'clock yester''-» morning a weatherboard cottage in Emerrííd strcet, Emerald-hill, belonging to Captain Noone, of the Rialto, now at sea, was burned to the ground. The fire was first obäorvodby Sergeant Ellis ; and although a largo number of the local brigade wore on the spot in less than five minutes afterwards, the progress of the flames waa £0 rapid thal the building was totally destroyod, and little, if any, of tho property which it contained saved. Unfortu- nately, CaptainNoonehad leftall his log-books and nautical instruments bohlndhimjand with the'exception of a barometer and a mariner's compass, which wore rescued by Sergeant Ellis, everything was consumed. Of the furniture, a table and couch were the only articles saved ; and unless Captain Noone is insured, his loss will amount to eoveral hun- dred pounds. Generally Mrs. Noone has occupied the premises during her husband's absence, but a few days ago she sailed for Newcastle, in order to meet Captain Noona at that port. Since then no one has been living in the house, and it seems clear that the fire was the- work of an incendiary. A woman named Mary Jones was sontencod to three months' imprisonment, nt the Eme- rald-hill Police Court, on Saturday, for steal- ing a parcol from the shop of Mr. Healy, a pawnbroker. The theft was a most impu- dent ©ne, tho prisoner having gone into the shop and coolly taken the property off the counter, in the presence of the proprietor. A man named John Anderson, who had been found on the premises of a -woman named Bridget Sykes, near tho " falls" bridge, early on Saturday morning, in the act of making off with a goose, waa ordered to bo imprisoned for two months, with hard labour. Several other cases were disposed of, but they were of an unimportant nature. At the Williamstown Police Court on Sa- turday, a seaman named Alexander Brown was brought up for insubordination on board the ship Cheviot. The chief officer proved the offence, and the prisoner waa sentenced j to fourteen days' imprisonment on board the hulkF. Mr, Mason occupied the bench. The Eichmond Police Court did not sit on Saturday, the day being observed as a holi- day. The death of a man named Campbell, a i puddler, in Jones's Creek, from English cholera, is reported by the local journals. The decoased was ill only a few hours. In a sketch of the workings on Jeraey Beef, near Inglewood, it ia stated that from the proEpectors' claim gold worth £30,000 has been taken, at a cost of only £8,000. Tho profits to each holder of a fourth share were £7,500. In the Sons of Freedom claim, on the Black Dog Creek, last week, OJdwt. of gold were ob- tained from a tin-dish of washdirt. The example set by the Shire of Belfast has been followed by that of Lexton; which has jußt erected a patent stonebreaker to crush bluestone for road metal. The cost of the machine was £500. The Oven» Constitution gives tho following "interesting" item of local news:-"The gallows at Beechworth Gaol will now shortly be erected." A robbery from the house of a constable has been perpetrated at Smythesdale. The Star says:-" On the mantelpiece of the sitting room of Senior-Constable Buck (situate im- mediately within the police reserve) was a small tin box, containing about 25s. in silver, the proceeds of the sale of tickets for the de- monstration in aid of the District Orphan Asylum. About five o'clock, the senior-con- stable had the box in his hand, and later in the evening, when he went to place other money in it, discovered that it had been re- moved, and could nowhere be found. The thief must have been some one who had watched Mr. Buck from time to time drop the shillings into the box, and have taken advantage of the officer's temporary absence to abstract the deposit." Speaking of the effects of the long-conti- nued drought, the Inglewood Advertiser says : "The drought is producing the mest disas trons consequences, not only on tho mining IntereBt, but in the district generally. The cattle and sheep are literally starving, and ' are dying, in considerable numbers every day. Travelling stook may be tracked by the dead cateases left behind; and cattle generally may truly bo described as bogs of bones. The dairymen on the Loddon are great sufferers-tho products they deal in being only obtainable in the smallest po3 sible quantities. The very pigs fall to find a living, and are freely parted with by owners at prices varying from 63. upwards. It is feared that, even should rain come soon, dis- aster meet continue, for the cattle are bo re- duced in strength that tho young grass will in all probability accelerate death." Wo havo files from Adelaide to the 12th inst. The Queensland Times states that adviceä have been received by the English mall that Messrs. Peto, Brassey, and Betts are selecting two thousand railway artisans and labourers for the Southern and WcBtern Itnilway ; and that Mr. Jordan, as well ob the Imperial Emi- gration Commissioners, aro making arrange- ments for sending out these men with the utmost expedition. The Southern Cross oi the 1st current Bays: "We aro glad to hear that Father Grange, who, it was repoited, made his escape on the appearance of the fanatics at Opotiki, is in a comparativo state of safety. It appears that his station is at Whakatane, and that ho has remained there, although at a time in very imminent danger. It will be recollected that the fanatics called at Whakatane on their way to Opotiki. Tho letter giving informa- tion of Father Grange's safety is dated the 18th March." We observe from the latoßt Wellington papers that two companies of fifty Maori volunteers havo been organised for service in the war, and placed under the command of European and native officers. Wo also notico that the steamship Ahurirl has been taken up by tho Government for transport and commissariat service at £700 per month and coals. The Government of Now Zealand seems to be keeping bad faith with the Waikato ven- teen?. Tho Southern Cross of thv) 8ht ulc-Jas the following remarks on the subject :-"In- structions havo just been received In Auck- land from the General Government to dis- band 500 or 600 more of tho Waikato militia. IA month or two ago about the same number were disbanded ; and it is now tb.8 intention of the Government to reduce tho origia»! number who enlisted, obout 5,000, to 2,000. This number only, it U positively stated, will be retained, to keep possession of the vast Waikato territory. This is virtually an aban- donment of a country which has cost about o couple of millions to conquer. Stopping the rations of tho special settlers, and leaving thom to Etarve, which undoubtedly will ba the case, and tho disbanding of a force which lias been the principal means of preserving peace in tho Waikato, will b3 a lasting dis ciedit to the statesmanship (?) of the Weld Administration. Wo moy now certainly look for another war in WalUato, for our rulers are evidently giving the natives a premium for rebellion." Dr. Featherston has been re-elected Superin- tendent of the province of Wellington, The numbers polled wore-for Dr. Featherston, 778 ; and for Mr. Borlase, 5á6. The Wellington Spectator states that " the GotvSroment have purchased tho estate of Mr. G. Ilárt, at Lowry Bay, for the private resi- dence of His Excellency the Governor. The estate, which is in a pleasant retired situa- tion, on the north-east side of tho harbour, containa between 500 and 600 acres of land, and a convenient house, to which Mr. Hart was about to make, extensive alterations. The official residence of the Governor in Welling- ton will be whero it has always been ; and a new building, Buited to the requirements of the Governor, will probably be erected on the site of the present Government-house." The match between the Melbourne and Richmond Cricket Clubs, commenced on the 8th inst., was continued on Saturday after- noon. The Richmond eleven made a very poor stand, tho whole of them being disposed of for C7 ; of which Jacomb contributed 20, and Giiffitbs and Dunkinson l8 each. Nono of the otherB got more than two, and three men had cyphers appended to their names. When tho stumps were drawn the M.O.C. had 163 to their credit, with the loss of only five wickets. The batsmen seemed almost to have goto.ompletemasteryoverthe bowling. Kelly made tho large Ecore of 76-more than the whole innings of the Richmond toara, Ile bad two lives given him, however, though the first was after he had scored 40. Saturday's play will probably placo Kelly's name very near the top in the list of averages for the season. Fowler scored 35, and mado some formidable hits, off one of which six clear runs were obtained. Greaves contributed 16, Tait 13, and B. W. Wardill (not out) 10. The game will not bo played out, but if it were, Bichmond would scarcoly have the slightest chanco of turning the tables. This makes the fourth encounter between tho same clubs this season, two of the matches being drawn, and the other two being won by " tho leading club." A match commenced in the previous week, on the East Melbourne ground, between the East Melbourne and St. Kilda clubs, was to have been continued on Saturday, but the representatives of St. Kilda did not put in an appearance. A friendly game was played on the Press ground, between_two teams con- nected with " the fourth estate"--one se- lected from the up- country districts, and the other from.the metropolis. The sides prove to be very evenly matched, each scoring 98 ii one innings. For the up-country press How liston made 36, and Glen 29 ; and the high est scorers for the Melbourne press wen Hewitt 33, and O. Gordon 23. The Mel bourne eleven went in for a second innings and had scored 27 runs, with the loss of fou: tickets, when time was called. The retain match between the Bendigo am East Melbourne Cricket Clubs will be playee to-day, on the ground of the latter club. The romantic drama " Ingomar," played a the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening, pro vided Mr. J.H. Allen anothor opportunity o displaying his starring abilities. The play tho title of which was borrowed from its herí by the lady who ironslatcd the piece-is on of the eailiest works of Munch von Belling bausen, nephew of Bellinghausen, formerl; President of the German Diet, but bette known by his literary appellation of Fred« rick TMni. The Golman title is " Der Sohl der Wildnese." " Ingomar," though hard! equal to the oiiginal, and requiring ver spperior acting to bring out its dramatic an poetical beauties-for Bellinghausen is a trn poet as well as a dramatic artist-continue a stock piece on the English stage. I Germany, however, it has been eclipsed b the author's masterpiece, the "Gladiator < Ravenna," a work we trust to see produce here shortly, in a manner worthy of its fam The Etory of " Ingomar " is that of a Ge: man maiden who, moved by filial piet; and protected by the charm which shieldc Una with the Lion, and guided ti Lady in Cornu?, braves perilous wih and bandits fierce, ransoms her fath from savage mountaineers, and, captivath the leader of the band, induces him to fore¡ for her sake his wild followers and his la' less life. Such-on the stage-is the power " Mighty Love," transforming a classic R< Roy into a lover who serves for his mistrc with the lowliness and patience of anoth Jacob. The love scenes between t maiden and Ingomar, the rebellion of t" band who note the alteration in their chl and the struggles of the free mountains himself to submit to the restrictions of peaceful life, afford incidents well adapt for theatric effect, and over them t author has thiown the graceful garb of poetic diction. Ingomar, however, thou actors have made high reputations in it, a dangerous part, for, even as in life, tt partitions divide tho hero from tho fool. Ï J. H. Allen's representation is said to " celebrated " elsewhere ; but if the proph contrary to rule, has received honour his own country, he will not, it to bo feared, out of it. While glvl bim due meed for painstaking dillige) and for moderation, we cannot but gardMr. Allen's conception oftheoharac as a mistake, while his execution, either ta or stagey, compensates nought for his pe HariticB of voico and manner. Mrs. He Parthenia, on the other hand, was intellig and interesting, often concentrating interest of the audience, and fairly carry .off the honours of the evening. There is ' little in the other characters ; but Mr. E woed wob excellent in the part of Myron, father ; and Mr. J. C. Lambert as the eui Pol} dor, flouted and foiled, was provokin spiteful and choleric. The romantio dra over, a capital farce, which had been pla; during tho week, "Family Jars," restored audience to the humours and incidents tvery-day life. ThlB evening Verteil!, acrobatic performer of repute, will make first appearance. A crowded houso at the Haymatket Thei on Saturday last gave ample evidence ti the " original " Christy's Minstrels are mt talcing their popularity. The fact that ; W. P. Collins, an " Ethiopian" of many ye standingand much reputation,tookhiBben on that occasion did not, of course, red tho attraction. This gentleman prefers to t his audience on older, and we may add bet type of "nigger" than the modern darl wkoJta jvonderful gymnastic dancing, or exquis tenor voice, or a 6olo on the h or Bomo accomplishment rarely possei hy ony bnt white folks, gets name fame. He is thecluniBy, perverse, blum TB, extravagantly happy individual whom the best writers on American pla: tion life have given us Bketches, and sheer naturalness materially adds to merit and nmuBing power of his perform- ance?. Tho " new burlesque " of " The Buih rangers," familiar, however, to the Melbourne stage, which wbb the principal novelty on Saturday, was, from this point of viow, a re- markable picture of negro comicality. Tho current week is, we understand, the last of the engagement of this troupe ; and Mr. John Smith is to enhance the valuo of the pro- gramme by appearing as the " Black Ghost, or the Nigger Turned Physician." Both the day and evening performance? of the Lancashire Bellringers on Saturday wera well attended, although the weather wa3 not of the moBt favourable character. No novel- ties were introduced into tho programme on either occasion ; but the audiences, so far from making this circumstance a cause of complaint, appeared to bo as much delighted with the entertainment as when it waa first presented to tho Melbourne public. 