L E TTER S FOR T H E TIMES. Through the Editor o f the Tasmanian Morning Herald, to electors and others. S i r .—There is at this time much eager disputation, and futile argument about the prospects of the colony; monster meetings, one-sided discussions and specious propositions occupy the popular mind. For some time the suid popular mind has been disorganized. People have been dissatisfied with the existing state of affairs why, they know not; they only know that something was wrong, that should he made right; and had a dim yearning that it should be made so. It was indeed easy to see that things - were wrong, but how were they to be set right? The popular mind iccognized the one, but could uot see its way clearly to the other. The patient was sick and called in his physicians, but they only shook their heads, and said, *• Wo must give it time. We do not understand the disease; we know no cure for it. Then quacks persuaded patient to try them; they proposed endless remedies, but they w.-re useless. GUss- hottles, pillboxes and labels strewed the patient’s floor in vain. The physicians and quacks opposed each other, tbe head refused the medicine the hands offered, and meanwhile the body suffered. But the patient grew worse, and told Iiis physicians that they were paid to look after his health. They said; “ The patient is getting head-strong, we must do something to keep him qniet; and so they did they applied cables and subsidies, and he waB quiet for a time. A t length, however, lie saw the deception, nnd he dismissed these physicians and got him others. But he had been deceived once, and thought nil physicians must be charlatans. So because his present physicians did not do him immediate benefit, he allowed the quacks to persuade him , that they only could cure him. He di 1 not consider that before his present physicians could cure him, they must counteract the evil d»nc by their predecessors. And what did the quacks persuade him was the way to effect a cure ? He had sound food allowed him for his weak gstoraach ; but these quacks said you roust give up this, and take the sweetmeats we offor you. See this puff-tart, how pleasant it is to your palate, this cnu never do you harm , and what good may it not do. Look nt that strong follow here, how lie enjoys his puff pastry, and we don’t ask you to eat as much as he.” So these quucks speak; and the foolish patient seems to believe these daimies will do him more gno<l than sound food. Ah ! simple fellow ted away by specious talk, do you not see that these quacks wish you to drive away your physicians ? Do you not know that this pastry will make you worse ? Will you believe in these quacks; were not your former physicians, quacks, and what did they do for you ? Have you no submarine cables, no expensive jobberies, no wilful deceptions, no idle subsidies to deplore, inaugurated by these said quacks. B ut what is this evil, whence comes it, and to what is it tending. A ll! if we could only measure it, it would have no terrors ; we might then see how to cope with it. We have bpen drifting about iu shallow waters without log or compass, and the depth bus been g radually growi.ig less and less, almost imperceptibly. Still we have drifted on, hoping to get into deep water ; but not knowing bow soon we might ground on a sandbank. Maps and charts have been consulted, but no one can ascertain our position ; no one knows where the shallows commenced, or how they will end. We thought we were going in the right track , but here we are, and may hear the keel grate on the sand a t any time, without power of resistance. This evil must have a cause, and a beginning could we only irace it. Can we not discover its origin ? I take it we can, partially nt least. It arose from the fatal indolence and do- nothingness induced by getting others to do our work. A constant stream of money flowing into the country, wliat m atter how it was sp e n t; it ihuqt permeate through all the strata of society, bptore it co.uld again flow away. One who is helped will not help him: s e lf; the aid was withdrawn, t^iid people had never learned the Icsboq of self-help. A man who has walked with crutches all bis life, when these are withdrawn, is powerless to m ove; our crutches were lost and we bad not learned to walk unaided. We had trusted to this support, till when it was revoked we were helpless, we had yet our lesson to learn, and it was all th e harder for having been deferred so long, . But tbe end w as not yet ; we bad lost one crutcb, but another waB provided for u b .’ Victoria discovered her gold mines, and was too busy working them to attend to anything ehe. A rich harvest spruug from tbe soil, and thousands rushed to help to reap it. Tasmania even was a little moved, why not benefit by this gold harvest; Victoria has many wants, she is too busy to look to any* thing but her gold. Who so able to provide for those wantB as Tasmania. But the gold grew less in quantity,and Victoria had time to look to other things ; she began to do for herself what Tasmania had before done. And what she wanted from Tasmania she did not care to *pay eo dearly for, when gold was plentiful, and other places sought for her productions a t high rates, Tasmania congratulated herself, and spent ber money easily. But no energy had beeu elicited, the money seemed to come of itself aod went the same way. All men of energy had gone out of the colony, or to sleep ; and when tbe demand gradually ceased, Tasmauia waB too apathetic to supply wbat there w a s. Of late, others held her crutch for her, when they ceased to do so she would not hold it herself, but threw it away ; but with no intention of learning to walk. Well, if she had set about the Icsboq at ones. We are drifting alongnow over the shallows without rudder or compass. What does it tend to ? We have no destination, but are floating sadly on nowhither. And yet not so, beyond lie long reaches of sond-b.inks, and the dreary shores of oblivion. It ienouaeto Eit down and cry for help, the heavens will not help us unless we assist. If the horse gets bogged, w hat use is it for him to look to bis driver to help him, if he do not lend his own strength. I f he do not that he may stay till the mud dries and the road gets sound, but what use then, he will Imre lost the power to move if he have not sunk into utter oblivion You have got bogged; if you will not aid your driver,,you will siuk out^nf recognition. Oh ! this fatal indolence, this apathetic indifference it ha6 led you far astray; you bare brought its effects upon yourselves, whnt will it avail to attribute them to others. If the crew will not work what avail* all the CBptain’s calculations and consultations of charts. Shall the crew cry nut, and mutiny against the captain; and elect another. If he is & good captain, well: but whftt if they choose him because he promises to roll a bar* rel of grog on deck for them to help themselve6; is he not a false captain. No! neither will save the ship, neither the new captain nor the barrel of grog, the bait for election, the only hope is to get the crew to work. They must get out the boats, and pull tbe vessel away into deeper waters. Every man has his work if be can only see i t ; if he can not discover what is set for bim, let him fake whatever is near him, if he would have it well with him, let him do anything rather than sit idle; “ whatsoever tby hand find to do, do i t i f it is not done it can only lead to misery, calamity and worse. You have not found your work and you have suffered, how long will you continue to neglect it. Is not the lesson 6evcre enough to convince you ! No you 6till vi6h to turn your burdenB on to other’s 6houlders! Can you not sec it is yourselves arc in fault, that it is your latal eupineness and dull inertia, and blind indifference, that have caused your sufferings. You have missed your work, now you m ust go and seek it. It will not do to cry for others to show it you; no you would then cry for them to do it for you. You must find it for youreelvc-B, and do it for yourselves ; it will be all the more difficult to commence for having been deferred eo loug, but it is there waiting for you and it must be done. Thus, and thus only, shall you wade out of this 6lough of despond and quagmire of fatal indolences. If you will not so, you must stay there and sink down—where to ? Probably Hades and oblivion. Will you continue to neglect this work ! are you fit to live if you will not set down to it ? Better give up your place to some worthier, who will be content to fulfil tbe work allotted. Tbe very stones cry out against y ou; and if you go oq as you are going, there will come a time when your children will cry for bread, and you will only have those same stones to give them. I have read th a tio 1847 there were 18,000 convicts assigned as servauts among a free population of 44,000 people. Happy time! when men learned how not to do their work. It was this same convictism, that brought us this dowry of apathy and indifference. Tbe substance of transportation, like “ Julm Brown.” is dead, but its “ soul keeps marching on.” If this ghost of transportation will go flitting nbour, have nought to do with it. disown it; you have uolhingin common with it, or you should not have; it can only lead you to perdition. You have a living body, why should you voluntarily bind yourselves to this dead enrriou ? Cut it away, it is dragging you 6urcly aw ay down tbe loud to Hades. A Colonial. 