TELEORAPH FROM AMERICA TO AsIA. Colonel 13Blkelay, engin.eer-i-i-chief of the Collins' overland telegrplh and wes.trn union extension, has arrived in San Francl.co in comlpnni with vnil.ius inettnbers 'l the (organization for erecting the tel. gralph which is to connect the Unied States and Russia. About 1,501) men will he eunmloyed on land in the proposed work, besides a cn- nperatirt ftrce at sea or on the coast, Iandin, the minterial at intermnidate ports as tnavy Ie practicable. The line of te VWestern Uniin Compaany is to he extended from the Western States to New Wentminister, Briti-hCniluanbin, by thie middle of March, iani fromet tl it point it w ill be taken up by Colnel Iu.lkelee's party. They will iproceed from New \Vetr minnter to port Buhine, tihrough a country already expnloredl. From Baline Lake, in tile centre of British Columbnlia, to the Yuknu River, in the Briti.h posessinn, the country han never been exploredI, and through this wild rnegion it is the intention of the company to imake their way, a dlistance of about 3,000 mnil-s. The fleet on tie ocean will co-operate with themn as far as practicable by means of the numerous rivers on tihe coast, mnvy of which, however, mlout first be exllored. It i. the exnpectation of the company to find the sanme character of country between the Coast Hange and the uocky Mountalins in this new regionn as is found Ieetween the Coast Range ani tlhe Sitrra Nevada in the mnore southern lntitude., aend to cnuse out on tile other side on the Yukon o iver, at its head, where they rill find the first settlemeehnt after their de pirture from lisinte Lake. The river is a very large one, Ihaving several outlets in North Sound, south ut Blehring's Straits, where it is known as and call.d Kincluhpnk. 'I lie river is navigable for about 300 niles, so far as known, anld ihas for sou?e tears been, known by the Ruai. ens in their trading oper stionn. Franm the Yukan Itiver tile cuipany will proceed to Cape Prince of Wale', which is the, point of lindi nearest the cppo-ite coast of Asia. F'romo this point a senban,.rine cable will be laid iacross B.hiring's Straits, which are he re (iliy .30 3 ,milens wide. Arrived on the A-hii i ilotL Ihu 1ho riiis, thiCrey ill go around An ll d r Biay through Technktclhi (an unnettled colur y, though nit altoge.ther nnexpllured), unril they strike Penjinsk Gulf; or the Okhotsk Sea, whence they will ftllow tilt coast around Amouo)r River. T"hli; country is. settled bin the Ilussian C?ssacks, and roadsn are ,bilt the enrtire distaince. The company anticipute that by tihe time they arrive at the Ameoor Riser the tele'graph from St. Peters burg will have. Ieen coupleted to that point. -A.4a Californian. ExTRAURnn INARY SCEsE.-P?F pAo?rIG FO DY.ATH.-On Tuceday morning Jest, it in early hour, a ceremony of a very strange character occurred at the WVest Bromwich Cemetery. At about 6 o'clock, Mr. George Wilke, an octogernarian poli;. i:an, who hnd been taking a leading par.t in affairs of a local nature for malny )ear., ..,tnmlan!ed l bh) a few private frienlds, arsembled f?ir the pur pose of la)ing thle first stone of tine grave in tended foir the rece'lption or his remains lhen Ioe I'r.s sbhu:1... off this mortal coil.' The early hour at which the ceremony took place prevetr ted any roensellninge of tile in quisitive, which Mr. Wilk's nntoriety wouldet have been sure to have produced, esipeeiali a', after a lspirited contest, lie lies again betn returned a memntbe-r of tile board of? guar dians. Ar. T'. P. Iroughn, a fellow guardian, and the Fidu Achates of the explectant de ceased, was selected to p)erfLr.r tie cerernon), and was presented ,'ith an elborato silve r trowel, which had beIen expre-,ly mmanucie tured for tihe occasion by Mr. T. Broungh, jun., of Iloward street, Birmlingham. Mr. lit ough, bhaving received tile trot el, after tile usual formnlities liehad *en Inerorlned, read the followving address in a very impressive manner :-"In the name of the' ratepsyersaof It r>: Bro.naictt I do h, nJa ila. tih, fir-t brick ot the tomb ot our dearly hrlor.l1 aend .sLemtr ed rutciot, G s.r'e W\ilks, and we Lesecih The'e, 0 Lord, zt.nt ti e liil - time he hal to live i. this worl, . miy A+' i thlu r-ar and love of God, so that i: ,ia ISast 1 iii.. at- ;e Imay be able to say, 'All is s.;l, al is seil,' and may hi- n, i " - :ri: a.cild to t;.a I.lace w!icre all is lov ... . i aran, -iniaven-uni be absle to I.:r ', 'iAl i Sell.' () Lird, we beseech! Thii to fli: t ,i. tilmtb t itit tle live of the LIIul. Ghost." Altar ti,-. c. r,*.. : t.v sla i co,.clud d, .ta no! iL att. ,nd ancs received thle Elarardenit.-l'trm.ia'hamut G'ua:tte Auv. - HoIlwu?y's Ointcnt an I',ll'.s. Oid Wu'onds :re:, and l'.Ler -'Paily ex perience coaunrms the fact which his triumphed over opposition for twenty-seven years-viz.: that no means are known equal to Holloway's remedies for curing bad legs, sores, wounds, diseases of the skin, erysipelas, abscess, burns, scalds, and, in truth, all cases where the skin is broken. To cure these in fir:iu:ics quickly is of primary importance, or the compulsory confinement indoors weakens the general health. '1 he ready means of cure are found in Holloway's Ointment and Pills, which heal the sores and expel their cause. In the very worst cases the Ointment has succeeded to effecting a perfect cure after every other means had failed of giving any re lief. Desperate cases best display its virtues. 