THE NEWS BY THE MADRAS. (From thc Hmfoeme Nes.) THE TRIAL AND CONFESSION OF DR. PRITCHARD. AT ten o'clock on Monday morning, July 3rd, the trial of Dr. Pritchard, on the charge of murdering his wife and mother-in-law in Glasgow, commenced in the high court of justiciary of Edinburgh, before tboh Lord Justice Cler, Lord Ardmillan, and Lord Jerviswoodo. The court-room was crowded, and many woro disappointed in obtaining admission. The indictment charged the prisoner with adminis toring tartarisod antimony, aconite, and opium to his mother-in-law, Jano Cowpor Taylor, in porter or beer, and in a medicine called Battloey's sedative solution, between the 10th and 25th of February, 1865; ar.d it also charged him with administerirg on repeated occasions in February and March, 1865, tartarised antimony and aconite to his wife, Mary Jane Taylor Pritchard, in articles of food and mcdi cine. The prisoner entered the dock at ten exactly, dressed in deep mourning. Heo was calm and self possessed and lodoked coolly round the court when he had taken his seat. He is a stout, well-built man, prepossessing in appearance, and with sharply defined features. He wears his hair long, and has a large bushy beard, but no moustiche. The pri soner's brother, Charles Augustus Pritchard, secre tary to the naval commander-in-chief, Plymouth, by permission of the court tookn his seat beside him in tihe dock, and remained with him all day. The pro secution was conducted, in the absence of the Lord Advocate in London, by the solicitor-general, as sisted by SMr. Gifford and MIr. Chrichton, advocate's depute; the defence was conducted by Mr. A. R. Clarke, MSr. William Watson, and Mr. David 'Brand, advocates. The prisoner's counsel moved the court to separate the two charges of murder, on the ground that it embarrassed the defence to try the two crimes together. The court unanimously refused to grant the request. The prisoner was then called on to plead to the indictment, and in a clear distinct voice he pleaded not guilty, and a jury having been em panelled, the evidence for the prosecution commenced about half-past 11 o'clock. The remainder of the day was occupied by the examination of five wit nesses, three of whom were merely formal, and occu pied only a few minutes. The two important wit ilbsses were Catherine Latimer and MIary Mec Leod. The jury retired to consider their verdict about twenty minutes past one o'clock, and returned in about an hour with an unanimous verdict of guilty on both charges. The Lord Justice Clerk then sentenced the prisoner :o be executed at Glasgow dn the 28th of July, and u passing sentence said that the verdict of the jury proceeded upon evidence which could leave no rca sonablo doubt on the minds of those by whom it was considered. The prisoner, who had maintained great composure throughout the five days of the trial, seemed greatly alfected when the verdict was pronounced, and leant slightly on the policeman sitting beside him; but while the sentence was being recorded he completely regained his composure, and after sentence was passed upon him he bowed to thejudge, and also to the jury, before leaving the dock. After Dr. Pritchard's conviction he was removed from the bar of the justiciary court to the cell below, where he partook of tea. Immediately on reaching the cell whore the refreshments were set, he said to one of the policemen who had charge of him-" I'm innocent of this charge." This was the only remark he made. On going to take his place in the van he covered his face with his hat to prevent the large crowd through which he had to pass gazing upon him. On the ensuing night, July 7, the prisoner was very restless, like a person in a fever. He only slept about an hour. There were three warders with him all night, who engaged in religious exercises, tbohe prisoner joining willingly with them. Ho fre quently asserted his innocence to those around him, and said he had been convicted by mistake. It ap pears he was so confident that the verdict would be in his favour that on the Gth he stated to those around him that he would immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi. On Satur day morning, July 8, Dr. Pritchard was removed from Carlton gaol, Edinburgh, to Glasgow. under the charge of a criminal officer and three assistants. The prisoner was attired in the black dress suit which he had on during the trial. Before leaving the gaol he was shackled to the officers, and he re mained fastened in this way throughout the journey. He appeared quite composed and looked about him with the utmost coolness. His departure was wit nessed by a large number of persons who had assem bled on the platform. The following extracts are from Dr. Pritchard's diary':-"17th February, 1865.-Died hero at 1 a.m., Mary Jano, my ownboe loved wife, aged 38 years; no torment surrounded her bedside, but, like a calm peaceful lamb of God, passed Minnie away. May God and Jesus, Holy Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer till mine be o'er, everlasting love. Save us, Lord, for thy dear Son." CONFESSION OF Det. PRITCIIARD. The convict shortly after made a written confes sion of the murder of his wife. The prisoner con fossed his guilt to Mr. Oldham, Episcopalian clergy man, in a private manner; but Mr. Oldham requested that Pritchard should write the confession, and he did so. The confession states that Mary Mc'Lod, the servant girl, was aware that he was poisoning his wife, and that on the evening of his wife's death, when he administered a dose of chloroform, 1'Leod was present. Prisoner gives as a motive for poison ing his wife, his improper intimacy with M'Leod; and denies that he poisoned his mother-in-law, Mrs. Taylor-who, he says, died from an overdose of Battloy's solution. He confessed to having drugged the solution found in her pocket after death, but do nies that it was poisoned before she expired. It is said that when his brother, sister, and daughter were present with him the day previous to his confession, the latter lhad kneeled in the cell, and prayed him, if he had poisoned her mamma, to confess; and it is alleged that he then acknowledged his guilt, The following is a copy of the confession: "I, Edward William Pritchard, M.D., M.R.C.S.E., and L.A.S., &f.;, hereby make in writing, in the presence of the Rov. R. S. Oldham, M.A., the follow ing confession, for transmission by him to the proper authorities :-It was when my wife was at Ardon tinny, in the summer of 1863, that I first became intimate with the girl Mary Mc Leod, sleeping with her in my house at 22, Royal-crescent. This continued at intervals up to the time of our removal to 131, Sauchiehall- street. She became pregnant in May last [year], and with her own consent I pro duced a miscarriage. I have reason to believe that Mrs. P'ritchard was quite aware of this, and rather sought to cover my wickedness and folly. My mother- in-law, Mrs. Taylor, came last February to our house, and caught Mary Mc Leod and myself in the consulting-room ; and the day before her death, having apparently watched us, she said to me, in the same room, 'you have locked her into the cup board,' which was true; but nothing more passed. I declare MIrs. Taylor to have died in the manner I have stated; and I now believe her death to have been caused by an overdose of Battley's solution of opium. The aconite found in that bottle was put in by me after her death, and designedly left there in order to prove death by misadventure in case any in quiry should take place. Mrs. Pritchard was much better immediately after her mother's death, but subsequently became exhausted from want of sleep. I accounted for this by the shoock produced by her mother's death; and hardly knowing how to act, at her own earnest request I gavehor chloroform. It was about midnight, Mary MIoLood was in the room, and in an evil moment. (boing besides some what excited by whisky) I yilded to the tempta tion to give her sufficient to canus death-which I did. I therefore declare before God, as a dying man, and in the presence of my spiritual advisei, that I am innocent of the crime of murder, so far as Mrs. Taylor is concerned, but acknowledge my self guilty of the adultery with Mary Mc Leod and the murder of my wife. I feel now as though I had been living in a species of madness since my connection with Mary Mc Leod; and I declare my solemn repentance of my crime, earnestly praying that I may obtain divine forgiveness before I suffer the penalty of the law.-Edward William Pritchard. Witness: John Stirling governor; R. S. Oldham and John Mutiio. North Prison, Glasgow, July 11\. ".86." After the publication of the above confession, the convict was visited by the Rev. Dr. Norman Mac leod, the Rev. Dr. Miller, the Rev. Mr. Reid, Episcopalian clergyman, and the prison chaplain. It is said that after the prisoner had remarked to one of his spiritual advisers that his confession was true, he was toldjthat not a word of it was believed out of doors, and that he-the minister himself-was of the same opinion. The prisoner, it is alleged, then lay back, and looking calmly towards the ceiling of his cell, expressed himself to the effect that he had often wondered why Christ while on earth had experienced such difficulty in dealing with mnbelievers ; but that after the minister's remark he was not now surprised. On another occasion it is said that the convict began railing at his trial, and finding fault with the judge and his leading counsel, who, hlie said, he believed was in league with the crown authorities. On being reminded that a person in his position should not give vent to such expres sions, he made a remark to the effect that he could ascend the scaffold with a smile upon his face. Some day a afterwards, however, whether influenced by what his spiritual adviser had told him respect ing the universal disbelief in his statement, or actu ated by his own feelings, the convict made another confession, withdrawing the former one. Hero it is in full: "Confession by Edward William Pritchard, and made in the presence of an All-seeing God, and of the Rev. T. Watson Reid, my present spiritual adviser, on the 19th day of July, 1865, at Glasgow prison, for communication to the proper authorities. I, Edward William Pritchard, in the full possession of all my senses, and understanding the awful position in which I am placed, do make free and open confession that the sentence pronounced upon me is just; that I am guilty of the death of my mother-in-law, Mrs. Taylor, and of my wife, Mary Jane Pritchard; that I can assign no motive for the conduct which actuated me beyond a species of terrible madness and the use of ardent spirits. I hereby freely and fully state that the confession made to the Rev. R. S. Oldham on the 14th day of this month was not true, and I hereby confess that I alone, not Mary Mc Leod, poisoned my wife in the way brought out in evidence at my trial; that Mrs. Taylor's death was caused according to the wording of the indictment I further state to be true; and the main facts brought out on my trial I hereby fully acknowledge, and now plead wholly and solely guilty thereto, and may God have mercy on my soul! I pray earnestly for repentance not to be repented of and for forgiveness from Almighty God, through the intercession of our blessed Redeemer, Meldiator, and Advocate, Jesus Christ the Lord and Saviour.. Follow creatures, pray for me, and lot me add I am in charity with all men. I have now to record my humble thanks to all who have taken part in any way for my interest. First to their lordships the judges for their great patience, forbearance, and careful consideration of my case, and to the gentle men of the jury; to all the officials: I cannot help mentioning the cleric of the high court of justiciary, the governor (Mr. Smith) of the Edinburgh jail, the chaplain, Rev. Mr. Russell, head-warder Nelson, warders John Livingstone and Mackintosh; the governor of Glasgow prison, Mr. Stirling; ,Ir. Armour, head-warder; chaplain, Mr. Doran; his assistants, Messrs. Ilogg and Troup; war'eriS lMfutrio, Thomson, &c.; to Drs. Loishman and Dewar, surgeons to Glasgow prison; and Dr. Simp son, of Edinburgh jail. To the non- officials my heartfelt thanks are specially duo; to the Rev. Dr. Miller, of Free St. Mattheow's, Glasgow; and to other ministers who have written' me, not adding their names; to Dr. Norman Macleod, may God bless him; and to my own immediate faith-profes sors, Rev. R. S. Oldham and Rev. T. Watson Reid; to the police authorities, Superintendent M'Call and police at the central office, Glasgow; to sergeant Stewart, of the Edinburgh police force; and the sheriff's officers, XWilson, of Glasgow, and Ferguson, of Edinburgh; and to many others whose courtesy and kindnoess I cannot forget; above all to Sir Archibald Alison, sheriff, &c.;, for his humane, gentle treatment while undergoing his legal duties. May each and all accept the thanks of a dearly penitent sinner; and may Heaven be their reward, is the last prayer of Edward William Pritchard." There is also connected with Dr. Pritchard another case, on which perhaps he may be able to throw some light. Some three or four years ago a female servant in his employ was found burned to death in his house. She was found lying on her back on the bed, with the lower part of her person much burned, and the door was locked, but the key could not be discovered. At the time the case excited grave suspicion that she did not come by her death fairly, and it seemed almost incredible that a woman who was burnt to death should be found lying on her back. She naturally would have endeavored to save herself, and the inference drawn from the odd circumstances was that the unfortunate young woman was already dead before the bed took or was set on fire. In reference to this circumstance a Glasgow journal observes : Some facts have come to our knowledge connected with the mysterious burning of the servant in his house in Berkeley-terrace, calculated to throw a deeper shade of suspicion over the occurrence than anything in the account of it contained in the narra tives of the calamity. It is quite true that the door of the room where the servant was sleeping was locked, but it was not quite so certain that it was locked from the inside. The key was not in the lock, but was found by Dr. Pritchard in a room full of smoke, lying on the bed where the servant lay charred and lifeless. Nobody saw the key until it was in the doctor's hand, and how he could have so readily found it in so unlikely a place, amidst the dense and almost suffocating smoke, remains a mys. tery that we fear points only to one solution. On another matter-viz., the motive for the double murder of which he has been found guilty-consider able light is thrown by his relations with a wealthy heiress in Glasgow. The young lady in question had some £14,000 in her own right. Dr. Pritchard was on visiting and generally pretty familiar terms with the heiress, upon whom, simple and unsuspect ing to a degree, no blame rests. Aware of her re sources, the doctor sought a loan of some money. Before giving it the young lady consulted a friend, who advised that the money should not be given. The advice was acted upon, and the refusal broke up the correspondence. The hiatus in the intercourse thus created rendered it impossible for the prosecu tion to introduce this episode into the trial; but, had matters all gone right, it is easy to perceive what light it would have shed upon the one point in the case on which no light fell in court, and no light has yet fallen in his confession. Dr. Patterson, of Glasgow, has addressed a long letter to the Glasgow Herald in vindication of his conduct in not having communicated to anybody his suspicion that Mrs. Pritchard was being poisoned:- " Suppose," he says, " that I had been such an obvious fool as to have acted in the manner suggested by the learned counsel for the prisoner, and also by the Lord Justice Clerk, I would. have been a rash and bold man indeed, as sensibly observed by the solicitor-general. Had I denounced Pritchard to his face, or stated my suspicions to Mrs. Pritchard, or gone to the criminal authorities and informed them of my suspicions, what, I should like to know, would have bern my position P Pritchard could have brought forward no less than three medical friends, all Edinburgh graduates, viz., Professor Gairdner, and Drs. Cowan and Taylor, not one of whom suspected Mrs. Pritchard was being poisoned by antimony! Would the diagnosis of a Glasgow graduate have been believed for one moment when opposed by such a galaxy of professional talent and experience in consultation P And this, too, at a time when there could be no post-mortom examination nor chemical analysis to bear me out in the correctness of my opinion. The immediate con sequence would have been most assuredly an action for heavy and ruinous damages. It is all very fine for Mr. Clark to chaff me with being afraid of my purse and afraid of my person (Heaven knows my purse is light enough!) when he well knew that he was purposely and designedly misleading the public and the press by subtly maklting it appear that it was 4Mrs. Pritchard's death certificate that I had refused to give, and at the same time totally ignoring the fact that it was Mrs. Taylor's, who died three weeks before her daughter; and also wilfully ignoring the fact of my letter to the registrar, in which letter I did all that should have been required for the pur pose of saving Mrs. Pritchard's life had the registrar done his duty. Even as it was, after Pritchard's opprehension, but before the analysis was known, the relatives characterised me as a villain, and vowed they would have me banished; and some portion even of the Glasgow press hold me forth as a moral coward, a stabber in the dark, and the whole matter was regarded as a cruel piece of malignant profes sional jealousy." In a postscript Dr. Patterson, in fairness and in common justice to himself, calls upon the editors of all those newspapers and public journals who may have reported the Pritchard case to give his letter full insertion, so as to counteract the false and erroneous impressions which have been propagated through their medium, that he, as a medical man, stuck so much on the etiquette of his profession that he would do nothing to save the life of a human being whom he suspected of being poisoned; "and thus, I trust," he concludes, "I shall yet rise, like the phonix, out of my own ashes from the great con flagration which some of the publio journals, I hope and trust in total ignorance, have studiously endea voured to heap upon me." The convict keeps calm and composed, spending the whole day in reading the few books supplied out of the prison library, eating well and sleeping soundly. An application has already been received from a person ambitious of officiating on the morn ing of the execution. This rival to Calcraft, although quite unknown on the platform of the British gallows, states that be qualified himself for the task by a short but arduous apprenticeship during the mutiny in India, where he made his first essay amongst the rebel sopoys. The authorities, it is stated, have anreed to employ Calcraft. The following account of the criminal will pro bablv be read with some interest:- Edward William Pritchard is the son of Mr. John WVhite Pritchard, a captain in the royal navy, and was born in 1825, at Southsea, Hants. After going through the usual preliminary education he was apprenticed in September, 1840, to Messrs. Edward John and Charles Henry Scott, surgeons of considerable practice in Portsmouth. During his apprenticeship he is stated to have assiduously studied the elementary branches of his profession and conducted himself with propriety. On the completion of his apprenticeship he came to Loudon and entered on his hospital studies at King's College in October, 1843; these, also, he prosecuted with great zeal, and his friends being desirous that he should enter the naval service of his country, he memorialised the authoritias at the College of Sur geons to be allowed to offer himself for examination at an earlier period than was at that time allowed. His application having been granted, he appeared before the court of examiners on the 20th May, 1846, and, after the usual examination, was admitted a member of the college. He then underwent an ex amination before the navy board, and was duly ga zetted an assistant-surgeon in her Majesty's navy, and has several relatives in the combatant branch of that service. Those who know what the position of the medical officer in the royal navy was at that time, and which is not much improved at the pre sent time, will not be surprised that a highly edu cated and accomplished surgeon should endeavour to emancipate himself from such thraldom. He there fore embraced the first opportunity, and resigned all connexion with the royal navy, and determined on seeking private practice. Finding it was necessary to possess a double qualification, he presented him self before the Society of Apothecaries, and having passed the examination was admitted a licentiate of the hall. Ho had previously obtained (it is believed by purchase) the M.D. of Erlangen. He then pro ceeded to Glasgow, where he practised with great suc cess until his apprehension for a crime second only in atrocity to that of the notorious William Palmer. While waiting for practice he sought amusement and profit in the use of his pen, and became a laborious pontributor to the advancement of general and medical science. Many of his papers are distributed through the pages of the Medical Times and Ga zette, and the Lancet, the Transactions of the Phar maceutical, Obstetrical, and King's College Medical Societies. He was the author of A Visit to Pitcairn Island, Observations on Filey as a Watering Place, The Guide to Filey and its Antiquities, Coast Lodg ings for the Poor of Cities, &c.; Dr. Pritchard was a fellow and member of nearly twenty learned so cieties and institutions of the United Kingdom, and medical officer to several life assurance offices. In personal appearance the convict is a tall slightly built man, about 5 feet 10 inches or 11 inches in height, with sharp pointed features, aquiline nose, and does not appear older than the age stated-viz., forty-one years. 