TIE TRIAL AND CONFESSION OF DR. • PR ITCARD At ten o,clock on Monday morning, July 3rd, the trial of Dr. Pritchard,. on the charge of murdering his wife and mother-in-law in Glasgow, commenced in the High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, before the Lord Justice Clerk,-Lord Ardmillan, and Lord Jerviewoode. The court-room wias crowded, and many were disappointed in obtaining admisson. The indictment charged the prisoner with administering tartarised anti mony, aconite, and opium, to his mother in-law, Jane Cow per Taylor, in tayiioca and in porter or beer, and in a medicine called sedative solution, between the 10th and 25th of February 1865 : and it also charged him with administering on repeated occasions in February and March, 1805, tartarised antimony and aconite to.his wife Mary Jane Taylor Pritchard, In .nrticlea of?.food and medicine. The prisoner entered the dock at 10 o'clock e.actly, dressed in deep mourning. He was calm and self poueomed, and looked coolly round tbeeourt when he had taken his seat. He Isa 9lR well-built man, preposse3siug In appearance, and with sharply defined features. He wears his hair long, and has a bushy beard, but no moustache. The prisoner's brother, Charles Augustus Pritchard, secretory to the naval commander-in-chief, Plymouth, by permission of the Court took his seat beside him in the dock, aud remained with him all day. The prosecution was conducted, in the absence of the Lord Advocate in London, by the Solicitor-General, assisted by Mr. Gifford and Mr. Crichton, advocate's deputy; the defence was conducted by Mr. A. R. Clarke, Mr William Watson, and Mr. David Brand, advocates. The prisoner's counsel moved the Court to separate the two charges of murder, on the ground that it embarrassed the defence to try the two crimes together, The Court unanimously refused to grant the request. The prisoner was then called on to plead to the indict ment, and in a clear and distinct voice, he pleaded ",Not guilty," and a jury having been empanelled, the evidence for the prosecution commenced about half-past 11 o'clock. The remainder of the day was occupied by the examination of five witnesses, three of whom were merely formal, and occupied only a few minutes. The two important witnesses were Catherine Latimer and Mary M'Leod. The jury retired to consider their verdict about twenty minutes past one o'clock, and returned in about an hour with a unanimous verdict of "Guilty" on both charges. The Lord Justice Clerk then sentenced the prisoner tobe executed at Glasgow on the 28th of July, and in passing sentence said.that the verdict of: the jury proceeded upon ...evidence which.. could have no reasonable doubt on the minds of those -by'whom it was considered:' The prisoner, who had maintained great composure throughout the five days of the trial, seemed greatly affected when the verdict was pronounced, and leant slightly on the policeman sitting beside him, but while the sentence was being recorded he completely regained.composure, and after sentence was passed upon him be bowed to the Judge, and also to the jury, before leaving the dock: After D'. P.1 chard's conviction he was removed from the b r or the Justiciary Court to the cell below, wherhaeparto kof tea. Immediately on reachingthe cell where the refreshments were set, he said to one of the policemen who had charge of him-"-I'm innocent of this charge." This was the only remark he made. On going to take his place in the van he covered his face witrh hls hat to prevent the large crowd through which he had to pass gazing upon him. On the en suing night, July 7th, the prisoner was very restless, like a person in a fever. He only slept about an hour, there were three warders with him all night who engaged in religious exercises, the prisonor joiningwil lingly withthem. 'He frequently asserted hisinno cence to those around him, and said he had been con victed by mistake. It appears that he was so confi dent that the verdict would be in his favour that on the 6th he stated to those around him that he would immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi. On. Saturday morning, July 8, Dr Pritchard was removed from the Carlton Gaol, Edinbnrgh, to Glasgow, under the charge of a criuminal officer and three assistants. The prisoner was attired in the black dress suit which he had on during the trial. Before leaving the gaol he was sharckled to the officer; and he remained fastened in this way throughout the journey. He appeared quite composed and looked about him with the utmost coolness. His departure was witnessed by a large number of persns who had assembled on the platform. The following extracts are from Dr. Pritchard's diary :-" 17th February, 1866?; died, here at 1 a.m., Mary Jane, my own beloved wife, aged.. 38 years: no torment surrounded her bedside, buit like a calm, peaceful lamb of God pas sed Minnie away. "May God and Jesus, Holy Ghost, one in: :three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer he mri'e be o'er, everlasting love: Save us, Lord, for thy dear Son." cOOýYESSION. OP. DR PRITOCSARD. The convict shortly-after made a written confes-. Rion of the murder of hbiswife. The prisoner confes sed his guilt to Mr. Oldnam, Episcopalian clergyman, in a private manner, but Mr. Oldham, requested that Pritchard. should write the confession, and he did so. The confession states that Mary M'Leod, the servant girl, was aware that he was poisoning his wife, and that on the evening of his wife's death, when he administered a dose of chloroform, M'Leod was present. Prisoner gives as a motive for poison ing his Wife, his improper intimacy with M'Leod and denies that he' poisoned his meher-in-law, Mrs Taylor-who, he says, died from an over dose of Battley's solution. He confessed to having drugged the solution found in her pocket after death, but denies that it was poisoned before she expired. It is said that when his brother, sister, and daughter were present with him the day previous to his confession, the latter had kneeled in the cell, and prayed him, if he had poisoned her mamma, to confess; and it is alleged that he then acknow ledged his guilt. The following is a copy of the confession : I, Edward William Pritchard, M.D., M.R.C.S.E., and L.A., &c.;, hereby make in writing, in the presence of the Rev. I. S. Oldham, M.A., the following confession for transmission by him to the proper authorities :-"It was when my wife was at Arden tinny, in the summer of 1863, that I first be came intimate with the girl Mary M'Leod, sleeping with her in my house at 22, Royal-crescent. This continued at intervals up to the time of our removal to 131, Sauchiehall- street. She became pregnant In May last [year], and with her own consent I produced a miscarriage. I have reason to believe that Mrs. Prltchard was quite aware of this, and rather sought to cover my wickedness and folly. My mother- in-law, Mrs .Taylor, came last February to our house, and caught Mary M'Leod and myself in the consulting-room; and the day before her death, baving apparently watched us, she said to me, in the same room, ' You have locked her into the cupboard,' which was true; but nothing mere pas sed. I declare Mrs. Taylor to have died in the manner I have stated; and I now believe her death to bar been caused by an overdose of Battley's solution ofopium. T.he adonalte found in that bottle was put in by me after her'death, and designedly left there in nr ?rn, ....... ae , ... ..:..ba...s.... in esse any inquiry should take place. -Mrs Pritchard was much better immediately after her mother's death, but subsequently became exhausted from want of sleep. I accounted for this by the shock produced by her mother's death; and hardly know ing how to act, at her own earnest request I gave her chloroform. It was about midnight, Mary M'Leod was in the room, and in an evil moment (being besides somewhat excited by whbisky), I yielded to the temptation to give her sufficient to cause death--which I did. I therefore declare before God, as a dying man, and in the presence of my spiritual adviser, that I am innocent of the crime of murder. no far as Mrs. Taylor in concerned, but acknowledge myse!f 'giltyof the adultery with Mary M'Leod and the murder of my wife. I feel now as though I had been living In a species of madness since my connecton with Mary M'Leod; and I declare my solemn repentance of my crime, earnestly praying that I may obtain Divine forgiveness before I suffer the penalty of the law.-Edward William Prltchard." Witnesses: John Stirling, Governor: -R. S. Oldham, and John Mutrie, North Prison, Glasgow. July 11, 1865. After the publication of the above confession, the convict was visited by Dr. Norman Macleod, the Rev. Dr. Miller, the Rev. Mr. Reid, Episcopalian clergyman, and the prison ebhaplain. It is said that after the prisoner had remarked to one of his splri tual advisers that his cobnabsilon was .true, bhewas told that not a word of itwas believed out of doors, and that he-the minister himself-was of. the same opiion, The prisoner, it is alleged, who lay back, and looking calmly towards the ceiling of his cell, expressed himself to the effect that he had often wondered why Christ, while on earth had experien ced such difficulty in dealing with unbelievers; but that after the minister's remark he was not now surprised. On another occasion it is said that the convict begani railing at his trial, and finding fault with the judge and his leading counsel, who, he said, he believed was in league with the Crown autho rities. On being reminded that a person in his position should not give vent to such expressions, he made a remark to the effect that he could ascend the scaffold with a smile upon his face. Some days afterwards, however, whether influ enced by what his spiritual adviser had told him respecting the universal disbelief in his statement, or actuated by his own feelings, the convict made another confession, withdrawing the former one. Here it is in full:- "Confession by Edward William Pritchard, and made in the presence of an All-seeing God, and of the Rev T. Watson Reid, my present spiritual adviser, on the 19th day of July, 1865, at Glasgow prison, for communication to the proper authorities. I, Edward William Pritchard, in the full possession of all my senses, and understanding the awful position in which I am placed, do make free and open confes sion that the sentence pronounced. upon me is just; that I am guilty of the death of my mother-in- law, Mrs Taylor, and of my wife, Mary Jane Pritchard; that I can assign no' motive for the conduct which actuated me beyond a species of ter?ible maduntes and the use of ardent spirits. I hereby freely and fully state that the confession made toethe Rev R. 8: Oldham on the 11th day of this month was not true, and I hereby confess that I alone, not Mary M'Leod, poisoned my wife in the way brought out in evidence at my trial; that Mrs Taylor's death was caused according to the wording of the indictment I further state to be true; and the main facts brought out on my trial I hereby fully acknowledge, and now plead wholly and solely guilty thereto, and may God have mercy on my soul ! I pray earnestly for repentance not to be repented of and for forgiveness from Al mighty God, through the intercession of our blessed Redeemer, Mediator, and Advocate, Jesus Christ the Lord and 'Saviour. Fellow creatures, pray for me, and let me add I am in charity with all men. I have now to record my humble thanks to all who have taken part in any way for my interest. First to their lordships, the judges, for their'great patience, forbearance, and careful consideration of my case and to the gentlemen of the jury; to all the officials; I cannot help mentioning the clerk of the High Court of Justiciary, the Governor (Mr Smith) of the Edinburgh Jail, the chap lain, Rev Mr Russell, Head-Warder Nelson, Warders John Livingstone and Mackintosh, the Governor of Glasgow Prison, Mr Stirling; Mr Armour, head-warder; chaplain, Mr Doran; his assistants. Messrs Hogg and Troup ; warders Mutrie, Thomson, &c.; Drs Leishman and Dewar, surgeons to Glasgow prison; and Dr Simpson of Edinburgh Jail. To the nos- oflicials my heartfelt thanks are specially due; to the Rev Dr Miller, of Free St Matthew's Glasgow; and to other ministers who have written to me, not adding their names; to Dr Norman M'Leod, may God bless him; and to my own immediate faith erofessors, Rev R. S. Oldham, and Rev T. Watson Reid; the police authorities superintendant M'Call and police at the central' office Glasgow; to sergeant Stewart, of the Edinburgh police force; *and the sheriff's officers Wilson, of Glasgow, and Ferguson, of Edinburgh; and to many ethers, whose courtesy and kindness I cannot forget: above all to Sir Archibald Alison, sheriff, &ce.;, for his humane, gentle treatment while undergoing his legal duties. May each and all accept the thanks of a dearly penitent sinner, and may Heaven be their reward is the last prayer of Edward William Pritchard.". There is also connected with Dr Pritchard another case on which perhaps he may be able to throw some light; some three or four years ago a female servant in his employ, was. found burned to 'death, in his house. She was found lying on her back on the bed, with the lower part of her person much burned,'-and the door was locked, but the key could not be dis covered. At the time the case excited grave suspl-. cion that she did not come by her death fairly, and it seemed almost incredible that a woman who was burnt to death should be found lying on her back. She naturally would have tried to save herself, and. the inference drawn from the odd circumstances was that the unfortunate young woman was already dead before the bed took or was set on Are. In refe rence to this circumstance, a Glasgow jounral ob serves : - " Some facts have come to our knowledge connected with the mysterious burning of the servant in his house in Berkely-terrace, calculated to throw a deeper shade of suspicion over the occurrence than anything in the account of it contained in the narra tives of the'calamity. It Is quite true that the door of the room where the servant was sleeping was locked, but it was not quite so. certain that it was locked from the inside. The key was not in the lock, but was found by Dr Pritchard in a room full of smoke, lying on the bed where the servant lay charred and lifeless. Nobody saw the key until it was in the doctor's hand, and how he could have so readily found it in so unlikely a place, amidst the dense and almost suffocating smoke remains a mys tery that we fear points only to one solution. On another matter, viz., the motive for the double mur der of which he has been guilty-considerable light is thrown by his relations with a wealthy heiress in Glasgow. The young lady in question had sonme £14,000 her own right. Dr Pritchard was on visiting and generally pretty familiar terms with the heiress, upon whom, simple and unsuspecting to a degree, no blame rests. Aware of her resources, the doctor sought a loan of money. Before giving it the young lady consulted a friend, who advised that the money should not be given. The advice was acted upon, and the refusal broke up . the correspondence. The hlatus in the intercourse thus created rendered it impossible for the prosecution' to introduce this episode into the trial: but had matters all gone right, it is easy to perceive what light'it would have shed upon the one point in the- case .on which no I5.k4 r..ui I. nne.> <.a1 na liaht ha. VMt f 1nro In his confession. Dr Patterson of Glasgow," has 'iddressed a long letter to the Glasgow Herald,..in vindication of his conduct in not having communicated to anybody his suspicion that Mrs Pritchard was being poisoned : 6" Suppose," he says "that I had been such an obvious fool as to have acted in the manner sug gested by the learned counsel for the prisoner, and also by the Lord Justice Clerk, I would have been a rash and bold man indeed. as sensibly observed the Solciltor-General. Had. I denounced Pritchard to h's face, or stated my suspicions to Mrs Pritchard, or gone to the criminal authorities and informed them of my suspicions, what, 1 should like to know, would have been my position? Prltchard could have broulnt forward no less than three medical friends, all Edinburgh graduates, viz., Professor Gairderor, and Drs Cowan and Taylor, not one of whom sus pected Mrs Pritchard was being poisoned by anti mony! WVould the diaganosis of a Glasgow gradu-. ate have been believed for one moment when oppo sed by such a galagy of professional talent and ex perleoee in consultation? And this, too, at a time when there could he no post-mortem examination nor chemical analysis to bear me out in the correct ness of my opinioh. The immediate consequence would have been most assuredly an action for heavy and ruinous damages. It is all very fine for Mr Clark to chaff me with being afraid of my purse and my person (Heaven knows my purse is light enough) I when he well-knew that he was purposely and de signedly misleading the public and the press by subtly making it appear that it was Mrs Prltchard's death certificate that I had refused to give, and at the same time totally ignoring the fact that it was Mrs Taylor's who died three weeks before her daugh ter, and also wilfully ignoring the fact of my letter to the registrar, in which letter I did all that should have been required for the purpose of saving Mrs Pritchard's life had the registrar done his duty. Even as it was, after Pritchard's apprehension, but before the analysis was known, the relatives charac terised me as a villian, and vowed -they would have me banished; and some portion even of the (Glasgow press held me forth as a moral coward, a stabber in the dark, and the whole matter was regarded as a cruel piece of malignant professional jealousy." In a postscript Dr Patterson in fairness and in common justice to himself, calls upon the editors of all those newspapers and public journals; who may have reported the Pritchard case to give his letter full insertion, so as to counteract the false and erro neous impressions which have been propagated through their medium, that he, as a medical man stuck so much on the etiquette of his profession than, he wonld do nothing to save the life!of' a human being who he suspected of beidg .poisoned; " and thus, I trust," he conclundes, ''I shall yet rise like the phoenir, out of my own ashes from the.great confla gration which some of the public journals, I hope and trust in total ignorance, have -tudiously endea voured to heap upon me." The convict keeps calm any' composed, spending the whole day in reading the fed boo6k iupplied out of the prison lihraay, eattiI wtfl' ah?' sleeping soundly.. An application his itlready been received from a person ambitious' of obfiaiat -on the mor niug'of the execution. This lvaJ to Calcraft, al though quite.unkuowu ca the.platfQui i ;lhe B13ritish gallows, states that he qualified hinself for the task by a short but arduous apprenticeship ..during the munity in India, where he made his first essay amongst the retbel sepoys. lThe authoritie.,, itis stated have agreed to employ Caleraft. The following account o? the. crimninal will pro bably be read with some interest...... Edwtarl. William Pritchard ip the son of Mr John. White Pritchard, a captadu in. the.Royal navy, and was born in 1825, at Southsea,; Hants. After going through the usual prellminary education, he was apprenticed in September,, 184a, to Messrs. Edward John and Charles Henry Scott,..surgeons of consider able practice in Portsmouth. DPring his apprentice ship he is stated to have assiduously studied the elementary branches of his profession and conducted himself with great propriety. ,On the completion of his apprenticeship. he same to London; and entered on his hospital studies at King's College, in October, 1843; these also, he prosecuted with great zeal, and his friends being desirous that he should enter the naival service of his country, hememorialised the authorities at the College of Surgeons to be all. wed to offer himself for examination at an earlier period than was at that time allowed; his application having been granted he appeared before the Court of Examiners on the 20th of May, 1846, and after the usual examination, was admitted -a member of the college. He then underwent:a qexamination before the Navy board, and was duly gazetted an assistant surgeon in her Majesty's navy,.and has several rela tives in the combatant branch of that service. Those who know what.the position of, the medical officer in the royal army was at that, time, and which is not much improved at the present time, will not be sur prised that a highly educated and accomplished sur geon should endeavour to emancipate himself tirom such thraldom. He therefore embraged the first op portunity, and resigned all connection with the royal navy, and determined on seeking private practice. Finding it was necessary to possess a double .qualifl-. cation, he presented. himself- before the 'Society. of Apothecaries, and having plased .the examination was admitted a licentiate of tie ball. He had pre viously obtained. (it is betieveft4 by purchase) -the "MD" of Erlangen. He than pgoceeded tg.Glasgow, where he practised with great success, until his ap prehension for a crimcl sei:icfid 'inly' in atrocity to that of the notorious WilliaA --Falmer. ?While waiting for practice he sought: amiusement in the use of his pen, and became a laborious contributor to the advancement of general" 'had" medical scienice ; many of his papers are didftrihiited. through thed pages of 'the Medical Times' iid' Gazette, and the Lancet, (the Transactions of' tlihe' Pharceutical, Ob stetrical, and King's College Medical Societies. H'o was the author of a. "Visit to' :Piteirn Island, - "Observation on Filey as a' Wirtering Place," "The Guide to'Filey and its Antiquities,"" Coast Lodging for the Poor of Cities," &c.; 'Dr Pritchard was a fel low and member of nearly twenty learned societies and institutions in the United. Kingdom, and medi cal officer to several life assuratic 'ofces. In per sonal appearance the convict l'4 a'tall, slightly built man, about 5 feet 10 inches or'11 in height. with sharp pointed features; aquiline nose, and does not appear older than the age stated-forty-one years. - At this time all England who can get away are travelling. The Alpine Club:'has, as usual, Invaded Switzerland. But this year a terrible" incident has marked the mountain campaign. One. height alone had defied the bold adventurers from this island the Matterhorn, whose up-darting form may be seen in any good general photograph of Swiss scenery. This year it had been vowed that this maiden moun tain should be escaladed, and it has been done. but at a fearful price. A party of Englishmen ascended and the last height was gained. T~hey were descend ing, fastened together, when one 'bf them fell, and dragged the others. The rope broke, and some were saved, but four men, Lord Francis Douglas, the Rev Mr I-uoson, Mr Haddo, and a guide, went over the edge of a precipice, said to be 4000 feet high. A clergyman who has written to the Times has furnished the story. Lord Douglas's body was searched for in .vain on the field ot snow to Whigh they had fallen he lies In some abyss. The.'remieins of the others were found, but they could nat be removed, and all were buried together, near ?b?ere they fell. The mountain has avenged its vrjiolatehhanour, Another Englishman has Since met his deat.h'.b a fearful fall' after an ascent, but the magnitude of. the previous incdlent naturally preventsi*tuch conversation on the .. , .. , .. .'?1 S I... * ^¢ ?,,?.·· l l ,.,A|?trn p ,t~trlal rri?.;. away in vain, yet who would !trys to. restrain the English love of enterprise ?: ,NotjI am sure, those who have raised a monumentto.-Burke and his friend. " .: The other afternoon great alarti was occasioned by the outbreak of a fire in Marltborough House, the residence of the Prince of V'~les. Tie disastercom imenced in one of the rooms oni the upper floor of the mansion, and before the fire eduld be subdued much damage was done to the root. of the building. For tunately, by the timely arrival of the fire brigade the flames were extinguished before further damage than that just mentioned had been done. The Prince went to work indefatigably, and when the flames were put out he was so begrimed with' smoke as to be scarcely recognisable.-Another fire of alarming magnitude burst out recently in the cane warehouses of Messrs Myers, of Southwark-bridge-road. There was a very short supply of water for some time, and even when the river float hose was brought, their power was unavailing till ton late to he of any use. Blackfriars, Southwark, and London bridges were as thronged as on the occasion of the Tooley-street fire, and even Waterloo Bridge had marlny hundreds of on-lookc'rs. The premises burnt comprised an enor mous block of buildings five stories high. Several adjacent storehouses were much injured. It is cal Scuiated that the loss of property occasioned by the I fire is upwards of 080,000. The warehsuses des~ I troyed were very large, covering nearly half an acre of ground.-Other serious fires have occurred both -in the metropolis and in the provinces, by which pro '.perty to an immense amount has been destroyed. 