INGLEWOOD. An Inglewood Ghost. — Persons unacquainted with the physiology of ghosts assert that they are not to be found out of the old settled countries of Europe. However, they show a lamentable igno- norance of fact, as ghosts have been known to exist even so far away as the Australian colonies. The neighborhood of Sydney was at one time honored by the presence of one, whose chief delight was to sit upon a particular rail on a moonlight night ; wniie boutn Australia and Tasmania each have legends of ghostly .visitations. We need not, how ever, go further away than the 'Robie Burns' Reef, close to our own doors, to find one, or rather to hear, for his ghostship', like many a feathered songster, only reveals his presence through the medimm of sounds, and knockings have been heard down below; that strange thumps have been given to the doors of tents, and that noises like those produced by mining tools being thrown violently about have disturbed the repose of the innocent occupiers. The ghost has, however, never put in an appearance, but has hitherto eluded the efforts of those daring enough to desire a personal interview with him, contenting himself by terrifying them and driving them off his territory. This he has succeeded, in one instance at least, in doing. He, however, still continues his noisy behavior, as several parties can testify. Pos sibly there is some large treasure below which he is anxious to keep to himself, or, as others have solemnly asserted, some foul deed has been com mitted, and the spirit of the victim cannot rest con tented till it is brought to light.— Inglewood Adver- ' User, March 7. Tee following singular instance of blindness caused by mining, at the Poverty Reef, Tarnagulla, is chronicled by the Inglewood Advertiser. Our contemporary says.:—' The shafts in this reef are perhaps the deepest in the colony, and for some time past especial attentionhas been devoted to the deep ening of the shafts with a view of striking what is termed the second reef. Some few weeks ago this second reef was struck, and great was the rejoic ing thereat, for upon it the prosperity of the town to a very great extent depended. Some valuable stone was raised, but the work was some what retarded in consequence of the water not ' draining easily to the engine shaft. In order, to overcome this difiiculty, contracts were entered into for the purpose of putting in a drive, commu nicating from the engine shaft to the workings. After the drive had been put in, the men engaged on the work were found to be stricken with tempo rary blindness, and, this having occurred in several instances, the work was thrown up by the contrac tors. In consequence of this a new contract has been entered into, the proprietors of the claim making a strict bargain that a large number of men should be employed, so that constant relays of workers should be available. Notwithstanding this, cases of blindness have lately occurred, and so risky is the work considered that as much as £5 per foot is being paid for driving. The opinion is held pretty generally that when a communication between the two shafts is established, the foul airs causing the evil will be withdrawn by the natural ventila tion.' ? 