, We take the following from the letter of the * Home Neios, and from other portions of its ~.bolumns: UNITED KINGDOM. I have to register the birth of a new prince, of .whom the Princess of Wales was somewhat suddenly, but safely, delivered on Saturday, 3rd June. The royal mother is quite recovered, and ' tfcie infant prospers. The Prince ntakes himself exceedingly popular by his energy and kgQod f nature. He seems only too happy to do. whatever ' js asked of him, and perhaps his advisers might u occasionally hint to him that some persons take undue advantage of his kindness. For instance, . a- magnificent hotel has.' just been opened in | I Langham-place. It . ,is a bold and honorable ~ speculation. But I. do'not think that the Prince /of Wales should have been asked to " inaugurate" * what, after all, is a' public- house. At Epsom, at Ascot, on board, the Great Eastern (now laden ] with the Atlantic telegraph, and preparing to "ftart), at the operas, and theatres, and almost everywhere else, the Prince of Wales has been present. His royal mother continues in retire ment, but not so closely as heretofore, and the Queen has lately held a Court. . When American affairs were last alluded to in this journal, we had not heard of the capture of Mr Jefferson Davis. The late President of the Confederacy was hotly pursued, and was captured, with his family. The latter were speedily sent away by President Johnson, but Mr Davis was committed to close confinement, and it is alleged, and as it appears with truth, that he was manacled, and compelled to eat the coarse rations supplied to ordinary criminals. . »- Let me note a most melancholy story from Switzerland. A young bride, Mrs Arbuthnot, niece of Lord Granville, was on her wedding tour. Her husband took her up one of the Swiss moun tains, with a guide. At a certain point the young wife said that she would sit down and rest, and the two men went on a little further, but not out of the range of her sight and voice. A thunderstorm came rapidly on, and they hurried back to the lady to find her dead. A flash of lightning had struck her. I recollect nothing more sad. Re flection brings a somewhat similar incident of more than a century ago to one's mind, when a casualty by lightning happened in humble life, and it will be remembered by Pope's lines and Lady Mary's rather heartless scoff. The cry of a certain party is very bitter. They have attempted to fix the name of Atheist on Mr Mill, because a detached passage from his review of Mr Mansel reads somewhat boldly. But no candid reader doubted its meaning, and the other day Mr Mill himself wrote to one of his com mittee on the subject, and said that he did not understand that Mr Mansel's writings were Re ligion, nor that declaring he would worship none but a good God was Atheism. It is probable that some of my readers will re member a graceful and elegant actor, Leigh Murray. He was very successful in the young heroes of comedy and the French drama. an<-' we expected still higher things from him. But he was prostrated by illness, and has been for nearly two years confined to his room. Being somewhat better, it has been resolved to send him abroad .accompanied by his most loyal and devoted wife. ! A benefit for that purpose takes place to-morrow. The Prince of Wales patronises the effort, the Duke of Cambridge contributes liberally, and the Committee is a very distinguished one, for Leigh Murray is a gentleman, aud cultivated good society, in which he was a favorite. ;It appears that the number of persons receiving relief in the Manchester district from guardians and local committees was loxver in May than at any time since the cotton famine commenced, being 75,784. In July last year the number sunk as low as 83,063, and has since been as high as 149,923. The number is now lower by 3,000 than it was in February, 1862, before the relief committees were established. "The Roupell forgeries, it is said, are to be re vived at the approaching assizes at Chelmsford. The case to be tried was originally brought to re cover an estate near Romford, Mr Roupell, the heir-at-law, being the plaintiff. He sought to re- j cover the property on the ground that a deed uf J gift, under which the estate had been conveyed to j William Roupell during the lifetime of his father was a forgery. William Roupell, formerly M.P. for Lambeth, will be put in the witness-box, as he was on a previous occasion, to prove the forgery. The property in question amounts to about L30G,000, and the point raised is whether the late M^P is telling the truth or not when he says the signature is a forgery. If the plaintiff should ob tain a verdict in his favor, the necessary result .will be that the whole of the vast property made away with by Mr Roupell will revert to his family, and those who have paid their money for it will lose it. A Fenian has been arrested in Liverpool on the charge of robbery. On his person the following oath was found:-" I now, in the presence of Almighty God, solemnly swear allegiance to the Irish Republic now virtually established, to take tip arms in its defence at a moment's notice ; aud that I will, to the best of my power, defend its territory and independence; and will implicitly obey the commands of my superior officer. So help me God." The friends of Mr Cobden in Manchester and its neighborhood have subscribed liberally towards his family. Within a radius of twelve miles a sum of L20,000 has been subscribed, and money for four statues. Mrs Cobden has declined a pension of Ll,500 per annum offered by the Go vernment, in acknowledgment of the eminent ser vices of her deceased husband. The family of Mr Cobden are understood to be left in comfortable | pecuniary circumstances. The papers relating to the conferences which have taken place between Her Majesty's Govern ment and the Canadian delegates have beeu pub lished. Briefly stated, the results of those nego tiations are that the Government approve of the Confederation scheme, and will give every assist ance in carrying it out; that the Government will recommend the guarantee of a loan for the carry ing out by Canada of the fortifications recom mended by Colonel Jervois, and will provide the necessary armament so soon as the provincial legislature had expressed its opinion on the matter; that the Government will do all it can to procure a renewal of the Reciprocitjr Treaty; that the Government will recommend the guaranteeing of a loan to pay the indemnity to the Hudson's Bay Company for the north-western territory, which is to be made over to Canada; and, finally, the Government gives assurances of its desire to assist Canada as far as possible. The Conservatives, says a contemporary writer of political gossip, mean to make a desperate effort to gain a majority in the next Parliament. Every city, borough, and county, wherever Con servatispi has the ghost of a chance, is to be con tested. The time is come, they feel, when they must, win the prize of office or give up all hope of it for years to come, and no labor nor money will be spared to gain their ob ject. " But it is confidently asserted by the Go vernment election agents that the next Parliament ?will be very much like this, and if .any change takes place it will be in favor of the Government. It is not, improbable, however, that Conservatism will gain somewhat. The Conservative agents are more active than those ot the Government, and more experienced. Moreover, it is observable that in few cases do Conservatives fight Conserva tives; whereas, for three Liberal candidates to try for two seats is a very common occurrence. But compact as the Conservatives seem to be, $hey are not really so. Jn consequence the cholera paying broken out in Egypt the whole of the India, China, and Australian mail was sent from the General Post office, on 20th June, in boxes, instead of bags, to prevent infection from being carried out of Egypt by the mail passing through that country. A return has been furnished to Parliament by the Marquis of Hartington, showing that the ex penses incurred on a'.l classes of Armstrong guns, their fittings, projectiles, &c.;, including the 100 pounder smooth bore.guns, since the date of the return furnished to Mr Monsell's committee in Mayy .1863, amounted to 1/285,418 0s 8d. The changes and alterations in the same period have cost L15,527 2s 4d, while the extra cost in pro viding projectiles, &c.;, in consequence of altera tions, has been L5032 4s 2d. The return is made up to the date of the last balance-sheet (31st March, 1S64) ; the expenses incurred during the present year cannot be accurately shown until the next balance-sheet, up to 31st March, 1865, is ready. This may be expected to be completed about July. The end which is to - crown the good work of establishing telegraphic communication between England and America rapidly approaches. The electric cable has now all been shipped, and is carefully laid down in three enormous coils in the hold of the huge ship in which it is to perform its important voyage. The mechanicians and the electricians have both completed their work, and handed it over to the custody of Captain Ander son and the host of expert operators who are carefully to lay it along the bottom of the Atlantic ocean. On the 5th or 6th of July the Great Eastern proceeds to Valencia, and the work of the voyage will he at once begun. With fine weather, twelve days is the time reckoned on for the voyage between Valencia and Newfoundland. It is hoped that messages will be delivered in August, for which the company to propose (experimentally) to charge L2 per word. A merchant in New York will thus be able for L40 to obtain intelli gence of the state of the London markets in about five minutes, but as there are six hours difference in the time between London and New York, he will, actually receive intelligence of the closing prices in London in time to regulate his own transactions by them for the same date. Thanks to the difference of latitude, the truly American feat will be performed of delivering intelligence in New York six hours in anticipation of its despatch from London. During the whole of the night of 29th May.arid the following morning a violent gale prevailed in London. The trees at Battersea, Kensington, and Victoria Park were much injured by the wind, and considerable damage was done to the garden crops, but no serious accident was reported. In the neighborhood of Norwich the gale was very high on the moniing of the 30th. The dust was whirled about in blinding eddies, and leaves and branches of trees were torn off and strewed about in all directions. It subsided towards noon. At Wakefield the gale sprang up on the night of the 29th, and continued with unabated violence throughout the next day. A rifle corps drill-shed and armoury was partially blown down. The ac counts which have come in from the country dis tricts round Wakefield have brought further par ticulars of the destructive effects of the gale to the crops At Leeds the gale began about 4 a.m. on the 27th, and was at its height at six. Many trees in the town anu neighborhood were up rooted. The gale commenced at Liverpool in the evening, and during the night it rose to a tempest; the greatest pressure to the square foot, as regis tered at the Uiidenvriter's-rooms, was 31.3. At Hull, great damage was done to the shipping in the Humber. A most deplorable fire took place in the Leaden hall Market at an early hour one morning re cently. The scene of the catastrophe was the Poulterers1 Arms Tavern, one of those old timber and lath buildings which may still be met with in the metropolis. In consequence of the inflam mable nature of the materials, the fire spread with terrible rapidit}r, and several other houses were sacrificed to its fury. The inmates, some of whom threw themselves out of the window, and escaped more or less injured, were all asleep when the fire was discovered. Worse than all, the lives of two of the inmates of the tavern-the cook and the barmaid-were sacrificed, although ever}' effort appears to have been made to rescue them as well as the other inmates. A courageous attack on a burglar was made by three Yorkshirewomen onarecent night. Just after midnight the cottage of Mr John Binns, of Nor wood-green, near Halifax, was entered through the window by a man. The only inmates at the time were three women, who, on hearing a noise in the room below, went downstairs and found a man in the house. They seized him, and he was thrown upon the floor. However, a scuffle en sued, in the course of which one of the women opened the door and the other two pushed him out. Upon examination it was discovered that a Lo-note had been stolen, the savings of a young woman a lodger at the house. The burglar un fortunately was not caught. The following are the correct numbers of per sons qualified to vote for members of Parliament for the city of London at the ensuing general elect-ion : - Liverymen, 5,534 ; householders, 17,445-total, 22,979. At a recent meeting of the Common Council it was agreed, with two dissenting voices, that a bust of the late Mr Cobden should be placed in the common hall, the cost of which should not exceed L200. A letter from Mrs Cobden, ac knowledging the address of condolence presented to hc-r by the Council on licr husband's death, was ordered to be recorded on the journals of the court. The Langham Hotel, a building of vast size, erected in Langhatn-place, near Regent-street, was opened to a wideiy-exteuded list of friends of the directors a few days ago. The Prince of Wale?, with Prince Edward of Saxe- Weimar, visited the hotel in the morning, and in the after noon it was thrown open to about 2,000 people. The building is now open to the public. The site of the Junior Carlton cost L76,000, and the entire cost of the site and building will be about L150,000. According to iVyvjor C. H. Owen, R.A., Pro fessor of Artillery at the Royal Military Academy, the cost, per ton, of the different species of gun are-the cast-iron gun, L21; the Armstrong, L100; Ivrupp's steelgun, L170 ; the Whitworth, L175. A shocking suicide has taken place in a first class carriage of a train proceeding from Victoria Station to the Crystal Palace. As the train was passing through the tunnel close to the station a lady and gentleman, seated in a first-class car riage, were startled by hearing a report as of a fog signal, and on the train emerging to the light they discovered that a respectably-dressed young man, who happened to be in the same compartment with them, had shot himself, and was quite dead. The deceased has been identified, lie was a grocer, aged twenty-one. The cause of the suicide is stated to be the failure of a project to open a grocer's shop in Higli-street, Whitechapel, on the realisation of which he was to have married a young woman residing at New-cross. Owing to the falliug through of his business scheme, the marriage did not come off, and the double dis appointment induced him t<) destroy his life as etated above. He left in his pocket a note re questing that his body might be taken to the New-cross Station. At the weekly meeting of the Metropolitan Board of Works, the proposed gratuity of L10,000 to;Mr Bazalgette and his assistant engineers came under discussion. Several petitions and remon strances were presented against the grant; a legal opinion was read casting doubt on its validity, but it was added that the board might make such pay ment as it thought fit to the engineers to secure their services for the future; and finally, after a long discussion, a motion that the grant was ex cessive, and premature was carried by a small majority. A serious accident took place the other night at the New Grosvenor Hotel, Pimlico. A "lift" for conveying persons to the upper rooms of the hotel by means of machinery, was performing its functions, when the beam by which the "lift" was suspended gave way. The " lift," and the machine^ connected with using it, all fell to the ground. One of the parties was killed, and a gentleman's servant'had his leg broken, of which he has since died. " 