ST. FRANCIS XAVIER'S HALL. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the St. Francis Xavier's Hall, in connection with the Catholic Institute, took place on Assumption Day, August 15. Prior to the ceremony proper. High Mass was celebrated in the Cathedral, rhe Rev. T. Bomgaerts officiated as High Priest, the Rev. Michael O'Connor as Deacon, the Rev. Chas. von der Heyde as Sub-Deacon, and the Rev. F. T. Russell as Master of Ceremonies. The mass having been concluded, the above named rev. gentlemen conducted the Very Rev. John Smyth Administrator Apostolic to the sore adjoining the Cathedral eastward, where the new Hail will stand. The usual attendants, carrying the incense, holy water, &3., formed a part of the profession. Arrived on the platform in front or the stone, Mr. Malcolm Hsnry Davis advanced and read the following address:— " To the Rev. John Smyth, Ad. Aps. "We, the Catholics of Adelaide, assembledTto-day on the ? I?Ri. doul^ c? tion. of tas ng the foundation-stone of B building which we hope and believe will greatly conduce to the edification and enlightenment of the Oatholiccoramunity, cannot allow this opportunity to pass without testifying in some degree the high respect and esteem in which we hold you as our pastor. " In commemoration of the event, and as most appropriate to the present occasion, we beg your acceptance of the ac companying testimonial." The address was signed on behalf of the Catholics cent rally by Messrs. Malcolm, Henry Davis, J. W E"an S Pearse Creagh, J. J. Crouin, if. McDonald, L Shinners Michael Mcilullen, Patrick Fitzpatrick, E. McEUisler. Joan George Daly. W. McJTamee, Mr. E. W- Wbight, one of the architects, said he had been deputed on that occasion to request the Rev. Mr Smyth's acceptance of a trowel, with which miefat lay the foundation-stone of that building. He hoped he would keep it as a memento of that exceedingly auspicious occa sion, and that in after years he would look upon it with delight as being the instrument with which was laid the foundation-stone of a building, upon which his congregation wonld look with pride, and also as a mark of the esteem which they bad for him. He trusted that that might not be the last occasion upon which he would have to use It Mr. Wright then handed the trowel to-the Rev. Mr. Smyth, who Bald—Gentlemen, yon may rest assured that I feel deeply gratified with this beautiful gift upon this, as yonbave justly described it, very auspicious erosion. I hope in future years-Tor I shall treasure it long—that the remembranoeof this beautiful gift will ne lp tocement between myself and my congregation those feelings which should and have always subsisted between ns as Pastor and people, lou will please say to the gentlemen who deputed you. Mr. Wright, to present me with this trowel, that I return them and you my sincere thanks. The trowel, which was supplied by Mr. John Davis, was elegantly chased, and bore the following inscription, which Very Key. John Smyth, Ad. Aps., on the occasion 4 .f laying the foundation- stone of St. brands Xavier's Hall. Adelaide on the Feast of the Assumption. 1565 " The Admesistratos Apostolic then commenced reading the Latin service from the Pontifical ritual The rev gen tleman then descended the platform, and, crossine the stone on each side, repeated the words-" In nomine Patris et Filio. et Spiritnj Sancti, Amen. 1' He then read the fol lowing translation of the document, which, with a number of medals and coins, were placed in toe bottle, to be deposited under the stone:—"On the Festival of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Mary to Heaven 1865 in the year of the Pontificate of Pius Pope IX , the 20th • of Victoria, the first Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, the 28th; SirDominio Daly, being Governor of the Province • the See ot Adelaide being vacant; a large concourse or people being present; the assisting Priests being Patrick Thomas Knssell, Tbeodor Bomgaerfa. Charief von der Heyde. Michael O'Connor, and C. A. Reynolds ??• V^. Joho SmvUl> Administrator Apos tolic of the Diocese of Adelaide, laid this fonnoation etone of St. Francis Xavier'e HalL" The stone was then duly laid, the rev. gentleman saying.-—"ln the faith of Jesus Christ we place this first stone of this foundation in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost that here, through faith, may flourish the fear of God and brotherly love; that this place may be destined to invoke an4 praise the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, with Father and Holy GbO?t, lives and reigns one God for ever and ever. Amen." The stone having been properly adjusted, the Rev. Mr. Smyth, with the priests and attendants, walked round the foundations, reading the service of consecration, the Choir, in the meantime, singing ** Miserere." On retaining to the platform the rev. gentleman addressed the people- He said they had commenced a work that day which he might pay was second only to the Cathedral adjoining. The Catholics had for many years been desirous of doing much good in Adelaide, but from want of a room in which t J work they had been compelled either to leave it undone or to only half finish it Works—the direct offspring or the doctrines of the Catholic Church—hud sprung up around them, and the Catholic ideas bad taken root, but these ideas had only been able to rise to the surface or attain such growth as healthy plants could attain in a limited space. It bad been felt this long time that a. room was required for work which, althongh it could not be appro priately done in the cathedral or the church, was still of a religious character. They wanted a room, and they deter mined to have a room, and the; were accordingly met to lay the foundation-stone of the building which was required. Large and beautiful as it would be. it would hardly afford the accommodation which was required. He could truly say that very few rooms ever had eo much work before it as St. Francis Xavier's Hall. The Catholic Young Men's Society wanted a place to hold their monthly meetings, lectures readings, and recitations. They wanted a place also for their quarterly soirees, which ware given for instruction and amusement. Besides this, a reading room was veiy much required, and a library, which could be easily acquired if there was a place to keen it. A rich Catholic library would very shortly be formeu in St. Francis Xavier's Hall, where the young men of the city might spend an hour or two very usefully. Why, also, should they notTiave a museum? They were so circum stanced as to be enabled to bring together without much trouble many of the products of this beautiful country, and specimens also from their rich mines, which the young men might study, and thus learn to love more ana more this the land of their birth or adoption. That Hall would also have to afford accommodation for the instruction of the young people of the flock. The lambkins of the fold would there receive the rudiments of education, without any danger of perversion from the faith in which they were baptized. There they would meet under the im mediate superintendence of the Christian Brothers to receive their education, and they wonia go home again without causing any doubt iu the mind of the father or mother that their child's faith had been tampered with between the morning and evening. The Hall would bear the same name as the Cathedral—the name of the great Catholic missionary of India—and/like twin sisters, they would act upon each other reciprcsally. He said at the beginning that they fonud themselves as persons in confinement in a dungeon which was too low and too short for either an upright or recumbent position, and they determined to force through it They had beeun the work, and there should not be a farthing of debt upon the building when it was finishei. They could see their way clear to almost the last farthing ; but, of course, he spoke this calculating upon the assistance which WBS usually afforded when the foundation-stone of a building was laid. This building had peculiar claims, not only on the Catholic part, bat also on the whole of the com munity. It was a blessing in their midst and an ornament to their city, and he trusted all would therefore give according to their generosity and conscience in aid ot St. Francis Xavier's Hall. He then invited persons to lay their offerings on the stone. The lai^e sum of £.l\ 12s. was then laid upon the stone, and the ceremony concluded. The proposed Lecture-room will be 76 by 35 feet, and the height from the floor to the ridge will be 4 i feet. Committee and Reading- rooms will be attached—the measurement of which will be respectively 15 feet by 16 feet 6 inches, and 16 feet 6 inches by 19 teet 6 inches. There will be an open timber roof, covered with elate, and tbe curved ribs will rest upon corbies. An ornamental iron ridding-will run along the top of the roof. The walls will be of Glen Osmond stone, pointed, with brick quoins. As the firontetevation will face the north there will be no windows, so as to keep tbe building ascoolas possible, but there will be six bays on each side. The style of architecture will be the early English, and there will be little ornamentation. The price tor the present contract, which does not include the Committee and Reading rooms, is XL.SS3, and the whole buiidtng is likely to be finished in fiv? or six monthi. The architects are Messrs. Wright & Woods, and the builder Mr. M. McUulleu. We may mention that photographs were taken of the scene at the time the Rev. Mr. Smyth was laying the atone. 