VARIETIES. THE SHAH'S JEWELS— The gem of the whole collection was the far-famed Deriah Noor, or Sea of Light, taken by Nadir Shah from Mohammed, the Mogul Emperor of India. This superb diamond was set in plain gold as the buckle of a sword belt. In form it is oblong, about two inches in length, one and a-half in breadth, and in thickness not three- quarters of an inch. It is perfectly plain, not being cut in angles as is usual with diamonds. The front is quite smooth, and it seemed exactly like a bit of very thick plate glass. This celebrated diamond is considered egual in fineness and water to the renouned Koh-i- Noor, or Mountain of Light, now in the possession of the Queen, which taken from India at the same time, after various adventures fonnd its way into the Trea sury of Sunjeet Singh, the Sikh chief, and thence into English hands. A great number of uncut emeralds and some very large turquoises were shown to us and also a large quantity of embroidery ornamented with pearls, some of which were very large: Most of the emeralds were full of flaws, but they were of enormous size, some crystals being nearly three inches in length, and of corresponding breadth. A very handsome kaleoun of state of green enamel, ornamented with emeralds, was no less remarkable for the simplicity and elegance of its shape than from the rich inateroals of which it is composed. All the?e treasures were handed to us without hesi tation, and passed from hand to hand round the circle. We were surprised indeed at the little care seemingly taken of jewels representing such enormous wealth, the loss of one of which would infallibly have entailed that of the guardian's head. — Ussher's Journey from London to Persepolit. Mistaking a Mak fob a Hobse. —Two gentle men were travelling up to London from the last meeting of the Social Science Association. They had as a fellow- traveller a person of unmistakeable " horsey " appearance, who for a long time took no interest in the conversation of the friends, which happened to be chiefly on philosophy and history. " I think," at last eaid one of them, " that Maeaulay's style was sometimes not unlike Voltaires" At this the "horsey" individual, who had been dozing, opened his eyes with an expression of much relief at what he thought was a sudden and agreeable change in the conversation, and broke in, " I tell you what, I never saw Maoaulay, but if his style was anything like old Voltaire's he must have been a good sort, for Voltaire did get over his ground uncommonly fast. And he was the sire of Voltiguer; that's some thing too!" In the innocence of their hearts, bis two auditors expressed their inability to compre hend bis ipfMtning, and one of them ventured to ob serve that he never knew Voltaire had a eon of that name. " Where were you bred not to have heard of Voltigeur, who beat the Dutchman for the Don caster Gup, and iron the Leger, too, after a dead heat with ?" Hie was interrupted by an assurance that it was not Voltaire the borse, but Voltaire'the great French writer, that they referred to. Their disap pointed " horsey " companion looked astonished, and, in the indignation of the moment, muttered, "Ifs a much greater honor to have been the sire of euch a horse as Voltiguer than to have written all the books that ever you Social Science fellows addled you brains over!" " Private Accoutres."—There ia no reason what ever why any man solvent and living in a city should ever have a bill running for more than a week. Tradesmen are only too delighted to find that a customer means ready money, and serve him better in fifty ways, the most acceptable one being that lie gets a distinct preference in his choice of the goods, and is never put off with unsaleable stock. The very few items which, like rent and taxes, cannot be paid weekly, are fixed amounts, as easily remembered as the income. With weekly payments, a fixed allow ance for the husband's waste, a cheque to the wife instead of cash, and cheques to everybody else, pri vate accounts become a worrying delusion. If the middle- class man baa the nerve to go one step further and mount his establishment on a 6cale just one third less than he can well afford, he may go on through life free from three-fourths of the pecuniary annoyances which make up so large a portion of English household trials. We do not mean that he should save the money unless he needs it. He may spend it, but the difference between his stated income and inevitable expenditure will always keep him easy. " It is not," said an old lady one day, "it is not the house, my dear, which ruins me, or the carriage, or the servants ;it is the ecrabbrushes, my dear!" and most men, interpreting the scrubbrushes, merely as the accidental demands which always recur, will think that old lady wise.— Spectator. Pabasitic Ihbects ik Nests.—All birds arc liable to the attacks of parasitic insects; but the martins contrive to harbor euch quantities of them that ttie spectators cannot but wonder how they contrive to live through the constant attacks. The iie?t itself swarms with them; and so numerous are their hosts that I have found an isolated lump of clay filled with these repulsive insects, though at a distance of IS inches from the nest. They are not visible at first, and, but for their cast skins, would probably attract no notice. But when one of these innocent looking pieces of mud is removed, and put under a glass in which a few drops of spirits of turpentine have been placed, the vermin come trooping out of every crevice, many in numbers, large in dimensions, and obese in ontline. In one lump of day, about as large as a walnut, I have seen bo many parasites that they seemed capable of devouring all little birds; and, when it is remem bered that every portion of the nest is equally tenanted, how the inmates can survive for a single night is indeed matter of surprise. Their size ia ab solutely portentous; for, when compared with the birds on which they feed, they are as large as full grown frogs compared with men. I mention this circumstance in order that my readers may be chary of bringing a martin's nest into a room.— Homes Without Sand*. A Blue Hobsb.—A blue horse has been exhibited at Hertford. The legs were certainly a faint blue, but the great peculiarity of the mare is that she is totally devoid of hair—not a particle is visible on body, neck, Legs, or rump. She was foaled in Africa, and her skin resembles that of an elephant. She is gra dually becoming piebald, and losing the faint blue tinge. She ia very quiet and playful, resembles the Spanish mule in her action and mode of standing, and requires a great amount of food—we presume, to compensate for the lack of natural warmth by the ab sence of hair. The Wedding Bnra.—Mr. Mas?ingberd, in his recent" Lectures on the Prayer-book," accounts for the connection between the wedding ring and the bride's fourth finger:—"According to the old service-books the practice was for the man to place the ring first on the tip of the thumb, reckoned as the first finger, saying, 'In the name of the Father ; ' then on the second finger, saying,' and of the Son;' then on that of the thud finger, saying, ' and of the Holy Ghost;' and so finally on the fourth, with the word'Amen;" and so it remained on the fourth, where it does and will remain an all properly- married ladies ; and thus the custom is accounted for.— Public Opinion. Strange Lineage of a Child.—The following extraordinary announcement of a death of a child appeared in a local paper at Chatham, and which bas occasioned much amusement, as Dr. Brown is well known in the town: "On the 13th nit, at St. Margaret's Banks, Rochester, Frederick Kilinore, aged two years and four and a-half months, son of Dr. Frederick James and Harriet' Landels Brown. He died of hooping-cough aad inflammation of the lungs and brain. In lineage he represented the United Kingdom, for he was i English, ? Irish, and I Scotch (his father being i Irish and £ English, and his mother being £ English and i Scotch). He was descended from a family of Irish-Scots that have cultivated their own land at Tollanacree and Kilmore in county Down, Ireland, in unbroken succession from of Charles L to the present day." What is an Inch of Bain?—The last weekly return of the Registrar-General gives the following interesting information in respect to rainfall: —" Rain fell in London to the amount of 0*43 inches, which is equivalent to 43 tons of rain per acre. The rainfall during last week varied from 30 tons per acre in Edinburgh to 215 tons per acre in Glasgow. An English acre consists of 6,272,640 square inches ; and an inch deep of rain on an acre yields 6,272,640 cubic inches of water, which at 277*274 cub ic indies to the gallon makes 22,622*5 gallons; and, as a gallon of distilled water weighs 10 lb. the rainfall on an acre is 226,225 lb. avoirdupois; but 2,240 lb. are a ton, and consequently an inch deep of rain weighs 100*993 tons, or nearly 101 tons per acre. For erery 100th of an inch a ton of water falls per acre." If any agriculturist were to toy the experiment of dis tributing artificially that which nature so bountifully supplies, he would soon feel inclined to " rest and be thankfuL" How to Dsess fob a Photo&baph.;—A lady or gentleman, having made up her or his mind to be photographed, naturally considers, in the first place, how to be dressed so as to show off to the best advan tage. This is by no means euch an important matter as many might imagine. Let me offer a few words of advice touching a dress. Orange color, for certain optical reasons, is photographically black. Blue ia white; other shades or tones of color are propor tionately darker or lighter as they contain more or less of these colors. The progressive scale of photo graphic oolor commences with the lightest. The order stands thus—White, light blue, violet, pink, mauve, dark blue, lemon, blue-green, leather-brown, drab, cerise, magenta, yellow-green, dark brown, purple, red, amber, morone, orange, dead black. Complexion has to be much considered in connection with dress. Blondes can wear much lighter colors than brunettes; the latter always present better pictures in dark dresses, but neither look well in positive white. Violent contrasts of color should be specially guarded against. In photography brunettes possess a great advantage over their fairer sisters. The lovely golden tresses lose all their transparent brilliancy, and are represented black: whilst the " bonnie blue e'e," theme of rapture to the poet, is misery to the photographer, for it is put entirely out. The simplest and most effec tive way of removing the yellow color from the hair, is to powder it nearly white: it is thus brought to about the same photographic tint as in nature. The same rule, of course, applies to com plexions. A freckle, quite invisible at a short dis tance, is, on account of its yellow color, rendered most painfully distinct when photographed. The puff box must be called in to the assistance of art. Hero let me intrude one word of general advice. Blue, as we have seen, is the most readily affected by light, and yellow the least: if, therefore, you would keep your complexion clear and free from tan and freckles, whilst taking your delightful rambles at the sea side, discard by all means the blue ve3, and substitute a dark green or yellow one in its stead. Blue tulle offers no more obstruction to the actinic rays of the sun than white. Half a yard of yallow net, though perhaps not very becom ing, will be found more efficacieus and considerably cheaper than a quart of kalydor. The came of freckles is simple enough. It is nothing more than a darkening of the salts of iron contained in the blood, by the action of light A freckled face is, thererefore, an animated photograph.— All the Tear Bound. How Stolen Goods Travel.—Considerable in genuity is displayed by the thieves in conveying their unlawful possessions from one place to another. Hampers, clothes baskets, hat-boxes, carpet bags, and brown paper parcels, containing stolen articles, are carried by women dressed like servants, and by honest and unsuspecting errand boys, and parties who frequently have no knowledge of the contents o the luggage. Stolen articles are booked regularly at the goods station, and travel along our streets and railways in company with honest merchandise. A thief will occasionally buy two or three pounds of cheese or butter, insert therein a gold watch or a diamond ring, place the eatable upon a plate, and the savoury commodity is safely carried along the street under the detective's very nose, -whose only notion or desire concerning the cheese may be, that it would make a nioe rarebit for his supper. Thousands of pounds' worth of jewellery have travelled the whole length of a railway stitched up a salmon or a hare. Some thieves, it is said, once obtained, in the pro vinces, a large quantity of jewellery, and devised a strange method of sending it to fence-master in London. They purchased a very large cheese, ?cooped out the inside, filled it with valuables, and then sent it off per goods train like other cheese— Once a Week. 