To the Editor of the Perth Gazette & W. A. Times. SIR, Recurring to the Exports as the most valuable means of our support, and by which we are enabled to pay for the imports, we will examine each in detail, and first of WOOL. The price of wool, its quality or even its quantity we need not enter upon the price will depend like other articles on the demand, the quality on the care taken in breeding, and the quantity on the extent of pasturage. But the cost of production must be considered, inasmuch as it is stated by many that it has taken, and I suppose will take the wool to pay the expenses, nence leaving the mutton only for profit. It is evident then the wool enables us to sell the meat at the price of the day, and be that price higher low it is the profit to the owner, if he can sell it, and his income is in proportion to the quantity of sheep he can run, large owners having an advantage in shepherding larger flocks. The question at issue now is Can the sheep farmers sell their sheep at present rates when the Imperial Government expenditure is withdrawn ? I opine not, and if not (to use a Chancery phrase) why not Because with that sum of money goes, or rather does not come, the consuming principle. Time was not long ago and still is fresh in the memory of many, when a much less quantity could not be sold, and the income from flocks and herds was almost a nullity; and so will it be again unless efforts and powerful ones too are made to engraft on the soil-labour-the living element, the main- spring of wealth. Feeling then under the new order of things the fear and the necessity to be up and doing our next enquiry is-by what means or policy can we acquire and sustain this indispensable member of the state ? Clearly by giving all facility for its immigration and retention-by liberally throwing open every avenue for its employment and permanency in the colony. I have stated previously that SANDALWOOD takes precedence of wool in the employment of labour, as the labour employed on it constitutes the whole of its value. I understand also that its worth to the exporter, who may be called the employer, is only as a medium of exchange, and I know that the cutters and teamsters earn a bare living by working very hard, and the amount is wholly consumed in the colony. How far we may reckon on a continuation of this trade I am not prepared to state. I only know in this district it is very scarce, much farther a field, and seems at present to be an uncertain means of employment ; but if it can be prosecuted and as merely a remittance for imports only we are so far gainers by the trade. The HORSES exported are valued at £8000. I presume the labour expended and consequently the cost of breeding and keeping horses is less in proportion than other stock, therefore if there be a demand the trade may be remunerative. The next and last export I shall mention is GEE of copper and lead and here we have another instance in which labour constitutes the whole value. Being beneath the surface it is utterly valueless and, unlike the former articles, invisible-we can't even see it. There is a pleasure in viewing a fine flock of sheep and lambs-" the cattle upon a thousand hills" or toiling under the yoke-the horse spurning the bit or docile under its guidance the green herbage of every form and shade from the simple moss on the rock to the monarch of the woods, they have in all ages and climes gladdened the heart of man and been themes for praise and adoration of the poet and the sage and why ? they breathe the breath of life-they move or have motion within them they live. Not so with minerals-they lie dormant, we may say dead, without motion and are only visible when man's labour and skill calls them from their ores beds and bids-them move and walk over land and sea like " things of life." Don't be alarmed, Mr. Editor, I am not plunging into pathos, I aim at being practical. I need not extend the enquiry further on sheep and sandalwood otherwise than to bring them in juxta-position with other productions : they are pretty well understood. But I doubt whether that is the case with minerals at least the attempts at legislation on that (source of wealth justify us in thinking so; but to arrive at a fair standing point we must briefly trace the rise and progress of each. The colony has within its boundary a large extent of feeding ground available only for pasturage, and leases it to sheep, cattle, and horse breeders on moderate terms with valuable privileges ; they work severally in their respective vocations and employ labour pro re nata, sheep employing most, then cattle, then horses ; they breed and expect consumption from their neighbours who don't and can't breed ; they look to the home market for their incomes the exports being absorbed in expenses. Their customers consist of corn growers who have no runs, sandal-wood hewers and drawers, tradesmen in general, and the labourers employed in raising and carting minerals and other adjunctive branches, none of which produce animal food. Now common sense points out to these men their especial interest, and that to ensure a market for their products labour must not be diminished, but all means, appliances, and facilities given not only to prevent the exode of our labouring population but to encourage and increase it. They will say no doubt, " Oh yes we know that very well, there needs no ghost to come from the grave to tell us that" certainly; but do they in their individual cases act as if they knew it we will see anon. Having thus taken the principal articles of export, we will place them in the order of their value as labour employing, for it must not be forgotten that even labour like land is value- less unless employed, nay worse than land, it may become a burden, it lives, and it must be fed. The first class consists of Minerals, sandal- wood, gums, and other native productions ; wholly exported, no home consumption. The second class of timber, sheep, grain, horses; in part exported, part home consumption. Now what conclusions would a political economist draw from this statement Would he not say? encourage those undertakings wherein most labour is required, give every facility for the acquisition of land if land be the thing necessary ; foster the production of what nature has been most bountiful in and which may by labour become more valuable, enabling us to compete with others. Remove all restrictions on internal trade ; make the means of transit easy and inexpensive whether the products of industry have to be conveyed one to another or to the sea board for transit to markets abroad. It was in times past the opinion and" the practice of Governments that protection and monopoly was the true policy-the palladium of a nation's prosperity ; but that suicidal doctrine having been proved a delusion and a fallacy, we would hope that at least where English minds " and manners may be found" such would follow her great and good example hope that the spirit of the command-" speak to the people " that they go forward would be the watch- word and ensign of human progress in every land. Alas ! it is not so. i Champion Bay, August 1865. 