SINGULAR DISCOVERY. A curious discovery has beenr brought under tile notice of thie public at the Polytecuic Institution. Professor Pepper prophesies that medical results of the highest importance will follow from it. But, however this may be, there can he no doubt that it will receive the lttention of the faculty of medicine, and hecoine the subjet of ex periment in our hospital and infirmaries. It occurred to a scientific gentleman I am sorry to have to conless that I. for get his name-to examine with the mi croscope tile imprnession left on a piece of glass by the breathings of iI number of persons; ihe found that difierent figures or impressions were made by different breaths. He repeated the experiment with similar results. This induced himll to make drawings of the impressions, which drawings Ire siRbmitted to Professor Pepper; and the Professor, ever enthu. siastic in the course of scientific discovery, has had tihe drawings copied upon glass, and now exhibits them, throughi the mediunl of the lmagic Inntern, to crowd who visit the Polytechnic. I have seen them; and I can assure your readers that they are extremely interesting ill a phiysiological poiut of view, and very cnri unseven s Itnlltel of cursoryobservation. One of them presents the uppeurauce of a view in a kaleidescope. On thie mug nified disc presented to the spectators there nppears anl almost infinite variety of shapes alnd combinations-some like lng gers, otiler resembling stars, others into I n wer-like form, &c.; These represent the breatllings of dfflerent individuals. Pro fessor Pepper is of opinion that in cuses of phthisis (consumption) and other pal. rmonary complaints, observations on the character of the forms in which the breath is deposited on a glass or other surface after emission from the lungs will be most valuable. Certainly, it, would be an ex traoldinay discovery that a daginosis on the state of one's lungs might be given roml a microscopical observation of the particular form assumed by the breath, as deposited on a sheet of glass, on eimmis ion from the mouth of the patient. As I have named the Polytechnic and Pro fessor Pepper, 1 may as well take this opportunity of mentioning the marvel lously effective manner in which the Fairy Tales of the Brothers Grimm are every day illustrated at:that institution. The fairies are prtdticed by thie. same optical appliances as those by which the professor summons ghosts ;' and the effects are really surprising.-Lundon correspondent of thle Liverpool Albion. 