THE OUTCASTS. BY TIIE AUTIIHOI OF LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET. CIAPTER IV. TIEn house of Dunbar, Dunbar, and Balderby, East-India bankers, was one of the richest firnms in the city of London-so rich that it would be quite in vain to endeavour to des cribe the amount of its wealth. It was some thing fabulous, people said. The offices were situated in a dingy and narrow thoroughfare leading out of King-William.street, and were certainly no great things to look at; but the cellars below their offices-wonderful cellars, that stretched far away beneath the church of St. l3Botolph, and were only separated by party- walls from the vaults in which the dead lay buried-wore. popularly supposed to be filled with hogsheads of sovereigns, bars of bullion built up in stacks like so much fire wood, and impregnable iron safes crammed to overflowing with bank bills and railway shares, government securities, family jewels, and a hundred other trifles of that kind, every one of which was worth a poor man's fortune. The firm of Dunbar had been established very soon after the English first grew power ful in India. It was one of the oldest firms in the city; and the names of Dunbar and Dunbar, painted upon the door-posts, and engraved upon shining brass-plates on the mahogany doors, had never been expunged or altered: though time and death had done their work of change amongst the owners of that name. The last heads of the firm had been two brothers, Hugh and Percival Dunbar; and Percival, the younger of these brothers, had lately died at eighty years of age, leaving his only son, Henry Dunbar, sole inheritor of his enormous wealth. That wealth consisted of a splendid estate in Warwickshire; another estate, scarcely less splendid in Yorkshire; a noble mansion in Portland-place; and three-fourths of the bank. The junior partner, Mlr. Balderby, a good-tempered, middle-aged man, with a large family of daughters, and a handsome red-brick mansion on Clapham Common, had never possessed more than a fourth share in the business. The three other shares had been divided between the two brothers, and had lapsed entirely into the hands of Percival upon the death of Hugh. On the eveliing of the 15th August, 1850, the same year and the same month in which Jocelyn Gilbert wandered along the dusty country roads with Mr. Cadgers's equestrian company, three men sat togetherin one of the shady offices at the back of the banking-house in St. Botolph-lane. These three men were MIr. Balderby, a confidential cashier called Clement Austin, and an old clerk, a man of about sixty-five years of age, who had been a faithful servant of the firm ever since his boyhood. This man's name was Sampson Wilmot. He was old, but he looked much older than he was. His hair was white, and hung in long thin looks upon the collar of his shabby bottle-green greatcoat. He wore a great coat, although it was the height of summer, and most people found the weatherinsupport ably hot. His face was wizen and wrinkled, his faded blue eyes dim and weak-looking. He was feeble, ard his hands were tremulous with a perpetual nervous motion. Already he had been stricken twice with paralysis, and he knew that whenever the third stroke came it must be fatal. He was not much afraid of death, however : for his life had been a joyless one, a monoto nous existence of perpetual toil, unrelieved by any home joys or social pleasures. He was not a bad man, for he was honest, conscien tious, industrious, and persevering. He lived in a humble lodging, in a narrow court near the bank, and went twice every Sunday to the church of St. Botolph. When he died, he hoped to be butried beneath the flagstones of that city church, and to lie cheek by jowl with the gold in the cellars of the bank, The three men were assembled in this gloomy private room after office hours, on a sultry August evening, in order to consult together upon .rather no important subject, namely, the reception of Henry Dunbar, the new head of the firm. This Henry Dunbar had been absent from England for five-and-thirty years, and no living creature now employed in the bank, except Sampson Wilmot, had ever set eyes upon him. He had sailed for Calcutta five-and-thirty years before, and had ever since been em ployed in the offices of the Indian branch of the bank; first as clerk, afterwards as chief and manager. He had been sent to India because of agreat error which he had'com mitted in his early youth. He had been guilty of forgery. He, or rather an accomplice employed by him, had forged the acceptance of a young nobleman, a brother officer of IHenry Dunbar's, and had circulated forged bills of accommodation to the amount of three thousand pounds. These bills were taklen up and duly honoured by the heads of the filrm. Percivnal Dunbar gladly paid three thousand pounds as the price'of his son's hb6nou'r. That which would have been called a crime in a poorer man was only considered an error in the dashing young cornet of drogoois, who had lost monefy upon the turf, and was fain to forge his friend's signature rather than become a detfaulter. " the younger brother of Sampson Wilmot, who hlad been a few months prior to that time en gaged as messenger in the banking-house a young fellow of nineteen, little hetter than a lad; a reckless boy, easily influenced by the dashing soldier who had need of his services. The bill-broker who discounted the bills speedily discovered their firaudulent nature; but he knew that the money was safe. Lord Adolphus Vanlorme was a customer of tihe house of Dunbar and Dunbar; tihe bill brokers knew that his acceptance was a forgery: but they knew also that the signa ture of the drawer, Henry Dunbar, was genuine. Messrs. Dunbar and Dunbar would not care to see the heir of their house in a crimi nal dock. There had been no hitch, therefore, no scandal, no prosecution. The bills were duly honoured; hut the dashing young officer was compelled to sell his commission, and began life afresh as junior clerk in the Calcutta banking-house. This was a terrible mortification to the high-spirited young man. The three men assembled in the quiet room behind the bank on this oppressive August evening were talking together of the old story. " I never saw Henry Dunbar," Mr. Balder by said; "for, as you know, Wilmot, I didn't come into the firm till ten years after he sailed for India; but I've heard the story hinted at amongst the clerks in the days when I was only a clerk myself." " I don't suppose you ever heard the rights of it, sir," Sampson Wilmot answered, fum bling nervously with an old horn snuff-box and a red cotton handkerchief, " and I doubt if any one knows the rights of that story ex cept me, and I can remember it as well as if it had happened yesterday-ay, that I can better, than I remember many things that really did happen yesterday." "'Let's hear the story from you, then, Sampson," Mr. Balderby said. "As Benlry D)unbar is coming home in a few days we may as well know the real truth. We shall better understand what sort of a man our new chief is." "To be sure, sir, to be sure," returned the old clerk. "It's five-and-thirty years ago, five-and-thirty years ago this month, since it all happened. If I hadn't good cause to remember the date because of my own troubles, I should remember it for another reason, for it was the Waterloo year, and City .people had been losing and making money like wildfire. It was in the year 'l15, sir, and our house had done wonders on Change. Mr. Henry Dunbar was a very handsome young man in those days-very handsome, very aristocratic-looking, rather haughty in his manners to strangers, but affable and free-spoken to those who happened to take his fancy. lIe was very extravagant in all his ways; generous and open-handed with money; but passionate and self-willed. It's scarcely strange he should have been so, for he was an only child; he had neither brother nor sister to interfere with him; and his uncle Hugh, who was then close upon fifty, was a confirmed bachelor,-so Henry considered himself heir to an enormous fortune." " And he began his career by squandering every farthing he could get, I suppose?" said Mr. Balderby. "He did, sir. His father was very liberal to him; but give him what he would, Mr. Percival Dunbar could never give his son enough to keep him free of gambling debts and losses on the turf. Mr. Henry's regi ment was quartered at Knightsbridge, and the young man was very often at this office, in and out, sometimes twice and three times a week; and I expect that every time he came he came to got money, or to ask for it. It was in coming here he met my brother, who was a handsome lad-ay, as handsome and as gentlemanly a lad as the young cornet himself; for poor Joseph-that's my brother, gentlemen-had been educated a bit above his station, being my mother's favourite son, and fifteen years younger than me. Mr. Henry took a great deal of notice of Joseph, and used to talk to him while he was waiting about to see his father or his uncle. At last he asked the lad one day if he'd like to leave the bank and go and live with him as a sort of confidential servant and amanuensis, to write his letters and all that sort of thing. ' I shan't treat you altogether as a servant, you know, Joseph,' he said, ' but I shall make quite a companion of you, and you'll go about with me wherever I go. You'll find my quarters a great deal pleasanter than this musty old banking-house, I can tell you.' Joseph accepted the offer, in spite of every thing my poor mother and I could say to him. He went to live with the cornet in the January of the year in which the fabricated bills were presented at our counter." "And when were the bills presented?" "Not till the following August, sir. It seems that lr. Henry had lost five or six thousand pounds on the Derby. He got what he could out of his father towards pay ing his losses, but he could not get more than three thousand pounds; so that he went to Joseph in an awful state of mind, declaring that he should be able to get the money in a month or so firom hIis father, and that if he could do anything just to preserve his credit for the time, and meet the claims of the vul gar city betting fellows who were pressing him, he should be able to make all square afterwards. Then, little by little, it came out that he wanted my brother, who had a won derful knack of imitating anybody's hand writing, to forge the acceptance of Lord Van lorme. 'I shall get the bills back into my own hands before they fall due, Joe,' he said; 'it's only a little dodge to keep matters sweet for the time being.' Well, gentlemen, the poor foolish boy was very fond of his master, and he consented to do this wicked thing." "' Do you believe this to be the first time your brother ever committed forgery ?" "I do, Mr. Balderby. Remerqler he was only a lad, and I daresay he thought it a fine thing to oblige his generous-hearted young master. I've seen him many a time imitate trho signature of this firm, and other signa tures, upon a half-sheet of letter- lpaper, for the mere fun of the thing; but I don't believe my brother Joseph ever did a dishonest action in his lifo until he forged those bills, He hadn't need have doae so, for he was only eighteen qt the time." "Yo"ng enough, young enough!" ?urmured lMr. Balderby compassionately. ruin; for though no steps were taken against him, he lost his character and never Iheld his head up in an honest situation again. He went from bad to worse, and three years after Mr. Henry sailed for India, my brother, Joseph Wilmot, was convicted, with two or thlree others, upon a charge of manufaoturing forged Bank-of-England notes, and was transported for life." " Indeed!" exclaimed Mr. Balderby; "a snad story,-a very sad story. I have heard something of it before, but never the whole truth. Your brother is dead, I suppose." "I have every reason to believe so, sir," answered the old clerk, producing a red cotton handkerchief and wiping away a couple of tears that were slowly trickling down his poor faded cheeks. "For the first few years of his time he wrote now and then, complaining bitterly of his fate; but for five-and-twenty years I've never had a line from him. I can't doubt that hle's dead. Poor Josepb! poor boy !-poor boy! The misery of all this killed my mother. Mr. Henry Dunbar committed a great sin when he tempted that lad to wrong; and many a cruel sorrow arose out of that sin, perhaps to lay heavy at his door some day or other, sooner or later, sooner or later. I'm an old man, and I've seen a good deal of the ways of this world, and I've found that retribution seldom fails to overtake those who do wrong." Mr. Balderby shrugged his shoulders. "I should doubt the force of your philosophy in this case, my good Samp son," he said; "Mr. Dunbar has had a long immunity firom his sins. I should scarcely think it likely he would ever be called upon to atone for them." " I don't know, sir," the old clerk answered; "I don't know that. I've seen retri bution come very late, very late; when the man who committed the sin had well nigh forgotten it. Evil trees bear evil fruit, Mr. Balderby : the Scriptures tell us that; and take my word for it, evil conse quences are sure to come of evil deeds." "But to return to the story of the forged bills," said Mr. Austin, the cashier, looking at his watch as he spoke. He was evidently growing rather impatient of the old clerk's rambling talk. "To be sure, sir, to be sure," answered Sampson Wilmot. "Well, you see, sir, one of the bills was brought to our counter, and the cashier didn't much like the look of my lord's signature, and he took the bill to the inspec tor, and the inspector said, 'pay the money, but don't debit it against his lordship.' About an hour afterwards the inspector carried the bill to Mr. Percival Dunbar, and directly he set his eyes upon it he knew that Lord Valorme's acceptance was a forgery. He sent for me to his room; and when I went in he was as ivhite as a sheet, poor gentleman. He handed me the bill without speaking, and when I bad looked at it, he said "'Your brother is at the bottom of this business, Sampson. Do you remember the half-sheet of paper I found on a blotting-pad in the'counting-house one day; half a sheet of paper scrawled over with the imitation of two or three signatures? I asked who had copied those signatures, and your brother came forward and owned to having done it, laughing at his own cleverness. I told him then that it was a fatal facility; and now he has proved the truth of my words by helping my son to turnt forger and thief. That signa ture must be hbnoured, though I should have to sacrifice half my fortune to meet the demands upon us. Heaven knows to what amount such paper as that may be in circula tion. There are some forged bills that are as good as genuine documents; and the Jew who discounted these knew that. If my son comes into the bank this morning send him to me.' " "And did the young man come ?" asked the junior partner. "Yes, Mr. Balderby, sir; in less than half an hour after I left Mr. Percival Dunbar's room in comes Mr Henry, dashing and swaggering into the place as if it were his own. "'Will you please to step into your father's room, sir?' I said; 'he wants to see you very particular.' "The cornet's jaw dropped, and his face turned ghastly white, as I said this; but he tried to carry it off with a swagger, and followed me into Mr. Percival Dunbar's room. ?" ' You needn't leave us, Sampson,' said MRr. Hugh, who was sitting opposite his brother at the writing-table. "You may as well hear what I have to say. I wish some body whom I can rely upon to know the truth of this business, and I think we may upon you.' "'Yes, gentlemen,' I answered; 'you may trust me.' "'What's the meaning of all this?' Mr. Henry Dunbar asked, pretending to look innocent and surprised; but it wouldn't do, for his lips trembled so, that it was painful to watch him. 'What's the matter?' he asked. "Mr. Hugh Dunbar handed him the forged bill. "'This is.what's the matter,' he said. "The young man stammered out some thing in his endeavour to deny any know ledge of the bill in his hand; but his uncle checked him. 'Do not add perjury to the crime you have already committed,' he said. ' How many of those are in circulation ? ' "' How many ? Mr. Henry repeated, in a faltering voice. "'Yes,' his uncle answered; 'how many -to what amount?' "'Three thousand pounds,' the cornet replied, hanging his head. 'I meant to take them up before they fell due, Uncle Hugh,' he said. 'I did, indeed; I stood to win a hat ful of money upon the Liverpool Summer Meeting, and I made sure I should be able to take up those bills: but I've had the devil's owvn luck all this year. I never thought those bills would be presented; indeed, I never did.' 'lHenry Dunbar,' Mr. Hugh said, very solemnly, 'nine men out of ten, who do what you have done, think what you say. you thought : that they shall be able to escape the consequences of their deeds. They act under the pressuore of circumstances. They don't moan to do any wrong-they don't intend to rob anybody of a sixpence. But that first false'step is the starting-point upon the road that leads to the gallows; and the worst that can happen to a man is for him to succeed in his first crime. Happily for you, detection has speedily overtaken you. Why did you do this?' ,,_ "'Plm ?,?'nrt n,,'r~ 'slno natn?ry lt some ran honour which he was compelledl to pay. TIhen Mir. Hugh asked him whether the forged signature was his own doing, or the work of anybody elso. The cornet hesitated for a little, and then told his uncle tile name of his accomplice. I thought this was cruel and cowardly. He had templted my brother to do wrong, and the least he could have d(lone would have been to try to shield hiium. " One of the messengers was sent to fetch poor Joseph. Thile lad reached the bankingf house im n lhour's time, and was brouglht straight into thie private room, where we had all been sitting in silence, waiting for him. "lIe was as pale as his masterr but he didn't tremble, and he had altogether a more determined look than Mr. Henry. "MIr. Hugh Dunbar taxed him with what he had done. "'Do you deny it,Joseph Wilmot?' he asked. "'No,' my brother said, looking contemp tuously at the cornet. 'If my master has betrayed me, I have no wish to deny any thing. But I ldaresay he and I will square accounts some day.' "'I am not going to prosecute my nephew,' MIr. IHugh said; 'so, of course I shall not Irosecute you. But I believe that you have been an evil counsellor to this young man, and I give you warning that you will get no character from me. I respect your brothler Sampson, and shall retain him in my service, in spite of what you have done; but I holp never to see your face again. You are firee to go; but have a care how you tamper with other men's signatures, for the next time youl may not get off so easily.' "The lad took up his hat and walked slowly towards the door. "' Gentlemen - gentlemen ! ' I cried, 'have pity upon him. Remember he is little more than a boy; and whatever he did, he did out of love for hlis master.' "Mr. Hugh shook his head. ' I have no pity,' he answered, sternly' ' his master might never have done wrong but for him.' "Joseph did not say a word in answer to all this; but, when his hand was on the handle of the door, he turned and looked at Mr. Henry Dunbar. "'Have you nothing to say in my behalf, sir?' he said, very quietly; ' I have been very much attached to you, sir, and I don't want to think badly of you at parting. Haven't you one word to say in my behalfi?' "Mr. Henry made no answer. He sat with his head bent forward upon his breast, and seemed as if he dared not lift his eye to his uncle's face. "'No!' Mr. Hugh answered, as sternly as before,'he has nothing to say for you. Go; and consider this a lucky escape.' "Joseph turned upon the banker, with his face all in a crimson dlame, and his eyes flash ing fire. 'Let him consider it a lucky escape,' he said, pointing to Mr. Henry Dunbar-' let him consider it i lucky escape, if when we next meet he gets off scot free.' " He was gone before any one could answer him. "Then MIr. Hugh Dunbar turned to his nephew. "' As for you,' he said, 'you have been a spoilt child of fortune, and you have not known how to value the good things that Providence has given you. You have begun life at the top of the tree, and you have chosen to flingyourl chances into the gultter. You must begin again, and begin this time upon t·he lowest step of the ladder. You will sell your commission and sail for Calcutta by the next ship that leaves Southampton. To-day is the 23rd of August, and I see by the Shipping Gazette that the Oronoko sails on the 10th of September. This will give you little better than a fortnight to make all your arrangements.' "The young cornet started from his chair as if he had been shot. "' Sell my commission 1I' he cried; 'go to India! You don't mean it, Uncle Hugh; surely you don't mean it. Father, you will never compel me to do this.' "Percival Dunbar had never looked at his son since the young man had entered the room. IIe sat with his elbow resting upon the arm of his easy- chair and his face shaded by his hand, and had not once spoken. "He did not speak now, even when his son appealed to him. "'Your fiather has given me fill anuthority to act in this business,' Mr. Hugh Dunbar said. 'I shall never marry, Henry, and you are my only nephew, and my acknowledged heir: But I will never leave my wealth to a dishonest or a dishonourable man, and it remains for yon to prove whether you are worthy to inherit it. You will have to begin life afresh. You have played the man of fashion, and your aristocratic associates have led you to the position in which you find yourself to-day. You must turn your back upon the past, IIHenry. Of course you are free to choose for yourself. Sell your com mission, go to India, and enter the counting house of our establishment in Calcutta as a junior clerk; or refuse to do so, and renounce all hope of succeeding to my fortune or to your hfather's.' "The young man was silent for some minutes, then he said, sullenly enough "'I will go. I consider that I have been harshly treated; but I will go.'" "And he did go ?" said Mr, B3alderby. " He did, sir," answered the clerk, who had displayed considerable emotion in relating this story of the past. " He did go, sir,-he sold Iais commission, and left England by the Oronoko. But he never took leave of aliving creature, and I fully believe that hlie never in his heart forgave either his father or his unclo. He worked his way up, as you know, sir, in the Calcutta counting-house, and by slow degrees rose to be manager of the Indian branch of the business. iHe married in 1831, and he has an only child, a daughter, who has been brought up in England since her infancy, under the care of Mr. Percival." "Yes,'" answered Mr. Balderby, "I have seen Miss Laura Dunbar at her grandfather's country seat. She is a very beautiful girl, and Percival Dunbar idolised her.-But now to return to business, my good Sampson. I believe you are the only person in the house who has over seen our present chieif Henry lDunbar." "I am, sir." " So far so good. He is expected to arrive at Southampton in less than a week's time, and somebody must be there to meet him. After five-and-thirty years' absence he will be a perfect stranger in England, and will require a business man about him to manage matters for him, and take all trouble off his indolent, you know, and he may be all the worse for the fatigues of the overlandjourney. Now, as you know him, Sampson, and as you are an excellent man of business, and as active as a boy, I should like you to meet him. Have you any objection to do this? " "No, sir," answered the clerk; "I have no great love for Mlr. TIenry Dunbar, for I can never cease to looek upon him as the cause of my poor brother Joseph's ruin; but I am ready to do what you wish, Mr. Balderby. It's business, anti I'm ready to do any thing in the way of business. I'm only a sort of machine, sir-a machine that's pretty nearly. worn out, I fancy now; but as long as I last you can make what use of me you like, sir. I'm ready to do my duty." "I am sure of that, Sampson." "When am I to start for Southampton, sir ?" "Well, I think you had better go to-mor row, Sampson. You can leave London by the afternoon train, which starts at four o'clock. You can see to youir work here in the morning, and reach your destination: be tween seven and eight. I leave everything in your hands. Miss Laura Dunbar will come up to town to meet her father at tihe house in Portland-square. The poor girl is very anxious to see him, as she has not set eyes upon him since she was a child of two years old. Strange isn't it, the effect of these long seplarations ? Laura Dunbiar might pass her father in the street without recognising him, sndl yet her affection for him has been un changed in all these years." Mr. Balderby gave the old clerk a pocket book containing six five-pound notes. "'You will want plenty of money," he said, " though, of course, Mr. Dunbar will be well supplied. You will tell him that all will be ready for his reception here. I really am quite anxious to see the now head of the house. I wonder what he's like, now. By the way, it's rather a singular circumstance that there is, I believe, no portrait of H-Ienry Dunbar in existence. His picture was painted when he was a young man, and exhibited in the Royal Academy; but his father didn't think the likeness a good one, and sent it back to the artist, who promised to alter and improve it. Strange to say, this artist, whose name I forget, delayed from day to day per forming his promise, and at the expiration of twelve months left England for Italy, taking the young man's portrait with him, amongst a lot of other unframed canvasses. The artist never retuirned from Italy, and Percival Dun bar could never find out his whereabouts, or whether he was dead or alive. I have often heard the old man regret that he possessed no likeness of his son. Our chief was handsome, you say, in his youth ?" "Yes, sir," Samson Wilmot answered; "eA was very handsome-tall, and fair, with bright blue eyes." "You have seen Miss Dunbar: is she like her father ?" "No, sir. Her features are altogether different, and her expression is more amiable than his." "Indeed ! Well, Sampson, we wo 't detain you any longer. You understand what you have to do ? " "Yes, sir, perfectly." "Very well, then. Good nightl 1 By-the by, you will put up at one of the best hotele at Southampton-say the Dolphin-and wait there till the Electra steamer comes in. It:is by the Electra that Mr. Dunbar is to arrive. Once more, good evening !" The old clerk bowed and left the room. "Well, Austin," said Mr. Balderby, turn ing to the cashier, "we may prepare our solves to meet our new chief very speedily. He must know that you and I cannot be entirely ignorant of the story of his youthful peccadilloes, nod he will scarcely give himself airs to us, I should fancy. ' "I don't know that, Mr. Balderby," the cashier answered; "if I am any judge of human nature, Henry Dunbar will.hate us because of that very crime of his own, know ing that we are in the secret, and will be all the more disagreeable andi disdainful in his intercourse with us. He will carryit offwith a high hand, depend upon it." CIHAPTER V., The town of Wandsworth is not a gay place. There is an air of old world quiet in the old-fashioned street, though dashing vehicles drive through it sometimes on their way to Wimbledon or Richmond Park. The sloping roofs, the gable-ends, the queer old chimneys, the quaint casement window's belong to a bygone age; and the traveller, coming a stranger to the little town, might fancy himself a hundred miles away from boisterous London; though lie is barely clear of tihe great city's smoky breath, or beyond hearing liher myriad clamorous tongues. There are lanes and by-ways leading out or that humble high-street down to the low bank of the river, and in one of these, a shabby place enough, and only tenanted by poor people, lMargaret Wentworth, dressmaker and plain needlewoman, lived with her father. She had no mother, and she had not even the memory of her mother, who had died seventeen years before, leaving an only child of a twelvemonth old for James Wentworth to keep. ' But James Wentworth being a scapegrace and a reprobate, who lived by means that were a secret from his neighbours, had sadly neglected this only child. He had neglected her, though with each passing year she grew more and more like her dead mother, until at last, at eighteen years of age, she had grown into a beautiful' woman, with hazel-brown hair and hazel eyes to match. And yet James Wentworth was fond of his only child after a hfashion of his own. Sometimes he was at home for weeks together,, a prey to a fit of melancholy, under the in fluence of which he would sit brooding in silence over his daughter's humble hearth for hours and for days together; at other times he would disappear, sometimes for a few days, sometimes for weeks and months at a time; and during his absence lMargaret suffered wearisome agonies of suspense. Sometimes hlie brought her money, sometimes he lived. upon her own slender earnings; but use her as lie might he was always proud of her and, fond of her, and she, after the way of woman kind, loved him devotedly, and believed him to be the noblest and most brilliant of men. It was no grief to her to toil, or to wear. her slight fingers to the bone; her grief' was' that he, who to her mind was calculated to. shine in the highest station the world could give, should be ? reprobate and a pauper. She told himn so sometimes, regretfully, arms twined caressingly about his neck. And there were times when the strong man would cry aloud over his blighted life and the ruin which had fallen upon his youth. "You're right, Madge," he said some times; "you're right, my girl. I ought to have been something better; T ought to have been, and I might have been, perhaps, but for one mnn-but for one baso-minded villain, whose treachery blasted my character, and left me alone in the world to fight against society. You don't know what it is, Madge, to have to fight that battle. A man who began life with an honest name, and fair pros pects before him, finds himself cast, by one fatal error, disgraced and broken upon a piti less world. Nameless, friendless, charactor less, he has to begin life afresh, with every man's hand *against him. He is the outcast of society. The faces that once looked 'kindly on him turn away from him with a frown. The voices that once spoke in his praise are loud in his disfavour. Driven from every place where once he found a welcome, tho ruined wretch hides himself amongst strangers, and tries to sink his hateful iden tity under a false name. lie succeeds, per haps, for a time, and is trusted, and being honestly disposed at heart is honest; but hlie cannot long escape from the hateful past. No I In the day and hour when he is proudest of the new name he has made, and the re spect he has won for himself, some old ac quaintance, once a friend but now an enemy, talls across his pathway. lie is recognised, a cruel voice betrays him. Every hopo that he had cherished is swept away from him; every good deed that he has done is de nounced as the act of a hypocrite. ]Because he once sinned he can never do well. That is the world's argument." " But not the teaching of the gospel," Margaret murmured. "Remember, father, who it was that said to the guilty woman, S'go and sin no more.'" "Ay, my girl," James Wentworth an swered bitterly, " but this world would have "said, hence, abandoned creature, go and sin afresh, for you shall never be suffered to live San honest life, or herd with honest people. * Repent, and we will laugh at your penitence ': s a shallow deception. Weep, and we will cry out upon your tears. Toil and struggle to regain the eminence from which you have fallen, and when you have nearly reached the top of that difficult hill we will hand our selves together to hurl you back into the black abyss.' That's what the world says to the sinner, Margaret, my girl. I don't know much of the gospel; I have never read it since my boyhoad; and when you, poor child, try to read it to me there's some devil rises in my breast and shute my ears against the words. I don't know the gospel; but I do know the world. The laws of society are iiflexible, Madge; there's no forgiveness for a man who is once found out. lie may com mit any crime in the calendar, so long as hisi orimes are profitable, and he is content to share his profits with his neighbours. But * he mustn't be found out." Upon the 10th August, 1850, the day .upon which Sampson Wilmot, the banker's clerk,.was to start for Southampton, James Wentworth spent the morning in his danugh . ter's humble little sitting-room, and sat smoking by the open window, while Marga ret worked industriously at a dress, the making of which she had promised to com plete before night. The father sat with his long clay pipe in his mouth, watching his daughter's fair face, as she bent over the glistening silken folds upon her knee. The rich dress, with its costly trimmings, was in stronge contrast with the whitewashed walls of the chamber, the scrap of thread bare carpet, the small deal table, covered by a faded cloth, once a bright green but now a dingy yellow. But though the room was very poorly furnished it bore the evidence of an indus trious girl's perpetual struggle against poverty. The dimity curtains were clean and tidy, the walls were adorned here and there with some modest engraving, neatly framed and glazed. The chair in whiol James Wentworth sat was low and easy covered with flowered chintz, whose brightes colours had long disappeared under the in fluence of soap and water. James Wentworth had once been a hand some man. It was impossible to look at him and not perceive as much as that. He might indeed have been handsome still, but for the reckless defiance visible in his face; but for the contemptuous sneer that curled his firmly moulded upper lip. He was about fifty-three years of age, and his hair was grey; but this grey hair did not impart a look of age to his appearance. His erect figure, the carriage of his head, his dashing, nay almost swaggering walk, all belonged to a man in the prime of middle age. He wore a beard and thick moustache of grizzled auburn. His nose was aquiline, his forehead high and square, his chin mas sive. The form of his head and face denoted force of intellect. His long muscular limbs gave evidence of great physical power. Even the tones of his voice and his manner of speaking betokened a strength of will that verged upon obstinacy. A dangerous man to offend. A relentless and determined man; not easily put away from any purpose, however long the time between the formation of his resolve and the chance of carrying it into execution. As he sat now watching his daughter at her: work the shadows of black thoughts darkened his brow and spread asombre gloom upon his face. "And yet the picture before him could have scarcely been unpleasing to the most fastidi ous eye. The girl's faco drooping over her work was very fair. The features were deli cate and statuesque in their form; the large hazel eyes were very beautiful, all the more beautiful, perhaps, because of a soft melan choly that subdued their natural brightness; the e'mooth brown hair rippling upon the white forehead, which was low and broad, was of a colour which a duchess might have envied, or an empress tried to imitate with subtle dyes compounded by court chemists. The girl's figure, tall, slender, and flexible, imparted grace and beauty to a shabby cotton dresis and linen collar that many a maid serviant would have disdained to wear; and the foot visible below the scanty skirt was slim, and arched as the foot of an Arab chief. There was something in Margaret Went worth's face, some shade of expression, vague iand transitory in its nature,. which bore a * likeness to her father; but the likeness was a very ftint one, and it was from her mother that the girl Ihad inlherited her henauty. Shah ad inherited her mother's nature also; but mingled with that soft and womanly dis position there was much of tile fiather's de termination, much of the strong man's force of intellect and resolute will. A beautifail woman-an amiable woman; but a woman whose resentment for a great wrong could be deep and lnsting. "Madge," said James Wentworth, throw ing his pipe aside, and looking full at his daughter, "I sit and watch you sometimes till I begin to wonder at you. You seem contented and almost happy, though the monotonous lifo you lead would drive some women mad. Have you no ambition, girl?" "Plenty, father," she answered, lifting her soft eyes from her work and looking at him mourftfilly; "plenty-for you." The man shrugged his shoulders and sighed heavily. "It's too late for that, my girl," he said; "the day is past-the day is past and gone -and the chance gone with it. You know how I've strived, and worked, and struggled; and how I've seen my hopes crushed when I had built them up, with more patience than perhaps man ever built before. You've been a good girl, Margaret-a noble girl, and you've been trueto to mo alike in joy and sorrow-the joy's been little enoughil beside the sorrow, poor child; but you've horne it all-you've endured it all. You've been the tlruest woman that was ever born upon this earth, to my thinking; but there's one thing in which you've been unlike the rest of your sex." "And what's that, father?" "You've shown no curiosity. You've seen me knocked down and disgraced wher ever I tried to get a footing--you've seen me try first one trade and then another; and fail mn every one of them. You've seen me a clerk in a merchant's office; an actor; an author; a common labourer, working bfor a daily wage; and you've seen ruin overtake tme whichever way I've turned. You've seen all this, and suffered from it; but you've never asked me why it has been so. You've never sought to discover the secret of my lifo." The tears welled up to the girl's eyes as her father spoke. " If I have not done so, dear father," she answered, gently, "it has been because I mInow your secret must be a painful one. I have lain awake night after night wondering what was the cause of the blight that has been upon you and all you have done. But why should I ask you questions that you could not answer without pain. I have heard people say cruel things of you; but they have never said them twice im my hearing." Her eyes flashed thlrough a veil of tears as she spokel. "Oh, father, dearest father!" she cried, suddenly throwing aside her work, and droppitng on her knees beside tile man's chair. "I dto not ask for your confidence if it is painful to you to give it; I only want your love. But believe this, father, always believe this, that whether you trust me or not thelre is nothing upon this earth strong enough to tuirn my heart from you." She placed her hand ih her father's as she spolke, and he grasped it so tightly that her pale face gretw crimson with the pain. "Are you sure of that, Madge ?" he asked, bending his head to look more closely in her earnest face. " I am quite sure, father." "Nothing can tear your heart from me?" ",Notling in this world." "What if I am not worthy of your love ?" "I cannot stop to think of that, father. Love is not meted out in strict proportion to the merits of those we love. If it were there would be no difference between love and justioe." James Wentworth laughed sneeringly. "There's little enough difference as it isR, perohaps," he said, "they are both blind. Well, Madge," he added, in a more serious tone, "you're a generous-minded, noblle spirited girl, and I believe you do love me. I fancy that if you've never asked the secret of my life you can guess it pretty closely, Hp looked searchingly at the girl's face. She hung her head, but did not answer him. "You can guess the secret, can't you, Madge? Don't be afraid to.speak, girl.'" "I am afraid I can, father, dear," she murmured, in a low voice. "Speak out, then." "I am afraid the reason you have never prospered-the reason that so many are against you--is that you once did something wrong, very long ago, when you were young and reckless, and scarcely knew the nature of your own acnot; and that now, though you are truly penitent and sorry, and have long wished to lead an altered life, the world won't forget or forgive that old wrong. Is it so, father ?" "It is, Margaret. You've guessed right enough, child, except that you've omitted one fact. The wrong I did was done for the sake of another. I was tempted to do it by another. I made no profic by it myself, nor did I hope to makne any. But when detection came, it was upon me that the disgrace and iruin fell; while the man for whom J had done wrong-the man who had made me his tool -turned his back upon me, and refused to utter one word in my justification, though he was in no danger himselt, and the lightest word from his lips might have saved me. That was a hard case, wasn't it, Madge ?" "Hard !" cried the girl, with her nostrils quivering and her small hands clenched; "it was cruel; dastardly; infamous !" "From that day, Margaret, I was a ruined man. The brand of society was upon me. The world would not let me live honestly, and the love of life was too strong in ime to let me face death. 1 tried to live dislon estly, and I led a wild, racketty, dare-devil kind of a life amongst men who found they had a skilful tool, and knew how to use me. They did use me to their hearts' content, and left me in the lurch when danger came. I was arrested for forgery, tried, tfound guilty, and transported for life. Don't flinch, girl!I don't turn so white! You must have heard something of this whispered and hinted at often enough beforo to-day. You may as well know the whole truth. I was trans-. ported for life, Madge, and for thirteen years I toiled amongst the wretched, guilty slaves in Norfolk Island-that was the fivourite place in those days for such as me-and at the end of that time, my conduct having been approved of by my gaolers, the Governor sent for me, gave me a ticket of leave, and dis missed me a free man. A free man, he said, Madge; but the world soon told me another story. I was a felon, a gaol-bird, and I was never more to lift my head amongst honest people. I eouldn't bear it, Madge, my girl. Perlhaps a better man might have persevered in spite of all till he conquered the world's prepidice. But I couldn't. I sank under my trials, andti fell lower and lower. And for every disgrace that has ever fallen upon me for every sorrow I have ever suffered-for every sin I have ever committed-I look to one man as the cause." Margaret Wentworth had risen to her feet. She stood before her father now, pale and breathless, with her crimson lips parted, and her bosom heaving. " Toll me his name, father,"she whispered; '" tell me that man's name." " Why do you want to know Madge ?" "Never mind why, father. Tell it to me -tell it ?" SLhe stamped her feet in the vehemence of her emotion. " Toll me his'name, father," she repeated, impatiently. " His name is Henry Dunbar," James Wentworth answered; "and he is the son of arich banker. I saw his father's death in the paper last MIarch. His uncle died ten years ago, and he will inherit the fortunes of both father and uncle. Tihe world hassmiled upon him. He has never suffered for that one false step in life, which brought such ruin upon me. He will come home from India now, I dare say, andtl the world will be iunder his feet. IIs will be worth a million of money, I should fancy: curse him. If my wishes could be accomplished, every guinea he possesses would be a separate scorpion to sting and torture him." "tHenry Dunbar," whispered Margaret to herself. "IHenry.Dunbar. I will not forget that name." CHAPTER VI. When the hands of tihe little Dutch clock in MIargaret's sitting- room pointed to five minutes before three, James Wentworth rose from his lounging attitude in tihe easy-chair and took his hat from a side table. "Are you going out, father?" the girl asked. "Yes, MIadge, I'm going up to London. It don't do for me to sit still too long. Bad thoughts come fast enough at any time; but they come fastest when a fellow sits twirling his thumbs. Don't look so frightened, Madge; I'm not going to do any harm. I'm only going to look about me. I may fall in with a bit of luck, perhaps; no matter what, if it throws a few shillings into my pocket." "I'd rather you stayed at home, father, dear," Margaret said, gently. "I dare say you would, child. But I tell you I can't. I can't sit quiet this afternoon. I've been talking of things that alwayvs seem to set my brain on fire. No harm shall come of my going away, girl; I promise you tlat. The worst I shall do is to sit in a tavern' par lour, drink a glass of gin-and-water, and read the papers. There's no crime in that,is there, Madge ?" His daughter smiled as she tried to arrange the shabby velvet collar of his threadbare ceoat. "No, father, dear," she said; "and I'm sure I always wish you to enjoy yourself. But you'll come home soon,won't you?" "What do you call 'soon,' my lass ?" ... "Before ten o'clock. nlyr work will be done by that time, and I'll try and get 'souie thing nice for your supper." "Very well, then, I'll be back by ten o'clock to-night. There's my hand upon it." He gave Margaret his hand, kissed her on both cheeks, tookl his cane from a corner of the room, and then went out. His daughter watched him from the open window as he walked up the narrow lane, amongst the groups of children gathered every here and there upon the dusty pathway. "IHeaven have pity upon him, and kteep him from sin," murmured Margaret Went worth, clasping her hands, and with her eyes still following the retreating figure. James Wentworth jingled the money in his waistcoat pocket as he walked towards the railway-station. -He had very little; a couple of sixpences, and a few halfpence. Just about enough to pay for a third-class return ticket and for his glass of gin-and-water at a Lon don tavern. He reached the station three minutes before the train was due, and took his ticket. At half-past three he was in London. But as he was an idle, purposeless man, without friends to visit or money to spend, he was in no hurry to leave the railway-station. lie hated solitude or quiet; and hero in this crowded terminus there was life and bustle, and variety enough in all conscience; and all to be seen for nothing. IHe strolled bickwards and forwards upon the platform, watching the busy portdrs, the eager passengers rushing to and fro.. By-and-by he stood against a wooden pillar in a doorway, looking at the cabs as one after another they tore up to the station, and disgorged their loads. He had witnessed the arrival of a great many different travellers, when his attention was suddenly arrested by a little old man, wan and wizen, and near-sighted, feeble looking, but active, who alighted from a cab, and gave his small, black leather portmanteau into the hands of a porter. This man was Sampson Wilmot, the old confidential clerk in the house of Dunbar, Dunbar, and Balderby. James Wentworth followed the old'man and the porter. "I wonder if it is him," he muttered to himself, "there's a likeness- there's certainly a likeness. But it's so many years ago-so many years-I don't suppose I should know him. And yet this man recalls him. I'll keep my eye upon the old fellowat any rate." Sampson Wilmot had arrived at the station about ten minutes before the starting of the train. Hie asked some questions of the porter, and left hiis portmanteau in the man's care while he went to get his ticket. James Wentworth lingered behind, and contrived to look at the portmenteau. There was a label pasted on the lid, with an address, written in a business like hand " 'Mr. Sampsotn Tlilsbot, Passengers to Southampton." James Wentworth gave a long whistle. ".I thought as much," he muttered; "I thought I couldn't be mistaken!" He went into the ticket-office, where the clerk was standing amongst the crowd, wait ing to take his ticket. James Wentworth went up close to him, and touched him lirhtln on tln .1,l.,n.... Sampson Wilmot turned and looked him full in the face. He looked but there was no ray of recognition in that look. " Do you want me, sir? he asked, with rather a suspicious glance at the reprobate's shabby dress. "Yes, MIr. Wilmot, I want to speak to you. You can come into the waiting-room with me, after you've taken your ticket." The cleric stared aghast. The tone of this slhabby- looking stranger was almost one of command. "I don't know you, my good sir," stam mered Sampson; "I never set eyes upon you before; and unless you are a messenger sent alter me from the office, you must he under a mistake. You are a stranger to me 1" "I am no stranger, and I am no messenger!" answered the other. "You've got your ticket ? That's all right! Now you can come with me." He walked into a waiting-room, the half glass doors of which opened out of the ofice. The room was empty, for it only wanted five minutes to the starting of the train, and the passengers had hurried off to take their seats. James Wentworth took off his hat, and brushed his rumpled grey hair from his fore head. "Put on your spectacles, sampson Wilmot," he said, "and look hard at me, and then tell me if I am a stranger to you." The old clerk obeyed, nervously, fearfully. IHis tremulous hands could scarcely adjust his spectacles. He loolked at the reprobate's face for some moments and said nothing. But his breath came quickcer, and his face greow very pale. "Ay," said James Wentworth, "look your hardest, and deny me if you can. It will be only wise to deny me, I'm no credit, to any one-least of all to a steady respectable old chap like you! " "Joseph!--Joseph!" gasped the old clerk; "is it you ? Is it really my wretched brother? I thought you were dead, .Joseph -I thought you were dead and gone !" "And wished it, I daresay !i" the other answered bitterly. "No, Joseph,-no !" cried Sampson Wil mot; "heaven knows I never wished you ill. Heaven knows I was always sorry for you, and could make excuses for you even when you sank lowest." "That's strange!" Joseph muttered, with a sneer; "that's very strange! If you were so precious fond of me, how was it that you stopped in the house of Dhnubar and Dunbar ? If you had had one spark of natural affection for me, you could never have eaten their bread !" Sampson Wilmot shook his head sorrow folly. "Don't be too hard upon me, Joseph," he said, with mild reproachfulness ; "if I hadn't stopped at the banking-house your mother might have starved ! " The reprobate made no answer to this; but he turned his face away and sighed. The bell rang for the starting of the train. "I must go," Sampson cried. " Give me your address, Joseph, and I will write to you." "Oh, yes, I daresnyt" answered his bro ther, scornfully; " no, no, that won't do. I've found you, my rich, respectable brother, and I'll stick toyou. Where are you going ?" "To Southampton." "What for?" "To meet Henry Dunbar." Joseph Wilmot's face grewhivid witl rage. The change that came over it was so sudden and so awfil in its nature, that the old clerk started back as'if he had seen a ghost. "You are going to meet him?" said Joseph, in a hoarse whisper; "he is in Eng land, then ?" "No; but he is expected to arrive almost immediately. Why do you look like that, Joseph? ". "Why do I look like that ?" cried the younger man; "have you grown to be such a mere machine, such a speaking automaton, such aliving tool of the men you serve, that all hman feeling has perished in your breast? Balh! how should such as you understand what I feel? Hark! the bell's ringing-I will come with you." The train was on the point of starting, the two men hurried out to the platform. "No,-no," cried Sampson Wilmot, as his brother stepped after him into the carriage; "no,-no, Joseph, don't come with me-don't come with me !" "I will go With you." "But you've no ticket." "I can get one-or you can get me one, for I've no money-at the first station we stop at." They were seated in a second-class railway carriage by this time. The ticket-collector, runninog from carriage to carriage, was in too great a hurry to discover that the little bit of pasteboard which Joseph Wilmot exhibited was only a return- ticket to Wandsworth. There was a brief scramble, a banging of doors, and Babel-like confusion of tongues; and then the engine gave its farewell shriek and rushed away. The old clerk looked very uneasily at his younger brother's face. The livid pallor had pneassed away, but the strongly marked eye brows met in a dark frown. "Joseph - Joseph!" said Sampson, "heaven only knows I'm glad to see you, after more than thirty years' separation, and any help I can give you out of my slender means I'll give freely--I will, indeed, Joseph, for the memory of our dear mother, if not for love of you; and I do love you, Joseph,-I do love you very dearly still. But I'd rather you didn't take this journey with me-I would, indeed. I can't see that any good can come of it." "Never you mind what comes of it. I want to talk to you. You're a nice affection ate brother to wish to shuffle me off directly after our first meeting. I want to talk to you, Sampson Wilmot. And I want to see him. I know how the world's used me for the last five-and-thirty years; I want to see how the same world-such a just and meroi ful world as it is-hbas treated my tempter and betrayer, Henry Dunbar !" Sampson Wilmot trembled like a leaf. His health had been very feeble ever since the second shock of paralysis-that dire and silent foe, whose invisible hand had stricken the old man down as he sat at his desk, with. out one moment's warning. His health was feeble, and the shock of meeting with this brother-this poor lost disgraced brother whom he had for five-and-twenty years believed to be dead, had been almost too much for him. Nor was this all- unutterable terror took possession of him whoen he thought Henryn Dunbar. The old man could remem ber his brother's words: "Let him consider it a lucky escape if, when we next meet, he gets off scot free !" Sampson Wilmot had prayed night and day that such a meeting might never take place. For five-and-thirty years it had been delayed. Surely it would not take place now. The old clerk looked nervously at his brother's face. "Joseph," hlie murmured, "I'd .rather you didn't meet Mr. Dunbar. You were very badly treated-cruelly and unjustly treated nobody knows that better than I. But it's a very, very long time ago. Bitter feelings die out of a man's breast as the years roll by don't they, Joseph? Time heals all old wounds, and we learn to forgive others as we hope to be forgiven-don't we, Joseph ?" " You may," answered the reprobate, fiercely; " I don't! " iHe said no more, but sat silent, with his arms folded over his breast. IHe looked straight before him out of the carriage-win dow; but he saw no more of that ever changing prospect than if he had been look ing at a blank sheet of paper. Sampson Wilmot sat opposite to him, rest less and uneasy, watching his fierce gloomy countenance. The clerk took a ticket for his brother at the first station the train stopped at. But still Joseph was silent. An hour passed by, and he had not yet spoken. He had no love for his brother. The world had hardened him. The consequences of his own sins, falling very heavily upon his head, had embittered his nature. ie looked upon the man whom he had once loved and trusted as the primary cause of his disgrace and misery, and this thought influenced his opinion of all mankind. Hie could not believe in the goodness of any man, remembering, as he did, how he once trusted Ienry Dunbar. The brothers were alone in the carriage. Sampson watched the gloomy face opposite to him for some time, and then, with a weary sigh, he drew his handkerchief over his face and sunk back in the corner of the carriage. But he did not sleep. He was agitated and anxious. A dizzy faintness had seized upon him, and there was a strange buzzing in his ears, an. unwonted clouds before his dim eyes. He tried to speakl once or twice, but it seemed to him as if he was powerless to form the words that were in his mind. Then his mind began to grow confused. The hoarse snorting of the engine sounded monotonously in his ears, growing louder and louder every moment, until the noise of it grew hideous and intolerable-a perpetual thunder, deafen ing and bewildering him. The train was fast approaching Basing stoke, when Joseph Wilmot was suddenly startled fi'om his moody reverie. There was an awful cause for that start, that look of horror in the reprobate's face. CHAPTERt VII. The old clerk had fallen from his seat, and lay in a motionless heap at the bottom of the railway carriage. The third stroke of paralysis had come upon him; inevitable, no doubt, long ago; but hastened, it may be, by that unlooked-for meeting at the Waterloo terminus. Joseph Wilmot knelt- beside the stricken man. He was a vagabond and an outcast, and scenes of horror were not new to him. IHe had seen death under many of its worst aspects, and the grim King of Terrors had little terror for him. He was hardened, steeped in guilt, and callous as to the suffer ings of others. The lovewhiclh he bore for his daughter was, perhaps, the last ray of feeling that yet lingered in this man's per verted nature. But he did all he could, nevertheless, for the unconscious old man. He loosened his cravat, unfastened his waist coat, and felt for the beating of his heart. That heart did beat; very fitfully, as if the old clerk's weary soul had been making feeble struggles to be released from its frail taber nacle of clay. "Better, perhaps, if this should prove fatal," Joseph muttered; "I should go on alone to meet Henry Dunbar." The train reached Basingstoke; Joseph put his head out of the open window, and called loudly to a porter. The man came quickly, in answer to that impatient summons. "My brother is in a fit," Joseph cried; "help me to lift him out of the carriage, and then send some one for a doctor." The unconscious form was lifted out in the arms of the two strong men. They carried it into the waiting-room, and laid it on a sofa. The bell rang, and the Southampton train rushed onward, without the two travellers. In another moment the whole station was in commotion. A gentleman had been seized with paralysis and was dying. The doctor arrived in less than ten minutes. He shook his head after examining his patient. "It's a bad case." said he; "very had; but we must do our best. Is there anybody with this old gentleman ?'" "Yes, sir," the porter answered, pointing to Joseph; "this person is with him." The country surgeon glanced rather suspiciously at Joseph Wilmot. He looked a vagabond, certainly; every inch a vagabond. A reckless, dare-devil scoundrel, at war with society, and defiant of a world he hated. "Are you-any-relation to this gentle man? " the doctor asked, hesitatingly. "Yes, I am his brother." "I should recommend his being removed to the nearest hotel. I will send a woman to nurse him. Do you know if this is the first stroke he has ever had ?" " No, I do not." The surgeon looked more suspicious than ever, after receiving this answer. "Strange," he said, "that you, who say you are his brother, should not be able to give me information upon that point." Joseph Wilmot answered with an air of carelessness that was almost contemptuous. "It is strange," he said, "but many stranger things have happened in this world before now. My brother and I havn't met for years until we met to-day." The unconscious man was removed from the railway station to an inn near at hand-a humble, countryfied place, but clean and orderly. Here he was taken to a bed-chamber, whose old- fashioned latticed-windows looked out upon the dusty road. The doctor did all that his skill could devise, but he could. nn t r o'emt', - ...... ..- .- - The body lay, a form of motionless and senseless clay, under the white counterpane and Joseph Wilmot, sitting near the foot of thle led, watched it with a gloomy face. The woman who was to nurse the sick man came by-and-by and took her place by the pillow. But there was very little for her to do. "Is there any hope of his recovering ?", Joseph asked, eagerly, at the doctor was about to leave the room. "I fear not-I fear there is no hope." "Will it be over soon ?" "Very soon, I think. Ido not believe that he can last more than four-and-twenty hours." The surgeon waited for a few moments after saying this, expecting some exclamation of surprise or grief from the dying man's brother; but there was none, and with a hasty good evening the medical man quitted the room. It was growing dark, and the twilight shadows upon Joseph Wilmot's face made it darker in its sullen gloom even than it had. been in the railway-carriage. "I'm glad of it, I'm glad of it," he muttered; "I shall meet Henry Dunbar alone." The bed-chamber in which the sick man lay opened out of a little sitting-room. Sampson's carpet-bag and portmanteau had been left in this sitting-room. Joseph Wilmot searched the pockets in the clothes that had beeon taken off his brother's senseless form. There was some loose silver and a bunch of keys in the waistcoat pocket, and a well worn leather-covered memorandum-book in the breast pocket of the old fashioned coat. Joseph took these things into the sitting room, closed the door between the two apart ments, and then rang for lights. The chamber-maid who brought the candles asked if he had dined. "Yes,"he said, "I dined five hours ago. Bring me some brandy." The girl brought a small decanter of spirit and a wine glass, set them on the table, and left the room. As soon as she had done so, Joseph Wil mot locked the door. " I.don't want any intruders,"he muttered; " these country people are always inquiisitive.'" He seated himself at the table, poured out a glass of brandy, drank it, and then drew one of the candles towards him. He had put thle money, the keys, and the memorandum-book in one of his own pockets. IHe took out the memorandum-book first and examined it. There were five Bank of Eng land notes for five pounds each in one of the pockets, and a letter in the other. The letter was directed to Henry Dunbar, and sealed with the official seal of the bank ing-house. The name of Stephen Balderby was written on the left hand lower corner of the envelope. "So, so," whispered Joseph Wilmot, "this it the junior partner's letter of welcome to his chief. I'll take care of that." He placed the letter in the pocket of thb memorandum-book, and then looked at the pencil entries on the different pages. The last entry was the only memorandum that had any interest for him. It consisted of these few words H. D., expected to arrive at Southampton Docks on or about 19th inst., per steamer Electra, will be met by Miss Laura D. at Portland-place. " Who's Laura D. 7" mused the spy, as he closed the memorandum-book. "His daugh ter, I suppose. I remember seeing his mar riage in the papers twenty years ago. He married well, of course. Fortune made everything smooth for him. He married a lady of rank and fortune. Curse him i" Joseph Wilmot sat for some time with his arms folded upon the table before him, brood ing, brooding, brooding; with a sinister smile upon his lips, and an ominous light in his eyes. A dangerous man always-a dangerous man when he was loud, reckless, brutal, violent; but most dangerous when he was most quiet. By-and-bye he took the bunch of keys from his pocket, knelt down before the port mantean, and examined its contents. There was very little to reward his scrutiny. -only a suit of clothes, half a dozen shirts, and the necessaries of the clerk's simple toilet. The carpet bag contained a pair of boots, a hat-brush, a night-shirt, and a feded old chintz dressing gown. Joseph Wilmot rose from his knees after examining these things, and softly opened the door between the two rooms. There had been no chafige in the sick chamber. The nurse still sat by the head of the bed. She looked round at Joseph as he opened the door. "No change, I suppose? " he said. "No, sir, none." "I am going out for a stroll presently. I shall be in again in an hour's time." He shut the door again, but he did not go out immediately. He knelt down once more by the side of the portmanteau, and tore off the label with his brother's name upon it. He tore a similar label off the carpet-bag, taking care that no vestige of the clerk's name was left bebind. When he had done this, and thrust the torn labels into his pocket, he began to walk up and down the room, softly, with his arms folded upon his breast. "The Electra is expected to arrive on the nineteenth," he said, in a low, thoughtful voice, "on or about the nineteenth. She may arrive either before or after. To-morrow will be the seventeenth. If Sampson dies, there will he an inquest, no doubt; a post-'nortens examination, perhaps; and I shall be detained till all that is over. I shall be detained two or three days, at least; and in .the meantime, Ienry Dunbar may arrive at Southampton, huarry on to London, and I may miss the o?ei chance of meeting that man face to face. I won't be baulked of this meeting-I won't be baulked. Why should 1 stop here to watch by an unconsioous man's death-bed? No Pate has thrown Henry Dunbar once more across my pathway, and I won't throw my chance away." He took up his hat-a battered, shabby looking white hat-which harmonized well with his vagabond appearance, and went out, after saying at the bar that he would be back in an hour's time. H-Ie went straight to the railway station and made inquiries as to the trains. (To be constinuc.) p,?.,. ,, .,,.... .. .......:: r'T 77:7i?,:- .' 