PiUNVC1' S 'jPIRqjIj 11E' 1. Ud. ITNTaoiU ?. DMr. Punch has bece a Convert to Spiritualism. Doubt not that when,l where his Con version was finally eflcctrxill be rev. ul il here.fter, when the pu, mind shall be sufficiently attuned to celes harmonies to re ceive that revelation w solemnity and sweetness. For the press utlice it to say, d that having entirely and rassiona:tely con d: sidered the subject, havinp:mined the evi dences, having witnesseduusands of ex periments, having read the spiritual books, having meditated mo the vast ad vantages which mankind re gained from the ministering of the Spi, having duly regarded the scholarly, puriad disinterested character of the well-born t refined persons who practise Spirtualisn, 1 the superior intellectuality of the genten and ladies who believe in it. Mr. Pu. has convinced htmself that the Spirits are ruttme. He is not a Spirit to do artin" by halves. Tile very moment that felt himself a Spiritualist. he sent, for t most accom plished professors of the sam, and under their advice, aided by his ti genius, Mr. Punch's architect and upho:rer proceeded to fit tip the most handsome ,he saloons, at 84, Fleet-Street, as a Temple Spirtualism. The machinist of one of the ding theatres has rendered his invaluable'sistance, and Mr. Punch's Spiritual Saloond Demonical I Drawing-ltoom is now daily 1 nightly de- t voted to Seitces of the nm remarkable r character. As it is the duty of those w believe that they have discovered a truth timpart it to others in all its fullness, or eva little more, Mr. Punch proposes to publisht such times and seasons as the Spirits may lain, records of the proceedings at his Scbces. lie at once proceeds to state what tosilace at the very first of these extraordinarpectings. Tuesday, November 8, 64. MAr. Punch and about ten ' his young men assembled at nine o'clock The Sibylc I Medium, Mor?tInR SAUv.Rns, a-ed shortly afterwards Site took her as, and the t .Seance commenced. The gaslits were put out, but the Mlediumn stated tl:Spirits did not object to cigars, tobacco beg an inven tion of tile Objectionable Power After sonme knocking and sctchling, the t Medium announced that there we Spirits in r the room. Air. Punch was invited to intesgate them. I on the part of the meeting, and httmediate- n ly, and with his usual politeness.sked them I whether they would take anythi; to drink. t Gurgling sounds were heard, nd it was t evident that drinking was goingin, but no t person chose to say who had been it. Mr. Punch then required the nae of some t Spirit present. The first ansvwer was "t JuNIes's.rTESERS." " Do I understand that the respited party I is. Justus himself, or only Deadvetters?" c asked Mr. Punch. The first question was answered ithe affir mative. 3 " What other name did you bear a earth ?" asked Mr. Punch, and the assemnblyistened, breathlessly, for the solution of ne great mystery. The answer was " DEAN Swirr." "Dear me," said Mr. Punch,"' There must be-I mean-do I quite undlcrand-of 3 course I am the last person to doubt Spirit's word, but what made you die in 175, when i you did not write your first letter till 1769?" Here tlhere was much scretchingtd thie Mediurn explained that the Spirits wre very ;1 irritable, and did not like being cros- ques tioned. Something fiery was then eeti to I fly across the room, and plunge iro the grate. Later, when the lights were rctored, a splash of white ashes was seen ia the blackened hearth, and a visible shudde went round the company at this palpable prof of supernatural agency. A second Spirit was. then invited t name I itself. " MAGNNA CIOARTA." " I-and M rosTESQUIEu--have heard if the Spirit of Laws," said Mr. Punch, ."'ut I never expected to meet any of his firaily. I What has our friend from Runnymirle to say?" "I air the proudest birthright of the Bri tish," said the Spirit, with a slight naality, "and I caleulate that yew'd better con-serve, me like the apple of your eye, bein' as I air, the brightest gemt wrung from the haughty crown of your tyrannical llE~ar TtEt EtlcItr, and sealed with the patri-otic gore of CaW 05ER, SitNEs:-, and Lady JANE (REn." "-This is indeed worth knowing," said aIr. Punch, mindful of the hint not to offend the Spirits. A third Spirit, according to the Medium, evinced restlessness to speak. It was announced as "CoPERNICUS." "-\We are indeed honoured," said Mr. Punch. " May I humbly ask the illustrious astronomical Spirit to inform us what the Moon is made of?" " Ivory," said the Spirit. "Bless me, to think that we never thought of that. But ivory is-at least we have sup posed it-an animal substance-should I be trespassing on spiritual patience if I asked whence so large a quantity was oltained?" "From the tusks of mammoths, mastodons, and megatheria, existing for fourteenl billions of years bIefore the world was created, and it was fised together by the action of volca noes, and polished by attrition with the E1lua tor or Equitoxmous line. The dark parts, which you fancy holes, are stains, and were caused by thie bursting of the Milky Way in a severe frost." "Is tise Mloor inhabited?" "\\\'lhat's that to you?" answered the Spirit. Thie Medium announced that there sould be no more revelations fromnt that quar ter. There was a pause, during which somie thintg was felt to be rubbing against the legs of several of the party. (One, bolder than the rest, put hIis hand to seize the object, whent a fierce kind of noise was lheard, arnd thie Spiritdepartedfrom tihegroup. The ventu rous person comnplained of severe pain. and when the lighlts wrere turned on, the back of his hand was seen distinctly scored with three loni, angry scratlches, The Medium begged tlhat such tricks ,nighlt not be played, as the vengeance ot thie Spirits was very terrible. ' I am anxious," said Mr. l'unch, " to consult a Spirit who will answer mie a ques tion of personal interest to tmysell. I have mislaid ia new pair of bIlack trousers. Could I oitain informration of their whlereabouts?" The Mcrliumt called on the Spirits general ly, and there was a pause. P'resently a Spirit said, " There is a better crop of frogs in the South of France this year thian last, buit soy will be dear, owing to the mortality among blackbeetles." "Valuable as general information," said Air. Puneh, "but where are my trousers?" " Earthly garments wear out," said a Spirit after a pause, " but spiritual garments are not liable to do so." " But mine are earthly trousers, and I want them," persis:cd Mr. Punch. " Could you induce your Spirits to be in the slighest de degree pract;cal, M1'm?" "" I am only th1-ir slave," said the Medium, "but I ivill ask again. Can nny one tell anything about this gentleman's trousers?" Three loud knocks followed. "That is the answer, said the Medium. " I dare not ask again." "Three knocks! Hm," mused Mr. Punch. "Is it a reproach to me for having three pair, while many persons have none? Three, three-they can't mean-Mas. SAUCtNIERS, Ml'm, ask whether they've got among them the ghost of my Uncle." Noise as of applause was heard, and the Medium stated that she had heard the word Halls. "'Three Balls! Of course. Somebody's been and pawned my new black trousers," cried Mr. Punch. "But who, who? I ask anty Spirit who may know." "From information which I received," said a Spirit " Yes, yes, you are a very choice Spirit," said M.r. Punch, eagerly. " \\\'Well, who is it?" " I have reason to believe," said the Spirit, "that great numbers of cats were eaten as hares in the restaurants of Nice this year, and that during the winter forty-nine per cent. of babies will cry very much while they are being christened." Mir. Punch is full of virtues, and anger is one of them. lie exploded so fearlully at this last answer that the Medium, snatching up her mloney, bolted, and was seen no mlore. And so ended the first of 3.r. Punch's Seances. (All true.) PJ'UCII. 