THE SPINSTERS AND THE STEPMOTHER. (FROM OimiSTIAN'S MIST A ED. BY THE AUTHOR OF " JOHN HAMAN, GENTLEMAN," 5CL.) "Tnn Ufastm. and Alf rear S TI..,. - "THE Master and Mrs. Grey." Thus an- nounced suddenly and formally, like a stranger, in her own house Christian came home. The two maiden aunts rose ceremoniously. Either their politeness sprang from their natural habit of good-brooding, or it was wrung from them by extreme surprise. The apparition before them tall, graceful, and dignified could by no means be mistaken for anything but a lady. Such a lady as Avonsbridgo, with all its aristocracy of birth and condition, rarely produced. She would have been the same even if attired in sodden grey, but now she was well dressed,. in silks and furs Dr. Grey had smiled at the modest trousseau, and soon settled everything by saying, " My wife must wear so and so." In this rich clothing. which set off her fair largo Saxon beauty to the utmost advantage, Christian quite dazzled the eyes of the two ladies who had so persistently called her their young woman." Any person with eyes at all could see that, except for the difference in ago, there was not the slightest incongruity between (to follow Barker's pompous announcement) the Master and Mrs, Grey." Dr. Grey's personal introduction was brief enough : Christian, those are my sisters. This is Mark and this is Henrietta - Miss Gascoigne." Christian bowed a little stately, perhaps and then held out her hand, which, after a hesitating glance at Miss Gascoigne, was accepted timidly by Miss Grey. " I couldn't help it, my dear," she afterwards pledged, In answer to a severe Bedding "sho quite took me by surprise." But in Miss Gascoigne's neater and more wordly nature the surprise soon wore off', leaving a sharp consciousness of the beauty, grace, and dignity, formidable weapon in the hands of any woman, and especially of one so young as the Master's wife. Not that her youth was now very notice- able j to any one who had known Christian before her marriage, she would have appeared greatly altered, as if some strange mental con- vulsion had passed over her passed, and been subdued. In two weeks she had grown toil years older was' a matron, not a girl. Yet still she was herself. We often come to learn that change - which includes growth \- is one of the most blessed Jaws of existence is but it is only weak natures who, in changing, lose their identity. If Dr. Grey saw, what any one who loved Christian could not fail to have seen, this remarkable change in her, he also saw deep enough into her nature neither to dread it nor to deplore it. A few civil speeches having been interchanged about the weather, their journey, and so forth, the Master, suddenly looking around him, inquired, " Marin, where are the children ?" " I sent them to bed," said Miss Gascoigne, with dignity. " It was impossible they could be kept up till this late hour. My poor sister never allowed it." The color Unshod violently over Dr. Gray's face. With the quick, resolute movement of a master of his own house, he crossed the room and rang the bell. " Barker, inquire of nurse if the children are in bed. If not, say I wish them sent down to me) otherwise I will come up to them immediately." The answer to this message was awaited in most awkward silence. JSvon Miss Gascoigne seemed to feel that she had gone a little too far, and busied herself over the tea equipage a while Miss Grey, after one or two deprecating looks at dear Arnold, began knitting nervously at fraternal seeks the only aunt-like duty which, in her mock lnzinosB, she attempted to fulfil towards the children. For Christian, she sat by the fire, where her husband had placed her, absontly taking in the oxtoninlitios-warm, sombre, luxurious-of the house, which, in all human probability, was- now her home for life. for life ! Did that overpowering sense of the inevitable-so maddening to some so quieting to others cause all small things to sink to their natural smallness, and all painful things to touch her loss painfully than otherwise they would have been four ? It might have been," Barker returned with the information that all the children were fast asleep, but nurse said, " Of course Dr. Grey could come up if he pleased." " Let me go too," bogged Christian. " Little Oliver will look so pretty in hissed." Dr. Grey smiled. It was a rare thing to be a whole fortnight away from his children, and all the father B heart was in his loving eyes. " Come away, then," he said all his cheerful looks returning " Aunts, you will give us our tea when we return." " Well, she does make herself at home!" cried Miss Gascoigne indignantly, almost before the door had closed. Miss Grey knitted half a row with a perplexed air, and then, as if she had lighted upon a perfect solution of the difficulty, said brightly, "But then, you see, dear, Henrietta,, she is at home," Home! Through that chilly gallery, preceded by Barker and his wax lights ยก Btarea upon by those grim portraits, till more than once she started as if she had seen a ghost ยก up narrow, stoop, stone staircases, which might lead to a prison in a tower, or a dormitory in a monastery, anywhere except to ordinary natural bed-chamber. And when she reached them, what gloomy rooms they were leading one out of another, up a step and down a step, with great body that seemed only fit to lie in state in, after having turned one's face to the wall and slipped out of weary life into the imagined freedom of the life beyond. Home! If that was home, Christian shivered. ' ' Are you cold Barker send Mrs. Grey's maid with her warm shawl. Everybody feels the Lodge cold at first, but you will get used to it. Wait one minute," for she was pressing eagerly to the gleam of light through the half- opened nursery door. "My wife!" "Yes, Dr. Grey." As he put her hands on her shoulders, Christian looked into his eyes, right into them, for she was as tall as he. There was a sad quietness in her expression, there was no shrinking from him, and no distrust. " My wife need never be afraid of anything or any- body in this house." " I know that." " And, by-and-by, many things here which fool strange now will cease to fool so. Do you believe this ?" She smiled a very feeble smile a but, at least, there was no pretence in it. " One thing more. Whatever goes wrong, you will always come at once and tell it to me, to nobody else in the world but me ? Remember." " I will." Dr. Grey leaned forward and kissed his wife in his inexpressibly tender way-and then they went in together. Letitia and Arthur occupied two little closets leading out of the nursery, which seemed spacious enough and ancient enough, to have been the dormitory of a score of monks, as very likely it lies in the early days of St. Bede's. Phillis, sowing by her little table in the far corner, kept guard over a large bed, where, curled up like a rosebud, flushed and worm, lay that beautiful child whom Christian had thought of twenty times a day for the last fortnight. " Well, Phillis, how are you and your little folk, said the Master, in a pleasant whisper, as he crossed the nursery floor. He trod lightly, but either his step was too welcome to remain undiscovered, or the children's Sleep had been " fox's sleep," for there arose a great outcry of " Papa papa !" Oliver leaped up, half laughing, half screaming, and kicking his little bare legs with glee as his father took him in his arms ; Arthur came running in, clad in the very earliest costume possible, and Letitia appeared Bedately a minute or two afterwards, having stopped to put on her warm scarlet dressing-gown, and to take off her nightcap under the most exciting circumstances, This was such an exceedingly "proper" child. What would the Aronsbridge sons have said the solitary old Fellows in Combination- room-and, above all, what would the ghosts of the gloomy old monks have said, could they have seen the Master of St. Bede's, with all his children round him, hugging him, kissing him, chattering to him, while he hung over them in an absorption of enjoyment 30 deep that, for the moment, Christian was unnoticed ? But only for! ft moment, and he turned to where she stood, a little aloof, looking on, half sadly, yet with beaming, kindly eyes. Her husband caught her hand and drew her nearer. " Children, you rciiloiUbcr this lady. She was very good to you one day lately. And now I want you to be very good to her." "Oh, yes," j cried Oliyor, putting up his mouth at once for a I kiss. '' i like her very much. Who is she ? What is her name ?" Children risk Sometimes the simplest, yet the most terrible of questions. This one seemed literally impossible to be answered. Dr. Grey cried, and caught sight of his daughter's faced the mouth passed into that hard fine which made her so exactly like her mother. Arthur, too, looked sullen tllld shy. Nobody spoke but little Oliver, who, in his innocent, childish way, puUing Christian's dross, repeated Miriam "What is your name?" " What must Olly call you ?" Whatever she felt, her husband must have felt and known that this was the critical moment which, once let slip, might take years afterwards to recall. He said, nervously enough, but with a firmness that showed he must already have well considered the subject, "Cull hold mammal" There was no reply. Christian herself was somewhat startled, but, conscious of a pleasant thrill at the sound of the new name coming upon her so suddenly. Strange it was and as how differently it came to her from the way it comes upon most womoli-gradually, deliciously, with long looking forward and tremulous hope and fear- still it was pleasant. Her maternal in' instinct was so strong that even imaginary mother hood seemed sweet. She bout forward to embrace the children, with tears in her eyes, when Letitia, said, ill ft sharp uncbildliko voice, "People can't have two mammas. And our mumma is buried in the New Cemetery-aunts took us there yesterday afternoon." Had the little girl chosen the sharpest arrow in her aunt's quirdr ; hay, had silo boon Miss Grnscoigno herself, she could not have shot more keenly home. For the dart was barbed with truth literal truth ; which, however Bore it be, people in many difficult circumstances of life are obliged to face, to recognize, and abide by to soften and subdue if they can ; but woe betide them if, by any cowardly weakness or short-sighted selfishness, they are tempted to dolly its truth, or to overlook and make light of it ! Painful as the position was-so painful flint Dr. Grey was quite overcome by it, and maintained a total silence Christian had yet the sense to see that it was a position inevitable, because it was true. Bitterly as the child had spoken with the bitterness which she had been taught yet she had only uttered a fact. In one sense, nobody could have two mothers and Christian, almost with contrition, thought of the poor dead woman whose children were now taught to call another woman by that sacred name. But the pang passed had she known the first Mrs. Grey it might not have been so Sharp in any case, here was she herself Dr. Grey's wife, and the natural guardian of his children. Nothing could after that fact. Her lot was cast for duty was clear bow for her she must accept it and hear it, what ever it might be, Perhaps, for some reasons, it was the better for her that if was rather hard. She looked at her husband, saw how agitated he was, and there seemed to come into her mind a sort of inspiration. " My child," she said, trying to draw Letitia towards her, you say truly I am not your own mamma ; no one ever could be that to you again ; but I mean to be as like her as I can I mean to love you and take care of you; and you will love me too, by-and-by. You can always talk to me as much as ever you like about your own mamma." "She doesn't remember her once but," said Arthur, contemptuously. " Oh, yes, I do." cried lies satin, "She was very pretty, and always were such beautiful gowns." Again there was a silence, and thou Christian said, "I think, if the children do not dislike it, that as they always called Mrs. Grey 'mamma,' they had better call me mother, It is a pleasanter word than stepmother. And I hope to make myself a real mother to them before long." "I know you will," answered Dr. Grey, in a smothered voice, as he set down little Oliver, and, kissing the children all round, bade nurse carry them off to bed once more. 