THE LOCAL COURTS. Who has complained of the Local Courts ? As Mr. Justice Gwynne says, there are some thirty of these throughout the colony, and they have taken away neurlv all tbe business which used to be transacted in the Supreme Court. Is not this a proof that the colonists have found them useful, and that they prefer them to the higher tribunal ? No man is obliged to go to tho Magistrates in a civil suit of any importance if he would rather go to the Judges. But he does not go to the Judges. Hence all tho outcry which we have heard. Mr. Justice Gwynne, in his recent decision, com plains that 'tho great mass of the current business of the Supreme Court ib removed from the Judges and conferred upon gentle men dependent for their offices upon— not to say the Attorney- General— but the Ministry of the day. And surely the Judge is prac ticully, so far as the public is concerned, as much removed by taking the business from his Court and jurisdiction as he would be by taking him from that business and jurisdic tion.' This is the secret. The publio have become sickened of tho Supreme Court. They like tbe law administered in a simpler way ; and therefore nothing is left but to destroy those popular local tribunals by declaring tbem in valid, People must be made to go to the Supreme Court, whether they like it or not. King Alfred, when he sat under the oak-trees and administered justice, little thought of the 'invalidity' and 'repugnancy' he was per petrating by proceeding in that undignified and irregular way. But in pulling down the Local Courts the two Judges pull down themselves. We re publish in as prominent a manner ob possible one or two extracts on this point, from the decision of the Chief Justice. He says, speak ing of the argument of his learned colleagues: —'But before proceeding to estimate its worth we may pause for a moment to consider its consequences. They are somewhat startling Every Act passed since June, 1843, for the purpose of establishing Courts of Justice, or of making provision for tho better administration of justice, or for defining the constitution or Courts or of Juries, is invalid. It will not, I presume, be disputed, as was pointed out by the Attorney-General, that the Ordinance No. 12 of 1849, which provides that for the future the Supreme Court should be holden by or before one or more Judges to be appointed by Her Majesty instead of before one Judge, as previously enacted, and under authority of which my learned colleague Mr. Juttice Boothly was appointed, was an Act making provision for the better administration of justice, or for defining the constitution of a Court of Law, any more than it will that the Third Judge and District Courts Act, under which my learned colleague Mr. Justice Qtoynne was appointed, was pasted for the same purpose. It would follow that both of these Acts are invalid, and that this Court is only rightfully held before one Judge. In the same manner the Ordinance regulating summary proceedings before Justices of the Peace, the Act constituting the Insolvent Court, the Acts which now regulate the constitution of Juries, the Acts regulating the practice and procedure of this Court, tho Divorce and Matrimonial Causes Act, are, as well as the Local Courts Act, and for the name reasons, invalid.' That the Imperial Government should thus have deprived the colonists of powers which they previously possessed, under pretence of giving them self-government, is pointed out to be rather improbable ; whilst His Honor further says—' And I confess, also, notwith standing the ha estimate of the opinion of the law officers of ilus Crown in England, which has occasionally been expressed in this Court, I cannot but feel that some further presump tion arises against that construction, from tbe circumstance that now, during more than 20 years, the Legislatures established in this colony have passed laws, for the tarions pur poses which it is thus contended are beyond their powers, and yet that none of the emiaent men who have during that time been called upon to advise the Crown with reference to these laws hare ever suggested any doubt as to their validity, I admit that I shrink from s conclusion which appears to attribute so much incompetency or carelessness to such men.' These remarks in support of the reasons elaborately given in the judgment of His Honor deserre notice now* that even a few members of Parliament are v adopting the theories which Messrs. Boothby and Gwynoe enunciated in their evidence given three or four years ago, and which have been allowed to sleep until aTlas^ in~sheer'desperation from the absence of all other business, the Bar and the Bench revive tbe subject, and force it upon the attention of the public. The Rev. W. Taylor.— The Rev. W. Taylor, a minister of the Wesleyan denomination from California, and who is now on a visit to the Aus tralias for the benefit of his health and for the purpose of raising funds towards the re- erection of his church in San Francisco, which was unfortu nately burnt down some time ago, and whose visit to this colony has been anxiously looked for by the members of the Wesleyan Church, arrived by the Penola on Sunday morning, and preached in Pirie street Chapel in the afternoon and evening. His success as a preacher bas been undoubted, and great revivals have taken place wherever he bas visited. The chapel was crowded at both services, but more particularly in the evening, when numbers of persons went away, being unable to obtain admittance. The rev. gentleman discoursed in the afternoon from Acts i. 8— 'But ye shall receive power, after that the Uoly Ghost is come upon you; and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.' Those were the last words of Jesus Christ, and the rev. gentleman referred to the deep impression the last words of a beloved friend on the eve of departure were calculated to make upon his relatives or friends, and the impression made upon the disciples by those last words of their beloved Lord and Master. He pointed out the promise contained in the text, and which was fulfilled in a striking manner on the day of Pente cost, when many souls were added to the Lord. The position of the Christian Church in Judea in that day was referred to, and the many disad vantages they then laboured under in the dissemi nation of the truth. There were no external evidences of power like the Christian 'Church possessed in the present day; but the disciples waited in faith for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit upon them, which they received, and that was the source of all the power they afterwards weic possessed of in their proclamation of the truth. He then impressed upon the minds of his hearers the fact that the fulfilment of the promise of giving the Holy Spirit demonstrated .the truth of the Saviour's promise and of the Gospel to the end of the world. It was the same truth and the same Gospel now as then, ana just as easily obtained by those who earnestly sought it; and the same manifestations of the Spirit could be obtained now as then by their asking in faith; if they received not it was because they asked amiss. Access to Christ was just as free, God was in their midst as He was with His people hundreds of years ago. In con clusion, he invited all to ask for, and earnestly seek to obtain, the spirit of God to their ever lasting salvation, and impressed upon them the duty and responsibility resting on all with reference to caring for the spiritual welfare of others. In the evening Mr. Taylor preached from Ezekiel xxxiii. 11— 'As I live, saith the Lord God, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked; but that the wicked turn from his way and live: turn ye, turn ye from your evil ways; for why will ye die.' He first directed attention to the words of the Almighty contained in the first part of the text, from wluch encouragement could be taken. All were invited to live. God willed not the death of any one, but wished all to turn to him and be saved. In those words he showed the feelings of tenderness and of paternal love which He felt towards them, and which He would continue to feel towards them if they turned not from Him and grieved not His Holy Spirit. In solemn and impressive language he told them that God was not only a sympathetic and loving father, but a righteous sovereign, and warned them of the fearful consequences of a refusal to turn and live. The question was one of life and death, and it was of the utmost importance that a decision should be at once made. He pointed out the heavy re sponsibility and agency of man in the matter. All hiA been done by tbe Almighty that it was possible for him to do, and if refusal was persisted in man passed sentence of death upon and placed himself in a position from which it was utter hopelessness to endeavour to free himself. The rev. gentleman, towards the end of his sermon, paused, and asked all to indulge in a few minutes' silent reflection and prayer, when an intense feeling of solemnity prevaileJ, during which he sang a hymn, and afterwards concluded his discourse by again forcibly impressing upon his hearers the importance of immediate decision in the matter of their soul's salvation. A prayer meeting was held after the service, when the body of the chapel was filled. Mr. Taylor will preach every evening during the week, except Saturday, in Pirie-street Chapel. Telegraph to New Sooth Wales.— We pub lish in another column an interesting account of the ceremony of planting the first pole in the new line of telegraph at Wentworth, The work is now fairly commenced both in this colony and in New South Wales. Thk Supreme Court Act Amendment Bill.— In the division upon the third reading of this mea sure, as it appeared in Saturday's Register, an error occurred, the name of Mr. Colton appearing on both sides and Mr. Everard's name being omitted. Mr. Colton voted with the Ayes, and Mr. Everard for the Noes. TheRainfall at Wellington.— Our correspon dent says:— 'Very heavy rain fell at Wellington on the 18th July. It continued during the greater part of the day and night, and will be very bene ficial to farmers and others in the neighbourhood. What is wanted now is a little warm weather.'' Victoria Theatre.— Buckstone's 'Flowers of the Forest,' notwithstanding the condemnation of critics, appears to bear 'a charmed life.' Tbe plot is complicated and improbable, but its inci dents are striking, the humour rich, and the catas trophe satisfies the canons of poetical justice. The desire to be amused, a potent impulse in playgoers, is gratified, and the popular instinct is not so far outraged by the self-sacrifice of Cynthia as it is pleased with the course of events, which vindicates innocence and 'makes two lovers happy.' What ever may be the cause, the composition seems destined to retain a perennial popularity, and pro duced under Lady Don's direction on Saturday evening it was more than usually successful. Bei Ladyship personated ' Starlight Bess,' the acquisi tive but affectionate gypsy fortune-teller, with great ability. Her earlier scenes were lively and amusing. She loved and lied, she sang and gloated over her small gains with a levity that little pre pared spectators for the generous efforts afterwards made to save her .worthless lover, and the intense anguish she exhibited whilst ' waiting for the verdict' which condemned him as a murderer. Her forgiveness of Cynthia and earnest efforts to reconcile her to the tribe from which she hod been ignominiously driven forth, were phases of the character to which Lady Don gave such 'graceful prominence, as to raise it, if not above, at least to the level of that of Cynthia, generally accepted as the heroine of the piece. Mrs. Kay played Cynthia, as she does every othei character, whether in her line or not, conscien tiously. The text carefully studied, the costume tasteful and appropriate, ensures her against failure, and wins many an unexpected but well deserved triumph. The other characters were fairly played. Mr. Greville as Cheap John and Mr; MacGowan as The Kinchin, .were immensly amusing. Mrs. Greville was dignified a8 Lady Agnes, and Mr. Appleton threw unusual vigour into his representation of the vindictive IshmaeL The performance concluded with 'Perseus and Andromeda,' the best of the burlesques as yet introduced under Lady Don's regime. This evening an Irish sensation drama is to be played for the first time in Adelaide. After which Lady. Don is to appear as 'Aladdin' or the Wonderful Scamp. ashton'8 Circus Company.— This talented company played at Norwood on Saturday evening, the 22nd instant, on their return from a successful country tour, to a very larce audience. Every part of the tent was well filled, and the various feats of the different performers were received with much applause. The company perform in town this evening. Miss Edith Palmerston.— We notice that Miss Edith Palmereton has arrived by the Penola, and is announced to appear at White's Booms on Wednesday evening next. Adelaide Polios Court. —On Saturday a prisoner, chanted with stealing a pah- of panta loons from a diaper's shop in Bundle-street, was committed for trial at the Supreme Court A charge against a horse-dealer of having obtained possession of two mares under false pretences was dismissed. It appeared from the evidence oi the prosecutor that £35 out of £JSI, the price agreed on. had been paid previously to the delivery of the animals, and from other evidence the object of the purchaser appeared to have been a re-sale with a profit. .Lectore.— On Friday evening, July 21, there was a large meeting of members of the Hindmanb Institute inthe District Hall. Mr. Pickering, M.P., presided, and introduced Mr. C. H. Goode. M.P., who delivered a most interesting and instructive lecture, the subject being his own ' Beminiscences of a Trip to Italy.' The lecture was much and deservedly appreciated. When sosne member oi the Institute rose to move the thanks *f the meet ing, a gratifying anJ unanimous vote of thanks was voted by acclamation. It is scarcely necessary to state that the lecture was a gratuitous one : hut it must be recorded that the sum received for admission was sufficient to purchase some desired additions to the library of the Institute, which ia advancing in numbers, utility, and public favour. $3f Messrs. TowHsend, Botting, and Kay have requested us to direit special attention to their Sale of a quantity of Timber, just arrived, ex Clutha, from Sydney; together with Shafts, Draypoles, Felloes, Spokes, &c; The Sale will take place at the Port at 12 o'clock Ibis Day. 