JEMMY AND JENNY JESSAMY. (From tho Saturday Review.) In tho prefnco or- introduction to ono of Sir "Walter Scott's novels, an old lady is represented discoursing with tho author, and expressing her admiration of somo previous production of his brain. Tho novel sh opinion, tlio best that wns ever written, oxcept tho "History of Jemmy and Jenny Jessamy." As for that immortal histor)', it was an ideal of perfection, never to bo equalled in this dofectivo world. Mankind had only to wonder that such excellence had ovor been presonted in a visible shape. Unless memory is vory treacherous, wo onco in carly youth saw on tho walls of somo country inn or lodging-house two colored prints, respectively representing a young gentlomeii and and lady in old- fashioned costume, and pur- porting to be Jonnny and Jenny Jcssnmy. Wo aro ovon inclined to recollect that in thoso works of art an attempt was mado to combine the efl'oots of painting nnd sculpture by an oxtromely simplo process uot uncommon in tho last century. Tho colorod figures - woro carefully.: but ? otifc &Hd;' i pasted., upon a hlaok ground, but ono of the t\ arms wos: purposely- loft destitute of the ad- ri hoaivb;material, and.allowed to projoefc for- wards. If tho: figure was that of a lady, and tho.unstuck hand held a nosegay, tho offoct waB considered by competent judges to bo pretty arid natural. What .an instructive paper, by the way, might be wfitton on tho successive ornaments that havo decorated, tho Walls and mantelpieces of tho less opulent classes during (say) tho last hundred years! Tho record would bo;.of quaint designs in worsted, of violently-colored mezzotints traceable to the now forgotten establishment of Messrs. Bowles and Carver in St. Paul's churchyard, of horrid waxwork groups on scriptural* subjects, of black velvet used as nh imitation of the feline coat, bf - older-pith .and minute rolls of paper applied to tho adornment pf various unservice- able boxes?all objects that belonged to a past generation, and can never return, s'avo through' a retrogression in taste that is scarcely to bo considered possible. Such a thing.of the past ls the."History of Jemmy and- Jenny Jossamy," which, as we havd seen, was most. famous in its day. When a book, or on actor, or on event bocomes tho subject of a casual reference, or of a choap print, and that in an ago whon there are no illustrated nowspopors hungoring oftor appropriate topics, wo moy bo assured that it was fftmilior to a very largo number of persons, and that tho knowledge of it waa by no means confined to those of superior culture. Wo may assumcthat Jemmy and Jenny Jossamy. woro characters known to that largo class of tho public which in tho last century certainly did not read much. That to tho ears of many of our readers tho names of tho interesting couplo will have' something of a familiar ring, wo. aro inclined to behove. Still moro strong is our, opinion that tho wholo body of. thoso who know of them any moro than their names might easily bo accommodated in a china-closot of modowto dimensions. Nay, having carefully, and with no small effort, read through tho novol, wo aro roady to confess a certain complacent satisfaction at tho cirum stanoo that wo aro in possession of a modicum of erudition vouchsafed to almost nono of our fellow creatures. Wo feel that it is simply a moral restraint which provents us from in- dulging in the most rooklesB mendacity while describing Mrs. Eliza Hay wood's work, and that if wo refrain from saying, for oxamplo," that Jemmy Jossamy is King James .H., and Jenny Jossamy tho Duchoss of Marlborough in dis- guise, wo aro governed wholly by regard for truth, and not by any fear of detection hi falsehood. There is something vory ihislcading both in tho title of tho novol nnd in tho fact of its former popularity. Thoro is a sort of affinity botweon tho words " Jessamy" and " Jossamino (or Jasmino), and thore is a homely Anglicism, in the "Jemmy" and tho "Jenny," that load ono to expect a tale; of pastoral lovo in which tho insipidity of tlio ordinary Damon and Phyllis will bo rendered additionally nauseous by an infusion of homo-groWn sentimentality; No ono can bo moro fluent than your genuine Britishor in twaddling about tho innocenoo of rural lifo. With this hypothesis doduced from the titlo-pago of tho book, tho ingonious specu- lator "may account for tho riso and fall of tho Jessamy mania. Ohco people liked stories about well-bred rustics who talked a great deal of highflown stuff, but they havo long ceased to relish incitements of tho sort. Jenny Jessamy was some village maiden, dishonorably courted by some.wicked squire, who cruolly persecuted hor proper lover, Jommy. , At last virtuo triumphod, tho . equiro was "overthrown, and very probably Jemmy turned out to bo tho law- ful ownor of his wrongly-held estate. All vory woll in its time, but folkB like something different now. Sinco tho days of tho old-fashioned romances thoy havo boon well fod with historical fictions, and, having becomo tired of thom in their turn, havo comfortably settled into a con- templation of modern actual life, viowod, just at prosont, under somowhnt stormy aspocts. - So much moro plausible does this hypothesis look than many serious historical theories, that ono fools a regret in demolishing it uttorly with tho declaration that nover was a book loss sen- timental, less pastoral, or less obviously nddrosscd to any transient caprico of the read- ing world than this Bamo story of "Jemmy and Jonny Jossamy." Tho young gontloinan is hoir to a largo estate, and has been duly educated at Eton and Oxford. Tho young lady, a distant cousin, is daughter of a wealthy merchant, and grows up a model of high-bred proprioty. Tho respective parents of Jommy and Jonny destino thom for oaoh other, and dio, leaving them in a stato of complete indopendenco at an carly ago. Thoy aro oxpected by their acquaintance to marry immediately, but sovcral instances of domostie unhappiness which como under their immediate notice dotormino' thora not to bo too precipitate, Jenny hoing the loader on tho road of wisdom. "Evory ono," says that Bago young maiden, " bcfor.o thoy engiigo in marriago, should bo woll versed in all thoso things, what: over thoy aro; which constitute tho happiness of it j this town is an amplo school, and both of us havo acquaintance enough in it to learn, from tho mistakos of othors, how to regulate our own conduct and passions bo as not to bo laughed at oursolvos ' for what wo laugh afc in thom." For theso, remarks sho is woll rewarded by Jemmy with tho exclama- tion, " Spoken like a pTiilosoplioress \" Tho instances of conjugal discomfort form tho sub- jects of short- episodes, tho authoress throughout adopting the method which wo find omployod by Cervantes, Scarron, Lo Sago, Fielding, Smol- lett, &c;, of interweaving tho main story with others sometimes searcoly connoctod with it. Gonorallythe incidents narrated 'aro not of o very exoiting kind, though they Bomotiraes illus- trate a lox stato of society. Hore ,a married gentleman bf distinction has a mistress in every respect inferior to his own wife; there a marriod lady of quality pays hor gaming dobts at tho expenBO of her honor. Moro eccentric than these is n cortain Lady Fisk, who. " went to Covent Garden in man b clothes, picked up a woman of tho town, and was severely beaton by her on tho discovery of hor sex." But the pre- vailing tono ot tho book is decidedly grave and moral, nnd, though there is moro plain speaking than nt tho present day, it is quito obvious that tho authoress is never intentionally licentious. Whon Jommy nnd Jenny havo wisely re- solved to prepiiro themselves for the marriago state, they aro soparntod for somo timo, Jemmy going to Bath with somo friends of rank and position, whoso mild adventures help to Well out tho volumes, nnd Jemmy, through somo business engngomont, being constantly hindorod from joining her. Though tho young gentleman is somewhat of a libertine, and apt to indulgo in transient amours, ho nover thinks of breaking his engagement with his dear Jonny, who, on her side, never indulges in jealousy. Her virtuo indoed, whilo of tho purest quality, is at tho same timo of that robust kind that docs not de- pend on innocenco, and at littlo more than 20 years of ago sho can perfectly distinguish be- tween tho aimless pocadilloea of molo unmarried youth and thoso aberrations that aro likely to result in a broach of promise of marriage. 'Tho following little speech whioh "she makes on ono occasion to her Jemmy illus- trates with singular - plainness her general views on tho subject of masculine constancy:? " Moko no vows on this last hoad (fidelity) I beseech you. I havo hoard peoplo much oldor "and moro experienced than ourselves say that tho soonest woy to do a thing is to resolvo against it. Besides, my dear Jommy," addod she, with tho most ongaging sprightliness, " I shall not bo so unreasonable to' expect moro constanoy from you than human nature and your constitution will allow s and if you aro os good os you can, may vory well contont myself with your endeavors to be hotter." Tho only serious obstaolo to tho happiness pf these very rational - lovers arises through tho machinations ¦ of Bcllpino, a falso friend of Jemmy's, who, having becomo eaainoured of Jenny and her fortune, vainly tries to make Jemmy fall seriously in lovo with a certain Miss Chit, famod for tho oxcellonco of her singing, but is moro successful in spreading a report of Jommy's sorious inconstancy, which reaches tho ears of Jenny. When tho machinations, of Bellpino lire discovered, ho is so torribly mauled by the injured Jemmy, in singlo combat, that his Ufo is despaired of, and tho avenger Hies to France- td osoapp'theoomseqiiondcs ' of; tdoiisuo dbmul duduirig!,' However,' tho wounded7 man recovers ; Jonnyi gdtrltf os one bf a -wedding- ¦ parly to Parish joinB tho 'disconsolate' Jemmy, and brings Lia.oaok safe.and Bound to Worry hor in the " Abbey Church ^Westminster.'^ There is tho whole story?that is to B&y;, tnii main, story, Btripped of its dotails and ramifica^ lions. That' in itself it is not;". sensational '* will bo at once perceived j lot us hasten to state that nothing whatever ie done to mako it bo. Tho personages part, moot again, flirt, quarrel' faint, and fall into each other s ofifls j but, do what they will, they no more loy claim id Btu; sympathies than would a sot of well-dressed and Cldvorry-manngod puppets in a Fantoccini. Wo aro told a great deal about lovo and hatred, but we never seo thom expressed. Of the ort of representing an emotion, so as to kindle Br«An.' thing corresponding in tho mind of any readorof tho present-day, the authoress has has not tho slightest notion s' and even whoa a passion is declared Joy'ono Of the principal characters, we aro convincod that the speaker ls less concerned about his heart than about tho rounding of his periods, though these aro not very wellrourided after dil. ' Mer is any appeal mode to tho appre- ciation of wit ida repartee; as in the writings of ¦**»< Congreve, ond^ other hettftleaB hierarchs of a i peculiar worship of intelleot. . At humor or at delineation of charafito aa attempt is mado. The porsonages all belong td tho highest ranks of a very artificial soeioty, Idilngo through their timo in London and Bath, amuse one toidtiiol' .With elaborate gallantries, ond indulgo in copious btlt ildt feckless Vcr* bosity. Sf oro poins are tdkbH -With Jdriny'ft character than with.' that of tho other's1, ? but Bh8 is such a moro incarnation of tho views oritofc tamed by tho authoress that her speeches aro scarcely to be distinguished from tho moral oxordia which are uttered by Mrs. Eliza Hay- wood, in her own person, af tho commencement of many chapters. ? With all tho peculiarities which will seem bo straugo to a modern reador,. tho Histor;/ of Jemmy and Jenny Jessamy is by no means a contemptible book. Tho story id okilfuUy con- structed, without sacrifice of probability. Or tt» course to claptrap of any kind ; and if itnovtJi? excites, it never becomes wholly devoid of inter 'ost. Moreover, it would bo hard to find a moro perfect Bpechnon of that satisfaction with a thoroughly worldly and somi-Pagau morality which at a later period earned for tho oightcontu cohtury tho epithet "-Godless," than in tho rules of lifo laid down in tho course of this once famous novel.?{Abridged) : -??? DePAETUEE OP THE NOBTHBEN- TeEMTOEY Expedition, under Me. M'KiniiAT.?Owing 'to the tempestuous state of the weather on Saturday, tho day selected for the departure of Mr. John M'S inlay and porty ? by tho Ellen Lewis for tho Northern Territory, the ovont did not tako place. In tho earlier port of the day thoro was a little wind, but towards midnight it stiff brcono sprang up from the south, and brought with it in tho afternoon occasional slight ehowors of rain, whioh, however, woro not sufficient to lay tho clouds of gravel that wore continually - flying ¦ about in tho dusty streets of Port Adelaida. The Ellen Lewis is a vessol of 336 tons, commanded by Mr. Stephen Hellon, and was on Saturday lying at tho Queen's wharf for the reception of the cargo for Adam Bay. The names of tho pas- sengers are as follow : Mcssrs. J. McKinlay, (leader), Dr. Stokes Millner, (protector of aborigines) ; John Davis, (storekeeper); Thomas Gillbanks, George Gibson Mayo, Samuel Watts; David Collier, John Horner, J. B. Crispe, G. P. Morris, Thomas Glen; F. W. Thring (one of Stuart's party), and police-trooper Potter. Total number 13. The vessel presented a busy scone of bustle and activity, as may be imagined, but there was nothing in her appearance to distinguish her from any other vessel about to start on a long sea voyage. There had been no attempt made on tho part of anyone to get up a demonstration, in remembrance of the departure of the expedition for the new settlement, and it was rumored that the reason of the absence of anything of. the kind was the limited success that had attended the efforts of those who had previously-gone there and who were honored with a publio demonstration. A very large .number of porsons, however, visited the ship during the day, including .his Excollency the Governor and his Aide-de-Camp (who rode from town on horseback), tho hon. Treasurer (hon. Arthur Blyth), and Major Douglas, and several gentlemen connected with the govern- ment, besides a large number of personal friends of tho members of the expedition, who were very kindly received by Captain Hellon. His Excellency and suite inspected tho arrange- raonts reade for the comfort of the mon and tho carriage of tho stock, and did, it is undorstood, oxprosB his satisfaction at the manner in which they had boon carried out under tho careful superintendence of Mr. J. Boothby on behalf of tho govornmont. Tho horses, of which thero aro 32, woro shipped by Mr. W. H. Formby. They appeared strong-built animals, well ablo f to travol.rough country. Most of thom wero light draught horses, although thero wero a few capablo of quick speed. Tho Btalls fitted up were arranged oight on each side, two horses boing told off to each. Hie horses did not appear to bo at all restless, but on tho contrary, were remarkably quiet, as if resigned to their fate. Tho dook below on which they stood had boon covered with about 6 inehds of fino sand, and a spaco, three feet wide, was rcservod on each side, or at tho rear of the horses, for a passage for the grooms. In- every respect tho arrangements for the stook appeared porfect, there being ample room for them to move about or Ho down, and for tho admission bf the .air necessary to-animal lifo on board ship. Thero wero 182 hoad of sheep, and 20 goats, and these woro piacod on temporary decks, noar the horses, and fitted up for the purpose. Tho Ellen Lowis tokes six months' provisions with hor, including a supply for tho Beatrice, engaged in surveying. His Excellency and suito nrrivbd on board between 3 nnd 4 o'clock in the afternoon. After inspecting tho fittings ho retired ' to the cabin, where ho addressed a few words to some of tho party who wero there assembled.' Speaking to Mr. Thomas Gill banks, . his Excellency Baid' he wished hun to assure his fellow voyagers ond the mon at tho Northern Territory "that they in Adelaide felt' deeply interested in all that concornod tho Northern Torritory ; and that, although they wero so for away, the pooplo of Adelaide wero kocping a sharp look-out upon them. Thoy hod a good man for a leador, in whom ho had great confidence; and ho hoped they would go thero to retriovo somo of the blunders that had been made. Without 'harmony among them, and obedience to thoso who wero in authority over them, ho reminded thom no good would result from their labors. With these remarks his Excellency bade them- farewell and withdrew, and shortly afterwards proceeded to town. Mr. M'Kinlay come on board during tho afternoon, ond was actively engaged in com- pleting tho arrangements for the voyage. Tho captain'of tho Royal Shepherd courteously and readily consented to tug tho Ellen Lewis out of tho harbor if the weather should moderate, and it bo deemed advisable' to proceed to sea.? 5\. A. Register, September 25. Ghostly Music.?An absurd story comes from Munich about a ghostly service hold in the Protestant church one night. ' At about 8 o'clock in tho -evening, peoplo collected about the doors of tho dosed edifice, attracted by tho sound of singing.' One enthusiastic auditor dis- tinctly heard hymns, another could detect the sound of tho organ, a third could seo through tho windows a ghost in shirt-sleeves flitting about tho have. Tho gensdarmes came and broke into tlio church ; there was nobody thoro, but the Binging continued. Tho infatuated publio hung about uutil 12 at night; they searched the chancel, tho vestry", the organ-loft, and the gallery, peered underneath the commumon tablo, peopod into the baptismal font; but noither populace, soldiors, gensdarmes, nor NatcIzinacMer could discover anything. In tue morning it was found out that a couplo of Misty fellows had been sitting in their room Bbuthng ono end of the church, drinking beer and sing ing "'Jidele Lieder" all night. By some archi- tectural or acoustical dispensation tho souna had penetrated into tho church ; and tho Mu- nich public/not boing very musical, despite Wagner, took the "fidelaLieder" for hymns! 