CURRENT TOPICS. A meeting is to be held this afternoon at the British Hotel, v/iieu the advisa bility of holding a regatta'in Gorio Bay will be fully discussed. It is to be hoped tliivt the movement will be successful, but aucli it cannot be unless all parties who wish to see Corio Bay the centre of attraction lend a willing ? hand. That Qeelong can boast of one of the best racing courses (water), there can be little doubt; but, strange to say, it has never been duly appreciated. From Ballarat, wo hear of tournaments on a Wendouree swamp, the people of the golden city alluring strangers to compete by oiFerinn valuable prizes. Such things are not required in Geelong, where we have the water "gratis;" all that is needed is a small amount, and the yaebts anil gigs of the metropolis will be down to compete ag.iinst our athletes. What benefit a good regatta would confer upon the town, we leave to the trading community to decide. . " The sweiring in of the new members of the Chilwell contingent of artillery will take place this evening at the Barwon Store, corner of Fyans- strect, at half-past seven. There are now fifty members who have joiued the corps', and 110 doubt the number will be considerably increased to-night. The gallant colonel and a magistrate will be present to administer the oath of allegiance, and Captain Volum, with his accustomed liberality, has seat Jown a cask-of his ale to enliven tlie proceeding?. A meeting of the Industrial League was held last evening, at the Olive Branch Hotel, and was attended by about fifty persons. Between two and three hundred blank tickets were issued to members of the Provisional Committee. Mr Ashmore occupied the chair. A meeting was held at Camperdown last week,'-for the purpose of publicly endorsing the.conduct of Mr Longmme, A'LP.7"in.'liis support.' of "the Ministry."] Only [§ix - or eight persons were present, and the proceedings woroquito devoid of interest; Owing to the non-arrival of Mr Com" missioner Brewer-from Gipps Land,'the meetings .appointed- to be held in various insolvent estates yesterday lapsed, very greatly to the disappointment of: insol vents," claimants, "legal gentlemen, 'wit nesses, and'others. The difficulty is one .neyer; contemplated by the framers of the In'sblvensy Statute, and it is not easy :to see ,in what way it can be surmounted other than by special enactment of the Legislature.. We have been .requested to call the attention ofr shipping agents and others to the sale of tlie "Annie,"."Dfivid," and " Streamlet,"-schooners and'cutters-by Mr. M.; S. Levy, which is to be held this day. ? _ ? ?? It will be. seen by an advertisement which ^appears in another -column, ' that the" butchers,: owing to. tho high prices ruling for stock, have .been compelled to raise tlio price of beet' one penny per I pound. ' j A prisoner' awaiting his trial in the Jail attempted to commit suicide yester day by hanging. The rope, :however, not being upito the: marlc broke, and the un fortunate- man, ? beyond making a clatter on coming to the ground, inflicted lib further injury upon liiinseif. An inquest was held yesterday at the Phcenix' Hotel, on tho body of Thomas Baker'Ford, who, in a state of semi druulcenness fell over the, Moorabool Wharf and drowned himself. V y The last: of the scries of six'entertain ments .given by the band committee of E. V. Artillery, for proviiiing funds where with to enable the corps to maintain a first class band,- was deservedly well patronised; and, acting 011 a general wish from those hitherto attending these enter tainments, it was announced that the committee would issue tickets for six more which will be the final-'series, as other arrangements are in progress for the summer months. Everything is done to render these entertainments satisfactory both by the'committee and the band ; and in order to make them more successful .in a monetary view, it- only requires the patronage of the public. . We', understand, says the Herald,: that the unfortunate children confined in the Immigrants'Home are in a terrible con dition. " The disease known as cancer oris, arising from general debility and iusufti l cient nutriment,Lhas broken out amongst the inmates, and in more than one i11 ' stance children "have lost a large portion of their face. It would be too much to expect that a Government struggling for existence, and auxious to reward their political supporters, "should devote auy portion of their time to investigating such cases as the present; but it would be as well if some of the sympathy now wasted upon the Ministry were expended upon the. unfortunate wretches who are -the ?victims of their lhisgovernment. ' : ; The ? Guardian says :-" Such, is the scarcity of fat cattle throughout Gippa Land that the Gloncoehas been unable to obtain a cargo. She sailed oa Wednes day in ballast for Hobart' Town, under .the'command' of her now part owner, Mr Phillips, long favorably known iu this portv'and where for a considerable period he: fulfilled the duties of an experienced pilot." . j .;-The following on .tho drought is from the Pastoral? Times :-"From a. corres pondent wholately visited the Bland, we bear that the country is in a wretched condition for want of rain. Cattle and ,sheep; are literally being starved to death. There is some fair feed, but its distance .from " water, "renders it useless. . Many owners are obliged , to send their flocks back for feed, and to bring them in again every fourth day.: The sheep suffer now from, this- treatment, but when the grass gets dried up,'even this, plan must: be abandoned, and then it is hard to say what expedient will. be resorted to. It ever there was a time when prayers for rain should be offered in churches it is the'present, for there: is scarcely a station in the country but will count many losses, unless the drought comes speedily to an eni." Froin the Upper Darling, another correspondent writes :-" The .drought [is most serious; the talk consists of nothing but what is to be come of the stock, and how is it possible to, keep sheep and cattle alive, if.au early change does not set in. Ou . the' Bugan affairs look omiuous, and there are rumors of , heavy losses having already occurred. To the north, on the Gulgoa and the War rego, they had good feed in the autumn, and there were hopes of a fine season, but these have since been dispelled, and I hear .that some stations away from the frontages are in course of being aban doned, In travelling, the only chance for a man is to keep close to the rivers, unless he does this, lie is sure to be in .danger from some well known watering place, oil which he reckoned to camp, heing found on arrival, to be dried up. It is hard lines for us this season, and 110 mistake; but.perhaps the old adage, "out of evil cometh good," may occur in one' instance, and less dependence be henceforth placed ou natural water supply. Artificial means must be taken to provide abundance of water, so as to make us more independent of the uncer tain seasons. Capital, however, is wauted for this and when borrowed a swinging interest has to be paid. Would it not be wise for the Government to lend us the money-they would have good security in the increased"value of the runs., In your leading columns you have frequently urged the advantages of boring, dam ming, &c.;, and with your remarks I coin cide, and place the borrowing suggestion at your disposal. In England the Govern ment advances large sums for the drainage of estates, if that is sound political economy, why should not our Exchequer provide the cash for an equally certain investment, and equally permanent and beneficial in its results.". ? The Belfast Gazette says "Beef is, at tho present time, much higher in price, and more difficult to bo obtained than it has been for many years past. During part of last weeJs, not a,joint could be ob tained in this towu. We fire well aware that this is no fault of the butchers, who are civil aud obliging, arid iiot destitute of enterprise. The severe winter, and scarcity of grass is given as the cause. Would it not pay our farmers to grow more fodder specially for fattening cattle for the market?' . ; On Saturday forenoon, (says tho Beudigo Advertiser), a fine little boy about three years of age, son of.llenry Brown, residing at Long Gully, was attacked by a dog, ami had his face very seriously lacerated. It appears that the poor little fellow had rambled to within roach of a neighbour's dog, which was on the chain, when the animal made a sudden rush and caught the child with its teeth 011 the right cheek, tearing it nearly off. The nose was also severely injured, and the face otherwise disfigured before the poor boy was rescued from the ferocious brute, Dr Eadie, who was immediately sent for, carefully dressed the wounds, and left the little suU'crer much relieved The dog was destroyed by its owner shortly after the occurrence. Tho property found on the person of Morgan, the notorious bushranger, has been sold by auction. The lienalla corres pondent of the Wangaratta Despatch gives the following particulars of the sale : "A sale of confiscated property took place it the police court on Saturday, and the incidents connected w'itli it will long bo reniL-nibererl'liere. The goods offered for sale were those' found on ? tho person of Morg.ii), the bushranger, after the Inst sad tragedy had beea enacted at Peechelba: The effects of the miserable bandit were not of .much value, still the morbid curi osity to obtain them at any cost was very great. A largo crowd assembled at the camp long before the hour uamed for the sale to come off, and the theme of con versation. was... the wicked bushranger. Aa the articles were'put up those anxious to obtain a relic from the .'swag' ot the departed chief became nervously excited, ind the competition showed that the manner,.of.thc'auctib.n was .not likely to become extinct. To enter into a detail of all the .articles disposed .of 1 conceive would be unnecessary. I shall,, however, give a few instances to illustrate the desire 'which'was manifested to procure a souvenir. In the jewellery wa? a ring.which pre senteil the appearance of being comprised of an alloy of the: baser metal j' it was put up nnd the first bid was sixpence, and the next twenty shillings. This sudden jump so astonished the spectators that,, were Morgan himself to become resurgent in the midst of them, he could not have caused a greater sensation. Mr Harry Hoskins,' was at. once declared the pur chaser. Mr Simpson, of .Tatong, bought the old " billy," saddle and bridle, and all1 the et ceteras connected therewith. Mr T. Bond was declared' the purchaser of-the celebrated and much admired ' hobbles.'.... Mr -Nixon became possessed of the spurs.: Mr Richard Hoskins was declared owner of the telescope. Mr Crbfton'was the hickv purchaser of a box of ; sardines, and Mr RichardV;-.Clarke pocketed the hair combs. Mr Gobbam procured the fatal revolver and tomahawk. Had the swag contained article3: as numerousas "Pandora's box, they would have: been all. purchased, so eager was the noisy crowd to procure a trophy to be treasured as a memento of the times that were." The Pastoral Times gives the following iustance of a remarkable meeting between father and son Au old blind man of tho narao of William King in travelling dowu the Murrumbidgee, en route to Hay, called at Fairbairn's woolshed,- wliere there were a lot of shearers employed. . One of these whose name wasalso William King, upon seeing the old man, immediately proposed to get up a subscription for him, setting the example by putting down, 5s, which was followed by the rest. He told a boy, who was by at the time, to take the pcor. fellow to the men's hut, where his wants were well attended to. Next day the blind man went again over to the shed, and whilst there overheard one of the shearers say-" Billy King is keeping the best tally in'the shed." The coincidence of its being the same name as hisT own. caused King senior to make inquiries about King 'junior. ' After returning to the hut, a messenger was despatched to the shed to King,; to say that his father was' there ; and upon the young man questioning the old one about family matters, it turned out to be really'the case. It appears that the old blind man left.Eiiglaml about 30 years ago, leaving his newly-found son, at that time about eight years old, behind, and had never heard of or about hiin until the recent meeting., The .Riverine Herald informs us that Mr Guthrie, Inspector-General of Ou.s tums, and "Captain Ferguson, Chief Harbor-master of "Victoria, visited Echuca on.Friday. We learn that the object of the former was to enquire into certain complaints made by shipmasters and customhouse agents with regard to the customs arrangements here. We are in formed that Mr, Guthrie expressed his intention of. removing all unnecessary restrictions, .and of doing everything in his power to facilitate trading operations on the.river. We hear that he also stated his intention of reporting to the Govern ment the desirableness of taking steps to forward ;by every possible means the interests of Echuca.; Captain Fer guson inspected the vessels lying in the port, and was understood to express his entire satisfaction at their condition. Both gentlemen, we are told, were greatly struck.with the advancement made in the place, and expressed tlieir conviction that Echuca must ultimately, become a large and thriving commercial town. The site applied for to the government by Messrs Clothieraud Company, for the construc tion of a patent slip, was visited by these gentlemen, and we believe they expressed a decided opinion that their application would be granted by the government. It seem.", however, that the liarbor-mastor considered that floating docks would be preferable to a slip. In connection with tins matter, wo may stale that Mr Sliackell has determined 011 storing bonded-goods free of storage charges. Wo take the following .".authentic ghost story" from the Castlemaine Daily Jfews :-11 As. the Victorian colonies in crease in age, so do the authentic iilimpos at the; night side of nature mul tiply. Besides the ever;working woodman at Seven-mile Creek, near itfount Ivorong. there is a headless trouper, who rides by night somewhere in Riverina. However, this district is not to be -without its own peculiar ghost, for the apparition was seen by a most respectable burgess, and, he alleges that it took the form of a headless woman: His encounter with the decapi tated visitant from another world, hap pened a few evenings ago in a right-of-way, in one of the most populous parts of the town, just in the witching hour of night wlioii churchyards yawn," Le.-with all due deference to the immortal Shakes peare-if churchyards ever do indulge in that relief to the weary. , The aforesaid burgess was returning from a chess party, revolving several problems in his mind, when he was startled beyond the power of thought or speech by the sudden appear ance of the 'sheeted dead," - the headless woman before mentioned. He had full time to notice the outline of form -which, by the bye, was that of a very fine woman- for the figure remained perfectly motionless, and when he had recovered from the first alarm be essayed to approach the. apparition. After one or two ineffectual attempts-for, every time he put out his hand to touch, the still ghost, he felt all his courage, like Bob Acre's, run out of his finger ends-he at List succeeded, when to his unmitigated horror he perceived a slightly tremulous motion pervade the frame, and felt that it was composed solely of bone3-a perfect skeleton. Apart from the terror inspired by this discovery, the gentleman had nu desire to study osteology uuder such cir cumstances, and incontinently fled to toss and tumble aboijtin his bed till daylight. Being then convinced that his senses had not played him false, he arose and went forth to the place of his adventure, being ;determined to ascertain, if ' possible, whether it had not at sorao remote time been the scene of some horrible tragedy. Imagine bis surprise when he saw tlie ghostly visitant still ii) the same place and attitude! Daylight imparting cour age, he approached for a close inspection, when lie found- a draper's dummy.! After this discovery ho did not think it advisable to institute, further enquiry as to the suppositious murder that might have taken pla.ee. The Riverine Herald says-~" We have heard thut, of some boasts drowupd whilst crossing the Aloama, the bodies of some of [some of them were subsequently reco vered, cut up, and sold for humau con sumption in Echuca, Wo do not con sider it likely that so horrible a circum stance has taken place, and can only hope that our informant has been misinformed. However, it is likely that inquiries will be made into the truth of the report." .Return of births and deaths registered in the district of Gcelong during the week ending 2'Jrd September, 1805 : Mirths-males, 11; females, 18; total, "Ai. Deaths-males, -J; females, 0; total, 9, Excess of birth?, 2'.). I Talk of farn" an<l romance-all fcho glory and aayenturo of the world are nut Worth Oue hour of domestic bliss. 