LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE WESLEYAN CHUECH, YOUNG. Tuesday last was the day appointed for laying the Foundation Stone of this Church. At three o'clock, the Eev. H. II. Gaud, chairman of the Goulburn District, the Eev. J. Phillips, the Rev. J. D. Thane, Congregational!st, J. E. Pearce, Esq., P.M., and a numerous assemblage of all religious denominations, had gathered round the scene of the intended proceedings. The stone—a small block of square granite—was suspended over the ccntre of what will eventually be the buttress at tbe northeastern corner of the proposed Church. The proceedings were 6d. commenced by the Eev. J. Phillips mounting tl.e platform and informing the audience, that W. Davies, Esq., of Goulburn, who was to have laid the stone had been revented by domestic affliction from attending, f t was a great disappointment to the Committee but Mr. J. E. Pearco had kindly consented to act iu his stead. Mr. Phillips then gave out a hymn, after which lie engaged in prayer, and then read a portion of scripture. A sealed bottle was then produced containing a Burrangong " Argus," and a written document, of which the following is a copy :— " The Foundation Stone of this Wesleyan Church, in the town of Young, was laid by Joseph Ede Pearce, Esq., Police Magistrate of Young, in the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, one God, on Tuesday, the ninth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixtyfive, arid in the twenty-seventh year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria. Sir John Young, Baronet, Governor of New South Wales. The Eeverend James Swanton Waugh, President of the Australian Wesleyan Conference. The Eev. Henry H. Gaud, Secre- tary-of the Conference, and Chairman of the Goulburn District, of which the circuit of Young is part, The Eeverend James Phillips, Minister of the Circuit. Joseph E. Pearce, Esq., and Messrs. Thomas Starr, John Mulligan, Henry George Morgan, Michael O'Brien, and Stephen Smith, with the Reverends Henry H. Gaud, and James Phillips, Trustees of the Church." The bottle was then placed by Mr. Pearce in a cavity in the foundation, and covered with mortar, and the stone was then lowered upon it. The prescribed formula with the level and mallet was gone through and Mr. Pearce; in the usual manner, declared it laid. After which he ascended the platform and delivered a short address. Mr. Gaud followed, and said it was a solemn and sacred duty they had that day performed, but as the weather was unfortunately wet, he would reserve his remarks until the evening, when he hoped to be able to address them in a place where the influences of the weather would be unfelt. The benediction was pronounced in the midst of a heavy shower, and at its conclusion the people quickly dispersed for their several homes. WeIr.vo been favoured with the following account of the evenings proceedings by J. E. Pearce, Esq. 