The Parliamentary Messenger. IN the House he is known.as a messenger—in the estimates as a doorkeeper. He is of two kinds—Council and Assembly, in the former he cannot be a doorkeeper, as there are no doors to keep, only festoons of red curtains enclosing the place; his duties, therefore no one knows, nor can anyone conjecture. He is a nondescript animal—a compromise between an Impervious dissenting minister and a well-to-do undertaker, with the slightest dash m the world of a waiter thrown in. He looks by no means at home in his limp dark white neckcloth, and would be far more comfortable in a suit of tweed and a billy-cock hat. Conscious of his superiority as belonging to the Upper House, he is courteous and urbane and displays none of the Jack-iu-office airs of his class. In the Assembly he is more spruce in appearance, his tout ensemble partaking equally of the select footman and a quaker who has conceded so much to popular prejudice as to abandon drab m favor of black. His coat collar is adorned with a singular ornament, in the shape of half-a-crown stitched on. There are seven of these officials, and they vary one from another considerably. One, for instance has a jolly good-humored Hibernian face, and might be mistaken for the Cove of Cork. Another has a- sombre and disappointed look, as if disgusted with the world generally, and particularly with Parliament; he conveys messages to honorable members in a way that might lead the simple to believe he was imparting the news of some shocking domestic calamity. A third glides about the chamber like an official ghost, disappears behind the SPEAKER'S chair, and re-appears almost immediately afterwards in the reporter's gallery. What they all do during the recess would be a secret worth knowing, but it is whispered that they hybernate or else conduct small trading speculations m Collingwood Flat' or thereabouts. It is a wonder that Captain DANE has abstained from making some inquiries as to their habits and idiosyncrasies. We may suggest it as a very interesting topic of inquiry. 