Irra proposals for a pormaneut "Water Supply to the country districts, which have been submitted by Mr. Sullivan to the legislative Assembly, are not what they appear to be. They do not consti- tute one wholo and complete project, formed of many separate bul; yet perfect parts, which coalesce and lit into each other with uniformity, so as to produce oneness of result, bar otherwise. Yet it is plain Mr. Sullivan desired his scheme to present this singleness of aspect, and that ho laboured to impart it to his pro posals. But ho failed to do so, both from want of materials and from the time not being as yet ripe for the production of a system of water-supply complete at all points, for tlio scrrico of the entire colony. Wo are still in too infantilo a condition as a community — the country has not been extensively enough settled — tho population is not numerous enough to promote that settlement largely and with speed — aud our condition generally is too undeveloped to admit of the possibility of an extensive and complete project of water-supply, which would as a whole satisfy all the wants of the country, whether for domestic use or for the purposes of gold-washing and irriga tion. If tlio time wero come in all its fulness for tho birth of such a conipro- hensive and perfect a project, the sources of the water-supply would not have to be sought in that, literally, " hole-and- corner" fashion, which marks Mr. Sulli van s present outline of a scheme, hut would present themselves plainly to the man, capablo of grasping a proper project, in the vast water-shed of the liastcrn and Is orth-Eastcrn mountain ranges, whose snow-capped heights and Alpme slopes,' with their myriads of swollen torrents, crooks and streams _ of every character, would furnish a mighty supply of . the necessary element, _ which could hot be approached, cither in quantity or perma nence, by tho yields of lower and narrower gathering grounds of tho kind that Mr. Sullivan appears to rely upon. But the time is not yet como for this sort of fully developed enterprise. Mr. Sullivan however appears to have amhitioned some such grand and comprehensive scheme, at first. But on extending his strides he seems to have found the ground give way under him, and land him, in rather a Tague and hazy state of mind, in the "little-go" project, which he unfolded on Wednesday last. How ever, like Puss in tho Jackboots, which are a mile too wide for the spindle-shanks of poor Grimalkin, ho still insists on in casing tho dwarfed and meagre propor tions of his scheme, in a frame-work co extensive with the entire length and breadth of the country. It is in this respect, that the appearance do not cor respond with tho actual dimensions of the scheme. It is in reality nothing morenor less than a project to furnish the funds for a water-supply to Geelong, the Castle- maino and Sandhurst districts, and, in part, to Ballaarat. All tho addenda, com prising the Ovens and the north cast portions of the colony, tho Maryborough and north-western goldficlds, and tho cen tral regions reaching from Heathcote to Daylesford, together with such offshoots as the town of Hamilton, and the Ararat and Pleasant Creek districts on the "ex treme west — all these aro so much surplus age, which at first did certainly feed the imagination of tho Minister of Mines with a short delusivo hope of giving his nameto a grand national scheme, but which, when that transient dream passed away, have been retained solely to win the popular favour for the stunted produc tion into which tho original inflated con ceptions of his mind have shrunk. It would never do to say : — "Well,, wo can't see our way exactly to initiating a water-supply for tho wholo country. There are no completed surveys, no plans finished and comeatable, no data to fix a proper financial estimate. W e have looked into the whole matter carefully and long. We have made soino speculative calcu lations about cost of works and suffi ciency of water supply, in the various localities that will ho found enumerated hero in a schedule. But the fact is il. j 1. _1 _ sn a +nnr1nil " 111(17(1' T.llfi )) ilOlv 19 U> I/UAIqAVAA S44UUU of conjecture— the merest guess-work — and we merely put it before yon to con vince you, as firmly as wo are ourselves, ,of the 'utter impossibility of doing any thing. substantial in the way of water; supply, for somo years to come, in any district save Geelong, Ballaarat, and the Coliban country. Lot us then he content to make a beginning hero ; and as soon as it is possible, we'll tako tho other parts of the country in hand." A statement of this kind, oven in Mr. Sullivan's blandest tones, however candid and truthful, would liot bo very soothing to hon. members on both sides of the House, or to the constituencies ot tnose non. members. And the certain result would be that tho hon. Minister of Mines would find his "little-go" water-scheme quickly buried under tho indignant hostility of all sides of the House. Mr. Sullivan therefore does nothing so very soft, as to perpetrate a too confidential communica tion of this kind to his hearers. Ho knows his men too well for that. On tho contrary, he has "recourse to a little quiet diplomacy, to conceal tho nakedness of tho land. His object has beon to persuade members of the Assembly and their constituents," that he lias taken full hold of tho whole sub ject, as witness his schedule and his statistics,— that he has just opened up its first beginnings — and that having once passed the threshold, he will progress at a giant's pace, towards the completion of the whole. They must not imagine that their districts aro neglected. Quite the contrary. They will, each, havo irriga tion-works, reservoirs, and a domestic water-supply, all certain in a year or two ; and here, as an earnest of what is to come, is tho commencement of tho great and good work. Lot them then vote the money, and nil will be well. Tins finessing, it is pretty certain, in reality deceives none in tho Assembly. They seo how tho case is just as plainly as Mr. Sullivan himself. But if it goes down with the constituencies it will satisfy all parties. Hon. members liavo therefore voted tho money asked for — half a million sterling — which will barely cover tho advance to Ballaarat of L50.000, to Geelong of L150,000, and to tho Coli ban aqueduct of L'320,000. The proceeds of tho Yan Yean revenue are to furnish funds for tho various other waterworks throughout tho country. But as these have not as yet got beyond the visionary oxistenco of dreamland, it is unnecessary to discuss the utter insullicicncy of such a sourco to moot even a fraction of tho cost of tho works adverted to in that ghost of a sehedulo which Mr. Sul livan has hung up in public for the amusement and the amazement of the lieges, trading, mining and agricultural. The Minister of Mines, however, is a man of figns and wonders. And he holds out his schedule of indefinite promises and impossible projects to all tlio dwellers in the vast region between tho Ovens and tlio "\Ynnnon, with an air of earnestness, tliat plainly says : — " There's good timo coming hoys, only wait a little longer." But it is well to bo grateful even for small mercies. Ana it tho grand, nauobal, extended, all-pervading, and universal water-supply, which was to havo floated Mr. Sullivan to .fame, turns out to be but a peddling makeshift thing of shreds and patches, wo must veil our contempt and disappointment, and hope for hotter things, further on. Still no tidings of the ninil. The Adelaide branch steamer may now be expected to re turn in a day or two. The Board of Land and Works have issued a .regulation which will, it Is hoped, have the effect of checking the operations of the dummies, mediums, and speculators. It is well-known that a large number of persons attend at the law offices who have no menus of their own, and whoso characters aro so tied that the egents hesitate about intrusting them with money. Should the name of one of these worthies be called, the agent rustles forwaril, places a bundle of notes in his hands, and cat efully shepherds him until he has transferred li.'a right to the allotment selected. Mr. Grant will for the future compel every person entering a laud office to stoto what sized allotment lie requires, and to deposit the niuounl of the first instalment of rent. T'he fol lowing Is the new regulation : — By virtue of the powers and authorities conferred on tlio Board of Land and Works by the Amct. 'ding Land Act of 1805, the said board dolh order, """l direct as follows 1. Every person in atte. i- danco nt n land office for tho purpose of making I application fur the purchase or selection, or lot a Icnsejof land under the said act shall, before re- ceiving a lot ticket state to the land officer er his substitute the maximum quantity of land for which he intends to rnnke application, and shall deposit with the said land officer or his substitute a sum of money equal to the first in stalment of rent navnbie thereon, and shall re- ceive a receipt of such deposit. 2. Every such person shall be entitled, in the event of his not purchasing, selecting, or renting land on the day of his paying sneb deposit, to obtain repnyment of tho amount on tho surrender of his receipt, nad tho possession of sueh receipt by the land officer or his substitute shall be held to be suffi cient evidence of the repayment to the depositor of tho amount represented by such receipt. The common seal of the Board of Land and Works was hereunto affixed this 17th day of June, 1865\. J. M. Gbant, President ; C. W. Lie Alt, Member. It seems that one cnr.os 'of grievance against tho Public Works Department with reference to the works now being carried on nt Kew, is that iioop or riband iron used for building, purposes, for which a gentleman in this city lias taken out a patent, has not been included in the specifica tion by the inspector-general- sf works, in eon- sequence of fhfe very expenwve nature- of the material. Yesterday was the fiftieth anniversary of the battle of Waterloo, which wao-ibught on the 18th of June, 1815. It is a rather singular eircum- stanee that the veto of thinks moved to the Iter. Mr. Hexdcrsen on the termination- of his lecture, delivered at Ballaarat an Friday even ing, on the Battle of Waterloo, was seconded by an old WaJsrloo- soldier aimed Nolan. The usual weekly mcctingof the City CbuncQ trill be held at half-past 3 o'ciaok this afternoon. Amongst other matters the Einance Committee direct the attention of the eouucil to the iargs amount of the overdraft at tho- bank, ani recom mends that until tlic balance be considerably reduced, no works of any desarijtion, exteptsurii as are of imperative necessity, bo executed. The Health Committee rccomnsxd the csuncll to take proceedings against the Union 3ank of Australasia for the suppression of the cordons or offensive business of emplcying corrcsl-jc subli mate in smelting gold. The council ore also to consider the propriety of adopting tt petition to the Legislative Council, praying to he heard by counsel against tlio provisions of the Public Works Bili, relating to sewerage and water supply. The announcement that tho Melbourne Hounds would meet at Campbelliield, and that a stag would be uncarted, attracted n large at tendance. Not odly wero tho usual attendants of a liuntlng-field present in 'great force, but a large number of the general public, and tho Sydney rond was lined with carriages, bug gies, barouches, and. cquestrinns. About half- past 1 o'clock tlio hounds met, tlie deer went, away, followed by a numerous field. The first difficulty, a tolerably stiff stone-wall, proved too much for the majority of the field, and from that time to tho finish, a few of the best mounted nnd most plucky riders had it pretty much to themselves. After an ex citing chase of n' out 10 miles, in the direction of tho Yan Yean, tho stag was run Into, Mr. Paris and Mr. G'.orge Watson being tlie first un. Bv their exertions the hounds were whlooed off, and the stag secured. We heard of no serious accidents, although there were the usual number of spills. At an inquest which was held at tho Mel bourne Hospital, on Friday evening, upon the body of a blacksmith, named John Adam, who died on; the previous day from being knocked down and run over by a cab, on the Saadridge road, on the evening of the 15th May, while ha was driving a dray, it wns shown that the driver, Charles Walker, ha!,, acted with con siderable negligence, and the jury marked their sense of his conduct by adding a rider to the verdict, blaming him for his conduct. It is thought that the Minister of Justice will cnuse w outer to ue procccueu uguiust at uiu pouce court. A correspondent at the Crooked River com municates to us the following interesting par ticulars concerning the township and neigh bourhood of Grant: — " Grant is the principal township, situated a mile and a quarter above the level of the sea. The streets are very irregularly formed, a standing disgrace to the Government officials. Many of the buildings are remarkably good, and indeed there is a sign of permanency about the towaship that I have not noticed in many of our newly-established goldfields. The inhabitants are anxiously looking forward to the land sale, which is expected to take place in about six weeks. Very high prices have already been given for good business stands. I have heard as much as from L100 to L200, the pro prietors of the Grant Bakery giving the latter sum. Among the principal buildings are— The Colonial Bank, Bank of Australasia, Bank of New South Wales, Messrs. Dunphy Brothers' new store, and the Grant Bakery, whose enter prising owners have not only built a very fine store, but have at great expense built a new oven that would not disgrace any of your leading city bakers. The principal and most comfortable hotel is that kept by Messrs. Peter White and Co. Mr. Tom Curran is building what will be a large hotel. The accommodation here is very good, varying in price from 25s. a-week to L3. All the inhabitants that I have spoken to seem to have every confidence regarding the future prospects of this place. I have met many old reefing chums who are very sanguine about the reefs. I have visited several reefs which have excellent shows, but in more than one instance held by poor men, who have not the means to purchase machinery, but look forward to bring able to crush at some of the machines in course of erection. The principal mining companies are the Pioneer, Jeff Davis, Collingwood, Victoria, Great Western, etc. They have struck a magnificent reef in the spare ground next Pioneer claim, and also in the Anglo Australian. The Collingwood, No. 1 and 2 amalgamated, is looking well. The first contract for 100ft. is now completed. They have struck a beautiful gold- bearing loader at the distance of 99ft. from the mouth of the tunnel, which dips towards the main reef. They expect to strike the main reef at about another 30ft. We expect a large rush during the spring and summer months. At present very few are leaving ; all seem quite contented and happy. The only drawback is the getting to the Mount, occasioned by the hills and bad state of the roads. If only one half of the reefs pay dividends this place will eventually equal Ballaarat. The eases disposed of at the Sessions on Satur day were generally uninteresting. Tho case ot Daniel Creed, who is charged with obtaining" money by means of valueless cheques, and ia whose defence some extraordinary disclosures are promised, was commenced, but owing to the substitution of a wrong person as nrosccutir, tlie jury, on tlio direction of his Honour, ac quitted the prisoner immediately after tlie exami nation of tlie first witness. The Crown Prose cutor wished to substitute the name of the proper person in the informntiun, bat that course wa3 not permitted. Tlie defendant will be tried on a second charge during the present sittings. A case in which an old man named William Wilson was charged with larceny, presented same painful circumstances, the prosecutor, who, with his fnmlly, recently arrived from Sydney to start in business in Snndridgc, being robbed of L100, bis whole capital, by tlie prisoner, whom he en gaged te do some carpentering work for liim. The cose was proved on circumstantial evidence, nnd tho prisoner was sentenced to two years' hard labour on the road. " Rhyme nnd Prose, nnd n Burlesque nnd its History," by George Isaacs, is tho titls of a neat little volume which lias recently emanated from the press of Messrs. Clarson, Shallard and Co. Its contents, judging by a hasty glance which as yet we have only been able to beBtow upon them, amply merit the care bestowed in their re-pro duction in the present form. We admit a de cided preference for Mr. Isaacs ia the serious vein, as exemplified in his really elegant verses on Garibaldi, and tlie chaste expression of bis muse in the lines entitled " Magdalena," over his comic productions. The'burlcsque, the sub ject of which is Mrs. Shelley's " Frankenstein," sceins fairly constructed, and is not destitute ot a noat nnd undemonstrative kind of humour, but he class of literary compositions to which it jje 'ongs is never remnrkablo for "reading well.1' ye can conscientiously commend the little work to t lie attention of tbo reading public," for esceo f'nB "l0 preface to tlie burlesque, a portion of whi 'l3tl 's (Ieckledly not in the best possible taste \ Tr- ISBncs' "Rhyme and Prose" is an exceedint "')i creditable production, and ought to comint uJ a P'"co in every library in the colony A devcrlp "re catalogue of fruit trees in Mr. G. Sherwood '3 Heidelberg Nursery, at Warrin- gal, lias been published. The descriptions will be found nsefi ' to persons contemplating the cultivation of fr. uit treca in csuntry. It wilt be set 'n frm on advertisement else where that tlie promoters of the Union Gas Company will I ,old B public meeting this evening, In the Co urt-house hotel, Errol street , Ifotli'am. An insolvent, nt 'mc'l Thomas Laidlaw, was committed to gaol fol 1 seveH days, on Friday, by the Geelong Commit sioner, Mr. Brewer, for prevaricating while gi nff W® evidence. The Chief Justice t""5 "> Special J ury of Twelve were occupied till a late hour on Satur- ' day evening iai tryinef t ke action Moss v. Grlcc, Sumner and Co. Tbe plaintiff sold a lot of tobacco in August last . to Mr. J . II. Dodgson, who failed a few weeks a fterwards. Dodgson, who had not paid for the goods, deposited the bonded certificates for 1bt m with the Union Bank for an advance. O n tlio morning of Dodgson's failure, Mobs wet it to Grice's store, where tlio tobacco was bemdol, to stop delivery ; ; and he gave guarantee to Jn demnify the firm agaiist nny proceedings which might be taken agaisst them by other parties. Moss was, however, anticipated by about 1ml fan hour hyan agent of tlio beak, who presented the Customs certificates and obtained a transfer of the tobacco. Moss then brought an action against Gr«® nnd Co., or rather against the bonk, for they were only nominal defendants, to recover tbe value of tbe properly. Tbe Chief Justice directing the jiury that it was only a question of who was first recognised by tbe storemen as th» owner of the goods, a verdict was given tor the defendants. The treasurer of the Prabran and South Ynrra Benevolent Society requests us, on beludf of tlie society, ta acknowledge the receipt of Luo i/s. per luessrs. uonniason ana lioDertseo, being tbo proceeds of a concert under tlie auspices of the Praliran and South Ynrra Trades Half- Holiday Movement Association; nlso, n donation of LI Is. from Miss Nortley, In aid of tbe funds of tlie same society. In another column, to-day, will he found re printed from tho Warrnnmbool Examiner tlie evidence taken at the coroner's inquest held on the body of Jnmes Sweeney, who was murdered by1 Thomas Maynard, alias Yankee Tom, at Russell's Creok, on the night of tlie 10th. The murderer, we regret to say, is still at liberty. Tho Pilot Boat hotel, at Moonambel, was to tally destroyed by fire on the morning cf the lOUi. The property wai insured to the extent ofl£00. A closely contested mntch of football took plnce on Saturday afternoon, in the Richmond Dnddock. between tlie Melbourne nnd Smith Ynrra clubs, for tbo Athletic Sports Cup, now held by the former club. Very strong teams were chosen to do battle on either side, but tbe absence of Wills nnd Harrison from the metro politan ranks made a most material difference. A groat improvement wns effected by tbe playing ground being roped off, and the large body of spectators were kept at a proper distance from tlic bounds. From tbe time that the ball was kicked off it was kept ccntinunliy in motion. Mr. G. O'Mullane, who captained the South Ynrra team, placed his men well, and succeeded in keeping the bail from passing through their goal. The contest had raged fast and furious for two hours before Soutli Yarrn obtained a goat, uuu it wiw uuiy i-ueu IU uie uem 01 tue scuffle : that Balcombc succeeded in getting it through the posts. After playing until 5 o'clock without any further result being arrived at, the play was stopped. The number of prisoners detained in tlie Cen tral Gaol on Saturday last was 327, who were classified as ' follows : — For trial before tho Supreme Court, 28 males, 5 females; before magistrates, 7 males, G females ; at other sta tions, 2. Under sentence : Road gang, 1 ; hard labour, 136 males, 19 females ; imprison ment, 56 males, 43 females ; lunatics, 4 males, 3 females ; in default of bail, II males, 9 females ; debtors, 0; contempt of court, 1. Total, 252 males, 75 females.' The Ararat Advertiser says : — "Wo learn tlmt a gentleman has been busying himself here during the Inst few days in trying to get up a depasturing association, to occupy same portion oftlie Wast Australian country. The prospectus — which has been but crudely described to us— seems to have in view the fattening and breeding from the sheep which belong to those squatters who have lost their runs through the action of tho Laud BUI. It is proposed that a certain I number of sheep — say 1000— represent a cot tain number of shares in the association. Tlie ndvisn- bility of tlie scheme is urged, on the grouuils that the market will bo glutted witli flocks be longing to gentlemen who have no mcan9 of feed ing tlicni. Some of those who wero solicited announced their intention, of settling in some other portion of the continent; but the greater number appear to havo mnde up their minds to realise, nnd ship for England." Messrs. Stevenson nnd Elliott, coachbuilders, King street, hnve just completed n very hand some " C" spring barouche carriage, which is the first one of the kind manufactured in the colony. The vehicle will scat four persons, and is similar to those exhibited at the Great Exhibi tion of 1862. It contains all the latest improve ments. Tite carriago doors can be opened from the inside, and on their opening, by the aid of a spring — n Polish invention — the steps come down without being touched, and return to their place when the door is dosed. A pair of " C" springs, enlied so from their resemblance In form to that letter, support the body of tlic barouche, and prevent the occupants from being jolted In the least degree when the vehicle is in motion. The carriage is finished witli brass furnishings, nnd is painted a chocolate colour, picked out witli lake. Tbe total cost is L3-20. In tlio Warrnambool Sentinel wo find tbe following : — " We regret to learn that the lion, member forVilliersnnd Hoytesbury, Mr.Moffatt, was severely maltreated by a mob of rowdies the- other day at Camperdown. Had it not been for the police a most serious affair might have beeu the result." Our advertisement columns to-day nnnounce that an the 1st proximo a new weekly journal, to he styled the Spectator, will be published. A liberal conservatism in general politics and a free trade fiscal system will bo tbo nnimatlng prin ciples of tlio new paper. " Messrs. Crolton and M'Bean, of Bennlla," says tlie Ovens and Murray Advertiser, "have been canvassing Wangarntta and neighbourhood for signatures to a petition an behalf of Mr. Superintendent Cobiiam, requesting the Execu tive to award a lesser punishment than that of dismissal to that officer. We understand almost every person of note in the latter township affixed tlielr names to the petition. Mr. Cohliam is an old Government servant and a universal favourite in the district. lie 1ms been in tlie police force for upwards of 13 years, Boven of which have been spent in Bennlla. Ills sum mary dismissal from the police, of which he was a most worthy member, is looked on by the general public as on unnccessnrily severe punish ment, for an error committed when all men's niicds were a little excited, and ono which we have no doubt the Government (on proper re presentations being made) will nt once mitigato. We by no means say that Mr. Cobimm did right in denuding Morgan of his heard, but it was done in haste nnd unpremeditntcilly." " Wo," Gipps Land Guardian, " hear that a memorial to the Government is in courseof signature in North Gipps Lnnd, praying that a sum of money be placed upon tlie Supplementary Estimates for the purpose of being invested by trustees to be appointed for tlie benefit of the family of the late Angus Mncmillan, n gentleman to whom, it Is needless for us to say, the colony is largely indebted, nnd whose valuable explora tions have tended to open up n track of country which is gradually proving to be tlic richest in Victoria, the bc9t for the investment of capital, and the employ of tlie miner. We are sure there are lew in Gipps Land but what will rally round, and sign their name to a memorial fur a purpose so deserving." At the Ararat Police Court on Monday, before the police-magistrate, Sou Kee, altos Ah Gouk, wns charged on suspicion of murdering the husband of Annie Stillman at Pleasant Creok some time since, hut ns no proof or evidence of identification could bo brought forward, he was disci) arged. A bill-of-faro so liberal in quantity and quality as that offered by tbe management of the Theatre Royal on Saturday night to tho public, was sure not to be disregarded by playgoers, nnd consequently it was nothing romnrknblo to find that popular place of amusement crowded. In the three-aet version of Shakspere's Taming the Shrew," Mr. Barry Sullivan, as Petruchio, firmly maintained his old reputa tion as a faithful representative of the ingenious wife-tnmer, and wns nbiy assisted by Mrs. Ilelr as the wayward but high-spirited and true-lieartcd Katlicriue. The play wns followed by the effective drama of tho "Sea of Ice," in which the scenic effects, upon which much of the interest of tlio piece depends, were splendidly realised, and the acting of Mrs. Heir in the dual part of Mdme. Lascours and Ogarlta, and of Mr. Fitzgerald as tbe truculent Carlos, called forth general approbation. A local farce, written, ns we understand, by a young man named Scrivenor, was tbo afterpiece, but owing to some mysterious ar rangement, inexplicable though not altogether unwelcome to the audience, tlie curtain fell before tho termination of tlie piece. " Tiie Sea of Ice," with the feats of tho Lenton Troupe, attracted a crowded attendance to the Hay market Theatre on Saturday night. The drama was admirably played, nnd the Lentons were never mure favourably received. The oftcrnoon performance by the troupe was largely patronised. The drama in announced for repetition this evening, with other enter tainments. On Thursday, tlie officers and men of II. M.S. Esk will give an amateur dramatic performance at this theatre, in aid of the fund ocing raiseu tor tiie relief ot the sufferers by tbe loss of II.M.S. Bombay and Racehorse. The Hend-quartcra Bnnd gave a promenade concert on Saturday afternoon, at St. George's- hnll, and though a most excellent programme was announced, the attend nnco of the public was very limited. If it is intended to continue these performances, seme better provision ought to lie made for tlie comfort of the visitors than at present, A pail of wnter and a mop might even be used to considerable advantage. 