IiEGlSI.ATIYE COUNCIL. In the Legislative Council the tecond read ing of tho Lmd Bill was carried. Several | hon. members spoke ro the motion, the insjo ri * y hemp; in favor of the second reading, but | d'-claring that they would so alter it in com mittee as to mike it slmo-t another bill. [Left discussing J The following is continuation of Tuesday's I proceedings from the point where our report | closed:— CONSTITUTION' ACT AM END VENT BILL. Mr Stmchan had made up his mind to op. pc^e the bill. No case in favor of it had been I mad" out. He said, "let well alone/'and he | .vas sure many had had cause to thank Heaven ! they had an Upper House. The clap.trap ! cries of tlie late election were discreditable to thoso who made use of them. Mr Hope was | thrown out, not upon the question of reform, but on that of protection. Had he swallowed the protection pill he might have been there that day; but bo was a' man of too high principle for that. He contended that pro perty wai now twice the value it was at the time the Constitution was framed. No one who had bought land for his own home would now sell it for twice the price hs had given some years ago. He would rather see tho qualifications altogether abandoned than re ducfd in the manner proposed, and it would amount to much the same thing in effect. The voters for this House had been reduced from IS,000 to SO 0 ; but the number of those who actually voted had been greatly increased. Mr M'Crae supported the second reading of the bill on three grounds—the first was be cause of the depreciation in the value of pro perty ; the second, because of the irresponsible character of tho house; and the third was based upon his desire to see the two,branches of the legislature brought into more harmo nious contact. In the districts of East and | West Bourke, tho property of the farmers had | decreased to the extent of one half since the year 1856,and he would askif this circumstance j should deprive these persons of their suffrage. There was no legislative body in the world j which was less responsible to the country than \ the Legislative Council of Victoria Tho Council, it could not be denied, had been ob structive in past years, and he would appeal to hon members whether it would not be proper to bring the House more undpr the control of public opinion than it was at present, hy tho rcduc'i' n of the tenure, as ' proposed by tho bill. He mentioned the re jec'ionof the Haines Land Bill and the Mint | Mill, as instances of the obstructive character i of tho House, and he hoped, for their own I reputations, hon members would allow the | bill to be read a second time. Mr Sladen considered that the nrgument of | the irresponsibility of the House was fully met i by the provision compelling members, at the expiration of a certain term, to return to their constituents. It had been pointed out by the mover of the bill, that the qualification in the neighboring colonies was lower than in Vic toria, but it did not follow that a principle which was adopted with advautage in one colony was equally applicable in another. So far from its b'ing shown that inconvenience had resulted from this provision, it appeared that there were at the present time a larger number of votes than when the Constitution was adopted. Admittiug, for the sake of argu ment, that property, which at the time of the launching of the Constitution was worth LfiOOO, was now worth only j L2500, it did not follow that the qualification of electors should be reduced. With regard to ti e qualification of members of the House, he considered that it would be very unwise] to reduce it, as it was the qualification which was a guarantee of the independence and! into,pity of its members He should there fore sccept any change in this respect with the greatest unwillingness. As to the tenure, it was a very marked feature in'the Constitution | Act that the House should be of a permanent character, and not calculated to be easily in- | fluoncsd by popular pission or clamor. He could not see what argument had. been adduced in favor of the change of fenur*, ' except that tho tenure of the Legislative Assembly had been reduced from five years to three, an argument which he considered did not apply. The only oiher argument | which had been used was that public opinion was in favor of the change. Tlure was no | doubt that public opinion was a very valuable thing, but at the s-unc time the House j must guard i'self from confounding public opinion with popular clamor or ; agitation. If these concessions were constantly I made to popular clamor the House would be divested of its privileges and virtues, and would become the mere ghost of the As sembly. The question was put, and the house] divided. Contents 14—\\*Beckett, Bear, Fraser, Fits gerald, Fawkner, Hervcv, Henty, J., Jenrn r, I Lowt\ Miller, Murphy, M'Crae, Petlitt, ] Wilkie. Non-Contents 14—Black, Campbell, Clarke, | Cole, Degrave*, F.llows, Henty, S., Higbett, Hull, ■ Mitchell, Sladen, Strachan, Taylor, ] Williams. Tho President said that, the votes being equal, he gave his voice in ..favor' of the con tents. Members would perceive that the motion was not carric 1, a3 there was riot an | absolute majority of the''Council. The house at half past nine o'clock ad-1 journed. 