SUMMARY. Pabi.ia.ment was opened on Tuesday with tlie usual formalities. The process of opening a session is somewhat different from that of open ing a Parliament. In tlie former case the Par liament is already constituted, and the Goverkoh has nothing to do but summon the members and address them. In the latter case the Par liament, so far as the Lower House is con . cemed, has to be constituted before the Go vernor can deal with it. The Upper House being permanent, all that has to be done is to swear in the old members together with any new , members that may have been appointed. This is done by a Commission, the members of which first swear in each other, and then swear in the rest. A similarly appointed Commission administers the oaths to the members of the As sembly, after which that House proceeds to the election of a Speaker. Mr. Hay was again unanimously chosen, with complimentary ex pressions duly acknowledged. At one time Mr. Hay was doubtful as to whether he should stand again. His distant constituents missed his vote and advocacy in the House, and com . plained of the consequent diminution of their electoral privilege, already, as they allege, too small in proportion to their rights. But Mr. Bay having changed his constituency for one nearer the city, and having ascertained that his present constituents had no objection to his oc cupying the chair, his embarrassment in the matter was removed. His acceptance of the office probably prevented an unseemly contest, ! for the Comtek party, being in a majority, ?would have insisted on controlling the appoint ment. And it was commonly rumoured that Mr. Arnold was to have the office in order to pacify him Cor giving the office of Minister of Works to some one else, as it is in contempla tion to do. Mr. Arnold is one of those fierce natures whom it is not safe to offend. He was taken into office before on the same principle on which a bone is thrown to a savage dog. But he did not give satisfaction in his official capacity, and a change in the constitu tion of the new Cabinet would ho desirable Something else, therefore, must be found for him. The art of government consists in the art of satisfying hungry appetites, and Mr. Cowper is very , clever in this. He will manage it somehow. Perhaps a railway commissionership may be established. Mr. Arnold rather prided himself on his railway « management, as did also Mr. Holroyd, though . their style of conducting the business varied very considerably. They dispute, still, as to which made the most net profit, but Mr. Holroyd . certainly gave the most satisfaction to the cus ? tomere of the railway. i' If Mr. Arnold had been proposed as Speaker, there would certainly have been a '? contest, for lie has made too many enemies by the violence of his language and manner to have been generally acceptable as an arbitrator. lit is quite as well that the contest was avoided. 'What the qualities of the new members may bp no one has had time yet to discern, but : among the old members there is certainly no one more suitable for Speaker than Mr. Hay. . His calmness and impartiality are admitted.. ' His only fault was that he was not sharp enough in stopping rows at their commence!* mcnt. However, he has had a little more experience now, and, besides, he has a new and. somewhat better House to deal with, which nay, it is to be hoped, prove a more orderly one, and one more easy to preside over than the last. On Wednesday the formal presentation of the. SrEAKER to the Governor took place; when the usual, demand was made by the 0-onu'eT for all the rights and privileges of the ?.House. In consequt?00 of Thursday *-eing a public holiday there was Z10 House, so tllat the Vice' iregal Address was nece':^ till Friday, not until the evening \ could any debate arise upon the reply *° ^at Address. This dilatoriness in bringing on w e crisis has been very galling to the Opposition, who get more and more impatient as the happy tour approaches. ' Why does not Mr. Martin resign at once?' they ask, without keeping them waiting, seeing that he is so clearly beaten. Meanwhile, Mr. Martin seems coolly to keep them at bay till the last moment. -T^h? jinale, however, cannot now be long delaj'ed. Next week, if not this, must see the crisis. *jfhe debate is more likely to be sharp than prolonged. The aspect of the House on the opening' day was certainly not favourable to a Minis terial tenure of power. The Opposition benches were very full, and the Ministerial side of the House was but scantily occupied. There was a fair sprinkling of members on the Cross ? benches, consisting largely of new members, and especially of new squatting members. It was at one time thought that perhaps Mr. Martin could carry on by the aid of the Cross benches, but that hope seems out of the question, for the Opposition numbers more than the Ministerial and the Cross bench party put together. 'The Vice-regal Speech was of unusual dimen sions. It was obviously the handiwork of Mr. Maetin, and was a sort of sequel to hi6 recent manifesto. It recited a great number of things greatly needed, but all of which will require large expenditure, arid stated that a sound state of finance was a necessary basis of all good government. It needed, no ghost from the' grave to tell us this, but why have, not we a soundsystem of finance ? , Whose fault is it that the Treasurj'is empty? /Did not Mr. Martin jgo!' into office specially to set nght,the finances that Mr.: Gowper had deranged? Why' has riot1 lie done what he was specially sent1 to do ? Mr. Martin invites the Assembly to see. to the finances without delay. He ought to have donei. done , this and to have insisted on it before, tlie session closed in the beginning' of -last! year. But he turned sulky then because the Upper House would not accept his tariff, and Jus blunder then has been mainly the cause of liis fall now. Had he really succeeded in putting our finances right, much else that he has done wrong would be forgiven him. The natural course of debate, in which Mr. Cowter's amendment on the reply would have followed its being moved, was interrupted by Mr. Macpherson, who dragged in the State-aid question. He declared, that a majority of tho new House had pledged themselves on the hustings to support State-aid in the rural dis tricts, and he called upon them to be true to their professions, and join him in telling the Governor that tlicy would put no confidence in any Ministry that would not introduce a State-aid Bill. This motion was of course intended as an apple of discord, but the Opposition was too strong and too compact to be disturbed by it. They were not going to be diverted from the purpose before them, and for the accomplishment of which they were eager. Another diversion to the debate was carried by the announcement of Mr. Foester's resigna tion as Colonial Secretary and the explanation thereof. Mr. Forsteb haB had a sort of quarrel with the Governor about the non-appointment of Messrs. . Berry and D alley to the Legis lative Council, and he wrote to the Governor in a somewhat unbecoming tone on the subject. The Governor, however, is quite right in re taining this nominating power at his own dis cretion ; and though he was wrong in swamping the old Council, and in becoming a party to the quasi-bondage of the original members of the new Council to Mr. Cowter's Ministry, that is no reason why he is to repeat former errors and be at the merc y of any Ministrj'. Mr. Martin and the other Ministers did not approve of Mr. Forster's resignation, and pre ferred as a more manly course to meet the adverse vote of Parliament. Thursday was the annual holiday in celebra tion of the founding of New South Wales, and, indeed, of the colonisation of Australia. It is a day that ought to be kept by all the colonies, but that sectional prejudices, for the present, override national feelings. If ever the colonies become confederated into one nation, and the people come to regard themselves as Australians rather than as Tasmanians, Victo rians, Queenslanders, and New South Welsh men, the 26th of January will be regarded, from Cape York to Cape Leeuwin, as tlie nation's natal day. At present each colony celebrates the day of its own foundation. Thursday was fortunately a fine day — a bene fit holiday-makers have by no means regularly enjoyed of late, and the usual pastimes of all sorts came off with not less than the accus tomed zest. It is seventy-seven years since the first land ing was made in Port Jackson. The age of the colony is rapidly outstripping the term of human longevity. During this term the original colony has been twice dismembered ; but it still retains a population of three . hundred and fifty thousand souls, while, in conjunction with the other colonics to which it has given birth, there is a population of over a million,' re sulting indirectly from the settlement Captain Phillip effected at Sydney Cove. The ad vance, though slow at first, was rapid after wards. Two causes have specially promoted tliis advance, first the discovery of the value of the grass on the surface of the land, and secondly the discovery of gold beneath the sur face. Both these causes are still in operation. Pastoral industry is extending every year, and gold mining is anything but exhausted. So far as our own particular colony is con cerned, however, we cannot boast of the past year as having been one of progress. There may have been a small increase in the popula tion, but if so that has been the only percep tible advance. We may hope that next Anni versary Day will see us in more prosperous eir-. cumstances. So far as can be at present ascer tained, we have garnered, or are garnering, a fair average harvest, and this is a veiy decided imjirovement upon last year.1 We shall not have to send away so much! moufT as we did for breadstuffs. The price, | too, will be remunerative to the grower. Our gold mines arc not veiy prosperous, but in the j far west there is a considerable increase of! pastoral occupation in the salt bush country, I which it is hoped will prove profitable. There- i fore, if our immediate prospects are not bril liant, they are at least brighter than they were. If we could only put down busliranging, and clear our moral reputation, it would be as great a gain to us as a commercial advance. For it would not only save expenditure and remove the embarrassment under which inland trade is carried olh but ft WOiild niake our colonyiavail able in the eyes tif the world as a suitable place for emigrants to come to. A correspondent of the Herald has drawn attention to the use that may be made of what is known as the native cotton plant. It is Jiot native, and it is not a cotton plant, but it grows wild very abundantly. The gentleman alluded to says that the inner bark will make excellent twine and rope, that the stalks will do for basket work, and that, properly treated, the fibre would work up for linen, while the silky fibre of the pod will furnish excellent down for pillows and cushions. He proposes . to send samples to the Dublin Exhibition. With a singular perversity of judgment, the Government of' Victoria Is following the bad example of Mr.' Eacab, and proposing a pro tective tariff— not heavily protective, but slightly so — enough to embarrass trading operations, but not enough to raise a large irevenue. Tie mercantile class is opposing it, but the Government is proportionally stronger there than with us, and seems likely to force it. Mr. VerdoNj the Victorian Treasurer,' lias followed the example of New- Zealand in adopt ing. a package duty instead of an ad valorem duty, in order to avoid the dishonest declara tiqn^ tp^wliiqh the latter .form of duty hias been 1 known to give rise. ?' 1,1 ' The chief difference, however, between Mr. Verdon and Mr. Eagar is, that the latter was uiidcr the pressure of a great financial exigency while the former is under no pressure at all. He is so far from being in want of money that he is even surrending revenue. He reduces taxes to the extent of £154,200, and puts on fresh taxes to the amount of only £82,700. The alteration is made avowedly for the sake of protection. The principal reductions are in the tea, : sugar, and gold duties. The new taxes will fall principally on wearing apparel and im ported provisions. The reduction in the duties on tea and sugar is alleged to be necessary in consequence of the action of this colony in col lecting its bor4er duties., But there is no such real necessity. Victoria has suffered nothing at our® hands in respect of its legitimate revenue. We asked for some £30,000 to £50,000 of revenue belonging to ue. This was refused ; but, in order to spite the defensive action taken by our Government, Victoria throws up £70,000 of its own revenue. It does not follow that the people of Victoria will be eased of burdens to that extent, because the form in which the new taxes are imposed will aggravate the price of commodities to the consumer considerably be yond the mere amount of the tax, and the package duties can scarcely fail to damage the export intercolonial traffic which the port of Melbourne enjoys. The proposed alteration is an ill-advised one, and the fact that it has been framed for the double purpose of pleasing the protectionists and of displeasing a neighbouring colony is sufficient to condemn it. A tariff that originates in such aims could not possibly be a good one. But that it should be proposed shows the unsatisfactory state of the knowledge of political economy and of our intercolonial relations. A Confederate privateer has for the first time during the American war visited Australian waters. The Shenandoah, formerly the Sea King — a sort of successor to the Alabama, has put into Port Phillip. We hope there will be no unseemly manifestations of sympathy with I the exploits of these privateers — the great work of which is to destroy peaceful ships. It is fair enough, of course, as a belligerent act, and the laws of war justify it. But it is a wretched business, and one we cannot rejoice over. Nor «ill the Australians honour themselves by giving any special sympathy to the Confederate cause. The Southerners have, no doubt, fought against great odds with a valour, a skill, an endurance, and a faith in their ulti mate success which are beyond all praise, and the Northerners, in denying the right of secession and self-government, are false to every principle of Republicanism, which they have so loudly professed for the past fifty years and more. But still, for all that, the Southern cause is defaced by one blot which no blood will wash out, and which no bravery can disguise. Secession was mainly to. preserve and extend the system of slavery. The Northerners are intrinsically, no doubt, not a whit purer than the Southerners on this point, and would vote by a large majority for slavery to-morrow if the Southerners would return to the Union. But as a matter of fact.- Southern military suc cess means the retention of slavery south of the border line, while Northern military success means the gradual destruction of slavery. The motives on neither side can be commended, and both parties must be considered as instruments in the hands of Providence for punishing each other. But Australians must rather favour such a solution of the problem as would be most j favourable to human liberty. — — — mmmmmmm — i Sudden Death. — On Thursday tlie City Coroner held an inquest at the Waverley Tea Gardens, public house, concerning the death of James Budge, a plasterer's labourer, -who died unexpectedly at Waverley on Wednesday. The evidence showed that d¥V?3S9d suffered from of the lungs and rlieuniatu tcver, the latter malady resulting in disease ol' the heart. Having eaten a dinner Of beef steak, &c.;, Budge sat down with some other workmen between one and two o'clock, and lighted liis pipe, lie suddenly fell backward as though in a fit, and he died a few minutes afterwards from, as Dr. Bligh thought, disease of the heart. Verdict: 'Died from natural causes.' Deceased was twenty-nine years of age, and his wife and four children are but slenderly provided for. Ikjteies bv Fly Bite. — Several cases have occurred lately of persons having had poison introduced into the system through being stung by common house flies on small s ores about the facc or hands, and in some of these cases fatal results have been narrowly escaped. Two of them have just come under our notice. One is James M'Connell, baker and drayman, of Bolton-street, who onFri'day, the 20th instant, -was stung by a house-fly on a small sore on the knuckle of the middle finger of the right hand. The hand imme diately began to swell, and, although medical assist ance was at once obtained, and remedial measures applied, by the next morning the whole of the hand and arm were swollen to an enormous size:, and the inflammation was extending itself to the trunk. Dr. Bowker, by the free application of caustic to the hand and arm, succeeded in arresting the progress of the inflammation, which by the skilful treatment adopted has now almost subsided, although the back of the hand is still considerably swollen. The other case is that of a resident of Newcastle, a man named Davis, who was stung on the arm by a fly at Morpeth, last week, and who for a day or two was in a very pre carious state, but is now better. Persons having the slightest wounds on the skin should have them care fuSy covered to prevent the possibility of the acci dents that so frequently occur. — Newcastle Chronicle, January 25. The Wheat Cuor6, &c.;— The Tenterfield corres pondent of the Mail/and Mercury writes : The wheat crop is exceedingly good, and saved in good order. According to a statement made by Mr. Erasmus Styles, there are about 10,000 bushels of wheat in this district for the present season, averaging from fifteen to twenty-five bushels per acre, of superior quality. Corn appears to grow luxuriantly everywhere, and we are glad to see tlie fanners delighted in having good crops without grumbling. Potatoes were never so good in quality, and in quantity exceed all ex pectations ; and it is no exaggeration to say this is the finest season for the crops since the township has been settled. The Tamwrth Examiner of last Satur day says : — A large quantity of the wheat crop has vet to bo thrashed, but what has already come to hand is of u superior description, weighing as high as sixty-five and sixty-six pounds to the bushel. The price quoted above is what has been given for wheat during tlie past week, but sellers are holding out for 10s. per bushel. „ , „ The Comet.— Mr. H. C. Russell, of ihe Government Observatory, has, furnished the Herald with tiie annexed particulars respecting the appearance of .this luminary. Mr. Russell savs ' The fine comet now visible in the S W. after sunset appears, to have .been first seen, jon.the evening of the 17th Want, at Deniliqiiin ; then at Mel bourne? on the 19th; . at Bathurst, on the 20th ; and here, ? 1 owing to cpntipuftfl * cloudy *sreftth£r- ; opt until tlie . : : when the clouds parted, and I got a few observations giving, i the approximate position— -ItiAv' 21h. (hn, 19s. ; Dec. ; 40riego7 mm; 22sec.'S.i at 29m. Sydney meaa -tun©. ( The approximate position at Melbourne, on tlie rldtn, was— , ! U.A. 20h. 38m.-; -Dec: 3o deg. 2 soc. Showing ft rapidj ! motion to the south and oast; The 'nucleus is well defined, and the tail extendB about 10 degrees to the east. —On I Monday aijd . Tuesday, the eky was obscured by clouds, J consequently tho- comet jnras not, visible in Sydney. At'1 ! Bathurst it appeared with great brilliancy on ptmqayand,. Tuesday 'evenings. It ^as visible on Wodnesday nignt. Two men were killed by an explosion ©f a powder mill at Favereharo, on the 7th. The works belonged to Messrs. Hall and Son, whose magazine at Erith blew up some time ago, with such disastrous results. I 