A REAL LIVE GHOST. WE (Northern Argus, Rockhampton) are indebted to a gentleman, who desires us to conceal his name for the present, for the following remarkable story, it having been his bona fide experience on the night of Tuesday, during the storm. As he is well known for sobriety and veracity, it must not be thought that it was either a drunken or a barefaced mendacity. He had been engaged until a late hour over sundry ledger accounts (he is a commercial man) and it was not until the clock struck one that he was reminded that an anxious wife awaited him, whose invariable and conjugal rule was never to retire until her husband returned. Closing his ledger, he locked the patent safe, and extinguished the light, previous to making his exit. He closed the back office, and was in the act of un- locking the front door to leave, when he bethought himself of a memorandum which he had left behind him. Entering the back office again, he stood aghast and transfixed at a sight which appalled every sense, and rendered the strong man as helpless as a child. There, through a dim, ethereal phosphorescent haze, seated in the chair he had just vacated-motionless, ghastly, melancholy, transparent, was a figure, not of this world, with a face like the dead, and its whole attention seemingly devoted to the ledger, which was opened before it. Immediately behind the apparition was the iron safe, which our informant is positive in having locked, and this was also open! IHe describes his feelings on the occasion to have been horrible in the extreme, and to use his own words, English phraseology does not include language sufficiently impressive to explain the intense torture crowded into the brief space of a few minutes. He essayed to speak-he was dumb; he endeavoured to turn from the apartment, but he had no power to move; he sought to distract his own atten- tion by closing his eyes and shutting out the fearful vision, but every nerve and muscle seemed paralysed, and he was no longer a free agent. Gradually the apart- ment grow intensely luminous, and stars and splangles of exceeding beauty flitted hither and thither, without noise, but with seem- ing order and regularity. Our friend says that could the scene have been trausferred to the boards of a theatre, and introduced in some grand spectacular piece, it would have realised a fortune for the happy manager in a very short time. But the torture of a great fear was upon him, for he knew himself to be face to face with some dread presence which had no affinity with humanity. The light then gradually waned. and the figure, which, without affort, rose from the chair to a supernatural height, seemed gradually to become absorbed into the subtle element which formed its at- mosphere. Our informant an athletic man, remembers no more. The exceeding ten- sion of nerve and sense could bear no more, and he sank insensible on the floor. Upon returning to consciousness, he found the merry morning sunlight flooding the apart- ment-everything in its place and order as he left it-safe locked and ledger closed, but the clock-an eight day clock, which had been wound up the previous morning had stopped at the hour of-one ! This story.is a strange one, and to some of our readers may appear incredible, but we have the fullest reliance in the honor.and serious veracity of the narrator. "There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy." .: : 