THE OUTCASTS. BY THE AUTHOR OF LADY AUDLEY'S SECRET. CHAPTER XLIV. ?nARGAtRET WILMOT had promised to be come the wife of the man she loved; but she had given that promise very reluctantly, and only upon one condition. The condition was that, before her marriage with Clement Aus tin took place, the mystery of her father's death should be cleared up for ever. " I cannot be your wife so long as the secret of that cruel death remains unknown," she said to Clement. " It seems to me as if I have been already wickedly neglectful of a solemn duty. Who had my father to love him and remember him in all the world but me? and'who should avenge his death if I do not ? He was an outcast from society, and people think it a very small thing that, after having led a reckless life, he should die a cruel death. If Henry Dunhar, the rich banker, had been murdered, the police would never have rested until the assassin had been discovered. But who cares what became of Joseph Wilmot, except his daughter? His death makes no blank in the world; except to me-except to me !" Clement Austin did not forget his promise to do his uttermost towards the discovery of the banker's guilt. He believed that Henry Dunbar was the murderer of his old servant, and be had believed it ever since that day upon which the banker stole like a detected thief out of the house in St. Botnlph- lane. It was just possible that Henry Dunbar might avoid Joseph Wilmot's daughter from a natural horror of the events connected with his return to England ; but that the banker should resort to a cowardly stratagem to escape from an interview with the girl could scarcely he accounted for, except by the fact of his guilt. He had an insurinountable terror of seeing this girl, because he was the murderer of her father. The longer Clement Austin deliberated upon . this business, the more certainly he came to that one terrible conclusion : Henry Dunbar was guilty: He would gladly have thought otherwise; and he would have been very happy had he been able to tell Margaret Wilmbt that the mystery of her father's death was a mystery that would never he solved upon this earth ; but he could not do .so. He could only bow his head before the awful necessity that urged him on to take his part in this drama of crime-the part of an avenger. But a cashier in a London bank has very little time to play any part in life's history, eicept, that quiet role which seems chiefly to consist in locking and unlocking iron safes, psering furtively into mysterious ledgers, and shovelling about new sovereigns, as coolly as if they were Wallsend or Clay Cross coals. Clement Austin's life was not an easy one, and he bad no time to turn amateurdetective, even in the service of the woman he loved. .He had no time to turn amateur detective so long as he remained at the banking house in St. Botolph'-lane. But could he remain there? That ques tion arose in his mind, and took a very serious form. Was it.possible to remain in that house when he believed the principal member of it to be one of the most infamous of men ? No; it was quite impossible for him to remain in his present situation. So long as he took a salary from Dunbar, Dunbar, and Balderby, he was in a manner under obliga tion to Henry Dunhar. He could not remain in this man's service, and yet at the same time play the spy upon his actions, and work heart and soul to drag the dreadful secret- of his life into the light of day. Thus it was that towards the close of the week in, which Henry Dunbar, for the first after his return from India, visited the bank ing offices, Clement Austin handed a formal note of resignation to Mr. Balderby. The cashier could not immediately resign his situation, but was compelled to give his em .ploayers a month's notice of the withdrawal of ."his services, A thunderbolt falling upon the morocco covered writing table in Mr. Balderby's pri vate parlor could scarcely have been more astonishing to the junior partner than this letter which Clement handed him very quietly and very respectfully. There were many reasons why Clement Austin should remain in the banking-house. His father had lived for thirty years, and had eventually died in the employment of Dunbar and Dunbar. He had been a great favorite with the brothers; and Clement had been admitted into the house as a boy, and had received much notice from Percival. More than this, he had every chance of being ad mitted ere long to a junior partnership upon very easy terms, which junior partnership would, of course, be the high road to a great 'fortune. Mlr. Balderhy sat with the letter open in \- his hands, staring at the lines before him as if he was scarcely able to comprehend their purport. " Do you mean thise, Austin ?" he said, at. lest. "Yes, sir. Circumstances over which I have no control compel me to offer you my resiignation." ",Have you quarrelled with anybody in the office Has anything occurred in the house a"' it has made you. uncomfortable ?" f' No, incjeed, 'A'r. Balderby; I am very ppofortable in my position." .The junior partner leaned back in his chair, and stared at the cashier as if he had been trying to detect the traces of incipient insanity in the young man's countenance. "You are comfortable in your position, and yet.you- Oh i I suppose the real truth of the matter is that you have heard of some thing better, and you are ready to give us the go-by, in order to improve your own cir qumstances?" said ?Ir. Balderby with a tone :f pique; "'though I really dori't see bow you can very well be better off anywhere than you are here,' hie added, thoughtfilly. i' You wrong me, sir, when you think that I could willingly leave you for my own ad vantage," Clement answered. "1 have no better engagement, nor have I even 4 prospect of any engagement." . 'You havn'tl" exclaimed the junior partner, "and yet you throw away such a channe as only falls to the luck of one man in a thousand ? I don't particularly care about guessing riddles, Mr. Austin-perhaps you'll be kind enough to tell me frankly why you want to leave us ? " "I regret to say that it Is im."- me to do so, sir," replied " ,.,sible for .. o-ula--ne cashier. " My of second home to me, is no frivolous one, believe me. I have weighed well the step I am about to take, and I am quite aware that I sacrifice very excellent prospects in throw : ing up my present situation. But the reason of my resignation must remain a secret. for the present at least. If ever the day comes when I am able to explain my conduct, I believe that you will give me your hand, and say to me--'Clement Austin, you only did your duty.'" "Clement," said Mr. Balderby, " you are an excellent fellow, but you dertainly must have got some romantic crotchet in your head, or you could never have thought of: writing such a letter as this. Are you going to lie married? Is that your rea son for leaving us? Have you fascinated some wealthy heiress and are you going to retire into splendid slavery ? " "No, sir; I am engaged to be married; blut the lady whom I hope to call my wife is poor, and I have every neoessrty to he a working man for the rest of my life." " Well, then, my dear fellow, it's a riddle; and, as I said before, I'm not good at guessing enigmas. There, my boy, go home and sleep upon this, and come back to me to- morrow morning, and tell me to throw this stupid letter in the fire-that's the wisest thing you can do. Good night." Buot in spite of all that Mr. Balderby could say Clement Austin steadily a'dhered to his resolution. He worked early and late during the month at which he remained at his post, preparing the ledgers, balancing accounts, and making things straight and easy for the new cashier. He told Margaret Wilmot of what he had done; but he did not tell her the extent of the sacrifice which he had made for her sake She was the only person who knew the real motive of his conduct, for to his mother he said very little more than ha had said to Mr. Balderby. " I shall be able to tell you my motives for leaving the banking-louse at some future time, dear mother," he said; "until tyha, time, I can only entreat you to trust me, and to believe that I have acted for the best." " I do believe it, my dear," answered the widow, cheerfilly; "when did. you ever do anythling that wasn't wise and god ?" Her only son, her only child, Clement, was the god of this simple woman's idolatry, and if he' had seen fit to turn her out of doors, and ask her to beg by his side in the streets of the city, I doubt if she would not have imagined some hidden wisdom lurking at the bottom of his irrational proceedings. So she made no objection to his abandoning his desk in the house of Dunbar, Dunbar, and Bal derby. " We shall be poorer, I suppose, Clem," Mrs. Austin said; "but that's very little consequence; for your dear father left me so comfortably off that I can very well afford to keep house for my only son, and I shall have you more at home, dear, and that will, in deed, be happiness." But Clement told his mother that he had some very important business on hand just then, which would occupy him a good deal, and, indeed, the first Rtep necessary would be a journey to Shornoliffe, in Warwickshire. "Why, that's where you went to school, Clem." :" Yes, "mother." '" Yes, mother." "And it's near Mr. Percival Dunbar-or, at least, Mr. Henry Dunbar's country house." "Yes, mother," answered Clement. " Now the business in which I'm engaged is-is rather ot a difficult nature, and I want legal, help. My old schoolfellow, Arthur Lovell, who is as good a fellow as ever breathed. has been educated for the law, and is now a solicitor. He lives at Shornoliffe with his father, John Lovell, who is also a solicitor, and a man of some standingin the county. I shall run down to Shornoliffe, see my old friend, and get his advice, and if you'll bring Margaret down for a few days' change of air, we'll stop at the dear old Reindeer, where you used to come, mother, when: I was at school, and where you used to give me such jolly dinners in the days when a good dinner was a treat to a hungry schoolboy." Mrs. Austin smiled at her son; she smiled tenderly as she remembered his bright boy hood. Mothers with only sons are not very strong-minded. Had Clement proposed a trip to the moon, she would scarcely have known how to refuse him her company on the expedition. She shivered a little, and looked rather doubtfully from the blazing fire which lit up the cosy drawing-room, to the cold gray sky outside the window. "The end of' February isn't the pleasantest time in all the year for a trip into the coun try, Clem, dear," she said; "but I should certainly be very lonely at home without you. And as to poor Madge, of course it would be a great treat to her to get away from her pupils, and have a peep at the genuine coun try, even though there isn't a single leaf upon the trees. So I suppose I must say yes. But do tell me all about this business, there's a dear, good boy," Unfortunately the dear, good boy was obliged to tell his mother that the business in question was, like his motive for resigning his situation, a profound secret, and that it must remain so for some time to come. " Wait, dear mother," he said. "You shall know all about it by-and-by. Believe me, when I tell you that it's not a very :pleasant business," he added, with a sigh. "It's not unpleasant for you, I hope, Clement? " " It isn't pleasant for any one who is con cerned in it, mother," answered the young man, thoughtfully; "it's altogether a misera ble business; but I'm not concerned in it assa principal, you know, dear mother; and when it's all over, we shall only look back upon it as the passing of a black cloud over our lives, and you will'say that I have done my duty. Dearest mother, don't look so puzzled," added Clement; " this matter must remain a secret for the present. Only wait, and trust me." " I will, ray dear boy," Mrs. Austin said, presently; "I will trust you with all my heart; for I know how good you are. But I don't like secrets, Clem; secrets always make mne uncomfortable." No more was said upon this suhbject, nd it was arranged bylnd-by that .I s, Austin and Margaret should prepare 5" Warwiolishi' at the h"-' ., start for hig week. ""ý .,,mining of the follow. ý ~ ..,en Clement would be freed from .,u engagements to Messrs. Dunbar, Dunbar, and Balderby. Margaret had waited very patiently for give her all his help ih that awful task which lay before her, the discovery of Henry Dun bar's guilt. " You will go to Shorncliffe with my mother," Clement Austin said, upon the evening after his conversation with the widow ! " You will go with her, Madge, ostensibly upon a little pleasure trip. Once there we shall be able to contrive an inter view with Mr. Dunbar. He is a prisoner at Maudesley Abbey, laid up by the effect of his accident the other day, but not too ill to see people, Balderbhy says. Therefore I should think we may be able to plan an interview between you and him. You still hold to your original purpose. You still wish to see Henry Dunbar? " "Yes,"answered Margaret thoughtfully; "I want to look straight into the face of the man whom I believe to be my father's murderer. I don't know why it is, but this purpose has been uppermost in my mind ever since I heard of that dreadful journey to Winchester-ever since I first knew that my father had been murdered while travelling with Henry Dunbar. It might, as you say, be wiser to watch and wait, and to avoid all chance of alarming this man But I can't be wise. I want to see him. I want to look in his face and see if his eyes can meet mine." "You shall see him then, dear girl. A woman's instinct is sometimes worth more than a man's wisdom. You shall see Henry Dunbar. I know that my old schoollellow, Arthur Lovell, will help me, with all his heart and soil. 1 have called again upon the Scotland-yard people, and I gave them a minute description of the scene in St. Botolph lane, but they only shrugged their shoulders, and said it looked queer, hut wasn't strong enough to act upon. If anybody can help us Arthur Lovell can, for he was present at the inquest, and all further examinations of the witnesses at Winchester." If Margaret Wilmot and Clement Austin had been going upon any other errand than that which took them to Warwickshire, the journey to Shorneliffe might have been very pleasant to them. To Margaret, this comfortable journey in the corner of a first-class carriage, respectfully waited upon by the man she loved, possessed, at least, the charm of novelty. Her journeys hitherto had been long wearisome pilgrimages in draughty third-claas carriages, with noisy company, and in an atmosphere pervaded by a powerful effluvia of various kinds of alcohol. Her life had been a very hard one, darkened by the ever brooding shadow of dis grace. It was new to her to sit quietly look ing out at the low meadows, and glimmering white-walled villas, the patches of sparse woodland, the distant villages, the glimpses of rippling water, shining in the wintry sun. It was new to her to be loved by people whose minds were unembittered by the baneful memories of wrongs and crime. It was new to her to hear gentle voices, sweet Christian like words; it was new to her to breathe the bright atmosphere that surrounds those who lead a virtuous, God-fearing life. But there is little sunshine without its attendant shadow. The shadow upon Mar garet's life now was the shadow of that coming task-that horrible work which must be done- before she could be free to thank God for his mercies, and to be happy. The London train reached Shiorncliffe early in the afternoon. Clement Austin hired a roomy old fly, and carried off his companions to the Reindeer. The Rsindeer was a comfortable old fashioned hotel. It had been a very grand place in the coaching days, and you entered the hostelry by a broad and ponderous archway, under which Highflyers and Electrics had driven triumphantly in the days that were for ever gone. The house was a roomy old place, with long corridors and wide staircases, with broad, slippery, oaken banisters, and shallow steps. The rooms were grand and big, with bow windows so spotless in their cleanliness that they had rather a cold effect upon a February day, and were apt to itspire in the vulgar mind the fancy that a little dirt or smoke would look warmer and more comfortable. Certainly, if the Raindeer had a fault, it was that it was too clean. Everything was slippery with cleanliness, from the newly calendered chintz that covered the chair cushions, to the copper coal-scuttle that glittered by the side of the dazzling brass fender. There were faint odours of soft soap in, the bed- chambers, which no amount of lavender could overcome. There was an effluvia of vitriol about all the brass-work, and there was a good deal of brass-work in the Reindeer; and'if one speaies of decoration is more conducive to shivering than another, it certainly is brass-work in a state of high polish. There was no dish ever devised by mortal cook which the sojourner at the Reindeer could not have, according to the preliminary statement of the landlord; but with whateter ambitious design the sojourner began to talk about dinner, it always ended, somehow or other, by his ordering a chicken, a little bit of boiled bacon, a dish of cutlets, and a tart. There were days upon which divers species of fish were to be had in Shornpligf; bt?u the sojourner at the Reindeer rarely' happened to hit upon one obfthose days. Clement Austin installed Margaret and the widow in a sitting-room which would have comfortably accommodated about forty people. There was a bow window quite large enough for the requirements of a small family, and Mrs. Austin settled herself there while the landlord was struggling with a refractory fire, and pretending not to know that the grate was damp. Clement went through the usual fiction of deliberation as to what he should have for dinner, and, of course, ended with the peren nial chicken and cutlets. " I havn't the line appetite I had fifteen years ago, Mr. Gilwood," he said to the land lord, "when my mother yonder, who hasn't grown fifteen days older in all those fifteen years-bless her dear motherly heart-used to come down to see me at the academy in the Lisforl-road, and give me a dinner in ihpj d@t 5 old room.. I thought yctw ot?slet thb - ethereql morse!arl @e dishe?d ..- most Mr, gilw0tod, and ' .? y mortal cook, ail the - " .s room the best place in world. You know Mr. Lovell, Mr. Arthur Lovell ? " " Yes, sir; and a very nice young gentle man he is. " "He's settled in Shornoliffe, I suppose?" " Well, I believe he is, sir. There was some talk of his going out to India, in a government appointment, sir, or something of not r .I.4t4j vst? o understand that it's all off now, and that Mr. Arthur is to go into partnership with his father; and a very clever young lawyer he is, I've been told." "So much the better," answered Clement, "for I want to consult him upon a little matter of business. Good-hy, mother! Take care of Madge, and make yourselves as com fortable as you can. I think the fire will burn now, Mr. Gilwood. I shan't he away above an hour, I dare say, and then I'll come and take you for a walk before dinner. God bless you, my poor Madge I " Clement whispered, as Margaret fiilowed him to the door, and looked wistfully after him as he went down the staircase. Mrs. Austin had once had ambitious views with regard to her son's matrimonial pros pects; hut she had freely given them up when she found that he had set his heart upon winning Margaret Wilmot for his wife. The good mother bid made this sacrifice willingly and without complaint, as she would have made any other for her dearly beloved only son; and she found the reward of her devotion; for Margaret, this penniless, friend less girl had become very dear to her-a real daughter, not in law, but bound by the sweet ties of gratitude and affection. " And I was such a silly old creature, my dear," the widow said to Margaret, as they sat in the bow-window looking out into the quiet street; " I was so worldly-minded that wanted Clement to marry a rich woman, so that I might have some stuck-up daughter in-law who would despise her husband's mother, and estrange my boy from me, and make my old age miserable. That's what I wanted, Madge. and what I might have had, perhaps, if Clem hadn't been wiser than his silly old mother. And, thanks to him, I've got the sweetest, truest, brightest girl that ever lived, though you're not as bright as u-ual to-day, Madge," Mrs. Austin added, thoughttiuly. "You havn't smiled once this morning, my dear, and you seem as if you'd something on your mind." ".I've been thinking of my poor father," Margaret answered, quietly. "To be sure my dear; and I might have known as much, my poor, tender-hearted lamb. I know how unthappy those thought: always make you." Clement Austin had not been at Shorneliffe for three years. He had visited Maudesley Abbey several times during the lifetime of Percival Dunbar, for he had been a favourite with the old man, and he had been four years. at a boarding-school, kept by a clergyman of the Church of England, in a fine old brick mansion, on the Lisford-road. The town of Shorncliffe was, therefore, familiar to Mr. Austin, and he looked neither to the right nor the left as he walked towards the archway of St. Gwendoline's Church, near which Mr. Lovell's house was situated. He found Arthur at home, and very de lighted to see his old schoolfellow. The' two young men went. into a little panelled room looking into the garden, a cosy little room which Arthur Lovell called his study; and here they sat together for upwards of an hour, discussing the circumstances of the murder at Winchester, and the conduct of Mr. Dunbar since that event. In the course of that interview, Clement Austin plainly perceived that Arthur Lovell halt came to the same conclusion as himself, though the young lawyer was slow to express his opinion. " I cannot hear to think it," he said; " I know Laura Dunbar-that is to say, the Countess of Naughton, and it is too horrible to me to imagine that her father is guilty of this crime. What would be that innocent girl's feeelings if it should be so, and if her father's guilt should be brought home to him." " Yes, it would be very terrible for Lady Haughltoo, no doubt," Clement answered; " but that consideration must not hinder the course of juistice. I think this man's position has served him as a shield from the very first. People have thought it next to impossible that Henry Dunbar could be guilty of a crime, while they would have been ready enough to suspectsome penniless vagabond of any iniquity." Arthur Lovell told Clement that the hanker was still at Maudesley Abbey, bound a pri soner by his broken leg, which was going on favourably enough, but very slowly. Mr. Dunbar had expressed a wish to go abroad, in spite of his broken leg, and had only desisted from the design of being con veyed somehow or other from place to place, when he was told that any such imprudence might result in permanent lameness. "Keep yourself quiet, and submit to the necessities of your r:ccident, and you'll recover quickly," the surgeon told his patient. "Try to hurry the work of nature, and you'll have cause to repent your impatience for the remainder of your life." So Henry Daunbr had been obliged to submit himself to the decrees of Fate, and to lie dv after day, and night after night, upon his bed in the tapestried chamber, staring At the fire or the figure of his valet apd attend ant nodding in Ohe qasy-ohair by the hearth; 9\. listening to the cinders falling from the grate, and the moaning of the winter wind amongst the bare branches of the elms. The banker was getting better and stronger every day, Arthur Lovell said. His attend ants were able to remove him from one chanm her to another; a pair of crutohes had beep. made for him, but he had not yet been able to make his first feeble trial of them. He wps fain. to content hipmself with being carried to an easy-chair, to sit for a few hours, wrapped in blankets, with the leopard-skin rug about his legs. No man could have been more completely a prisoner than this man had become by the result of the fatal accident near Rugby, "Providenca, has thrown him into my power," "Margaret said, when Clement re. peated to her the information which he had received from Arthur Lovell-" Prov?d has thrown this wan into my - ...ence can no longer e@gape. -- - iower; for he nw eervvantu ' , ,,nd, surrounded by his to .- .., ue will scarcely dare to refuse oee me; he will surely never be so unwise as to betray his terror of me." " And if he does refuse-" " If he does, I will invent some stratagem by which I may see him. But he will not refuse. When he finds that I am so resolute as to follow him here, he will not refuse to see me." This conversation took place during a brief walk which the lovers took in the wintry dusk, while Mrs. Austin nodded by the fire in that comfortable hall-hour which precedes dinner. OHAPTER XLV. Early the next day Clement Austin walked to Maudesley Abbey, in order to procure all the information likely to facilitate Margaret Wilmot's grand purpose. He stopped at the gateof the principal lodge. The woman who kept it was an old servant of the Dunbar famly, and had known Clement Austin in Percival Dunbar's lifetime. She gave him a hearty welcome, and hbe had no difficulty whatever in setting her tongue in motio, upon the subject of Henry Dunbar. She told him a great deal; she told him that the present owner of the Abhey never had been liked, and never would be liked ; for his stern and gloomy manner was nso unike his father's easy, affable good nature, that people were always drawing comparisons be tween the dead man and the living. This, in a few words, is the substance of what the worthy woman said in a good many words. Mrs. Grumbleton gave Clement all the information he required as to the banker's daily movements at the present time. Henry Dunbar was now in the habit of rising at about two o'clock in the day, at which time he was carried from his bedroom to his sit ting-room, where he remained until seven or eight o'clock in the evening. He had no visitors, except the surgeon, Mr. Daphney, who lived in the Abbey, and a gtentleman called Vernon, who had bought Woodbine cottage, near Lisford, and who now and then was admitted to Mr. Dunbar's sitting-room. This was all Clement Austin wanted to know. Surely it might be possible, with a little clever management, to throw the banker completely off his guard, and to bring about the long-delaved interview between him and Margaret Wilmot. Clement returned to the Reindeer, had a brief conversation with Margaret, and made all arrangements. At four o'clock that afternoon, Miss Wil mot and her lover left the Reindeer in, a fyir ; at a quarter to five. the fly stopped at the lodge gates. " I will walk to the htuse," Margaret said "my coming will attract less notice. But I may be detained for, some time Clement. Pray, don't wait for me. Your dear mother will he alarmed if you are very long absent. Go back to her, and send the fly for me by. and-by." "Nonsense, Madge. I shall wait for you however long you may be. Do you think my heart is not as much engaged in anything that may influence your fate as even your own can be? I won't go with you to the Abbey, for it will be as well that Henry Dun bar should remain in ignorance of my pre sence in the neighbourhood. I will walk up and down the road here, and wait for you." "But. you may have to wait so long, Clement." "No matter how long. I can wait patiently, but I could not endure to go home, and leave you, 'my Madge." They were standing before the great iron gates as Clement said this. lie pressed Margaret's cold hand; he could feel how cold it was, even through her gloves; and then rang the bell. She looked at him as the gate was opened. She turned and looked at him with a strangely earnest gaze as she crossed the boundary of Henry Duunhar's domain, and then walked slowly along the broad avenue. That last look had shown Clement Austin a pale, resolute, face, something like the countenance of a fair young martyr, going quietly to the stake. He walked away from the gates, and they shut behind him with a loud, clanging noise. Then he went back to them and watched Margaret's figure growing dim and distant in the gathering dusk as she approached the Abbey. A faint glow of crimson fire-light reddened the gravel drive before the windows of Mr. Dunbar's apartments, and there was a footman airing himself under the abadow of the porch, with a glimmer of light shining out of the hall behind him. " I do not suppose I shall have to wait very long for my poor girl," Clement thought, as he left the gates and walked briskly up and down the road. " Henry Duribar is a reso lute man. He will refuse to see her to-day, as he refused before." Margaret found the footman lolling against the clustered pillars of the gothic porch, staring thoughtfully at the low evening light, yellow and red behind the brown trunks of the elms, and picking his teeth with a gold toothpick. The sight of the hall door, and this languid footman lolling in the porch, suddenly inspired Margaret Wilmot with a new ides. Would it not be possible to slip quietly past this man, and walk straight to thle apartments of Mr. Dunbar, unquestioned, uninterrupted ? Clement had pointed out to her the windows of the rooms occupied by the b'a ker. They were on the left hand side of the en trance hall. It would be quite impossible for her to mistake the door leading to them. It was dusk, and she was very plainly dressed, with a blacok-straw bonnet, eand a veil over her file. Surely she might deceive this languid footman by affecting to be some hanger on of the household, which, of course, was a large one. In that case she. had no right to present herself at the front door, certainly; but, then, before the languid footman could recover from the first shock of indignation at her impertin ence, she might slip past him, and reach the door leading to those apartments in which the banker hid himself and his guilt. Margaret lingered a little in the avenue, watching for a favorable opportunity in which she might hazard this attempt. She waited five minutes or so. The curve of the avenue screened her in some wise, from the in t he porch, who never happen-, Lan in the porch, who ,,? e to roll his languid eyes ..se the spot where she was standing. A flight of rooks came scudding through the sky, presently, very much excited, and cawing and screeching as if they had been an ornithological fire-brigade hurrying to extin guish the flames of some distant rookery. The footman, who was suffering acutely from the complaint of not knowing what to do with himself, came out of the porch, and stood in tile middle of the gravelled drive, with his back towards Muararet, staring at the birds as they flew westward. This was her opportunity. The girl hurried to the door with a light step, so light upon the smooth solid gravel that the footmun heard nothing until she was on the broad stone step under the porch, when the fluttering of Margaret's skirt, as it brushed against the pillars, roused him from a species of trance or reverie. He turned sharply round as upon a pivot, and stared aghast at the retreating figure under the porch. " Hi, you there, young woman !" be ex claimed, without stirring from his post; "where are you going to? What's the meaning of your coming to this door? Are you aware that there's such a place as a ser vants' 'all, and a servants' hentrance ?" But the languid retainer was too late. Margaret's hand was upon the massive knob of the door on the left of the hall, before the footman had put his last indignant question. He listened for an apologetic murmur from the young woman; but hearing none, con cluded that site had found h-r way to the servants' hall, where she most likely had some business or other with one of the female mem bers of the household. "A dressmaker, I dessay," the footman thought; " those gals spend all their earnings in finery and fal-lalis, instead of behaving like respectable young women, and laving up their money against they can go into the pub lic line with the man of their chice." He yawned and went on staring at the rooks, without troubling himself any further about the impertinent young person who had dared to present herself at the grand en trance. Margaret opened the door and went into the room next the hall. It was a handsome apartment lined with books from the floor to the ceiling; but it was quite empty, and there was no fire burn ing in the grate. The girl put up her veil, and looked about her. She was very pale now, and trembled violently; but she controlled her agitation by a great effort, and went slowly on to the next room. Tihe second room was empty like the first; bot the door between it and the next chaitber was wide open, and Margaret saw the fire light shiinig upon the faded tapestry, and reflected in the sombre depths of the polished oak furniture. She heard the low sound of the light ashes filling on the hearth, and the s ,orring breath of a dog. She knew that the man she sought, and had so long sotught without avail, was in that room. Alone, for there was no murmur of voices, no sound of any one moving in the apartment. That hour to which Margaret Wilmot had looked as the great crisis of her life had come, and her courage failed her all at once, and her heart sank in her breast on the very threshold of the chamber in which she was to stand face to face with Henry Dunbar. "The murderer of my father!" she thought; "the man whose influence blighted my father's life and made him what he wasi! The man, through whose reckless sin my father lived a life that lest him, oh ! how sadly un prepared to die ! The man who, knowing this, sent his victim before an offended God, with out so much warning as would have given him time to think one prayer I I am going to meet that man face to face !" Her breath came in faint gasps, and the firelit chamber swaim before her eyes as she crossed the threshold of that door, and went into the room where Henry Dunbar was sitting .lone befre the low fire. He" was wrapped in crimson draperies of thick woollen stuff, and the leopard skin railway-rug was muffled about his knees.' A dog of the hull-dog breed was lying asleep at the banker's feet, half-hidden in the folds of the leopard skin. Henry Dunbar's head was bent over the fire, and his eyes were closed in a kind of dozing sleep as Margaret went into the room. There was an empty chair opposite to that in which the banker sat; an old-fashioned, carved oak chair, with a high back, and crim son morocco cush;one. Margaret went softly up to this chair and laid her hand upon the oaken framework; her footsteps made no sound upon the thick Turkey carpet; the banker never stirred from his doze, and even the dog at his feet slept on. " Mr. Dunbar," cried Margaret, in a clear, resolute voice, "awake, it is I, Margaret Wdlmot, the daughter of the man who was murdered in the grove near Winchester!" The dog woke and snapped at her. The man lifted his head and looked at her, and even the fire seemed roused by the sound of her voice, for a little jet of vivid light shone up out of the smouldering log, and lighted the scared face of the banker. Clement Austin had promised Margaret to wait for her, and to wait patiently, and he meant to keep his promise. But there are some limits even to the patience of a lover, though he were the veriest knight-errant who was ever eager to shiver a lance or hack the edre of a battle-axe for love of his liege lady. When you have nothing to do but to walk up and down a few yards of hard, dusty high road, upon a bleak evening at the end of Febr'uary, an hour more or less is of consider able consequence. Five o'clock struck about ten minutes after Margaret Wilmot had entered the park, and Clement thought to him?self that even if Margaret were successful in obtaining an interview with the banker, that interview would be over before six. But the faint strokes of Lisford church clock died away upon the cold evening wind, and Cle ment was still pacing up and down, and the fly was still waiting, the horse comfortable enough with a rug upon his back and hia nose in a bag of oats, the man walking up and down by the side of the vehicle, flapping his gloved hands across his shoulders every now and then to keep himself warm. In that long hour between six and seven, Clement Au'nm's patience wore itself almost thread bare. It is one thing to ride in the lists on a prancing steed, caparisoned with embroidered trappings, worked by the fiair hands of your lady love, and with the trumpets braying, and the populace shouting, and the Queen of Beauty smiling sweet approval on your prowess; hut it is quite another thing to walk up and down a dusty country road, with the wind hiting lhke some ravenous animal at the tip of your nose, and no more conscious ness of your legs and arms than if you were a liss Biflin. By thle ime seven o'clock struck, Clement Austin's patience had given up the ghost; and to impatience had succeeded a vague sense of alarm. Margaret Wilmot had gone to force herself into this man's presence, in spite of his reiterated refusal to see her. What if-what if, goaded by her persistence, maddened by the consciousness of his own guilt, he should attempt any violence. 0! no, no, that was quite impossible. If this man was guilty, his crime had been :.-.deliberately planned; and executed with such .a diabolical cunning that he had been able so far to escape detection. In his own house, surrounded by prying servants, he would never dare to assail this girl by so much ns~a harsh word. But notwithstanding this, Clement was determined to wait no longer. He would go to the Abbey at once and ascertain the cause of Margaret's delay. He rang the bell, went into the park, and ran along the avenue to the porch. Lights were shining in fMr. Dunbar's win dows, but the grand hall door was closely shut. The languid footman cnme in answer to Clement's summons. "There is a young lady here," Clement said; breathlessly; "a young lady-with Mr. Dunhar." " Ho! is that hall?" asked the footman satirically. "I thought Shorncliffe town-'all was a fire, at the very least, from the way you rung. There was a young person with Mr. Dunbar, above a hour ago, if that's what .you mean ?" " Above an hour ago," cried Clement Aus tin, heedless of the man's impertinence in his own growing anxiety; "do you mean to say that the young lady has left ? " "She have left, above a hour ago." "She went away from this house an hour ago?" " More than a hour ago." "Impossible;" Clement said, "impossible!" "It may be so," answered the footman, who was of rather an ironical turn of mind; " but I let her out with my own hands, and I saw her go out with my own eyes notwith standing." The man shut the door before Clement had recovered from his surprise, and left him standing in the porch, bewildered, though he scarcely knew why; frightened, though he scarcely knew what he feared. CHAPTER XLVI. For some minutes Clement Austin lingered in the porch at Maudesley Abbey, utterly at a loss as to what he should do next. Margaret had left the Abbey an hour ago, according to the footman's statement; but, in that case, where had she gone? Clement had been walking up and down the road be fore the iron gates of the park, and they had not been open once during the hours in which he had waited outside them. Margaret could not have left the park, therefore, by the principal entrance. If she had gone away at all, she must have gone out by one of the smaller gates-by the lodge gate upon the Lisford road, perhaps, and thus back to Shornoliffe. But, then, why, in Heaven's name, had Margaret set out to walk home when the fly was waiting for her at the gates; when her lover was also waiting for helist, full of anxiety to know the result of the step she had taken '? "She forgot that I was waiting for her, perhaps," Clement tihought to himself. "She may have forgotten all about me in the fear ful excitement of this night's work." The young man was by no means pleased by this idea. " Margaret can love me very little, in that case," he said to himself. " My firs.t thought in any great crisis of my life would be to go to her, and tell her all that had happened to me.' There were no less than four different means of exit from the park. Clement Aus tin knew this, and he knew that it would take him upwards of two hours to go to all four of them. "I'll make inquiries at the gate upon :the .,.Lisford-road," he said to himself; "and if I find Margaret has left by that way, I can get _the; fly round there, and pick her up between this and Shornoliffe. Poor girl, in her igno rance of this neighbourhood she has no * idea of the distance she will have to walk ?" The cashier could not help feeling vexed by Margaret's conduct; but he did all he could to save the girl from the fatigue she was likely to entail upon herself through her own folly. He ran to the lodge upon thsi Lisford-" road, and asked the woman who kept it if a lady had gone out about an hour before. The woman told him that a young lady had gone out an hour and a hall before. . This was enough. Clement ran across the park to the western entrance, got into the fly, and told the man to drive back to Shorn cliffe by the Lisford-road, as fast as he could go, .and to look out on the way for the young lady whom he had driven to Maudesley Abbey that afternoon. S"You watch the left side of the road, I'll watch the right," Clement said. The driver was cold and cross, but he was anxious to get back to Shorncliffe, and he drove very fast. 'Clement sat with the window down, and 'the frosty wind blowing full upon his face as he looked out for Margaret. But he reached Shorncliffe without'having overtaken her, and the fly crawled under the p'jonderous archway beneath which the dashing mail-coaches had rolled in the days that were :for ever gone. "She must have got home before me," the Scashier thought; "I shall find her upstairs with my mother." He went up to the large room with the bow-window. The table in the centre of the room was laid for dinner, and Mrs. Austin was nodding in a great arm-chair near the fire, with the county newspaper in her lap. 'The wax candles were lighted, the crimson curtains were drawn before the bow-window, and the room looked altogether very com fortable; but there was no Margaret. The widow started up at the sound of the opening of the door, and her son's hurried footsteps. "Why Clement," she cried, "how late you are. I seem to have been sitting dozing here for full two hours; and the fire has been re Splenished three times since the cloth was laid for dinner. What have you been doing, my dear boy ?" Clement looked about him before he answered. "Yes, I am very late, mother, I know," he said; "but where's Margaret?" Mrs. Austin stared aghast at her son's question. " Why, Margaret is with you, is she not?" she exclaimed. "No, mother; I expected to find her Shere." "Did you leave her then ?'" "No, not exactly; that is to say, I-- " Clement did not finish the sentence. He walked slowly up and down the room think ing, while his mother watched him very anxiously. "My dear Clement,"' Mrs. Austin ex claimed at last, "you really quite alarm me. You set out this afternoon upon some mysteri ous expedition with Margaret; and though I ask you both were you are going, you both refuse to satisfy my very natural curiosity, and look as solemn as if you were setting out to attend a funeral. Then, after ordering dinner for seven o'clock, you keep it waiting nearly two hours; and you come in without Margaret, and seem alarmed at not seeing her here. What does it all mean, Clement?" "I cannot tell you, mother." " What, is this business of to-day a part of your secret ? " "It is," answered the cashier. "I can only say again what I said before mother trust me I" The widow sighed, and shrugged her shoulders with a deprecating gesture. "I suppose I must be satisfied, Clem," she said. " But this is the first time there's ever been anything like a mystery between you and me." " It is mother, and I hope it may be the last." The elderly waiter, who remembered the coaching days, and pretended to believe that the Reindeer was not an institution of the past, came in presently with the first course. It happened to be one of those day on which fish was to be had in Shornoliffe; and the first course consisted of a pair of soles and a large cruet-stand. The waiter re moved the cover with as lofty a flourish as if the small soles had been the noblest turbot that ever made the glory of an aldermanic feast. Clement seated himself at the dinner- table, in deference to his mother, but he could eat nothing. His ears were strained to bear the sound of Margaret's footstep in the corridor without; and he rejected the waiter's fish sauces in a manner that almost wounded the feelings of that functionary. Poor Clement went through the ceremony of dinner, but he eat scarcely a dozen mouth fuls, and his mind was racked by anxiety about -he missing girl. Had he passed her on the road? No! that was very improbable! for he had kept so sharp a watch upon the lonely highway that" it was more than unlikely the familiar figure of her whom he looked for could have escaped his eager eyes. Had Mr. Dunbar de tained her at Maudesley Abbey against her will? No, no, that was quite impossible; for the footman had distinctly declared that he had seen his master's visitor leave, the house; and the footman's manner had been innocence itself. The dinner-table was cleared by-and-by, and Mrs. Austin produced some coloured wools, and a pair of ivory knitting-needles, and set to work very quietly by the light of the wax candles; but even she was beginning to be uneasy at the absence of her son's betrothed wife. "My dear Clement," she said, at last; " I'm really growing quite uneasy about Madge. How is it that you left her?" Clement did not answer this question; but he got up and took his hat from a side-table near the door. "I'm uneasy about her absence, too, mother," he said. "I'll go and look for her." He was leaving the room, but his mother called to him. "Clement!" she cried, "you surely won't go out without your greatcoat-upon such a bitter night as this, too!" l'he cashier did not stop to listen to his mother's remonstrance; he hurried into the corridor, and shut the door of the room behind him. He wanted to run away and look for Margaret, though he did not know how or where to seek for her. Quiescence had become intolerable to him. It was utterly impossible that he should sit calmly by the fire, waiting for the coming of the girl he loved. He was hurrying along the corridor; but he stopped abruptly, for a well-known figure appeared upon the broad landing at the top of the stairs. There was an archway at the end of the corridor, and a lamp hung under the archway. By the light of this lnmp, Clement Austin saw Margaret Wilmot coming towards him slowly, as if she dragged herself along by a painful effort, and would have been well content to sink upon the caurpeted floor, and lie there helpless and inert. Uiement ran to meet her, with his face lighted up by that intense delight which a man feels when some intolerable fear is sud denly lifted off his mind. " Margaret," he cried, " thank God ! you have returned. Oh! my dear, it you only knew what misery your conduct.has caused me!" He held out his arms, but to his unutter able surprise the girl recoiled from him. She recoiled from him with a look of horror, and shrunk against the wall, as if her chief desire was to avoid the slightest contact with her lover. Clement was startled by the blank white ness of her face, the fixed store of her large hazel eyes. The January wind had blown her hair about her forehead in loose, disordered tresses; her shawl and dress were wet with melted snow; but the cashier scarcely looked at these. He only saw her face; his gaze was fascinated by the girl's awful pallor, and the strange expression of her eyes. " My darling," he said, " come into the parlour. My mother has been almost as much alarmed as I have been. Come, Margaret; my poor girl, I can see that this interview has been too much for you. Come, dear." Once more he approached her, and again she shrank away from him, dragging herself along against the wall, and with her eyes still fixed in the same deathlike stare. " Don't speak to me, Clement Austin," she cried; "don't approach me. There is con tamination in me. I am no fit associate for an honest man. Don't come near me." He would have gone to her, to clasp her in his arms, and comfort her with soothing, tender words; but there was something in her eyes that held him at bay, as if he had been rooted to the spot on which he stood. "Margaret! " he cried. He followed her, but she still recoiled from him, and, as he held out his hand to grasp her wrist, she slipped by him suddenly, and rushed away towards the other end of the corridor. Clement followed her; but she opened a door at the end of the passage, and went into Mrs. Austin's room. The cashier heard the key turned hurriedly in the lock, and he knew that Margaret Wil mot had locked herself in. The room in which the girl slept was inside that occupied by.Mrs. Austin. Clement stood for some moments almost paralysed by what had happened. Had he done wrong in seeking to bring about this interview between Margaret Wilmot and Henry Dunbar? He began to think that he had been most culpable. This impulsive and sensitive girl had seen her father's assassin, and the horror of the meeting had been too much for her impressionable nature, and had produced, for the time at least, a fearful affect upon her over-wrought brain. "I must appeal to my mother," Clement thought; "she alone can give me help in this business." He hurried back to the sitting-room, and found his mother still watching the rapid movements of her ivory knitting-needles. The Reindeer was a well-built house, solid and old- fashioned, and listeners lurking in the long passages had small chance of reaping much reward for their pains, unless they found a friendly keyhole. Mrs. Austin looked up with an expression of surprise as her son re-entered the room. "I thought you had gone to look for Margaret," she said. "There was no occasion to do so, mother; she has returned." "Thank heaven for that. I have been quite alarmed by her strange absence." "So have I, mother; but I am still more alarmed by her manner, now that she has returned. I asked her just now to trust me, mother," said Clement, very gravely. "It is my turn now to confide in you. The busi ness in which Margaret has been engaged this evening was of a most painful nature, so painful that I am scarcely surprised by the effect that it has produced on her sensitive mind. I want you to go to her, mother. I want you to comfort my poor Margaret. She has locked herself in her own room ; but she will admit you, no doubt. Go to her, dear mother, and try and quiet her excite ment, while I go for a medical man ! " "You think she is ill, then Clement?" "I don't know that, mother; but such violent emotion as she has evidently endured might produced brain-fever. I'll go and look for a doctor." Clement hurried down to the ball of the hotel, while his mother went to seek Margaret. He found the landlord, who directed him to the favorite Shorncliffe medical man. Luckily, Mr. Vincent, the surgeon, was at home. He received Clement very cordially, put on his bat without five minutes' delay, and accompanied Margaret's lover back to the Reindeer. " It is a case of mental excitement," Clement said. "There may be no necessity for medical treatment; but I shall feel more comfortable when you have seen this poor girl." Clement conducted Mr. Vincent to the sitting-room, which was empty. "I'll go and see how Miss Wilmot is now," the cashier said. The doctor gave a scarcely perceptible start as he heard the name of Wilmot. The murder of Joseph Wilmot had formed the sub ject of many a long discussion amongst the townspeople at Shorncliffe, and the, familiar name struck the surgeon's ear. " But what of .that?" thought Mr. Vincent. "The name is not such a very un common one." Clement went to his mother's room, and knocked softly at the door. The widow came out to him presently. " How is she now ?" Clement asked. "I can scarcely tell you. Her manner frightens me. She is lying on her bed as motionless as if she were a corpse, and with her eyes fixed upon the blank wall opposite to her. When I speak to her, she does not answer me by a much as a look; but if I go near her, she shivers, and gives a long sigh. What does it all mean, Clement?" " Heaven knows, mother. I can only tell you that she has gone through a meeting which was certainly calculated to have con siderable effect upon her mind. But I had no idea that the effect would be anything like this. Can the doctor come?" "Yes; he had better come at once." Clement returned to the sitting-room, and remained there while Mr. Vincent went to see Margaret. To poor Clement it seemed as if the surgeon was absent nearly an hour, so intolerable was the anguish of that interval of suspense. At last, however, the creaking footsteps of the medical man sounded in the corridor. Clement hurried to the door to meet him. "Well ?" he cried eagerly. Mr. Vincent shook his head. "It is a case in which my services can be of very little avail," he said; "the young lady is suffering from some mental uneasiness, which she refuses to communicate to her friends. If you could get lier to talk to you, she, no doubt, would be very much benefited. If she were an ordinary person, she would cry, and the relief of tears would have a most advantageous effect upon her mind. Our patient is by no means an ordinary person. She has a very strong will." "'Margaret has a strong will? " exclaimed Clement, with a look of surprise; "why she is gentleness itself." " Very likely; but she has a will of iron, nevertheless. I implored her to speak to me just now; the tone of her voice would have been some slight diagnosis of her state; but I might as well have implored a statue. She only shook her head slowly and she never once looked at me. However, I will send you a sedative draught, which had better be taken immediately, and I'll look round in the morning." Mr. Vincent left the Reindeer, and Clement. went to his mother's room. That loving mother was ready to sympathies with every trouble that affected her only son. She came out of Margaret's room and went to meet Clement. "TIs she still the same, mother?" he asked. "Yes, quite the same. Would you like to see her ? " "Very much." Mrs. Austin and her son went into the ad Joining chamber. Margaret was lying, dressed in the damp, draggled gown which she had worn that afternoon, upon the outside of the bed. The dull, stony look of her face filled Clement's mind with an awful terror. He began to fear that she was going mad. He sat down upon a chair close by the bed, and watched her for some moments in silence, while his mother stood by, scarcely less anxious than himself. Margaret's arm hung loosely by her side, as lifeless in its attitude as if it had belonged to the dead. Clement took the slender hand in his. He had expected to find it dry and burning with feverish heat: but, to his sur prise, it was cold as ice. "Margaret," he said, in a low, earnest voice; "you know how dearly I have loved, and do love you; you know how entirely my happiness depends upon yours; surely, my dear one, you will not refuse-you cannot be so cruel as to keep your sorrow a secret from him who has so good a right to share it? Speak to me, my darling. Remember what suffering you are entailing upon me by this cruel silence." At last the hazel eyes lost their fixed look, and wandered for a moment to Clement Austin's face. "Have pity upon me," the girl said, in a hoarse, unnatural voice; "have compassion upon me, for I need man's mercy as well as the mercy of God. Have some pity upon me, Clement Austin, and leave me; I will talk to you to-morrow." "You will tell me all that has happened?" "I will talk to you to-morrow," answered Margaret, looking at her lover, with a white, inflexible face; "but leave me now; leave me, or I will run out of this room, and away from this house. I shall go mad if I am not left alone." Clement Austin rose from his seat near the bedside. "I am going, Margaret," he said, with a tone of wounded feeling; " but I leave you with a wounded heart. I did not think there would ever come a time in which you would reject my sympathy." "I will talk to you to-morrow," Margaret said, for the third time. She spoke in a strange mechanical way, as if this had been a set speech which she had arranged for herself. Clement stood looking at her for some little time; but there was no change either in her face or attitude, and the young man went slowly and sorrowfully from the room. "I leave her in your hands mother," he said. "I know how tender and true a friend she has in you. I leave her in your care, under Providence. May heaven have pity upon her and me !" (lb be continued.) 