THE RING. FIGHT FOR THE CHAMPION'S BELT and £400 BETWEEN WORMALD AND MARSDEN. [From Bell's Life in London.] Seeing that it is now more than two years since we have had occasion to describe a fight for the Championship, the task comes upon us almost as a novelty, for although, in general features, the majority of mills pre- sent little variety, and in many of those which have occurred since the last meeting between Tom King and Jem Mace, in November, 1862, there have been incidents of an extraordinary character, still there has not been that amount of genuine interest that one cannot help feeling when relating the history of a struggle for the (shall we say it?) Blue Ribbon of the Ring. Of the brace of candidates for fistic honour, whose encounter we are about to chronicle, but little has been known beyond the circle of their own immediate patrons, and it is, therefore, not surprising that the match has been looked upon by the general public with out that extraordinary degree of curiosity which for years has been bestowed upon every fight for the Championship. Hitherto, as a rule, every aspirant for the position of Champion has, by slow degrees, won his way to fame by his own strong arm and daring pluck, or has presumed upon his great strength and size to endeavour to wrench the laurel from the brow of some gladiator of smaller proportions, but of greater skill and experience, who has held it for some time ; but on this occasion we have two big ones, new to fame, singling themselves out from the common herd, to try for that trophy, which neither Tom King nor Jem Mace, the latest Champions, thought fit to defend. That two really big young men have at length been found, of sufficient pretensions for the task they have set themselves, is a subject for congratulation to the ring-going public, for although there is no denying the fact that good little ones, like Tom Sayers, may occasionally be found capable of holding their own against big ones, it is, neverthe- less, equally true that a good middle-weight, however game, and however skilful he may be, can never hope to contend with success against a good big one, possessed of skill and bravery equal to his own ; and it follows, therefore, that if the Championship of Eng- land is Iong held by a good little one, such as Sir Thomas de Sayers, there must be a dearth of good big ones in the profession, and it is to be presumed, a general deterioration in the race of boxers. In making these ob- servations, we have no wish to cast any slur upon Tom, or even upon his successor, Jem Mace, another good middle-weight. Both were excellent for their size, and deserve every credit for their skill and determination in attaining the top of the tree ; but still the fact remains that in neither of them could the character of champion be said to be properly represented in all its bearings, and it is no discredit to either to say that had he been pitted against a really first-rate big one, the chances are he must have resigned his position, however hardly he might have struggled to maintain it. It is on this account that we congratulate the fancy on the advent of the heroes of our present song, who, in appearance, have most of the qualifications for defenders of the self an out-and-out good one, it remains yet to be seen whether he will turn out so very good as to come up to our ideas of a perfect champion in every respect. We now proceed to give such few particu- lars as to the antecedents of the men as we have been able to obtain, and as Joe Wor- mald's public career has been the longer of the two we will give him the place of honour. He is a native of Poplar, and, therefore, an East Ender to the back-bone. He is in his twenty-fourth year, and stands as nearly as possible six feet in height, his weight being something like 12 stone. From an early age he has had a fancy for the digital occupation, and has lost no opportunity of improving his skill therein in the Eastern sparring schools. He was at first taken in hand by Jack Hicks, who conferred upon him the title of 'Hicks's Big Un,' by which he was known until he and his mentor, fell out, and the title was transferred to George Iles, Joe's last opponent, by whom it is still enjoyed. Hicks had a very high opinion of his young one, and last year matched him against Jem Mace's Wolf, of whose scientific acquire- ments some persons had formed a high opinion, and who was thought an admirable trial horse for the coming big one. The fight came off on 26th May, 1863, and lasted four hours and 23 minutes, during which 118 rounds were got through. Darkness then coming on, the referee was compelled to stop the mill, and both men being a good deal punished, their friends, rather than go to any further expense, agreed to draw their money. Joe, on this occasion, although in anything but a fit state of health for milling, displayed such points as augured well for his future distinction. He was taken much notice of by Jem Mace, with whom, about this time, he entered into arrangements to travel with the circus, and set-to with the Champion at his various exhi- bitions. This was a great help to Wormald, who hereby got constant practice, and gained such an insight into the minutiæ of his pro- fession at the hands of his most accomplished companion, as in time led Jem to admit that Jack was nearly as good as his master. Wormald, not feeling inclined to confine him- self entirely to glove practice, soon begun to look out for some foe worthy of his maw- leys, and this he found in his present opponent, Marsden, against whom Hicks matched him for £100 a side. Joe, on this occasion, unfortunately proved that, however good he was with his hands, he was a poor trainer — or, we should rather say an impru- dent one. He could not keep from tempta- tion, became ill, and fell away in flesh to such an extent as convinced Hicks he could not hope for success against such a fresh, healthy, and powerful young fellow as the Nottingham Champion. Jack, therefore, thought it useless to throw good money after bad, and when £60 a side had been posted declined to go on, consequently Marsden came in for a windfall which he had never expected. Wormald was much riled at the treatment he had received from his old pal, and although he could not deny the justice of it, he broke the bonds of friendship, and transferred his allegiance to mine host of the Founders' Arms, while Jack Hicks, anxious to punish him for his desertion, spread his net for another haul. His cast was success- ful, and he landed a still larger big 'un, in the shape of George Iles, of Bristol, a novice of 6ft. 1in., and weighing 12st 7lb. George was young, fresh, and strong, and had so much of the making of a good pugilist about him, that Hicks evidently considered he had secured a gem of the first water, and at once proposed to match him against Joe. The latter, by no means backward, offered no impediment, and the business was quickly settled. The lads were at once sent into training, and Iles was got as fit as a fiddle, but Wormald seemed destined to ill-fortune ; in his work he was again ill, his former escapades told severely against him, and instead of training on, he could do no work, trained off, and was consequently, on the. day of battle, about as unfit as he well could be for such an undertaking. His friends were willing to forfeit rather than he should run the risk of defeat ; but Joe, confident in hiimself, would not hear of it, and was deter- mined to leave no stone unturned to save his backers' money. The battle took place accordingly on the 15th of June last, and turned out a right down game fight, Joe, being so out of condition, was obliged to play possum, and let lies cut out the work for him, which he did in a merry fashion. At first, indeed, he sparred very cautiously, but as he got warm to his work he dashed in repeatedly to force the fighting, a practice which suited Wormald to a T, enabling him to pop in some left-handed props of the most enlivening nature. As the fight progressed they got to closer quarters, and some tre- mendous punching took place on either side. At this game Joe had all the best of it ; his deliveries were so true and straight from the shoulder as to take even his own friends by surprise, and repeatedly did he send the big one staggering back. Iles, however, would not be denied, and he occasionally put on the hug with great effect, and now and then treated Joe to a cross-buttock, which seemed to shake him all to pieces. In the last round, Wormald being evidently tired, Iles was urged to go in and finish, and gamely endeavoured to carry out his orders, but Joe stopped him with such a straightener on the snuff-box from the left, and another from the same hand on the jaw, as for a time to bother him completely. He soon recovered, however, and once more rushed gamely in, when Wormald again planted the larboard fin with terrific effect on the jaw, which, bringing George's nob for ward, enabled our hero to administer the coup de grace by a tremendous unper-cut on the left temple. Iles immediately fell, and it was a long time ere he could be re- called to the fact that he was defeated, but by no means disgraced. Joe's performance on this occasion gave intense delight to his friends, and raised him not a little in the es- teem of the few Corinthians who witnessed the battle. Good as was this performance, however, it did not seem to daunt his present opponent, Marsden, who was on the ground making mental memoranda, and who almost immediately after the fight intimated his willingness to fight Joe for £200 a side and the Champion's Belt, which was then lying idle in our hands, and which we had pri- vately stated should be handed over to the winner of this battle, should the match be made to be held on the usual terms. Joe was nothing loth; the articles were drawn on the 30th June, and there being six months to the good, Wormald, like a good boy, put himself into proper hands so as to get his bodily health square before committing himself to the arduous duties of putting on the. final touch under a professional trainer. It was not until two months back that he went into actual hard work, and, as our readers know, even then we had occasion, by particular request, to state that there were one or two doubts expressed by his own friends as to his prudence, doubts which Joe, in a letter to ourselves, entirely repudiated, vowing that he never was better, and was really working in earnest. Whether there was anything to justify suspicion we know not, but this much is certain — after the caution we gave in our columns Wormald really showed he was in earnest, and under the eye of Richards (the Welshman), took his canters like a man, and has ever since gained flesh, and certainly on entering the ring was better than he ever was on former occasions. The last month of his training was spent in the usual exercises at Mr. Burbidge's, the Red lion, Smitham Bottom, near Croydon. Andrew Marsden was born in 1838, at Nottingham, in which town he has for some years kept the Rose and Thistle pnblichouse, Wellington street. His height is 6ft 1½in., and his weight somewhere about 13st 10lb. He has not been long known in pugilistic circles, although in and about bis own im- mediate neighbourhood he has occasionally proved himself to be 'all there' in private little goes for small sums. Old Bendigo, Poulson, and others, who had seen him per- form, seem to have formed a high opinion of his merits, and we believe that it was through their representations the idea of glory first entered his noddle, and induced him to pay a flying visit to London to get a peep at the real thing. If we recollect aright, he made his debut as a spectator at the second fight between King and Mace, but on this occasion made no attempt to get on a match. On his return home, however, pugilistic thoughts seem to have worked on his mind till he could stand it no longer, and by way of a first essay he selected the giant, O'Baldwin, for an opponent, a man, like himself, pos- sessing no practical knowledge of the art, but who, if useless as a trial horse in any other particulars, was, at any rate, well suited for the post in one way — in that, (standing some 6ft 7in. in height, there was plenty of him whereupon to test Master An- drew's powers of hitting. For this affair Marsden was backed at Nottingham, but on the match being made took up his quarters at Bob Travers's, which he has ever since made his London home. The mill was no criterion whatever of Marsden's merits either as regarded game or scientific acquirements, for although he showed considerable propel- ling power in his hitting, yet the utter ab- sence of merit on the part of the giant ren- dered any other quality than hard punching quite unnecessary. O'Baldwin succumbed in three rounds and three and a half minutes, leaving Marsden's friends as much in the dark as ever, and as to his clever- ness they have never since been en- lightened, seeing that Andrew has carefully avoided all glove practice whatever, notwith- standing the tempting baits that have been held forth. It was after this battle that he was first matched with and received forfeit from his present opponent. Immediately the pre- sent match was made, Marsden paid an occasional flying visit to town, and so far as his business as a Boniface would allow, devoted himself to a mild course of Banting, in order to get rid of some of the superflu- ous flesh with which he was encumbered, Hc.did not finally lea vo . home till about nine weeks ago, when after a days in town, he settled himself down to hard work at Mr. Massoy's Chester Arms, Ash, near Alder shott, in company with Worinald's late opponent, George lies, and here he has' done plenty of work, frequently compassing his 30 miles a few day, besides other gymnastic exercises. He has been much noticed by many of the officers in cam]), nnd among them has been mado tho fvvourito at 5 to 4 — odds which would have been freely taken by Wormald's backers had they known in time the state of the case. As will bo seen below, when tho men arrived in London Wormald was made a considerable favourite, there being Btrong commissions out from the East Enders to get on at all hazards. Tim train fltnrted from thn'TCilRfenn Snnfirn station about a quarter before seven on 3rd January, tho company .having booked for Maraton Gate, and the first stoppage was at Watford, whero tickots wero taken. At Chcddington junction, the next halting place, the train was twenty minutes late, owing to the slippery state of tha rails, and here, all appearing to be clear, the referee proposed to tha men that an attempt Bhould be made to bring the fight off at once, especially as it was found that a delay would necessarily take place before carriages could be procured to'tako tho travellers to Marston Gate, which is on tho Aylesbnry branch. Bob Travors was quite willing to accede to this, but Bos Tyler would hear of nothing but the original fixture. 'Onwards1' was, therefore, the word, and Marston Gate was reached an hour. beyond the ubuoI time. .A ring was immediately pitched near the railway station, and a good outer ring formed, in which the few Corinthians present were soon comfort ably seated. Wormald threw in his cap at 9 '18, attended by Bos Tyler and Jerry Noon, and his example was at onco followed by Marsden, who had behind him Bob Trovers and the Enthusiastic I'otboy. The betting at this timo wob 5 to 4 on Wormald. No time was cut to waste about toilettes ; the milling boots were all but laced up when, alas I up came the first train from Aylesbury.witha quintette of rural bobbies,, who. declared there should bo no fight It was discovered they wero out of their own county, and an idea was entertained of setting them at defiance, but this was quickly Durked( by a reinforcement from another quarter, iii tho shape of a cart load of Hertford constabulary from Tring. A move was now imperative, and there was nothing for it but a , trudge back 'Bomo four miles- by road to Chedding ton, whence all booked for Leighton junction, en route tor Dunstablo. At Leighton disap pointment again stared tho combatants in the face. The police from three counties were in attendance, and the inspector in command informed the referee that his orders were to follow wherever they went, if it was forty miles. Nothing now remained but a return to town, which could not be commenced till 2.45, and was not accomplished till after dark, so that there was no possible chance of trying elsewhere tnat day. On the way up the referee' endeavoured to bring about an agreement between Travers and Tyler for Wednesday morning, but failing in this, ordered them to be in attendance with their men at London Bridge station at eight a.m. On Wednesday morning, at the appointed hour, the men and their seconds were punctual, and received the office from the referee to book for Three Bridges, on the London and Brighton line, with a view as was supposed to take them to some spot between that and East Grinstead. So quiet was everything kept at this time, that a casual bystander would never have guessed what was up. There was no crowding or rioting; all were enabled to take their tickets in peace and quietness, just as on any ordinary occasion, and altogether the scene presented a most favourable contrast to those so often witnessed when 'special' provi sions have been made, ostensibly for the comfort of the travellers, but which have too often tjurned out the vehicles for all kinds of rioting and robbery, and have deterred many Corinthians from encountering the risks of a journey to a mill. At a station short of Three Bridges the referee got out of the train, and gave notice to the men and their friends to follow his example. No time being lost, the travellers, about 150 in number, including a fair sprinkling of the best patrons of the art, tumbled out in double quick time, and followed tho referee to a spot where, in earlier days, many an ex cellent fight has been brought off without interruption. Here, on on excellent piece of turf a capital ring was formed before ten o'clock ; all were at once seated comfortably, and we are glad to state that from Iirat to last the greatest order prevailed. The men lost no time in entering the ring, attended by the same seconds as on Tuesday, and at once proceeded to their toilettes. \Vhile this ceremony was going on there was much talk of betting, bnt very little business ; 5 to 4 was freely offered on Wormald, and in one or two instances taken, but the Nottingham man stood out ivl u iv rt, .in n uitu vuuj ttuji luuuuiit ui icaguu could have been got on. On stripping it was at once obvious not only that Marsden was much the bigger and heavier man, but that he was in better con dition than Wormald. He was well furnished with muscle in tho right place3, and had a ruddy glow of health about him that spoke volumes. His weight was about 13st 101b. Wormald's appearance out of his clothes was rather disappointing than otherwise. His flesh looked pallid, though firm, and he had a careworn expression, suggestive of recent suffering, which led us to suppose that, with all the care bestowed on him, he lias not yet shaken off the seeds of the .illness above alluded to. It is tnie he was much more filled out than when he fought lies, and was altogether a much better man, but that another fortnight's gentle work would have been of infinite service to him is undeniable. His weight, he informed us, was aboutl2st41b. The seconds proved so active that at five minutes past ten precisely all was in readi ness, ana the referee called ' Time.' THE FIGUT. Hound 1. Notwithstanding the small number of persons present, when the men stood face to face the excitement round the rinf,' was fully up to the average, and certainly two liner specimens of pu^ill.-t» hare seldom been presented to tlicgaze of the oldest Ring-goer. Both stood In a mnnner that proved they knew something of the noble art, aud each displayed far more activity than is usually seen amon' heavy weights io rettln'' about to take the measure of their men. Wormald's counten ance showed a confidence in bis chance of success that added to the already julblant attitude or the liast lenders. Hu has a regular fighting nob, with hl£rh cheek-bones, and square jaw-bones; his shoulders are sloping, and his arms, although not remarkably muscular, are long-, aud display a thickness of sinew and bone strongly Indicative of that most essential uiTl to the pugilist— hard and straight hitting. His loins arc sufficiently wide and powerful for his frame, and his under standings muscular enough to enable him to L'l't well about the ring with his 12st 41b. ills bands are larcri; .and powerful, with knuckli-a that cut like a knife at cadi hit. His attitude was good, except that his feet wi- rc too close together, and he stooped his shoulders and head In a rather awkward manner. Ills arms were licld rather low, but when he worked for an open ing the quickness with which he feinted and broke ground showed that more than the usual amount of swiftness would be required to landonc for nothing on him. Marsdcn when moving about showed u looseness of skin over the muscles of his body, which proved pretty plainly how much flesh he ha'd tnkenoffin training (about three stone); but still It was evident the muscle was all there, and his grand cheat only just fell short of that exhibited by John Uec- nan. Ills arms arc muscular, but nre not «» long as Wormald's j his loins are well neat ami bluodlike ; andtoconcludehlscountcnance betokened great confidence at the first glance, but thtre was at times ? a shiftiness of look that spoke of great anxiety respecting the task set before him. Uis attitude was somewhat con strained, with his arms high and his feet rather too close. It was sufficiently evident, after the mun had taken stock of each other, tbat both meant business, and not dodging about the ring. Wor mald, afU-r a fuiv passes and weaving, feinted viciously and broke ground prettily. Marsden looked bothered and jumped back, one of the Kust Eudcrs shouting, ' lie's a dunce.' On getting together again Wormald feinted and landed the double with t lie left on the nose, drawing the cork freely ; and the first of the events (Jint blood) was claimed and allowed for Wormald. Marsdeu, in return, slung his right on to Joe's left listener, but not heavily, Wormald now broke ground, aud looked 'laughingly, at Harsdcn, who tried to prevent thu claret from showing, but in vain, as the ruby trickled down his chin, amidst votcii'erous cheers from tho Kast Enders, and offers to lay a to 1 that Wormald won. After some little spar ring Wormald landed another cracker from the left on the probonds, rccclvlug.a slight reminder in return from the right ou the shoulder, and, slipping up as he got back, fell on his side, just lu time to escape a' tremendous lunging bit from Mamdcu's light. Time, siniu. 2\. Muredeu came up bleeding from the nose, and evidently non-plussed. Wormald wa9 all srallee, and as Boon as he was within distance, feinted with the left, and broke ground. Marsden followed him ' red hot,' but was stopped by a beautiful left handed shot on tho nose, again turning on the tap in a most generous manner. Wormald followed up his delivery, and rapid exchanges with both hands passed, the hilling of Wormald being by far the most cflecttvc, for although; Marsdeu landed his right twice on Wormald's left listener, there were no tracos ot the visitations, whilo the repeated poos from Joe's larboard fin left their murks in the shape of n cut on the right eyebrow, aud an extra effusion from the smeller. Mareden, apparently rendered savage by the impunity with which Wormald puulslicd him, now rushed at Joe, and a wild scramble was concluded by Marsdeu boring Wormald to tho rones, where the latter; after a manful attempt to stop the torrent, was under in the fall, Marsden adding Ills full weight to the tumble. Tlme.Omln. 3\. Marsden came up rcadtly, but flushed, and bleeding from the nose; and U'ormnld was now ordered to bustle him about, and tojket-p him mov ing. He was not slow to take advice, and worked Marsdeii first on the right side, aud then, finding Andrew would not stand the over, he broke ground neatly and worked to tho left. Marsdeu now emayed the left, but was lamentably short, and Wor mald immediately after missed a line left-hander at the nob, which whizzed past Andrew's left car. Andrew bored In, and some rapid exchanges took place at haif-arm fighting, much iu favour or Wor mald, who used both hands with great rapidity on the xldc aud back of the head, while Marsden lost much time In attempting to put ou the Iteenan hug. Alter some scrambling fighting to the ropes, Marsdeu contrived to get Joe's head into chancery, but could do no harm, us Wormald instantly ceased struggling, and fought with both haudB on the body until Marsden eaxod his hold,' when Joe caught him round the neck, aud although Marsden had, by sheer strength, twisted Joe olf his pins, thu latter shifted his feet and mauaged to screw Mursden down, falling on him. ? 4. Marsdeu, when he came up, was mill Weeding from the nozzle, which was Increased in size, aud also from a out on tho right eyebrow. Ills ribs also showed signs of Joo's handiwork. Wormald's right leg was swo'len, but beyond that und being slightly Hushed from the rapidity of tho fighting. and the hugging in the previous round, lie was quite unscathed. The Easr-Knder was again ordered to force tho pnc«, and Marsden seemed un willing to balk his wish. After it few feints and parries on both sides, Wonnnld slipped his foot Ingtdc that oi the Nottingham man, at the same time dashing his left smartly ou the nose, more or the ruby at once following the hit. Marsden did not fllvch, but rushed fn wl dly, and some heavy half-arm hits were exchanged, until the; (broke away, 'i'hee wns no bronthing-tlinc; Wormnld agaln-foJowed Marsden, nnd tried to plant tha left on the head, but Jlarbden very neatly put it on one side. Some (rood sparring then took place for nn opening, until Wormald, with bin creeping action, onco more worked lilmsclf within shot, und lei drive a tremendous left-linndcr nt'thc head. It was beautifully straight. aud alighted neatly on the bridge of the nose, following ft up, he dashed In with both hands, receiving n rib-roaster from Andrew's right as he went. Into cloao quarters. Marsden, who was more for holding and squeezing than punching, at onco seized him round the neck, and despite all the ha f-arm hitting or Joey, rushed him to tho ropes, and, after a sharp tussle, botnfell outside, Wormuld. under. Time, 9 mlu. (. Wormald. when he was delivered at the scratch, smiled and looked perfectly nnconcerntd. although there was a red mark on his side from 3I*r»den's right- hander, which told the dangerous character of Andrew's hitting. Wormald broke ground several times. aTtcr feinting to draw Marsr den off bl.-i guard, and tried to land his favourite double, but was shott both time*. At length a little fiddling induced Marsden to shift his ground, when Jot- seized the opportunity, and dashed his lelt on the Injured snuff-box with f ucb effect as completely stazgercd the Nottingham champion. Wormald at otico followed up his advantage, and notwithstanding M.irsden landed several severe blows, he fought him with both hands at the head, punishing him with great rererity, and drawing be ruby! He seemed, in fact, to do jujt as he liked, and finished tho round by fighting Andrew down at the ropes, amidst loud cheers ixom his friends, and offers oi any odds. ? S. Maraden's conk was much swollen, and the carmine flowed from hfs kisser as he eamo up with a poor attempt at a smile. Nothing whatever was the matter with Wormald. who now evidently con Biiiered all was over. The usual sparing for an opening was followed by Worma'd stealing a march, and with great quickness dashing the left with telling effect upon poor Marsdcu's nose; the latter, however, countered him heavily under the left eye, raising a trifling bump. Doth now took up fresh ground, and approached each other with great caution. Marsdeu led off his left, but was acain very short, and followed this by a swinging riMit-handcd lunge, which was likewise out of all distance. Wormald dashed to in-flehting. and pegged away with both hands on the back of the lead to the ropes, where he got Marsden's head In chancerv, and held him untifthc Nottingham man placed fits hands across Joe's face. This led to cries of ' lie's gouging him,' but there were no grounds for them. In the end both were down. An appeal was made by Bos Tyler about the gong ing. The referee, however, said ' Fight on.' 7\. When the men left their corners they had been fitting exactly fourteen minutes, and 5 to 2 was offered on 'Wormald without a res]»nsc. Both were blojring from the effects of the fast fighting and hauling In the previous round. After rather a long 'time,' WOrmalil was the first to scratch, and the mark under his left eye was distinctly visible. Jlarsden wns much swollen about the head and neck, but still strong on his legs. Wormald took the initiative, after ajcounle of clever balks, by dashing his left on to Mar6den's right (He without any return, and then took fresh ground with great neatness. On Retting together Marsden was twice short with his left, but «ne ceeded in landing a third pop on the mouth, but he was countered heavily on the Injured nose. » or mald then dasbed Into close quarters, and missing with both hands, was gripped by Marsden, who cross-buttocked him heavily. - 8\. Marsden came up eagerly after his successful effort, and waschecred by the Nottingham division as he faced Wormald. who, contrary to expectation, appeared totaliy unaffected by the severe toss in tucprevioiui round. Marsden commenced opera tions by fftempting to plant his left on the head, but even as the blow started Wormald bad shifted his quarters, and was out of icach. A few pretty passes and feints followed, in which the skill of the Londoner was very apparent, and they were put an end to by his dashing his left with great celerity at Andrew's bead, but the latter parried itprettily. Both were now on cautious tactic*. In turn retiring and advancing, and then putting down their hands, evidently requiring a brief rest alter their quick milling.' This did not suit Wormald for Ion/, nor did bi» seconds seem to approve of it, as they quickly gave him the office to force the pace and keep Marsden moving. Joe accordingly went to work, and getting well within range, planted a stinging left-hander on Marfdcn's good peepcr(the left), catting the eyebrow deeply, and drawing; more carmine. Marsdcn countered, but only on the shoulder, and closing, gained ft fair hold and back-heeled Wormald in beautiful style, adding his own weight to the falL Time, Mmln. 9\. 2-*o sooner were the men placed at the scratch than they got together, and rapid exchanges passed with both hands until they broke away. Wor maluVwho had much the best of the hitting, gave Marsden no rest, but followed him round the ring until he pinned him in a corner. Tlerc Marsden msdc a couple of feints to stall off his man, which had the desired effect, for Wormald shifted his quarters. Marsden escaped from his prison, fol lowed Joe up, and both fought at the body until thev closed. Both men were now very busy, Mars den on the body, and Wormald on the back of the neck and jaw, until Ixjth fell side by side. 10\. Wormald. evidently feeing victory closely ahead, wou'd not be denied from forcing the pace, and commenced his proceedings by letting drive a good straight left-hander at the head, but he missed; Marsden then let go viciously with both hands, landing slightly, and closed. Some rapid but scrambling In-flghtlnsr took place to the ropes, where they hsd b short struggle for Biinrcmacy, but eventually both went down outside the ropeso Wormald hitting his right hand ajainst the ccntrt stake as he rolled over. An appeal was made time Wormald had held Marsden foul when on the (vrmmri Tint tlm u.forM* wnntrl nnt entertain the idea. 11\. Wormald, almost without a mark, was np first, but was soon followed by the well-punishca Nottingham man. The sparring, retreating, and tactics, were very pretty and good for such heavy weights, and rattling left-banded counters were exchanged wfth rapidity, Marsden visiting' the left cheek, Wonnnld the mouth and chin, and steadying Marsden with a vicious rush. Marsden, when he agalu was within range, invested heavily on the body with his light, but this gave Joe an opening, and poor Andrew got n receipt in full on the eye from Wormald's busy left. 3Iarsdeu then forced a close, and obtaining the hug threw Wor mald. but nol heavily. Time, 30 min. 12\. Marsden camo up puffing and exhibiting un mistakable symptoms of distress ; he was, more over, much 'disfigured about the face, while Wormald was as fresh as at the commencement. Marsden, as 6oon as Wormald would Btana still, delivered a very hot right-hander on Master Joe's victualling department, receiving a heavy left hauded counter on the bridge of the nose, and on Wormald folloniug Ills hit up, Harsden turned tail ; Wormald followed him, ? when Andrew, actually ran round three sides of tho ring, Wormald after him. The latter at length caught him up. when Andrew .fell as If he was shot, and Wormald barely escaped splklug him. A foul was claimed on the .'ground that Marsden had fallen without a blow, and the referee deemed it neces sary to caution him. 13\. The seconds of Wormald wore by no means tardy in finding that something was amiss with Mnrsdcn, so they advised Joe to set to work now with both hands. Acting up to ordcrj Wormald stood for no repairs, but weut to work left and right with determination, administering severe punishnent on the face and the much-battered nose. Marsden's returns were comparatively harm less ; nature was fast leaving him, and \\\ ormald, who was as strong as at the commencement, fought him down at the ropes, and walked to his cornor. 14\. This was, like the preceding round, all in favour of Wormald, who fought with i.'reat cool ness aud prcclslou as he followed Marsden all over the ring, and after he had landed bis left several times Marsden got down to avoid. 15\. As soon as time was called, Wormald walked to the scratch and waited lor Marsden, who was now very heavy to lift, andrc^ulredall the services of his seconds to keep him clean. As soon as Worma'.d was within reach, he dashed his left into the damaged eye several times without any return. Marsden now tried the last game of the outgene railed pugilist lu using his right to bring off the battle In his favour by a chance hit ; but wormald was as good. If not better at the game than he was, for in the half-arm hitting he landed a stinging right- hander, and down went poor Marsden on hU face as If he was shot, and It was the general Impression that lie was out ol time. 18\. They had now been fighting 34 mill., and, bar some extraordinary uccldeut, the fight was over, as Wormald was unscathed, while Marsden was dreadfully punished and very weak. lie was, how ever, brought round sufficiently to face bis man, but only to be fought down. 17\. Marsden went staggering to the scratch, and attempted to plant the right, but. Wormald balked bis intention by Investing1 heavily on tho nose, fol lowing it up by kuocklug Marsden across the ring; Wormald went after him, and, bringing him for ward by a right-hander on the jaw, poor Marsden fell all of a heap at the ropes. is and last. When Marsden was In his corner he could scarcely 6it, he was so weak, but under tho careful nursing of his seconds he just staggered up, and Wormald planting his left twice without any tvttirn Iia tens in nvlintiatod that lin a/mn .An. TaII without a blow asWorraald came rushing nt him. An anneal was nude respecting his getting down, but aildincusslon was put an end to by the sponge being thrown' up In token of defeat, aud Joe Wor mald was balled Champion of England alter fight Ing IS rounds In 37 minutes. KEMAUKS. The extraordinary ease with which Joo Wor mald achieved this victory leaves but little oppor tunity for ub to enlarge upon the Incidents of the hattlo In our usual remarks. That it was a good fight In the usual acceptance of the expression is untrue, but that it wan unusually satisfactory all will. agree, Innsrauch as it was unattended with any unpleasant cuntrdempt \ wai fairly fought out from first to last, nud without tlm smallest scintilla of a doubt that the best mau won. From the mo ment the combatants held up their hands, almost berare Wormuld hud made his first delivery. It was clear that every point bnt strength Marsden w/is overmatched, Joe's quickucss of action seemed to unset Andrew's calculation, and he appeared com pletely bothered,' A very taw hits continued first Impressions, ' and none but the greatest duuecs after tho second round, thought Andrew had a ghost oln chance, barring an, accident. Ills laiosv Fedgo of the art ofself-defcuce was evidently ol flic most superficial nature, nud .Too was accordingly able to plant on him almost with perfect Impunity. Marsden has some slight knowledge of wrestling, but even this was set ut naught In most Instances hy the coolness of Arorranld, who. Instead of spending lil« strength In vain struggles for a doubtful advantage, contented himself by using both mawleyg at closo quarters, until be was thrown or until Marsden saw lit tc looee his hold. Marsden straggled bravely ngalnst almost certain defeat, and liu deserves nil praise, from hfs friends for his determination In maintaining thehoi;elessi,tru''l(. That he is ever destined to hold a high position* in the P.U. we think is extremely, unlikely1; '''ij ?to0 old to learn, and Ids business as a publican Is one anything but ca culatvd to foster the qualities mo»| requisite in a boxer. In addition to science helacks one other qualification, 'devil.' He acrou able to take punishment passively, but there-Is not that amount of perseverance In tho face of it thai bespeaks the boxer 'totheiiuinnerboni.' Helms liad'liui wish, however, he has llo wn at oncoathlgb game, and has met with signal defeat; butnltliougli that defeat has been of such a summary' nature as must convince him 'jj.-llio mistake he has made as to his powers, it onnnot be said it has been attendee wltlr dlogracc. We. hope for bin own sake his friends jvlll not. flatter him. Into a heiltr that the King Is hls/orte, but that they will allow him oucJ more to return to his business 'at Nottingham, and Bliow him by their patronage thuro 'that they fully appreciate all he haa endeavoured to do to pleusc. them. Tho sum ot L« was ooltajtea for. him on the ground, wbioh we ^ope will -e largely added to when the money Is riven up. ne\ris of course much chap/allcn at hfi defeat, and It was evident th»t the fact gave him more naln than the punishment lie had suffered. As to J,c said punishment. It was at first thought t was of a far more severe nature than was really the case. He was removed to .town with all speed, and every care was bestowed on him by his mentor, [Job Travers. He had a warm bath and other com orts and In the evening had recovered much or hfs equanimity. Of course his nob was swollen a good dial, but lie did not complain so much of this as be did of his arm, which it appears he had seriously niurcd In one or two struggles on the ropes, nnd which now gave him great pain. On Thursday morning, we are glaf to say, ho had become sufficiently himself to be afce to return to bis own Bob Travers was scarcely less chagrined than his principals- be had evidently been induced to expect lomethWfar better fromthereports he had heard, and we are by no means surprised at his being so cbaprallen on finding out the mistake heliad made. It Is somewhat surprising that he should have been at all san'mlne, as nls man never gave him an op portunity of seeing him perform with the gloves, and we suspect it will be a longtime before fie will again be caught napping aud taking the opinion of worse judges than himself upon such a question as that wblcfihas led to his disappointment. Ilehas bought his experience dcarfy, but we trust the patronage ofbls old friends willBOon enable him to recover-bis lost ground. Of Wormald weean scarcely speak In too high terms. He fought irom first to last with the greatest copl nc«9 and good temper. lie listened to tho advice, of his seconds with composure, and acted on it with the utmost fang /raid, lie is certainly the cleverest big one we have seen for many years, and -cin' a well-tried game one, will have himself alone to blame should he allow temptation to over-, come him, and so, by losing all chances of health and condition, put an early finish to a career which has opened under such excellent nusplccs. lie has. much improved In skill and strength since he ou-ht] lies, and tha manner in which he finished thi? battle out of band will no doubt act as a caution to anyone In the profession who may havo formed an Idea of wresting his position from him. On bis return to town he was oi course made the hero of the hour, and the flattery of his friends soon put htm on unusually good terms with him self. It was natural that on arriving at one bound from comparative poverty, to the top or the tree he should for the time give way freely to the t«mp tations of the hour, but we sincerely nope that a little rcflcctfon will soon soften him down, and . that he will not allow himself to be led aslray into « those paths which cannot but ruin his constitution and too quickly render him Incapable of maintain ing the position which he has gained, to the rctcn tion of which he doubtless looks forward with o proportionate degree of pride. ? ' All being over, the company lost no time In find ing their way back to the metropolis, which was reached soon after midday, everyone being well satisfied, even after the two days' wandering, at having witnessed aTnerry mill, however ehort and one-sided it had been. 