WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. SIXTH DAY. THIS stationing committee met at the hour appointed, and continued their sitting until 1 p.m. At 2 j p.m. the Conference met. The roll was called and prayer was offered by the Rev. Edward King. The ex-president the Rev. James Buller, read an obituary notice of the ministerial life and happy death of the late Rev. Nathaniel Turner, which was adopted by the Conference. The secretary read the minutes of the preceding day's business, The President stated that the first draft of the stations was ready, and requested the Secretary to read it to the Conference. It was read without remark. On the motion of the Rev. J. G. Millard it was resolved by the Conference that the stations be read a second time, and that discussion be taken thereon. Several of the recommendations of the stationing committee were considered, and the Conference adjourned, to meet on Friday at 10 a.m. In the evening the President of the Conference (the Rev. J. S. Waugh) preached the official sermon, in York-street chapel. The rev. gentleman took for his text the words-" He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire", (Matthew iii., 10 words which were stated to be part of the testimony borne by John the Baptist to the Saviour. The promise of the baptism of fire was fulfilled at the day of Pentecost, and it was also a standing promise to the end of time the prediction had long since passed into Christian history)-, and was still being verified in daily acts of grace. Reading the text in the light of the fulfilment of the prediction, the first great lesson taught was this- that it was our Divine Saviour's special prerogative to baptize with the Holy Ghost He, by His atoning death procured the gift of the Spirit, and it was His right to bestow it. The text also indicated the mode and character in which the baptism of the Spirit was bestowed by Christ. We now looked for no external splendour in connexion with this bestowment ; but the baptism of the Holy Ghost, though unseen to mortal eyes, still came down to believing and expectant hearts,. Its operation was, to burn up the dress of sin, and to cleanse . the inner parts ; all who were baptised with fire experienced a moral transfiguration ; they were conformed to the character of the Divine Spirit whom they received. 4 The rev. gentleman then dwelt upon the effects produced by the descent of spiritual baptism in the early ages of Christianity, and also in the present day and proceeded to point out who were the subjects of this gracious baptism. The promise was not for those who steered their hearts against its heavenly influences ; but it was for every faithful one who trusted in the once crucified but now exalted Mediator, and it specially included all workers. for Christ. The preacher, in conclusion, urged with much earnestness on those present to seek a large baptism of the Holy Ghost, as the great need for themselves, for their families, and for the Churches. At the close of the service the ordinance of the Lord's Supper was administered to the ministers present, and to a considerable number of the lay members of the Wesleyan body. 