DIGBY. (raow one own conarssPonaDNT.) March 5th, 1865. Being unable to accept the invitation to the laying the foundation stone of the church of the Holy Trinity, Coleraine, I could not send you a report of the pro ceedings, but I should have sent you one ere this had not the notice kindly forward ed by a gentleman who was present, mis carried; however, I aru sure your readers will peruse with much pleasure, the follow ing brief summary of the events of the day taken from the Church Gazette, contain ing as it does a portion of Dr. Beamish's admirable address. On Wednesday, the 8th February, this pretty town was the scene of a very interest. ing ceremony, the laying, in all due form, the cornerstone ofa pearish church. The weather, which on Tuesday hid been cold with frequent rainy squalls, cleared up, and was esquisitely fine, so that the inhabitants bad, for their holiday in the height of an Austra lian summer, weather only to be matched for softness and brillancy by a "pet-day" in England. A large number of persons being mustered on the site which adjoins the school, and the neceasary preparations being comn plete, the service began by the reciting at the 132nd Psalmn; then was read part of the 3rd chap. of Ezra; the 100th Psalm (old version) was aung with excellent effect by the whole assemblage; this was followed by a lesson from the ard chap. of let Corinthians. The Rev. Dr. Russell, having offered prayer, announced that he was about to lay the corner stone of a church, to be dedicated to the Most Blessed Trinity, and read the following inscription, whbion, with coins of the r,.alm, were let into the atone i [The Cross.] Lapis-Angularia Templi in Sacro-eSncts et InJividue Trisitatis honorem Sexto die ante Februarii meusi Idaas, MDCCCIXV. An. Dani. Posits est a Fransieco Russell, J.uris Cananici Doctors, coram lohan. McConochie, Georg. Trangmar, Rober. Campbell. D. IlMcKebery-que. Custodibus quorum fidei res Eclesis in boo looe commimss; multis aliis simul suppliciia auia adjuvanthbua. Carols hujus Diocegis primo Epiacopo, J. W. Fox, opifice. IJon M'Conochie, Esq., on behalf of the ladies of the parish, presented a silver trowel, elegantly chased, to Dr. Russell as a token of the interest wiich they bore in this good work, and a mark of the esteem and affection in which he was held; and the gift having been suitably acknowledged, the Rev. Dr. declaring that his ministry had extended over a period of fifteen sears among then,, and that he always met with personal kindness andi respect for his office fron all classes and denominations, he advanced to the stone, which lay poised under the shadow of the British ensign, pronouncing the wrds, "I lay this as the foundation and corner ,tone of a perish church, to be built in this place, dedicated to the Most Holy antd Unidivided Trinity, and to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic faith, which we believe and confess, in the name of the Father, and of the son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." Then saying the "Treis-Agion," he called uponall to repeat the Apostle' Creed, and to unite in the £ead'e Pro?er. Pe rayer was made for the Churcb,. for the ~ Queen, for Unity ; that grace might be given us seriously to lay to.heart the great danger d of the unhappy divisions imong Christian people; that all hatred and prejudice, lod te whatsoever else may hinder us romn Godly e union and concord, be taken out of the way ; n that as there is but One body, and One spirit, t and One hope of our calling, One Lord, One w faith, One Iaptiem,-4)e God and "Father-o us all, so may we all be of one heart, -urited at in One Holy bond of Truth and Pea&, of Faith and Charity ; then special supplication y was made for God's blessing up,,n the work. At the conclusion, the Rev. Dr. a Bearnish addressed the assembly. He drew a e contrast between an old oommunity resting upon its traditions, and often only faintly repeating its former glories, and a young country springing into lite, caring little tor the past, intent upon the present, and con \- fident of its future. He pointed out the e foundation of the greatness and prosperity of t nations-Israel resting under the shadow of ,t the Almighty-Rone, ;n her palhmy day, Ssteadfat to order and truth, and the purity of domestic lite-Englansd, with her well-regu Inated freedom, enterprise, sincerity, and al. legiance to God and His word; and be hailed i with satisfaction every effort to assimilate t Victoria to the mother country, and to make her not as a bough lopped off the sturdy oak, but a scion containing within itself the prin. cilles of a real growth and true lit;; and of all her institutions England's chiefdlory-hsr firmest stay-is her national Church, which, notwithstanding the apathy of a past age of Y little religious feeling, has in some measure e succeeded in, and ever striven after, the union s of all classes- rich and poor-high and low- nne with another-in the House of God, Who is no respecter of persons. He hoped that the chuach when built would not be as a blot and blemish in the landscape (perhaps of its kind the most glorious the eye ever rested 1 on), but that it would lend a grace and moral t dignity to the unrivalled scenery of the I beautiful valley ofat Coleraine. The day was ftast declining when men thought that they served God better by ugly structures than by rearing to His honour the most perifet work their minds could devise and hands find to do. It was daily more and more recognised that God has implanted tastes as well as s judgment, that we have senses as well as souls; and just as some are offended at discordant sounds and disagreeable odours, so the taught eye demands harmony of colours and beauty of proportion; and, so far as it can be done, we should aill to offer unto God our best and choicest. Everything belonging to God's worship should be such as to impress the mind through the sense; there sbould be nothing to jar against the movements of the Spirit. In past years the reverend gentleman had often conversed with the first discovererof the Waun. on district, Sir T. Mitchell, and he remembered how his e)e kindled as he expatiated upon the loveliness and richness ofthe scenery. It is surely, then, but their bounden duty, whose lines had fallen in such pleasant places, to ren der unto God the return of a church well. fashioned and fitly-framed, where those who entered within its courts might worship the Lord in the beauty of holiness. To perform every good work, men must give labour, and time, and selt-denial. Dives and Abrabham were both very rico; the one led an easy, selfish life-nothing worse is told of him ; the latter, devoted to GOid, was ready at His word to sacrifice his dearest earthly treasure. The former now lifts up his eyes, being in torment; the bosom of tie latter represents the abode of the Saints in bliss. Choose ye whom ye will in.itate in life, with whom ye will have your portion in death. for be assured God is not mocked, for that a man soweth that he also shall reap. He expressed a hope that the church when built would be thronged by devout worshippers : for the company of true believers associated in the name of the Lord, these, and not the building, are most properly the Church. He bade them remember that the Church of Christ is Catholic; she opens wide her boosurn to receive every believer, it matters not whether Calvinist or Armenian, pre-Millennian orpost-hMillenniau, high Sacramentarian or low Sacramentarian, Sabbatarian or non-Sabbatarian, those who regard as essential to the being of a church an apostolic succession, or those who look upon ordlination as a matter of discipline and well-being, those who hold by a verbal and syllabic inspiration of the Bible, or those who esteem Holy Scriptures as containing all things necessary to be believed in order to eternal life, if in sincerity we can take within our lips the words of the Apostle's creed we may still call the Church our Mother. Those present were invited to join in sing. ing that hymn, which, from the earliest ages, in all lands and in almost every variety of tongue, has given utterance to the longing desires of Christ's Church militant here on earth : "Jerusalem ! my happy home, Nams ever dear to sue." The service was brought to a close by the Benediction. In the after part of the day a great con course of rejoicing children, and young men and maidens hardly less jubilant, and older and wiser (if not sadderr folk met in the Koroite paddock, kindly lent by Mr. Kerr, and there was celebratel the annual school feast. The scene was that of a genuine English village merry-making. Booths, and long tables spread with every variety of sweet meats, swings, end a famous Christmas tree with 300 gifts. All seaumed thoroughly to enjoy themselves and to enter into the gaieties of the day to the fullest of their bent. It was whispered that toe exertions of the managers-their long vigils and perpetual motion in preparing and distributing stores of good thing, were aisme thing to appal easy-goers, and were, indeed, a "labour of love." But surely they had a rich reotard in seding the satisfaction and joy which lighted up every face. It was reckoned that there were two hundred children present, and between three and four hundired perusons altogether, when the childlrea-rich and poor-simrple and gentle-all gaily dressed in holiday garb, stood up in a circle and with hands joined, "Around the Tihroneof God," and aflterwarls " God &ae; the Queen." Many, we doubt not, as they regarded the beautiful escene with softesed hearts, received it asa happy omen, that is Coloraine might grow upj a comsunity bound together by mutual kindnes--pious, and loyal, and true. The Lord Bishop of Melbourne and Mrs. Perry are expected here on Tuesday, when the former will preach in St, John's Church. 