THE WAR IN AMERICA.^ We give the following telegraphic intelligence i ihe . progress! of the war in America, although in .news hat to some extent been anticipated b\ !?? intelligence received via California. We..(.;un;i trom.the Evening Express ut -2nd of Noveinb- . : — : ... New York, 20.ii October, uio: Ln^,' Hood is retreating southwards. One v.'rj.a - , Piice has captured Glasgow, ami ii: ,i it.uiuv - !-: iirn-Vj'vrHthJs nmv assuming for;... -fyic i--y\ ,-[? it». K \\-- ..' . ',''??' .... ??' t ».. i r.v.h -h'a .'?-!. -va'aeu vV tfcieru Kentucky. ' 1 *siu) -i.ve .armed, -then arrived at St. Alban's ...i.iin., robbed; the bauk, killed two citizenB, i a. aUi'iwards.Jeit in the direction of Canada. i i.o) are supposed to be Southerners from Canada. 1 resident Lincoln has made a speech stating that sume persons have construed Seward'6 remarks into a threat tbat if be (Mr. Lincoln) was defeated in the Presidential election he would do what he could to ruin the Government. .Others interpret, the fact of the Chicago convention not adjourning sine die as an intimation that if their nominee were selected he will at opce seize the control of the Government. The people need not be uneasy en the latter point, since their will constitutionally expressed, must b& law for all. . The steamer Reanoko is reported to have beea capturad by the Confederate Lieutenant Brain, who tokk her to Bermuda, where he landed the passen gers, and burned the Roaneke off the harbour. Afterwards, Lieutenant Brain returned to Bermuda with his crew in boats, when he was arrested by the British authorities. - . ?'' Quebec despatches state that the conference had deeided on confederation, which will be submitted to the existing Parliament without direct reference to the public. New York, 21st October, evening. Sheridan reports that on the 19th tbe enemy at tacked hi» army at Cedar Creek before daylight, turning and driving most of his line in contusion, and capturing twenty guns. . Sheridan hastened from Winchester, found the army between Middle town and Newton -driven back four miles, formed a compact line of battle in time, and repulsed the enemy's attack at one o'clock in the afternoon. After three o'clock Sheridan attacked the enemy, drove and routed him, capturing fifty guns, in* eluding those previously taken by the Confederates. Unofficial advices state that the attack upon Shel IuaTi'r Arm * was majin Ktr T.nnmrrijot ^u.!n» a dense tog before daylight. The Federals wtresur. priced, and their left completely turned. -They fl d in disorder, abandoning their breastworks and twenty-four gun*. Sheridan then rallied his troops,^ ?tacked tho Confederates, drove them from Middle town across Cedar R«.in the cavalry pursuing them beyond Fisher's Hills. Confederate Gene-al RamBeur was killed. The Federal General Bidewell was killed, aad? General Wright, Grover, and Ricketts were, wounded Sherid n captured 1600 prisoners. :5 The cu.r:spoudent of the New York Rerdld estimates the losses of Sheridan at 5000 men. Stanton reports that the telegraph U working 'to'' Atlanta. Southern despatches indicate that Hood is about to oliange bis 1 a;e of operations to North Alabama, where he will be joined b/ Beauregard, for th'e , prosecution of the campaign against Hautsville, ' Alabama. . :.. ? ,-'^-- Southern jou-nalsco: tin e to lepresent Sherman?^ ( position sucii that the e-acuatiou of Atlanta maj^ daily be txpected. Price reports from the east of Black water River... ... that Rusencranz wa- marching against him. ? A Federal force has been concentrated at Kansas ; city to attack Price. . , The guerillas who entered St. Albans Vermont, . have bt-eu mostly captured, and the money re covered. The Canadian authorities assisted in arresting them. «~ ? ,-. Extraordinary Scene. — Preparing for Death. — On Tuesday morning last, at on early hour, a Oremony of a very peculiar character', occurred at tha West Broinwich Cemetery. At ' about six o'clock Mr. George Wilksan octogenarian. : politician, who had been taking a leading part in - affairs of a local nature for many vears, accompan ied by a few, private friends, assembled for tha purpose of laying ths first stone of the grave inten- - dVil for the reception of his remains ' when he has ; shuffled iff this mortal coil.' The early hour at . w.hicn' the ctiremeny took place prevented any assemblage of the inquisitive, which Mr. Wilks' notoriety would bav» oeen sure to have produced . especially as, alter a spirited contest, he has a»ain been returned a member of tbe board of guardians. Mr. T P Broutfh, a fellow gBardian. and the Fidus Achates of the expectant deceased, was selected to perform tbe ceremony, and was presented with an elaborate silver trawel, whicb had been expreisly ? manufactured for the occasion by Mr. T. Brough, junr., of Howard street Birmiuguam. Mr. Brough, ' having received the trowel, after the usual form li ties had been performed, read the following addresB ' in a veiy impressive mauner :— ' Iu the name of the - ratepayers of West Biouiwich I do hereby lay the ' first brick of the tomb of our dearly beloved and esteemed patriot, George Wilks, and we beseech Thee, O Lord, tbat the little time he lias to live in this world, he may live in the fear and love of God, ' &o; that in his last moments he may be able to say, ' All is well, all is well,' tnd may his noble spirit ascend to tbat place where all is love and harmony ?7-Heaven — and be able to exclaim, 'All is well.' '' O Lord, we beseech Thee to fill this tomb with lbs love of the Holy Ghost.'' AUer the ceremony h»d - concluded, those in attendance received the sacra- , merit.?- Birmingham Gazette. The Convict RoupELL.—Tho Porchester transport vessel, was under orders to leave the ; Royal Victualling Yard. Deptford, on Tuesday, to call at tbe convict prisons o: Chatham, ' Portland, aud Portsmouth, to embark 300 con- ; victs fur Auokland, New Zealand. William ? Roupcll was to have got e ou- in the Porcheuter, »ut it is stated his stay in Eu-jland is necessary in Iconnecti .n with the property affected by the I eoeut forgeries. He is at present employed in die Extension Works at Cnatham, and may be seen daily as a common labourer, dressed in a : .jrey coarse cou vict suit, using a spade or u qkaxa, getting stone, or yoked with other ' tovicts to a carf, iu connection with the works ?oW progressing for the eulargtment of the OlVa ham Dockyard. . '. iiife ^Late l Fathee Ignatius Spencer-— A ? jolj sun Office and High Maaa weie celebrated on. J.0 oay ut Mount Ar^uSj-Harold'a-cross^ for' the '.* -eiioae of the ecul of the late Fa'.her fgnatiufl. ?* i';.' R/v. Father Cnar»ei officiated as High. Priest, -? y cell brain, assisted by the .Rev. Father Joseph ; as 'Deacon, and the Rtv. Father Lawrence us Bub deacon. The entire bretharn of the* Cuiximunily of Blessed Paul's Retreat were present with the ' si u Jen. i, and a number of the neighbouring Clergymen, amongst whom we observed Rev. Father Clarke; Rev. Father Beatley j Rev. Father Nqwlan, Rev. Father Albar, Rsv. Fa-her Celestine, ReV. Father MEvoj, &c.;— Freeman. 