PROFESSION AT THE HOUSE OF THE fcftUm I GOOD SHEPHERD. * On last Saturday morning one of those moat interesting and edifying ceremonies took place at the Convent of the Good Shepherd. His Grace the Archbishop, who had lately returned from the Western districts with renewed health, was able to undergo the fatigue of the ceremony, Wha l-nonntinn and iSrnfestsinn of nuns ara aIvvavh attended with much solemnity and viewed by the world with the greatest interest. On the present occasion three young ladies, natives of the colony, having undergone the required noviciate received the black veil and made their solemn tows as nuns of the Good Shepherd. These young ladies names were, Miss Haynes, in religion Sister Mary Margaret, Miss Oaulfield, in religion Sister Mary Placid, and Mias Dono van, in religion Sister Mary Austin. The pro fession took place in the Convent Chapel in i presence of several of the clergy, the whole com s munity of nuns, the penitents, and several \numbers of the laity. Shortly after nine o'clock /the procession of the nuns entered the chapel ' headed by the cross bearer, the last being the three sisters about to be professed. An interes ting feature in connection with the ceremony ' was the presence in the procession of three little girls aged about six years, dressed all in white, and wearing wreathes of flowers on their inaocent foreheads, and beaming in their hands the form of consecration used in the profession, which is made immediately before receiving holy communion. Happy ohildreD, so priviligedabove all others, to take part in so solemn a profession. The ceremony will no donbt remain a great spot in their minds throughout life. Immediately after the nuns oame the clergy and his Grace the choir in the meanwhile singing the ' Bmitte ' Spiritum.' When the ArchbiBhop was robbed he began mass and proceeded till the end of the gospel, when the Kev. .Father Dillon having ascended the steps of the altar delivered the following most impressive sermon. .V Every one th.it leaveth house or brethern, or *' sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or ^./ ^{/idren, or lands, for my name's sake shall '- 'receive an hundred fold, and shall possess life everlasting.'' Catholicity only, my brethern, could exhibit the noble spectacle we have here to-day assem bled to witness. ' Ever ancient and ever new'' like the source from -which it springs, being the sole representative— the perpetual incarnation of Christ upon the earth the Church must in every age and amongst every people and under every possible combination of circumstances prove her title to the full and undivided in heritance of all the promises of the Redeemer unswerving adherence to his teachings, but by furthermore shewing them that his highest and holiest counsels find among her children a practical response. ' If thou will enter into life' aaid Jesus ' keep the commandments'' and forth with his followers in the true faith have been unequalled in that work. ?? If thou will be my disciple,' spoke the same voice ' sell all thou hast, leave father, mother, brother, sister, house and land' and a virgin ' obedient even unto death follow me ;' and behold from the be ginning the Church of God was ever graced with thousands who trampling under foot the allurements of flesh and blood, who despising the sarth, its wealth, its esteem, its pleasure, sought in the cross their truest joy — that hun dred fold given — infallibly given, during this mortal sojourn and obtained in the after life when the misery of the worldling commences that mead of unspeakable joy known to us as Ufa eternal. This latter high inheritance, this fulness of promise, this perfect possession of God on earth belongs I say to Catholicity O-ily. la schism its painted counterfeit may load a life of death — in heresy it is utterly extinguished. Varied in form, in essence, the same, its mighty spirit formedeven in the earliest times those clusters of fervent Christiana which as a great pagan authority informs us sang 1 constantly the praises of their God, It filled the deserta of Lybia and Upper Egypt with solitaries and peopled with innumerable eiis ciplss wherever persecution permitted tho3e Vast schools of sanctity, the monasteries of the East and of the West. Varied inform, in ea sence the same it adapted itaelf with wonderful pliability to every occurring necceasity of the «nuroh, to every spiritual and temporal nead of ita members. Whon the darkness of barbaric heathenism overspread the nations of Northern Europe it sent from its hallowed retreats men who like Patrick and Augustine, Boniface and Coluinbanus won them to Christianity. It surrounds with a halo of immortal light the monastic houaeB of our ancestors, tne glory o» the England, and of the Ireland, and ot the oootland of the past lies largely and deep in the ▼alue of these hallowed institutions, where mea and women saints of God led lives of .contem plation, prayer and peace beneath the saving shadow of the Cross. Tuen in all ita splendour Nourished this mighty principle of our faun 5 and even at this distance of time do we not q\\* perience a holy joy*— a feeling of awe blended with consoling solemnity as while reflecting that we are identified with them in religion we dwell upon the wonderful deeds and saintly lives of a Brigid and a Walburga of a Cuthbert and a Co emgeaus and contemplate the wondrous works they or their disciples wrought as unfolded by the historic traditions or seen in the vast mo~ nastic remains of our fatherlands. A cloud indeed came o'»er this fair feature of the past, but the spirit itself so full of beauty and holiness was never to depart. In later times it formed for the church the song of St. Francis and St. Ray mond, of St. Dominic, and St. Ignatius, and when the world ever changing grew more hard hearted if less barbarous it gave to the world the sons of St. Alphonsu3 and the daughters of St. Vincent de Paul. And never shall that spirit die, no matter how strong the hope or earnest the endeavour of its adversaries. Like the church itself its foundations rest upon the words of the Redeemer, that is upon the power of God. Like the church too it must suffer the full force of antagonism and unrelenting enmity, for of the church it is the firmest bulwark. Again and again even as the church it has suffered partial extinction in localities, but like the church only to re. appear again there or elsewhere in renewed splendour, usefulness, and power. It fell in our fatherlands before the fury of a despot, and presently as if by conseqnence the entire Christian fabric of a thousand years building fell with it. It fell in France before the deeds of a Parliament, and instantly altar, throne, and nation were overwhelmed in infidelity, plunder, and blood. But with the church it arose again in all these nations. And now my brethren while what some call the intellect and the pro gress — alas with what light Satan surrounds himself — but what in reality means the vinbri. died vice, the secret apostacy, and the unscru pulous, because interested hate of many among the degenerate sons of the oldest nations of our faith in assailing the temporal citadel of our holy Father, try first to pull down these venerable foundations of their farvent ancestors. While Catholic Italy following in the wake of the Catholic Peninsula disperse from their holy retreats the consecrated servants of their God, is it not a happiness and a glory that we in these new and distant lands are to day engaged in building up what they so ruth lessly endeavour to destroy. Here too, where not half a century ago a solitary Catholic Mis3ioner could find no space in all this wide expanse to minister to his suffering brethren. Here where to the recollection of living men, the footprints of a Catholic Priest were deemed pollution to the soil and a forced exile was the reward of his labors, we now find the church of God not merely tolerated— not merely in exis tence — but supreme in its unity and strength above all the surrounding sectaries already decked and yet atill clothing herself with what ever renders her venerable and fair in ths histories of elder nations. Little sarely could Father O'Flynn, that broken hearted missioner have imagined as he left for ever the waters of Port Jackson, what a speedy and magnificent destiny awaited the handful of desolate con victs left sorrowing behind him. Had he then turned to his petty tyrants and said, ' I go indeed, but bufore your generation passes, you shall have here despite your power not owe priest but hundreds. The cross you hate shall crown superb cathedrals in all your rising cities. The venerable hierarchy of the churoh shall arise in your midst in all its ancient great ness, churches in whicn the sacrifice you forbid shall be offered, shall be spread far and wide even to the uttermost bounds of your growing nations, and from out your homes shall come those who leaving father, mother, bouse and land stiall seek beneath the saving influence of religion the portion of my orucified master. Had he thus spoken who would have believed him, and yet all this and far more than this has come to pass. And here to-day my brethren still carrying on the mighty work we behold the Venerable Chief Pastor under whose auspices and in whose one eBpiscopate all thia was accomplished. Aud easy it would bo to dwell at length upon this pleasing tbeme, did the nature of our subject permit its furher treatment, but my brethren of all that has fe .en done and in the founding of the several churches;, greater things no doubt have been done, yet j do believe that no work more racy of this nev| soil,- more calculated for permanent f fiat and constantly increasing good baa been tcai^vtd than the successful foundation of that institute! whose steady and acknowledged increase w$ have this day the privilege of witnessing,. The institute' of the Good Shepherd was founded by our Archbishop not many year* back, yet none know better than he does that the work was no: his. He was but the earthly instrument, from God came the inorease. Placed over a church of many, peculiar, and great necessities, the work foroad itself naturally upon his thoughts, and with the example of ancient and modern religious bodies before Urn, and a long experienae of all that here way be ui» ??!?—— -nwwiBrj;iw \h£mu wire1 */*} -~-jt?' -n'i r^Kwn~nr~ii«HitTiiHr '*** ~*~ 'T-~ir— ~~~~Tim 5 peculiar in th« growing national characteristic, he wag enabled to xvoigh ita need in the balance of the sanctuary And the consequence is an institute from ^hioh none who ever wore its habit have recede;!, and which ia unsurpassed in the good it baa of/acted for the penitent, -;he destitute, tho affliced, the orphan, and theunin» structed of thia larpo and sinful city. Already it is spreading far over the land in ita mission of blossednesa. Already it has far more than realised the most Bsaguine expectation that could be formed in its regard, and the most wordly and indifferent amongai; us freoly admit that 'tha fioger of God is with it.' ? This then is the work of our unalterable Catholicity — a work which it alone can aocomplasj- and which it does before our eyes aocomplislpf:i a community, freah from a gold fever and a.W'i eager in the pursuit of vanity and of wealth. But leaving, my brethern, those external, and in relation to the church in other countries peculiar lights in which the progress of Catholicity in our midst may be viewed, let us corns to the more intimate, per sonal, svnd spiritual relations of thia day's solemn ceremony. And in the first place let lis behold rfh&i; foundations such as theso do for us. We are often apt to tbink that tho reign of grace, such.a3 it once was, is ended. Eemeuibar this cannot be for the Holy Ghost has been pro mised to ' abide with the church for ever.' These were, no doubt, periods of great sanctity and sacrifice and v?e naturally love to linger on their sacred recollections — those blessed periods when every household was filled with religious observance and every family had one or many members ia the perfection of monastic life. When Princes, prolatoa ana nobles excited no surprise in descending from thoir lofty estate to erobraeo tho abjection of tha racluse. When Bolituda, silent prayer and holy psalmody filled the happy days of thousands of men and women, when everj town, yea, oveu ev-jry parish and hamlet- possessed its one or many convents, the sanctification of their inmates, tha sure asylum for tho persecuted, /jhe stricken and the poor, ?when every holy sfomie had its votaries and every highway folt ';hu pressure of the pilgrims j stop. KiV.en the high aud enlightened spirit of ! saviiii;''-Jatholieity pervadad all from the mon arch to tho peasant. These were the happy day3 of faith, and some say they are past for ever. ' But no. my brethren, I have said that Catholicity like the Daity is ever ancient and ever new. Beautiful as ia the aspect of the ageB of faith their religious spirit is never ab sent from the church. In the earliest -times it dwelt, as St. Arabroaa iniorma us, in the depths of the Christian family when thousands lived virgins all the days of their lives. There it produced St. Agnes, St. Cecily, St. Agatha, St. Anastatia, and numberless others in the midst of p. crushing paganism. And now different in form — different Irom the earlier times when it dwelt in theunaocludod world, different from the mediceval times whou it seldom issued from the cloister, it dwells tha aacue in essence but in a manner suited to ita own day, blending in beau tiful harmony the works of Martha and of Mary — the earlier necessary Intercouraa with the world for the world'a good with the seclusion of later times— coniomplation with exertion and yat in all aiming at tha never ohanging, Jesus whom they serve in holy rules of poverty, chastity and obediottco. To the great heart and boundless sympathy of St. Vinoent de Paul is the church indebted tor this happy blending of saintly duty in the case of religious women. He introduced tho principle which the princes of God'a church have seen fit at various times to moderate according to th8 exigences of their several churches. In Ireland and in England it assumed in time tha form of the sisterhoods of Mercy and of Charity, etc., and here in a still more missionary country where a single corn ea unity aught rof'Msa no work connected with tbo honor of its spou«a it h»s assumed a readi* nese to do ail, and tfvery good it may be required to do uudor the safe direction of the ordinary. It feeds tb.« hungry, and takes tha orphan in, it shields f,he liitlo oasa from every danger, and high above all in thia einful ago it affords refuge to tha aheUerleaa-— to those against whom tho worldhaa doepjy sinned yot looks upon as only sinning, and against whom it too often clones ita heart of steel — the fallen aud unfortunate of every grnde it soothes with moSherly enre, bringing them back again to tbsir fathers home to peace, to obaraoter, aud to sacurity0 Behold its work ai.d see the reason of ita happy name taken from ths qualify of ita apouso He lovod so much to give himseif, ' 1 am tne Good Shepherd. I know mine and nil ::e know mo,' ' I am the Good Shepherd vvh loKeth the one lost of a hundred and layeth d; ^ my life for my sheep.' Him it follows as a faithful humble handmaid ia all the many works of his mission amongst men What name could be more comprehensive 01 blossed than that of these good nuns Such then my brothern is this institution, such the hallowed ideas, the noble recollection of the past it brings lasktous by its mere txtemal contemplation. But these three virgins who this day shall have sworn the solemn dedica tion of their whole earthly b ;ing to the service of their God according to ita rule give to us a still more sublime subject for contemplation, as it will be to themselves and their sisters a lasting theme for remembrance in time and may ? we trnst for joy in eternity. In looking upon them to-day we behold the most sublime picture but one presented to us by Catholicity. Who ever looks upon the martyr at the stake or upon the gibbet sees that which only is superior to the act of Consecration solemn and awful to ba enunciated in presence of the Sacred Host and! in bearing of our venerable prelate by those who take Jesus in the Good Shepherd as their spouse for ever. And this because the church will not so have, it oannot be a hasty vow. For a lengthened period they have been inured to the strictness of the life they are to lead until death liberates them from the last dangers of frail mortality and crowns them with their final reward. The Btrength of the divine call went even before this. It found them in the gay at?d guilty world ' in it, but not of it' because the Eternal had marked them even from the be« ginning for his own. They heard that voice and no hindrance of flesh and blood could stay them from obeying it. The mighty wisdom of of Christainity came rushing in upon them telling them that all was vanity and affliction of spirit, and in the death of their most intimate acquaintances they found that ' nothing was lasting under the sun.1' In the language of the Eoyal Psalmist they heard it too, 'Hearkea 0 daughter and see and incline thine ear and the King will greatly desire thy beauty for be is the Lord.thy God and Him they shall adore,''— Recognising in this the religious vocation they at once prepared to leave father and mother and all that the world holds dear to follow a crucified Master. And well they knew what thia following implied. The portion of their spouse the Good Shepherd was one of labor without ceasing, beuerit without gratitude, prayer with out intermission, submission without defence, poverty without alleviation, obedience even into death — even as St. Paul says, ?? unto the death of the cross' in ono word se2f-abnegation carried to its ut'ermost limit, compatible with t ie duty undertaken to be discharged. Free'y they embrace that portion binding themselves for ever to it by His poverty, His obedience, His chastity His poverty they embrace by the most absolute and ent re enunciation of things. The poor habit tbev wtjar. the plain food they use to sustain the necessary amount of life and «X3rtion, the coffin iu winch they are to be interred can be none of them theirs — the mean* est pauper on the earth has something, but the S )on»e of Je&u3; Chiist has nothing whatever^ But the great rennnoiator proceeds yet farther. After all worldly things, parents, friends, pro-« perty, prospects of the future, retrospects of the past are all left, there yet remains a body and a soul, and these too must be immolated. By the solemn vow of chasti y the Spouae of Christ not merely consecrates by a bond of the most dread and inviolable fidelity her virginity of keart and mind as well as of body to God, but she also undertakes to gire up even lawful innocent gratifications — to crucify the flesh with its vices and concupiscence, well knowing that without all sacred guard the brightness of heavenly purity may bo dulled even in angelic nature. With the apostle of the Gentile* she must daily say, ' \ am crucified to the world and the world to me.' Tin re tore the saving restraints of the life long holy rule — the short sleep, the early rising hour, the never-to« ba omitted meditation, the morning mass, the sacred ptalmody, the reception and adoration of the spouse in bis mystic shrouding in the awful E icharist — the spiritual lectures, the constantly recurring retreats, the fastings and abstinoncea, the never ceasing round of labour, prayer and study that fill up the full measure of the days to be spent in God's earthly sorvice. All this aught surely suffice — a world so completely re nounced, a body so entirely subject and mor tified, labor go continual in the most intimate communion with God. But no, my brethren, as a great preacher the Abbe McCarthy ob jjerrea 'although the vovrs of poverty and! chastity have divested her of all things and immolated her, they hivenotauihilatedher' and yet if she be tue spouse of him ?? qui semeti/sttm exinanivit formam servi accipiem' ' who bath emptied himself take ; the torrn of a servant' she must do this. And this she does by the most difficult of all the vow.«, that of obedience By this she places all her actions at the direction of another leaving to herself in all that concerns her future life, neither judgement nor und. r standing, nor will. To toncn in tha schools, or to visit the sick, to perform tha moat meu'al offiaea of the bouse, or.tho most oxalted:,to speak, or to be silent, to work, or to pray, whatever ii to be done must be done without the slightest respeot for the feelings' of the doar, simply at the ordor of one wbo happens at the time to be the actual supericreaa, Behold tha sublimity of solf-renunciaiiou wi-ich theso spouses of Je&u3; Christ this day propose reaching ia .ation to God. a faith that can in yjbJime sacrifice and ..?rgins in this corrupted iny brethren what the and the wonder will bu many more do not make e that leaveth house or ^^^jn-TSioMWBj-v* »#tner, or Biotner, or wire, ' 'or' cnifdren, or lands for- aa^ name's sake shall 'receive an hundred fold and shall possess lite everlasting.*' Behold God has declared it. In leaving all things nothing is lost, much is gained. Evan in this life their reward shall be 'An hundred fold'* — in the next eternity. Here for the' world they have renounced, they gain that peace, that security, temporal and spiritual, that serenity that unspeakable holy joy which 'the world cannot give.' Alas and alas -what Sorrows, what pain and anguish, what sad change in circumstances, what secret caves usually fill tho cup of human misery with those vrhosV worldly destiny is esteemed by men. ^How many a bride is left soon a widow, 'Jtbtr many a wife neglected or deserted, . low many a mother drinks the cup of sorrowful ingratitude, how many heart rending sepera tions, how many who entered gayest upon the ^scene 01 tms me leave n dependent upon tne scarce bounty of the bleak cold world. Centup 2am acoipicet centv/plum accipicet; truly speaks the Good Shepherd. In Jesus they will find a . spouse whose love never grows cold, whom sickness or age cannot change, whom death Or distance cannot remove, and for whom to 'Suffer and to die is to gain eternity. Those ? who for His sake renounce all things shall gain 1 eves here ' an hundred fold.' Ab, if this reasoning — a reasoning it may of earth but yet a reasoning employed by God would strike strongly — mark, I do not say the subjects for this holy state — but the worldly minded parents, who are often the strongest barriers, — nay even the very death of a growing riligious vocation in their children's souls. Fond parents firp fnnnr? TOilKnor onnimli in r-lrmcrn flin nnrtrifr eial knife of worldliness deep into the hearts of their children and imoiolatejthem on the altar of their weak wisdom and pride who would grudge to the God that created them. Insanity surely this! and well I am pursuaded if many of these carnal thinkers looked butj a little better forward and considered the eventualities of a long — I will even say of a moderate life on the oae haud, and the^ hundred fold of the Redeemer on the other, well I am persuaded that this yet infant institute would soon still further spread its wings in blessedness upon the land, raising up Saints to God within the Convent walls, and elevating, enlightening, and enabling every element of our social condition. And now ? blessed sisters the last consideration I shall make will be for you. For you whose heavenly espousals, wbosa sacred baptism, whose life long immolation to God has commenced to day. It is not for me to tell you what are your future duties or how you must discharge them. All this you have learned in the holy noviciate from which you have just emerged. Already you have tasted some of the sweets of God's holy service and known how much better it is -.4o ' live abject in bis bouse than 1o dwell in the tabernacles of sinners.' You who have ' left and forgotten your people and your fathers 'house' to join the 'daughters of the great king' already know what the hundred fold of Jesus means. Tuere is yet for you another and a greater joy, the grand end for wbich you have laid the victim of your beings upon the altar. But Oh, remember that offering must be a holocaust — a whole burnt offering which is never accepted until the entire victim is consumed. ? You have indeed given yourself to God and are about to seal that gift in the most solemn man* p uer, but by far the mightiest vrork is yet before .you,— to persevere until the last sigh summons you to the second and greatest reward promised by your Spouse, — life everlastng. Man's life on earth is a warfare aud remember there is no state so high or so holy as to claim exemption from this rule. Trials and temptations incident ? to your great mission of charity and of mercy may assail you, drynoss may occasionally try the depth of your devotion, sickness and the sundering of the blessed bonds of holy sister hood by death may sorely try your patience. Even at this holy time it is not meet to put aside these and other dangers wherewith Satan ?will ever strive to mar your daily nearer ap proach to God. and to perfection. But behold for your consolation as you have this day freely given to God, so freely hath His blessed grace, like the dew from the heavens, descended upon you. Like St, Agnes in the holy office of the chuich you can to-day cry out, ' Depart from . me O food of death, for another spouso am I pre vented. He hath surrounded my right hand and my neck with precious atones, and hath given to my ears inestimable geins, he bath \- clothed me with a cloak interwoven with gold and with immense diamonds he had adorned me. Honey and milk I have received from ? his mouth and his blood hath adorned my ibreasC 'He hath encompassed me about witu , gems green and glittering.' All this though the language of the Church is but a poor attempt i to depict the graces with which Jesus has ? clothed you on this the day of your heavenly Buptials that so you may in after labor render ' .1 your sacrifice complete. Heavenly consolations '?! —the peace which the world cannot give, the joy of a good conscience will be to you far tetter than gems and diamonds — your saintly srules will be a cloak interwoven with gold Trhioh you are never to lay aside, ' Honey aud milk and the blood of the Lamb'' will be your daily sustenance from above and thus you will pass to that most glorious day in the life of a good religious — the day of death. Joy then, joy ineffable will be your portion, as accom .. panied by Mary the Mother that bore Him you ascend into the presence of your spouse, your 3iie filled with sacred deeds done iu His service. Then before yon will be the little ones you taugtn the erriug ones you brought agaiu into the forsaken ways of virtue, the ignorant yon instructed, the sfflioted yeu comforted, the sick you visited, the sorrowful you consoled. For yoar poverty there are for you the boundless riches of the Kingdom of God, for your abjec tion there is empire in the hearena, for your lowly habit a robe of splendour^foryourhumility a crown of glory, for your sorrows joy ineffable, tor your disquietude endless security for the earthly spouse you deserted Christ Jesus, God as He is in the full eplendour of His glory. O think upon it long, well, and ardently—all the happiness He hath prepared for you in the mansions of the blest. aNo earthly ear hath heard the melody tbatjiftere awaits you, no earthly eye hath jseeri -iift- fontold glory, no earthly imagination can conceive the gorgeous vistaof the boundleBB future where as ' star differing from star in glory,' you ' following the spouse whithersoever He goeth' shall ' shine with the just throughout perpetual eternities.' After the Sermon mass proceeded to the communion when the three sisters ascending the altar steps, and in presence of the Arch bishop holding the Sacred Host in the fingers, they eaoh in a clear and distant voice conse crated themselves to the service of God as nuns of the Good Shepherd, and took the three vows of poverty, charity, and obedience. Holv com* m union was then administered to them- Before mass was over His Grace clothed them with the black veil and gave them the ring, as a mark that they were wedded to their divine spouse Jesus Christ. Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament concluded the ceremonies of the day. We need not remind our readers that the con vent of the Good Shepherd is one of the most noble institutions of this city. The pious sisters devote themselves to reclaiming their fallen sisters and with a helping haud to raise them from the very depths -$ disgrace, when all the world has turned tftainst them. They iustruct the youth and ifernany cases visit the sick. Catholics should rejoice then when they hear of young ladies joining the ranks of these nuns, especially where they are natives of the colony as in the present instance. 