COLONIAL WINE. The manufacture of colonial wine has already become a very extensive buBines?. Thouafids of acres of vineyards have been planted in various parts of the colony, and we aro afraid to venture on an estimate of the number of tons of grapes which are annually produced. And great as is the present yield there can be but little doubt that in a very few years it will be doubled. Viencrons still continue to plant more vines. In whatever direction a traveller may proceed from the metropolis he will find smiling vineyards scattered around him on every side. This iB undoubtedly a healthy sign. It has been proved that South Australia is admirably adapted by soil and atmospheric conditions for the growth of vines of a superior 'quality. About this there can be no qaeefion. Every variety of grape yet tried has done well in Borne part of the colony. Our growers have been slowly learning by experience which will best answer their purpose, and they hate thus safely reached results which will guide them for the future. ; We are sorry, however, to bear complaints , from several quarters that a market cannot be found for the large quantity of wines which are annually manufactured, ' It is said that there are thousands of gallons ly tog in the cellars of the makers which cannot be sold, and that this has become a knoxa mwnyeaience to - person who have mvestettf capital and labour inklie buEineas. Though food wineawill undoubtocily improve hjjf teing^kepVit.is a simple fact that spmXof He mafitrfacturew' cannot afford to keep Ibempjand unless they can obtain a ready |!flrket fojjytheir^prodncettiey will have ,to abandon the trade and try something else (hat will pay better. This, we believe, is at the PJ5!SSLH9?SS*t %L PJ?£!^..dj2Jsyltj wb.ich_ presses, upon our?vignerons. They. can grow easily enough anyquantity of grapes and make wine-from -their crops - with a. little care and attentionj-but'when it is made it cannot be sold, andit lies on hand, unproductive stock. - It is worth enquiry, '.then, how thjs corijes to pass. It must be admitted, first of all, that a' great deal of very poor stuff has been made under the name of wine, which neither ought cor was likely to find a market. In the great majority of cases the manufacture of wine has been a tentative process. They who could grow a few acres of vines began without expe rience to make the produce into wine. The delicate manipulation 'which is -necessary was very 'slowly learnt, and whilst gaining pro ficiency in the art by experience a considerable quantity of wretched stuff was made which was neither bad wine nor good vinegar. Now i£ could hardly be expected that this would sell. The most enthusiastic- advocate for colonial productions could not help making a wry face on swallowing the unpalatable drink. He might try to persnade himself that the pure juice of the grape in any. form was better than the fiery wines of Europe, the heavy spirits in daily use, or the XXX of the colonial brewery. But his sense of taste protested against it, and after heroically trying to countenance by example -this new local industry, he had to give it up as a bad bargain. We are afraid that a great deal of mischief was done in the beginning by the questionable character of some of the earlier samples of colonial wine. A prejudice was raised against it which it was difficult to remove. We are far irom saying that this was the character of all the wines which were made in the first stages of the business. Some few manufacturers were able to produce at once respectable samples of good wine, and we have tasted some rare specimens) nine or ten .years old, which no gentleman need be ashamed to put upon his table. The art of winemaking has wonderfully im proved during the laet few years. Many of our vigneronB have brought intelligence and careful industry to bear on the manufacture with highly satisfactory results. It is easy enough now to obtain good wines from makers who have won a high reputation. But we are afraid that there is still a considerable quantity of trash manufactured and put into the market. After having having travelled somewhat ex tensively through the colony, wo confess that we have never in a single instance been able to obtain at country inns a glass of colonial wine fit to drink. How this oriies we are unable to say. We suppose the innkeepers are not very anxious to push the trade. Possibly the sale of ' nobblers' and beer is found to be more profitable than the Bale of colonial wine. But from whatever cause the fact may arise it is one to be much regretted. If publicans would lay themselves out for obtaining a good article and offer it at a reasonable price, pay at about half the cost of the sweet fiery sherry which as a rule is to be found at country innB, we are persuaded it would pay. But to compete with any chance of success with the usual ' drinks' asked for at these inns it must be good and cheap. We believp, top, that some of our moBt suc cessful manufacturers put too high a price upon their good wines. It will be a long time beforo people drink colonial wine as they drink port and sherry. The moderate wine« glass is used for the hitter, but a good-3lzed tumbler for the former. People feel that something like moderation ib necessary in drinking the expensive wines of Europe; but colonial wine is a simple affiiir, and a man would drink off a tumbler at a draught who would hesitate to go beyond a couple of .glasses of port or sherry. Good colonial wine, then, should be sold at a price which will enable a man to partake of it freely, and especially because as a summer drink, when mixed with water, it is perhaps the most wholesome of all tho intoxicating drinks. Our manufacturers should remember that they have in a large measure 'to create the taste for colonial wines ; that they have old tastes and prejudices to contend against ; and that if once they can create the taste and make their produce a necessity, after that they will be able to obtain remunerative prices. However excellent their wines may be, there are but few persons who would care to pay a guinea a dozen for it. Let good sound wines be sold for tenpence or a shilling a bottle, and a market would be obtained for it. We believe it would pay at that price ; and until the trade becomes firmly established the vigneron should be content with low prices and moderate profits. It is necessary, too, that all vexatious re strictions on the free sale of colonial wines should bo removed by Parliament. On moral grounds we believe such restrictions are not necessary, and for fiscal purposes, the returns are so small as to make the matter a mere bagatelle. For any small increase to the revenue which wine licences contribute it is bad policy to place restrictions on the trade. We are glad that the Government are about to deal with this subject during the present ses sion of Parliament, and we hope as the result of legislation increased facilities will be given for the sale of our native wines. It Li exceed ingly desirable, too, that some arrangements should be made, if possible, for the admission of colonial wines to tho other colonies at a low duty. The high charges in Victoria at present are practically prohibitive. And our Govern ment could hardly do a better work than to use all their influence to get theee charges reduced. We are in a position to state that a ready market for our high-class wines would be obtained in Melbourne if* the duty were lowered. But while feelbg the importance of this, we hold at the Bame time that our first Btudy ought to be to get our wines into more general use in our own colony. We are not very sanguine that they will ever entirely supersede imported wines and spirits or English and colonial ale; but that they will do this to a considerable extent there can, we think, be no doubf. The time will probably come, and that before long, when a large central Company will be established to take the sale out of the hands of the smaller growers, and by attention in the cellar, fortifying, and so on, by persons who have a practical knowledge of these matters, as they are manoged in the wine countries of Europe, produce several classes of wine which will have an individual character that can be maintained year by year. Unta something of this kind be done, and wines can be regularly supplied having as marked an individuality, as the Rhenish, the French, or the Spanish wines of Europe, the trade will never become what it ought to be. We do not recommend that by ' doctoring' our wines should be turned into middling imitations of port, sherry, claret, or burgundy, bat* that they should have a cha racter of their own, which by careful manage ment can be always maintained. The EtEOUON fob Lig.ht.— By an oversight in making-up yesterday's Register, though the result of the election for Light was given, the telegram conveying the particulars was left out. 'We now supply ' the omission:— Bagotr-Kapunda, 263; fiiverton, 32; Greenock, 62; Sheooak Log, 13; Stockport, 4. Rounsevell— Kapunda, 244; River-, ton, 71; Greenock, 57; SheaoakLog, 1; Stockport,. 25\. Totals— Bagot, 374; Rounsevell, 398. Ma jority for RounseveU, 24. Inf ormals— For- Roun- se?ejl,26;forBagot»;18. The Coming HABVEST.-fitr.p»4ter*Thomson, of O'Halloran Hill, a welbkno wtf'jinfl experienced firmer, has ^justr-, returned to1 AcTelafde from a journey, extending through portions of the Northern, Southern, and South- Eastern Districts, and he has kindly supplied us with the following Information, founded upon his impression, of the present state of^ the crops _ in the agricultural localities through which he has passed. He states that between Truro to Tanundaa good average yield may be anticipated, ancPthat between Tftnnnrift nnfl TjTuioch .Yqlley^the-Cruna. also, promise well. Between Lyndoch Valley and Gawler the appearance of the fields about a week ago was ' favourable, but about a mile from the latterplaccTMrTThomion, in one section, collected in bis grasp a handful, which upon examination., in the presence of Mr. Cave, he found ,to consist of 20 rusty, and eight sound stalks. At Smithfield the harvest gives indications of being both late and light. In the south and south-eastern portion' of his tour Mr. Thomson . was accompanied by Mr. Thomas, of Kooringn, who, as our readers have already been informed, has been engaged by the Agricultural and Horticultural Society to collect for purposes of analysis speci mens of soil in different parts of the colony. They started from O'Halloran Hill, where the crops are fair, although not exempted from plague of black rust, and proceeded in the first instance to Clarendon. Here the hopes of the farmers are being blighted through the ravages of the take-all disease. The harvest in Dashwood's Gully will suffer Btill more severely from the same cause. At Bull's Creek, Echunga, and the neighbourhood, it has been more extensively destructive, and at Mount Barker, the terminus of our informant's journey, it is beginning to carry off the crops, although, with this exception, their appearance is good. Mr. Thomas was joined in .this port of the country by Mr. John Frame, who did what he could to further the object he had in view, and subse quently accompanied him to 'town, whence he started yesterday en route to Guiueracba and the adjacent localities. Although Mr. Thomson did not visit the Strathalbyn Plains or the country Burrounding Wooddide, he informs us that he has it on good authority that the take-all disease iB doing havoc in the former place, and that in the latter it is fully worse than at Mount Barker. With regard to the yield of wheat generally, how ever, his estimate is not unfavourable; as he cal culates that it will only average from a bushel to a bushel and a half less than last year. The opinion he- has formed respecting the hay crop is that it will le from a quarter to a third lighter than in the harvest of ISO! The barley in the direction of Tanunda is very good. That product, it appears, is not affected by lust, although amenable to the take-all disease. Mr. Thomson holds strongly to the view that late sowing is one of the most effectual remedies against rust. He wishes it to be distinctly understood, with respect to the infor mation given above, that it is impossible to count upon the yield as yet, so much depending upon the weather during the next two or three weeks. CAPTURE OF Natives in the Far North.— The letter from Umberatana, from which we have quoted elsewhere, describes as follows an engage ment between the police and the natives, in which one of the latter was killed and two captured :— ' On Sunday, September 30, there seems to have been a great row at Mount Freeling. Police-troopers Pointer and Gason came down on the niggers in the creek below the station, and managed to capture Mrs. Forbes and Parrallana Jacky. Par rallana Tommy was shot, and all the others got away. It was a splendid haul, most of those whom warrants were out for being there. Tommy, after receiving three bullets in his body, would not give in then; but Gason managed to get his hands on him. It appears quite a miracle that none of the whites were hurt. Tommy lived about an hour and then died. They say his sufferings were very bad. There appears to have been a good-many blacks there. The lubras did all they could to frighten the horses while the police were trying to catch the prisoners. The next job, it appears, will be an inquest. They will have some difficulty to get Jurymen in this part of the world. I only hope you may be here before that takes place. The troopers wanted horse- feed, but I told them I was sorry I had none for them; so they were obliged to paddock their horses for the night. We hod the two prisoners chained down in the kitchen, and the troopers slept with them. I do not think they will stand a ghost of a chance with Gason of getting away.' DUSTSTORMS in the North.— Accounts have reached Adelaide of very violent dust storms which have prevailed throughout the whole extent of the North, and which to a certain degree have been general all over the colony. The first occurred on Friday, the 6th .instant; and we are informed by Mr. George Marchant, who has just returned from the North, that so thick and blinding were the clouds of dust raised that it took him eight hours to traverse the distance between Ragless's Station and Kanyaka (16 miles), and that during the period of fully an hour he was utterly unable to see the earth while sitting on horseback. The same gentleman informs us that at 7 o'clock on the following Sunday morning a furious wind ap. proached Arkaba from the North, accompanied by dust equalling in quantity that which had infested the air on the previous occasion. This continued until 1 o'clock, when without any perceptible lull it veered round to the south-west and blew with almost uninterrupted force until 4 o'clock in the afternoon. The gale occasioned some damage to the verandah of the house and the roof of the woolshed at Arkaba ; but at Kanyaka, 130 miles further south, its effects were_ more destructive. The whole of the northern side of the hotel roof was carried away, the stable was swept clean of every vestige of its former contents, and some galvanized iron was whirled as far as 400 or 560 yards away. The store at Black Jaok was also partially unroofed, and to prevent further injury its covering had to be weighted down with stones and logs. Mr. Marchant wa3 also credibly informed that a wagon loaded with three tons of goods was driven a distance of eight yards by the impetus of the storm. A letter from Umberatana of date October 4 indicates that these storms, or at least one of them, had been felt there. The writer says .-—'Since writing you hist the weather has been much the same as when you were here. We have had two light showers since, and the rain seems to have done very little good, with the exception, perhaps, of freshening up the bushes, there being no signs of grass ? We have had a very severe duststonn ; it gave me a fright, as I made sure the woolshed roof would have been carried away. It took the whole of the iron off the harness-room— frame and all— and carried it down 50 yards in front of the store, took several sheets of iron off another house, and the loose sheets that were stored up against the end of the store were blowing about like so many pieces of paper.' News from the Far North.— We learn that the natives are continuing their depredations to the north-eastward in the direction of Messrs. Price and Beetson's runs, and near Tooth's Knob. The abandonment of stations is still being pro ceeded with, and it is stated that the duststorms produce* a very pernicious effect upon the remaining sheep in the Northern District.] Supreme Court.— In the Supreme Court on Friday the rule nut granted in the Local Court case of Murray v. Varley was discharged, and a similar decision was arrived at in the case of Rid path v. Varley Several other motions were dis posed of, and the Court adjourned until Tuesday next at the usual hour. Adelaide Police Coubt.— On Friday there were only two cases before the Court. A woman charged with the use of foul language was fined 2s. 6d ; and a man who had left his horse and dray on some lawful business, and thereby incurred a penalty, was dismissed with a caution. Accident.— About 6 o'clock on Friday evening tin accident happened to William Duncan, a little boy four years of age, son of Mr. S, Duncan, of Hindley- street. He was playing in a stockyard, situated at the rear of the City. Bridge Hotel with some other youngsters, when a wheelbarrow which he was in capsized, throwing the little fellow out and breaking his right arm. He was taken to the Hospital. The Gawler Burglars.— The desperadoes who have commenced the business of burglary in Gawler Town ore destined to have a short career. Already there is good reason to believe that the perpetrator of the robbery at Mr. Lynch's shop is hi the hands of justice, and if he had a companion it is not improbable that he also is in durance vile On Thursday night the shop of Mr. W. Browningt Murray-street, was broken into, and a cash- box, containing £15, was stolen. A man named Hugh Nimmo has been arrested, examined, and com mitted for trial for this offence. Prize Meat.— The butchers' shops will this day display such a profusion of prime beef, toutton, lamb, and pork as must satisfy the greatest croaker amongst us that meat can and ought to be good and plentiful, notwithstanding the drought in the Far North. The carcase of a heifer, bred by Dr. Browne, and fed, by Mr. O. B. Fisher, will be exhibited by Mr. Edwards, of Hindley-street, which it is estimated will, weigh eight cwt and a half. A porcine monster, weighing 5 cwt 3 qra. 4 lbs., will be the great object of ob servation at Mr. BaUantyne's, Rundle-Btreet. Mr. Cenrad, Hindley-street, will exhibit first prize sheep and lambs ready for the chopper. -Mr. Evans, Hindley-street, has prepared for his par ticular customers the first prize bullocks from the Darling; and Mr. Blinman, of Brown-street, has in his shop some of the choicest beef that attracted whilst alive attention at the Cattle Show. Accident.— Abont 4 o'clock on Friday after noon an accident happened on the line at Salis bury to a young man named John Hamlyn, a resident of North Adelaide, and an employe on the railway. He was going down the embank ment ' by the side of the rails near the bridge ad joining the station, when he slipped, and in falling stepped on a stone and twisted his leg, breaking it in two places. He was conveyed to a place of safety, and medical assistance at once procured. A telegram was sent to town, and Mr. Calf, the Adelaide Stationmaater, promptly dispatched a special train to Salisbury. The sufferer was then conveyed to Adelaide, and from thence to the Hospital, where, on enquiry last night, we learned that he was progressing favourably. ! T^5'OPERA.-There was a fair attendance atthe Victoria Theatre on Friday evening to witness the perfohriance'of DonnizettUB.' Don Pasquale.' The following was the cast of the characters;— Don Pasquale, Mr. Fred Lyster; Dr. Malatesta, Mr. Henry Wharton; Ernesto, Mr. Armes Beaumont; Notary. Mr. Baker; Norina, Mdle. Rosalie Durtnd. Miss DuranJ, whom we suppose we must desig nate the p*rima donna 'of the opera comique, could not have had a more suitable character assigned to her than that of Norina. In her im. personation.of the affianced bride of Ernesto, and in her first interview with the detested dotard, the last descendant of ' the ancient family of the Pasquale s,' the audience saw in the actress the graces and fascinatiohi'whicli the intriguing Dr: Malatesta described as the characteristics of the lady whom he had palmed off upon the hood winked Don— ' Candid and pure her gentle mind, Modest, retiring, generous, kind. With grace all, all enchanting.' And in the subsequent scenes, after the supposed marriage, and the discovery by the bewildered bridegroom that his anticipated 'wedded bliss' was likely to be ' Brief as the lightning in the collied night That, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth. And ere a man hath power to say ?Behold!' The jaws of darkness do devour it up ! ' Miss Durand was even more successful. Here the spectators saw, and the audience heard, the tanta lizing termagant to a T. Mr. FredLyster's Don Pasquale' was a cleverly-conceived and wellper formed representation of the limping, grey-beard»d lover. Mr. Wharton impersonated the plotting, double-dealing doctor with a good deal of the quiet cunning belonging to the character; and Mr. Beaumont, who can never be accused of ' tearing a passion to rags,' performed his part correctly, and, as a whole, with more than his usual care and skill. His singing was brilliant. His fine voice rang clear as a bell; his articulation was perfectly distinct, TxnJ his modulations more than usually artistic. The orchestral accompaniment added very much to the success of the entertain ment. But with respect to the musical per formances, the ' gem of the evening'' was, to use a somewhat hackneyed but appropriate phrase, the beautiful nottumo duett in the third act, 'Tell me again,' by Miss Duraiftl and Mr. Beaumont. This exquisite composition resembles the celebrated 'Giornod'Orrore' in Rossini's ' Seniiramide,'' and, as rendered on Friday evening with a pizzicato accompaniment, it produced quite a furore, which nothing short of a repetition could allay. Be tween the second and third acts Herr Lundborg gave the audience another opportunity of enjoying his skilful execution on the bass clarionette. The performance was loudly encoied. The instrument itsell is aa yet but little known. 'Of worm or serpent kind it something looks.' It is of rather extensive range; the lower notes ore full, round, and sonorous, and the instrument has apparently keys enough to enable the performer to take his place in a full band without the least necessity for transposing his particular port. At the close of the opera the principal performers were called before the curtain, and a considerable number of bouquets were showered at their feet. This evening Flotow's romantic opera 'Martha' will be performed. Institute LECTURE.-The third of the spring series of lectures in connection with the South Australian Institute was delivered in the Reading room of the Institute on Friday evening, October 13, by the Rev. W. Harcus, who chose for his sub ject 'William Makepeace Thackeray.' There was a tolerably good attendance on the occosioa Mr. N. Blyth, M.P., who occupied the chair, in a few brief and appropriate terms introduced the rev. lecturer to the audience. The rev. gentle man, after a few introductory remarks, referred to the deep insight of which Thackeray was possessed, and which enabled him so vividly to portray the varied scenes of human life. He then gave a brief biographical sketch of Thackeray from his birth, which took place in India, alluding to his education and especially his love of the classics. At school he already showed an aptitude for drawing and evinced some literary ability. The rev. lecturer quoted a short piece penned by him at tins time. Thackeray, having lost his private fortune while young, endeavoured to make a living by his pencil ; but, failing in that, he began to write for the magazines. When Punch started he became one of its earliest con tributors. He was approaching middle age befoie he came before the world as a novelist. The rev. lecturer then criticised 'Vanity Fair,' and the character of Becky Sharp contained therein, showing Thackeray's ability to describe .the truths of life. He also spoke of 'Esmond' and ' Peudennis,' from each of which he gave quotations, and pointed out to his hearers the great ability which Thackeray possessed of exhibiting in a sarcastic light the phases of society. » Notwithstanding, said he, the keen ?satire contained in his writings, there was a tone of kindness in them which had the effect of rendering them agreeable as well as amusing to the reader As a specimen of Thackeray's humour the rev. lecturer quoted the well-known piece, 'An Aus- pishus Ewent, by Policeman X.' The rev. gentle man next referred to the very interesting nature o| Thackeray's works, any of which, he remarked, might be taken up and opened at any place and read with interest, being entirely different from the many sensation novels which were written. He next spoke of Thackeray's connection with the Corn/till Magazine as editor, and his trials whili holding that office, which he had .soon to leave as he could not attend to it. After refer ring to other works by this great authoi and quoting several extracts from them, the rev gentlemen gave a touching account of Thackeray'i death; and concluded an exceedingly interesting lecture by quoting 'The Christmas Song.' Tin lecturer on resuming his seat was greatly ap plauded; and the Chairman having thanked th- rev. gentleman on behalf of the meeting for hii very interesting lecture and announced the nex lecture, the ineetine terminated. Police Pay.— The Commissioner of Police hoc, in accordance with instructions from Government, issued an order that all officers receivme a daily rate of pay shall be authorized to draw a further sum of 0d. per day until the 3lst December next. An increase, equal to 5 per cent, in each month's salary, 6hali be paid to Inspectors during the same period. Succession op Misfortunes.— On Thursday week last, October 5, an accident happened to a boy between 12 and 13 years of age, named James Weldon, who lived with his parents on East. terrace, near Mr. Peacock's tannery. He got up in the morning and lighted the fire, but not finding it burn well, he fetched a flask, containing about 2 lbs. of gunpowder, and sprinkled a little of the con tents on the fire, as he said, to make it burn brisker. By some means the whole of the gunpowder in the. flask ignited, and in the explosion that followed the lad received such serious injuries as to compel his immediate removal to the Hospital, where, on examination, his face, head, feet, legs, abdomen, and one hand were found to be much scorched. A day or two after this event occurred his brother, a little fellow two or three years of age, was playing at ' seesaw' on a plank with another child, when, on the latter getting off suddenly, the plank tipped up, throwing him (Weldon) violently to the ground, and breaking his arm a little below the elbow. He was also taken to the Hospital, where his arm was at once attended to. The elder Weldon is still lying at the Hospital, but is getting on more favourably than might have been supposed under the circumstances. Remedy for a Domestic Pest.— A correspon dent of the Builder writes— 'Purchase at any oil or colour warehouse a pennyworth or two pennyworth of the liquid known as 'oil of tor, and with a small brush or strong feather apply it to the parts where the insects are known to be or likely to secrete themselves, and it will im mediately destroy them, and effectually prevent their location in that place. If housewives would brush the joints and holes of their bedstead?, &c;,, once a year with the liquid no insects will approach those parts, and as it is absorbed readily by the wood the bedsteads could be put up again the same day. A capital opportunity occurs when a house is being renovated of applying the tar to all the crevices, and around doors, windows, skirting, &c.;, before any paint is put on. Too much of the tar should not be applied at one time if the room is daily occupied, as the tar has decidedly an odoriferous nature; the smell, however, is far from being injurious, but is of a healthy, purifying nature; and no inconvenience will arise if used in small quantities. I am told, if a ring be drawn with a brush dipped in the tar, and some insects placed within the circle, they will never approach it, but perish rather than attempt to cross the barrier.' Teatheb Gully Rifles— This' company fired for the Government prizes on the 12th inst., under the superintendence of Drill-Instructor O*CarroU. The distances were 200, 300; 500, and 600 yards; 10 rounds at each. It was a fine day, but the wind blew across the range, causing the loss of many a shot. The following are the total scores made— Capt. Haines ? 54 Pr. W. Stoneham... 61 Lieut. J. Smart ... 77 Pr. R. Smart 72 SgtW.S.aCollins... 72 Pr. W. Tregeagle ' 75 Pr.R. Coulter. ? 83 Pr.W.RoS .' 58 Pr. Reuben Coulter 78 Pr. J. Wicks ... . dr. Pr. W.Duncan ... 66 j The prizemen are as follows :— Private R. Coulter, first ? 83 points Private Reuben Coulter, second ... 78 ' Lieut. John SmarL third ? 77 ?? Private W. Tregeafele, fourth ? 75 ' After the Government match was finished the company formed themselves into subdivisions for a friendly competition. The right subdivision, under Captain Haines, was called the Teatree (Jully Com pany, and the left subdivision, under. 8en?eant Collins, was called the Modbury Company. After a sharp contest the Modbury won by three points, partly owing to the Teatree Gully Company having so many recruits among them. jfiT We are requested by Mr. Charles Tidemann to call attention to This Day's Auction Sale of the Stock-in-Trade of a Grocer, reB. Miller, by order of the Trustees, which will be held on the premises, Bundle-street, at 11 o'clock. SIT W« are requested by Messrs. Townsend, Botting, & Kay to call special attention to their Bale, on Monday next of a number of wtaable Blocks of Land at Unley, suitable for Building Sites and Gardens, See adVertisement. 