Tiie recently published correspondence on the subject of t ransportation between Mr. Caudwell, as Secretary of State for the Colonies, and Sir Charles Darling, as tho Governor of Victoria, raises a question oi considerable importance as to the exact position of the governor of a colony in his twofold relation, first, to the local government of the colony over which _ lie presides ; and next, to the Imperial Government in England. And the dispute between Victoria and New South Wales about the collection of the Border Customs duties on tho Murray has come at the same moment to com plicate this question still further ns well as to involve the mutual relations of independent colonies to each, other in a network of confused entanglement. With reference to the first subject Mr. Card- well says: — "Your Chief Secretary informs you that lie has addressed a circular to tho Chief Secretary of each of tho colonies interested, inviting the co operation of their respective Govern ments in framing a measure, to ho submitted to the consideration of the respective Parliaments, prohibitive of all intercourse whatsoever with Western Australia, in order that her position ns the only convict colony in Australia may be distinctly marked. In writing these letters without your sanction your Ministers exceeded their legitimate authority, and plainly violated those constitutional principles on which the well working of every system of responsible government depends. The observance of these principles is as valu able to every colony enjoying representa tive institutions ns it is to Great Britain hcrscH"; and I trust that you will be able to maintain in futuro a system of govern ment consistent at once with the rights and liberties of tho subject, and with a duo rogard to tho just preroga tive of the Crown." This sounds very novel doctrine in the cars of tho colonists. Is it to be censured as unconstitutional conduct that the Ministers of one colony should seek to establish concortod action with those of other colonies against a griovance emanating from Imperial misrule, to which grievance tho colonies invited to co-operation have an equal ground of hostility with tho colony that invites them? Must colonial Ministors first obtain leave of their respective governors to enter upon official correspondence of the kind referred to, or else incur the penalty of being dismissed from oflicc by the Queen's representative for not having obtained that permission beforehand ? Por that is the direct inference from Mr. Cardwell's words. If tho matter in volved in tho invited co-opcration were one of Imperial concern only, we could understand his Excellency Sir Charles Darling exhibiting his displeasure at tho conduct of his Ministors for their un called for assumption of interference, by dismissing them from office. But where it was mainly a matter of vital con cern to the colonies, und much more so than it was an Imperial coneern — as was the caso with this question of transporta tion — we confess ourselves unablo to see tho matter in the light presented by Air. CAnDWELL, unless indeed our local self- government is to bo a mere sham. Is the colonial Ministry for the time being, in Victoria or in any other colony, to bo_ regarded as a mere local board of administrators, subordinate in all things to tho British Ministry lor the time being, in England, and therefore obliged to take into their counsels and deliberations the Governor, as the resi dent agent of tho superior and controlling body, viz., the British Ministry located iu England ? If so, thoro is an end of self- government by the colonies. Tho colonial Ministry and tho colonial public, whom that Ministry represents, may have do- cidcd on acertain course of action required to bo adopted by the common consent of tho wholo colonial community ; and that course of action may be completely within the strictest limits of loyalty to tho British Crown, and of respect for the true interests of the British Empire. Yet this loyal, honourable, and necessary course of action, if vetoed by the caprice or stupidity, or recklessness of tho Governor, as the local ngent of the British Cabinet, must bo at once quashed tit the very outset, and before it has taken shnpo and substance, oven as a proposition on paper. That is what Mr. Cardwell's views appear to aim at; and wo need hardly say that if thoy were to ho reduced to practice, the result would speedily be to force the people of the colonics, even in spite of their wishesand their judgment, to break olf their connection with tho British Empire. They would have no alternative ; for, they ceuld not take any effective course, which would bring borne to the convictions of the authorities in England, their deep sense of any grievance tinder which they might he suffering. All hope of redress would thus be cut oil', by cutting ofl' the means of making the full pressure of the gnlling grievance thoroughly known to, and un derstood by, the Government in tho United Kingdom. In this very instance, tho invited co- operation of the other colonies, which lias so obviously quickened the British Cabinet's sense of our abhor rence of tho transportation grievance, could never have been put on paper, if Sir Charles Darling happened to ho opposed to it ns a thing likely to displease liis superiors and patrons, the British Ministry. And thus the strongest and most efficacious testimony we could furnish of tho intolerable character of the convict nuisance, would never have reached the Government in England, and that grievance would, for want of such evidence, he left still a rankling sore in the eoloninl mind, corroding away all respect, affection and loyalty for the parent State of Old England. Is that tho condition of things, which Air. Card- well thinks desirable. This is a plain and sufficient example of the utter untenahility of Air. Cardwell's doctrinaire theories respecting intercolonial constitutionalism and the interdependant relations of colo nial Governments to the Imperial Govern ment of the parent State. The true position of the Governor of n colony enjoying constitutional or parlia mentary self-government, such as tho Australian ana North American British colonics do, is that lie is tho local repre sentative of the Crown, acting within the colony, as far as the requirements of his office demand, in tho same way as the Crown acts within the United Kingdom — sustaining and assenting to the official acts of his Ministry, ns long as .that Alinistry enjoys the confidence of Parlia ment, and also as long as these acts arc not disloyal to the sovereign, opposed to the interests and laws of the empire, or goin jurisdiction. Within these bounds tho Ministry of Victoria is to Victoria, what the Alinistry of the United Kingdom is to the United Kingdom proper, — and the Governor of the- colony is to tho colony, what the Queen is to the three kingdoms. The one is the Sovereign and Supreme Head of the Government; the other are tho appointed servants of that Supremo Head, for conducting tho public business of tho country, as long as their services are acceptable to the people. But neither in England nor in tho colony, are the Ministerial servants of tho Crown obliged, or even permitted, by the theory of the Constitu tion, to take the Sovereign, or tho locum tenens of the Sovereign, that is, the Go vernor, into their Ministerial delibera tions as to any measure of domestic policy, which they may have the intention of ultimately maturing into form and sub stance. Jf that were not so, Catholic emancipation, for instance, could never have been submitted as a proposal, in tho form of a bill, to the British Parliament, during the reign of the very Sovereign who afterwards found himself constrained to give it his Boyal assent, as an Act of Parliament ; for, ns that Sovereign was personally averse to the measure, if he could have vetoed its consideration in tho Cabinet, the hill would never have come to Parliament at all. The Crown, or tho colonial representative of the Crown, comes in, with direct action, only at tho final stage when what was previously only an inchoate proceeding is about to become a perfected, complete and finisliod act. In the present case, after the colonies had agreed upon a certain concerted course of action, a local Act of Parliamont would bo necessary, in each colony, to give it effect. When that act of the ..Legislature was prcseuted for tho Boyal assent, then, and not he fore, the Governor's opposition could be manifested, but yet only to the extent of reserving the act for transmission to Englnnd to receive the Boyal assent, or not, according as the Crown, or tho Imperial _ Alinisterial advisers of the Crown, might see fit. This is the theory and practice of Constitutional Govern ment as understood and observed hitherto ; and Mr. Cardwkll appears to be most pedantically and arbitrarily straining it for the purpose of giving a retaliatory rap over the knuckles to Sir C. Darling for having allowed the decisive attitude of the colonists, on the transportation question, to come officially under Mr. Cardwell's eyes, in such a very em phatic and uncompromising way. The Border Duties qucstioq abounds with difficulties in rel'crenco to local Ministerial action, which may prove equally a scandal and a stumbling-block to the Bed Tape World of Downing street. And it is clear that upon all such debatcahlo ground of intercolonial questions, the only safe and practical course to adopt is .to establish a central federal authority in these colonies, similar to what is at the present moment being instituted in tho North American British colonies. There was no meeting: of the Legislative Assembly yesterday, a sufficient number of members not being present to form a quorum. A meeting of the Elections and Qualifications Committee was held .yesterday In the Old Library, at the Parliament Houses, for the purpose of hearing the petition of Mr. Robert Byrne, one of the candidates at the' late election for Sandridge, against the return of Mr. David Moore, on the grounds of bribery, corruption, and personation. The committee hiving heard the statement of counsel in support of the peti tion, adjourned until Thursday next. The second day of the Geelnng Annual Rnccs of January, 1805, will long be - remembered by those who were fortunate enough to witness the capital racing which took place, ' Such racing, indeed, lies seldom been seen in this or the adjacent colonies, and tho -Handicap and the Steeplechase were contested in an unusually spirited manner. The whole meeting must bo pronounced an encouraging success, and it is to be hoped thnt next year the stewards will pro vide an equally good bill of sporting fare. The attendance was good. IVe regret to state that Mr. J. Patorson, coal merchant, of Melbourne, met with an accident in returning from the racecourse. A full report appears ia another column. It is certain that the tariff propositions of tho Government, so fnr as they concern the im position of new duties, will meet with the most strenuous opposition from the mercantile and commercial classes of this city. So far as we could learn yesterday, tho antagonism to these quasi " reforms " is almost unanimous, and the Protection parly in Parliament may safely reckon upon being confronted by the whole army of importers and wholesale traders. The following memoranda of the proceedings nt a meeting of the wholesale ironmongers and im porters of general hardware, held yesterday afternoon at the Duke of Rothsay hotel, strongly indicate the tone which the opinion of tiie trading classes has taken : — The meeting was convened by circular during the morning, Mr. W. Kerr Thomson, of Messrs. James M'-Ewan and Co,, presiding. It was unanimously agreed to use every endeavour to oppose the passing of the new tariff by all' legitimate means. It was stated that the effects of the Government proposition must be detrimental to the interests of the colony, par ticularly with referenco to the large amount of trade existing between this port anil the other colonies, including New Zealand. The absurd amounts proposed to lie levied on certain articles connected with the trade were very fully discussed, and a sub- committee was appointed to draw up n petition urging the Legislature not to carry a measure so completely opposed to the best interests of this port. The general feeling in commercial circles is, that while the new Impost! will he vexatious to the trader, aud detrimental to the interests if commerce, no cnmniensurnto benefit will be derived from them by the manufactuiitig and industrial classes. A meeting of the Chamber of Commerce has been called for Monday to consider the question, nud it will he seen by the report of the meeting of the committee of the Chamber, published in another column, that they have pronounced definitely against the tariff. Our advertising, columns nnnouuee that a meeting of watch makers, jewellers, fancy goods wnrelu usemen, end importers in those trades, Is to take place this afternoon, and wc have also heard that the importers of drapery goods intend taking similar steps to exhibit their discontent. Apropos of the subject, wc may mentiou that one soft goods house was called upon yesterday to pay L800 for duties undor very peculiar circumstances. The agents of the steamer Resolute hnve made arrangements with the promoters of the bazaar, now being held nt Queenscliff in aid of the funds of the Church of England, to tnnke a trip to that locality this day. The Resolute will leave Sandridge Railway Pier nt 10 a.m., returning before dnrk. The inquest upon the body of n child found in the Market Reserve, at Wiliiamslown, was re sumed yesterday nt the Pier hotel. The police stated that they were unprepared with any further evidence, and the jury returned a verdict that the child had been found dead. A telegram from Daylesford ycderdny states thnt a large hush fire was burning in the imme diate neigltbourhood of that town. Captain Martin has forwarded n memorial to the Governor in Ccuncil, complaining of the course pursued by the authorities in his case, and pointing out thnt the evidence which was taken behind his back by tiie Sbippingionster is untrue in nil those particulars which affect the question to his prejudice, and is, for tho most part, given by interested persons, who had n malicious purpose to serve, viz., a third officer discharged from the ship before tiie ioqu!ry commenced, and a deserter. He nlso states that the cvidenco (very important) of the quartermaster, Knnpp, alias Nott, is uow flatly contradicted by the man himself, who asserts that hencver gave such evidence to the Shipping- master. It is quite certain that the evidence collected by that functionary wn9 all ex parte, and that its publication should not hnve taken place before Cnptnin Martin had had an oppor tunity of eross examining the witnesses and rebutting their testimony. At the weekly meeting of the Exccutivo Com mittee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Pridey, the Superiutendcnt made the follow ing return ; — Number of inmates in the Home, as reported last week, 174 ; admitted sinco, 94. Persons who have received out-door relief, 179, or 51 families. Total relieved, 447. Discharged from tho Home during tiie week, 9 i. Total nt present remaining, 174. if umber stone-break ing, 9 ; oakum-picking, 15. The Aerated Bread Company held their ad journed half-yearly meeting yesterday, at their offices, 203 Bourkc street west. A report of the meeting will be found in another column. An extraordinary case of imposition, in which a woman successfully passed off another person's child upon her husband as their own, is narrated in the Ovens and Murray Advertiser as follows: — "It appears that a rich storekeeper named Ah Kee is married to a young nnd rather good-looking European girl. The wish of Ait Kee's heart was to be a father, and bis lady, n few months ago, witli soft nnd tender blushes no doubt, whispered to him that she was likely to make him the linppicst of men. Unfortunately, however, while visiting a friend iu Beechvvorth — a Mrs. Ah Cliec — Mrs. Ah Kee was pre maturely delivered of a still-born child. Drond- ing the effect of the catastrophe on the soft heart of a husband yearning for paternity, site re turned to Yacknndandah, being, by a little feminine management, not changed for the worse but rather for the better in appearance, as Ah Kee fondly imagined. Now it happened thnt her Bcecliwortli friend, Mrs. Ah Chee, was a widow, and renlly in the situation which the other lady wished to he who loved her lord, nnd it was arranged between them thnt when the widow's child was bora it 6hould be adopted by Ah Kee without his being any tho wiser. Tiie baby was born in November, too soon, apparently, for the bonn-flde offspring of Ah Kee to innke its appearance, so it was sent to nuise and spoon fed until Mrs. Ah Kee's time arrived. On Friday last there was an alarm, and Ah Kee' rushed off for Sarah Gamp, for the lady was evidently very had. In the meantime the baby had been sent for, and ia the evening, when the lady seemed a little better, Ah Kee was bundled out of the way, as husbands are in such cases. When he relumed great was his joy to fiod his young and innocent bride pale and interesting, and holding out to him an infant with true Mongolian features. The delighted father or dered the gongs to be sounded nnd unlimited crackers to be let off to announce to his brethren that the flg tree of Alt Kee had blossomed. But oh, Instability of earthly joys! tho poor little unconscious actor of the principal part of this seris- comic drama sickened and died on lite fol lowing day, all unconscious of the hopes that- hung upon its tiny life. It was buried with extraordinary honours, but on the day ot the funeral the susp'ciens of the police were nriused, as they had been aware of Mrs. Ah Kee's mishap in Tndmor. The nppenrance of another infaut and its sudden death were therefore so myste rious as to set. our guardians on the track, and Mr. Superintendent Winch Immediately proceeded to Yackandnndah. Detective Main- waring in the - meantime obtained a clue in Becchworth which unravelled the whole affair. At the inquest, Dr. Murphy, who attended Mrs. Ah Chee's child in its last illness, admitted that he gave a certificate stating that the intent was two days' old when it was three weeks old. Mrs. Ah Kee, or rather Miss Ellen Dingmore, for it seems that she.ls not married, stated on the same occasion that Dr. Murphy knew of the imposition thnt was prnctiscd upon Ait Kee. Wo append another portion of her evidence : — " Told the doctor the child was my own, nnd that I gave birth to the child in Beeehworth three or four weeks before. Had not as a matter of fact'given birth to the child; it did not belong to me. It died on Saturday last after the doctor went. Told Ah Kee tho child was his and lie believed it. He supposed the child was born on Friday night, the day it was brought from Becchworth. Had the child in the house. He was away from home. On his return he thought I was brought to bed of tho baby. Wished to pass the child off as ray own. Told Dr. Murphy the child was born in Beech- worth. Gave birtli to a child seven or eight montli9 aao. IL wo9 stillborn." The following is an abstract of a return of the incomes of the parochial clergy for the year 1804, and which has been submitted to the Churcli of England Assembly: — Melbourne, St. James's, Rev. M. II. Becher, L450; St. John's, Rev. J. Barlow, L541 ; St. Mark's, Rev. R. B. Barlow, L500; St. Mary's, L169; St. Paul's, Rev. S. L. Chase, L3G0; St. Phillip's, Rev. T. C. Cole, L314; St. Peter's, Rtv. H. II. P. Hand- fleld, L583; Avoea nnd district, L3G1; Bacchus Marsh, Li29; St. Paul's, Bnllnnrat, L500;St. Peter's, Ballaarat, L292 ; Bnrrabool, Duneed, nnd Modewnrrc, L223; Beeehworth, L405; Belfast, L247 ; Bennlln, L248; Biighton, L430; Broad- meadows, Woodlands, nnd Kcilor, L229; Bruns wick and Nortlicote, L269 ; Camperdown, L303; Cos tlem nine, L479 ; Caul field, L358 ; Crau- bourne, Berwick, nnd Dandenong, L238 ; Creswick, L352 ; Daylesfjrd, L441 ; Dunolly, L373 ; Essendon, L416 ; Fryerstown and Ei- phlnstone, L208 ; St. Paul's, Geelong, Rev. A. Cooper, 1.450 ; Chrlstchurch, Geelong, Rev. G. Goodman, L491 ; All Saints', Geelong, Rev,- F. Hopkins, T.475 ; Gishorne, 1.300 ; Hamilton and Dunkcltl, 1.392 ; Harrow, L'444 ; Haw thorn, LI19; Ilenthcote, 1.182; Heidelberg nnd Ivnnhoe, L190 ; Jnglewood, Newbridge, and Tnrnngulin, L443 ; Invcrleigh ami Murgiie- liolnc, 1.170 ; Kensington, 1.229 ; Ivingower, L201 ; Kyneton, L4UB ; Lcarmonth ami tiie Springs, L279 ; Little River and Duck Ponds, L235; Mansfield, 1.84; Meredith, L154; Mortlnke, Caramut, and Hexham, L20G ; Ovens district, 1.143 ; Pentridge, 1.142; Pleasant Creek, L297 ; Portland, L297 ; Queeuscliff nnd Bel- lcrine, 1.175; Richmond, Rev. C. T. Perks, L450 ; Snlc, the Von. Archdeacon Stretch, 1.435; Sandridge, Rev. Fi C. Phitts, J.Q38; Seymour, Avcncl, Longwootl, and Euroa, L318; Sinythcsdalc, 1.375 ; Schnnpper Point nnd district, L254 ; South Ynrrn, 1.402 ; Swnn Hill, 1.306; St. Arnnud, L234 ; Christchurch, St. Kildn, Rev. D. Seddon, LC30 ; All Saints', St. Kilda, Rev. J. II. Gregory, L405 ; Tarn- dale and Maims bury, 1.459; Talbot nud Am herst, L4I2; Tarrnvilic, Alhcrton, nnd the Port, L32G ; Toorak, L370 ; Tower Hill and Woodford, LI89 ; Wnngnrattn, L224 j Wannon, L330 ; Wtirrnnmbool, L244 ; Wood's Point nnd Jamieson, 1.194; Williams- town, Rev. G. Wilkinson, L3GG ; and Yackan- daudah, L240. It will be seen that returns hnve not been sent in from n number of pat ishes. I n many cases arrears of stipends are due to incumbents. Parsonages arc provided in the majority of cases. Owing to n mistake in the official document continuing the proposed tariff, the following articles were included in the list of commodities to be subject to 2s. per cubic foot duty instead of being placed with the goods upon which Is. per cubic foot is to be charged : — Furniture, toys nod turnery, woodenware, brusbware, and wickerware. The Cluncs correspondent.of the Crcswich and Cluncs Advertiser, writing to that journal under dnto of the 19th, communicates the fol lowing parti tulars of a fatal accident which occurred the previous afternoon: — " On Wed nesday nfteraosn lost a fine littlo boy aged 10 months, son of Thomas Perry, miner, of North Clunes, was drowned in a washing-tub contain ing ooly a very small quantity of soapsuds, into which ho accidentally fell head foremost whilst amusing himself at the tub with a bottle. When discovered the peer child appeared to bequiledead. Not a moment wos lost in procuring the services of Dr. M'KenzIc, whose persevering endenvours for upwards of an hour unhappily failed to restore animation." The Kiama Independent of the 12th has the fallowing particulars of a fatal case of snake bite : — " On Friday afternoon, about half- past 2 o'clock, Jane Irving, aged 12 years, daughter of Mr. James Irving, of Spring Ilill, was playing in a paddock adjoining her fither's house, when she was bitten by a large snake, and received n fatal wound. She returned to her mother immediately, and a ligature was placed above the wound. After an intervul of some time the wound was scorified and sucked, the ipecacuanha poultice applied, and brandy giren. Dr. Taylor was then sent for, but was professionally engaged at G'errin- gong. lie visited the patient immediately on his return home, but au interval oi some fuur hours having taken place since the receipt of the injury, the doctor considered thnt local treatment was useless, and that constitutional remedies, such as stimulants, were more likely to avert fatal re sults. Tiie pntient'progressod favourably until about noon on Saturday, when exhaustive symp toms rapidly set in, ami death took p'ace about 7 in the evening, or about 30 hours after the inflic- tiou of the wound. Tiie snake was a large one of a dark brown colour, with u yellow belly. It appears to have exhausted itself after biting, as it fell in a coil at the child's feet. Seven distinct punctures were Been on the inner side of the calf of the leg, and it is therefore probable that the venomous creature had attacked its victim more than onee." Mining operations arc proceeding with great activity in the neighbourhood of Taradale and Malmsbury, and it appeals probable that ere long both those towns will become important centres of a large mining population. A nen company liasjust been formed to work a portion of Messrs. Tucker ami Boundy's auriferous land, between Taradale and Malmsbury.' The title of tiie company is the Lone Stnr Gold Mining Company, with £00 shares of L10 each. The extent of ground taken up is 71 acres, adjoining the Cambrian Company's claim. All the shares have, it is reported, been taken up in Bnl- lnarat, Malmsbury, nnd Melbourne, nud active operations will shortly commence. Itissup- postd that the well-known Scorpion and Bell- topper leads traverse the claim. At a special meeting of the shareholders in the City of Melbourne Gas aud Coke Company, held yesterday, the profits for the half-year were stated to be L0375 3s. The report proposed to pay L8000 to the shareholders In a dividend, nt. the rate of 8 percent, per nnnum, to carry L1000 to the reserve fund, nnd tiie remainder forward to the next hal'-year. The report was adopted, and the dividend declared payable nt the offices of the company ou and after Monday next. A haystack belonging to Mr. Lang, of Bal moral, in tbc Hamilton district, was burnt on the 13th. It is supposed that the fire was wilfully caused, and Mr. Lang has offered a reward of LoO for the apprehension of the incendiary. It would appear from the following, which appears iu the llobart Town Mercury, that another visit from an English cricketing eleven is contemplated : — " Parade hotel, East Mel bourne, 29th December, 1804. Dear Sir, — There being some probability of another All England Eleven again visiting the Australian colonies (under the captaincy ol Mr. H. H. Stephenson), it favourable arrangements could be entered into with your club and Hobart Town,' together with the other colonies, I should there fore feel obliged to you if you would bring the matter before your committee, nnd let mo know all particulars about the ground, booths, etc., also, whether your club would guarantee the expenses of the Eleven should they visit you. If you would kindly Iny this before your com mittee, and let me have an answer before the mail leaves, as I am wrl'ing to Mr. H. II. Stephenson, and should like to forward him all the partieulais I possibly could about your colony with the others by _ this mail, if you can let me know in time you will greatly oblige; dear Sir, yours truly, Witt. Cafpvn. To — Hutchinson, Esq., lion, secretory, llobart Town Cricket Club." The half-yearly meeting of the. East Mel bourne Artillery was held last evening, at the Orderly-room, Eastern Hill. Cnptnin Raven picsided. From the annual balance-sheet sub. mitted it appeared that the debtor balance was L12, but when the Govei nmcnt grant bad been received for 122 effectives there would be a sum of L320 to the credit of the corps. Gunner Elliott was elected a non-commissioned officer, und b committee of 12 was appointed to transoct the business of tiie company. Speaking of tho recent discovery at Maitland of a number of hank notes, which hod been enclosed in a tin box aud buried, the I nsitjn says : — " The notes, some thirty or forty of them, were found, not, as wc imagined, lonse in the ground, but in a tin box, into which, judging from appearances, they had been pressed rather tightly. It was through Mr. Birtle's spade striking against the tin box thai the ' plant' (for such it evidently was) was discovered. The box bad no top to it, but a portion of tho side had been turned over to serve thnt purpose. Not being quite air— tight, the damp had penetrated It, and to a considerable extent has damaged tho notes. When taken out of the box they were very dnmp-looking, and appeared like so" much wet waste paper. On closer cximination what at first sight appeared so worthless proved to he two bundles of seemingly all L5-notes. As far ns could be ascertained ou Friday lite notes were new ones when put away. The writing on one or two was partly deeiphercd. They were Bank of New S.outh Wales notes, and bore the num ber 0188. The tin was less than 1ft. under ground. On Tuesday afternoon, on making inquiries, we learned that up to that time no clue whatever had been found as to how the money came in the place it was discovered. One of the no.'cs, the number of which was made out, is stated by the maoager of the Bank of New South Wales not to- be n cancelled note ; if, therefore, the ' plant' hnd been found in a less injured condition, ill all probability the finder would lmve been about a L200 l ichor man than" he was prior to making the discovery." The Church of England Assembly brought its session t> n close yesleiday. The Vestries Bill, which rnuscd so much dlscusslnu during the previous week, was thrown out nt its last stage by the clergy, n majority of whom were against it, though a great proportion of the laity supported it. Resolutions weie adopted iu favour of nn inspection of Church of Ens land Common Schools, and of assisting in the mis sionary operations to the aborigines and the Ciiiu.se. The first half-yearly general meeting of the Grent Tunnel Mining Company, Blackwood, was held yesterday evening, at tho Golden Fleece hotel, Russell street, Mr. W. A. Bralie in the clinir. The report of the directors was read, which stated thnt the engagement with the projectors of the company for the purchase of the mine was concluded, and that the area held under lease was 24 acre3. Contracts had been accepted for tho tunnel and a shaft, for a 25-horse power cnaine, nnd for a battery of 20 stampers. The machinery was nearly com pleted, nnd would be ready for work within a fortnight. The tunnel hnd been driven 2G5ft., and a body of querlz met with, but 'it was impossible to state whether or not It was the reef. An air shaft was sunk 95ft., and a drive put in 22ft., which had come upon quartz, which it was believed contained gold. The balance-sheet showed an expenditure of L2051 4s. 9d., the receipts leaving a deficiency of L240 14s. 9J., which would have been met had all the calls been paid up. In consequence the directors had been compelled tomakearangc- ments with the bank for an overdraft to that amount. The liabilities were L1024 2s., and the assets L"59j I8s. Gil., including uncalled capital LI 350, reserve shares L2000. A desultory conversation took place on this report, but ultimately it was adopted, and after the transac tion of some routine business, the meeting adjourned. We find the following in the Perth Inquirer of the 23rtl December : — " On the 14th inst. the Aurilera, from Melbourne, nnd bound for the seme locality (Tlen-lsin), put Into Free man tic for hay. She sailed again the same day, conveying 1000 sheep, 12 horses, and eight cows. The owner, Mr. Orkney, was on board, and visited Ptrth for the purpose of obtaining necessnry information. He hnd an interview with the Governor, and expressed himself much plensed with his short visit to the metropolis, and with the assistance he obtained from the authorities. He was especially satisfied with the attention lie received at the Survey-office, but the courtesy of Captain' Roe is proverbial." The Supreme Court of New South Wales recently delivered n judgment, having a most important bearing upon a ceitain class of practitioners. An abstract of the case, and of the decision of the Court is published in the Sydney Herald, as follows : — " The first of these (ex parte Cory) was in an application for a mandamus to compel a magistrate to hear the applicant as an attorney or advocate. - A justice of the pence lmd refused to lienr an attorney because the latter had, it was averred, been guilty on a former occasion of insolence to the Bench. The actual point for decision was whether a justice could thu9 silence an attorney who was then conductipg bis case properly, for a former offence against propriety ? I ncidentally, however, tiie question as to how magistrates are to preserve .order and to punish disrespect, was pretty fully gone into. This judgment is, therefore, a vaiunble one aud should be well studied both by justices of the pence and by police court practitioners. Courts held by justices of the peace in the ordinary exercise of their .functions are not Courts of Record. Their practice cannot, therefore, be regulated by any general rules ; nor can breaches of decorum be punished summarily by fine and imprisonment. Each justice acts independently of his colleagues, except when they are sitting together. Even the samo just'ee lies not jurisdiction to deal with an offence against his own dignity on a former occasion which he failed to resent at tVe time. But there is still ample power to protect the Bench from insult, and the firm exercise of it in one or two cases would doubtless render unnecessary any future resort to it. ' The sitting justices or justice,' says tho Supreme Court, '.may undoubiedly for such contempt and misconduct require the offender to enter into recognisances to a reasonable amount, and for a specified period, to be f good behaviour, aud may commit him until such security shell have been given. The repetition of nuy similar con tempt during that period would, of course, be a breach of the recognisance. Theoffenderin nny such case, moreover, is clearly guilty of a misde meanor at common law, and might he proceeded against by indictment accordingly.' The judges arc nlso of opinion thnt n person thus offending inny ho forcibly ejected from the court-room, and may be prevented from re-entering it during the remainder of the proceedings. Of course while it is expedient that magistrates should avail themselves with firmness of their power to repress disorder, it is equally so Hint they should be careful not to give oilence by any uncalled-for remarks ol their own. The dignity of magisterial courts has often been compromised in both ways." "Tt will lie recollojttd," sBys the Bcndigo A dvertiscr, " that the horse Nick o' the Woods, which won ono of tho Volunteer Cavalry races nt the late Bendlgo meet, was protested against by the owner of Faddy — the second horse — on tiie ground that the winner was not a cavalry troop horse according to tho rules of the corps, that is' thnt lie had not attended the requisite number of drills. .Since the protest was en tered, Cnptnin Colin, of the Sandhurst troop, has made the necessary inquiries, nnd come to the conclusion that Evans is a volunteer; and that nt Kyneton, where the horse's owner, Mr. Evans, resides, the liorso had qualified to enter fur the race. The prize will accordingly be handed over to Mr. Evans." Respecting the sudden death of an infant, the particulars of which appeared in our last, the Hendigo Advertiser publishes the following, headed " The Real Facts of the Case" : — " Mr. C. Wood, in reference to a paragraph in yester day's issue about tho sudden death of his child, writes to say that Mrs. Wood was not at the theatre on Wednesday night, and has not been in any theatre or any other place of amusement for tho last three years; that the child received its bath at 7 o'clock, tves put to bed, and woke again quite well at 10, and on Mrs. Wood re tiring to rc6t at a quarter-past 11 it was found dead in bed." The post-mortem examination showed that the child had died from congestion ol the brain nnd effusion of serum in tbe ventricles of tho brain, and the coroner's jury returned a verdict to such effect. A terriblo story which, by its weird character, recals some of the wildest tales In tho "Arabian Nights Entertainments," is published in the J ava 7 iines of llie 20th November. The narra tive is as follows: — " Whilst a party of gentle men were on an excursion in the neighbourhood of Mcester Cornelis, a couple of weeks ago, they lost their way in the woods there, and in their endeavours to extricate themselves from tlii9 dilemma, they were attracted to a certain part of tiie forest by the cries of a human being. Iiasteuing to the spot, they were horrorstruck with the sight before them. A native woman, almost nude, and diminished to a skeleton, in all the agonies of insanity, and chained to the ground by an iron clinin fastened round her nukles, was the spectre that met their eyes. Ab soon ns they could get out of the forest they gave information lo the police, who proceeded to the place indicated and released the poor creature. An inquiry was immediately instituted, nnd after much trouble it was discovered that tbe poor woman, who formerly posstssed a great deal of property, had been served in this manner by her husband and brother, and hod been three years in that situation, during which time her sennty meals were brought her regularly by lj inhuman husbnud, who had built n small hanffioo shed for his victim. Fifteen persons, who are snld to be implicated in this bnrbarous not, arc )h custody." At a battalion insiruclion drill of tbe Bcndij? Rifles, which took piece on Thursday afternoon Captain Taylor,, who comranndcd one of the divisions, commented severely, according -to the Advertiser, "on the want ol discipline evinced by some members vvhc had left the ranks without permission, nud slntirrg his intention of punish, ing thera by fine to sucli extent us tic bad power He wished-the members to distinctly understand that ho intended, whilst they were upon parade to maintain strict discipline, and he would rather that such members as did not iuteud lo make themselves amenable to it should at oucc reslga and leave the corps." It would nppcar by tho following paragraph tho information contained in which was originally contributed hy the Brisbane Guardian, thnt for the present the cultivation of cotton in the colony has resulted in failure : — " The proprie tors of the Ciiliulture estate have determined upon winding-up their nffiiirs as a cotton- growing company, nud hnve empowered their directors to convert the same into n sugar plan tation, nnd to reconstruct the company for that purpose. Tiie capital is to consist of LIS, ouo, to bo raised by tho issue of 3000 8hurc9 at L5 each." A Chinaman was burnt to death nt Ironstone IIII1, on Thursday morning, under the following circumstances detailed in the DemlUjo Adver tiser.: — "„It appears Hint about 5 o'clock in tho morning some Chinese, who resided close by observed tbe deceased's tent on fire, but, with J tho usual terror of Chinese in sueh cases, they took no steps either to extinguish the fire or rescue the inmate. A miner named William Campbell, who lived near, wo9 informed of the circumstance, hut before -he could get lo the tent it was totally consumed, nnd the half, burned remains of the psor Chinaman were found lying on the ground. They presented a most horrible appearance, the legs and arms being completely burnt oil', nnd nothing left but tbe charred tiunk and skull." A grand concert is advertised to take place at the Botanical Gardeuathis afternoon, inaidofthe funds of the Mclbourno Hospital. The principal vocalists are Miss O. Hamilton, Madame Stutta ford, Miss Lidiile,' and Mr. Ewart; and the - instrumental portion .will he entrusted lo the Ilend-quarters' Band. To-night, the farce of" A Ghost-in Spite of Himself," in which Mr. Ireland will lenppear in tiie character of Nicodeinus, the musical come dietta of " A Loan of a Lover," nnd tiie suc cessful burlesque extravaganza, "Turko the Ter rible," constitute the bill of fare at tbe Theatre Royal, and a most attractive carte it is. The Lenton troupo give nn afternoon per formance to-day at the Ilaymzrket, and ia addition to many of the most striking of the. feats for which they hnve obtained celebrity in this city, will introduce several novelties of a most interesting character, including the "tying up" performance which, us practised hy the Brothers Dnvenport in England, lias created a sensnlion almost unparalleled for intensity. In tho evening Lady Don will take her farewell of tbc Melbourne stage, in the characters of Tliaddeus in the"Boheminn Girl," and Princj Amiable in "Tho Last of the Ogres." Her Ladyship, whose merits as a singer and actress are too well appreciated to need piesent re ference, will be assisted iu the opera by the Howson family nnd Madame Stuttaford. On this ocens'on tho burlesque aud pantomime will be performed for the lest time. 