THEATRICAL. The Metropolitan Stage. Dear Bell, — Four Irish farces in ono night at tho Thoatro Royal and two at tho Haymarket constitute a Btrong doso of Hibernian humour, or otherwise, . especially ns all such pieces nrp of a flimsy texture, and rely for their success upon tho acting of tho ono character, tho dii minores being so many foils to him, while the plot and incidents aro usually as 'meagre as an ague- fit.' At tho Royal, we havo. had Mr. Shiel Barry as O'Bryan, in tho ' Irish Emigrant' ; Mr. Fitz gerald as Morgan Rattler, in 'How to Pay tho Rent'; ? Mr. R. Stewart, as Terry O'Rourke, iu tho 'Irish Tutor' ; and Mr. W. Andrews as Pat Rooncy in 'The Omni bus' ; and tho effect of this competitive pcr formaneo has boon to provo that 'ono man is ns good as another, and very often bettor;' or, in otlior words, that tho Btook actors of tho company nro quito equal — if not suporior ? in Irish characters to tho star, and carry off ns much applause from the public. At tho other house Mr. O'Keil bos been playing Tim Moore, in tho 'Irish Lion,' and Handy Andy in the well-known drama of that nnnio; but I preferred Mr. Hudson in tho former, and Mr. John Drew in the latter, part. The tones of his voice are deficient in flexibility.. They do not sufficiently adapt themselves to tho ilifVeront characters he assumes, and to the different phases of feeling through which each is suunosed to pasB. He speaks iii tho samo key, nnd employs tho s.11110 accent in his amicablo and in his quarrelsome moods coaxing a Bwcotheart, or threatening an opponent -delivering a soliloquy, or expostu lating with his master. Consequently, thero is a want of relief and contrast in his acting, which becomes moro apparent when you sco him in character depending for thoir dramatic effect upon a judicious admixture of light nnd shade. Mr. O'Neil aims too much at the former, nnd overlooks tho latter. With half tho effort, he might produce far greater results. I imagine that one groat obstacle to the achievement of perfection in tho histrionic ark is the excessive craving for laughter or applauso which eventually becomes a sort of disease in the actor's miiuL To obtain it, ho is constantly induced to over-net his part and strain his points. I have seen very clover men indulge iu a pioco of senseless buffoonory on going off tho stage, merely for tho sako 01 obtaining ' a round ' at their exit. They never scorn to ask themselves, 'Is what lam now doing natural to tho character or appropriate to tho situation ? Would ho act in this way, under similar circumstances in real life ?' Instead of which tho question proposed is, 'Will this raiso a laugh ? or excite the applause of tho inconsiderate among the audience ?' And if there is a prospect of provoking either, the thing is done. This proves that the actor is thinking moro of himself than of his nrt, and is content to sacrifice the ono to tho other. Tho man who docs this is no artist, in the best 'sense of that much prostituted word ; ho is only a mime. Tho reputation he obtains is factitious, and will certainly bo fugitive. There nre two pictures in tho Vic torian Gallery of Art, atthePulilio Library, which may Bervo to illustrate tho difference between what is true nnd what is factitious in art One represents a market-woman selling fish by candle-light. It attracts more admira tion from tho crowd, I believe, than any other painting in tho collection. A broad palpable effect is-produced, which is clever but tneky j but, in theatrical parlance, it 'draws.' There is another, representing an English coast-scene, quiet in colour, and exquisitely true to nature. Tho blaud warmth of an English summer fills tho atmosphere ; the green transparent water crcops up to tlio glistening beach, traces its devious line of advance liy n creamy ripple, and withdraws again with the samo oven motion and recession as tho systole and diastole of the human heart Tho rooks ou Bboro aro weather- worn and wave- worn, and tapestried with such hardy creepers as enduro the sharpness of the sea-breeze, and are nourished by tho flying spray, and the whole composi tion breathes harmony and rojiose. It calls forth no open-mouthed expressions of wonder and delight, such as aro occasioned by the red glare of the candlo in tho othor picture ; but tho real lovers of art return to it again nud again, and it wins upon their regard tho longor they study it It is the samo with noting, when it is true to nature, and discards what is false and factitious. It may not bo regaled witu tho gullaws which greet uiuloonory, or with the concussion of palms which rewards rant, but it will earn the approbation of those whose approbation is most valuable ; it will establish tho reputation of tho actor upon a lasting foundation, and it will satisfy the conscience of tho artist himself. Now, in speaking of tho causes which aro ndverao to tho achievement of excellence in the his trionic art, must I overlook that impatience of honest criticism and that resentment of censure which are no characteristic of tho theatrical profession? Among all the actors and actresses I have known during twenty years of stage criticism, I cannot call to mind moro than six or soven who havo frankly accepted and honestly profited by the expo sition of a fault; and 1 havo generally found that tho vanity of tho person criticised was in an invorse ratio to his or hor ability. The threo greatest geniuses. I havo known upon tho stago wcro at tho samo timo tho most modest, tho most unconscious of the secret or their own power, the most eager to profit by advice, and tho most consistent in aiming at a high ideal, whilo dis satisfied with what ihoy considered to bo their tardy advanco towards it. As a general rule, an actor or actress accepts everything that is said in his or her praise, as the inadequate payment of a tribute jiiBtly duo; but looks upon tho imputation of n blemish as a picco of malignant spite, or ignorant detraction. Praise is complacently assumed to bo a right, and dispraiao is treated as an affront, except when a rival is visited with censure, and then tho justice of tho censuro is admitted with a charming enndour by tho rival. Another thing I havo observed in connection with tho theatri cal profession, aud this is tho expression of a profound contempt for tho opinion of the press by those whoaromostsonsitivotoitastriutures, and who aro constantly indebted to it for tho prominence it gives to its notices of them nnd their performances. Speaking of tho dwarf, Mr. Madman, tho showman (in ono of Mr. Diokens^s minor Christmas stories) observes : — 'Ho had a kind of ovorlaating grudgo agin tho public, which is a thing you may notico iu ninny phenomenons that get their living out of it Substitute tho word ' preas' for 'public,' and this pretty well expresses the fooling of so many phenomena, who owo famo and fortune, in part, to tho foatoring assistance and tho publicity givon to thoir ability by tho press. I sometimes fancy that the mutual relations of tho Btage and tho press might bo placed upon a much moro satisfactory footing for tho timo to come, if all tho newspapers would agreo to abstain from noticing tho theatres for a period of say thrco months. I think it would effectually dotennino tho question of obligation on ono sido or tho other. If, as I havo hoard it stated, tho favourable or un fayourablo opinion of newspaper critics ib a matter of no importance- to tho stage, and is hold in contempt by those who figure on tho boards, this moot point would bo settled by tho experiment referred to, and the theatrical criticism might bo permanently discontinued if tho proposition should bo decided in tho aflirmativo ; whilo tho judgment and acu men now oxeroised in this department of journalism might bo advantageously trans ferred to pictorial and plastio art and artists ; and' wo might endeavour to foster thoso by bestowing tho samo assiduous attention upon tho productions of tho sbulptor and tho painter which many of us havo hithorto given to tho works of play rights and tho performances of ' play actors. The truo artist iu bronze, or marble, or on tho canvas, has this Btrong claim upon us — that his creations aro almost imperishable. A good statue, or a good picture, is ' a joy for ovor ;' whereas, as Colicy Gibber reminds us, tho impressions produced by .tho. notor nro. fugitive m tho extreme, and when ho dies, his iiamo.booomcs a tradition only. Contemporary records (tho newspapers moro particularly) assure us of the greatness of a I Garriok; and a Suldons, a Talma and a.Rachol ; but there can bo no tamriblo and enduring memento of tnoir in-oatness, which, for all timo to como, must Ee taken upon trust only. I mako these remarks apropos de Hen,. niasinnoliaB.it I had waited until somo quarrel had arisen between tho theatres, and the press; a personal application might have been given to strictures, which havo reference to tho general relations of tho stago and tho public journals on^-Youg^ ^^ Ballaaiut.— Tho Lcnton Troupo aro creating as groat a sensation at Jiullaar.it as they did in Melbourne, crowded houses greet ina them every evening. Tho 'Leap for Lifo' and the 'Four Globes' appear to be tho most sensational part of thoir entertain ment The performances on the rook harmonicon havo been received with much approbation, and tho great skill evinced is luMiIy appreciated by tho lovers of ? harmony. Maxey's fund of drollery appears inexhaust Bentioo.— Mr. and Mrs. Heino completed thoir engagement at tho Lyceum on Mon day night last, Binco which timo tho theatre has been closed. Br.EciiwonTir.— Burton's Circus has boon visiting this district lately. At Wnhfiiinyah they were well patronised, also at Chiltern and Rutherglen. There is a clover black pony, and tho norobatie performances of tho Brothers Garburt nre highly commended. Mn3tor Waterlaml is a promising young rider. They contemplated performing at Yackan dandah and Stanley, and at Beechworth during tho race week. G belong, —The entertainments at the Theatre Royal have been varied in character. Tho 'Forestof Bondy,' nromanticdrama, has been performed, andaflortlsau opportunity of introducing n highly trained dog, Loo, to tho notico of n Geelong audience. The drama is well put on the stage. Some Scotch dancing is afterwards introduced by Fraulein Fannio and the Leopold Brothora- A pantomime umlor tho special direction of the Messrs. Leopold is in course of preparation. Tho Leopold family, wo believe, aro under an en gagement for New Zealand, to which place they sail at the end of tho month. Colonial. Dunedin. — Our correspondent, under date 14th February, writes: — 'Tho O]icra season is drawing to a close. Aubor's ' Masaniollo' was produced for tho first timo in Duncdin, lost night, and was successful in attracting a good house ; and ' Der Frc.iscluitz' was re peated on Saturday night to a moderately well tilled house. Madame Escott, as Agatha, and Mr. Squires, as Max, were both excel lent, aud well deserved tho flattering ex pressions of approval accorded to them ; the othor characters wero well sustained. Friday is announced as the last night of tho season, and after a week's recess the theatre will re open nmler tho direction of. Miss Rosa Cooper, with n company entirely reorganised, Mr. Harding is to bo the stage and acting manager. Various novelties nro in prepara tion.'1 Svdnev.— Wo extract tho following from tho Sydney BM : — Tho performances during the past week at tho Prince of Wales havo been varied and attractive, and characterised by a iinish and artistio excellence which speaks volumes in favour of tho individual talents of the very superior company that support Lady Don. Tho clover burlesque of Aladdin was revived with groat eclat, and retained its place in the bills during the week, and was well sustained by Lady Don, tbo MissesHowson, Frank Howson, Jackson, and though last not least, Rogers, whoso Widow Twankay was, is, and over will bo tho ne plus ultra of burlesquo acting. Tho Royal Lyceum oponed its doors under a now management on Wednesday last, when Mr. C. W. Barry mado his first appearance since his return from New Zealand, and was warmly welcomed on appearing on tho stago as Master Walter. Julia was played by Mrs, Charles Poolo, whoso personation of the character has identified it with ono of her vory best' Mr. Joseph Rayncr dis played his accustomed excellence ns Sir Thomas Clifford, and by his natural and manly acting greatly contributed to tbo suc cess of the piece, ^yllich was also materially aided by tho judiciously played Modii3 of Air. Jiycrs, and iUiss J. Hudson as Helen. Miscellaneous. Theatrical Mems. from the East. — Messrs. Steele, Harry Leslio (the well-known Bonos), and J. R. Taylor have been perform ing at Point do Gallo and Madras, at both places having met with groat success, playing nightly to crowded houses. They proposed going through India, China, and Japan, their performances consisting of a panorama of tho American war, vocal and instrumental music, negro eccentricities, and Professor Pepper's optical illusion, tho Ghost. At Mysore they were engaged by command to play before tho Rajah, after which they intended to return to Madras for a farewell performance, prior to leaving for Calcutta and China. In Bombay a French opera company havo been receiving substantial patronage, also tho Laneasluro Bellringers under Mr. John Bryan. In Calcutta tho San Francisco Minstrels, nnd at Lahore Mons. Poussard and Miss Amelia Bailey wero giving their entertainment's. Lewis and his uallet com pany wore nt Shanghai, whero also was lo cated Mr. Collim's American Circus. 