? SAKE IFISHHTO.—Authorising mDonnow a •clears the;sha&o;^«f jthyhills,;her Taya elant down on-the green «ea, just rippled by.the : land breeze. ; And nowi like a vastaheut of pearlynacreywemay-Beeihegljtteriogiehoals .of fish. • The -water seems quite alive with them . Out elides the dusky Indian fleet, the \- paddles stealthily plied by. Hands far too iesperienoed tofieifc a -splash be 'heard. There .is nota whisper, not a sound, but of the. measured rythm of many paddlers, as the .-canoes'iire sent flying, to war da the fish. To ' -catch "them, the Indians use a monster comb or rake: a piece of pine wood from six to «ight feet long, made round, for about two feet of its length, at the place of the hand .grip; the rest .is flat, thick at the back, but thinning to ft sharp^edge, into which are 'driven teeth about four inches long, and an dnoh apart. These teeth are usually made of bone, but when the Indian fishers can get ^sharp-pointed iron nails, they prefer them. One Indian sits in the stern of each canoe to paddle it along, -keeping close to the shoal -offish. Another, having the rounded part of the rake firmly fixed-in both'hands, Btahds "with his face to the bow of the' canoe, the -teeth pointing sternwards. He then sweeps . it. through .the ^glittering mass of fish, using all. his force, and brings it to the surface, '-teej^upwards, usually with a fishimpaled on •every tooth, sometimes with three or four upon one tooth. « The rake being brought into -ithe canoe, a Bharp rip on the back of it <&nocks; the=fish off, and another sweep yields such anther catch. It is wonderful to see 'how rapidly an Indian '•will fill his canoe with lamp fish by this rude method of fishing. The -dusky, forms of the savages bend oyer their •«anoes, their brawny arms Bweep their toothed ' sickles through the shoals, stroke follows \- stroke in. swift succession, and steadily -the \- canoes fill with their harvest of living silver. : -When they have heaped as muoh as this frail »craft will .safely carry, they paddle ashore again, drag the boats up on the shelving beach, • overturn them as the quickest way of discharging cargo, re-launch, and-go back to rake up another load. ' This labour goes on until \--the moon has set behind the mountain peaks, -And the fish disappear—fpr it is their habit -rarely to come to the surfaoe except in the night. The-sport over, we glide in under the •dark rocks, haul up the canoe, and lie before •the log fire --to sleep long and soundly.—AU tike Fear Hound. THE "WHITE "WIDOW.—The Strand Exchange, in the time of "William and Mary, rtvas the scene of the pretty story of the ••" White Widow." Tor several days sempstress appeared at one of the stalls, clothed in white and wearing '.a white mask. She excited great curiosity, and- all the fashionable world -thronged" her stalls. This r mysterious milliner was at > last-discovered to be no less a person than the Duchess of Tyrconnel, widow of Talbot, the detested Lord Deputy of Ireland under James II. Unable to obtain a secret access to her family, and . dalmost. -starving, she had beenv compelled to ''turn shopwoman. Her wlatives provided for her directly the story became known. This \- - duchess was the ^Frances Jennings ^mentioned •hy Graminont, and sister to" the Duchess \- of Marlborough.—ihoriibury's Haunted London. ASTLET, THE EQUEBTRIAD".—Astley was a tall strong man, loudtif voice, and corpulent in. later life, who gave up cabinet-making in . hig youtb to enlist in the Fifteenth, or Elliot's Own Light Horse. He served seven years, was. made rough rider, teacher, and horse breaker to the regiment, and when, after seeing service* in Germany, he obtained his discharge, he made his living out of horses. General Elliot gave him a charger as a mark of esteem, and with this and a horse bought in Smithficld, he began to exhibit toall comers in an open field near the Halfpenny Hatch at Lambeth, for whatever he could get when he v. sent the hat round. Then he engaged part of a large timber yard which stood where the theatre.now stands. Here he boarded jn a circus, charged sixpence for admission, placed a pent-house roof over the seats, and performed of mornings to the music of a drum and two fifes, within a rope ring open to the sky. In the evening he had Chinese shadows, a learned horse, and tricks of sleight-of-hand, in a large room at No. 22, Piccadilly. The owner of •the timber yard was in difficulties, and Astley saved monoy enough to lend him 2002, on a mortgage of the yard, with all the timber in it. "With the 200J, the timber merchant went abroad, and was no more heard of. Astley thuB got in due lime lawful possession of the place. He sold the timber, and with the produce of it, and 601, the value of a large diamond ring which he picked up at the foot of Westminster bridge, and found no owner for, he built in the timber yard what he then called " the Amphitheatre Riding House." This building he enlarged as ho got means, until the whole ground was roofed in. Astley's wife was a good horsewoman, bis son also rode •well as.a boy. When the Boyal Circus, now the Suinfey'Theatre, was being built, Astley, to codjSete with it, added a stage and scenery to his Kiding Circle, which he then called, first .tha?' Boyal Grovo"—from the painting, grove"* fashioned, of the house before the curtain—and afterwards "'The Amphitheatre •of Arts."—Dickens' All the Year Round. ATXESBTJBT DTJCKIYINOS.—When the ducklings are hatched, thry are removed from the acst and placed in flannel by the fire. Poultry books recommend peppercorns to be forced down their throats, which is as natural and sensible a practice as that adopted by thoBe nurses who take groat care that the infant should make its first extraneous meal of an oyster or the brains of a hare. That is a fact, and I have often been disturbed at dinner by an applicant requesting the latter delicacy upon the grounds aforesaid. The ducklings never see their foster-mother after they are removed from her, through fear that she might kill them by treading on them. She is forthwith Bold, and for about a week they are fed in the house upon bread crumbs and chopped egg.—Once a Week. A STRIKING OBSERVATION.—A young prince having requested his tutor to instruct him in religion, and teach him to say his prayers, was answered, " That he was yet too young." " That cannot be," Baid the little boy, " for I have been in the burial-ground and measured the graves, and found many of them shorter than myself."—The Cottager. A SOMERSETSHIRE PARISH.—The parish where my lot was cast is. or rather ' waa, quite out of: the. reach ofJthe disturbing inffluence of progress. When I knew the district/ the people had preserved old-fashioned ways and-customs. It was an offence aot to take ""a drap of aider " when you calledat a boose, and they were better pleased if you would take a ^pipe as well; • But now l dare say everyone is vastly genteel-; the farmer would most likely offeryou aglassof;"«beny * wine," "fend ;tell ; you how he had had his daughters - " Frenched -and - musicked." In one instance the progress of civilisation was . too much for the rustic intellect. A west-* countryman of the old-fashioned stamp was heard to say in bis last illness that " what wi' the earth a-goin' round the sun, and the telegraphs and railways a flyin' aboot, and the steamers a-whirlin' and a-whizzin', he W^B nigh muddled, stunied, and bet;" and so he died.—Once a Week• THE CONTMTEB OP THE COCK LANE GHOST.—Parsons, the parish clerk of St. •Sepulchre's was the impudent contriver of the Cock Lane ghost deception. Parsons' child, a cunning little girl of twelve years, had contrived to tap on her bed in a way that served to convey supposed supernatural messages. It proved to be a plot devised by Parsons out of malice against a gentleman of Norfolk who had sued him for a debt. This gentleSjanwas a widower, who had taken bis wife's sister as bis mistress—the marriage being forbidden by law—and had brought her to lodge-with Parsons, from whence be had removed her to other lodgings, where she had died suddenly of small-pox. Parsons' object wastoobtaijj-the ghost's declaration that she had been- poisoned by Parsons'-creditor. The rascal was set three -times in the pillory and imprisoned for a year in the King's Bench. The people, however, singularly enough, did not pelt the impudent rogue, but actually collected money for him. Thornbury'.s Haunted London. THE LATE ME. SPOONEE.—How little did men imagine, when they saw him march into the House laughing and chatting, always apparently in good spirits, what a grim skeleton he had in his dark closet! It is surprising that; this dreadful secret did not prematurely destroy his life. .How often, in his solitary chamber in Manchester-buildings, must the horrible thought, " I owe a quarter of a million more than I can pay," have startled' him like a spectre! No wonder that he always stopped in the House till the last, and then seemed loath to leave. Solitude must have been dreadful to him; and yet, as I have said, lie always seemed cheerful. Even when he was blinu fits spirits seemingly never flagged. He ought, no doubt, to have closed the bank in 1853 j but he waB strong, if^not young then, and he determined to ,jvrestle withihe monstrous Python of a debt ^nd destroy it 5 and if he had succeeded, a chorus of applause wonld have greeted his success. But he failed. Year after year the monster enfolded him more closely. In 1860 he lost his wife, with whom he had lived fifty-six years. This was a sad blow to him. He was now left to bear his sorrows alone. Bfit, alas! another trial was awaiting him. After the loss of his wife, his eyes, in which cataracts had made their appearance, gradually closed up, and eventually he became quite blind.—Illustrated News: ? ? 