ENDURMNCE OF ENGLTSL{ ANhD nARA 'IlORSES. (Fr~om l cns ~loj in Londconl.) 1~Ia. E~DITOnt,-A match, ivijiob hna caosed qojtoonsensaltioo hleic for noose timo pant, t e~tlIenb~lal oncnlso.I pnat omong epnrtsmen generally, an account of the treeatings till setrely prove interest ing to the tenders of yonr colomns. T'he abeove-msentionedtl qostion of nndutrance hliving been raised between I. 11. Prince Hatli ned MIr. loso, tie Ibrmer offelred to let ten to one thlnt no Englishl homre could go tlhronglt ii wePk'c gnzelIehon, ting withuin on the ilreert ; be, of. cbitrce; always itiding the saine Arab .horse. Mr. Roes at once accepted the challenge, and a bet wee conan qeently made, the Prince laying £1000 against £100. The nfflir was origitinlly fixed to cotte off in Jitnunry; bitt for come renson was rlelerretl again and again until tihe prs sanntt tonth. The Prince chlosa from his stable fet this titidettaking his little Arasb borso Al Cissi, mwii, it mby lie remembered, won the Ganrlc Egypttian Prize of 500 soes., three titileP, at otr last Alexntdriatt race meeting, hle beinig then in Mr. Smst't's jmss e n while Mri. Roset deltendtet mupton. lil cll ' tmtuure Beecituent t(> accomilish the task. '[lie P]?riace totla for Ititmself, but MIr. Ross, hlaeviiig bttineest mattoes to occuttpy him at hiotime, etitrutstod iais motnnt to a frietith. Hltiving been on 6ye-witness to the affair I namt einabled to give you an acctrate ac cottnt. On the 14th instant, the competitors hlin ing met at Shoubrali Palace (the Prince's residence), we started off at a slow canter for thle first encampment in the de~srt, at a spot near a small villngo cnlled Khankah. An hour iand a quarter brought us to oar destination, neither of the horses having at all suffered, though it is to bo remarked that not having started until four p.m., in the cool of the day, ancl having proceeded at a pace loss than an exercise canter, there was nothing to hurt either of them, the whole rond being extremely good going. The minre was very restless during the night, and twioe broaie loose from her picltet, though not until having eaten her supper with a hearty geoni will; while the hloase, althmonghl perfectly quiet and comfortable; altogether refused his fond. On the morning of thce 15th, a little before sunrise, at half-liast four a.m., we started for tIhe real hunt. The miii' was very fidgety, andtook considerably moai out of herself in conseqencen than if she had taken it. quietly dltiring the five hours and a half-of walking 'beferse' tiniling 'a gazelle. 'This Ihcwks were dowen and the tinge slipped at rhis point, intl after a ran of about a mile anii it half the gazeilti was taken; thie two horses were now both epparently as fresh as when we stnitel. We now started off on our way. to join the tents, wuhich lied hieen olrersl to mnet us at a certain point. We itoceedeil at a slow canter, so Alos that the English. mnar simcply trotted over tite hard' ground, cantering, merely through tite heavy sand. 'Unfortunately foi tics mlarit's chance, we mcissed the way, anid iiistead of going towards': te' encampment, went off in the ohiposite direction. After pirocendinga -rt this iiace for an hour andi a hilf, tice mare, who weiLs going well witliint herself,'with the bit between ciher teeth, sutddecnly stopped, as if eliot. T'lie ridoie immediately dismonitesi ansi eniieavoriied to keep lier on her legs, hut reeling ibostt as if tipsy, site went a few isaces fforewareit tnd fell. 'lice Prince imnmnediately rode off for assistance, hut ritttroned in aitout twensy minutes, with no niti, having found out the mistake ee hiat made, and not know ing how fatt off. the tents ee might ice. Assistance beitig thins rendered 'impossible in our present sittiation, thie only rememey eas to endeavouti to Iprocnure it as quicikly as posaithle. His Highness now dismounted, end Icavinig ithnced the mare's saddle on the holise, te started off on foot in direction of the tents. Three haours end a half had elapseti before we reneoed the encampment, froni whsence the Prince immsdiately despatched 'bhe veterinary purgcon and Mr. Roes's groom to the spot where the .mare was lying to render her assietance, if not too late; tiey, however, returned, bringing the news of her death, and reporting that the vultures had already com mencal· to devour hes carcass; the body wes perfectly stiff, proving that shin must bave thiedh very shortly after leaving her. The Arab horse, on arriving at the encampment, showedl not thie slightest symptoms of fatigue, and, Ilhike the previous evening, went into hlil nosebag with a goodwill. The match was thins brought to a speedy conclusion, and I. might even say satisfactory, as it proved beyond doubt,' nt least to nll present, that for sldw continuted work the Arab horse is immeasurably superior .to .his English brethren. I should edd that the Arab horse cnntinued hunting time following four days, always going strong and well; at the same time, time' huntimigon thme succeeding days was 'of shorter duration titan on the'first occasion. From moy own perasonal observations of the merits and demerits of' eamcm horse, I am of. oepinion that for minygiven distance.of groand the English horse tvould always show hItis sumpmieinrity, bmmt for slow, continued, and inde fiuite work, the Arab is far suiperior. Thdy seem to be able to go for ever at thmeir own pace, but if fairly extended, they shut up ahnlmost immediately. Thus, in our race meet ings we have always fairond that in the five mile race tile English hobrses can bent: tlhe Arabs by a'mile. I think there is no doutbt but that the heat alone canused the defeat of the mare, as, calculating it at the outset, she could have gone only forty miles, and at the paice described, under ordinary circumstances, it would be nevt to nothing to a well-trained horse ; btt it is ditioiult to conceive the heat in the desert, with no kintid .of vegetation or slado near, and with-the sand reflecting back upoi you. On getting in between two sand hills the temperature may be best itmagined by faicying yourself in a hot oven. On this day we hadl no't a breath of wind.. What woulId it havo been if a "' khramseen ' or hot wind hid been blowing? Having now'accomplished my task in re cording the deferit of one of our own. hlorses~, your readers may like to know how the gazelle is hunted. I will, therefore, endea vour to give you a description of the sport. As previously described, you have to ride over the desert at a walk until the gazelle is seen, generally about a mile distant, though, owing to the eand-hills, it occasionally ha.pensathat. you comne' upon them suddenly within a hundred yards; but this beingof rare occurrence, and of course more disadvantage ous to the game, it is better to confine my self to an ordinary run. The gazelle generally allows your approach to about a quarter of a mile, or somewhat less. 'The hawks are un oazelle, when they soar high, and come down straight on the victim's head, where, they hold en until the golzelle knocks.them off with his fiore foet. Thie ldogs, of coiurse, make up con iderable ground wlhen tbo game is thus partially stopped, hut it requires three or four sach stopapges bofore tihe dogs can get up. 'rITo gfOzeIlle being fina lljy caughlt by tihe dogs, thlv hold it until the horsemen come up, when its throant is cut, nd the birds fed from the incision. When there is no wind, barring the heat, this is comparatively easy work, but if there is any breeze tihe gazelle, wlhen prsedtl by the havks, instinctively runs nagainst it, which impedes the birds' flight, end they generally get too for away from tihe doegs before the lhawks overtake them. The ldoegs are thus beaten, and thlouglih the birds continue tihe chase it is a forlorn hope, nnless they manage tb tur'n him over andtl break his leg, which sometimes happens, when the birds descend, rolling tihe gazelle over like a hareo shot. On one occnsion during this excursion the rln.was so severe that a dog was left dead from the effects of his run. Th1o gnzelle was, however, taken by a fresh -dog being fortunately at a point from whence ho could be slipped to atn advantage. The hawks had already given up, and the gazelle reached was so far gone as not to have a kick left in him whoen his throat was cut. Yours, &c.;, Cairo, nay 28. E. T. The report of tihe select committee up pointed to inquiro into the Leeds bankruptcy court transactions was issued on Saturday, Jane 24. It acquits the Lord Chancellor of any corrupt dealings, bht finds both his lord ship and Mr. Miller, the chief registrar of bankruptcy, guilty of indiscretion. aFurther, it recounts some dealings of a very doubtful characeter between 'the lon: R. B3ethell, the Rev. MIr. H-Irding, vicar of St. Adds, Wards wortlh, and MIr. Welch, register of the Leeds court. The Rev. G. R. Hardingl who noacted as BIr. B3ethell's fr'iend in the matter, says it was agreed that.Mr. Welch should may down £500 to aMr. B3ethell, to use his influence to jroo'ore an appointment friom.his father in favour of MIr. Welch, and on obtaining an ap pointment shouhi pay .£1000 more. MIr. Welch admits that hie lent £500, with the hope that Mr. Bothelll would exercise hris influence with the Lord Chlancellor in obtaining an np pointmnent for hin;. 'le further states that he was in the habit of lending money to persons possessing inflience, in order to obtain their assistaice. MIr. Bethell. says that lie may have told Welch that if hie saw there was any reasonable chance of succeeding, hle would mention his'name to thie Lorid Chancellor; bht beyond that made no direct promibe. The amount of the loans from MIr. Welch to Mr. Benthell appears to have reached, betweei. May 0, 2804, and April 30, 1865, in all £1050, witl!out ipterest. MIr. Bothell says that MIr. IHlarding's statement is a lpure in vention; ihe also says, " MIr. Harding sought me oit, and threatened that unless I gave him money, or induced iIr. Welch to give himn money, lhe would come down here and ruin na'bothi." hMr. a-Iarding, on the other hand, nays that hie used no threats to Mr. Bethell, but that Mr. Bethell said "if you appear and give evidenco. I will sholot you." The Rev. iMrI. HIIarding was, according to his own state ment, to have.received one-thirdi of the firther (1000 whlen paid, and ie aftermwards ictually applied by letter to Mr. Welch for thiit peor tioi of the sum i·r. Welch took no notice of the letter; M?ir. IHarding then sent a friend, and ifter?rvinrds employed his solicitor, i Ir.. Goyle,.to write; but ultimately gave ulp the claim on being infbrimed bjr his salicitor that he could not enforce it." •M. RENAN IN EiPT.-The number of the Reovue des Delix MIondes which has jest made its appearance, contsins, a communica tion from the pen of Ernest Renan. MI. Renan believes that he has arrived at dlefinite conclusions,: not only as toqthe period when Amenoplhis and Rameses reigned, when tile Shepherd Kings invaded the Delta, but he also fixes an epoch when civilisation lhand attained a high listate, andti was governed by absolute monarchs, who constructed some of those marvellous .works which astonishqd Hropdlotus, and continue t'o this day. the riddle of the leairned. Ie has found ii the museum now established- by M. Marietta at Cairo, sculptures, .inscriptions, statues, and cartouches which must hIave beeni in existence 4500 years before the Christian era. M. Renan finds sermons in stones, and believes that he has discovered proofs of the existence of long dynasties before" Manethon had col lectedl his list of the kings who reigned over tihe land of Egylpt. A chronological succes sion of 'monarchs, lie states, Ieas been.lately discovered at the great' temple of Ahbydos, which must convince the most incredulous ,that he is right in affirming that he has arrived at a certain knowledge'that Egypt ,possessed a continuous history.much anterior to any that wo have hitherto believed, and WIhich popves that the globe has been peopled by numerous group. of' mankind long beford forme chronoulogists have hitherto imagined. nri. LINCOLN's OPINION 'OF ANDREW JouNSoN.-Ahboit a 'fortnight. before Presi dlent Lincoln wavs assassinated a gentleman was conversing with him when allusion was made to Vice President Johnson. 'Mr. Lincoln oxpressed himself in warm terrms of Mr. Johnson's merits, observing that "he had done nobly for. his country." "He is too much of a man," continued iMr. Lincoln, ".for the American people to cast him off for a single error."-t Now York Evening Post. A .loDeRN ' DoonBEnnY.-Tlhe mayor Of one of the communes iii Prance lately made the following' entry upon his register:--"I Mayor of - , found. yesterday, in the forest of L--- , a man of'the name of Rollin; committing an not ngainist the laws. I coriimanded him to suirenderyswhereupon he seot upon nie, heaped ine with insult and contumnely, calling mea ragamnuflin, an ass, a precious old dolt, and an awlful and contemp tible sca'ecrow-all of which I'hereby certify to be strictly true." ' How TO BUILD A CHEAP HOUSE IN A NEW OOUNT'RY.-An Amei'ican's 'description of a brick house is here:--"I dug' a circle large enough for a yoke of oxen to work in. I then removed tihe loam, dug the. clay one foot deep (any ordinary clay will answer). i tread.this clay with oxen, and add some straw cut three or four inches long. After the clay is well tempered with working it with cattle, the material is duly prepared for making bricks. I then made a mould twelve awny. Tile bricks are pieced upon the lower rground, where they are suffered to dry two Iays, turnitig them up edgeways the second day; then pIacked in a pile, protected from tihe rain, and left to dry ten or twelve days. In all cases, before commencing the walls for thile first storey, dig down to a solid founda tion and fill up with stone to at least one foot above the level of the surface of the ground, and if the stone of tile foundation was laid with lime morltar so much the better, although mine is not laid with anything. These bricks are not burned, but dried in the sun.. You can make the moulds larger or smaller, just as you like. I have built a house twenty.four feet square, with a wing twelve feet, and I would not trade it for any frame house of the same size that I have seen; and I am, satisfied a house buiilt of unburned bricks don't cost half so much, and any aInbonrling man can build his own house." To IaEEP A HORStE'S TONGUE IN HIS HEIAD. - Backwoodsman, Crawford, Pa., writes the Raiual:--" Cover ybur- bit with leather or clotlh, make it large-say an inch in diameter if theo hlorse is bad-let out the oleek straps so that the bit will drop about .to thle bridle tooth, or so that it will almost fall from the mouth. A constant exertion of the tongue to recover the bit to.its proper Iflace has effectually cured every case I have ever tried in a young. horse."-Rural New Yorker. The extraordi iary amount of patronage of all kinds which has fallen into Lord Pal-. merston's hands by the occurrence of vacan cies in the various public establishments since his accession to office, has frequently been rnema'ked. Among other privileges, he hast lad tile appointment of more than halfl the 116 lord-lieutenants of the United King dom. One more yet of these .valued offices fialls into his hands by the death of Viscount Maynard, lord- lieutenant of the county of Essex. Lord Maynard was.pn old man, and his death, though much regretted, has hardly excited.surprise. Yet it is an older man'than he who has the duty of appbinting his suc cessor. A short time since many remarkably rich marriage. lprsents'were brought home from vcurious rjabhs in our Indian empire, who desired to show their loyalty to the' throne andt their affection to the Prince and Princess o' Wales; ilso from European and n'ative subjects in 'the country, and from residents idn Australia, all animated by similar sentiments. Their ro'al highnesses, having kindly con sidered that tpersons interested in India and Australia would be glad to have an opportu nity of seding the munificent gifts, have requested Messrs. Gerrard, the Crown jewel lers, to take charge of them for a few dclays, so that they may be inspected at their estab lishmlinent in the' Haymiatrket. These presents,' and more especially those: firom India, are of an exceedingly costly chatactelr, aind if the native worlkmen have not displayed the skill in setting which Europeanri .artists possess, the potentates for whom the atticles Tere made have shown all that magnificenice for' which Asiatic rulers nie fthmed.' The pre sents froni Australia are also unique, and very valuable.' , The Opinione of Turin says:-The King, of italy liis decided ulpon sending to the Dublin Exhiition an einerald which., hlie possesses, and whiclh is the largest known to exist. It is six inchies long, four broad, and three thick. It has engraved uplonit .the Loid's Supiper, anfter Dominiclhino. This emerald is. incon testably the largest in the world, for the only one.which might have rivalled or even sur passed it was the famous one usedby Julius C'esiir as an eye liiotectot, on nccount of the ophthalmic disordei under which he suffeied, as often as he went to the Circus ; but that emeraldd disappeared:at the fall of the'empire, and hlas iever been folind since . The'site of the Junior Carlton caost' £76,000, and. the entire cost of the site and building will blie about £ O150,00. : According to'Major: . II. Owen, R.A., Professor of Artillery.at the Royal Military Academy, thle cost, per ton, of the different species of gun are-the cast-iron gun, £21; the Armstrong,'£100; Krupp's steel gun, £170; .the Whitworth, £175. On the 8th May a loving couple received tile nupltial benediction ilat Gotha. ' The happy bridegroom, Ml. Ide Lepel, formerly a minister of state ait Weimar, is86 years old; and the bride; Miss MIina de Meyern, only 30. Sit' Henry. Bulwver has sold to the Viceroy' of Egypt a smaill rocky islet owned by him in the Sea of fMarmora for £10,000. As the funeral pageant of Lincoln was passing Chainbers-street, New York, a fine St. Bernard dog suddenly bounded from the side of.his owner, and ran under the funeral car, where he quietly walked along until tihe train reached the terminal point. This curi ous performance is explained by the fact that the dog is laid to have known Mr. Lincoln vwell, hlaving frequently been caressed by him, and was with him the day before he died. While the London auctioneers have been arranging for sale the drawings and other efiects of Jolhn Leech and David Roberts, the Parisian salesmen have been preparing for exhibition the guns, skinso, knive~, tinl other weapons arid huiiting memioriald of the late Jules Gerard, prior to sale" at the" Hotel? Droutot. Some of'the French p'apers speak of a patir of horse-lpistols presented to this daring lion-lhunter by the Count of Paris, Teukishl poniarids of an antique pattern given h"y Abd-el-Kader, a magnificent hunting. knife iand double-barrelled gun presented by thetEmperor of Austria, and especially of a rifle given to Jules Gerard by the Dulke d' Aumale, which firearm was once the means of saving the hunter's.life.. The sportsniati had shot at a lioness, .wounding it in the slhouldel, when a personal combat ensued, the lhunter only saving his life by running tihe stock of his gun down the ainimal's throat. The marks of lian's teeth in the wood will, it is thoughtr, make it an object of active com petition on the day of sale. Preparations are beinig made at Balhoral for the erection of a bronze statue of the late Prince Consort. Mri.: W. HI. Glndstone,' the son of the Chancellort of the Exchequer~, has beconie' a candidate for the city of Chester. A. few days ago, Mr. Gladstone attended a ?publio meeting at Chester. After defending his son from the charge of dividing the liberal party, though he was last of the three liberals in the field, he went on to pronounce an eulogy on himself and his colleagues, and assured the constituents that. if they elected his son he wotuld be sure..to.vote for .his flther's non and he had advised his son, he said, not to be stingy in the extent of his adherence to the liberal opinions. A recent Gazettn contains an official letter from Earl Russell, formally withdrawing belligerent rights from the ships of the so. called Confederate States. Any such vessels that may now be in British ports are forthwith to depart, and, for the last time, United States vessels that may be watching tlhem will be prohibited from doing so before the lapse of twenty-four hours. If the com manders of Confederate vessels wish to divest them of their warlike character they may do so, but at their own risk. Lord Brougham has arrived in London from Paris, in which capital his lordship made a. brief stay on his way home from Cannes. His lordship is in good healh. A very simple ceremony has marked the formal close of a great and memorable passage in the history, not only of Great Britain, but even of the world. ]Mr. Farnall announced a few days ago to the Central Relief-Committee " at Manchester his recall by the Poor Law Board firom the post of special commissioner in the cotton district, which he has now held for three years, and the committee then passed resolutions acknowledging the services of Mr. Farnall and his colleague, Mr. Raw linson, after which the committee adjourned sine die. This proceeding amounts to an official recognition of the end of the great cotton famine, and it applies the breaking up of the entire system of relief throughout the cotton district. Dried flowers, in their natural colours, have for some time past appeared for sale in the slhops. The mode in which the operation is effected is said to be this:-A. vessel with a moveable cover is provided, and having re moved the cover from it, a piece of metallic gauze of moderate fineness is fixed over it, and the cover replaced. A quantity of sand is then taken, sufficient to fill the vessel, and passed through a sieve into an iron pot, where it is heated, with the addition of a small quantity of stearine, carefully stirred, so as to thoroughly mix the ingredients. The quan tity of stearine to be added is at the rate of half a pound to one hundred pounds of sand. Care must be taken not to add too much, as it would .siink to the bottom and injure the flowers. The vessel with its cover on, and the gaiuze beneath it, is then turned upside down, andi the bottom. being removed, the flowers to be operated upon are carefully placed .on the gauze and the sand gently poured in, so as to cover the flowers entirely, the leIves being thus prevented from'touching each other. The vessel is then put in a hiot place, such for instance as the top of a baker's oven, where it is left for forty-eight hours. The flowers thus become diried, and they retain their natural colotrs.. The vessel still remain ing bottom upwards, the lid is taken, off, and the sand runs away through the gauze, leaving the flowers uninjured. It appears that the number of persons receiving relief in the Manchester district from guardians and local committees was lower in Mlay than at any time since the cotton famine commenced, being 75,784. In July last'year the number sunk as loiw as 83,063, and has since bieen as high as 149,9238. The number is lower ndo by 8000 than it was in February, 1862, before the relief committees were established. Since the passing of tile Prison MRinisters Act of 1863, Roman. Catholic priests have been appointed to attend. at -the. following prisons :--At.Liverpool borough gaol, with a salary of £300 a year, graited by the magis trates; at Kirkdale gaol, Lancaster, with £100 a year; at Manchester city gaol, with £100 a year, which is to cover the provision of vestments and all altar appurtenances; at Preston 'House of Correction, with £100 a year; at Durham county gaol, with £50 ,a year; at Northallerton, North Riding, with £40 a yeari at Wakefield, with £100 a year; Surrey IHouse of Correction, Wands worth, £60 a year; Hants county prison, r Winchester, with £40 a year. At WVorcester tcounty prison, at Warwick, at Ripon, .at ;Ilaidstone, at Reading, and at the county , pr'isons of Sussex, a Roman Catholic priest is permitted to visit suich Roman Catholic Sprisoners as do not refuise his ministrations, r but the priest receives no salary from the Srates. The same may be the case at other Sgaols; but in the great majority of English prisons no actual appointment has been made under the noact. Mr. Rodway, the solioitor at Trowbridge who is acting for the defence of Miss Constance Kent, writes to vindicate the Rev. Arthur Wagner in the matter of the money alleged to have been given by the young lady to St. MIary's Hospital. Mr. Wagner told Mir. Rodway that a :large sum had been placed in the box of tile hospital by Miss IKent, and was requested by the latter gentle man to retain it until its applicationeshould be determined on. Mr. Wagner subsequently. piiid the amount to MIr. Kent's order .for the-; defenice and benefit of hig. daughiter. MIr. Rodway adds,." Mr. Wagner has never mani fested any desire to retain this'money for St. Paul'sChurch or St. Mary's Hospital; but, on the contrary, has firom the first expressed his innizity?thit it :'should be used for the benefit of Miss Kent; and be at the disposal of hier family for that purpose." The states of the Church now cover an area of' 214 square geographical miles. The five provinces, Rome and Comarcha, Civita Vecohin, Frosinone, Velldtri, and Viterbo, into which the Pope's territory is divided, contains 692,112 inhabitants. DoG ADND :CAT.- Canine affection' for the preservation of hlfe wvill be illustrated by the following remarkableincident :-About twelve o'clock on Saturday last some mischievous boys threw over the Maida-hill bridge, Kil burn-roadh, a lar·ge black cat, evideiltly with the intention of drowning it. The cat, with as many lives as it is.traditionally reputed to have, struggled hard for life, and for some minutes endeavoured to keep its head above water; liowever, when puss was about to give up the ghost a gentleman happened to pass with a good-sized terrier dog, and at once directed the dog's attention to the diffi culty of poor puss; the gallant terrier at once dnshed in and swam to the rescue, but his friendly efforts were met with such "claw ish " embracemonts that several times he was obliged to retire. At length, after watching his opportunity, he seized the cat by the thick end of thie tail, and, amidst the cheers of the bystanders, broughlt puss ashore. A case of this kind is probably nit on record.-Field. the agent of the underwriters viitsea the wreck he found that the cotton wasi lnpacked, and floating upon tile waves on the rugged shores opposite Rosscarberry. The' sea was whitened for miles with 500 tons of cotton, which it was determined to offer for sale by auction. The highest bidder proved to be a Liverpool speculator, who was asufficiently venturesome to offer £250, or 10s. per ton for the whole quantity. At this figure it wa< knocked down to him, and hie at once set to work to secure the cotton which had been thus cast upon the waters. The sea brought it to the shore as fast as it could be picked up, and soon fifty acres of land were covered with the produce of the cargo, and nearly a hundred men and women were employed in turning it about, after the manner of making hay, until it was dry. It was then piled up in enormous ricks, and ultimately shipped for Liverpool. In this way nearly the whole was saved, and the cotton bought at 10s. per ton was sold for Sd. per lb., or about £50 per ton. The lucky speculator, after laying all ex penses, realised a profit of £20,000 upon his original venture of £.250.-Liverpool Mercury. LORD BRoUGHAMt ON AMERICAN PoLI rrcs.-Lord Brougham was one of the guests at Fishmongers' Hall, on Saturday; and, in replying to the toast, "the House of Peers," took occasion to say :--"If my voice could reach across the Atlantic it would tell our kinsmen that their best friends-those who have been their advocates through good report and through bad report-now pray and beseech them to use the victory which by great courage, great perseverance, and no little military skill, they have gained, in mercy as well as in justice-(cheers)-that they should not stain the scaffold with the blood of their prisoners-(cheers)-that they should recollect that those prisoners whom they call rebels were treated by them as warriors-(chbeers)-that truces were made with them, agreements made with them, sub mission received from them, and that they ought not to think of rendering their cause, which is now triumphant, hatethl, as well as triumphant, by spilling the blood of those captives they have now in their power. (Loud cheers.) Their government consists of men of great ability. Mr. Johnson, the Pre sident, has the merit of having raised himiself from the humblest position in the world, having educated himself, teaching himself to read and afterwards teaching himself to write, making himself, not, indeed, a scholar like my right hen. friend (MIr. Gladstone), yet a well-informed man on all or'dinary questions; and has raised himself step by step to the highest position in tihe country. He is a man personally fitted to succeed in office that admirable person whose murder all Europe so sincerely lamented. (Cheers.) Let it be seen that he has also succeeded to his merciful and just disposition. (Cheers.) I say merciful and just; merciful as well as just, just because merciful; aye, and useful to them selves as well as mercitul and just; for it is only by pursuing such a course that they will prove themselves equal to the crisis of their country's fate, and perform that work which now iemains for them to do in restoring har mony and union in that great continent. (Cheers.) I hope these words will reach the other side of the Atlantic, which they may rely on it speak the sense of all England and all Europe on this great and important question." (Loud cheers.) CURE FOR BEE STrNos.-Dr. Andrew Bush, Setzler's Siore, Chester Co., Pa., says that one drop of strong spirits of hartabshorn will in an instant remove the pain caused by the sting of a bee, wasp, or hornet. It should be at'hand in every family where there are children. Smiles of gratitude shining through tears of distress will often repay the thought ful mind that provides and the quick hand that applies.the remedy. He also recom mends the same article for the remQving of grease spots. The Emperor Napoleon is said to have already received for his right of authorship of the first volume of the Life of Caesar 40,000f. (£l1600.) If his \Majesty had not made over the profits of this work beforehand to the * children of his late secretary, MI. Moequard, as well as to MI. Pietri, &o.;, he would have received642,000f. (£25,680.) On hearing this the Emperor said, " Decidemenot je vois gu'en.F'ance on peut vive'o do so plume." "I see people can live by their pen in France." A DANISH COUrsHIPn.-- Madame Heiberg is the widow of the eminent author whose name she bears. Before becoming acquainted with her future husband she was engaged to a man quite, unfitted for her, who, amongst his other gifts, possesed a rare amount of avarice. One day in early spring, the lady and her ungenerous swain were driving, in a hired coach, along an avenue in the park near Copenhagen. The gentleman in a fit of unusual ill-humour, drove on and on without saying a word. The actress, out of patience, broke silence at last. Opening both doors of the coach, "Monsieur," she said, "the best plan is to put an end to this. Do you get out at your door; I mean to get out at mine. Adieu for ever!" Upset at first by the sudden rupture, which he did not in the least expect, he reflected an instant, and then seemed to agree to the proposition. "But which of us," he asked "is to pay tihe fare ? " ON BOOK LENDINo.-Sir Walter Scott once lent a book to a friend, and as he gave it to him, begged that he would not fail to returnit, adding, good-humoredlv--"although most of my friends are bad arithmeticians, they are all good book-keepers." ''This jest of Sir' Waiter's reminds us of some poet's witty verses, entitled "The Art of Book- keeping," from which we give a few stanzas: I, of my Spenser quite bereft, Last winter sore was shaken; Of Lamb i've but a quarter left, Nor could I save my Bacon. They picked my Locke, to me far more Than Bramah's patent worth; And now my losses I deplore, Without a Home on earth. They still have made me slight returns, And thus my griefs divide; For, ohl they've cured me of my Burns, And eased my Akenside. But all I think I shall not say, Nor let my anger burn; For as they have not found me Gay, They have not left me Sterne. A New York letter states that when Gene ral Lee was informed of the murder of Mr. Lincoln, he exclaimed, " horrible! horrible !" refused to listen to the dreadful details, and abshut himself up in hisda house. The Confede rates confined at Richmond held meetings, a French officer to establiseh a mint:t Pekinj, at which Cilinei e coins are to be mande, after the model of thliose of France. According to a letter from Lemberg, a serious fire has occurred at B3ely. In an hour and a half 100 hoisos were consnmed, and 4000 poor Jewish famnilies were left without shelter. The damalge exceeds 400,000 florins. A uhbscription has been seet on foot by the local authorities. 