THE X.Y.Z. CLUB. On Friday night this Club entertained a large audience at tho Cornwall Assem bly Kooms, in nid uf the fuuds of tbe Benevolent Society, when the members of tbe Club acquitted themselves, if any tWt 'fJ^J1 tlW onany prevwujj occa sion. It is a matter of some dUatwTi rant to them that on wcu a,, S ul'| and for such a purpose, tho eri&l; went was not more numeriftsly atteuH i'l The ladies outnumbered the geXdl very considerably. 'The SpwTro&l; groom or a Ghost iu spite 'of Uin,'fe was played with much racy bum™ -I, would be invidious to name auv m, ? particular amongst the characters 'vhe'n all were so good. The ' youugfe had rather gruff voices for the8 3 sex and require to wear their crinoK* little longer to hecoruoau/art to their m a agemeiit, which is, utter all, only ^ obtained by practice The du/tt ../? gently breathe,' elicited continued Jr plause .' The Burlesque of lU?;,,?1' Crusoe' was also very good. CS' was indeed llobinson of the old stort^J' seeiuod to bo quite at-homo with ' and pLstols hanging all over him T' day's 'Stump Oration' was niost'lauVi!' able. The accompam tnent to ' Tha n *' of the Bevelu/waavory.wSgSS by a young lady to her brothers ,£,, Warn no judges of Uussell's bThS^S will not venture beyond our denth i? cnticisiug the performance. ' Boadi™ the Beautiful' closed the eritertauTS when Messrs Israel and Reid acted mo t admirably; thofor.uer ns tbe 'Onea?! and tho latter as 'Julius Cmsar'' Mr I. Volfie 18 ?ne of we compass and well worth cultivation. Tlie audieni recognised its excellence by great' applauding bis song. As to S Israel, bia acting must bo seen to be appreciated. Tbe wholo CoT uauy acquitted themselves very ere ditably and the evening was riarkai throughout by cheers and applause clearli proves that their success was complete Wo liope soon to hear of another such en' tertamineut, indeed hud it been repeated on Monday night the room would have been well filled. Iu conclusiua v» wish every success to the talented mem. beraoftueX.Y.ZOIub. 