THE TURF. 9 (Fro:// the llcrald.') EHonicbiigit Eaces. \- Finsx Day.— Monday. The revival of races on the favourite and time honoured coiu'se at llomebusb, ha3, so far, proved a most complete success.. Not only were the pro moters of the good old English, sport at Homo bush successful in regard to weather on- this, the first day of their revival meeting — for it was a lovely day, notwithstanding the somewhat too fervid rays of the sua in the earlier part of the -lay — but their enevgc-tic efforts of the last few weeks eventuated iu the assemblage of an immense eo'. courso of people ou Monday, numbeung from 10 000 to 32,000 poi sons. It was stated by many persons on llouday who are well acquainted with tho race westings at lloniebush in previous years, that such a large number had never congregated .011 the old course before. From an early hour in tlie morning, aud up to two or three o'clock in the afternoon, the excursion train's from Sydney, and , those from Parramatta, Gampbelltown, &c.;, were thronged ; while a large number of other persons . patronised the road — the good old road — and were conveyed to the race-course iu vehicles of almost every shape, size, colour, aud variety. There was also an immense number of horsemen present from all parts of the couutry within a radius of 20 miles!. The position- of the row grand — an unpreten 1 tious and certainly a defective erection in many ! points— at the foot of tho hill, near the straight | running ground, precludes the possibility of a view j-of the horses going-round tho back of tho course I but this is to a great extent unavoidable, from the | peculiar conformation of the ground. The only : point from which a good view of tho course could be obtained would be tho summit of the hill, and j that would be too far distant from the run in to 1 be available for official purposes. Wo understand : j that the steward-, encouraged by the patronage j' which the public gave the race meeting. on Monday ! intend to make important alterations, with a view .of giving increased comfort and accommodation to the public at the nest meetiug. The booths, of which there were several 011 the giound, did a good business throughout the day; aud the stewards expect Lo te ceiva a consi derable revenue from, this source iu the future. There was very little drunkenness, or other broaches of propriety to render -the services of the polico necessary yesterday ; but the duty of keeping the course clear immediately before each race and while it was being run, was a difficult one, and there was certainly not a sufficient force 011 the ground to effect this important object. Fortunately, however, there wcro.no accidents arising from this cause. There was, indeed, but one accident that we beard of, from any'sourco during the day, and that was from the falling of Mr Tail's Falcon,, at tho back of the course, when muiiing in a prominent position for the Maiden i'late. The jockey (Martiueer) was hurled houdlong to the ground, but fortunately escaped comparatively unhurt, although the two horses immediately behind- him jumped over him. The horse was not so fortunate, as thero was a largo pieea cut out of his stifle and ho was other wise injured. The course was very hard indeed — moro like George-street than- a race-course. Tlio favorites were singularly unfortunate. Sir Solomon was a hot favorite for the Maiden Plate, but lie had not the ghost of a ohanco against Mr. Coboroft's Voltigour.. For the Ilomebush Re vival nothing would go down but Muemon, and he was backed for level money against tho field; but ho made a hollow show of himself by run-, ning fifth, tho race being cleverly won by Mr. Kyan's Brisbane. Roman was 011 equally good favorito for the Publicans' Purse, but hero again tho pot bailed over, and the favorito obtained j naught but tho empty honor of third, place; Actaun having won the race with comparative j ea.se. Thero could scarcely be said to be any | favorites for the two remaining events on the I car.!. Tho sport, 011 the whole, was of a high order, and the time excellent. Punctuality was adhered to as closely as possible throughout the day, and tho oliioials of tho meeting gave the [ utmost satisfaction. Mr. District Judge Cheeke, ' Mr. J. T. Ryan, M.L.A., Mr. M. M. Cohen, and 1 Mr. B, Richards acted as stewards; Mr. J. F. Downes was judge; the joint duties of secretary and treasurer were performed by Mr. T. Dawson, while Mr. W. G. llonfry acted as starter and clerk of the course. With regard to the railway, the arrangements .for conveying people to Ilomebush could scarcely '.have been better, and those for taking them away ; could not have beau worse. Huudrods of per sons stood, on the railway platform for upwards of 1 three hours before a train was in readiness to. eotr Ivey thein to their respective localities, and an infij i- ely larger number waited upwards of: two hours a3 stated. Wary of those who bad paid for lirst-class carriages were glad enough to get back ?in a horse box or a cattlo pen. 'A great improve ment must bo mode in the railway arrangements if the Homcbush races are to suceecd. With this by way of preliminary, wc append a f detailed account of the racing. ! First Race. — Tho Maiden Plate of 100 fova., with a sweep of 3 sovereigns added, for all maiden horses (including winners of two-year-old stakes) at the timo of entrance;, weight for age; second horso to receive 25 sovereigns out of the stakes ; distance Ii mile; no maiden allowance; penal lies for winning after entrance, onco 51b, twico or . more 7 lb. Mr. E. Cobcroft's gr c Voltigeur. 8 years, 7stl3 lb, by Cossack (Logg.it). ? 1 . Ucorge Young lis b g Sir Solomon, 4 years, 8 fit 9 lb, by Cossack out of Mnrian (Young) 2 J. Dillon's cli g Iiut-pui-, o.yein'3, 8 st 13 lb, by Sir Charles — ilinn unkuoivn (lving) ? 3 W. Town's b e Bnekslone, 3 years, 7 St 13 lb, by Potentate, out of 'J^vin. O'Malley's b f Colleen 13awn, 3. years, 7st 11 lb, by Sir Heretilos, out of Lndy JUvy. J. Tait's cli g Falcon, 3,years, 7. st 10,1b, by Cossack. Betting : G to 4 against Sir Solomon, 0 to 1 against eaeli of tlio others. Sir Solomon declared ;o carry three pounds over weight. Tho lot appeared to get away well together, and there was but little difference in their position when they readied tho stand, which was passed as f Hows : — Voltigeur first, Sir Solomon second (two lengths behind tho leader), Falcon third, and Buckstone fourth, a dozen lengths, in the hoar. This order was. maintained until they were lost to view behind the hill, and when tlioy emerged Voltigeur was still leading, and apparently had it all his own way, while Sir Solomon was still lying second. At t'no distance Sir Solomon mado i a game but fruitless effort, for he could not get nearer than two lengths of Votigeur — a r-ink : outsider in the betting — and thus the favorito had to be content with second money,. Hotspur was ? third about a dozen lengths behind the second horse. Time, 2 minutes 5G seconds. Falcon fell in this race when running prominently, as noticed elsewhere, and bis jockey was somewhat heavily shaken by the fall. Second Racc. — Homcbush Revival, of 75 sovereigns, with a sweep of 3 sovereigns added, for all borsc-s ; weight for age ; LV mile, winners at starting of any £100 prise 71b extra, of j£'200 or over 101b extra.. Tho second -horso to rcceivc 10 sovereigns from the prise. Mr. J. T. Itynn'a gr.g Brisbane, -tj'i-s. 8st Oib (.T. ICain) ? ? 1 G. K, AValdrou's b g Birmingham, 5 yrs. 8st 131b (Donnelly) ? ? ? 2 Vf. Town'slb b H»emon, o yrs 9st 2lb ? 3 John Tait'sl) g Presto, aged. -Bst lib A M'Gregor's b g Gladiator, aged, Ost lib P. 31. Doyle's ch g 'Marcus, 5 years, 8st 131b George White's br g Kafiir, 5 ycras, Sat 13lb. Betting: Even on Mnemon, 2 to 1 against Marcus, 3- to 1 against Brisbane. Immediately after tho start the lot bogau to tail olf, and in passing the stand Kaffir ivas leading with Gladiator second, Mnemon third, and Marcus fourth: — Several chauges must have taken placo at the back, of the courso, for when they again appeared in viow Marcus bad a strong ' lead, with several others all in. a heap, behind, ? Presto and Birininghaai being well up. The pace was too severe for Marcus, and he fell oft' ? at the distance Kain gave Brisbane his head, and he at onoe rushed past his horses and secured first place, Birmingham whipping for second placo aud old Presto- third* Time, 2 minutes 55 seconds.. Third Race. — Publicans' Purse of 50 sove reigns, with a sweep of 2 sovereigns added, for all horses; weight for age ; once round and a distance : the winner to be sold for v£50; If* entered to be sold for £40, to bo allowed J lbs. ; if for £30, 14 lbs.; if for £20; 21 lbs. Any surplus realised over the valued entry to go to tlio rnco fund'. The winner to be sold by auotioD immediately after tbo race., £o0— Mr Ohai'hs iirorris's b h Aetajon, C years, 0 st 1 )). (ttiiddeU). ? ? ? 1 £20— Mr J. D:. Bray's b g Tlio Wizard, aged, 7 at j 8 lb (Gray) ? ? ? ? 2 ! £u0 — Mr J-ohn Driseoll's br h ltoinanco, 41 years, ! S it 12 lbs (Driseoll) ? ? ? ? 3 £30 —Mr George Young's ns b g Prince, aged, 8 st 1 Ilj £20 — Mr Merry's oil g TXetman Platofl',, 6 years, 7st81b. Retting — even on Romance, 6- to -4 against Actason, aud longer odds against the others lie tiu an' Phitolf declared to carry -5^ lb., over weight, atid'Princo~carried''2A- lb. overweight. A very even start was effected, aud the lot kept well together past the stand, Prince having a slight advantage, with Aetseju and the Wizard close on his flanks. P-iinco- gradually fell ofl',' giving place to Actcaon in the first and then to tlio Wizard. Aclajcou had tho race to himself after this, and camo home hard' held : tho Wizard whipping for second placo, and Romance for third place. Time, 2 minutes 47 seconds, j After tlio race. Actroou was offered for Eale, aud bought in for .£53. Fourth Race. — Hurry Scurry of - SO sovereigns with a sweep of one sovereign added, for all horses ;. woight for age once round and a dis tance, The winner to b'o sold for -£30, any sur plus to go- to the race fund, Mr. J Dillon's b g Bannaghor, -C yoars, 0 Ht l ib (King) ? ? ? ? ? ? 1 Connnck Smith's gr g Victory, C years, b st 13 lb '(Holmes) ? ? ? ? ? 2 Joseph SehuJUiId's cli m Dolly, 4; yeurs, 8 st 10 )b. (Willis) ? ? 3 George White's b g St Giles, agod, 9st 1 lb John Tail's br g Claret 4 years, 8 st 9 lb Merry's b g Dreadnought, 5 years, &st; 13 lb There was scarcely any betting ou this race, a3 tho horses were, for the most part, unknown. Claret led in passing tho stand tho first time, Vic tory being second mid St. Giles third. Several changes tookplaco at the. back of tho courso, and eventually,, after a splendid struggle, Banuagher was hailed the winner, victory being second, and Dolly third. The others nowhere. Time, 2 minutes 47 seconds. Tho winner was sold for JS13. Fifth Race. — Hack-race of 1 0 spvereigns, with a sweep of ono sovereign added ; catch weights ; post entry ;, once round the courso. Winner to bo sold for £15, any surplas to go to the race fund. ' . Mr. J. W; Bray's JiunpbucU ? ? ? ? ? 1 F.ico's Jenny Lind ? ? 2 Ti Dawson s Bluskin ? -;.„J ? ? ? g: II Mienammrn's Dick Tui-pin A. Abbott's Gentlo Annib ?\Vuterlionse's Gardiner B. Richard's Wiry G. 1C. Waldron's Prince. There was absolutely 110 betting on tlys race. After several futile attempts tljo horses got away upon tolerably equal forms, and', when about half-way round tho course, settled down into their places. Jumbuck won tho race hard . held, -J enny Lind being a v.ery, good second, and Blueskin third. This ended tho day's sport, and- the thonsands of people who had witnessed it. were, in n short ' time, in full retreat homeward. 