" '' OÙ» MITTU A.'t , PRIBÍTD,. I , T , "-,,..., . i BTOfíAIH,M'p'bK|tWr?.??...» - I . ; ' ' (Ccmtinned.) I T iras soxtoii-tatk of piling esrtb abor« John Her aflaigbt loop-, wai not ooodaoive to a rand aleep ; SkJteomith had aome broken morning; reat, and . .oarrngtbened in his purpose. It was all over now. çlos* should trouble Mr; and Hrs. Boffin's pe JOVWMB- and voice'ess, the ghost should look on i Kati« «hile longer at the state of exisieooa oat of w it tod departed, and then should for ever cease to hi A»tten»J in which it had no plaoe. Be westover itali again. He had lapsed into condition is wbiob be found himself, aa mac ?aaa* lapse« into many a conditio-, without parc AsfT toa omumolatifc' power of ita separate ciro ?fcanKM, When in the distrust engendered by wretobed childhood and action for evil - sever yet (and witbii his koonledie then-of h's father and Sitter's wealth on all within their influence, heooneei tV» ide» of his first deception, it was meaat to . lawuiless, it waa to last bnt a fear hours or days, it to involve in it only the girl so capriciously forced n Ks», and opon whom he «aa so capriciously fo'oed, "slaw honestly meant «ell towards her. for, if he ', 4«wjá ber unhappy in the prospect of that marri f tBrosgb ber heart inclining to ano.her man or for i i cilcr eanse), he would s'rionsly bave sa:d : " Tbl aotaiber of tba old pirrerted otes of the misery-rusk maoej. I will let it tro to me and my sister's o jrvtectors and friends." Whoa the snare into wb -Tb» fe)] so outstripped bis first Intention ai that . fitaad himself placarded by the police, authorities u] nfc» »«don walla for dead, he confu-edlt accepted aid that fell apon him, without considering ho« fin 5* nest seem to fix the Boffins in their accession to laue. : When he saw them and knew them, i .ran from his vantage-ground of inspection oo i fins) a» fia» in them, he asked himself, " J .Statt 1 come to life to dispossess anon pee sa» these?" There was BO goad: to set agai Vtm platting of them to that hard pri 3}* had heard from Balla'a own lip« when he st ? tapping at the door on that night of hts taking i fixating*, that the marriage would have -been on pur» thoroughly mercenary. He had since tried I .'äaHa«trn nnknotro person and supp o-ed station, i ak» nat only rejeoted his advances bot resented tbi Was it for him to have the shame of buying her, or wanness of punishing her ? Yet, by co a lng to as* accepting the coodition of the inheritance, he m . tfa> Ibo. former and by coming to lite and rejecting 5t»ms»t do the latter. \- .Aaetaer -xmsequence that he had never foreibado* -maithe implication of an innocent man in his auppo SBBTABT. He would obtain complete retraolion from '"awsjwer, and set tbe wrong right; but eleirly i "wsw»g could never have been done if he hid ne jjaunaad a deception. Tben, whatever ineonveaiei .r «Estrés» of -mind the deception cost him, it i \- sznafrJ repentantly to acceptas among its consequent and snake no complaint. \- Tho s John Rokesmith in the morning, and it bar ?Ads Harmon still many fathoms deeper than he I ¡Ham turfed in the night. .Gaiogout earlier than he was accustomed to do, eassontered the cherub at the door. Tba cherub's w .ava» for a certain space bis way, and they wilt . ftmrtnvr. . . ? lt waa impossible cot to notice the chango in t «ätraVä appearance. Tbe oherub felt very consoioui ; ÜV and modestly remarked: "A present from i «"?achter Bella, Mr. Rokesmith." - . lae words gave the Secretary a stroke of pleaan 1 fti- he remembered tbe fifty pounds, and he still lov , Ik*girL Ko doubt it wai very weak - it always .TBvy weak, aome authorities hold-bat he lovedtt . don't know wbother you happen to have re : tanaa« booka of Afrlcsn Travel, Mr. Rokesmith ? ' st X. WV ? . .?I have read several.'' . "Well, you know, there's usually a King George, : »King Boy, or a King; Sambo, or a King Bill or Bu . anr Burr, or Junk, er ; whatever name the Bailors m jam« happened to give bim.' . «mato t" asked Rokesmith. ' . , . 1 . .^Anywhere. Anywhere in Africa, I mean.. Prêt : '«nil,everywhere, I may say; for blaok kings.a . «ftaap^-snd I think"-said Ii. \V., with an apologel air, "nasty '* .- am muob of your opÎDionj Mr. Wilier. Toa we gens to say-?" , * î 'Wis going to Bay, the kine; ia generally dressed ! misado» hat only, or a Manchester pair of braces, i .use epaulette, or nn uniform coat with bis legs in ll afaorree or something ot thnt kind. ' ; "Jsat so," said the Secretary. ; "Jo eonfidoBoe, I assuro yon, Mr.- Rokesmith, i aita-Tcd the choerful cherub, " that when more of n Jaattly were at homo and to te provided for, I med I oscBbid myself immemly of ¿bat king. You hat : m idea: as a single man, of the difficulty I have hu ia wearing more than one good arliola at a tittie." ? ? "Ï «an easily believe U Mr. Wi f.r." . i ' "I'eaVy ? mention it," said It. \V. ia the. warmth < Bsiabeart, ''aa a proof of tho aroiiblr; delicate, and coi autrate ' nfkotioi of my daughter Bella. If she ha . Bama little spoilt, I couldn't have thought so ver mm! of it, und*r .tho oircamstunoes. But no, ¡nt » kif- And abe ia so very pretty ! I hope you aère tóame-in finding ber very pretty. Mr. Rokesmith V "Certainly I do. ;:Every'one must.'' » I hope BO/ said the oherub, " Indeed, I hare n Anfea of it. Th's is a greit advancement for her ii SUV, Mr. Rokesmith. A- great openiug of he praspects Î' '.,- "Miss Wilfer could have no better friends than Mi sod Mrs. B.ffin." : 1 . "Impossible I ' said the gratified cherub. " Reall, 3 tagia to think things, ore very - well as they are . , 3f Mi. John Harmon.had lired-"1 ' 44 He is better dead " said the Secretary. ' ..Nov I won't go so far ns to ? say that," urged tin (èinb, a little remonstrant against tho very decieiv andonpitjing tone; "bnt he raluhtn't have suitei '3ieBa,'or Balla mightn't have suited bira or fifty things urbtteas now I hope she oin choose far herself." "HM she-as you pince the confidence in me o o^taking on tho subject, yon will e.xoo o my asking laos abe - parhapB-abosen ?" faltered tbe Seer tory. , * Oh dear no I" returned B.W. ".Young Ladies sometimes," Rokesmith hinted "?efesose without mentioning their choice to theil «aera.'* f1 Net in thia easo, Mr. Rokosmith, Between raj : Jjmghter Bjlla and nie there is o' recolar league am lE/oeoontof confidence, lt was ratified only tho other . ¿bj; The ratification dates from-these," siid tht '. oberab, " giving a litt'o pull at the lippels of his ooal storsi »be pockets of his treus'm. 4 Oh no, she has liol .ofcosea. .To be sure, young George Sampson, in tho dayl nAeoWr. John Htrmon-" u Who I wish had never leen born I" said tho Beare' Ö»TV with a gloomy brow. . K. W. looked at him with surprise, as thinking ht , Sad emtrictcd an unaccountable spito against tb o pooi rtraeosed, and continued > "In the day J «hon Mr. Join; ISüOon was being Bought out, yoong George Samps in otrtainly wai hovoring about Bella, and Bolla let him lover. But it noter wits seriously thought of, and it's , srtâïï loss than ever to bo thought of now. Por Bella saatbitious, Mr. Rokesmith, and I think I mty perd'ot ísnH matry fortune. This time, you see, she will'have nba person und the proptrly before her together, and TVÏI be able to make her choice with' her eyes open. 3Ve is roy road. 1 ara very Berry to patt oompany so ¡ao*o_ Good morning, sir 1" The SeoreUry pursued his way, not very mnoli »i**nted in spirits by this conversation, and arriviog fkt tbe.Boffin mansion, found Betty Uigden waiting for nisi. - "?1 should thank you kindly, Bil." said Betty, " if 1 nñgbt make eo bold ns have a word or two wi' yon." Bb» should havo as many words as she likoJ, bo told ùrst; and took ber into his roon, andmado her sit cfc WD. : *-Tii ooneorning Sloppy,'sir/' said Betty.' "And fftat'sho* 1 corns hero hy mtaelf. Not wishing him tokrjow what I'm a-gotng t.i say to you, I got the stirt af bim early and walked np." ' "Yon havo wonderful on argy,' rotnrned Rokoimitb, .»?To» are u young as I nm." Betty Higden gravely , shojk her head. " I am afsung for my time of life, air, but not young, thank Ibo lotd!" "Aroyon thankful for not being youngt" ' "Yes,,sir. If I wa« yonng,'lt. would all have lobe gene through ngnin, and the end would bs a weary way off, don't you son 1 But never mind me ¡ 'tis concerning Sippy." " And whnt about him, Betty ?" "'Tis Jost this, slr. lt cnn t bc reasoned out of his Used by nny po wir 4 of mino but what that ho can do right by your kind lady and gentleman and do bis woi lc Sa me, both together. Now be oan't. To givo himself 3ç»t» being pat In the woy of arning a good living and j getthtg on, be must glvo me tip. Well | ho won t." ml reipect him for i',' said Rokoimith. ; "flow, Betty T»». ' ," . '. - ; "Pm »-going lo ron aw»y from Mm,''.' " ! . With »n MtopUbod I»V,Hb» fndomiUblo oia fsee ind (be bright eye», the Secretary reponer "ïf0" »W from bim r' . ' Yoi «ir," «ltd Betty, with one nod, And ia tbo nod and in the - firm «et of her mouth, there was s vigour of parpóse not to bs doubted. I ' Come, come f «sid the ' Seeretray. , " We mest talk: abo -t this. Let ua take oar time over it, and ; try j to get at the trna sense of the ease and the true course, by degrees." j "Now, tookee here, m j dear,'* re'n-nel old Betty "asking your exouse for being so familiar, hat being of . time of life a'most to be your grandmother twice over. Now, 1 »kee, here. 'Tis a poor living and ' a hard as is to hs got out of th» work that Pm a doing now, and but for Sloppy I don't know as I shon'd have held to it this long Bat it did Just krep un on, the two together. Now that I'm alono-with even Johnna gone I'd far sooner be opon BIT feet and tiring of mjaelf out, than a sitting folding and folding by the fire: And I'll tell yon why. There's a deadness steals over me at times, that the kind of life favours aid I don't like. Now, I seem to hare Johnny in my arms-now, his mother now, his mother's mother-now, I seem ti be a child myself, a lying ono« agiin io the arms of my own mother-then I get numbed, thought and senses, till I start out of my seat, afeerd that I'm a growing like the peor old peop'e that they brick np in the Unions, as yon may sometimes see when they let 'em eat sf the four walls to have a warm in the san, crawling quite scare! about the streets. I was a n'mble girl and have always teen a active body, as I told your lady, Grut time ever I see ber good fice. ( caa still walk twenty mill if I a-n put to it. I'd far ' better be a 'walking than a getting numbed and dreary. I'm a good f .ir knitter, and can maka many little things to sell. The loan from your lasJy and gentleman of twenty shillings to fit oat a basket with, would be a fortune for me. Trudging round the country and tiring of myself out, I I shall keep tha deadnesss off, and get my own bread by my own labour. And what more can I want?" I " An! this is your plan," said th»' Seo rotary, " for running away?" "SboJr mo a better! Hy deary, show me a better ! Why, I know very well," sail old Betty Higden, "'and yon know very well, that your lady and gentleman would set me up like a qnecn for tho rest of my life, if so be that we could mike it right among ns to have it so. Bat we can't make it right among us to have it so. I've never took obarity yet nor yet baa any ene belan- ing to me. And it would be forsaking of myself indeed and forsaking of my ohildren dead and gone and for- saking of their children deed and gone, to set apa contradiction sow at last.'.' " It might come to be Jnstifiab'e and unavoidable at Issi," the Seoretary gently hinted, with a slight stress on the word. " I hope it never will I It eln't that I mean to give offence by being anyways proud, said the old creature simply ' ' but that I want to be of a piece like, and help ful of myself right through to my death." "And to hs Burp," added the Secretary as a comfort for her, " Sloppy will be eagerly looking forward to hil opportunity of being to you what you have been to him." , "Trnst him, for that, sir t" .said Betty, cheerfully. '. Though he bad need to be something quick about it, for I'm a getting to be an old one. But Ima strong one too, , and travel and weather never hurt nie yet I Now, he so kind as speak for me to your lady and gen- tleman, and tell'em what I ask of their good friendli- ness to let me do, and why I ask it." The Seoretary 'oit that there was no gamsajing what was ttrged by this brave old heroine, and he presently repaired to Mrs. Boffin and recommended her to let Betty, Higden have her way, at all events from the time. "''It would be far moro satisfactory to your kind heart, I know," be s »id " to provide for her, but it'may be a duty to respeot this Independent spirit." Mrs. Boffin was not proof againit the consideration set before her. She andherhnsbandhod corked too, and bad brought their simple faitb and honor olein ont of dust heaps. If they owed a duty to Betty Higden of a surety that duty must be done. .'?.'" " Bnt, Betty," said Mrs. Boffin, wVen she ncoompanie d John Rokesmith'baok to his room, and shone upon her with the light of bor radiant face, " granted all o'se, I think I wouldn't run away;" ,. '."'Twould oome easier to Sloppy," said Mrs. Higdon, finking har head, j«'Twould oome easier to mo too.. But 'tis as j on please." : ." When would you go Î" " Now .! aaa the bright, and ready. '^To-day, my deary, to-morrow. -BleBiye, I amused to.it. I know nmay parts of the'country well ' When nothing else ' was to te done, I have worked in many, a market-gar- den afore now,, nod in many a hop-garden too." */If Igl»e my consent to your'going,Betty-which . Mri Rokesmith thinks I ought to do- " .' .', . Betty thanked him with a grateful curtsey; "-We! mutt ' not lose ei$ht of you. We most not let you pass out of our knowledge. We mutt know all about yon." ' . " Yee, my deary, but not through letter-writing, be oausa letter-writing- indeed, writing of most sorts - hadn't much oome up for suoh as. me when I was young. But I shall be to and fro. No fear of my missing a chnice of giving myself a sight'of y our reviving face. Besides," said Botty with' logioal gocd faitb, ' I shall have a debt to pay off by littlos, and. naturally that ', would bring me back,',tf nothing else would" .. Must it bB done?" asked Mn. Boffin, still reluctant of the Secretary. . ¡ ¡ ' "I think it matt." After more d'émission it was »greed that it should be done, and Mrs. Boffin summoned Bolla to noted >wn the. little purohàses that were neoessary to tel Betty np iii I trade. ' Don't yon be timoron«;for me, my dear," «aid I, the stanch old heart, observant of .Bella's face ; "whoa I take my teat with my work, olean and basy and fresh in a oountry martol-p'ace, I 'shall turn a sixpence as eura as ever a farmer's wifa there." :, ; ; j . The Sojrotary took that opportunity of tou'o'.ing on tho practical question bf Mr. 'Sloppv'a''easabilities. " He would havo made à wonderful cabinet maker," ea:d' Mrs. Higden, " if there had been the money to put'him to it" Kbe had seen - him handle tools that ho had bor rowed to mend the mangle, or knock a broken p'ooeof furniture toge' her iu a surprieing mío nor. As to bon . struoting toys for Minders, out of nothing, ho had done that dilly. .Andonee as many as a dozen peop'e had got together in the lane to seo the noalnois with whioh he fitted the broken pircos of a foreign monkey's musi- cal instrument. « That's well," said the Secretary. " It will not bo hard to find a,'trade-far him. . . John Harmon being buried ondór mountains now, the Secretary that very same day sot himself to finish h's aft"iii s and have done with bim". He drew np au ample J dro'aratlon, to bo signed by Rogue Riderhood .knowing bo could g-t his signature lo it Dy making; him another and much shorter evening oall), and then'considered to whom should he give thedoou.nent ? To Heiam's Eon, or dinghterf Rosolved speedily, to tho daughter. . But, it would be earer to avoid toeing tho daughter, booauso the ton had teen Julius Ffandfard, and-he coull not be to careful-there might possibly be some oomptrison of notes between the son nnd dauihte-, which vrou'd awaken slumbering suspioioo, and lead to'co'.'soquehcee. " I might even," ho reflected " be apprehended *\ hav- ing boen concerned ? io my own murder!',' Thorefore, b.'Bt sen I it to the daughter nnder oover by the post. Pleasant Riderhood bal undertaken to lind out where she lived, and it was not necessary that it should be attended by a single word of explanation. So far straight. But, all that ho know of ? tho dtughter ho derived from Mrs. Boffin's aco'unts of what, sho heard from Mr.: Lightwood, who seemed to havo a reputation for his manner of relating a Btory, and to have made this story qui'e hil own. It interested him, and ho would like to havo the moans of knowing: more-as, for Ínstanos, that she recolvcd tb.'exonerating piper, and that it satlefiod ber-by opening some obsnnel altoge- ther in lependoat of Lightwood i who likoiriso bad soon Jnlius Handford, who had publicly nlvertised for Julius . Handford, and whom of all men he, the Secr.tiry, most avoided. ' Bat wivh whom tto common oourse of ttiugs might bring mo in a moment furo te face, any day ii the week or any hour iii the day." Now, to cast about for sono likely mc ana bf opening su-h a channel. The Loy, Hexham, was training fur and -with a solioolmnster. . The Seoretary knew lt, beaans9 his aUtei's abare in that dhpisal of him seemed to be the boat part of L'ghtwood'a acosunt of tho family. . This young fellow. Sloppy, stood in mel of some instruction. If lie, tho Seoretary, engaged that I schoolmaster to impart it to him, the rhtnnel might be j oponed. Tbo next point was, did Mri. Dollin know tho schoolinns'cr's nauio T No, hut she know wheio the «ohaol was. Quito enough. Promptly the Seoretary wrote to the owstir of tint solio.d, nnd that vory eton ing Bradley Ilondstono onsworel In person. Tho Sicrclary B'ated to tho Soho'.lmas'er how lin object wa», to send to him for cort tin occasional (ven- ing instruction, a jouth whoni Mr. nnd Mrs. Bollin wished to help to an industrious and us-ful placo in I life. Tho Schoolnmlor wu willing to uudertnke the charge of such a pupil. Ilia Seoretary inquired on \ what termal Tho Bohrolmaiter stated on what terms. «M»y I tvs y, i(r," i .id Bradley Heads'one, 'to when good opinion: I owp a ^commendation to yon T" " Ynuihpuid know rhat I «rn sot the principal bera, I »rn Mr, Boffin i Secretary, Mr, Boffi« ii a (Tantiemen wbo inherited . property of whish jon may h»re heard eonte pnblio mention ; ' the Harmon property . " Mr. Hannon,' said Bradley : who would nave been a great deal more at a loss than he waa, if be had known to whom he Bpoke : " waa murdered, and found in the river." ' Was murdered and found in the river." "It wai not-" "No," interposed the Secretary, smiling, "ii was not fae who recommended you. . Mr. Boffin heard of yon through a certain Mr. Lightwood.- I think yon know Hr. Lightwood, or know of him f* " I know aa m-:ch of bim aa I wish (o knew, air. I have no acquaintance with Hr. Lightwood,' and I desire none. ' I hare no objection to Hr. Lightwood, bat I have a particular objeotioa to some of Hr. Lightwoods friends-in short, to one of Hr. Lightwoods friends. His great friend." He oonld hardly get the words ont, eren then and there, so fierce did he grow (thongh keeping himaelf down with infinite pains of repression), when the care- less »nd comtemptuout bearing of Eugene Wraybnrn rose before his mind. The Secretary taw there wai a strong feeling here on some sore point, and he would have made a diversion from it, but for Bradley's holding to it ia his cumber some way. j " I have no objeotion to mention the friend byname," be said, doggedly. " The person I obj eel to, ia : Hr. Eugene Wrayburn." ' ? ' . ! ?jsThe Seoretary remembered him. In his. disturbed reoolleotioa of that night when he was striving against the dragged drink, there was bat a dim image of Eugene's person ; bat he remembered his name, i and his manner of speaking, and how he bad ! gone with them to view the body, and. where-ho had stood,: and what be bad said.. "Pray, Mr. Headstone, what is the name," he asked, again trying to make a diversion, ef ? young.,Hcxam's sister t" . " Her name is Lixzie," aaid the sohoolmaster, with a strong contraction of his whole faoe. ". She i< a yoong woman of a remarkable character ;' is she sot?'' . ' "She ii sufficiently remarkable to be very superior to Hr. .Eogene .Wraybnrn though an ordinary person might be. that,", said " the sohoolmaster ; " and I hope yon will not think it impertinent in me, air, to ask why you put the two, names together ?'' "By mere aooident," returned tbe " Secretary. ".Observing that,Mr. Wrayburn was a disagreeable lubjeot with yon, I tried to get. away from it : thongh not very soccessfully. it would appear." , ! " Do von know Mr. Wrajbo.ro, sir V' '" ? "No."- - "Then perhaps the names cannot be pot together on the authority or aa; representation of his 1" , ] " Certainly not." ! " I took the liberty to ask," ? «aid Bradley, after'-csst ing his eyes on the ground, " beoaute he is capable of making any representation in the swaggering levity of his ineolenoe. T-I hope you will not misunderstand me, air, I-I am much interested in this brother and sitter, and tbe subject awakens very strong feelings within me. "Very,'very, strong! feelings." With à shaking band, Bradley took ' out hil handkerchief and wiped his brow.' The Secretary though', as he glanced at the school- master's face, that he bad opened a channel here indeed, and th tit was an unexpectedly dark and deep and stormy one, and difficult to sound. ' AU at once, in the midst of his turbulent emotions, Bradley stopped and aeomod to óhállenge bis look. Hoch as though he suddenly asked him,," What do you see ia me î" ; " The brother, youngHèxam,k"wes, your real recom- mendation here," said, the Seoretary .quietly going back-tc the point; " Mr. and Mr». Boffin happening to know, through Hr. Lightwood that ho was your pupil. Any thine; that I ask respeoting ' the brother and sister,, or either of them, 1 ask for myself out of my own in; lereat in the s obj »ot and not in my offielul oharaoter, or in Mr. Boffin's behalf. How I come to be interested, I need not explain,. You know the father's oonneotion »iththo discovery'of Mr. Harmon's body.'. 1 "Sir," replied Bradley, very restlessly indeed, "I know all the circumstances of that case." -.' .'. ¡ _ , " Pray tell me, Mr. Headstone," said the' ', Seoretary. '' Does the sister suffer under any stigma because of tbe impossible accusation - groundless would be a better word-that was made against the father, and sub- stantially withdrawn P j "No/sir,** returned Bradley, with a kind of anger. . "I am very glad to hear it." .'',', -'?-,', , - ; , "The. slater,'! said .Bradley,1 separating his 'words . over-catefully, and speaking-ai, if fae'were, repeating them from a. book, '.«suffers' under- no.reproach that repels a man of unimpeachable oharaoter who has mad»-; for himaelf every step of his way in life, from plaoing her in his own station. I will not say, raising her to bia own'station; I. aar, .placing her in' it. Tba, sister labours under no roproaah. unless she should unfor- tunately make it for herself. When Buoh a man is not deterred. Irom regarding her ai his equal,' and when ho bas convinced himself that there is no blemish on ber, I .think the. foot.'. mbst, be taken to be pretty expressive." ' . - V.r.'. .. -, . " And there is such a man ?" ssid the Secretary; . Bradley Headstone knotted his brows', and sqarcd his large lower jaw, and fixed his eyes on tho ground with an air.of. dite roioation that seemed unnecessary to the ocoasion, as he replie! t "Aiid there is such a mau." -The Seoretary bad to reason or excuse, for the pro- longing the conversation, and lt' ended here. Within three hours the oaktfm-beaded apparition once more dived into the Leaving Shop, and that night Rogue Uiderhood'i reomUtion lay in the post office, addres- sed under cover to Lizzie Hexam at her rii/ht address AU thèse proceedings occupied John Rokesmith BO m ooh, that it was not until tho following day that he saw, Bella again.'. It'seemed then to be tacitly under- stood between them that' they were to be us distantly eisy as they obuld, without attr.otihg the attention of Mr. and Mrs. Boffin'.'to any ma-ked change in their manner. The fitting ' out of, old Betty Higden was favourable to this, 'ne keeping Bolla engaged and in- terested, and as oocupjing the general attention. "I think, ' said Rokesmith, when, they all stood about her while she packed', her ,tidy 'basket-except Bella, wno was j busily helping on hor knees a', the ohair'onwhioï'it Btsbd ; ''that at least yon might ke*p a lotter in your pooket,. Mrs. Higden,, whioh I would write for you and dite from here, merely,slating, in tbo' names ot Mr. and Mrs. Bjilin, that they are you f rion «is ; . I,won't say patrons, beoause they wouldn't like it." '. . ' No, no, no." said Mr. Boffin,. " pa'ronlsing I Let's keep ont of that, whatever we oomo to.!',. There's more than enough of that about, without us ¡ ain't there Noddy ?' said Mrs. Boffin. : . ' I believe yon, old lady 1'' returned-the Golden Dustman. " Ovérmuoh indeed !" ' Bot people sometimes like to be patronised ? don't thor, sir?" askedBella, looking up. ' .' I don't; ' And if they' do, my dear, they ongbt to learn bettor,'' said.r Mrs. Boffin.. " Patrons and Patronesses, and Vice-Patrons and Vice- Patronessos, and Deceased Patrons and_ Deceased Patronesses, and Ex Vioe- Patrons and Ex-Vioe-Fatronesse>, what does it all mean in the books.of the Charities thtt como ponr ing in on Rakesmiih ns he sits among'em pretty well up to bis nook ! - If Mr. Tom Noakes gires his five shillings ain't he a Patren and if Mrs. Jack Styles gives her five shillings ain't she à Patroness'? What the duoe is it all about? If it ain't stark staring impudence, what do' you call it? ' .-. . ; ? ? i -. « Don't bo warnyNcddy," Mrs. Boffin urgeJ. . , "Warm!" cried Mr. Boffir, " It's enough to make a man smiking hot. . I oau't go anywhere without; being Patronized, I don't want to be Patronized. If I buy a tioket for » Flower, Sbqw, or a Mimic Show, or any lort rf Show and pay pretty hotvy for it, why am I to be Patrono! and Potronfs'od as if the Patrons and .Patronesses .treated me 1 > H there's a good thing to be done, can't it bo done on, its own merits ? : If there's a bad thing to hs done, o-n.it ever be Patroned; and Patronesaed right ?. Yet whoa n new Institution's going to bi built, lt seems to, me that the bricks and mortar ain't made; of half ai mach - consequence BS tho Patrons and Patroneases; no, nor yet tho obj eos. I wish somebody would tell- ie whether othor countries get Prtt'onised to anything, like the extent of this one ! And as to the Patrons and Patronease] themselves, I , wonder they're not; atbatnod of thomiotvea. They ain t Pille, or. Hair-Washes, or Invigorating Nervous Essences to be puffed in that way !' ¡ . Having delivered himself of tteie remarks, ? Mr. Boffin took a tro*, accord'ng to his usual custom, ar.d trotted back to the spot, from wbioh ho had Mnrtcd. i "As to tho lot'cr, Rokesmith," said. Mr. Boffin, " you're ai light as a trivor. Give her tbe 'etter, make her take the lotter, put it in her pooket by violence. She might full tick. Yon know you might fail tiny ' said Mr. Boffin. " Don t deny it, Mrs. Higden, in your obstinacy ; you know you might!" Old Betty laughed, and enid that she would take the lottor and be thankful. " The*'» right !'» Mid-Mr, Boffin, » Come ¡ Tj>»»'« «entibie. Jud don't W; thankful to ni (for w» «Jew ij4-iqgbtofit',bBt-t«Mr, Bekeimlib." < The letter WM> written, end ried to ter, »nd giren to ber, .... ! : ?. ' . ; " Vow bow do ron feel f" .aid Mr, Boffin. » Do ron like it ?" .. . . . .. : * The letter, sir !" mid Betty. " Ay, it's a beauti fal letter !" *' No, no, no t »ot the letter," aaid Mr. Boffin : ? the idea. Are you lure.you're atrong enough to carry ont the idea!" . | " I abell be - stronger, and keep the dreadness off better, thia way, than any way left open to ' nie,-, ir." . ? ' ?'.. "Don't eay than any way left open, yen know,' urged Mr. Boffin ; beeanee there are way* without end. A aonsekeeper would be aoeeotable over yonder at tbe Bower, for instance. Wouldn't you like to see the Bower, and know a retired literary man of the name of Wegg that liveataere-with a wooden leg ?" Old Betty waa proof eren egainat thia temptation, and fell to adjusting her black bonnet and Bbawl. "I wouldn't let yon go, now it comea to this, after all," aaid. Mr. Boffin, " if ¡I didn't hope that it may make a man and a workman of Sloppy, in as short a time as ever ai man and a workman was made yet. Why, what have yoa got there, Betty ! Not a doll ? » It was the man in the Guards who had been on duty over Johnny's bed. ' The solitary old woman showed what it was, and pnt it np quietly ia her dress.' Then, she greatfully took leave of Mrs. Boffin, and of Mr Boffin, and of Rokesmitb, and then put herold withered arose round Bella's yoong and blooming reek, and aaid, repeating' Johnnys words : " A kiss for the hoofer ladj." ' : The Saoretary' looked on from a doorway at the hoofer lady thus encircled, and atill lofted OB at tbs hoofer lady standing alone there, when the determined old Bgure with its ateady bright eyes waa trudging through the streets, away from paralysis and pau- perism. {Tobe continued.) 