CHAPTER XV. THE LAWYER RETIRES FROH BUSINESS. , " Grdonio.-Spirit of the dead! Methinks I know thee ! Ha ! my brain turns wild At its own dreams »-Off, off, fantastic shadow." " J Iver.-I fain would tell thee what I am, but. dare not !" / COLERIDGE. Christmas had passed, -with its emiles and its tears ; and another year had commenced its brief journey-brief, yet long enough to -witness the joys and sorrows of millions, and to carry it to the sepulchre of the dead ages, there to rest tran- quilly with its ancestors. There is something very pleasant and hopeful in the early part of each New Year ; .people give up their old grudges and old prejudices at that particular season-if ever they mean to give them up at all !-and, instead of carrying forward th« amount of their trifling grievances to a fresh page, they ' foot it off'at the bottom of the old one, and write 'paid' across the account of every trespassing brother. They have a pleasant manly way, too, of confessing that they might have done much that has been left undone, and of resolv- ing that the close of the present year shall find them wiser and better in every way, not merely with a few more wrinkles on. the brow, and a brighter badge of grey above it, but with a wis- dom and love that whispers of the trials and temptations they have themselves undergone, when they are inclined to judge the failings of others with severity. Lawyer Foggleton sat musing in the old office in ClibbV Court-but, although it Avas New Year there as well as else where, no bright resolves were falling from his Hps-no blossom of pity or compassion were budding in his withered heart-he hadn't the least intention of ' turning over a new leaf-no, there were too many intricate schemes and unsettled grudges that tickled his fancy on the old one. In fact, there he sat, an old withered dried-up chrysalis, body and soul, without the slightest indica- tion of bursting into a butterfly. The room wore the same appearance that it did six months "before-there were the same cobwebs and the same littering scraps of paper-nothing seemed to have changed its position, and nothing was less changed and less altered than the lawyer's hatred for Cowland Gray. Still, as he brooded over the heap of mouldy papers encum- bering the table, his face wore an expression of fiendish mirth ; and a chuckle, barely audible, told that Foggleton, if not de- lighted with the world at large, was very well pleased with himself at home. " Ha, ha, ha!" he laughed ; such a dismal, harsh, grating laugh, that you might fancy the sound was produced by rub- bing two walnuts together in the hand. " Ha, ha ! I have had a glorious treat ! For six months I have thrown myself back at my ease and gloatéd over his misery ; but the play draws to an end, and to-morrow the curtain falls. To-morrow Gowlaud Gray shall feel how frail friendship is, and how constant, hate : for, when society falls back from his acquaintance as they would skrink from the presence of a leper, then he will find me still on his track as I have been since the sunshine of boyhood was ' on these locks of grey." f The two little tufts of pepper-and-salt colored hair alluded to made a desperate effort to get out of sight behind the lawyer's ears, as if they objected to being dragged into the question at all. " To-morrow !" continued Foggleton, rubbing his hands glee ' fully. " Some fools say to-morrow never comes ! What if to- morrow's sunshine should never shine on me ! Pshaw ! These reflections only make a man feel miserable, and what have I to do with sorrow? A proud foe grovelling at my feet-a once successful rival wincing under my lash-an eye that glanced triumphantly in mine as he led her before me, leaning on his arm \--now quailing before mine. Ah ! revenge is sweet ; triumph is sweet, and I have my fill of both. What should make me miserable ?" And the lawyer glanced round the room, as if challenging the dingy articles of furniture, respectively and collectively, to answer his question, and seemed quite satisfied to find that none of them could do so. Certainly the superan- nuated cuckoo in the clock opened his door in a very emphatic manner, but if he had any intention of replying to the lawyer's enquiry, he lost courage the very moment he saw the grey eyes of Foggleton fixed upon him, so he sung out 1 cuckoo ' seven times in a very down-hearted manner, and, having made seven dismally polite bows, shut up the door, as if thoroughly ashamed of himself. "Seven o'clock" mused the man of law; and then his eye fell, and he shuddered nervously, as his gaze rested on the old safe covering the aperture through which he had tossed the body of his unfortunate clerk. " Well, it was his own fault," he muttered. " What business had he to come prying about for the merchant's sake ? Ile shared his secret and my ven ' geance at the same time, andi dare say the rats in that lumber room have polished his bones like ivory." " Gray wouldn't give me his daughter, and now she's gone ! Well, peace be with her ! She was a timid gentle creature. Yet with all her weakness I sometimes fancy she could have drawn old Jacob Foggleton through any path she pleased, and have caused this old heart to send forth green leaves again. Well, well, the grass-blades are beginning to spring over her grave, and what she might have been to' me, we never can know. Poor Amy. I am glad for her sake that she has escaped her father's shame and degradation!" And Foggleton shook his head, and put on- an immensely injured/look, implying that he knew what an excellent creature he was, if other people didn't. Then he busied himself with his papers and letters, arranging one after another the evidences that were to prove the relation- ship between Gowland Gray, the wealthy merchant, and Matthew Gray, the convict forger. So absorbed was he in his occupation that"he did not notice the creaking of the staircase and the sound of ascending footsteps ; and it was only when a knock had been given at the door that he aroused himself and bade the new- comer ' come in.' In answer to the invitation the door was thrown back, and the old curiosity dealer, Matthew Bellmore, stepped over the thres- hold. The lawyer rose to greet his visitor, but he was met by a steady unswerving look, that seemed to search the very depths of his soul ; and as Foggleton's conscience gave him a gentle reminder that there were a good many black pages in it better left unread, he cast his glance towards the floor, and rubbed his hands together nervously, It was a trying situation to have a man's keen grey eyes follow- ing your every movement, and yet not a sound for good or evil coming from his lips. Evidently it was somebody wronged by the lawyer, but when he mentally asked himself who it could be, so many phantom shapes rose up to answer the question, that he gave it.up in despair. Several times he essayed to speak, but as often did he quail before the cold unimpassioned glance that scanned his every feature. However, taking it altogether, he thought it better to act in a civil manner, so he at last mustered courage to invite his visitor to a seat and enquire the .nature of his business. " You have called to see me, I presume?" he faltered, with a ghastly professional smile, while he edged his chair farther . away from that of his taciturn companion. " I have !" briefly responded the other, without removing his gaze. - '. . You have business with me, of course ?" said the lawyer, assuming a cheer ful strain, but feeling much like an insect under a microscope. "I have," answered the visitor. There was a pause, and as Foggleton began to think that the intruder could have no possible design on his money or his life, he mustered up courage to enquire what the nature of that business might be. " I have business of deep importance to settle with you, Jacob Foggleton- affairs which must be completed to-night. But, first let me recall to your memory a few scenes and'incidents perhaps forgotten by you, yet nevertheless necessary to the business which we have in hand. The tale is not a long one, and will soon be told." And, as if to preclude all possibility of interruption, the speaker arose, locked the door, and resumed his seat with the key in his pocket. In the lawyer's opinion this boded him no good ; and the little blood contained in his shrivelled frame rushed to his heart and seemed to settle there in thick clods, while his heart bumped and rattled against his ribs as if making a clamorous appeal to be let out. He could see at once there was no help for it but patience, so he tremblingly awaited the other's narrative, and signed for him to proceed. " Get a candle and let us have a little light," said the new -, arrival. " There are lessons in your face I should like to read, Jacob Foggleton, as the story unwinds itself ; and you are by \- no means a safe or pleasant companion in a dark and lonely room.'; . Foggleton arose with alacrity, and produced a bit of mould candle which' he stuck in an unused ink-stand, in default oi possessing a candlestick, : . ~ ... " So-that is better !" continued the old curiosity-dealer, again reading the lines of the lawyer's face. '4 You are changed, Jacob Foggleton-very much changed, since twenty years ago !" " I am-I am, indeed !" responded the lawyer dolefully. " You are, Jacob ; but not for the better-don't flatter your ( self with that idea, man. Well, twenty years ago, you were a man of passable appearance enough. There was sufficient colour in your cheek and lustre in you eye to heighten the blush on girlish brows, and the sparkle in girlish eyes-and, with those who had not sufficient discernment to tell the true metal from the base, you had an easy manner which passed for gentlemanly freedom. At that time your name-whatever name you may sail under now-was Jacob Brandon. Am I correct. ?" Foggleton looked very much like as if he should like to contra- dict the speaker ; but he thought better of it, and held his peace. " Well, it doesn't much matter," pursued his visitor, whe- ther you own to it or not ; I know I am right. At that time you sought the hand of a beautiful girl-good as she was beautiful -and for a time your advances were favourably received. I know you loved her ; I give you credit, Jacob Foggleton, that you loved her, but it was a love blinded by passion, and blended with self- interest. ' It was not a feeling holy enough to sanctify your other feelings, and you could scarcely expect such a flower to flourish among the weeds of riot and dissipation. "At this time a rival stepped forward, the integrity of whose character only shone brighter over the foil of your debauchery, and the girl whose affections had fluctuated with the tides of your good and evil, pledged them to one who was able to appre- ciate them. <c Gowland Gray was dowered the same day with her un- swerving love and your undying hatred-for well I know the madman's ravings you indulged in, and all the threats of ven- geance you registered in the devil's books. Every plot and plan likely to injure the reputation of Gowland.Gray was tried, I but tried in vain. Every scheme that malice could devise, or cunning suggest, was put into operation, but all failed signally. At this juncture, the angel whom you have so well served, I hinted the outline of a devilish plot, which you soon commenced to carry out. , The brother of your fortunate rival was employed as clerk in the same mercantile establishment as yourself, and through him you determined to strike at Gowland Gray. " Matthew Gray was a light-hearted, jovial fellow enough though he was not rich ; for the salary of a clerk in his position was no great matter. I- have said he was not rich-that is, in the ordinary acceptation of the term-but poverty is no bane to him who is blessed with a happy mind, and Matthew Gray possessed, in addition to his contented spirit, the household treasures of a loving wife and darling .child : certainly he had to work hard, but he was labouring for a home enriched with loving hearts and smiling faces, and he was as happy as the days were long. " In an evil hour-a black and cursed hour for Matthew Gray -you wound yourself into acquaintance with him, and deceived hythe gloss which covered all your villany, he became your inseparable companion. Gradually your influence began to work upon him. Home comforts began to seem insipid, the fireside did not appear so bright, nor his wife's smiles so cheerful (Heaven help her ! how could they be !) as formerly, and he sought for pleasure and excitement in the public-house and at the gaming-table. . " In vain his wife exerted all those loving arts which, make home a paradise. She did not scold, only gentle advice fell from her lips, and her uncomplaining sorrow might have moved a harder heart than Gray's. But, alas ! the influence of his tempter spread over him like a blighting cloud, and for his sake he shunned the society of those he was bound to love and cherish. I would gladly draw a veil over this dark passage of his history, for it is one, Jacob Foggleton, which may well make you blench and tremble. You are listening ?". The lawyer shuddered, and looked vacantly at the flickering candle-flame with its heavily-loaded wick. " Young Gray pursued his mad career of vice and folly,, till it left him ruined in health and purse; Liabilities poured in upon him like a flood. ' Debts of honour ' too (those most dis- honourable of debts) clamoured in his ears for payment, and he a poor penniless spendthrift ; while a few days would find him hooted as a dishonourable knave from the society, of even those with whom he associated. " In this extremity-ashamed to call on his brother-he applied to his ' friend ' (you, Jacob Foggleton) for assistance, help which you feigned cordially to render. ' You had nothing but a cheque-no ready money-but, if Gray chose to run over tc the bank and get it cashed, he was welcome to apply it towards the liquidation of his debts.' This was the plausible tale yon told your victim ;. and he, thrilling with gratitude and brimful of good resolutions to 'tum over a new leaf,' hurried to the bank and presented the cheque-when, to his surprise and in- dignation, he found himself detained, it having been pronounced a forgery ! " In his terror he besought his accusers to send for Mr. Jacot Brandon, who would explain all-and your explanation, Jacot Foggleton, was the lying answer that you knew nothing what- ever of the affair. " The trial came on, and the principal witness was-mark nu -his friend, Brandon, who had also procured a wretched too! as witness, named Gilbert Darke, who swore that he saw Graj fill up the body of the cheque and append his signature ! " The unfortunate victim saw that his. ruin had been accom plished. With a reputation tainted with every kind of vice with none to speak a kind word in his favor, what would Iiis simple narrative of facts avail before the jury- what weigh would his story carry ? It would be regarded as the black- hearted fabrication of a defeated villain. So in silence he hearc his sentence pronounced-in silence he was banished from hi¡ native land for ever. M His wife-his poor, patient, loving wife, still clung to him for she would not believe that all was dark in that scorned anc avoided soul. Once she had participated in the enjoyments hi had himself so rudely scattered-now she would . share hi¡ shame, and.follow him, like his better angel, through sunshini and storm-for better for worse, till life did them part !" Here the voice of the old man grew husky and agitated. Ai for the lawyer, he had gazed at the candle until it appeared surrounded with a halo as big as a plate ; then, as the narrato paused, Foggleton blinked and fixed his eyes on his visitor, ai a bird might glance into the fascinating orbs of a serpent. , . " With the little money she could procure from a few friends ! Gray's wife followed him to Sydney, leaving their only child ti the care of a -widowed sister. " Some months afterwards the plausible wretch who ha< wrought all this misery was detected in his evil deeds, an( transported to Australia, Avhere, by the quibbling arguments o [ a lawyer whom his ill-gotten wealth procured, his sentenci was commuted to two years' imprisonment. On your liberation (fearing in your coward heart the just vengeance of your dupe should he ever be released from his bondage) you went to hi prison cell, and proposed to assist him in effecting his escape Your offer was treated with the scorn it deserved, yet in you fiendish heart you knew well how to work upon the feelings o Gray. You pictured h is wife-she who had left all and folio wee I him-lying dangerously ill, without a hope of recovery-an< y ouurgedhim, nay, you gave it as his wife's own request, that sb t might see him once again before she died. In words clothed ii ! the garb of penitence, you told him you wete anxious to mak I some reparation for the wrongs he had suffered at your hands ! and for this purpose you gave him. a file with which to releas» himself from his irons and effect his escape from his cell. " That night, when all was quiet,'Gray crept from the shadow of the prison- walls, and reached the miserable habitation of his wife in time to receive her dying kiss and prayer ; and while he elapsed her lifeless hand in his he prayed in bitterness of spirit that death, who had thrown her into such a peaceful slumber, would lay its cold hand on his heart and heal it for ever. " Suddenly the sound of cautious footsteps and whispering voices told him that he had been betrayed, anel that the police were on his track. His love for his wife had been made a snare to take him, and he had barely time to escape by the back door when his pursuers dashed into the room. A deep" creek ran at the rear of the dAvelling, and he had reached the middle of it before they gained the bank. One of them held a lantern above his head and threw its'red .gleam over the murky flood till it shone bright on the fugitive ; and by its light Gray discovered in its bearer his relentless enemy,( the treacherous Brandon, or Jacob Foggleton, as he now chooses to call himself. " One of the gaolers raised a carbine to his shoulder and fired. There was a bubbling cry, a few eddying ripples, and then the lantern-light fell on the cold waters gliding on as smoothly as if a human being had never floated-on their surface." » " Well, the man was dead-suffered at thc hands of the law, and there's an end of him !" mumbled the lawyer. ' " So you thought then, and so you may think now," returned his visitor quietly. " So far, you are conversant with the whole story as I am myself. Now I will tell you of a few facts with which you are not so well acquainted. Gray sunk, and when he rose to the surface he had been carried by the current some yards down the stream- Fortunately the darkness assisted his escape, and, once haying gained the shore, he managed to crawl to the hut of an old woman, who dressed his wound, and concealed him until strength and vigour returned. In the mean time his wife had been thrown into a pauper's grave, and over that grave Matthew Gray swore to be revenged on the man who had brought him to this misery and degradation. " He has watched over you, Jacob Foggleton, and has waited until you fancied yourself in a sure and safe position. While you studied late and hard for your present profession he watched and waited patiently till your labours began to bear fruit. No savage ever followed the trail of his enemy-no bloodhound ever hung on a fugitive's track as perseveringly and relent- lessly as Matthew Gray has followed the footsteps of Jacob Foggleton !" "You seem well acquainted with his plans," sneered the lawyer. " I am-I make his case my own," responded the. other. " Even now you have hurried forward your own doom what are these papers before you for ? To prove the relationship between Gowland Gray, now residing in Sydney, and his wretched brother Matthew ?" " Ha, ha !-you are right, you are right !'' nervously chuckled Foggleton. " These are the little scraps to bring his proud spirit down to the dust! A sweeter drop of revenge than I have ever tasted I shall taste to-morrow !" "You must forego that pleasure," rejoined his companion. " The whole of these papers you must deliver up to me this j night, and you must swear by all your hopes of salvation never I again to molest Gowland Gray by word or whisper." "Pretty terms, truly !" cried the lawyer. "And now, as you have had it much your own way all the evening, may I ask who you are that make such ?" " The man who has most right of any man on earth, Jacob Foggleton, to make his . own terms with you. I am Matthew Gray!" For a moment the lawyer stared as if his faculties had been blighted, and then recovering/himself by a powerful effort, he broke into a derisive laugh.j " And who will believe your word, Matthew Gray?-the word bf a convicted felon? It.will be like the old trial in England-your threats will roll fronvmy character as dew does fronx a cabbage-leaf. Are you foolish enough to believe that the evidence of à common convict can effect anything against the reputation I have been rearing for the last fourteen <» fifteen"years ?'' "Ah! brag on;" replied Gray, calmly, "but do not cheat yourself ..with the idea that I have hung on your track year after year only to fail in my object at .last !. No, no, Jacob. I may pass from the witness-box: untrusted : the eager crowd and the .'intelligent jury may deem, me a more degraded being than I am even now. Heaven help me '.-but in yonder closet, behind that safe, lies- the work of your own hands-proof that the most sceptical cannot disbelieve- evidence which the most doubtful of juries will be fain to receive ! A pretty mine you have dugunder your own feet, Jacob ¡-with all your caution, too ! Your poor clerk, Nettleby. Well, it was unwise of you to trust the rats to carry off every trace of murder." " Murder-what an ugly word that is !-isn't it, Jacob ? Even worse than forgery, eh?-it has such a choking, suffocating sound about it ! We shall agree about these papers now, eh, Jacob?" It would be vain to describe the lawyer's consternation and terror as he listened to the biting words of Matthew Gray, each of which fell upon his heart like a drop of scalding lead. He felt that, however terrible, they were not less real ; and, as if the pillar that supported him had snäpped asunder, his vaunting bravado entirely forsook him, and he grovelled on the dusty floor at his accuser's feet. " ., . " Not content with disgracing me for life, you wound your slimy coils around'my brother, and under the threat of publish- ing my shame you sucked from him his wealth and peace of mind. Plot after plot has'been conceived in your crafty brain, but the storm you have raised shall shatter none so terribly as yourself in its course." ; Foggleton looked, despairingly into his tormentor's face, but in its stern lines he could read- nothing but determination and withering contempt. " You will not spare me?" he gasped. " As you have spared others," was the cold-reply. " You will show no mercy ?" :. "In that I shall follow the- example set- by yourself," answered Gray. The next moment the lawyer had clutched him by the throat, and held him with such desperate eagerness, that his eyes seemed bursting from their sockets. Over and over they rolled, grappling änd -gasping like savage beasts-now struggling to their feet without relinquishing their deadly embrace, and anon renewing the strife on the. floor-overturning the table, and scattering the papers and the candle in every direction. * * .. > * * . . * * * . * '* The city lay wrapped in slumber. À solitary watchman I drawled the hour of eleven, for the edification of a party of roystering gentlemen who had just turned out with the inten- sion of making a night of it. I In the majority of houses, those who enjoyed the luxury of a snug bed seemed transported to that quiet ' land where all things are forgotten,' while those who owned neither bed nor home crouched down in the shelter of alley and doorway, and, with heads bowed upon their knees, sought the favor of the drowsy god who, for a time, could bury even their sorrows in oblivion. But at last the watchman himself seemed to have left his business to take care of itself, and the pale stars up aloft kept winking and blinking as if it' was utterly impossible for them to keep their eyes open any longer-so silent and sleep-inspir- ing were the deserted streets stretched out beneath them ! Suddenly, away down to the north, a genial blush spread oyer the sky, gradually growing redder and brighter. Then à hoarse murmur, like the roar of the surge on the ' distant sea-shore, broke upon the ear-and people with night capped heads poked them out of hastily-raised windows, look- ing as bewildered and frightened as people usually do when they are aroused from a comfortable sleep, with a very vague idea as to What really is the cause of disturbance. Then the engine-with its helmeted band, rattled noisily along followed by an eager crowed who made considerably more noise than the engine, and cried * Fire, fire!' to let the people in night-caps know what was the matter. Street after street was traversed by the panting crew, as they pressed on to the scene of destruction. Up one turning arid down another, now rumbling along an even road-now abruptly darting down a narrow lane-went the engine as if trying to find an answer for the excited cry rof « where is it r where . is it -,~ Z ' Clibb's Court !' and 'Clibb's Court 'was echoed from mouth to mouth until the plaee itself was"reached, where the glare of the fire was lighting up the pale and startled faces of the living mass in the street below. Lawyer Foggleton's house was a tower of flame. The fiery tongues, bursting though the rotten shingles, stole like lithe serpents along the wood-work in front of the building, clutch- ing with burning fingers at the neighboring houses, while the intense heat shattered the win dow-glass into fragments, and showed the interior of the upstairs room, or office, glowing like a furnace 'heated seven times more than it was wont tobe heated.' People in the adjoining houses, and in the dwellings opposite, lumbered their property out at all hazards, and some who lived half way down the street threw their furniture and even their .crockeryware out of the windows on to the pavement, in order to show how cool they could be under the circumstances. The men who were pumping sang cheerily at their work, and poured immense volumes of beer down their throats, while the engine threw up equally immense volumes of water from «is throat on to the houses connected with that of Lawyer, JFoggleton. As to his place, it was doomed. The firemen saw that all efforts to save it would be unavailing, so they dashed à constant stream of water on its neighbours, checking the intention of the flames, which occasionally dashed out of the casements un- awares, and strove to break into the next windows while the firemen weren't looking ! At last the flooring gave way, and the roof fell in at the same time, so that the fire lost its power above, and had it all its owil way in the lower rooms and cellars. Then Foggleton's house ' came out strong,' if you like, in all its leading characteristics of low-bred villany. The obstinate knocker, growing hotter and hotter, looked as if nothing would please it better than that some unfortunate wretch should take it in hand and burn his fingers, as many had done, figuratively, who had knocked at the lawyer's door in by . gone days ! As to the malignant key-hole, a bright fire- gleâm came darting through its evil eye, as if it was determined to hate everybody that stood before it till the last. Then the fire raged and roared in the cellars-making it very hot and un- comfortable for the melancholy ghost in chains, who was sup- posed to reside'thare-and darting through the chinks and circu- lar holes in thc shutters, until the latter seemed to be making frightful grimaces at the crowd. < Towards morning the flames were entirely subdued ; the men pumped away and sung heartily at the engine, and a continuous stream of water gushed from its brazen mouth ; but it played on gutted walls and charred timbers ; and nothing but its dreary splash, and an occasional angry hiss, proclaimed the pre- sence of fire. Once, at an early stage of the fire, the horrified crowd fancied they saw the figure of a man rush to the window of the doomed house and thrust forth his hands as if imploring help, but another figure clutched him in his arms and dragged him away, shrieking, from the casement. Some asserted that the first personage was the lawyer, and gave dark hints and nodded their heads mysteriously as to the other. Certain it is, that from that night forward nothing was ever seen or heard of Jack Foggleton and the old curiosity dealer. 