^E CONSECRATION OP THE ? NEW CATHOLIC CEMETERY, PETERSHAM. On Monday the ceremony o^ consecrating mu new cemetery at . Petersham, was performed by His Grace the Archbishop, at 3 o'clock. Pre vious to bis arrival a large crowd from Sydney and the immediate neighbourhood had assem Wed to witness tlm beautiful and touching ceremonial of our holy religion. TJnder the direction of the Vicar-General and be trustees of the cemetery, everything had jeen carefully prepared for the consecration. A large, oross, fully fitteen feet high, stood in the 'entre having at its foot three wax candles Afterwards to he placed lighted on the top and inns of the cros9. Four other smaller crosses, »ach about six feet high, were also erected one in front and rear of the great cross, and one to its right and left. The day was beautifully fine, so that almost in contradiction to the solemn nature of the cere mony .everything looked ' bright and cheerful. Bat in truth, as His Grace remarked, in his beautiful discourse— ' This is the spirit with tvhich bur holy, church regards our passage from time to eternity. ..Unto 'her, death has lost its terrors for her true children the grave has no victory, for the Saviour has broken the bolts and, bars of death making her children, free with the freedom of Christ. And so when we savV the glittering banners of the various socie ties the young men from St. Patrick's, St. Benedict's and the Sacred Heart wearing their Bilken scarfs of blue and red, the Guild of St. Mary's in long black gowns headed by the warden, Mr. Rubie. and the clergy in soutane and surplice we-kuew-tbat -the spirit of the church was fully entered iuto, by both clergy and laity in this solemn consecration of this their Iast;rasting place. The cetnetry was dedicated to St. Michael the (Archangel ; firstly because on that day the feast of the Apparition of St. Michael was observed by the church, secondly because of the beautiful traditions which assign to the Arch-, angel the special guardianship of the dead. He it was — it is piously thought — who defended the body of M036S against Satau who wished to place it amongst the Israelites, knowing well that being prone to idolatry they might be easily induced to pay it divine honours. Perhaps he too is the Archangel who shall sound the last trumpet over the dead of the whole world, and marshal them in the valley of Jo.-.haphat to await the coming of the universal judge. At half- past three the procession moved from the sacristy of the Petersham Church. In front was borne the large cross of the Guild of St. Mary's, followed by the members of that body. Next came the young men of the various socie ties bearing their beautiful banners. These were followed by a numerous body of the clergy, amongst whom we noticed the Very Rev. Prior Sheridan, Fathers M'Carthy, Garavel, Forde, Quirk, Crone, Sla'ttery, M'Auliffe, Fitzpatrick aud the Rev. A. Byrno, The Vicar-General and Father John Dwyer acted as masters of ceremo nies. His Grace followed, attended by his deacons the Rev. Fathers Athy and O'Farrell. The students of Lyndbur*st with their Prefect, tho ilev. Placid Quirk followed, together with a largu ooncourse of the laity. Having arrived at the large cross in the centre his Grace amidst the profound Bilence of the spectators which harmonised so well with the calmness and tranquility of the evening, addressed them in that impressive manner which always distinguishes his Grace on these occa sions. He said— Dearly. Beloved isr Jesus Chbist, ? Before proceeding to consecrate this oemetry which, for many amongst you will no doubt be a last resting place, I wish to say a few words to you on the nature of the ceremonies which you are about to witness. You are aware my brethren, that in consequence of the sin of our firat parents, a curse fell on this earth which we now inhabit. That which before teemed with delights, and brought forth in abundance everything that could minister to man's wants, now became barren and fruitless. Thorns and briara sprang up, where before all was fresh, and verdant aud lovely. Man was changed to God, the earth in its turn, the servant of man, became changed towards him. It is in consequence of this change, this curse which blighted the earth, and made it as it were a partaker in man's sin, it is in consequence of this my brethren,, that our Mother the Church out of that great respect and reverence which sha pays to those ?who die in the Lord, wishes by a solemn conse cration to remove that primeval curse, to rescue as it were, from the dominion of Satan, that por tion of earth where the bodies of her children are deposited. She treats her dead, with: this. great revereuca and respect, because they, during life have boon the temples of the .Holy. Ghost,; solemnly dedicated to God in baptism as his children, and in confirmation as his true, and loyal soldiers, anointed in death With her holy oils and fortified at that moment with the precious body and blood of their dear Lord. Oh yesl the flesh of Christ becomes one with their own, the blood of the Lord flows through . their veins and thus it is, aud oh, how becoming is it and how worthy of our holy loligion, that those bodies destined to be partakers with the aoul in eternal bliss should be treated with all the reverence and respect which our holy Church can eive. The more vr e study our holy faith, my Breth- . ??'? wn, the more deeply are we conscious of her divine mission, and of the profound .; know- ledge which she haa of the human heart. For who is there so lost to every sense of wligioa? to every BenBO of the teachings of nature, that would not wish to be held— -in at least some remembrance— when the giave shall Close over him. Light natures and unthinking. minds may sneer at this, they may taunt «a with superstition in thus caring , for that body which is insensible to care. .'But in this, dearly beloved brethren, she ; only suowa her profound knowledge of the human' «art, for even they—who ttius speakr-are forced w tw cry of nature within' them to epnfeas that; « » aot, it ewnottbeab. fcbjeoi HI ^difference,1 whether their remains be flung into a dishonored grave like his of whom we have read in this day's papers, without a prayer to heaven, far away from the shadow of the church, unknown, unthought of, uncared for, flang where only the cry of the wild beast is heard, or placed tenderly in the blessed earth, where the unceasing prayer, is offered, and where his memory is held in everlasting remembrance as long as that beautiful prayor goes up to heaven, 'Eternal rest give to them 0 Lord and let thy light ahine upon them for evert' His Grace then proceeded at some length to explain minutely the meaning of the various ceremonies about to be gone through. The ground was to be sprinkled with water blessed for the purpose in order to put to flight fche spirits of darkness. Of the three lights at the foot of the cross, oae represented the light received at. our creation, another that received at our re demption, and. the third the light received at our sanctification. These lights were elevated on the cross to show that jf in life we let oar light shine before men 'so as to glorify our Father who is in heaven' at death we shall be elevated with and through Him to shine as stars for all eternity. ' . After this the Litanies were sung by the choir, ' all kneeling before the cross. Then the water to be used for the aspersion of the ground was blessed and the long procession commenced winding slowly round the cemetery chanting the impressive psalm Miserere. To those at some distance, not actually engaged in the procession, the scene must have been one of deep interest. The sun glittering on the banners and crosses, the various costumes of those engaged in the procession, the solemn chant mellowed by distance, the stillness and beauty of the evening, the little church in the distance, all were well calculated to make an impression even on the most callous amongst the spectators if any such were there. After having gone round the cemetery the procession in the same order moved to each of the crosses, the Archbishop fixing with appro priate prayers the lights on the top and at the extremities of the arms of each cross, ending where they commenced before the large cross in the centre. AH then knelt to receive the Archiepiscopal benediction, before giving which, his Graee took occasion to inform them that he hoped the faithful would co-operate withthe gentlemen who had been appointed lay trustees of the cemetery, viz., Messrs. Mullins, Moore and Parker, in making it one which the Catholics of Sydney might be proud of, one which would be a credit to the religion they professed He also hoped that when called upon to contribute their share in the expenses which must necessarily be incurred in planting and laying out the ground, that they would show the same liberal and generous spirit by which up to this they had been distinguished. The sun now being about to set amidst clouds of crimson and gold, his Grace directed the attention of the assemblage to it in a few beautiful sentences, ' Behold, said he, this glorious orb which has spent the day in the fulfilment of its allotted duty ; illuminating, fertilising., spreading joy around. Behold.it now setting amidst the glory rof the heavens. So dearly beloved shall the sun of your life one day set in death, but let it be, oh let it be after, a life spent in enlightening the ignorant, ' in comforting the afflicted, and in spreading around you as far as in you lies the burning light o( a life spent in the exercise of every virtue, that so like the setting of that sun your death may be a glorious one, sinking into the. arms of God whom in life you have served.' AIL then separated, His Grace being escor tsd into Sydney by a number of the clergy and gentlemen present. . In our next issue, if space .permits, we shall -ineeri Ja translation of the beautiful Office used in the blessing of a cemetery. 