SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 30,1865. If His Excellency was disposed, in the pride of the moment of its presenta- tion, to regard with satisfaction the ad- dress which was presented to him on Thursday last, we fear that, in his calmer moments, he can regard it as little better than an insult. The attempt to mislead His Excellency, and to throw dust in the eyes of the Imperial authorities, is the more remarkable that the circumstances so elaborately set out in the eighteen paragraphs of the address must have come directly under the observation of His Excellency; and perhaps no better witness rould be cited to bear testimony before Her Majesty to the almost entire inaccuracy of the document which the movers in these open-air meetings of sympathy with the Government have ventured to put forth as an answer to the complaints of the Legislative Council, and a reply to the censures to which utterance has been given by three fourths of the press of the colony. Who drew the precious scroll is, perhaps, of little moment. Anyone of the deputation may have been its author. They all adopted it, and are all responsible for it. There were amongst them members of Parliament, captains of volunteers, jus- tices of the peace, men of business, men of no business, and a minister of religion. We can only express a hope that they do not carry into tho everyday business of life, and into the circles which they respec- tively adorn, the same looseness of idea and liveliness of imagination which they have shown in their precious address. Where has the deputation found that " small section of the community" which has " assailed" His Excellency " with " opprobrium ?" Much has been made of a simple phrase, which probably escaped the lips of its first utterer as a joke, tolerable under the strangeness of the circumstances. We deny that there is in this colony any section, however small, of the community which has " assailed" His Excellency in the manner described by the word used in the address. To challenge his acts, to deny that he took the proper course when he leagued himself with his Ministers to defeat the Constitution Act, and bring the Legislative Council to the feet of the Assembly, to urge him to wiser measures for the purpose of restoring harmony in the Legislature, may have seemed, in the eyes of those who are prepared to sacrifice the Consti- tution, to be " casting opprobrium," though most people will think that the occasion is grave enough to have called forth the strongest language of remonstrance that has as yet emanated from the Opposition press. Who but the silly sheep who lately paraded the streets to the strains of a hired band, to hoot their opponents, will believe that it was necessary for the Governor to agree, with the Attorney-General and the Treasurer, to an illegal, under- hand, and most undignified step, to obtain command of funds that the country might be saved " from anarchy " and ruin »" Has not the colleague of the Attorney-Generalhimselfpointedouthow entirely unnecessary was the thimble rigging of his coadjutor in the business of advising the Crown in this colony in matters of law. His Excellency's reading, if not his experience, has shown him that there have been collisions ere now between Upper and Lower Chambers of Parliament, and that these have been got over without "anarchy" and ?without " ruin." That an agglomeration of strange atoms, such as the deputa- tion, should have obtruded the opinion that His Excellency has been the saviour of the country from "anarchy " and ruin," by paying the civil ser- vants by means of the disreputable plan which was resorted to, was paying Sir Charles Darling a very poor compliment indeed. The aid which he unfortunately gave the Ministry, and the persistence which it has enabled them to show in their support of their tariff, and their unwillingness to concede to the Upper House what the law allows it, are much more likely to bring about those disastrous results to which the address alludes. The Legislative Assembly, that document proceeds to say, "being only in its first session, faith " fully represents the desires and opinions " of the people." What grosser outrage was ever perpetrated on His Excellency than this attempt to impress him, and through him Her Majesty, with a statement so utterly opposed to the fact? All sente of honour must have died out of the men who placed their names to such a misrepresentation as this. " The " policy of the present Ministry," they go on to say, received at the last general election " the almost unanimous support " of the country." A very small modi- cum of truth to a very large measure of error here ! A poor halfpennyworth of bread to all that sack. What was the policy which was so " almost " unanimously received? Was it the tariff? Who heard from the plat- forms where the Ministerial policy was announced, any hint of duties such as have been imposed on the im- ports of soft goods ? We were told of contemplated remissions of the tea and sugar duties ; but who dreamt of re- strictive taxation on articles which we cannot produce ? Was the policy of pro- tection announced ? From what hustings, if we except that of Eichmond, was any such policy propounded ? Some obscure members, no doubt, talked of Protec- tion, to the best of their little abilities ; but, like wisdom at the street corners, they cried and men heeded them not. The cue in a general election the policy of a " strong" Government in its appeal to the people-is never put into the mouths of political suck- lings. Protection was not put to the countiy as against Free Trade. If the battle had been fought fairly on that ground, and Free Trade had been beaten, we might have had less to say now. But the issue never was raised. Was the destruction of the Constitution put forward as a part of the Ministeilal programme? What constituency gave its vote for the exclusive powers claimed for the Assembly by some of its mem- bers ? That issue, too, was never raised. How could the country pronounce two years ago in favour of a policy, the worst portion of which is but a few weeks or months old ? And why, we must ask, should not the members of the Upper House as fairly represent the views of the people as those of the Assembly ? The possession of property is not likely to lessen a man's desire to see the coun- try of his adoption prosper. It used to be believed that the best way to turn an Englishman from communism was to give him a cottage or a field, and human nature is not different here from what it is in the mother country. The address next goes on to accuse the importers of interested motives in their opposition to the tariff, as if it were im- possible for a merchant to see anything in. tia« polioy of a Government bevond objects of self-interest. In this case the importers are but assisting to fight the battle of Free Trade-a policy wb*ch, we are convinced, has the approval of the great majority of the people of this colony, as it has the sanction of the best and wisest old-world thinkers. We might retort the charge, if it were worth the trouble ; and might, with some good reason too, ask who prompted the abortive meeting of grocers at the Criterion, and why- after that little escapade-the Chief Secretary should so warmly denounce the in- sinuation of interested motives, and why his own followers should so freely in- dulge them with reference to his oppo- nents. We pass over the sweetly pas- toral but strongly imaginative paragraph of the address with reference to the Land Act and the settling on the lands of " a class of yeomen," always ready to defend the Throne. Goldsmith nrght have written such a paragraph with recollections of " sweet Auburn" haunt- ing him ; but the passage is altogether too pastoral and pretty for these days. Lastly, we are told that if the policy of the Legislative Council be approved of, the Crown will be dependent for its sup- plies on the will of fifteen individuals, and " at any moment the affairs of the " country may be thrown into inex " tricable confusion by the freaks or " whims of a few irresponsible persons." It does not, we fear, rest with " a few " irresponsible persons" of the Legislative Council, exclusively, to throw public affairs into confusion. The "freaks " and whims " of some very crotchety persons in another House have done the thing already. The whim of the Commissioner of Customs, and the ' freaks of the Attorney-General, have done it to our hand ; and of what value to the country is their responsibility ? We have but one hope with regard to the address which Sir Charles Darling has received. He will no doubt annotate it with care, and with the accuracy of an historian. " Some buiks," says Burns, " are lees frae end to end ;" and so, we may add, are some addresses. The deputation were guilty of a delibe- rate attempt to deceive His Excel- lency as to the state of affairs and as to the feelings and hopes of the country; and we have no doubt that Her Majesty's representative is capable of weighing to tho last scruple the utter worthlessness of the document presented to him. The Ministry are getting as tired of the " dead-lock" as every one else, and if any ingenious man could show them how they could yield without seeming to do so, he would not go unrewarded, unless they are as ungrateful as they are lawless. They have-if we may be permitted to say so-got hold of a hot potato, but unfortunately they can't drop it with the celerity with which hot pota- toes are ordinarily supposed to be dropped. They have so emphatically declared that the potato is pleasantly cool to the touch, that, let it hurt their hands as much as it may, they feel hound to dissemble their sufferings, and to continue dallying with the torturing tuber as though burnt fingers were among the greatest luxuries in life. Perhaps they don't do it very well now, but they do it quite as well as eau be expected. Like a well-meaning -member of the prize ring, who continues to " come up " smiling" as long as he can, but whose smiles get to be rather ghastly after a time, they still affect a certain content- ment with their situation. But circum- stances may become so unfavourable, that, to affect to be jolly, becomes a mis- take in policy ; for if a deception cannot be fairly carried through succeasfully, the sooner it is abandoned the better, even regarding the matter from a very low point of view. Mr. Michie himself is beginning to show symptoms of distress, and when that expert and experienced gladiator can no longer conceal his trouble, and can no longer be jocund in his battle, it is a bad sign for the cause he espouses. In his last speech on be- half of the " situation," delivered on Tuesday, he seems to have been almost at the final extremity as to what he should say. It would, of course, be doing Mr. Michie's forensic powers injustice to doubt that he could talk to a jury for an hour to prove that something could not have been done which actually had been done before the very eyes of the persons he was addressing five minutes before he rose to speak. In such a posi- tion he would have the readiest and the pleasantest things to say about optical illusions. He would know all about the case of the late Mr. Nicolay, of Berlin, and he would chaff the Cock lane Ghost, and the New South "Welsh Waterhole Spectre till neither of them had a leg left to stand upon. But though ready and funny, Mr. Michie is a long way on the wrong side of being omnipo- tent, and though he laboured on Tues- day to do justice to his brief, and did it more than justice-his brief was, as the vulgar have it, one too many for him, and crushed him. Palpably he did not know what on earth to say ; but in a lawyer, suicide would forestall confession of being unable to say something. So he led off with " oue Charles Darling." That little blunder of ours, which began and ended with ou- being misinformed as to the precise terms of a proposed indictment, seems to have been board, lodging, and washing to the Ministry, and all their hangers-on ever since. It is really worth while to make a mistake, if we can thus feed so many with such a little exertion. Cer- tainly Mr. Michie has done us some good reciprocally, and which we are bound to acknowledge. lu the absence of anything very par- ticular at the theatres just now-or, at all events, in the absence of anything approximating in merit to Mr. Michie's impersonation-we are grateful to that eminent actor for the way in which he portrayed the emotion of horror at such light dealing with the sacredness of a vice-regal name. And the impersonation was so much the more creditable to him because it was so completely out of his usual line. The Minister of Justice, like other people, has faults and merits, but decidedly he is versatile. "We did not anticipate that he would have come nut -with anything like such strength on the sacredness of vice-royalty. A hand- book of domestic medicine and a manual of family devotion are things that we have a right to look for now from this remarkable man. It would be UDkind to criticise se- riously and in detail the column and a half of speech that lies before ua. We have read it carefully, indeed, and find that it possesses great merit of a general kind. It possesses the merit of being as long as it is, and containing no meaning whatever, and yet seeming to be re- plete with thought and constitutional lore. It is probably as good a speech as could have been made under the cir- cumstances ; but then the circumstances were about as bad as they could be. It was necessary, in the first place, to appear delighted with having got into a most horrible mess, and the re- quired ecstacy is well affected. It was necessary, in the second place, to make it appear .that the Upper House is responsible for the present entangle- ments, and, considering that nothing in the world is more wide from the truth, the allegation is set out with an appearance of conviction that does amaz- ing credit to a particular branch of Mr. Michie's genius. But when we find it gravely alleged, that in juggling with Mr. Bramwell, in the manner well known, the Government were actuated by motives of humanity to the civil servants, and only desired to thwart the hard-hearted lawlessness of the Upper House, comment becomes super- fluous. Ossa is piled upon Pelion for one to begin with, and it would be pre- posterous to try and get higher. The Rev. Isaac New's lecture to-morrow evening, [in connexion with the course on " Some of the Popular Errors of the Day," will be entitled " The Semi- infidelity in the Church of England." The Rev. A. D. Kininmont will preach in the new orderly-room, Chapel-street, East St. Kilda, to-morrow, with the view of origi- nating a congregation there ia connexion with th« Presbyterian Church of Victoria. The last of the comae of lectures in aid of the building fund of the Presbyterian Church, South Yarra, was delivered at the Town-hall, Prahran, yesterday evening, by the Ksv. Geo. Mackie. Mr. John Ogilvy occupied the chair, and there was a numerous auditory. The subject of the lecture was " Hugh Miller, and the lessonB of his life." The collector of the Benevolent Asylum begs to acknowledge the sum of £21 from Mr. Vf. E. Stanbridge, in aid of the funds of the institution. We have received a pamphlet, entitled Among the Black Boyi, by Lucy Anna Edgar, It is tho history of au attempt to civilizo some young aborigines, and is full of in- teresting details. At the weekly meeting of the Ejecutivo Committee of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, the superintendent made the following return :-Number of inmates ia I the home, as reported last week, 213; admitted | since,! 04 ; persons who have received out- door relief, 408, or 105 families. Total re- lieved, 71Ö. Discharged from the home during the week, 109. Total at present re- maining, 198. Kamber stonebreaking, 17; oakum-picking and horsehair-teasing, l8. Á gentleman residing near tho Dandenong RangeB has forwarded to us two specimens of stems of the tree fern, the rind of which is beautifully marked with oval spots. Our correspondent thinks that whon polished tho stem of the fern might ba worked np into articles of furniture. The -périmons in our poseeEEion shall te handed to any cabinet- maker willing to make the experiment. At the weekly meeting of the committee of management of the Benevolent Asylum, the superintendent reported the state of the house:-Men, 30a; women, 109¡total, 413. There were twelve applications for admission ; of theso one was admitted, and eleven refused, for want of room. The moneyB advanced by the London Char- tered Bank to the Government on cash credit, and subsequently recovered by legal process, now amount to £360,000. A ninth judg- ment for £40,000 was confessed and signed yesterday. Since the 14th inst., when judgment was pronounced by the Supreme Court in the Customs duties cases, some seven or eight actions have been brought by importing firms, to recover from the Government moneys which they have been compelled to pvy ub duties under a tariff sanctioned only hy the mere resolution of the Legislative Assembly. The amounts claimed range from £400 to £2,500, and the aggregate is about £7,000. The following rewards have been paid from the Police Reward Fund during the week to meritorious officers :-" To Detectives (third class) Edward Ennis and Charles W. Foster, at Melbourne, £3 and £2 respectively, in acknowledgement of their attention shown ia the artest of James Breeza, sentenced to seven years' penal servitude for throwing corrosive liquid on two females. To Con stable Denis Boyle, at Maryborough, £1 has been awarded, for his tact shown in the arrest of Nathaniel Henshaw, for stealing from a dwelling, sentenced to three months. To Constable Myles Rowland, at Talbot, the sum of £1 has beon awarded in each of three case of conviction for sly-grog selling. To Constable Thomas Parkinson, the like sum in one case," The Government have determiued upon despatching the steam sloop Victoria to the succour of the people supposed to be ¡ship- wrecked on the Auckland Islands. In re- sponse to the invitation published by the Customs Department, seven tenders for the service by sailing vessels were submitted yes- terday ; but after consultation with Captain Ferguson (chief harbour-master), the Minister of Customs, regarding despatch as a primary consideration in the cass, decided upon making use of the Victoria. The vessel may be [said to bo already coaled, seeing that no more than thirty or forty tons are required to fill her hunkers ¡ and she will ba efficiently manned by a few additions to her present harbour crew. She will take three months' provisions, and, according to present arrange- ments, will leave Hobson's Bay on Wednesday next. We understand that the Government of New South Walea have consented to share the cost of the expedition, and it is believed that the Queensland Government will also co-operate. We have now lying before us a literary curiosity- The Morning Chronicle of May _G» 1784\. Among the advertisements are: "Under the patronage of His Majesty, In Commemoration of Handel. This Morn- ing, in Westminster Abbey." " Exhibition of the picture painted by Mr. Copley," the father of the late Lord Lyndhurst. " A voyage to the Pacific Ocean, undertaken by Order of IIíb Majesty, &c;" by James Cook, Com- mander of the Resolution." In the abstract of Parliamentary Intelligence, occupying, in the whole, a space of about one column of The Argus, is the notice of a petition from Bedfordshire, complaining of a false return. "The Ministry and their Bupportors as firmly maintaining that the allegation in reason and in fact could be considero- as an allegation of a false return only." The speakers on the part of this last argument were the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Attorney-General, Mr.-Dundas, the Lord Advo- cate of Scotland, Mr. Btarcraft, and Mr. B. Gas- coyne, sen. On bahalf of the former argu- ment, i.t, that the petition referred clearly to the merit3 of the election, Mr. St. John, Mr. Fox, Mr. Powys, Lord North, Mr. Eden, Sir. Lee, Sir Thomas Davenport, Sir. Sheridan, Lord Maithnd, and Mr. Hussey. In the news of the day it is announced that " The Right Hon. Mr. Pitt wi'l have a Lovea to-morrow, at the Cockpit, Whitehall." Half a column is devoted to an account of the " festivity which prevailed" at this mansion of gaiety, Carlton House. Among the sensational paragraphs is the account that : " One of the Wesbrn stages, in going out of town, was attacked by a single highwayman near Gunnerebury-lane," the said highwayman beine shot by the guard with a blunderbuss. The shipping news reports the arrival and departure of come twenty vessels in all. Tho paper con- sists of four pases, 24 by l8 inches, two of which are filled with advertisements, and is printed by W. Woodfalü. We understand that the owners of 1,503,000 sheep have mt morialised the Chief Secretary to have the Scab Act amended, as proposed by the chief inspector of sheep, in his Essay on Scab. It is stated that there is now six feet of water on the bar at the entrance to the Gipps Land Lakes. Among the passengers who arrived in Mel- bourne by the Royal Mail SteamshipNortham, from Sydney, on Monday, was Mr. Edward Wise, one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of New South Wales, who carne here in the hope of recovering his health, whioh had been greatly impaired by overwork, and by exces- sive anxiety in the conscientious discharge of hlB official duties. Unfortunately, the relief expected from change of scene wbb sought too late. The learned gentleman reached this colony in a state of extreme exhaustion and prostration, and he died at his lodgings at St. Kilda, on Thursday night. Mr. Justice Wise was a member of the Middle Temple ; he held office for some time as Soli- citor-General in Sydney ; and he waB elevated to the bench about sis years ago. He was the author of several legal works. His age waa forty-seven. He leaveB a widow and four children. Mrs. Wise and one child came with the judge from Sydney, and were with him in his last moments. Mr. JuBtice Wise was brother-in-law of Captain A. J. Smith, R.N., late one of the members for Castle- maine in the Legislative Assembly. Quite a commotion was ocean med on the Sandridge Hallwf y Pier, atout half- past one o'clock- yesterday afternoon, by a report that the steamer Albion, which lay alongside tho pier, was on fire ; and some alarm was felt among those on board tho neighbouring ves- sels when clouds of smoko were Been coming from her main hatchway. Tho ship, ho wever, was not on fire, but the escape from a con- flagration was a narrow one. It appears that a quantity of drugs bad been shipped for Now Zealand by the Albion, and thy cases in which the chemicolfl were packed were stowed away in her bold. Soma of the cases labelled drugs eon.tain.sd salnhww acid, which a local act of Parliament re- quires shall be specified as such, and parties transgressing this law are liable to a penalty of £500. By some accident, one of the bottles of aoid, packed in saw- dust, with drugs In paper on the top, burst in the hold, and the wooden case was soon in flames. The fumes arising from the acid soon directed attention to what had occurred, and after some difficulty the box which had ignited was got on deck. The atmosphere in the hold was so much affected by the acid that the men could scarcely work thore, even with the aid of a wind-sail. All the cases that were supposed to contain acid were afterwards brought on deck ; and proceedings will pro- bably be taken agaiuBt the shipper of the goods, which were marked " J. W. T." Had ¿ho same occident occurred at soa, with the confusion attendant upon the presence of a large number of passengers the pro- bability is that the steamer would have taken fire. An accident occurred on Wednesday last to Michael Gonlding, one of the labourera at the quarries of Messrs. Glaister, Maidstone. While some of the men were raising a stone out of the quarry, the wind, which was very violent at the time, caused tho crane to turn round, and crush one of Goulding's legs. The balance-sheet submitted at the annua meeting of the shareholders of the Australian Alliance Assurance Company, held yesterday, showed that the premium receipts during the past year had been £25,669 8j. lOd, and the losses, £13,811 Is. 3d, of which £12,218 la. 3d. ocouired in the lire branch of tho buaineBa The losses on fire insurances were considered by the directors to be excessive, but were accounted for by the occurrence of an un- usually large number of fireB last year, both in -this and the neighbouring colonies. It was announced that the first triennial investiga Won of the amount of realised profita will take place before the next annual meeting ia held and in the meanwhile the directors declared £ dividend at the rate of ten per cent, per an nura, leaving the total reserve fund at £16,83' -,5s. iThe report was unanimously adopted The dividend will bo payable at the com pany's office, cornor of Elizabeth-street and Collins street west, on and after Monday -next. Amherst, Grant, and Seymour, have baei gazetted as money-order offices. Post- offic savings hanks have now been established a Ballarat, Beechworth, Castlemaine, Geelong Maryborough, Sandhurst, and WilliamE town. The Botanic gardens are well worth a visi just now. The deciduous trees ara burstin into leaf, and many of the fine Australia: and South African plants are Moomin freely. The white swans are nesting on on of the «lands of the lagoon. Dr. Mueller he received during the past week a collection c % aluable Californian seeds from Dr. Bolandei of San Francisco, and some seeds of tfa Acacia Oswaldu, from Mr. W. A. Sfcanbridgi of Daylesford. This acacia is recommende as a hedge plant. A change in the locale of the Mount Mor li PoBt-ofrlce haB recently been notified. TI alteration, however, ia far from meetin with the unanimous approval of the res dents, and a deputation waited on the Chi Secretary yeBterday, to request that the exiB ing arrangements might be continued. M M'Culloch stated that he could not interfei In the matter. He intimated, however, thi ¿ho former post ofiico keeper had been airead appointed registrar of births, deaths, an marriages ; and that, as the recommendatic of the deputation would be borne in min "the removal of the office would probably 1 no loss to this person. A descent which has been made by ti police upon some of the gambling boas of the city, and the measures subsequent! taken, will, it may be anticipated, ha' the effect of giving a check to practic which have been carried on to a grei extent. Many complaints have for son time been made, by letter, to the police a thorlties and the City Bench, of the faciliti afforded for gaming at some houses i Melbourne, and the extensive prevalen of these practices. Many merchants, bar oflirialB, and others, having clerks in the employ, and also tiiu pareuta uuei Aiuudo young men who had been led to f re quo these houses, have written to urge upon ti police the necessity of takiug measures suppress what they regarded as a great at -growing evil, which was exerting a dangero in fluence over many young men. The poli 'had, upon these representations and thi own inquiries, taken steps towards this er and for about a fortnight a member of t detective force, who haB only recently arriv In Melbourne, and was not known abo town, has teen " told off " to visit aoi of the suspected places. Tho two to whi he had paid the most attention were t Boyal George Hotel, Bourke-street east, k( by John Thomas-a house upon which t City Bench have before hid occasion to mark as a notorious gambling house ; an< place at 118 Bourke-street east, ostensibly tobacconist's shop, and also designated " f attersall's OheBS Club." The detective h visited these two places nightly for upwai of a week, and found that the game of ii was played at them every evening, a that they wero frequented by large nu hereof young men. An Introduction fron "known party" was, it seems, requis to obtain the privilege of admission. Act! upon the information thus procured, t parties of detectives were sent to these pla at eleven o'clock on Thursday night, um the direction of Superintendent Nicolson a 'Mr. Scott, and the persona conducting I gambling, and also those present at the tlr wero arrested. They were all locked up the night, and brought yesterday morni before the City Court, when John Ostno Philip Glenister, and John Isaacs, keepera " Tattersall's Chess Club," and Philip Jor Henry HayeB, and James W. Field, cond 'tors of the gaming at the Royal George, w each convicted and sent to gaol for a mon John Thomas, the proprietor of this ho was, at the request of his counsel, remaní fora week. The persona who were presi when the police entered (twenty in numbe mostly young men) were alBO brought np, i fined 20s. each. The " bank" seized at the < .place contained about £81, and the other < about £31, which sums were ordered to forfeited. The sentences of imprison mont i it was stated, to be oppealed against. At the East Collingwood Police Co yesterday, before Messrs. Fawkner, Harl .Gmbllng, and Greenwood, two mea nan Elchard Davis and James Patrick w "brought up by Detective Black on a charg burglary. Tho prosecutor wai Mr. M'Dont who lives in Studley-street, and the propt stolen consisted of a clock and some wear apparel. The robbery was committed ab a month ago, the prosecutor's house be forcibly entored by the back door. The wl of the missing property was traced to prisoners. The clock was left with Mr. Pel in Wellington Btreet, to be repaired, i the lother articles were pawned. '. prisoner Davis made a statement tho effect that Patrick had nothing wl ever to do with the theft. Both prlsoi t> ere committed for trial. Thomas Sta complained agaiust for illegally detainir boree belonging to Edward Kinsella, wl bad strayed into his yard, waa orderet «store the animal, and pay the cost of s mons. James Mason was summoned by Wil- liam H. James, landlord of the Wellington Hotel, for using threatening and abusive language to him. Mason's defence was, that he had been severely assaulted by the complain- ant before using tho language charged against him, in consequence of his having threatened to inform against James for Sunday trading. As the defendant had been turned out of the house, and appeared to have suffered some injuries to hta face in the disturbance, the Bench ordered him to pay a nominal fine of 5s., and 5s. costs. Miss Jane Carmichael ap- peared to answer a complaint of assault made against her by Kate Boyd, a girl about eleven years of age. The complainant stated that on Tuesday last, as she was going on a message for her mother, the defendant came up, and accusing her of having stones in her hands, beat her about tho head, and tore her outer garment off. The defendant's version of the story was, that the girl Boyd had been in the habit of pelting her (Carmichael's) little sisters on their way to school ; that on the occasion in question she threw a stone at her, which struck her on the leg, whereupon she ran after her to give her in charge, and that as she seized her hy the pinafore the garment tore. Witnesses were called on both sides. The Bench considered the caso proved againBt the defendant, and fined her 10s., with 5s. costs. The magistrates at the St. Kilda Police Court yesterday-Messrs. Fraser, Patterson, Wilson, and Van Hemert-were occupied during the greater part of the morning with the hearing of a charge made by James Riley, scab inspector, against Robert Eddington, of having in his possession a flock of 176 sheep infected with scab. The complainant stated that on the 21st inst. he found 176 sheep which he believed belonged to the defendant in the St. Kilda abbattoirs, in charge of a shepherd named John Keeffe. They were driven from the slaughterhouse to the common to feed, and he ordered their return. He then inspected them, and found four of the flock, called pets, much infected with scab, and two others slightly infected with the same disease. He did not see the defendant in the neighbourhood at the time. John Keeffe, the shepherd referred to, said he was employed by Thomas Eddington, defendant's brother, and that he was not in the employ- ment of the defendant. He received the sheep at the Melbourne cattle-yard, excepting the pets, which he had used for the past five weeks to lead flocks. He did not know to whom the pets belonged. He had seen the defendant with the sheep, and defendant sometimes gave him orders to go to the market for sheep. The defendant however, did not give him any orders in relation to the sheep in question when he received them. He did not think Thomas Eddington had anything to do with these sheep. After hearing this evidence, the Bench determined that the ownership of the sheep had not been proved, and accordingly dismissed the case. A cabman named George Young was fined 10s. 6d. for being drunk and dis- orderly, and £2 for assaulting Bridget Moore, a passenger whom he had taken up in Chapel-street. Being unable to pay the fines, defendant was sent to gaol for one month. Charles Pyne and George Bond were com- plained against by John Edward Ellis for ille- gally detaining property valued at £36. The goods in dispute, which complainant let out on hire, had been seized under a bill of sale, but Ellis failed to prove that they were in the possession of Pyne and Bond, and the Bench entered a nonsuit. Another similar case on the list was disposed of in the same way. In the County Court at Sandhurst, H Honour Judge Skinner has enunciated ti important opinion that fifty miners' rigb can be taken out in one man's narr and the holder of them will be entitl to the quantity of land allowed to ea> right separately, provided that the requisi amount of labour for each right is ei ployed. The Geelong Advertiser has the following : " We are informed that circulars have be sent by the Government to the gentlemen the medical profession who hold appoii ments in the Civil Service, prohibit!"« ii« frmri tabina p»iv_to-p*aotioe. This Will DC source of great privation and anxiety many parties who reside in the bush, and m be located at a considerable distance fro the residence of a duly qualified medic man. We presume the same restrictions w be imposed upon members of other prof sions who are receiving Government pay, a ore residing in towns, as well as the count residents." It is pleasant to hear from Gipps Land ti the prospects of a good harvest there i favourable. The Times reports that the pr pects are better "than we have known th to be for many years. The area of la under crop 1b much more extensive thar bus ever been before, and everywhere ( wheat and oats are coming np strong a healthy. Keeping clear of accidents, oi strong manifestation of the caterpillar aff tion, we are ceitain of unusually large gri returns for 18C5." The Bendigo Advertiser says,- :' Yesterc afternoon an accident, resulting fatally, curred to a man named Craddock, in I Adelaide Gully Company's mine, atKangar flat. Craddock was being lowered down Ehaft after his dinner hour, and, in descei ing, adopted the ordinary mode in use many of the minois, by placing his foot i noose in the rope, and holding the rope ab his head with one hand, having the ot band engaged in holding his ' billy,' conte lng tea. He had been lowered but a few i when the man abovo saw by the jump of ropo that an accident had occurred, and, being lowered down, found the unfortun man lying at the bottom. On bsing brou to the surface he was dead. The deceased left a wife and family." "A correspondent suggests," says i Western Times (Portland), "the propriety some of the hands about town, who pn sport to hard work, opening a shop for sale of Kangaroo meat. We cannot whether he intends it for a joke or not, we should not be much surprised if, bal twelve months or less are over, this alternai may not provo an acceptable one. The h quarters are not even now to be despised, ; with every prospect of beef bsing beyond reach of the poorer classes, there is reosoi believe that such a speculation might no1 an unprofitable one." " The remains of a Chinaman, named Bein, who died some six y^ars since at Be Creek, were disinterred on Tuesday," says Dunolly Express, "for the purpose of bt conveyed to China, there to be laid amor the bones of his ancestor?. Pormission! been obtained from the authorities, and v the aid of a professional gentleman, T Fow-who had undertaken to perform duty in question for his departed Men and some other Celestials, repaired to place of sepulture, and dug up the be of Ah Sein. The doctor sotted the be Into parcels belonging to the arms, 1 &a;, of deceased, and these were carefi washed and labelled, being snbsequei brought to the Camp at Dunolly, and set up in a carpet bag, under the supervisior the police, as directed. Candles and ince were bnrnt upon the ground, and thos attendance, Europeans as well as Chin were regaled with porter, port wine, biscuitp, the liquor being drunk out of basins, in the absence of glasses. Supreme compla- cency was expressed in the conntonance of Toon Fow, at being able to ¡redeem tho solemn promise made to the departed. Thus, in some respects are the children of the Sun a pattern to thoir European brethren." The latest news from tho Den diggings, near Launceston, is the following from the Examiner of the 26th inBt. :-" The commis- sioner, Mr. OhaB. Gould, arrived in town from theso diggings on Saturday night, and gives the following report of the proceedings for the paBt week:-Some gold, somewhat exceeding half an ounce, has been obtained by Mooro and party during the past few days. Several men have been employed during the last fortnight, under the direction of tho commis- sioner, in cutting bush-trucks in three direc- tions, radiating from the original prospectors' claim, and for a distance of from four to six milos each. This has been done with a view to assist the diggers lu prospecting the country at some little distance from the spot originally tested, and to avoid the necessity of shifting the camp. The result has been that in tw o directions some likely looking gullies havo been discovered. Several of the mon upon the ground have devoted a few days to testing ono of these places. Aa the distance, however, waa con- siderable from their camp, no great amount of work has been got through, Gold was found here, and is stated by the men to ba different in character to the reef gold dis- covered elsewhere, being rounded. It is probable that this will be followed up during the present woek. The Messrs. Cartledgo have joined Moore's party. Messrs. Wíbq and Hortle havo been engaged in sinking two additional BhaftB to strike the reef at two fresh points, in order to enable them to get a more complete sample of the reef." We have our Hobart Town files to the 27th inst. The Mercury reports the death of Mr. W. Race Allison, one of the representatives of the city in the Legislative Assembly. Mr, Allison was in bis fifty-second year. He had been in ill-health for some time. The pri- soner William Griffiths hal been committed for trial for tho Glenorchy murders. The finding of the coroner's jury was as follows : " We, the jury aforesaid, by our foreman, do say that the children, Goorge Johnson and Sarah Johnnn, were wilfully murdered on September 12,1805, by William Griffiths, and return our verdict ac: ardingly, exonerating the witness Frederick Wildiug from any par- ticipation in the clime." A very distressing accident occurred at Echuca on Tuesday night last, by which Mr. John Arnott, of Footscray, late foreman at Langland's Foundry, lost his life. The deceased wa3 a large shareholder in the Murray steam-boats, and went to Echuca to see about some repairs the boats needed. On Tuesday night he obtained a small boat for the purpose of going on board one of the vessels, and it is supposed that whilst crossing the river the boat capsized. The body has not been recovered, though the boat has been found. The company at the Theatre Boyal will be strengthened to night by the addition of two new »nival«, Captain and Mrs. Spencer Cooke, for whose first appearance in Australia the comedy of " Still Waters Rnn Deep" has been Belectcd. This evening will be the last of the engage- ment, at the Hoymarket Theatre, of Mr. W, O'Neil and Mr. James Simmonds, and also, for a time, of the ordinary dramatic company, inasmuch as the Christy Minstrels take pos- session of the establishment on Monday. 