SAFI. SrnoNO pinions boro Sall the Dreamer Through tho wheel and the wiri of a raoe ; And the Earth, raying up in confusion, Like a sea, thundered under his face. And the Earth, raying up in confusion, Passed flying and flying afar, Till it dropped like a moon into Bllcnce And waned from a moon to a start Waa it light-was it shadow he followed That he swept through those desperate fraoks, With his hair beating back on his shoulders, Like the tops of the wind-hackled flax! " 1 come," murmured Safl the Dreamer, " I como ; and thou fliest before I But thy way hath the breath of the honey And the scent of the myrrh orermore." ' His eyes were the cyc3 of a Watcher Held on by luxurious faith : And his lips were the lips of a sleeper Amazed with the boauty of Death t For ever and ever ho murmured : ^ " My Love, for the sweotness with thec . ..j Do I follow and follow," said Safl, " Like the Wind on a measureless Boa." And, fronting the furthermost Space«, He kept through the distances dim, : . - Till the days and tho years and the cycles Were lost and forgotten by him. When he carno to the silver star-portal», . c' Tho Queen of that wonderful place "- " Looked forth from her windows rcsplendeat, . . And started, and dreamed in his face. And one said-This is Safl the Only Who lived in a planet below, And hov.sed bim apart from his fcl'owa, > A million of ages ago. «'Ho erred, if he suffers, to clutch" at, . . ? - . . High lights from the wood and tho street; ' - ?* l Kot caring to sec how his brothers Wero content with the things at their feet," But she whispered-" Ah 1 turn to the Stranger : He looks Uko a Lord of tho Land; Tor his eyes are the eyes of an Angel, And the thought on his forehead ia grand 1 " Is there never a pcaco for the sinner Whose sin is in this, that he mars 1 The light of his worship of Beauty Forgetting the flower for the stars ! "Behold him, my Sister immortal, i And donbt how he knowcth his shame - | XVho raves in the shadow for sweetness And gloats on the ghost of a flame ! " His sin is his sin, if he suffers, . '" Who w ¡nully straitened the Truth ; And his doom is his doom, if ho follows A lie -A ithout sorrow or ruth 1" ' And another, from uttermost verges. Ran out with a ternblo voice " Let him go-it ia well that ho goeth Though he break with the lot of his choice !" "I como," murmured Safl the Dreamer, " I come ; and thou fliest before 1 But thy way hath the breath of tho honor And the scent of the myrrh evermore !" [ «'My Queen," said the first of the voices, " Ho huntcth a perilous XVraith Arrayed with voluptuous fancies | And ringed with tyrannical faith ! ' ' Wound up in the heart of his Error, i Ho must sweep through the Bilcncea dire, i Like one in the dark of a desert Allured by fallacious fire !" And Bhc faltered and asked, like a doubter, " When he hangs on those Spaces sublime With the Terror which knowcth no limit And holdcth no record of Timo «' Forgotten of God and the demons, Will he keep to his fancy amain 1 Can ho live for that hornblo Chooa Of flame and perpetual rain V But an answer, as soft aa a prayer, Fell down from a high hidden Land, And the words were the words of a language Which nono but the Goda understand 1 HENRY KENDALL. 