Union of Presbyterian Churches. (from the Empie} The public consummation of the Union of the Presbyterian Churches in New South Wales, took place yesterday morning in the Masonic Hall. There was a very largo meeting of Presbyterians ?'irom aH.;partfl-of the-colcny, v/ith a 'considerable number -of persoss, inclmling some ministers ?telonging'to other denominations. Tbe hall was ??crowded in every 'Dart, manv beinr' nomni'lli-il to ??standj'so tlmt there-could not have been le&s; tlian a thousand persons present. At' eleven o'clock ?'the membera of 'the Synod of Australia, arrived from St. Andrew's Church, and 'the members of the the General Synod, 'from 'the Free Church, Macquarie-street, -and the Rev. Adam Thomson, ? ??and several members of his congregation from the Phillip-street Church. The members of the Synod of Australia took their place on the right of the chair-; the members of the General Synod ?on the left, the two Moderators sitting in front of the chair. The Rev Adam Thomson, as clerk of the Conference, took his place between the Moderators. The Rev. Dr. Fullerton, -Moderator of the Synod of Australia, commenced the proseedings by giv-: ing out the 100th psalm— 'All people that on -earth do dwell.' &c.; The Rov. 'A. C. Seikie, 'Moderator of the General Sj'nod, then offered .prayer. The Rev. Dr. Fullerton then called unou I ?*t'he 'Rev. John M '.Gibbon, clerk of tho Synod of' Australia, who read the ' last act ahd declaration' ?of that sy.uod, which, after reference to the union raagotiations now-brought to a suceesaful-termina-1 'tion, states that 'this synod is of opinion that i ?iia for the glory of God and the good of tho Church of Christ 'tliat^the union of the -aforesaid parties^ should not be longer delayed,' and accordingly -agrees to consummato the union. The Rev. A. C. Geikie then-called on theHevi -James Cameron, clerk of the general synod, who ;read the last acbaud declaration of that synod,'; 'couched.in-eimilar- teruis to that of the Synod of Australia. The Rev. A. Thomson then called on Mr.' M'Naughten, clerk of 'the Kiik session of the: United Presbyterian Church, Phillip-street, who read a declaration of similar purport from that session Tho Rev. Adam Thomson, ..as clerk of the con ference, then read the following articles formerly ^agreed upon, as tae basis of the union : — ? That'the designation of the United Church shall be ' The Presbyterian Church of New South Wales and that the Supreme Court of the church -dhall'be designated ' The General Assembly of; the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales ' ?' II. That the Word of God, as- contained in . »the Scriptures of itlie Old and New Testaments,; -is held by this church as the supreme, and ??only: authoritative rule of faith and practice. 'III. 1 hat -the Westminster Confession of Faith, the Larger and Shorter Catechisms, the VForm of Presbyterial Church Government, the Directory for. tlie Public Wors hip of God, and the .Second Book of Discjpline, .are .the subordinate ?otartdards ofaliis church. ! VI. Tlie subordinate standards above enumer ated are received with the following explana-. ttiORS:: — i. That, while the Confession of Faith con tains the creed to which as to a confession -of his own faith, every office-bcarer in the ^church must testify in solemn form his per sonal adhorence, and while the catechisms are sanctioned as directories for -catechising, '.theJDirectory for.Public Worship, the form of Church Government, ? and the Second Book of 'Discipline are of the nature of regulations rather than of tests, and aro not to be imposed by subscription upon ministers ..and elders. / 12, That, in adopting these standards, this church is-not to be held as countenancing ^persecuting or intolerent principles, or any: denial of invasion -of the right ' of private judgment. ?3. That by Christ's appointment, the churclr jjs spiritually .independent, and is not subject ? lin'its own province, and in the administra tion Of its own affairs, to the jurisdiction or authoritative interference of the oivil \- nower. -',Y. That this church asserts for itself a ?separate and independent-position in -relation *to ??other churches ; and that its ' highest court shall possess supreme pn.l final jurisdiction over its inferior judicatories, office-beurers, and members ' VI. That this church shall receive ministers ?and probationers from other Presbyterian Churhes applying for admission, on their affording: satisfactory evidenco of their qualifications and. -eligibility, and subscribing the formula.' I'During'the reading of these articles, all the -:members of the three-oeveral- bodies about to^unite Tomained standing, and as each article -.was con-: .eluded every member held up his right hand in: =token of his assent thereto. 1 he itev. ur. l'uiierton-tnen ruau inn loiiuw ^ing declaration.:—' Ij James Fullerton, Moderator of tl le Synod ofA.u3tralia in connection with the Established Church of Scotland, do hereby, in :tcrms of the act and declaration now read by the ?clerk of synod, declare that the eclesiastical'con ncotion of said 6ynod with the Established Church of Scotland, is henceforth dissolved. And ??1 do now, in torms of the samo act and declara ition, and also in terms of tho articles of basis of mnionj just read by tho clerk of conference, further. declaro the union of said synod with -the General Synod of the Presbyterian Church in New South Wules, and with the session represent ing the United iPresbyterian. Church iu Sydney, to ?-beuow, on the part of this synod consummated.' The R C Geikie, in similar terms, declared ♦lint, flm Ronninl Svnod had an ecclesiastical con nection with the Free Churoh of Scotland or any othor church, and that the union with the two \- ? todies is now, on the part of tho General Synod, toonsummntcd. I'-.j.'t', 'The -Rev. Adam Thomson alsodculard the con .gregation he represents had ceased to have any ' ecclesiastical connection with the United Presby \ tcrian Church of Scotland, und that the union -1, ^ witli the otner two bodies is now, on the part of 4- _ ? that congregation aud its sesiion, consummated. The utlerance oi tlicje declarations was ill fact . 1 ith-:i accomplishment of tlie lunion, Tlie two j .dewtors and Mr. Thomsou theicupun signed the articles of union, and then gave one another tho right hand of fellowship; many of the members, following their example, passed from side to side across the platform, and cordially; sh;-ok hands with their new associates in ' Tlie Presbyterian Clinrch of New South Wales.' ' The Rev. John M'Gibbon and 'the 'Rev. James. Cameron read tho rolls of thoir respective synods/ and Mr. M'Naughton read the roll of tho United J'rtmhyteiian Church. ~ The Rev. 'Dr. JTuIIerton then proposed that, the Rev. Adam Thomson be the moderator of the ueneral assembly. He referred to tho here ditary-honor of Mr. Thomson:; to his faithfulness in the work of the Church of Christ in his native land, and the high standing he had taken there; in the esteem df the ohurch. He-appealed to the memory of his.-zealous and devoted labors in the cause of union in this colony. -There was no mail: in New South Wales who had done so much for the promotion of union as the Jicv. Adam Thom son. It was fitting, therefore, that as lie had labored so well in tlie accomplishment of the ui:ion and the consequent formation of the body now incorporated — 'the Presbyterian Church of NewSouth Wales, he should receive the honor of being appointed the first moderator of this assern- I blv. fADDlause.1 I The Rev. A. C. Geikie seconded the nomina tion of Mr. Thomson. He said they had all had proof of the ability, Christian fidelity, and courtesy of the Rev. Adam 'Thomson,--and he be lieved his appointment would be approved by all the church. ! The Rev. R. S. Paterson said he fully con curred' in the praises accorded to the Rev. A. Thomson. He:loved and honoured Mr. Thomson and he acceded to the motion. But lie-would acton the principle of the Bible ' Honour to; whom honour is due?' Honour was due to Mr Thomson. Honour was also due at such a time as this to the Rev. Dr. Lang. Dr. Lang had laboured long and earnestly for the advancement of the --Presbyterian Church .in Australia, before, some of the ministers - there present came into' existence;; and had brought out many of them to-; this country. He therefore thought Dr Lang's name ought not to be passed in silence on such a day as this. He spoke on behalf of other minis ters and elders on that platform, as well as for! ?himself, -when lie said that honour was due to the Rev. Dr Laug for his eminent services to the; .cause represented there. ...(This allusion to Dr. sLang?s services, and the honour due to him, was, received with loud cheers from a part of t o' audience, and some of the ministers aud elders on the platform;-) -He:(Mr JPatersoii), however, did not wish to oppose the motion. He cordially con--; curred in awarding the position of moderator to' the Rev, Adam Thomson. :,(Cheers], .; The motion was then carried unanimously, the.; members of the Assembly rising and lifting up the-'r right hands to express their cordial accep tance of the. nomination. The Rev. A. Thomson' then retired to the vestry, where he was met by Mr. Robert Anderson, who presented him. in the name of subscribers in several congregations, a handsome gown and- cassook. The Eev. James Cameron then proposed that the Rev. J. B. Lau^htoa be the Cleck of -.the; General Assenibly. The Rev. John M'Giblon seconded tbe motiun^ which was carried unanimously. The Rev. A. Thomson, as Moderator, 'then constituted the General Assembly with praise, reading the Scriptures and prayer — first giving out the -beginning of the 147 th psalm:: — ri.,,1 ,WI. 1,1, iM iin -.Tnniqulpm . And H'j it is alono j That. tho dispcr.-ied of Israel Both gather into one, &c.; He read the l7th chapter of the Gospel according-' to St. John. After the^prayer the Moderator de-i livered-the following .INAUGURAL ADDRESS. : Fathers and Brethren, — The union to which, we have, long looked forward, and for whioh we have labored and prayed — sometimes amid much difficulty and discouragement — is now an accom plished fact. The entire Presbyterianisin of the colony, formerly divided into various, and too often opposing, sections, is now, with the excep tion of a small portion of one of these sections comprehended with the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales, this day formed. When we: look back on tho state of things a few years ago, or even recall particular periods in the course of our union negotiations, :the event of this day can not but fill every one of us with mingled wonder and gratitude. We thankfully own the good hand of our God upon us in the way in which w. have been led.; and like the ohurch of old, when tho Lord-turned again the -captivity of .Zion, we unite in the ascription — ' The Lord hath done great things for us, v.-heieof we aro glad;' With gratitudeTorthe past let us combine hope and prayer for the future, that God who has helped us hith erto, may be with us still, shedding plentifully on all the office-bearers and members of our united church the grace of His lloly bpint, tnat we may rise together to a sense of our high calling, and, letting the past bury its dead, may onter with one heart and soul, on a new career of com bined and earnest action in the service of our common Lord and Saviour, The union .just con summated is in harmony with one of the most striking characteristics of tbe age in which we live. Throughout Evangelical Christendom there is a marked craving for more of visible unity and ?enlarged corporate action. In tracing the causes ,0f this, we should need to go back to the first tokens of tho day break— the first stirriugs of an ?awakened religious life in England, Scotland, and America, after that dark night, which, with its sleep of death, had settled down on the church in all lauds in the first liulf of last century. The ?immea'ate eiioci mueou, m um. r.u». — ing was tho -separation aud divisions; but it was j the separation of the living from the dead, and division arising -from on earnestness of conviction, which, if it sometimes confounded small tilings with great, yet implied a homage to truth and duty, contrasting strongly with the religious indif ference from which it was tho rec til. Tho lifa in the new religious communities acting on natwas still left of life in tho old, and these several com munities acting and re-acting on one another, elements were at work tending to bring all back I to a bettor unity than had le.'u lost; common iympathi :S were awakened — which overleaped [ sectarian boundaries, — whilo Ihe terrible outbreak of infidelity connected with the first Frcnch revo lution, helped powerfully to quicken the under lying consciousness of those, and to rouse into , something like common -action the -zeal for Christ us distinguished froru.zeal for party, which formed the life-blood of all the truly awakened portions of tho -ohurch alike. 1'no result '-was -the rise, towards the close of last century and at- the be ginning of -the present, of those great Missionary and Bible societies, with their Catholic constitu tions and aims, which may be regarded as the first public expression, in modern times, and the first Di-aciical embodiment on a large scale, of the unity of all tiue Christians. The Evan- :i gelical Alliance, in our own day, is an exhibition in another form, of the same glorious unity. Yet, these institutions,' though of immense value for their immediate objects, and exercising a mighty-! influence b.-yond them were manifestly defective as an exemplification of the oneness of the body ; ?of Christ, to which the New ^Testament gives such prominence. They ^demonstrated the unity in; Christ of individual Christians. But it is our Lord's will that his followers should be formed j into churches ; and 'churches are not meant to bi-sak down the true ideal of Christian catholicity, but to develope and perfect'it. The fellowship of a single congregation of Christians is the rudi mcntal forni'of church life ; butsuoh life is capable of in.lefnii'e expansion ; and it is just rn proportion as it is expanded, that the visible church, as such approaches the unity which theXord designed by. it. The craving for unity which characterises the present time is happily the unity not simply of individual Christians, but that which arises out of it, and be .p;aks a kislier stage of development — the unity of Christ' ans as already associated iu church fellowship. Even those religious bodies,, whose theory of church order would -'isolate in dividual Christian ?'tongregations, show a grow ing dissatisfaction — practically at least — with such isolation ; a consciousness of its unnatural ncss and of t ie weakness arising out of itand wesee! a recourse -o--various* expedients on the part of; our brethren in ti.ose bodies for securing a-.com-; bincd testimony to the world, and something like combined church organisation and action. Our Episcopalian brethren, on the other hand, are seeking after a churoh uni'y, for which mere Episcopal government — and still less such govern ment fettered and paralysed, as in England, by a superadded rp.jarfitusof State arrangements — is found to fu nisli no adequate organ-satior.. We cannot but rejoice in the modification whio i Episcopacy is undergoing in our own colony, in t ie rise of diocesan synods, with lay ns well as clerical representat.ves — tlie change being evi !ently in tbe right direction, and fitted to extend the liberties, to develop the resources, to promote; the efficiency, as well as to cement -tho unity, of that most important and influential portion of tho; Church of Christ in this land. When we look - again at our own denomination, the endeavors after greater ecclesiastical unity are to be wit nessed everywhere. There is this peculiarity lioweve.-, none of the Presbyterian chinches need to change their existing internal organiza tion in order to carry out their plans of union. The existing organisation — the organisation^ characteristic of them — furnishes the most appro propriate machinery, Lr biinging about union, and for securing the efficient working of 'it.: when attained. This, in no small measure,' ac counts for the extraordinary multiplication in re cent times of instances of Presbyterian union, and its no less extraordinary success. The various sections of the vast Presbyterian body in the United States of America, though not yet formally united, are rapidly approaching each other, and their union cannot -be long deferred. In tha British Empire much in tho way of union has' been already accomplished. In Scotland it is now nearly half a century since .the two bodies of the old secession were united -in one church, which, again, was enlarged, -somewhat less than twenty years ago, by a further union, which re sulted in what is now the United Presbyterian Church. Arrangements are in progress, under the most promising auspices, for a uuion betwixt' that cliuioh and her younger but more powerful -si ;ter, the Free Church, and also for the union with both of the Reformed Presbyterian Church. That union, when completed, will comprehend two-thirds of the Presbyterianism of Presbyterian Scotland. The Estabhshc-d'Church, indeed, will still remain separate. But let ais hope that chauges will ensue— the nature of the required changes neither side may ytt be agreed about, but it is not to bo doubted that, when the excite ment of recent controversy shall have passed away, and new light be struck out by the march of events, Christian wisdom -and charity will liud them out by which that venerable church, whioh is ' the mother of us all' — the Church of Knox, and Melville, and Henderson, and, erewhile, of Erskine and Gillespie, aud Chalmers— will yet, with her daugh ter churchos given back to her, and stronger and better oompacted than in the days of her youth, become again, but in a highor sense, and more gloriously than ever she has ever been I hitherto, the National Church of Scotland. The. Presbyterian Church of England, again, is already making overtures which are kindly met for par ticipation in the anticipated union of the churches north of the Tweed:; while, across the Channel, two unions, the last of which is more than twenty years, has resulted in the formation of the Presby terian Church of Ireland, which comprehends a large -if not the largest— portion of Irish Protestantism. Turning from the mother country to the British colonies, the union of Presbyterian churches has spread with such rapidity as now to have become almost universal. On the American continent such union has taken place in Canada, and Nova Scotia ; and, as regards our own Aus tralasia, in New Zealand, in Tasmania, in 'Vio- ?toria, iu Queensland, in South Australia, and now at last in New South Wales. Nor -is there any reason why there Bhould not be a confederation of our various Australasian Presbyterian ohurches which might help still further to devolope their unity, and, without any infringment of their sevoral rights, might economise their resources, and promote their efficiency for common ends. And tbis idea of confederation might well be carried out umongst all the evangelical Presby terian Chuichcs throughout the world ; the con federation modified, of oourso, by distance, but yet retaining enough to identify all tho churches as one in faith, worship and government, and furnishing facilities for mutual encouragement in the work of onr common Lord. Even apart from such confederation, tho Presbyterian Church of New Si-uth Wales, this day fonccd, hat. become a member, however humble, of 'the. great family of Presbyterian Churchos. This is; enough to firo-us with a holy ambition. Presby ?: terianism has grout traditions. It was th? order as we believe, observed in tho primitive Church Under the mighty impulse of tho Reformation, it. was the order generally 'followed by the churches' of Europe in proportion as they were left to spontaneous action, aud were unconstrained by-! orinces and- -rulers. It was mainly owing to the intervention of the civil power that its adoption, was prevented in some couutries, and that it was afterwards crushed out in others. The Reformed, Churches of-France, of Holland of Switzerland, aud of Scotland testify to it as a natural and ap propriate organ of the re-awakened Christian' cor.sciousness. And, although in all these coun tries with' the noble exception of our fatherland, it has suffered long depression, from which it is only n .w l-iiing again with a fresh awakening of re ligious life, and under the shelter of increased civil and religious liberty, it has found compen sation in the powerful hold it has taken amid the great institutions of America, where it compre-, bends within its pale a larger proportion of the population, and a still larger proportion- of the Christial intelligence and energy of the cotnmc : ' wealth, Presbyteriansim, therefore, if on;y ] Presbyterians are true to the spirit of thejr systf m and its traditions, has a glorious future before it, it is reasonable to believe, in this and the oth'i- Australasian colonies. With .its ^steadfast jtl lierence toithe great doctrines of the Reformation as embodied in its venerable standards; with the provision which it, has always been careful to maintain for securing an educated ministry; with its .conbination of ruling along with teaching in ciders in the government of the: churth ,; with the-jealousy with which it guards-, the rights of the Christian people in the election, of office-bearers, and in general congroca-' tional management.; with -the checks which it provides against merely local and temporary infitw ences iu ecclesiastical discipline and administra tion, it has advantages, as it seems to us, which do nit meet under any other system. .tfodJ forbid that we-sliould say, ' We are the people, and wisdom must die whith us' In our system at least, as hitherto wrought, there -ore miry others of w'iioh we are unconscious. If, agam ? other systems, as compared with our own have their drawbacks, tho have also their cxcellencos, which we will do well to -recognise, and copy. Still, we have a noble engine with which to work' if we had only wise neads, and strong hands, i f itd loving -and earnest hearts to -wotk it And w aat a glorious, though arduous, mission lies before - / , There is, first of all. the consolidating of cur ftx isting congregations, the infusion of new hfe.--.uio I them, the development of their resouices,- . J (i.iding of work for every one of their mein ilts. an! the helping of every one at his work,! t-sw. training of the young, the arousing of-our pfliil to act outwards on thc.religiou3 indifference1 nud. vice around them, _and the evoking among them of devout interest and active participation in tho general schemes and work of the church. Tncii,, tbere:isthe supplying, in connection with oilier religious bodies, of the as yet scattered po] -illa- tion of our vast interior with the public ord'iiaii ces of religion, by which aloue we can hopo to: revive in the older portion of that population religious impressions too often well nigh (worn out, and save the younger from growing up in something little short of absolute heathenism. Our churches at home lavish their thousands and their tens of thousands annually on missions to heathen lands. All honor to their Christian liberality'! Would that it were multipli -A o hundred fold ! It -is a noble thing to lie -- '- carrying out the great commission, 'Goin-:n ail. the world, and preaoh tho Gospel to every; otea liire.' But would also they only know, thut, in the far-stretching wilds of Australia, there arc -their 'brethren, their kinsmen according |:o the flesh,' who aro as far from the sound o. tiw Gospel as the Hindoo or the Hottentot.! i luo first obligation in the matter no doubt lies on the; Australian churches, and we must be roused to do our utmost,; but, until wo are stronger andf better organised, our utmost will be too little unless our home churches furnish us with men for the work, and also help us, in the first instance, in maintaining thera. Situated as we are, the work which lies to us is great. With all the evangelistic effort demanded of us in the recesses of our own island-continent, we are not at liberty to shut our ears to the call from the; adjacent islands of the Pacific — ' Coine over, and help us.' One of our firsc duties as a; church will be to organise a mission to the New Hebrides. _ But all this only shows how momentous aro the claims of Aus-: tralian evangelisation. These young Austra lian communities, with -all -the elements of strength belonging to a - people chiefly of Anglo Saxon origin, and inhabiting a territory possessed-; of almost illimitable natural resources, are destined : at no very distant day, to, become groat nations, exercising a mighty influence on tho countless islands of Polynesia on tho one hand, -and on tho- larger, though less numerous islands and peninsulas stretching on towards China anu India on tne othor. That their influence may operate foi-i advaiicingths highest-iuterests of hu-nauity do ponds on their being thoroughly leavened, at the present stage of their developoment, with thc knowledge and influence of the gospel. How arduousthen, I repeat, and yet how glorious, fahers and brethren, is the mission whioh opens ; on us I and how shall we be equipped for it, ex cept hy the word of truth, by tho power of God, by the armour of righteousnoss, on the right bond and on the left. And how are we to find this equipmeut, and to use it skilfully, earnestly, and faithfully, when found? -In no other way than; by our united church in all parts, becoming more deeply baptised into the spirit of Christ. Thore, is much to cheer us in the union of this day. Former alienations have been in a great treasure overcome — former breaches healed — and the | divided and dispersed of our denomination are gathered iuto one. In so far as our union is to be traced to any increase of Christian life among u^, and to tiua Christian zeal and charity, we have-cause of thanksgiving to tho God 'of all gracc. Yet inferior influoncies may havo mingled to a large extent with those which aro higher and purer ; and enough of spiritual dead- ? ness, and of its concomitant evils, - still remaius, to warn its that we must not count too mush on | mere external -union, or any formal organisation, or system of combined action, arising out of it. At such a timo we neod to realiso the importance, and — if any real good is to be dono — the absolute necessity of a fresh baptism of the spirit, and of an awakening among us, such as has not -yet-been witnessed of vital' Christianity. What i3 it we expect and desire from our union ? Not, surely, a high sounding empty name, or a mere imposing array of ecclesiastical machinery. If it is to bo of any real value at all it must bo as the manifes tation of the power of Christian love, fusing' hitherto discordant materials and combining them iuto an instrument of increased Christian efficiency But where is this love to come from, and what is to give to it tho consistency and .force of united Christian action ? except the truth of Christ, and; Christ himself by his spirit, shall become in oui church an ever-present power, sending the pulsa tions of true spirilual life from the heart to the ve;y extremities of the body. What need is there for u3 setting ourselves, and stirring up one an other and the people committed to our charge, to .take hold with a firm grasp of the great pro mise of the dispensation under which we live — the promise of .the Holy Ghost — and to ory; earnestly to God 'for -a renewal Pentecostal grace, that the Gospel may win among us, somethinsj liiie Pentecostal triumphs. A revived and earnest 'ehutoh $ Jtho.ya^.^^^ttr^ .times a; churoh reaha.1 1 ' ' Christ. of a BO-cai'fc'i'1. , ait ' « i n ii , I i ilphufr. ,ii name for a cv;,a » -will )r h ^ perish. Thd®' '* ? HpnaJ «?ir - «- , * rpu fl- , --? I Jhoy afford -- ? -.i-uting culihsC „ iutelleot, but£ . 'lT nau.iofij. - r r- '- p. i ' -? th j ipplicitl -?. -s - , . rijorcu i , immon ^ stir and-tol*^ ' 'r -' ^,r CluistiamtyA. - , j ' ' can alor.' , , . , ' ' ? - « — John IS pokir - , Christian cm ' * ( i,j« arid U\venp--n - sub™ tin j.': . us bless ?- i',' i4 '''libit ' .-Kelt ' churoh n m \ ^ - I , ' !| 1 J * l I* Ml ' - ' tl; recoguiseitf -- ' *?-. miIui, and tho j;r4 ' * ' V ^ ? j fti A Us round us inf,( - v i eon uti niseitinfll 1 ' 1 ' , ?; - - ---- nU\ li1 in ; ! I- ' i t I'jngUi.d. ' r - . if (U, ofthetmu., ' ' - .'illoiv *—? --vb i . t' ? -i [- 1 * ''J in relt ien«'J- to tn i, and nowe^'v - *- t -Uit om ap istohc Vt° h ' 'V '''-y ' r p 'ot iccuiuaii! t'u' th . -v -v r UueysandJ' -? ? nni;, I.o «eom to Iivi ^ jlV k ft! 'Nv ( V ^ H - / - „ . which thci, ' i * - - t , -/ii 'lentnee. ' v' ' * ' * ' * i ' -nr. - - - 1' - throughout! ? ,-,i u ' (irreligious?- '* ' '* , ^ , ' ' ' v . . n- ' - f * ' viction aiiov , i eclipse, tii^ ,' V { J memories. % ? i ,ji ',j - . - , making L ' dtffdit.ncc [ * 4 - - ' - , , morj revc'' 'v. , ; aildcoiqup. HI C' 1/ I'l- - r.r.n - -i dn miled f' * -,'f1 ,nt0 «, '1 ' i i V( 'iniiiti }l»id lit foi mnnui , all its dis^i ? 5 ? i- lU i-l~ - r , doctrniQ c^* 5 «»w.liisf iiirftasJol-i,, » .f, » } soon to lie- , ' 'T tht-re be iiiTlhing to bt mndo by Ut . inm. j.,'1 '? ^ 't ihi't flitd »pi'cn:..nve hw, John m tbt i , -j i i ot'^ot'iiifl liiiiuiti ai-d ~otj, ftv, m J J thundercii -? - ?.- «,( - fhc n 'aiis itijnirod to cot i.»t wit'i i I !ithnr ' * * ' ' rl ?-'? and s/oli. poire v ' -ai-.-int.-uo i;.?£eu£ na -tils) ,' coming iilttti from extfji- j I'tn'o-s.' from its rvi t..u —Tho Goueiiil ah,;- : - { months ^ -* ' ' lniut.ng at ,. ,s ? i '! fwvi ^.- ^ *,m. iu 'ho t- 1 ' necuou (-it( ii no nt.-;. vlou- 1 tbe evan^ - ii.utr *--!:?»»?? a na »i rtstei 5 *. ..Imoto,'11- 'rtl1 »' '.HI 'ftl 10CUW '« aniuiaieiy ; buitio preliiniB.sry ' C- ?? tK-ner 1 revival,-/ * '' '?- d Muih mnili « ??! //-.c, *? to'iu1 t,,f iir.-iui. o{ tl aige (-- tin* fti, ,tcr liive' Pi. to-that r t , 'nraot 1.-1 WagKl sj th' Oil f & ( -advanrp'^--:- 1»1'1 , f -.-t ^ u ...fu - . 'i f. . -1 fdt f--r J ^ , - (tt'Ju 1 l W n^iOu - bf t j f i iliaiMrij t i'ui. lllflucucv- A pLH ' -,as -? id t orr( (.k* - t, ? ' , j-, OUt Chit'1'!'' '? H l* ' idmi.nv 1 t1' - mi i , -i ? if th - ' i,ii, as thosc-.i in, , , rij. \ t J i. ? JLt..'1^':;ilUe»'r1/.i... flini:' . f I'ulatn 1 : IlimiCI' w m: , ? . . anil- f'arel, and -Uozo, in the great dayn ol old. Itwouia bo difflculj; to estimate tho iajuienso im pulse which, during the .last few years, has been given to e7angelical religion in Italy, and still more difficult to foretell its issues. Tho light ot a pure gospel whioh was never wholly-quenched in the valleys of Piedmont, when deep midnight lay 011 all the rest of Europe, now radiating far beyond its old mountain asylum, kindling up with life-giving power in many important and influen tial centres throughout the dark places of the South. Our tidings of the state of religion in the New World, again, have for some .years ;been lost amid tho din of the most desolating Of modern wars. But the groat religious revival of America, I somo years bofore, no doubt contributed powerful. i'lement3 for good amid all tho violence necessarily attending so unparallel a conflict, and was not without its influence in deter-', mining the glorious issue, so far -as regards the breaking the bonds of -three millions of slaves. ; Neither can we doubt that the terrible ordeal j through which the American churches have passed will bo overruled for deepening in thorn a spirit, of religious thoughtful ness, and atirringthem to! repair tho desolations of the sword, by more earn est endeavors than before to exemplify and diffuse the blessings of the G;ospol of peaco. With the church -in all lands then waking up, and putting j on new strength in the work of the Lord, as if; girding herself for tho groat filial conflict whioh is - ?to isiuo in the universal triumph of truth atuV righteousness — with the manifold companies in the-; great arm.y of the Captain of Salvation gathering' on evory -aide, panting to talco poBueasiuu world in the name of Messiah the Prince, shall we, fathers and brethren, romain idle spectators? Let us, with all the dew of our youth on us as a church', take our place, however humble, among the covenanted hosts, every one of us vowing, in the strength of the grace which is in Christ -Jesus,, to be faithful unto death. That very -vow re-; minds us, that soon we must, as individuals, drop our armour ; and the failing strength of s omo of: us gives warning that our time cannot be long. \11 the more lieed there is that wo quit ourselves while wo may, to fight the good fight of faith, and enlist others to fill with younger hands the I places wo leave. Then we shall join that part of the host who havo already crossed the flood greeting the blood-besprinkled hands on the eter. : nal shore— and with them will watch the conflict we have loft onward to its -glorious close, and taka part in raising that shout of jubilee which will fill the universe, loud as the voioo of many watery and as the voice of mighty thunderings, Alleluia, for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth. ;Tho Moderator was frequently applauded dur ing the delivery of his eloquent address, the oon -oluding appoal of which mado .a deep impression ' on the audienoe. Tho Rov. Dr. Fullerton, as the senior of the retiring Moderators, moved a resolution expres sive. of the gratitude of tho Assembly now con stituted to the Great Head of the Church, for the consummation of the union in answer to the prayers of Ilis people. The'Rev. A. C. Geikie, as retiring Moderator of tho General Synod, seconded the resolution. The resolution was carried unanimously. The General Assembly was then adjourned art ten minutes past two o'olock until 10 o'olook this day, to meet in Phillip-street Churoh, and there to go into committeo on bills and overturea. Tlis noxt meeting for the business of the assembly being fixed for'6 o'olock on Monday evoning. The Moderator then .pronounced the benedic-. tion. Most of the members of the asseubly after wards signed.tho, articles of the basis. A man said to *.ome of his lriends that when he married, he loved his wife so muoh that ha couli, have i.'iudn her, and ever since regrettedthat ???? i ; .... atli said there were three things \--.j man fancied ho could do— farm a L irivea gig, and write an article foro ' * I ' , jTced Jekyll what was the differenco ' , tcitor and an attorney ? ' Much tbe ' - ' i' replied he ' as between a crocodile / ' ~'toi.' v ? , Tl v.ife attempted to move bim by her |'i,' said he,'' tears are- useless, I have _ ^ r' ar They contain a little phosphate f 1 chlorate of sodium and water.' : i-'.jof : 