VICTORIA.. In the Legislutive Asadembly on 131th ilst., in reply to a question. h10,nW. Mr. Snodgrass, as to the operation.nof the new Lund Act, Mr. GFnnt stated that the quantity oflland selected uip to 1o0n duv night waus 688,895"nerce, theinumber of selectnrs ieeing 1,927. Of these, 380 were certifldate holders, .'who 'took up 69,524 acres; and 1,647 were lessees under the act, the quij'ntity selected by themn being 519 371 emgres. Th'llidial tental for this land, was, £69,390 per anlnumll. The i iinouirt . whichl :it , had yielded hitherto was £9,800, per annum.: " At the meeting ol thle Rlcitdentnl In jury 'and Death ' 'Insurane Comespanaiy, held on 13th inst., it was anioiunced that 3,000 slhares? rellrenenltin a' subcrilbed capital of £30,000, had b';fn applied for, and it was resolveds thit.,nits do? ii 2,000 moere shares were' tnken f:p,'.'thle j ,usin?s? ortlie eollllny lihould be.cuomumineced. For this purpose, the share-list will. be kept open till the 3rd o/'July. 'r here is a Chinaman now ill. at the camp, north of the townshipl,' sany thie' Turnagulla Courier, ' under clirio?~s circllumnstnes. Dr. dranlt, on' seehtig him, lould him ton be completely satn rated wii thle ifcects'ofi, umtercury. ih Ihead' being greatly" swelled;, . nd his ,mouuh nd thrul t ul .ei.ted, tlie felsh comsling away in large flakes. lie is re coveriln, but how hie becaime ilpregalued with the meatal is a mystery; altlhutigh, perhlaps, it might be solved by iuinglming tihe evaporation of the quicksilver fro u the copper plates of some- crashing machine beion inhaled in a close tent." The first detalhment of boys for tlhe naval training ship in Hobson's Bay was placed on board yesterday. It comprised nineteen youths, who marched down to Sal:dridge, headed by the band from the Immigrant Home.-Argus 13th inst. A novel mode of collecting rent is re ported by the Ballaarat Star as having been brought to light in the county court on -10th inst., in the case of Alice Ellis v. R. S. Mitchell. Our contem. pIorry says :-' The defendant and his brother had gone to the plaintiffs house fir rent, and in the course of an alterca tion between the defendant .and the plaintiff and a man in the house, the de. fendant took out and. brandished a re volver. For the 1ilsifitiff it was averred that the pistol was cipped and was pre sented, but' the, defendant, said. that he only held it up ,to intimidate the man I' ilen ei held up his clenched fist. The plaintiff stied for dlamaes for the (legal) assault, and,the judges gave her £5 and £3 3s. cost, his Honor saying that he would' recommnend the defendant to take a broker instead of ais pistol the next time he went to collect rent.' An inquest' was' held by Dr. Youl, at the hospital, on Saturday afternoon 10th instant on the body' of John 'Baker Hodgson,. aged fifty - nine iyears. Deceased was suddenly taken ill on Wednesday, at the Melbourne Railway Terminus, and being removed to the hospital, he died tthere next day. i'hecause of death was found to be dis ease of the heart. ' i ''An instance of frightful ignorance" says'the :Leader; '"was exhibited at tile Talbot General Sessions on the 14th inst. In the case iof stealing St. Patrick, a horse belonging to Mr. Johnson, of this town, a boy itamted Lyons'was called ins a witness for the prosecution; attd the fol Ilo'ving dialogie ensued :--His Honor Judge Mucbay.-' Do you. understand the natuire of an oath ?'. ..Wiiness.-'No' The Judge.-' Do" y6u who know G ,d is ' 'Witness.. N'."o The Judge. Can you' read or write?' Witntess. No.' ite Judge.-,' Did you never go to school?' ,Witness.--' Don't know what that is; never went there, at all events.' I'he Jaidge.-- How old are yot'? Witness.-' Thirteen.' ..Thl'e Judge. W\Vho 'dre:youri parents?' " itness. t My father's d blacksmith at 'Burnbank, and toy itother's "dead.' 'The Judge WVhere were you born?' Witness. In this colony? His .Honor told the baoy to stand down; and 'then expressed his astonishment ait meeting with such a ierrible instance of ignorance. Th'e Judge said he could 'not haveabelieved, hadi the circunlstaneg n9tctome tinder hiss notice, that suclh a terrible'o?dition of ignorance existed. Tlie.Oblinese it appears, can at times join in, if they do not appreciate, what is gen erall knoown as a free fight. " Proof of this, says the 'Ballarat Sun, " was alffor ded. in a case of assault tried at the police yesterday, in stlhich it appears that a gen ieral scrimniage had taken place on the , Plank road some days since, and during tithe row all methods of inflicting injury on ltheir opponents were adopted. Thus, the defendant in tnhe case was placed in a hole I and sn attemlit made to cover him witll earth, The prosecutor, however, appears t to have fared tihe worse of the party, he t having received a severe blow 'with a shovel, which laid him senseless. Others I had quantities of hair torn from their t heads, and the remainder suffered Irom blows administeted by stones. Altogether, it appeared that no one had escaped even the, Europeans, who had interfered, liav ing been subjected to some ill.usage." Four persons were admitted to the hI-. pitl;on 16lth ilunst, having met with ac. cidents. One was William Goldsworthy, t aged fifty-three, who had fractured his lelt leg in removing stones from the quar ries at! Fitzroy. Another was Alfred ] atdls, eight years of age, who had been knocked downs by a" runaway hiorse,', at the corner of Burke and William-streets. He was admitted at half-past three o'clock and ilied ateiglitin the evening- :"A third was Alexasider Cronstadt, one of' the soi lors bhelongitng to 'the shiit Lincolnshire, wbdin ieige ejectedd fron theo Sandridge policse court, !lr creatinga tdlistuirbance, fell over .tlie 'stieps, hetig tdrunk' at the hitOe., On adinisstiop lie was found to' be t suffering from' a fIracture 'f 'the left leg. I The last was at yous, named James' Da vison';age'i thlrteen years ~ hvlu Ilud his' left nruel utlia1uqgapqt fritgllitfih :msanner by a circular saw, at Mr 8. Smith's saw *'mills, Eusi'Colliit'nwoed.--Age. iThIe Jiiount Alaeander Mail says:-" Wri. 'titg on the suel'et of ghosts, a correspondent sends as the following mysterious paragraph: \--'If a large number' of persons are to be be lioied, there is a noted ' bleak' house situate not a hundred miles from this joantion oat the Campbell's Creak and, Tarrogower roads, which for some months past has been the scone of nightly visitations of restless souls \- who have roe-crossed the Styx. The tenant of I tle house is a brawny blacksmith, not likely to ea eisily scared ; budt both he and his Sfamily taintain talt, in a'ertain room of the huse, there are nightly sch stra go on-such unearthly noises; snbch jumping about of chairs and tables, accompanied by strange moans and groans-that is is impossible for any of them to sleep; yet, on entering the room, all is as quiet and still as the air when the winds are hushed. No sooner, however is the door of the apartment closed than the pranks and frolics are resumed with redoubled vigor, nor cease till daylight does appear. It is currently reported that incredulous neigh. bore have passed portions of the night in the house, and that the experience of all verifies the statement of the blacksmith. Among the number of persons alluded to is an energetic member of the borough council and a well. known Boniface, born of no pale-facod fear. It is further stated that an appeal has been made to a celebrated nautical captain of the district, whose long acquaintance with Father NeFtono, it is supposed, may have made him suflciently knowing as to enable him to exor else these airy visitants from the abode of their present midnight revelries. In the meantime, it is a fact that the blacksmith is about toseek other quarters, where, it is to be hoped, his slumbers may. be as calm as an infant's upon its mother's breast.' " Owing to the vote of the Legislative As. tsombly on 14th instant, on the Coliban water sohoeme, the greatest excitement prevailed at Malmabury and Taradalo. The inhabitants, immediately upon receipt of the intelligence, improvised a meeooting, and all the drays of the noighborhood were put in requisition to get wood for an immense bonfire. Messrs. Blyth and Co. presented about forty tons of firewvood ready out, and carted it to the top of the hill at Malmsbury, opposite the church. This wood, together with some other fifty loads, tar-barrels, grease, &c.;, made an enormous bonfire, which was seen miles off. A supper also took place at French's Hotel. A number of gentlemen have formed a committee for or ganising a banquet, to bhe given on Monday evening next, when all the chairmen of the boroughs interested will be invited, together with the members for the district, and others., The ?arrsnambool Examiner of 13th inst. furnishos the following particulars of the cold. blooded murder at Itussell's Creek:-" One of the most atrocious murders over committed in this district, and equalling that of poor Constable O'Boyle, took place on Saturday evening last, at Russell's Creek. The victim, James Sweenoy, died at the hospital yester day morning, and an inquest was hold on his body at that institution, before the police magistrate and a jury of twelve, last evening. It appears that James Sweenoy, his murderer (a man named Thomas Motynard, or Yankee Tom), John Haw. and John WVales, were all in the employ of Mr. John Evans, the con tractor, and slept in separate banks in a house close to their employer's residence. On Sa turday evening, W\ales, Sweenoy, and Haw went to bed about the usual time. Meynard was lying on his bunk, undressed. Between eleven and twelve o'clock Haw was awoke from his sleep by hearing two shots fired, and a scream, and on looking around he saw Moy nard pointing a pistol at him. Moynard told him to be quiet, that hoe did not want to hurt him, and then fired at poor Sweenoy, who was lying on his bed wounded, and who then evidently received the third shot. Haw and Wales then went outside after Moynard, but returned to dress themselves, and whilst doing so Maynard seems to have returned and fired a fourth shot, but without effect, after which no further trace has boon seen of him. Sweoney was then assisted to Mr. Evans's residence. Dr. Bfyd found Sweeney suffering from three distinct wounds, from one of which he extracted a conical ballot. Sweeoney was as speedily as possible conveyed to the hospital, whore lie died in groat agony. The only cause assigned for the murdgr is, that Sweeney and Moynard had a quarrel whilst at work on Saturday, when Moynard took up a pick to strike the other but was prevented. It is supposed that Meynqdl then waited until Sweeoney was asleep, when he de liberately shot him. The parties appear to have been perfectly sober during the ovening. The deceased was a single man, and aged about twenty-six. A verdict of' wilful murder' has been returned." The select committee of the Legislative As. sembly, appointed on the 31st March last, to examinao and report upon the capabilities of the Cape Patterson coal-fields for supplying the colony, and the best means of rendering tthe fields available, havobrought up a progress report. ''The report stated: " Your committee has had evidence give to them that the parties now in possession of a I part of the Capo Patterson coal-fields have stopped their works, in consequence of the great cost and almost impossibility of ship ping coal at Cope Patterson. An excellent shipping place for vessels drawing not more than fifteen foot of water, available at all seasons of the year, exists at Western Port 'Bay, at a distance of about seventeen miles and three- quartets from the present coal work ings, as shown by the plans and report of the engineer. A railway could be constructed between the two points for locoulotives for a sum varying from £70,000 to £100,000, and for horse power for from £50,000 to £80,000. From the evidence before your committee as to the coal-seams already discovered, and the strong reasons adduced by various witnesses that larger and more valuable deposits of coal smay be expected to be found by further ro search, your commitic is of opinion that further assistance should be given by the Go vernment. This assistance might be best rendered by aiding private enterpriseo in con structing a lino of railway to the above indicated shipping ,lace at Grilfitlhs's Point, Ns some of tlihe rasont lessees declare their willingness to work the present s'arms of coal if they had a railway. Yourcommittce there. fore recommesnd thalt one-third of the coso of a lino of railvay nid shipping place, in addition to any Crown lands required for thoe oonstructiog of such line, bshould be guaranteed to a private company construct , f tg tl to same ie satifaomeor, tbefrtiWG&Oren; The land' seleotions continue to cause con siderablo exoitement; They give rise to numerods stiinge incidents The Geelong Advertiser is responsible for the ensuing paragraph-" The following in. cident, is, reported to us by an ear witness as hyiig, ,pocoared.,recentlyat a land officeoo in the West'.?g?i?te , 4ipter.(to.;euperinten dpph oý olit(q)r-, pgdprypp to take that man i acbarg,,ssir, ...: Superiptendent of Police (doutitul,.fo Minister?s?anpthority, or unim rpeei wvittltopwedlium'si offolpc) hesitates. xc'itiied inistr-You are puspondcd from ofioe,.air.!. Superiltendent of.Police (glad to be relievod)-Am,.I to understand that. I. am off dnty,,sir?, Minister (who lips thought lttetr of it, in a ponvivial tone of voice) Come and take a drink, old fellow ! (Guar dian of the peaco and Mlinister adjourn to the bar)~'iid d.. I d- .Thd Geelong Advertiser !furnishrs the fol lowitig--"An instance of how a land ecpoulator was ' done brown' by a lucky me dium, at Campordown, has been related to -ns by. a 'gentleman on whose authority we can rely.? Mr. Mbifdium hearing his nsmo called obt; by the' land officer, promptly answered the oall; by making the best of his way to the table. He stopped at the door of the building, however, to receive the deposit money from his eiployer, the agent. As soon as he had fingered the. cash ho turned his back on the land: officer and made tracks through the crowd, disdaining to select on that day, and intending, no-doubt, to try on this same little game at a future day and place. Our in formant did nob hear the name of the medium distinctly, but he states that it was something like ' George Bolter."' Tiglq Ararat Advertlier says :-" On Priday last thei revolutions of the lottery. box at the Land-office east to the ser. face' the- name of a- gentleman called Alex aendor- Keith, who made his signature by means of that stenograpllc 'symbol which is popularly, supposed to represent all patro myn?ics alike. Mr. Keith was called at first loudly, next vehemently, and then throat. ingly. The waiting selectors bandled the namo about,. and euziously examined the mdvoments'of the expectant crowd, to learn whbothe favorite of fortune was who was now invited to take possession of 06-0 acres, and beooine'a yeoman and a stay to his adopted country. ',' No appearance' was on the lips of the'inpatient oflicorr when a gentleman; who seoend- to have .but just awoke to find him= solffamionu, staggered through the crowd, and declared' himself the veritable proprietor- of the cognomen. Mr. Keith wore a blue serge shift- and billycock hat, moleskin trousers, and-lachless laceupsa; the collar of the shirt was unbuttoned, ann displayed to the best adtaitage :a nesular throat, which, with his foe gave, gave evidences of having been brbPned nnder:Tasmanian suns, as well as by our*ofo Victoria. Having rolled into thb oflfice with-a disdainful glance at the con stable, :heinformed the clerk that he wanted an arroey' but being toldt that an area was rather too much of a monopoly, the ambitious selector became wishful to know'if the land waesion the Geelong side, pathetically aid con. fidentially' remarking that he wanted a slice ofo'ld 's rn, ' you know.' iMr. Keith was -told that thb areas open for selection were nb? on the Geelong side, and one-- of the obliging officials placed a plan before him, eado*ng -the lands on which he was fr?e 'tothoose a future home. The selector looked vacantly at the map, but at length be oamo attracted by a bright green allotment, wliith at once won his capricious fancy, indi \- btingad 'it did such luxuriant herbage; but mnisli'to hi?adisgust he found that ' the green lo' pahd beei already selected. At length he fixed on a yellow section. and declared his in • tentiori.of'resting satisfied with the choice. Th idescription and area of the land choseb we :cnalled oun, arid Mr. Keith was requested to"iidove further over and pay his money. Pay ?' queried the fuddled but startled bon ide,' 'I:got no money (hie), old un; though it was free selection, you know.' Mlr. Koitl was immediately shown the door, towardp which Mr. Keith very leisurely retired; and through which he called to know if the ' coves' wold jnat keep him that 'ero lot till he re tneriied ' 'Surely (says the lirerine Herald) the good'times have not passed - away yet I " We were inueth amused yesterday at being shown byt a'qdatter sin account against a workmap employed by him, furnished by a publican in !]oldcia,:for a two-day's spree. From this uniliue document it would appear that in that abort spaco he had been provided with 128 nobblers, one gallon of ale, one bottle of the samii beverage, and one bottle and half-pint of gin !' With all this " intolerable quantity of ?ckg," we find that in thie samo spaco of tin?o, goodness only knows how, he mannged • td'?dodaume seven breakfasts, four dinners, and three 'tes, ' nd, as he chose to go home royally, he is further debited with cab hire to the anount of 25s, and 5s toll, which had also bauehliboralls paid for him. 