A VISIT TO THE FITZROY MINES. There is something exceedingly refreshing to the business man in the knowledge that he is getting away from his usuaI routine of work and toil, and that for the time at least his mind will be altogether freed from the trammels in which his usual avocations hold it. And when to this are added an entire change of scene, the fresh balmy breezes that come to him untainted by the miasmatic emanations from the thousand and one pestilential holes that a crowded city must always contain in its many nooks and crannies, the bright sun, the clear sky, and the delightful fragrance that springs from nature's own laboratory of the woods, he gets an elasticity of mind and body that re- generates and refreshes him, and makes of the stern hard city man a lively sociable companion, such as even his best friends would hardly expect to find him. I experienced something of this feeling myself when after taking my place in the 9 o'clock train on Mon- day last, I had travelled some ten or a dozen miles and began to feel the refreshing effects of the cold sharp air, rendered still sharper and fresher by the rapid travelling. Wearied, dyspeptic, and dull, at starting, I brightened up so far as actually to catch myself exchanging remarks with a fellow traveller, and improved so much as I progressed as to get engaged in a lively conversation with him before I got to Liverpool. It would be but repeating a thrice told talc to tell of the journey by rail to Picton, the deep cutting, with the blank wall of clay rising on each side, the monotary tones of the bush, saved from the appearance of actual solitude and desertion by flight of parrots hurrying, screaming from the presence of tho unknown monster, that clangs and rattles through the woods, or some philosophic cow who looks upon with astonished but lack-lustre eye ; the occasional bursts in upon cleared undulating land dotted here nnd there with cottages, and the cattle browsing in little knots or crawling lazily away in Indian file to the water; Liverpool, that once flourshing town, now in its decadence, with its ex- tensive red bricked houses all woefully out of repair, and seemingly blushing for their own naked and neglected app'earance ; the beautiful downs of Mac- quarie Fields, with their fine pastures and careful cultivations extending on either side the line far as the eye can reach ; the picturesque Campbelltown, with its whitewashed houses, nestling in the valley, and making futile attempts to creep up the sides of the hills that bound it on the east ; Slenangle, and the wanders of its viaduct, its stone piers and iron gilders ; Picton, and the mountains and ridges through which wc wind to reach it ; all these, nay more, have been described before by pens of many travellers, and I shall not therefore attempt to touch them, except as I have done, in passing. You must therefore imagine me safely arrived at Picton, with mv passage engaged for the Fitzroy Mines, on board the good coach-but I forgot, I don't think it has a name-that runs on alternate days from Picton to Berrima, performing the terrible passage of thirty-five miles in the short space of seven hours, a feat which, for the credit of our coachmastcrs in these days of rapid locomotion, deserves to be recorded. Picton is only a small village, and was unimportant until it became the terminus of the Southern line, us . it will be again unimportant when the terminus of the line shall be some other point further on-rather an indefinite date, I must confess, and one that I, judging from the rato at which the work that came "under my notice was being carried on, should be inclined to fix at the latter end of the present century. Picton is therefore likely to wear her borrowed honours for some time to come. There is a large quan- tity of good arable land around it, and the proximity of " the railway would seem to have given some impetus to agriculture in this quarter, for there were more signs of work going on than I have seen for some years past. From here to Myrtle Creek the signs of cultivation were pretty general. At Myrtle Creek, where poor old Crisp once reigned supreme Crisp whose courtly bow and polite but somewhat grandiose style of welcome must be so well remem- bered by all old travellers-much was changed. The gnrden on the left of the road that once formed the pride of his heart, and was kept with the greatest caie, has disappeared. A few spectral fruit-trees ¡ a giant aloe whose tall flower-stem hung toppling over as if no longer able to bear the sight of the desolation around ; and the ruins of a surnnier-house, once the wonder of all visitors, and radiant in green and many . bright.eolours, now hanging over disconsolately most woefully off the perpendicular ; were all that remained to mark the once-favoured spot. As I looked regret- fully upon the change I almost expected to see the shade of Crisp standing amongst the ruins and in- voking vengeance upon the desecrating hands that had caused it. Had it been night I have not the slightest doubt but that Ï should have seen him stalking like Hamlet's -father's ghost umidat liis favourite trees ; but as it was broad day- light with a brilliant sun shining, his non-appear j ance may be readily accounted for. Let me not, how- ever, in thus recording my regrets, do an act of injus- tice to the present occupant of the property. If this garden, which was on ono side of the Great Southern Road whilst the house was on the other, has betn destroyed, another has been formed in close proximity to tlie inn, and where it is not so subject to depreda- tions. A few miles from Myrtle Creek we begin to get into the heavy timber, and to see signs that we are approaching the once famed Bargo Brush. The road descends and suddenly making a sharp turn brings us down into the rocky bed of the Bargo River. Amidst all the improvements that haye been made on the Southern Road, Bargo River has, by some extra- ordinary means, been neglected. A very feeble attempt has been made to form something like a cause- way over it-the extent of the attempt being to fill up n hole on the Picton side of the river, and to erect half a dozen posts to mark the line of road. When it is considered that this river rises very rapidly,"that it runs with an exceedingly strong current, and that the whole communication with the South country is completely cut off when'this river is up, it would he astonishing to me that this place should be left in the same state as when handed over to the Roads Department, had I not seen so many other eccentricities of the same kind, that I am prepared for anything without so much as lifting an eyebrow. Once across the river, and the traveller is fairly in the recognised Bargo Brush, a spot formerly as famous for the deeds of bushrangers as the Western district has recently become. Here the runaway convict, armed with some old horse pistol, or a rusty fowling piece that could be fired only with as much danger to the one firing as to the one fired at, or with some other weapon denominated deadly in those primitive days, lurked amongst the trees and scrub awaiting his prey, often with more fear and trepidation than was shown by his victim, and ready to throw down his anns and ask pardon at the first sign of resistance. The bush- rangers of those days-poor, forlorn, and timorous men, often driven to the last extremity of crime by the cruelty of their task masters-were indeed a very different race from those we have lately seen, who, well off, with homes, friends, and comforts around them, wantonly gave them up for a life of crime, misery, and degradation, and a death of violence. There is a curious fact that will show the different kind of men that the police had to deal'with then and now. Prom the time of Donaghue, the model bushranger of New South Avales, whose life and death have been cele- brated in prison epics, to the day when Mr. Lowe set the iii st example of resistance, I can remember only thiee bushrangers being killed--Donoghue, the noto- rious, and Scotchy, and another man whose name I forget, who formed part of Whitton's gang. All the others were token and either hanged or sent to Nor- folk Island. Since the íecent outburst of bushranging no less than eight offenders have been shot dead vi ithiii about two years, or nearly three times as many as during the preceding thirty years. I think that this show s that the police hav c not had so easy a task lately as their predecessors of former days had before them. But whilst I um uandeiing'away upon my remi niscenscs, you must only fancy that the coach is going on through the blush, and thus we shall lose no time. There is little to be said of the brush itself, for throughout it is the one same unchanging prospect, of thick dark timber, which the black tnuiks ot the ironbark render sti'l more dreary. Much of the undem ood, however, has been cleared off for some distance beyond the road, and the brush has not that close tangled appearance that once marked it. The tiavcller as he goes along cannot help re- marking the numcious gigantic nnt-hilh, that he conies acioss. Some of these are as much ns eight feet high, and six or seven feet in diameter at the base, gradually tapering up into the shape of a rude round- headed pinnacle, not very much unlike heaps of mortar for which they have been taken by the uninitiated. They arc hollow in ' the centre, and are the work of a comparatively small ant. They are formed by the thin layers of prepared soil that ore placed year are year over the larva; of the insect until hatched and brought to maturity by the sun's rays. Most of those near the road side are old and deserted, and many of them have been broken into by the inquisitive. The land on either side the road for many miles from the river is very poor and barren-, not oven producing feed enough for the cattle of the different teamsters thai use the road. In spots, and :otlong intervals only, there s*e¿__o -1,etteLSñ8 ¿ ground, nnd at Lupton's there are eve^ "^-i?PT £, cultivation. In no part, however, is it. .^MC00_ tempt the farmer. As to the road,itis now_ i ¿je], a condition as ev en the mont fastidious coulu , ¿ Only some three oi four years back the passage of., j Bargo Blush vías looked upon with dreu by all tiavelleis, and it was no uncommon thing to see the whole way dotted with, vehicles of every description, from the gig and spring cait to the bullock dray, all stuck fast, or rather half buried in the numeious sloughs, for hole would lie a by no means appropriate name for them, that, Slled willi mud, looked most treaclieiously level, and deceived even tho wary. Now, the road from Picton to Berrima is as good as that through George-street, and night or day the traveller can pass over it with safety and comfort. After leaving Bargo Brush the country becomes undulating and less heavily timbered, whilst the land is evidently of a superior quality. The undulating gradually changes into a hilly and afterw ords into a heavy mountainous country ; noblo mountains with bold rocky crests, looking in the distance like the ruined ramparts of some eld feudal stronghold, appear on either side of the road ; the signs of habitation, of life, and laboui become moie frequent; and gardens with, their trees elad in the russet but fast-falling robes of autumn, break the hitherto unchanging pro- spect of dreary bush. Descending a sharp hill, and turning a rude bluff of rock, through which the road has been cut, the Fitzroy Iron Mines come in view. The tall chimney vomiting forth black clouds of smoko, the clanking _ of the engines, the roaring of the blast furnace as it belches forth from its summit blue sulphurous flapie, seem altogether out of keeping with the quiet almost deseited bush that have hitherto been*met with, and to a person un- acquainted with the fact of such works being carried on, would come on him with as much surprise as the changes narrated in fahy tales. The works are on the right of the road coining from Picton, and on the left are the dwellings of the men. These are slab or bark huts, and are placed irregularly on the side of a gently sloping hill that runs down from a heavy mountain that backs up tlie landscape and along the base of which the works of the Goulburn extension of the railway are being carried on. Nearly the whole of this slope" has been cleared, and the cottages show out brown and picturesque, as their edges are caught by the now descending sun, and show out sharp and well defined against the green backgrounds. Women come out of doors to see the coach pass ; children cease their play and gape in wonder or raise a shout as we drive along. But the sun is fast sinking, and the wind comes sharp and chill 'through the openings of the hills, and with anj-thing but regret I hasten on to my appointed resting- place for the night, leaving till the morrow a closer examination of the spot I have specially come to visit. 