A ĆO^S" "fiAEKEtr It will be observed by <nt report of the pro-' ceedings in the Castlemaine* BorongfrCouncil, I hat the Lew market bnilding is fa be opened in future on Thursday from 10 sum,, to 4 p.m., as a Corn Market and Exchange. Farmers in the vicinity -of Castlemaine have had their interests well consulted by the Conneil—and there - can be no donbt that they will not be slow to avail themse) res of the advantages of the market so opened to them. Buyers and sellers will congregate in numbers at market time, and the best article will find tfao readiest sale at the best price. The Council will doubtlessly announce for general information without loss of time all pattjypjars as to what storage convenience will be available, the market rates, etc.. One thing can be relied upon, the Castlemaine market will soon be the best in the province, in every resped, for buyer and 6eller< alike to-attend. It appears that permission lias been granted for an "office box" in the market, and as some misunderstanding may arise from the .indefinite wording of the raport which was brought up in the Council and which is given in full, it may be well to state that the box is to be placed within the faay died, and used by a hay- salesman. The lent fixed ty the Council for the -privilege appears to be nominal, being only 2s 6d per week. • it is well that the_ Council have at last taken action upon so important a matter-—bot it' now only remains krrittotakesome spirited means (e render iheirGorn Mai ket a thorough success. —Our Daily Metvs. At the Ballaiat 'Circuit Court, on Friday, Bome amusement was* caused, says the Star, during the trial of Charles Schnles for shooting at and wounding one Jageę. At the commencement of the examination of Jager he stated that he would require an interpreter, as he was unable to speak tHe English language. His want was almost immediately tnpplied by some one in the body., of the ..Court, .who had evidently been waiting in readiness for the occasion. This interpreter, however, spoke in a very low tone, and acted in snch a completely off-hand manner, that the Chief Justice threatened that if he did not improve he wonld direct that he should not' receive the allowance usually made to inter-' pre tern. It was also apparent to everyone iu^ Court that the witness Jager thoroughly under-" stood the questions as ad Iressed by the. Crown Prosecutor, for he usually anticipated the, question oftheinterpre er with a reply. Subsequently another foreigner named Hoffman was placed in the box, and was asked if he too required-an interpreter. The answer was in the affirmative. To the question whether he understood English a very emphatic and decidedly English-like " no " was the answer. His Honor directed the examination of the witness to be proceeded with without the assistance of the interpreter,, and although some of the most unintelligible words of oar -language were made use of by the Crown Prosecutor, the witness appeared to have a thorough comprehension of their meaning, and answered all questions very clearly and readily. . On Saturday the body of a man was fonnd at Bagshot, near to Mr M'Phal'sferm, by one of ins men, and brought into Huntly, where it was ascertained to be-Ui£ remains of a young_ man known as Whipstlck Dick, who was missing from his work for some days. He was generally n the employment of Wbitely Brothers, at their saw mills, and it is said that he had been drinking hard for some days before he disappeared, The face and hands were : almost entirely divested of flesh, as if picked by birds, aadfrpm all appearances he had been dead some days. The body lies at the Victoria Hotel awaiting an inquest.—Advertiser. An interesting experiment was successfully tried, at the Milestone, quarries of Messrs Anderson, on the Glenlyon road, Brunswick, with a newly invented-.aiid_P»tented -explosive compound, " intended to supersede blasting owder for -Tinning and quarrying purposes. he new mixture is composed of ingredients iffering materially from those of which ordinary powder 'is made. It does not contain he same amount - of sulphide of potassium, and therefore explodes Tritha less volume of smoke than that article, a huge quantity of it remaining after ignition intheform of a fused COD crete mass, closely resembling common coal cinders. Its peculiar advantage are said to be the safety with which it can be used, as it does not ignite by fric ion, and may therefore be tamped down without any danger, its great reduction of smoke after a blast, and its cheapness, it bong stated that it can be Bold at a profit at 7d per lb, whereas, blasting powder ranges from lOd to Is per lb, and the saute bulk of the compound and blasting powder will produce an equal effect, the forma bong moch lighter than the latter. The test to which it was pnt yesterday was made in the presence of R Brongh Smyth Esq., secretary of mines, who had been deputed by the board of Public works to report npon it It was tried in several blast .holes made in thebloestone, The first trial was made in a bole 3 feet 10 inches deep, and l-8th in diameter, which was charged .with <lft j J in of the componnd, and then carefully tamped. The result was very satisfactory, a huge' 'mass of fine blaestone being driven from the face of the quarry to a distance ofabontfonrfeet, and the cut bong clear and straight. . The next experiment was equally successful, and was from a blast of 3 ft ;in depth by in in diameter, charged with" 1ft 3j in of new material, the cut bang very clean and the block of stone remo ved from the face. The third, experiment was.in a hole of a ft 3 in. in depth and in. m diameter The stone from tł£ę blast although effectually removed, was not so well cot, It being broken into several -pieces, possibly through the charge being too heavy. Two .other trials .were made with similar results, clearly pro- ving that 4he componnd was .fully, capable of doing., its'- work effectually.^ " A number of gentlemen interested in ęuanying were present and'expressed' their satisfaction at. the cesolł; Ute workmen, .also, -who were engaged in the qnany,- stated that ft had answered the purpose to winch it had been appliedqriite as well ^as -an «qoal quantity of 4dastiag powder amid .have' doriet " ^ -*<-.:. •' V"; - '. • '. Telegraras frpm/Syaiiey-stsŁe tiiAt ibe As Bembly is -discossing Mr Martin's amwidmfgit on the Ways-flJid Mrans, -censuring the Got vernm«it :»c- tłiB £ords dttóes arrangement Ą kmg-debate is' expertedj but tŁe Go-rern- 'ment are pertain «f a majority. "Mr MarŁm,in moving hiscesolution against thelate agreement entered ńtb between the New South Wales and Vicborian .Governments, witii reference to the border dnties, denounced it as dishonourable and degmdingon theone hand, and one-sided illegal, and nngeDOxniB as .c^gards South Australia. < The Jttomey-General, Mr Darrall' epoke in Łigh łenns oE tie &n-Bpuit; displayed the conference by the Victonan commist eioneie, and said tee agreement would -not mjure Santh -AnstEalia, whose" GoyenimenJ raoavedtairper ccnt. for the collection of the duties. He denied tbatKerw South Wales had excluave jurisdiction over the River Murray- ; A-tdeeiam was received bythe fiev.Mr Hill T^eSw^ys the °M A Mail," intimating the deatS n^Mr E S Parker, of Mount Franklin Frankiinfindr The deceased lias bean for pome time' dangerously HI- He is well known as bong & very *old read«it, who took an active part m the dissemination-of religkm in connectiw with the Wesleyan body.and fcis death wHV. be deeply Ttgretted mumiebŁ a very W e ortJe of relatives and fiimdei At an ^riy period in^e «»f •aan^wSK} JnT libppad ^ ing to ttę natural historyof^^^a^k tdStKreT wagedjfor some time," a substance of considerable size was seen to fall from among them, which, -on bong was fonnd to be a whole .shin of beef tłcał one ti the marauders had no douht filched from some butchering establishment in the town. The weight was considerable, audit was a matter of amazement to the parties who picked it up tbat it conld have been carried into the air by a bird of the size of a brown hawk." Is oar contemporary sure that it was not a leg, instead of a shin, of beef that was droppedt The appearance of a veritable ghost, in the shape of a headless trooper, on a grey cob, is thus recorded by the Riverine Herald:—We have not many recorded instances of supernatural -visitations in the shape' of ghosts in Australia. Some, however, have been spoken of Dr Lang, in his history of New' South Wales, mentions one, through the instrumentality of which a font murder was discovered, but that occurrence ^took place many years ago, and has well nigh passed away from the memory of thę oldest inhabitant Most people have heard of that haunted spot, the Black Swamp, between Deniliquin and the Mnrrnmbidgee. round which, it is said, at the dead hour of night, a headless trooper rides a grey cob at full speed. We were assured the other day that a party of three men camped there lately for the night were nearly scared ont of their senses by the appearance in the •fall moonlight of this midnight visitant. Qnr informant was positive that the occorrenoe hadtaken place, and we believe he was sincere in his beliisf-as to the appearance ot the apparition. It does not take much to impose on tbssenses' .of a rcrtąin class of bushmen, who are quite as Bupeotitaous as their seagoing brethren?'-: - - v The jOarlingJiofms.Gazót^ of. the 18th inąt,- -et&tes-that; a youth named Lmdsa/ met with a rvery «erions accident, on Satardsy evening-la^, at Crow's Nest Station, owing to his horse tailing and throwing him violently to the ground. Or Bourke was ia attendance on Sunday, but, notwithstanding bleeding and the application of the usual remedies, the boy remained insensible on Monday morning, suffering from severe concussion and compression of the brain, though no fracture of the ekull could be detected. A remarkable circumstance connected with tins case is that Mr Loveday, who was in. charce of the Crow's Nest Station, saw the horse that young lindsay had riden come np to the hńt with his knees cut, which he immediately mounted to go in search of the missing boy. He tried to make the horse go in the direction where he thought the lad would be fonnd, but, notwithstanding the use of whip and spur, he could not get the .horse out of a slow walk: but immediately he gave the horse his head, the animal set off at a' trot in quite a different direction. After crossing the Creek, MrLoveday again faced the horse in the direction where he had given the boy orders to go, but lie could- not persuade it to move faster than at a slew reluctant walk. He then allowed the horse its own way, and the sagacious animal carried him at a smart pace for three-quarters of a mile and then-stopped. Mr Loveday dismounted, and fband the boy lying senseless within a few yards of the spot. As an instance of sagacity, and what we would call in a human being thoughtful regard, this incident has scarcely ever been paralleled. A peculiar kind of clay has been found in the tunnel -of the Concordia Company that may hereafter possibly be turned to account. The material is cream -colored, of the consistence of .stiff patty, and is variegated by steaks of some whitish looking earth. Nothing similar is said to have been met with in the neighborhood of Daylesford.—D aylt&jvri;, Express, April 27. 