ITEMS OF NEWS. The Volunteer Band this evening, under the direction of Mr Huenerbein, will perform the following selection of music in the Market Hall : — " BishoD's Melodv Quadrilles," Swatton : polka-mazurka, " Musidora," Talexy ; " Pre sentation March," Huenerbein ; selection, " Ri- goletto," Verdi ; " Huntsman's Chorus," Weber; waltz, " Forget Me Not," Lambert ; 'l melodies from Lucia," Donizetti ; galop, " The Postman, or the Night-mail," Clarke; " God Save the ; Queen." The Volunteer Band returned from Kyneton yesterday morning by the first, train, whither thev had been to perform during the convey ance of the remains of Captain Powlett, from his late residence, to the Kyneton railway station. The mournful task of removing the body took place with every demonstration of respect on the part of the inhabitants of Kyneton. The martial . strains of inusic rendered in the Dead March in Saul, were somewhat marred by the defective ness of the Kyneton Band, who had only prac tised this celebrated composition for about two: weeks prior to the death of their Captain. Writing on the subject of ghosts, a corre spondent sends us tlie following mysterious pa ragraph Sometime ago, Mr Archibald Michie delivered a lecture upon this subject, in Mel bourne, ridiculing" the belief that denizens of the spirit world would take tlje trouble ,of: paying, nightly mandarie visitations, for .the, purpose: of frightening the souls: of superstitious .and weak- minded people. The lecture,. was subsequently replied to by Mr David Blair, who took up cud gels for the wandering phantoms,- maintaining, that they were not only in tlie habit of haunting the scenes of associations which they experienced when they moved corporeal existences', but that they had a perfect right to do so. ! The matter, however, had no beneficially practical result, the colony, at that period, not beipg able to point to a single supposed haunted habitation,, or , any- gloomy abode sufficiently inviting to attract ghosts of the departed. Let it not be too easily presumed, however, that every spirit which takes leave of the body in Victoria departs to a bourne from which no traveller returns; If- a large number of persons are to be believed-, there is a noted " bleak " house,-' situate not a> hundred miles from the juucti.on'of- the; Campbell's Creek and Tarrangower rqaids, which for. some, months past has been the scene of nightly visitations1 of restless souls who have recrossed the Styx. The tenant of the house is a brawny blacksmith, not likely to be easily scared, but both lie ' and his family maintain that, in a certain'ro'om -..of the house,, there ara nightly such.strange gpings-on; such unearthly noises, such jumping about; of chairs and tables, accompanied, by strange moans and groans, that it is impossible for any of them to sleep, yet on entering the room all is as quiet and still as the air when the winds are hushed. No sooner, however, is the dob'r of the apart ment closed, than the pranks and frollics are- resumed with redoubled : vigor, nor cease: till daylight does appear. It is currently reported that incredulous neighbors have passed portions of the night in the house, and,, tliat the expe rience of all verifies the statemeut of the black smith. Among the number of persons alluded to, is an energetic member of (the Borough: Council, and a well-known Boniface, Jiorn of no pale- faced fear. It is further stated that an ap peal has been made to, a celebrated nautical cap-: tain of the district, whose long acquaintance: with Father Neptune, it is supposed, |may have made him sufficiently knowing, as to enable hinr to exorcise these airy visitants frpm-.the a.bode of their present midnight revelries. In the mean-, , time, it is a fact that the blacksmith, is about to seek other quarters, where it is to-be hoped his.: slumbers may be as calm as an infant's upon its mother's- breast. ; ; H ; ; ' A robbery of a most daring' description ; was perpetrated at Campbell's pre'near : th rangower road, about a week ago,- the. result of which is most larnen table. . A ; young : married woman, wife of one Emmerson, who is a driver for Mr Adis, the carrier, left her home about- half-past four in the afternoon, and proceeded to Castlemaine to deliver some work she had in. hand. On her return, about an hour and a half, afterwards, she discovered that the house had been broken into/ and completely ransacked. Among the articles carried away, were the bed clothes, even to the pillows-slips, which had been taken from the pillows, three gold rings, a silver watch and gold chain, a one pound note, and a | jar of sugar. In their search too, the thieves j had trampled her best bonnet under foot, and destroyed it. They appear to have made a first attempt to enter the premises by the front window, but eventually by a back one, which they forced open with a small crowbar, the in strument being found among the clothes on the floor. No clue to the perpetrator or perpe trators of this cruel robbery has yet been ob tained, but a scertain well-known character is strongly suspected. The effect on the poor woman has been most lamentable. On the day after the robbery she was taken in labor w.hich led to a miscarriage, and at the present moment she lies in a most precarious state. A subscrip tion is about to be made in her behalf, and it is to be hoped that the appeal will be liberally re sponded to, as the poor woman is really much in need of assistance. A day or two ago a Chinaman was found lying behind the Wesleyan. Chapel, at Vaughan, and apparently in a dying condition. Dr Malcolm was sent for to attend him, but he being from home, a Chinese disciple of Esculapius was then called to reuder assistance. On seeing his Mongolian brother, the doctor proceeded to turn him about and smell him, after which he said, " me savee him eat em too muchy opium." He then ran away and obtained a duck, off which, on returning, hecut off the head, and placed the neck in the opium- eater's mouth, which became full of warm blood. This being accomplished, the duck's head was removed, and the doctor then proceeded to stir the blood in the mouth with one of the bird's feathers. In a short time the patient began to vomit, and, judging from appearances, about 4s worth of opium was ejected. Being in a weak and exhausted state, he was taken charge of by the police, and after wards brought before T. D. S. Heron, Esq. P.M., at the Fryerstown Police Court, and remanded to Castlemaine Gaol for iqedical treatment. :v ' -":\V ' v'i": J;:1 A rather singular and serious accident occurred on Monday to a miner named Wm. Boy<m, working in Golden Gully, Fryer's Creek. He was at the time endeavoring to make a fall of earth in the open cutting of his claim, and had inserted a slab in a crack in the surface, pushing against it to attain his object. The slab suddenly snapped, and Boyce was precipitated into the lower part of the workings. By springing bade he saved himself from falling on his head or face, and alighted heavily on his feet, falling sideways, his legs doubling under hini. It was at once evident that he was much injured. His mates carefully conveyed him to the store of Mr Finney, and he was afterwards removed to his home in Blacksmith's Gully. Dr Mercer is in attendance on him, and states that some con siderable time must elapse before the sufferer can again work. He has a wife and seven chil dren eutirely dependent on him for support. At a meeting of the ratepayers of the North Riding of Newsteadshire, held at the Bridge Inn on Monday, one of the candidates for the vacant councillorship, Mr William Clarke, addressed the electors. He stated that it was not his wish to find fault with the present councillors, yet he considered the north riding should have received a little more benefit from the money that had been voted, and expended elsewhere. He had ascertained that it was in the power of the Council to remove the toll gate from its present, site, and, as far as in him Jay, if returned, he- would use his utmost endeavors to have it re-; moved to a more suitable and permanent , lo-- cality. He thought it unnecessary to enter into further details, as he felt anxious to be ques tioned on any further grievance. Messrs Jobv son and Day questioned the caudidate on several important subjects, which Mr Clark satisfacto- ' rily explained. The usual vote of confidence having been carried by acclamation, the meeting', separated. . ( c We observe that the coping stone of one of the culverts near! the Barker's: Creek- 'railway bridge" 'lias been, removed — -probabty .stolen.' The protec tion it- afforded by preventing : vehicles beiug pre cipitated into the drain should be, immediately sup plied. ' Ah instance, showing the necessity 6f this, occurred" yesterday, when a\ : man inadvertently driving:a dray a little on one side ; at the point indi cated1 was. capsized . into the hollow below. The drayman' fortunately escaped without any personal injury,- but the dray 1 was 'much broken and the. horse; injured. . ; ' . , .. r The, total receipts from traffic ou dhe.Vieto'-( rian : . Rail ways lor the v week < ending June 8tln were £10,-524 4s 4d, .namely —16,053 passengers, £3980 17s 5d ; parcels and live stock, 547(3s 3d ; merchaudise, £5996 3s,8d. r ' An ' ahcideht that was near being attended with consequences-: of : a fatal; nature happened (says theKyneton Observer) to a man named Richard MOjellan an tlie; Forest s ouvThursday ; afternoon,;. He was employed, as engineCdriyer ak; Kings '.mills, rand was driving /theengine while a loaded. vpaggon' was being hauled, -up - the. tramway to ; : the; mill,', when" think-: ing -the waggon was sufficiently' high; 1 to ;be discharged"" of- its freights lie5' shut; 'off (lie,; steam." The handle by which this:is :done, when reversed for /shutting off the steam isjea'ught, ;by a projecting nutt'or 'knob, and by , some . means, instead of being .caught :vby:.t his," the- handle Slipped; oyer,: . it, and;; into pits- former position. The engine at once. started off; again atfull speed. and the loh'ded- waggon was rapidly brought rup the tramway: to where /M'Lefian?' was standing;. Fortunately at"' this: juncture tlie rope by which1 the waggon was 'being haqled up so that the waggon lost some of- the speed w i tli which it .was being haule'd up. It had, however, sufficient impetus to' complete the distance, and; jammed, the man up against the rope 'drum before he could get out of the way.. The-' poor fellow got his hip injured and his legs and -arms' hurt, and the left hand jammed .'badly, the thumb being smashed and the tops of the fingers crushed. He was brought to Jlie Hospital 'ahd his - thumb:, had to be amputated. --Had it not been for tlie. breaking of The rope there is no doubt his life would have been1; sacrificed. ' He is now: doing, weiK v ! : " : . We take the following' from the Age of yes- terday. (Tuesday) : — "In the; interests of jourr. nalism we are compelled to. notice " a paragraph which appeared in the' Arg us, of yesterd ay, "stat ing " There is scarcely- a single, hpws paper .-'in ; " the colcmy wAickis. ndi tbsiaised by the Minis- ''trybutisloudinconJemnationpfthewretched Ai peddling-- spirit ; in . whichthe'/iaffairs i of .the; " country are being administered.:'. This journal has.'giveu ' the present Government consistent- support from .tlie. period of its. accession to. office until now. It may. claim the most" prominent position of .any th'at_ favor the policy of tlie. .Ministry, and therefore we cannot , permit so' scandal ous an inipu tatiou to pass ' Unchallenged. Of course we are . liable : totha retort .that we 'need hot \vear the cap unless it 'fits, but we: are- not disposed to escape in. this" fashion ; because ; if it were true ihat the Ministry subsidised any; ; journalin%v:matter-!:what; its r character, they wpuld\beTndeseryiug4:pf support, : Of ja teethe Argus Jias wallo wed;in filth there nsmovihsinii- atio'n too base for it tpimake j there .is ho scandle on public men too gross to obtain- - publicity through its cblumns. - (But.in this instance the allegation ; is 1 not v of a ' general ' character. A ; charge is: explicitly made; that the Goyernmerit subsidises newspapers.- If there is " "ho foutidk--' tion for itj the writer;has been guilty of ah in- :fa'mousffalsehood..<vUnless.'he,canfurnisli-iproof»'i he starids forth a'dispioable slanderer arid a 'disY grace;t6!journalism.'"Ifthis;asseHibhbeltfue, nothiiigcanbeeasierthantoadcluceprpofs. If it'flie hbl'truejitheii we fia- ye-., clearly tindicalpd" the position of our contemponiry." Touching the- osteology of ,-the , gorilla, . -Pro- . fessdh'Sl'pp: wribe:|he, 'follpwihg Jatter: t . Argus :Sir,OiC acho of the .great scieh-! tifiic interest attacliihgjtp; the ; .discussioha which: have arisen between Professor; Owen and ;Pro- fesOr Huxley;, as to; .whether : or not the gorilla s formed in the character of its-: skeleton a real : link of anatomical, . or , structural, - passage be- t'weeh man and " the lower animals, I thought it my duty,' ' director of Our Victorian Museum of 'the Natural Sciences, to take steps to ' secure a complete series of the bones from the bodies of. the first adult perfect male and female gorillas which "M, du Ukaillu might kill in the new expe dition which he has been taunted into under taking into the gorilla country, as he calls it ; and I am happy to be able to announce.that I have now been able to deposit those precious relics in , our museum (in the building at the back of the University), where not only the anatomists and general, zoologists, but even those interested in the theological question of " man's place in nature," raised in the unfortu nate controversies on the antiiropomarphous apes between the two great comparative anato mists named, can satisfy themselves of the im passable gulf in structural sequence which really separates the greatest of the man like apes from man, viewed merely by the anatomist as a mem ber of the animal kingdom. Neiirly all other writers of the many that have entered into this dispute have argued only on the figures of St. Hilaire, Savage, Owen, and Huxley's works, because skeletous do not exist in most of the museums of the world, and in many respects the figures are not so satisfactory as the natural objects. It will be remembered that Professor Halford drew attention to an error in Professor Huxley's figure of the bones of the foot, of the gorilla, approaching it, as his agument required, nearly to man ; and a remarkable and curious variation iu. the point may bevobserved in the real skeleton I have now placed before the public. The Ovens Constitution has the following The Rev Mr Stoker, of Rntherglen, made r. pathetic complaint that he was often now obliged to give people credit for their marriage fee, and that he had several bad debts in this way. Surely the rev. gentleman could sue for work and labor done, and in default of sufficient distress, attach the bridp. 