ANNIVERSARY BAPTIST MEETING. A LARGE congregation assembled in the Baptist Church, Wharf street, on the evening of February 28, to hold their customary anniversary meeting in connection with that church. Among the ministers present was the Rev. Isaac New from Melbourne. The meeting was opened at half-past seven, by the congrega- tion singing the 75th hymn, " To bless the chosen race," followed by the Lord's Prayer. The Rev. B. G. WILSON, after commenting on the straightforward way in which they col- lected money for tho service of their church, introduced the Rev. I. New. and trusted that they would not be in debt when he left them. The Rev. ISAAC NEW said : His brother, the chairman, had on Sunday distinctly announced that he himself was no speaker ; this had been repeated that night, and was no mistake ; he had never been ambitious to shine upon the platform, and therefore they would spare him that night, God having denied him the abilities to shine. But as they might think it unbecom- ing in him to sit down without a word, he would make some few remnrks. He had often heard and thought of Brisbane, and was glad to be here. On seeing Brisbane, with her hills and dales, clad as they were with those living green trees and that lovely green grass, her sun that shines so gloriously, and that magni- ficent river flowing with majesty and beauty, it at once came upon his mind that there was one of the finest sites for one of the most splendid and one of the finest cities in the world, and that it would become, what he was sure they were all anxious that it should become, especially with a popula- tion distinguished by intelligence and high prin- ciples, manliness of character, and patriotic spirit. Sure he was that the people would do what could be done to lift Brisbane to a high position among the cities of the world. After the acquaintances he had made, the friendships he had formed, and the hospitality he had re- ceived, it would be only with the most pleasura- ble associations that he would leave Brisbane. He felt pleasure in being at the chairman's side that night ; he had known that gentleman, and had respected and esteemed him before he arrived in Brisbane, but his respect had, from his frequent interviews with him, ripened into an affection such as he trusted would survive the stroke of death, and burn with unextin- guishable ardour in the glory of Heaven. He prayed that God would bless him and glorify him by causing him to bring many souls to Christ, while they might share in the benediction of their common God and Father above to the close of life. He was glad to see them with a Chapel so neat and commo- dious, but it was not large enough. The Baptists were always in advance of their time, except in one thing, they built small Chapels. Like some denominations who were wiser, they should have anticipated the future greatness of Brisbane, and have built a much larger Chapel ; yet the present one did furnish them with the means of meeting together to realise the com- munion of saints. He preferred the word "church" to " chapel ;" there was a sanctity pertaining to the Church of God. Church did not signify an assembly or congregation, but that which be- longed to God—that was its material meaning. It was indeed at first customarily called Kuriake oikia,—i. e., the Lord's house, but sub- sequently contracted into " Kuriakon, " whence the Scottish word Kirk ; it was, in fact, that which belonged to the Lord, and churches were erected to the honor of God and the Saviour. It was a matter of principle with him, and not of feeling merely, to use the word " church." Chapel, as he needed not to explain, meant a little hut. God's home! What a meaning was that! God's home in heaven, God's home on earth! And God was there. They came there to meet God, if they came under the influence of right feelings, and God was there, where two or three met together in his name, by his special presence sanctifying the place where people met to pay homage to his name. Of old God was in his house—on the throne, not of justice, but on the mercy-seat, appearing as a God inviting men to come unto him—to give him the worship due unto his name—to seek his blessing as the Lord God, merciful, gracious, slow to anger, abundant in goodness and truth, forgiving transgression and sin. That was his character still. Man had not deserved this revolution of God ; but now God had manifested himself in the flesh ; in the person of his own Son, the brightness of his glory, the very express image of his person, God came to this world, incarnated himself in man's nature, to lift man from his self-degrada- tion, to be dignified with the dignity of God, and to share his blessedness. Christ repre- sented God in his uninterested love, for " God is Love." And Christ was there according to his promise in their midst as their Saviour, their Priest, the Prophet, and Lord of the Church, that by him men might become like him. Christ was among them as he was in the midst of his diciples ; it was for them to enter before him their Saviour, their friend who would do for them above all they could ask or think. All this it was that invested that sanctuary with its own importance. Nay more! the Spirit was there, and it would dwell deeply among them, be with them and about them, for ever ; for they were the temple of the Holy Ghost, that temple was in the Church, and in that church dwelt the richness and fulness of his goodness to render them servants to advance the Divine glory and kingdom. That was no ordinary building ; was it not sacred, sanctified, dedicated by the Triune Jehovah in relation to the elevation of human spirits to the honor intended them at and from the first ? Was not the Bible there ? There, too, the revelation of God's own mind was to be expounded to his people ; there were its truths to be made known, and thence might the conscience acquire a keener sensibility " The commandment of the Lord is pure and righteous altogether ;" no earthly calculation could tell its preciousness, and it was there that its doctrine might be fully unfolded, and there- fore Christianity itself was there—Christianity! that hope of the world—in Brisbane, in Vic- toria, in Australia, in Europe, in Asia; nay, in America. Christianity adapted to the needs of man, but all of Divine origin, for it was of the Divine wisdom, aiming to comfort man—to bring him into relationship with his God—Christianity, in short, the only remedy for man. Other systems had failed. Atheism, with no God ; heathenism, with gods many and lords many, sacrifices and worship diversified,—all had only sunk man, degraded God, and changed the glory of the uncorrupti- ble God into an image made like to themselves —to corruptible man, to birds, and to creeping things ; so changing the truth of God into a lie—worshipping the creature more than the Creator ; for where men degraded their God they infallibly degraded themselves. Mahom- medanism, too, was but a mere perversion of Judaism. Though indeed a system of mono- theism, it had no belief in Christ as the Saviour, the Son of God, and one with God ; but in its self-named prophet—a prophet who could not attest the pretensions he assumed. But it was a system that did not save man from himself— from his sins ; a system without the atonement — with no redeeming God. There was infidelity, too, consisting in the abne- gation of the good principles of godliness, recognising vaguely some of his natural produc- tions, but doing away with his moral character ; what had this done for man ? It degraded him. Secularism, socialism, social reform, all had been brought to bear to lift up man, but man's sin had been stronger than all. Christianity alone could abate man's depravity. With its love, its precious blood, its great atonement, with its dying Christ and exalted Saviour, it uttered its invitation to fallen man to come back to God, but all in a way that did not interfere with enlightened reason being in harmony with all the requirements of righteousness and truth; of all the attributes of Deity, it gave proofs of his love. Forgiving iniquity and sin through the propitiation, so recognising God as the giver of every good. And in that place that was heard from lips pouring forth these truths in harmony with the heart's emotion. Prayer was there for gifts above all that man could ask or think. The minister was there, they sat at his feet receiving communication through the medium of God's word, bringing man, by the lips of tho preacher, under the Divine will. There sinners had been converted, and could they estimate the change so wrought —from the wrath of God to the hope of the glory yet to be revealed. Did not those con- siderations invest that building with peculiar sanctity in the eyes of God ? That place of worship held the Bible, Christianity, its ministers, against atheism and forgetfulness of God. England would be nothing, the world nothing, without that builling—the house of God and all that appertained to it. Then were they bound to think more highly of that building, and esiimate its value more. Mr. Isaac New then alluded to the debt upon the building, and trusted that his words would work on their hearts—their hearts upon their hands, making them put them into their pockets, and sweep away their debt of £250. Mr. SWAN then offered the last £50 on the debt; and after Mr. SOMERSET had said he should be glad to receive subscriptions, a collec- tion was made on the spot amounting to £142 12s. 6d. 