A SAILOR'S YARN. Wo wore on board a slave ship bound to the coast of Africa. I had my misgivings about tho business, and I believe others bad thom too. Wo had passed the straits of Gibraltar, and wore lying off Barbary, one clear, bright evening, when it carno my turn to take the helm The ship was becalmed, and everything around was as silent as the day after the deluge Tho wide monotony of water, varied only by tho glances of tho moon on tho crest of the waves, made me think the old fables of Neptune wero true; and that Ampbitrite and her Faida were sporting on the surface of tho ocean with diamonds iu thoir hair. Those fancies woro followed by the thought of my wife, my children, and my homo, and were wildly enough jumbled up together in a dolicious state of approaohiug slumber. Sud- denly I heard above my hoad, a loud, deep, terrible voico call out, "Stand from under!" I started to roy foot; it was a cus- tomary signal whon anything was to be thrown from the shrouds, and mechanically I sang out tho usual answer, "Lot go!" But nothing carno. I looked up into the shrouds there wai nothing there, I soarohod tho dock, and found that I was alone ! I tiied to think it was a -dream ; but that sound, so deep, so stern, rang in my ears uko tho bursting of a cannon. In the morning I told tho orow what I had hoard. They laughed at mo : and they wero all day long full of their jokes about "Dream- ing Tom." One fellow among them ffas most unmerciful in his raillery, no waa a swarthy malignant-looking Spaniard, who carried murder iu his oye and cursc3 on his tonguo ; a daring and lordly man, who boasted of orime as if it gave him pre-eminence among his fellows. Ho laughed longest aud-loudest at my story. " A most uncivil ghost, Tom," said ho : " when such chaps como to seo mo, I'll mako 'em show them | solves ; I'll not bo satisfied without seeing and feeling as well as hearing." "Tho sailors ull joined with bim; and 1,1 ashamed, was glad to be silent. The next night Dick Burton took the holm. Dick had nerves like an ox, and sinews like a whale ; it was little ho feared on earth or beneath it. Dick was leaning his head on tho holm, as he said, thinking nothing of mc or my story, when that awful voice again called out from the shrouds, " Stand from under !" Dick darted forward like an Indian arrow, which they say goos through and through a buffalo and wings on its way as if it had not left death in the rear. It was an instant or more before ho found preseneo of mind to call out, " Let go !" Again nothing was seen-nothing heard. Ton nights in suc- cession, at one o'clock, tho same unearthly sound rang through tho air, uiakiug tho stoutest hearts quail as if a bullet-shot had gone through their brains. At last wo grew palo when it was spoken of, and tho worst of us never went to sleep without saying our prayers. For myself, I would have been chained to the oar all my life to have got out of that vessel. But thero wo wero in the vast solitude of ocean ; and this invisible being was with us. No ono put a bold face on tho matter but Antonio, the Spaniard ; ho laughed at our fears, and defied Satan himself to terrify | him. However, when it was his turn at tho helm, he refused to go ; several times, under the pretence of illness, ho was excused from a duty which all on board dreaded. But at last the captain ordored Antonio to receive a round dozen of lashes every night, until ho should consent to perform his sharo of the unwelcomo office. For a wbilo this -(fas borno patiently; but at length he called out, "I may .as well die ono way as the other. Give me over to tho chest !" That night Antonio kept watoh on the deck. Few of ' tho crow slopt ; for expectation and alarm had stretched our nerves upon tho rack. At ono o'clock the voice called, " Stand from under!" "Letgo!" screamed the Spaniard This was answered by a sb.riok.of laughter ; and such laughtor ! It soemod as if the fiends an- swered each other from pole to pole, and the bass was howled in hell. Then carno a sudden crash upon the deck, as if our masts and spars had fal- len. AVc all rushed to the spot, and thero was a cold, stiff, gigantic corpse The Spaniard said it was thrown from the shrouds ! and when ho looked on it ho ground his teeth like a madman : " I know him," he exclaimod, " I stabbed him within an hour's -sail of Cuba, and drank his blood for breakfast !" Wo all stood aghast at the monster. In fear- ful whispers wo asked what should be done with tho body. Finally wo agreed that the terrible sight must be removed from us and hidden in the sea. Four of us attempted to raise it ; but human strength was of no avail - wo might as well have tugged at Atlas. There it lay, stiff, rigid, heavy, and as immovo able as if it formed a part of the vessel. Tho Spaniard was furious. " Lot mo lift him I" said he, " I lifted him once-I can do it again. I'll teach him what it is to come and trouble mo." no' took tho body round the waist and attempted to laiso it. Slowly and heavily tho corpse raised itself up. Its rayless oyes opened-its rigid arms stretched out and clasped its victim in a close, death-grapplo, and rolling over tho side of the ship, they tottorcd an instant over tho waters-thon, willi a plunge, they sank together. Again that laugh-that wild, shriek- ing laugh-waa* heard on the winds. The sailors bowed their heads and put up their hands to shut out tho appalling sound. I took tho holm moro than once after, but wo never again hoard in the shrouds, " Stand from under !"_^_ 