SYDNEY WATER POLICE COURT. VIOLENT DEATH OF HENRY KINDER. CHARGE OF MURDER. (Abridged from the S. M. Herald.) HENRY LOUIS BERTRAND, 25, dentist, lately carrying on business in Sydney, and Jane Bertrand, 21, his wife, were, on Wednesday, the 29th ultimo, brought before the Water Police Magistrate and Mr. G. R. Elliott, J.P., on a charge that they did, at St. Leonard's, in the district of Sydney, on or about the 2nd October last, feloniously, wilfully, and with malice afore- thought, kill and murder Henry Kinder. Maria Ellen Kinder, apparently about thirty years of age, the wife of deceased, was at the same time charged with being an accessory to the murder. Mr. Butler appeared as counsel for the Crown; Mr. W. Roberts was for Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand ; and Mr. R. W. Robberds (of the firm of Gurner and Robberds), with Mr. P. Macpherson, for Mrs. Kinder. Detective Elliott apprehended Jane Bertrand on the 28th ultimo, at her residence, in Wyn yard-square. Henry Wager, resident clerk in the detective department, proved the arrest of Maria Ellen Kinder, at Bathurst, on Monday, the 25th ultimo ; she was, by warrant under the hand of the Police Magistrate, remanded to Sydney; witness escorted her from Bathurst ; she made no answer to the charge. Henry Louis Bertrand, who had been re- moved under writ of habeas corpus from Darl- inghurst gaol (where he was undergoing a sen- tence-in default of sureties to keep the peace- for using threatening language to a Mrs. Robertson), was, on the morning of the 29th, arrested at the Darlinghurst Police-Station, by Detective Elliott, on the present charge. Prisoners were remanded until Monday, December 4th. Mr. Butler, in opening the case for the Crown, referred to the nature of the evidence intended to be adduced, in order that their worships might understand the relation of its parts, and judge of their effect as the evidence was in course of hearing. The principal evi- dence as to Bertrand and his wife would be admissions made by them, taken in connection with other testimony : and, as far as Mrs. Kin- der was concerned, it would be for their wor- ships to take into account the circumstances tending to prove the probability of her being connected with the alleged crime ; if the other two prisoners were to be committed on these ad- missions it would be a question for their worships to consider whether the circumstances did not also involve her committal. Indeed, the state of the circumstances he should lay before the court would, he believed, render it morally impossible to commit the other prisoners without com- mitting Mrs. Kinder. The motive for the crime would be found in the writings both of Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder, as there would be sufficient to satisfy their worships that even during the life- time of the husband alleged to have been mur- dered, there was a personal intimacy and per- haps an illicit intercourse between Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder ; at all events such an intimacy as could not exist without furnishing a clue to the imputed crime. On the occasion when Ber- trand prosecuted a man, named Jackson, for sending him a threatening letter, what he said in reference to that showed that there was the strongest possible intimacy ; and on the same occasion Mrs. Kinder, under cross-examination, being asked if her husband was not jealous of her, said " YEs, he never had any occasion." It would be proved that he had only too much occasion, and that this was a falsehood upon oath. After the death of Kinder, and when Mrs. Kinder had gone to reside at Bath- urst, what was called a journal or diary was kept by Bertrand, it being an understanding between them that he should jot down his thoughts, feelings, and the events of the day for her perusal when they should meet again. From entries in this diary it would be clearly seen that it was his intention to procure a divorce from his present wife, and to marry Mrs. Kinder ; the very first entry was in a most im- passioned strain. He talked of her as his wife, and of " sweeping away, as with a scimatar, his enemies," or those who should " step between her love and him." " Think kindly of me-of my great failings," it proceeded-" see what I have done for thee-for my, for our love ; think of that, and doubt me if you can." In reference to the prosecution of Jackson, and his commital to prison for sending a threatening letter, there was an entry to this effect :-"It pleased me-I am satisfied-thus once more perish my enemies. He is disposed of for the present-are you sorry? Came home. The first thing Jane did was to tell me that after all our quarrel with regard to your laughing at Jackson, you, while I was in court, laughed openly at him. Did you do so ?-if so, you will be his ruin, for I have not done with him yet. Why will you enrage me ? I called on Cooper, at the City Bank." It might be neces- sary to explain that grounds would be found for imputing to Jackson an intimacy with Mrs. Kinder, and that Bertrand, having an affection for the woman, became jealous of this man on account of his antecedent relations with Mrs. Kinder whilst they were living in New Zealand. In another entry he said, " I am now by my own agonies paying a debt to retributive justice ; how or what I have made others suffer, God only knows ; .but if I have, I richly deserve all I feel, and you, my love, have you not done the same?" What this related to was a matter of inference taken in connection with other facts and circum- stances that would be offered in evidence. In reference to the intention of getting a divorce, he said, " Dream of the future, for do we both look forward to repent our sins and make peace with our God ; I am sure He will help us to be good if we try with all our heart and strength," &c.; Then he said " Thinking of the time when we shall meet to part only in death- when will that time arrive ? It approaches slowly, but with slow steps ;'but it will come, believe me, as surely as you believe there is a God-I have said it." " He said,. further, " What would life be without thee, or even the hope of possessing thee." In another passage this occured: -" I look back at the past, and I am almost aston- ished at what I have dared and successfully executed. Can you, after that, say you have not faith in me-that I am changed, and that I could care for others beside thee ?" Then, in reference to her future conduct, he advised her to be good, as it was not too late to pray to God with a true repentant heart, adding, " I dare not yet lift up my voice to Him-I feel I dare not yet ask his forgiveness -my dear wife, pray for thy husband." The following" would be incredible, except on the supposition that Mrs. Bertrand was perfectly cognisant of his intimacy with Mrs. Kinder : " I speak a great deal of my affairs to my dear sister ; she loves me, and ís much concerned about our future; she is favorable to our divorce, and this, under the circumstances, is the most kind thing I can do for Jane and for all concerned." Again he said, "What is our love if the mere calamity of casual affairs upsets us thus ?-I should be ashamed of my love, of what I have done for it, if I knew not different from that-that is our only excuse on earth or in heaven for what we have accomplished." Then with reference to the supposition of antecendent intimacy, he said, '' Do you, my Helen, ever dream that we are locked in each other s arms once more?" In another part he said, in re- ference to a person named Bellhouse having to stop at his house, " After that, Mrs. Robertson was taken very ill, and is sleeping with my sister. Jane is obliged to sleep with me ; it feels so strange as I have not slept with her for a long time-it seems like sleeping with some one else's wife." Writing in reference to his worldly prospects, he said, " My heart gets sick and faint when I look into the future. God, is this thy retribu- tion for my sins ? Did I flatter myself that God would let a wretch like me go unpunished? But I tell thee, fate, I defy thee." Speaking of the object of the diary, he wrote, " This diary is for thee, my Helen. Then he had a memo- randum in which he informed the father of Mrs. Kinder of this feeling that he had about his daughter, and it seemed incredible that his sister and her father should, without any expression of dissent, be aware of this attachment. There was, however, it appeared, disapprobation on the mother's part. In another entry, he spoke of being in a boat in the harbor, standing on the deck, his face turned towards the little house with two chimneys, and thinking of the time when on the wings of love he flew to the arms of my beloved, oh ! my heart sinks when I recall those happy meetings now gone by." [This referred to the time when Mrs. Kinder was living with her husband.] " When none were by to interrupt us. Those were happy moments alloyed with bitter thoughts. How horribly jealous I was ; how could I bear to known that Helen, my love, belonged to some one who had a legal right to do and say anything he liked with her ? It drove me raving mad, and I am what I am. I looked around me and saw the people coming and going as they used to do, and racked by my thoughts, surely there can be no worse hell than our own conscience." Adverting to the time when Mr. Kinder was living, he spoke of a Mr. Deffries, saying "Deffries, when I was out with him, spoke about an affair, and said he knew more of it than I imagined ; that he had watched us, and that he thought it his duty to speak to me on the subject." In another entry he said :-" The more they oppose us, the more will be my power of resistance. Poor fools, to try and thwart my will-I who value human life so little, and value weapons to be used when re- quired, and then thrown away or destroyed, some of course being kept for future use, if neces- sary." There were a great many statements in this diary connected with his desire for Mrs. Kinder to return to Sydney, and it intimated that Mr. Layard had been asked to get an hotel in which to set up in business, so that they might have an opportunity of being near each other. Then letters were found in his possession, and would be proved to be in the handwriting of Mrs. Kinder, sent to him from Bathurst. By this diary it appeared that he was in the habit of corresponding with her, but only one of his letters was found in her possession ; and it would seem that in the case of the first he wrote to her, part of it was intended for the inspection of her mother, the rest intended only for her own eye, the portion intended for the mother being separate but enclosed. She admitted the receipt of other letters, but said they were destroyed. Her correspondence with Bertrand would be produced, disclosing an attachment quite as ardent on her part as that entertained on his part towards her. This was one of the main facts corroborative of the admissions that would be given in evidence. Part of Bertrand's evidence at the inquest would be proved by this correspondence to be utterly false. When asked if Kinder was jealous of his wife, Bertrand said "He was jealous of his wife with every person, he was a monomaniac on that point; she would answer when he abused her, but to my knowledge for the last six months I am certain Mrs. Kinder never gave deceased occasion for the unkind manner he showed towards her." Letters would be pro- duced to show that this was absolutely false. Some of these letters began in October and came down to the 23rd of November. The statement given of what occurred when deceased was shot was, that when Bortrand, Mrs. Ber- trand, and Mrs. Kinder were present, Mr. Kinder came into tho room, having been drink- ing, and, having some time before been talking about his affairs, got excited, fired a pistol at his head and fell down. The curious fact con- nected with this was that neither Mrs. Kinder nor Mrs. Bertrand gave information to the police on the matter. It was stated that Kinder died of the injury which he then inflicted on him- self. But subsequently Bertrand stated to his own sister, who had come up from Melbourne (referred to in the diary as the person for whom he had a great affection, and who had a great affection for him), that the mode of Kinder's death was not as mentioned in the news- papers or at the inquest-that he (Ber- trand) had shot him, and that as he lingered, and appeared likely to get somewhat better, Mrs, Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder con- curred in poisoning him, and thus put an end to his life. Something similar to this would be deposed to by a young man who had been in Ber- trand's employment, and whose statement, if un- corroborated, would certainly be most incred- ible. This assistant would prove that Bertrand admitted substantially the same thing to him ; that he (the assistant) was for weeks before privy to a design to commit the alleged murder, and to repeated attempts to murder Kinder; that he sent this assistant to buy pistols, Ber- trand accompanying him in woman's attire ; and it would be proved that with one of these pistols Kinder came by his death. A person who, being cognisant of such a proceeding, did not denounce it to the authorities, would scarcely be admitted as a very credible witness, and his statement would seem improbable if not con- firmed by other testimony. It would be proved that Bertrand, with the aid of his assistant, procured a sheep's head, and in his own house fired at it for practice with the pis- tols that he had obtained. As to Mrs. Ber- trand, it would be shown that she, when asked about the circumstance by a person whose evidence would be forthcoming, said something to the effect that Kinder was shot -that Kinder showed Bertrand a card and some letters, and that Bertrand then shot him, placing the pistol as if it had been fired from Kinder's hand, and putting a pipe in his mouth. Mrs. Bertrand also spoke of Kinder getting better, and of poisoning him. She said she did it, being afraid of her life being taken by her husband. Mrs. Kinder was present, and if her husband was shot and poisoned she must have been privy to it. On one occasion a card was produced and shown to the wife, and when asked if she remembered it, she cried out to the husband, " Don't, dont," and got quite affected by the production. He admitted that this was the card put into Kinder's hand at the time he was shot. On anothor occasion he threatened, in Mrs. Kinder's presence, to disclose that he had committed the murder, and she said, " Don't don't,' in an apparent state of alarm. " Don't do anything of the kind." If that oc- curred it showed a bygone complicity in what took place, but there would be circumstances and correspondence that would render it im- possible for them to be guilty without her being privy to the crime. Detective Richard Elliott produced a packet of letters which, on the 24th of last month, whilst Bertrand was in Darlinghurst gaol, he found in a secretary in prisoner's house, Wynyard-square. Ono of them, at the time not open, was opened by Mrs. Bertrand after his arrest. One of the letters bore the name of Mrs. Kinder; the others appeared to be with- out signature, but they appeared to be in the same handwriting as that bearing the name of Mrs. Kinder. He produced another packet of letters found in the same secretary at Bertrand's house. They seemed to contain poetry, and did not appear to be in the same handwriting as those in the package first produced. He in- duced a diary found at the same time in one of the drawers in Bertrand's bedroom ; this drawer was not locked when found. He also produced a small bottle labelled " Tincture of belladonna," a large phial containing a white powder, and two pieces of dry substances which were now folded up and sealed. The assistant (Alfred Burne), on the same day, handed to witness a phial labelled "Chloride of Zinc," The secretary was not locked. He also produced a pistol, powder flask, and a box containing caps, all which he found in the same secretary. The tomahawk he produced he received from the assistant the same day. He also produced a diary, which was found in a drawer in Bertrand's bedroom by the assistant, and handed to Inspector Read in witness presence. He also produced a screw which was found in the secretary, which could be used for the nipple of a pistol or for the barrel. He also produced a bottle he had received from the clerk of Inspector Read. It had the word " Poison" written on what ap- peared to be the label of Wilkinson, chemist, Hunter-street. He also produced two other books which he received from the assistant on the 30th November-; one of them bore the name of " Henry L. Bertrand," and the handwriting appeared to be the same as that in the book previously produced. Henry Wager re-called : I arrested Mrs. Kinder in Bathurst, and the place where she was staying I understood to be her mother's ; I said to her I have here a number of your letters addressed to Mr. Bertrand, at Wynyard square, and I will thank you to let me have any letters you have received from Mr. Bertrand ; she re- plied, I have none of Mr. Bertrand's letters ; I never kept them, I always burned them after I had read them; I said it would then be my duty to search for them ; Mrs. Kinder said, very well, I am sure you will not find any ; I then made a search and found a letter dated, 7 Wynyard-square, Ootober 28th, 1865, and signed, " Louis Bertrand ; " I understood Mrs. Kinder to say this was her desk ; I also found an envelope, addressed "H. L. Bortrand, 7 Wynyard-square;" it appeared to have been used and then brokon open ; there was no post mark or stamp upon it ; I also found a note ad- dressed to the manager of the City Bank, which purported to be an acknowledgment for the re- ceipt of a draft for £20 ; I found the envelope, this note, and a small quantity of stationery in a small bag that Mrs. Kinder handed to me ; the note is signed Maria Helen Kin-the name not being completed ; I found in the bed- room another note, in an envelope addressed "Henry Bertrand, Esq.," and she told me it was in the handwriting of Mr. Bertrand's sister. The letters were as follows : " Bathurst, 23rd October. " My Dear Friend,-You will be pleased to hear that we reached our journey's end in safety last evening. I assure you I was not sorry, for it was indeed a weary, weary time after saying good-bye to you. We drove on and on all day long through dust and heat until we reaohed Hartley-fancy thirteen hours of it. I really thought the day would never end. To mend matters, the poor little children suffered dread- fully while we stopped at Hartley, until 5 next morning. I was so tired I could not sleep. We again started, and drove on and on again until we reached Bathurst, about 3 o'clock. I do not think I was ever so tired in my life ; the very thought of the last two days makes me sick ; I trust I may never again experience such utter prostration. You will wonder how I like the place. As far as I have seen, I am not in raptures; it appears dreadfully dull, but I must not judge hastily; I think I shall like it well enough. Dear mamma and Sarah were looking out anxiously for us. I do not think I ever before felt how much I have to be thankful for in having a quiet home and dear friends to welcome me to. When we are wearied out in mind and body, how kindness and love come home to us. I was much disappointed in not having a line from either Llewellyn or yourself this afternoon. I trust you will write very often, and tell us all about everything and everybody, and yourself in particular. Mamma was in a great way about the telegram ; she could not make it out. Thank you very much for sending it so speedily. The sentence was much more severe than I expected. Please give my kind love to Jane, and kiss the dear children ; also kind regards to your sister. I trust you are all well at home. Tell Jane to be sure not to forget to send me her portrait as soon as possible. Mamma does not think yours a good one at all. Your sister also promised me hers ; I hope she will not forget. I have been telling mamma about her, and should like mamma to see her likeness so very much. I think her so nice-looking in every way. I am so tired to-night. I cannot write at any length. You must please excuse all mistakes. I will write a longer letter the next time. I am going to church in the morning, to have a look at the natives. Will you kindly give our best wished love to Llewellyn, and tell him he must not neglect us. You must make him write and tell us all the news. I must conclude now, or else I shall be late for the post. They are quite well. In kindest regards to yourself and all the family, and believe me ever to remain yours truly, ELLEN KINDER." " Bathurst, 31st October. " My Dearest Darling love,-I have just re- ceived your dear, kind, and most welcome let- ter. Oh, darling, if you could but know how my heart was aching for a word of love from you. Dear, dear love, your kind loving words seemed to have filled a void in my heart. I cannot convey to you in words the intense comfort your letter is to me. It has infused new life into my veins. I was tormenting myself with all sorts of naughty thoughts, darling. Write very often-every day if you can-and I will be here to answer. There is no fear of our correspondence being seen, as I do not read my letters out; the one to-day I did, as it did not matter, and it was such a nice, good letter. I wished mamma to have a favorable opinion of you. Of course I mean the one you intended her to see; the other is by far too precious for anyone but my own eyes or thoughts to dwell on. Oh, darling, you are all I care for and comfort you. Do bear up, my own love, and hope for bettor days. I tell you this when my own heart is sinking with fears for the future Lovey, lovey, if we could but see each other occasionally it would be some comfort; but that weary waiting, wait- ing is terrible. Do you know I seem to be able to bear it less and less with patience ; the hours and days drag on ; my only comfort is at the end of a day, and to think of your words. Every day brings the end nearer, and yet how do we know what the end may be. You may not be able to accomplish your purpose on account of the expense-even it will be granted you ; but I must not give way to thoughts of this kind, or I shall both unnerve myself and you ; but surely surely things will turn out right some way or other. I am truly grieved to hear about your difficulties, dear one, I fear you will be hard pushed ; you have such an expensive household ; you must be as careful as possible on our account. Mamma feels very much your being burthened with Llewellyn, but my parents are in such a position at present they have no choice but to accept your kind And indeed, dear, there seems little or no pros- pect that I can see here for the future. I would try and get a situation in some house in Sydney -here there is no such thing to be had. How ever, we must hope for the best. I suppose you must not be ashamed of our poor home when you come up, darling ; but I know that will make no difference to you. If I lived in a shanty it would be all the same, would it not ? Now about your coming up, dear darling ; how I should like to see your dear face, and to have a long, long talk with you about affairs in general. But, my own love, I fear if you were to come just now you would not find it pay you. Everything is so dull, and what I fear more is that people to whom you owe money would be down on you directly, thinking you were going to run away. Dear darling, all this advice goes sadly against the dictates of my own heart, for my spirit is fairly dying for you. A glimpse of you, oh ! dearest, dearest, what would I not give to be taken to your heart, if only for a moment, I think it would content me. It is no use, doar. Your love is food-nourish- ment to me. I cannot do without it. I tried to advise for the best, but I cannot. I cry out in very bitterness. If I can only be near you- only see you at a distance once again, I think I could bear myself. I believe, darling, if our separation is for long I shall go out of my mind. I cannot live without seeing you sometimes, but if we lived anywhere near Sydney we could have this occasionally which would have kept us up ; so all this long time of waiting here I might as well be at the end of the world. If you can manage to do so without risk, darling, come up at Christmas. I must try and live at least- must until your own judgment tells you we can meet without injury to yourself. How is Jane ? -what is the matter ? It is of no use to say I am grieved at her being laid up ; that would be a mere farce between you and I. May I then not make a pretence ? As for her assertions with regard to Mr. Jackson, I shall not them ; for if I am to be taken to task about all she may choose to say about me I shall have enough to do. I am not aware that she is so very particular with regard to her statements generally as to think it worth while giving second thoughts as to what she may say about me. I know her, and you ought by this time. If you allow everything she may say to influence you against me, I have done ; but darling I am yours, I leave my conduct to be judged by you as you think fit; there let the matter rest. It ought never to have been broached. Oh dear Lovey, I feel heartily you know whenever you approach me, though some may say I get angry at anything you may say yourself. I am al- ways ready and willing to listen to you, my dear one, for being settled. You will be glad to hear that the bank have sent me £20 ; it will be a little assistance. I intend keeping it, if possible ; it is handy in case of wishing to get away from here at any time. Mamma wishes very much we could have got into any sort of a business near Sydney, very much. When you come up you will be better able to judge of af- fairs, Papa talks of going to New Zealand, almost directly, for he is very unsettled, and what he had better do, there is nothing to be done here ; he quite expects me to make a good match one of these days. I tell him I would not give him thanks for the best man living, if I could only make my own living. Bess is quite woll, and Polly has not been very well and is very cross ; I hope her temper will im- prove as it is rather trying. I think the weather is much hotter here than in Sydney. Tell Llewel- lyn he must be sure to write very often, and, dear love, will you send us the paper every day ; you know the post leaves Sydney at 4 p.m., and it reaches here the following afternoon at 3, so that we can almost hear daily. What a long, long letter I have written. I do not seem to have much left. I wrote to Mr. Paterson last evening. I trust your dear children are well, also your sister and family ; give her my kindest regards. Do not let anyone see my letters or diary, as they are for your eye alone, and oh, dear one, of all things do not neglect writing, it is the only comfort I have during our separa- tion. Tell me all about yourself-your goings, sayings, and doings. I really must finish now. My own love, better, fondest love, ever yours. Good bye, lovey, pleasant dreams.-NELLY. I kiss you every night, and P.. dear one, before sleeping, and cry God to bless you and let me dream of you. I cry, oh, oh, off my heart, and to ache with longing to see you. I told you in my past letters the sort of place this is. I don't see the least likelihood of ever making a living out of the business ; everything is dreadfully dull, it is a horrid place, I dislike it infinitely; I would not name this if I could see any pros pect. I do so wish we could have found some- thing to do nearer, if not in Sydney somewhere not so utterly isolated as this is. I feel my position very much, as I know how litle able we are to afford the extra expense we must be at. If there was anything I could do to make it up there I should not mind, but there is absolutely nothing. What goods we have are very little, and the few we have there is no sale for. I do not know how things are to go on, if it were not for the children." " Bathurst, November 5. "Do, dear love, write as soon as you can, and tell me what you think. You see how we are situated. If papa goes away we have nothing but our own exertions to depend upon. Oh, dear, dear love, what can you mean about mamma's secret ? I know of nono. Do, do tell me. I have tortured myself dreadful since your letter came. Darling, that must be some mis- take ; what secret can she have ? Oh, my love, have pity and tell me. She has said nothing further about our letters ; but I do not think she likes our writing much. Oh, darling, you preach patience, but how can I be patient. I cannot be. I won't be. I have no fear about your getting on, lovey. It is the uncertainty of our meeting is to me terrible. I have every faith in you as far as you are concerned ; but others, that is the thing. I am always well when I get a letter to strengthen me. You are right in saying I want you. Try to help me, oh, dear, dear life, now, I look for- ward for you. My heart fairly jumps at the thought. I must finish now, love, in a hurry, as I hear mamma coming. God bless you, Good night, darling love, and plenty kisses from your own darling Child." " Bathurst, November 18. " My Own Dear Louis,-I received your dear, kind little note about an hour since. I have very little time to answer it, but I must tell you, lovey, it has put new life into me, the hope that you may be successful in your endeavor to get something for me to do that will bring me near your dear self. Oh, darling love, I do long for that to come about. I do not care how hard I may have to work, or how much anxiety , I may have, if I can only be where I shall be able to have a cheering smile from you, dear. Dear love, do help me in it ; it is absence from you that hurts me so. Oh, I know I could bear anything but dishonor ; and, love, that I could bear, if it were only myself that was the suf- ferer; this, dear one, I know you will understand. My feelings for my parents and young sister ; be- sides, I know, love, for your own and my sake you would always shield me, you dear, dear generous one. How can I repay you for all thoughts for my happiness, for I know well you feel that it is my happiness to be near you; but darling, not for my sake must you involve yourself in difficulties ; dear dear, that must not be; I must have patience, and be content to wait and hope, if that is the only means of sparing you, for you must not worry yourself so muoh on my acoount, darling, I am not worth the labor you take about me. I had a letter from papa. He writes for us to come down, at last. He says he thinks it would be best, but mamma thinks differently. I told you the reasons in my last letter, also what I want you to do for me in case all does fail. I have quite made up my mind not to try for anything here until you give me no more hope. This I trust you will succeed in, some way or the other ; in fact, I am sure you will if you make up your mind to. How I do hate this place, too, Hate ! hate ! hate it ! There, it does me good to even write my mind freely. I do not like to say too much to poor mamma, for she does her best to make me happy, and really is striving hard to make a living. I know I worry her often, for my disgust will break out sometimes in spite of myself. It is very ungrateful of me, I know, for what should I do had I not such a kind home to como to, poor as it is, and my loving rela- tives to welcome me ? Oh, I fear, dear one, I am very wretched, I know it is being away from you. If you were only here, and I could be even in the same town, I should be all right. Don't think me a little goose, but I do long to think of the timo when I shall see your dear face very, very often ; that is what makes me want to come to Sydney, or somwhere near, or else I would make up my mind to stay here and be content, for if it were not for you all places would be alike to me. Oh, I do hope you will succeed, darling. I pray you may, for I quite expect it. Papa goes to New Zealand, the best thing will be our leaving to be off there. I quite expect to find myself in Canterbury one of these days, and fancy dear dear, lovey lovey, all those miles apart. Oh, how would we bear it ? But we must hope our good fortune will favor us in this. I cannot say no more, dearest love, as I have no time, I have to be very busy to- night making a jacket for some girl or other. You must remember I am a seamstress now, not a lady with my time at my own disposal. So good-by, my own dear one. Be sure to write as soon as possible, and let me know the result. Adieu. God bless you, love. Ever your own, affectionately.-I have enclosed a few lines for papa. Dear Louis, please give them to him. Ever yours." " November 21. " Oh Darling Louis,-Your letter has quite bewildered me. Oh, lovey, what shall I say and what shall I do ? You must not be angry. But I do not quite understand about this business. You say something about papa's going to New Zealand. If I am going to Sydney to go into the house, he must not go ; he must stay in some capacity or other, as it would never do for me to enter into it without his countenance, darling. Darling, both yours and my reputation would be gone at once, you see. If he could stay I will come at once. Oh, dear darling, he must stay, or I cannot come. I am too young, in reality, after all the talk there has been about me. Dear, dear, love, for myself I would risk all ; but supposing it should not answer ? My having lived as it were, in, and keeping your house, without either of my parents to come to see me ; it would preclude all chance of my getting my living in any other way. Llewellyn is no use in that respect." Mary Agnes Robinson deposed to the letters read as being in the handwriting of Mrs. Kinder. The depositions of Mrs. Kinder and Mr. Ber- trand having been read, the diary was then put in and read. The entries were made daily from the 26th October to the 18th November. We cull the following extracts : " Sydney, October 26, 1865. Thursday. " Lonely ! Lonely ! Lonely ! She is gone- I am alone. O my God. did I ever think or dream of such agony. I am bound to appear calm ; so much the worse. I do so hate all mankind. I feel as if every kindly feeling has gone with her. Ellen, dearest Ellen, I thank, I dare to thank God, for the happiness of our last few moments. Surely, He could not forsake us, and yet favor us as He has done. Tears stream from my eyes ; they relieve the burning anguish of my breaking heart. Oh, how shall I outlive twelve long months ! Child, I love thee passionately-aye, madly. I know not how much until thou wert gone. And yet I am calm. 'Tis as the dead silence that precludes the tempest. What fierce passions are con- tending in my breast ! Love, jealousy, revenge, hate, and unappeased rage! Can I ever be good? I will try, since my love wishes it. Dearest child, what would I not do for you, my wife, in heart, soul, and spirit! Angel of love, star that hath illumined my dark existence, I am grateful, ever grateful, for the intense happiness you have caused me. Oh, darling love, givo me by thy future life faith, new, sterling faith in thee. Thou art all I possess, both in this life and in the next. Do not rouse the demon that I know lies dormant within me. Beware how you trifle with my love. I am no base slave to be played with, or cast off as a toy. I am terrible in my ven- geance ; terrible, for I call on the powers of hell to aid their master in his dire vengeance. God ! what am I saying ? Do not fear me, darling love ; I would not harm thee-not thy dear self, but only sweep away as with a scimitar my enemies or those who step between thy love and me. Think kindly of me-of my great failings. See what I have done for thee, for my, for our love. Think of that and then doubt me if you can. Oh ! Ellen, I swear that since the creation of the universe no woman was ever loved as thou art. Dear love, are you not proud of that ? and I feel that I am loved equally well. I am so ill, Ellen ! I want a smile from those dear eyes to give me hope, renewed energy. My life seems ebbing away, I want to live now, since thou art the prize to be won. I have thee, I know, but I crave, my own darling, to call thee wife before God and man. Will that ever be ? If I thought not I would not live. No ! what is life without thee ? One burning kiss, love. Adieu. Will you think of our last parting ? you did not leave me or I you ; we left each other of our own free will that we should sooner meet again. How strange it seemed you going one way and I another, and yet I seemed to carry you back with me, thy darling spirit is ever by me. Courage, dearest, courage, and all will yet be well. The journey will fatigue you greatly, and I not there to help thee, my love ; that happiness will fall to the lot of some one who knows not the extreme pleasure he is robbing me of. Dear one, I pray that you may not be ill. That my love will strengthen instead of enervating you my own child. I feel I love you as mothor, sister, brother, husband, all, all combined. What work I have before me God only knows, but I will call His love to help me, and strive to do right. I feel I shall ; thy dear devoted love will save me. I know it will, and we may yet be good and happy together. In the train I borrowed half the Empire, which contained this paragraph :-' Francis Arthur Jackson, convicted of sending a threatening letter to Henry L. Bertrand with the intent to extort money, sentenced to twelve months hard labor in Parramatta gaol.' It pleased me. I am satisfied. Thus once more perish my enemies. He is disposed of for the present; are you sorry ? Came home ; the first thing that Jane did was to tell me, that after all our quarrel with regard to your laughing at Jack- son, you, while I was in court, laughed openly at him. Did you do so ? If so, you will be his ruin, for I have not done with him yet. Why will you enrage me ?' Mrs. Robertson was very ill when they returned from the railway, and was obliged to go home directly in a cab alone. My sister promised to go and see her this evening ; and accordingly, Harriette, Jane, and myself, went to see her at 9 o'clock ; we could not go sooner, because of the children. I was taken very ill at her house, and was obliged to take one of my powders. I gave her your portrait ; she liked it very much. Mrs. Robertson gave me two pearl shells to look at, to see if they could be mounted into sugar spoons, and asked me if it would be very expen- sive to get them done, when I told her that it would be. She asked me to accept them, and that she would try and get others from the Islands for herself. I do not know what to do, whether to accept them or not ; however, I will consider what to do. It is now a few minutes to 2 o'clock, high time to retire, particularly as I am very wearied and tired. I placed one of your dear darling portraits this morning in your locket ; so I carry you, my love, about with me. and kiss your dear eyes again and again. Love, dear dear Nelly, how do you bear, bear our separation ? Oh, darling, you must be tired and worn out. God bless and guard thee, Ellen, (One day nearer to thee.)-Louis." " Friday, November 3rd.-Received a nice letter from my dear Ellen ; she complains of business being so very bad at Bathurst and sees no prospect of making a living. The dear girl almost asks me to look after some sort of a situation near or in Sydney. Oh, I do hope and pray that she may come, that we may be near one another ; 'tis great happiness for me to know that my darling child feels the separa- tion as much as I do ; I will try hard, very hard, to get something for her to do ; I trust I may succeed. Oh, is it not hard that, through me, my sweet Ellen is thus placed, I am sure I feel it more than she does, to see the woman I adore seeking a situation to work for her daily bread, is so very hard for me to bear. Oh why can I not share all, all I possess with her, take her to my heart and home. No! the world would not allow such a breach of etiquette, so we must, I suppose, abide by its decrees. Oh mankind, I hate ye ; I hate the vile hypocrisy that is inborn in man's very nature. I despise all, everything worldly except pure unadul- terated love. This, oh world, is thy only re- deeming feature ; but for love, what should we be, worse far worse than the lowest brutes in the scale of creation. " I have done; it makes me sick when I think of these things. I am doing no business, one solitary half a-crown this day ; but it rained hard all day so I could not expect people to come out in such weather. I was at work all day and night at my Figian. I cast him this time in six pieces, and five of them are suffi- ciently correct to make do, but I shall have to make a new body, that being the imperfect face ; it was twenty minutes to 2 before we left the workshop, so I am too fatigued to write. I wrote Ellen a long letter to-day, it seems to me the only comfort I have left, to receive and write letters to my darling love. Oh I do long to see her once again. My soul yearns for thee, oh, my loved dearest one. I shall pray God that we may be near each other ; that I may be able to counsel and advise thee my love, that I may watch over thee and guard thee from all ill. Oh, my sweet loving child, will that be possible? I hardly dare to realise the hope ever of such taking place, for fear that I shall raise in my heart expectations that may not come to pass. I have no news. Of course, we did not go to the theatre, as it was wet. I was so very glad, as I could ill afford a pound at such a time, to throw away on such amusements. Alfred sleeps on the sofa to-night, it is pouring with rain and rather cold. Adieu, my Ellen, dream my own love that we are locked in each others arms once more. God bless thee, my love, good night. The ninth day passed away.-Louis." " The seventeenth day passed away. Sunday, November 12, Harriet awoke me at a quarter past 8 o'clock, instead of 7 as I desired, so I had to shave and dress in a hurry, a perform- ance that I object to infinitely. However, I got away from the house at near 9, and took a waterman's boat over to North Shore. It was cloudy, and looks for rain, also very windy ; the tide and wind were against us, so that it took five and twenty minutes to go across. There were no 'buses running at that hour, so I made for Deffrie's house on fot. It was then nearly half-past 9, and the appointed time for break- fast was that at the very latest. To make mat- ters worse, instead of going by the road I went the road through the bush that I went through on one occasion with my darling dear Ellen. I sauntered leisurely along, and a vision bright along with me. I recalled that happy walk. I once more fancied she, the loved darling of my heart, was by my side. Oh God, what I suffer. Oh, this love is terrible, it will kill me, I know it will. What excrutiating agony, intense bit- terness of the past ; all that I possess of brain, nerve, and soul is devoted to this one object of my life. When shall the end arrive? If need be, I am willing to sell my soul to Satan for thee, oh, my dear one. What is the future to me or my salvation ? I do not want it, unless my Ellen share it with me. No, where she goes, there I shall be found, no matter what penalty I have to pay. I glory in ruining both body and soul for the idol I worship and adore, Be she as wicked as Satan, or as vile and wily as the serpent, I, even I, will save her-will raise her from the depth of hell. I feel this is in my power to do, or I perish in the attempt. I, Ellen- even I, thy lover-wicked as I am, will be a saviour to thee. Thou shalt bless and almost revere me for what I shall do for thee. I shall be a beacon in this vacillating world of ours, to show what the human will is capable of, and what the power of love can perform. Dear, sweet, loved Ellen, the more they oppose us, the greater will be my power of resistance. Poor fools, to try and thwart my will. I tell thee all that thou has need of-God's help. Indeed, if thou hast me for an enemy-I, who value human life as I value weapons, to be used when re- quired, and then thrown away or destroyed ; some, of course, kept for future use, if necessary. Beware ! If I have my way in this, if I obtain this sole object of my being, I feel that I shall be reclaimed ; but if not, no matter from what cause, Heaven help the world. Oh ! I shall in- deed be revenged. What my brain conceives my hands can execute ; but enough of this for the present. I am furious on this one subject." Alfred Burne, re-called : I have been nearly four years in Bertrand's service, and I was usually employed from 9 o'olock in the morning till 6 o'clock in the evening ; I have known Mrs. Kinder stop at Bertrand's house at night; sometimes I have stopped late at night to work ; at other times when I have come to work in a morning I have seen her coming down stairs ; she stayed in the house for about a week on one occasion, after chloroform was administed ; about three or four days after he first knew her Bertrand sent me with a message to her, giving me a note, and saying that I was to deliver it to Mrs. Kinder and get an answer yes or no ; I took the note to Kinder's house at the North Shore a little after 8 in the morning, and deli- vered it to a young lady who came to the door, and who said she would perhaps be in there in the afternoon ; it was Mrs. Kinder's sister, I believe ; when I got back I told Bertrand, as an answer, "she would be down in the afternoon." Mr. Roberts objected to it as evidence against Bertrand. Witness continued : I said to Bertrand, she will be here this afternoon ; I saw her at Ber- trand's house that afternoon, when he was out ; he was out nearly an hour, and she went away without seeing him ; about a couple of months after that he told me to go to the post-office at St. Leonards, and ask for a letter addressed to a Miss Somebody, as he thought Mrs. Kinder was not going to receive it herself, as she had been seen, or observed at the post- office by Major Christie ; I went to the post-office at St. Leonards, and got a letter ; it was addressed to a Miss Somebody, to be left till called for ; I gave it to Bertrand ; about a fortnight or three weeks before Kinder's death, Mrs. Bertrand gave me a letter, saying it was written by Mr. Bertrand, and that I was to take it to the North Shore and see if there was any answer ; it was in Mr. Bertrand's handwriting ; I took it over, handed it to Mrs. Kinder, and she took out a diamond ring ; it was Mr. Bertrand's ring ; besides Mrs. Kinder, I only saw a little boy; Mr. Jackson, whom I know, was not there on that day ; she said she would come perhaps in the afternoon ; Bertrand was ill at this time ; these were the only occasions on which I took letters ; Bertrand told me that on the first occa- sion of his knowing Mrs. Kinder she was accom- panied by her mother and sister, and that after the acquaintance, when her mother and sister accompanied her, he exchanged letters with her when they shook hands at parting ; he told me that Mrs. Kinder had taken a violent fancy to him ; this was about the time he received the first letter, or after the first letter ; he told me that he was in the habit of having connexion with her; some time after this he told me that Kinder would very likely be found dead in his bed one morning ; on the occasion of her visit's I saw them together in the room, apart from where I was, and when no one else was in the room ; he said that Kinder would very likely commit suicide ; I do not recollect the time when he said this ; on a subsequent occasion he told me in the workshop that he would put Kinder against Jackson and so got Jackson out of the road, by making Kinder jealous of him ; about a fortnight afterwards he told me he had succeeded, and that Kinder had got Jackson to leave the house at the North Shore; a short time afterwards he told me he had made friends with Jackson, and that Jackson was coming to stop at his place for a time ; Jackson did stay there, and had his meals there ; after he had been there three or four days Bertrand told me that he had tried to drug Jackson for the pur- pose of getting papers and letters written to him by Mrs. Kinder ; he told me the day after that it had failed ; he subsequently told me that he had tried to get Jackson to leave the house, and Jackson left; the next thing he told me was that Mr. Kinder would be found dead in his bed ; this was subsequent to the other conversations ; about six weeks previous to Kinder's death he asked me where I could got a boat to hire ; I told him several places, and mentioned Buckley's amongst others ; he said he required a boat for a little exercise, and asked me if I would accom- pany him; we went the following night about 12 o'olock ; I hired a boat from Buckley between 5 and 6 o'clock, and about 12 we went in it over to the North Shore, as far as Kinder's house, which was about five minutes' walk from the wharf; the boat was tied up at the wharf, and we went to the side of Kinder's house, opposite to the bedroom window upon which the moon was shining; he said "That is his bedroom ; " he did not then say what was the purpose of his visit, but afterwards he said he wished to get to Mr. Kinder's drawers ; I think he said for the purpose of getting papers from his chest of drawers, but I am not quite certain ; he did not go in, he said the moon was too strong, he had come too early, and that he would have to go some other night ; we returned to Sydney ; we went again about three nights after, taking a boat from the same place, and went up to the house ; as we were going over he said it was very likely that next morning Kinder would be found dead in his bed, having committed suicide, and letters from Jackson be found in his hand ; we were there about 1 o'clock in the morning ; this night he went into the house, whilst I was standing about a dozen yards from it ; he took off his boots, giving them to me to hold ; I can- not say how long he remained there, as I fell asleep ; he got in by one of the front windows-the dining room window, I think ; after his return he said Kinder's beer was untouched ; he said, " We had drugged it;" that Kinder was very restless, starting up in his sleep every moment, and that Mrs. Kinder kept him from "sleeping ; he said he would punish her for it in the morning ; we then returned home ; nearly a week after he came and told me he required a boat again, and asked me if I would get it him ; I got it for him. Captain Cloete : Was it from the same man ? Yes, from Buckley, but not the same boat, a lighter one. I think that night he went to the theatre and met Mr. and Mrs. Kinder there. . By Mr. Butler : At tea time that evening he produced a hatchet he had bought, and asked me to bore a hole in the handle so that he could tie it up by a string and carry it concealed under his coat ; and I did so. He had in the house at the time a young man whose name I believe was Ranclaud, who came from the theatre with them, and left the house the same time that we did-about 1 o'clock in the morning ; he asked Bertrand where he was going with the hatchet, and Bertrand told him something about fishing ; I asked Bertrand what he told-Ranclaud, and he said he told him that he intended to knock a hole in the bottom of the boat, because some one had in- sulted him ; about 1 o'clock we went across in the boat ; on going to the boat he told me that Kinder had insulted him at the theatre, and that it was his intention to knock his brains out ; he also said he intended to get a divorce from his present wife and to marry Mrs. Kinder; I asked what was his cause against Mrs. Ber- trand, that he wished to be divorced; he said no cause; I told him I thought it was impossible to get a divorce from her, unless he could get something against her, and he said he would get some one, and pay them, until he got some- thing against her ; when he was about going out of his house, he would wish me good night, tell me to be back early in the morning, slam the door, and then he would come out at the back door ; with regard to what he said as to the divorce, I remarked what object could he have in putting Mr. Kinder out of the way when Mrs. Kinder was just as good as a wife to him ; he said Mr. Kinder had insulted him, and besides he wished to have Mrs. Kinder all to himself; he said he told Mrs. Kinder that he had been over there, and she would not believe it ; when we got to the house, he want in the same way through the same win- dow, by taking off his boots ; he told me that he had taken the screws out of the lock, and put the lock in again with putty, so that it would readily fall out into his hand ; we re- turned in about an hour, or a little more, and on our way back he said Jackson and Llewellyn (Mrs. Kinder's brother) were there again, asleep in the house, and that he did not think it safe, especially as the boards creaked. Mr. Roberts: Safe to do what? To murder Mr. Kinder, as I understood. By Mr. Butler : We then returned to Syd- ney ; the tomahawk was a small one ; it was that produced, but part of the handle has been broken off; about a week after he told me he was going over again, and asked me in the after- noon if I would buy him a red crimean shirt, because it would not show the color of blood ; I got one from Giles' ; he then asked me if I understood making up, and if I would make him up so that he would not be recognised;. I said, " Don't you wish you may get it." Between 12 and 1 he shut the door again, after calling out to his wife, then went upstairs and shaved himself ; he woke me up; his face was then blackened ; he had on a shell hat belonging to me, wore the crimean shirt, and on his face he had a kind of mask that concealed half his face ; he told me to take off my boots; I did so, and he did the same ; this was at his own house, in Wynard-square ; we put on our boots outside in the lane, and went across with a boat again at about half-past 1 o'clock ; he took some brandy in a ginger-beer bottle, and drank the brandy before going up to Kinder's house ; he got inside the house, and remained there about three quarters of an hour ; when we got back to the wharf, he said he did not like going home without finishing what he had come to do, and asked me if I would accompany him to the house, go in with him, and if anything happened, to take his part and knock anybody's brains out who interfered ; I said it was too romantic for me, or I don't see anything romantic in it,-that I had no share in Mrs. Kinder, and would not run any risk ; he went back by himself, and returning in about half an hour, he woke me up, as I was asleep on the wharf; on all these occasions I always carried the hatchet myself (except when he was in the house) for my own safety ; I gave it to him when we got up to the house ; I also used to get him to sit in front of me in the boat for fear of accidents ; I made him pull the stroke oar whilst I pulled the bow oar, fearing lest taking me by surprise whilst my back was towards him he might throw me into the water ; this ended the boat excursions ; in stating these particu- lars of them some circumstances might have oc- curred on different nights to those I have men- tioned, but if they did not occur on one of the nights I have mentioned they occurred on one or other of the occasions ; two or three weeks after Bertrand asked me if I had any pis- tols ; I said that I had one, but that I used it for conjuring-for wizarding ; he then asked me if I knew where any could be got, and where any one might buy them without being re- cognised ; I told him I did not know, but that I would try to obtain them for him ; he said he would get some himself ; that night he asked me if I would accompany him, and meet him at 8 o'clock opposite Petty's Hotel, and he would dress as a woman ; I waited until a quarter past 8, and he did not come ; I went to the house, and then saw Bertrand ; I asked him for some money as a pretext not to let those in the house know what I had come for ; I went out, and met him nearly opposite Cohen's Hotel, about twenty minutes afterwards; we went down Lower George-street, and I inquired at several places ; at last I succeeded in getting a pistol at Levey's, nearly opposite the Crooked Billet Inn, in Lower George-street ; whilst I was in the shop Bertrand came in and examined the pistols ; he being then dressed as a woman ; he expressed his approval of them, and paid for them with money he gave me ; he had shaved off a moustache he wore previously ; we returned home, and I left him at the corner of Margaret- street ; next morning he told me to go and get a sheep's head, and I got one from Sharp's, the butcher's, in Hunter-street ; he said he wanted it to practice with, and told me not to have it cut in two ; I think young Mr. Sharp helped me ; I took it up to Bertrand's workshop, at his place in Wynyard-square ; he then made some bullets ; I saw him make a model of one in wax to fit the pistol, and then pour plas- ter of Paris upon it ; in the mould he poured lead; he loaded the pistol, and fired several times at the sheep's head ; after firing about four times Mrs. Palmer and Mrs. Bertrand came into the shop, and Mrs. Palmer asked him what he was doing ; he immediately ordered them both out and shut the door ; he said he wished to know which part of the skull the bullet would enter into the soonest ; and he pointed to the side of the temple between the eye and the ear as the best place ; nothing more occurred until Monday morning, this being on the Saturday ; on the Monday he told me to burn the skull in the furnace, and I did so ; the next think I heard was that Mr. Kinder had shot himself; he came in between 11 and 12 on the morning of the day when I heard of Kinder shooting himself; a week previous he had shown me a pistol he said he intended to give to Kinder, not one of those produced, but one of a better maker ; on the evening he told me that Kinder had shot himself; that he had gone out with him to have a drink; and that be- fore going back to the house he had shown him a pistol, telling him that it was perfectly empty, although at the same time it was loaded; that he (Bertrand) placed a cap upon the nipple and told Kinder to go into the room and frighten the ladies by pretending to shoot himself; that he did so, and of course shot himself ; Bertrand said they were two or three hours looking for doctors, and that none of them thought the wound was inflicted by a bullet ; that no bullet could be found ; the day previous to Kinder's death, Bertrand took out of his pocket a small bottle containing a white liquid, without any label ; this was in the workshop; the liquid was like water ; he took it out of his trousers pocket, say- ing it was poison, which he intended to give to Kinder ; that he had often before given him poison, and that it had never taken effect ; he said Kinder stuck out to the last that he did not shoot himself ; he also said Kinder would have no one with him but himself (Bertrand) ; on the morning of the conversation about Kinder having shot himself, Bertrand said one of the ladies had picked up a bullet on the floor, and which he showed me ; it was flat ; he merely laughed, and put it in his pocket ; in the surgery I have seen Mrs. Kinder with her arms round Bertrand's neck, I was not at work there at that time, but happened to be going in quickly ; the pistol produced (the one with concealed trigger) is one of those bought at Levey's; I objected to it, and Levey pretending to change it, took a good one back and put this up again ; the one with the trigger guard, I think, was the one Bertrand showed me, and told me he was going to give it to Kinder ; I think one of the bullets that were cast in the mould, and which I gave to Elliott, fits one of the pistols bought at Levey's ; I kept that one (bullet). Captain Cloete : The first night of your boat excursions you say he spoke of too much moon- light,-were the others by moonlight ? The others were still moonlight, but not so much; the moon waa generally down before we got there ; we timed it so that the moon might be going down. By Mr. Butler : I think Bertrand said he applied some poison to the wound, and that it was acid ; that was about the time he showed me the small phial; he also said he must not leave Kinder too long for anybody else to speak to; before Kinder's death Bertrand came up with a handful of letters to burn ; I asked him what they were, and he handed me one as he was burning the others ; he did not say whose letters they were ; the purport of the one he showed me, as far as I could gather it was this:-"Dear Kinder, or dear Harry, I know you are jealous of me, be- cause that d-- Bertrand has told lies of me ;" we made some remarks at the same time about the way he could disguise his handwriting ; he took it out of my hand, and placed it among the others he was burning ; I believe Kinder's name was Henry ; either the third or the last time we went over to the North Shore-it was on Friday night-he said Kinder might be killed that night, and as Jackson was leaving the colony next day, suspicion would fall upon him ; since Kinder's death, I have had no conversation with Jackson ; I do not think I have spoken to him at all ; I have had no conversation with him either before or since Kinder's death. Tuesday, November 5. Alfred Burns, cross-examined by Mr. Roberts : I am twenty years of age ; I did not give any evidence at the inquest on the body of Kinder, although I was aware that an inquest was to be held, Bertrand having told me that he was going there ; I did not go, because I was not subpoenaed I suppose ; I have been subpoenaed here ; I have been at the detective office since the inquest ; I went there, being in danger of my life if Bertrand got at liberty ; it was slightly for the sake of public justice, and by way of protecting my life that I went there-the object being self-preservation in particular, and the other in a slight degree ; I did not go there for fear I might be implicated in the charge against Bertrand ; I went voluntarily ; I voluntarily stated what I knew ; before I went to Captain M'Lerie I told Mr. Layard, of Jamison-street, all I knew about the affair ; it took me about an hour to give my statement at the detective office. * * I guessed they had a liking for each other, and that this letter was for an appointment ; it was about a week after that he told me Mrs. Kinder had taken a violent fancy to him ; but the day previous to giving me the letter he said Mrs. Kinder was a remarkably fine woman, at the same time winking; I never saw them exchange letters on shaking hands with each other ; Bertrand, about three weeks after he became acquainted with her, told me he was in the habit of having improper intercourse with her ; it was about three months ago that Ber- trand told me in the workshop that Kinder was likely to commit suicide ; he said Kinder was in great money difficulties,that he was very hard up, and would most likely be found dead in his bed ; I asked why, and he said because he is in great money difficulties, and did not know what to do for money ; this might have taken place six or seven months ago ; I am not certain as to dates ; now I am reminded of it, I think Ber- trand, in talking of the probability of Kinder committing suicide, coupled with it some allu- sion to his leading a dissipated life and addiction to intoxicating drinks ; he sometimes mentioned that and sometimes his pecuniary embarassments as the cause ; on one of the boat excursions Bertrand told me Kinder had insulted him, and for that reason he was going to knock his brains out, and I believe the same night he said he had dragged him ; in fact, I understood him to say he had dragged him every night he went over there, except the first ; he said he had drugged the beer ; the conversation with refe- rence to Jackson and Kinder took place in the workshop ; I saw Jackson at Bertrand's two or three days, apparently stopping there, but I never spoke to him ; in not telling Jackson what Bertrand had said of him, I had no more reason than not wishing to break the confidence re- posed in me by Bertrand ; I have broken con- fidence now or else some one else would; I was told that Bertrand had spoken of the circum- stance that he attempted to drug Jackson, and failed, in fact that he had spoken of the whole affair, and threatened to blow my brains out as soon as he came out of gaol; it was because I was afraid of being implicated in the death of Kinder ; previous to getting into dif- ficulties he stated his intention to put me out of the way ; and his sister, Mrs. Kerr, and Mr. Deffries, told me that I had better give evidence; I read about a page of the diary before the detectives came-the first page- whilst Ber- trand was in gaol ; it was no part of my busi- ness to open the books in the drawers, and I received no directions to do so ; I received the keys from Mrs. Bertrand when Mr. Bertrand went to gaol ; my reason for opening the diary was to see if there was anything in it against Mr. Bertrand ; he had some years previously dressed himself in the character of a woman ; he did so about three years back as a joke ; I once remonstrated with him about talking of knocking Kinder's brains out-that was the night when he told me he was going to kill Kinder-to knock his brains out with the hatchet; I said, how would it benefit you, because Mrs. Kinder can be no more to you than she is already ? I said that in the boat ; he placed great confidence in me, but I thought it best to be on the safe side, although I did not fear him ; I thought he might take my life ; he often joked with me upon the subject of Kinder's death ; belladonna, chlorodyne of zinc, and arsenic are used in the business of a dentist for killing the nerves of decayed tooth before stopping them ; I am not certain about belladonna. By Mr. Butler : When he showed me the bottle of poison I referred to yesterday he did not say where or how he got it ; upon another occasion he said that he was in the habit of going into a chemist's shop, and amongst others he mentioned the name of Wilkinson-that he took a small phial and filled it with what poison he required whilst the chemist's back was turned ; I supposed the person who sold me the pistols was Mr. Levey. [Joseph Myers brought before witness.] The gentleman now before me is the one who sold me the pistols ; I I got the koys to attend to Bertrand's business in his absence. Captain Cloete : I got the keys from Mrs. Bertrand in order to attend to the surgery ; I am not certain about the dates of the circum- stances I have mentioned. By Mr. Roberts, at the instance of the prisoner Bertrand : Do you not know it to be a fact that Bertrand could get poisons of any description from chemists on application? I believe he could. Joseph Myers, carrying on business with Levey and Co., 197 Lower George- street, deposed that about 8 o'clock on the evening of Thursday, 28th September, a young man, with a person- apparently a young woman, the latter remaining at the door -came to the shop to get some pistols ; he identified the witness Burne as the young man who came to the shop ; the person dressed as a woman only came inside the shop door ; this was after the application of the young man who bought the pistols for the money which he got from the person outside ; the young man said they were purchasing them for amateur theatrical performances ; they were 10s. 6d., and I think he gave me a £1 note ; when the pistols were paid for I did not see them go away together ; one of the two pro- duced (that with the secret trigger) was one of those sold on that occasion ; they were sold as damaged pistols ; the trigger of this one will not cock, and in one of those I sold the trigger was a perfect fixture. Mary Palmer deposed ¡ I am Mrs. Bertrand's mother ; I remember being in Bertrand's house with my daughter one day upstairs, and hearing what appeared to be the report of pistols ; they were successive reports, within intervals of not a minute, I suppose I heard two reports, and in about ten minutes afterwards I came down stairs from the next floor to Bertrand's work- shop and looked in ; there I saw a sheep's head on a side table, and observed smoke in the room ; I observed to Bertrand, " Goodness, Henry, what a smoke in the room;" he ordered me out, and I left the house; my daughter knocked at the door ; on one occasion, it might be two months or more since, and I believe be- lieve before I heard of Kinder's death, I had a conversation with Bertrand in the front room of his house, when my daughter, Mrs. Bertrand, was present, when Bertrand said to me, " Mother, I am going to get a divorce." I said, " Henry, what, a divorcement, and been married but two years, and have two dear children ;" he said, " Oh, never mind, I would not allow my own mother to speak like that to me-I would knock her down;" that was all I said, and the conversation ended there ; Mrs. Bertrand did not say anything ; my daughter and Bertrand apparently were living on rather to the contrary of happy terms ; they have been married three years next April ; I think it is for about eight or nine months that they have been living unhappily ; but neithor Bertrand nor my daughter ever mentioned to me the cause. By Mr. Roberts : I always found her sober, steady, and industrious, and having a great re- gard for her children ; she made no complaints against him ; she was very domesticated. Wednesday, November 8. Charles Lett deposed to statements made by Bertrand when cross-examined by Jackson at the Court of Quarter Sessions ; also to a conversa- tion he had with Bertrand. Alexander Bellhouse deposed : I am em- ployed in the telegraph department, and have known Bertrand three or four years, but until three or four weeks ago I had not seen him for two years ; I then met him on board the Manly Beach steamer, and he invited me to his house ; I went there the following evening, remained there two or three hours, he introduced me to his wife and his sister, Mrs. Kerr, and we played at cards ; when I was going away he said he wanted to tell me something, and walked out of the house with me ; he then volunteered a statement about the death of Kinder ; he said he went in the garb of a woman and purchased a pistol ; that he shaved off his moustache entirely ; he said he was sorry for Kinder, but he wanted him out of the way ; he said he was going to got a divorce from his wife in less than twelve months; he said he was a powerful mesmerist, and had great power over people that way ; that he had great influence over his wife, and could do what he liked with her ; he said his wife knew about his attachment for Mrs. Kinder- that she was very fond of him, and would do anything he wished ; then he went on to say he was a powerful mesmerist ; I think he said he put the pistols in Kinder's way, but I would not swear to it ; he did not say anything particular as to his influence over Mrs. Kinder ; he said they were a pair of common pistols. In cross-examination by Mr. Roberts, the witness said that Bertrand stated that Mr. Kinder shot himself ; I thought it was clearly understood that Kinder shot himself, and I did not, therefore, question him about it ; he said he was sorry for Kinder, but I do not swear it was immediately after that he said he was in his way. Harriet Kerr deposed ; I am, a married woman, and am sister to Bertrand, the pri- soner; I arrived from Melbourne about six weeks ago, and went to live at his house in Wynyard-square ; shortly after I arrived he spoke of Mrs. Kinder, and said he wished to make her his wife-that he wished a divorce from his present wife ; he said he was very much in love with this person, Mrs. Kinder ; I said I was very much surprised, as in his letters to me he said he was living happily with his wife ; I argued with him, and said that after being married for three years he should think of better things ; I only had one conversation with him on the subject of the divorce; about a week afterwards, or five or six days, early in the morning, just before breakfast and before leav- ing my bedroom, Bertrand came into my room whilst I was washing the baby; he said, " Stay a minute, I have something to say to you ;" he told me to sit down on the side of the bed, and asked me if I had read about the death of Kinder ; I said I had ; he paused a little and then said, " Kinder did not shoot himself -he said I shot him ;" I replied, " You must be mad to say such a thing ; he said, " No, I am not mad-I tell you I did shoot him ;" I said, " But how cruel of you to do so," and I put up my hands to my face ; he pulled them down again ; I was crying, and he said, " Don't cry, I don't regret what I have done ;" he said Kinder was in his way ; he said he would do the same thing to any man who stood in his way ; he warned me not to tell his wife what he had told me ; I remember nothing else that occurred at that time ; he said he was jealous of Kinder, and that he loved Mrs. Kinder very dearly ; when he said he shot him, he said he put the pistol in his hand and a pipe in his mouth, and that afterwards he threw the pistol that he shot him with into the harbor ; he did not say to me that he put a card into Kinder's hand before he shot him ; I was told so, but not by Mr. Bertrand; when I remonstrated with him, he said, " You need not be so hard upon me- Kinder was going to shoot me, and had bought a gun to do so ;" he did not say from whom he had heard that ; he said that it was well planned, and if it ever came before the publie they would not believe it ; he said, " we planned it ;" he said that more than himself planned it ; we did not mention Mrs. Kinder's name in that con- versation ; about three weeks after I had another conversation with him in the dining room ; his wife was present, but she was asleep on the sofa ; she used to sleep a great deal ; I thought it was not natural sometimes ; it was more like stupor; he then entered into conver- sation about the divorce from his wife ; he used to beat his wife most brutally ; this I observed whilst staying in the house ; speaking of the divorce, I told him how wrong his conduct was ; his treatment of his wife was everything that was bad, wicked, and cruel; he attempted her life two or three times whilst I was in the house ; he said he must marry Mrs. Kinder ; he said, " I don't want to kill Jane," meaning his wife, but if I cannot get a divorce I shall get up an adultery case with some re- spectable married woman, and then Jane can sue me for a divorce ;" I asked him why he did not give up his thought of marrying that woman ; he said he could not give her up ; I said, " she must be a bad woman to be cognisant of the death of her husband, she could not make you a good wife ;" I said she must be a bad woman ; he answered, " Yes, I know she is a bad woman';" he said that was why he must marry her-because she was a wicked woman ; he said he would make a second Lucretia of her; he then paused, and, leaning over me, whispered, " Kinder did not die by the shot, we poisoned him ; he said she (pointing to his wife on the sofa) gave him the poison ; he said the poison would never be discovered, and that he had enough poison in the house to kill half the people in Sydney ; he said it was very likely that before I went to Brisbane I should see his wife's funeral ; several times he has spoken about Kinder, about seeing his ghost, and when he saw the color of liquors on the table, referred to it as blood ; at one time he said he loved Mrs. Kinder dearly, and at other times said she knew every wicked deed that could be committed, and that she was a devil's imp ; he also said she was a clever woman ; one night he attempted to murder his wife, about a month ago ; I was in the house at the time ; he had been out, and came home at about 1 o'clock in the morning; he would never allow Mrs. Bertrand a will of her own in the house ; she was very frightened of him ; speaking of some subject-I cannot remember what-Bertrand and his wife were talking, and she dared to argue with him, when he got up in a very excited state and said her time had come-that she must die ; he took up a stick with a sling at the end, called a life- preserver, and said he wanted to mea- sure the exact spot where her brain was, so that he could kill her with one blow; she said, " Don't kill me, you promised me on your word of honor that you would not kill me ;" he then raised the stick to strike, and I interfered, and pleaded that for his mother's, for the children's sake, for all their sakes, he would forbear ; he told me not to look at him or speak to him, and said, "Go out of the room, or I will brain you;" I went out of the room with fear and trembling, my tongue cleaving to the roof of my mouth ; I tried to call out, but could not ; I thought he would murder her; after I left the room he shut the door ; I managed to crawl to the top of the kitchen stairs-I was so faint ; I could not walk then ; I called for Bridget, the servant, and when she came up, I said, "Bridget, there is something dreadful happening in the parlor ;" whilst I was speaking to her the handle of the door was turned, and I got up to the first land- ing of the stairs ; whilst sitting there I heard them saying something ; my brother said, "Now, Jane, I want you to go into the surgery," and she asked what for ; he said, "I want you to write on this bit of paper that you are tired of your life, and that you poisoned yourself by your own hand ;" she said, "No, I shall not write it ;" he said, " I will make you ;" she said, " You may pour the poison down my throat, but I will not write anything ;' before the conversation began my brother had poured me out a little weak brandy and water, and whilst I was on the stairs I heard him say to Jane " Drink that," meaning the brandy and water that he had poured out for me ; he said drink it up ; she drank it ; Mrs. Bertrand then came out, and we retired to our room for the night ; Mrs. Bertrand and I slept together ; she slept with me the whole time I was there except one night ; there was then a stranger, a lady visitor, in the house; Mrs. Bertrand, when she got into the room, sat down on a chair quite exhausted, and to my astonishment fell fast asleep ; I thought it was strange she should fall fast asleep so soon aftor so exciting a scene ; it was about ten minutes after drinking the brandy and water ; on two other occasions he attempted her life; after the first conversation with my brother relative to the death of Kinder, Mrs. Bertrand asked me why I was looking so pale-what was the matter with me; I said I had heard told something by Henry that I could scarcely believe to be true ; she said, what did he say to you ? I said he told me that he shot Mr. Kinder ; I asked her, " Is that true ?" she said " Yes;" that was in the dining room; on the afternoon of the same day that my brother told me that he had shot Kinder ; she said, " You know Henry and Mrs. Kinder and I are con- stantly visiting at the North Shore, and that, on one particular morning, Henry said, "You must go over to the North Shore;" she said Henry had often threatened to kill Mr. Kinder ; in reference to shooting him, she one day, in the parlor, warned Mrs. Kinder about this, that Bertrand was going, or had threatened, to kill him ; Mrs. Kinder said, " Tell him your- self;" Mrs. Bertrand said, "No-if it was my husband that was to be shot I should tell him myself, and think I had a right to do it ;" the reply was something to that effect ; she said that Henry was in love with Mrs. Kinder, and that she (Mrs. Bertrand) and her husband were to be divorced in consequence of this; she said they were living a com- fortable life together, and were, quite reconciled to the fact of a divorce ; she being tired of the ill-treatment she had been receiving ; she then told me that, on one particular morn- ing, Bertrand told her she was to go over to the North Shore and take the baby and Sophy (the nurse girl) ; she did not wish to go over that morning, because it was raining, and the baby would get wet ; he said she must go, and they did go ; she said she noticed that when Ber- trand came to the house (Kinder's) he seemed more serious than he had been for some time, and seemed kinder to Mr. Kinder ; Mr. Ber- trand was walking up and down the room very fast ; and she noticed that he kept his gloves on and one hand in his pocket; she said, I think, shortly after, Bertrand and Kinder were talking about the business affairs of Kinder, speaking of New Zealand, and reading letters from New Zealand ; she further said that Mrs. Kinder and herself were standing at the window looking out when they heard the report of a pistol, and on turning round ,she saw Mr. Kinder sitting in a chair and a pistol drop from his hand, and saw Bertrand place a pipe in Kinder's mouth, taking the pipe from the table; Mrs. Kinder ran out of the room ; Bertrand followed her with a loaded pistol, put it to her head, and said if she did not go into the room he would blow her brains out; Mrs. Kinder came into the room ; Bertrand then took hold of Mrs. Bertrand's arm, and made her face Mr. Kinder ; she told me the blood was then flowing from the wound, and that Bertrand's fingers nearly met in the flesh, and he pinched her arm so hard that the marks were left for three weeks afterwards ; he said, " Now, look at him well," making her look, "I wish you always to see him before you ;" she said that after Kinder, was shot they made her (Mrs. Bertrand) nurse and attend upon him ; she said she was doing all she could for the sick man, to remedy the evil her husband had done ; Mrs. Kinder and Bertrand, during nearly the whole time, were acting in an improper manner- such as walking up and down the verandah with their arms round each other's waists ; some time after the shot was fired, she was looking round the room, and said she saw something lying against the wainscot, and found it to be a bullet flat- tened ; she said, Mr. Bertrand ran to me and took it from me, saying, "This is just what I wanted ;" she said she had been at- tending upon Mr. Kinder two or three days, when he was improving ; she said that Mr. Bertrand had decided that he could not let Kinder live- that he must be poisoned; she said Kinder seemed better, not so delirious and more sensible ; that Mrs. Kinder went up to him and said, "Why were you so oruel as to shoot yourself ?" he said "I did not shoot myself;'' she said subsequently that Mr. Bertrand afterwards forced her to mix the poison, and that Mrs. Kinder gave it to him : that was all that she said to me that I recollect ; I said I must leave the house after what she had told me ; she begged of me not to do so, and said if I left the house she would be murdere, as he would think she had advised me to go and tell of these things, and so I remained ; I should have left on other occasions, but my brothor would not allow me to go ; he said he would not be such a fool; when I first came there I noticed some strange marks on Mrs. Bertrand's back whilst she was dressing ; they had all the appearance of burns or scalds, and speaking of them she said, " Did you see these marks ?" I said, yes; she said, "Well, he thrashed me with her (Mrs. Kinder's) whip, and took pieces of flesh out," and she said this was because she had said something about letting the murder out. On her back and shoulders there were marks as if the flesh had been torn off, and she also had a black eye ; she told me afterwards, in Mrs. Kinder's presence, that he had stabbed her (Mrs. Bertrand) with a pen- knife, which penetrated to, the depth of the blade ; and she showed me a pair of stays that were saturated with blood ; since she made the confession about the ill-treatment, she said that Bertrand had told her to be very kind to Mr. Bellhouse, and to allow him to kiss her, if neces- sary ; this he told her at night, after Bellhouse had left ; I wished her very much to go to some magistrate and confess what she had told me ; I said, " If you do not, you will bear the blame, and very likely this woman who deserved it would get clear, whilst you might be hanged ;" she said, " No, I would never be hung, I would poison myself;" she refused to go to a magis- trate ; two or three times I have said I would go, and would bring the police to the house ; she would not allow me to go, and said that if I told it to any one, they would think me mad ; indeed, I believe that Bertrand had told Deffries that I was mad ; I told it to Deffries, and after that went to Captain M'Lerie about the case ; I often thought my brother was mad, from the way he went on ; Mrs. Bertrand on one occa- sion stated that Mrs. Kinder was staying in the house before I came from Melbourne ; she did not say how long she was staying there, but she said that whenever Mrs. Kinder was there Ber- trand always ill-treated her (Mrs. Bertrand) ; that when Mrs. Kinder was away he never at- tempted her life ; she also said that Bertrand had forced her (Mrs. Bertrand) to sleep in the same room with Mrs. Kinder and himself; he took Mrs. Kinder into Mrs. Bertrand's bed, and lay down with them both; she said that Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder had been frequently alone in bed ; one day, when they were alone after dinner, Mrs. Kinder was kneeling down tying the dress of a little boy, when she said, " You see me in very disadvantageous circumstances ;" I said, " I wonder how you dare to look at me or ad- dress me in my brother's absence ;" this was all that was said, as some one came into the room at the time ; Mrs. Kinder shortly after went away to Bathurst. In cross-examination by Mr. Roberts: I did not say to Mrs. Bertrand, " Mr. Kinder did not die by the shot-he was poisoned;" when I spoke to Mrs Bertrand, and mentioned that her husband had pointed to her and said, " She mixed it," Mrs. Bertrand got up and stamped on the floor, and said, " He's a liar ;" that was the same morning, or the morning after that Mr. Bertrand had spoken about her mixing the poison ; I have not stated this before to-day ; it escaped my recollection; previously to this Mrs. Bertrand had told me that she had mixed the poison. * * * Mrs. Bertrand mentioned to me, by way of complaint, that on one occa- sion Mrs. Kinder slept in theo same bed with Bertrand and herself ; she said that Bertrand made her lie in bed ; that Mrs. Kinder then came in and that they had improper intercourse; on another occasion she said that she would not stay in bed, and that rather than do so she took a mattress and slept on the floor ; I heard that Bertrand wanted his wife to write down on a piece of paper that she was tired of her life, and that she had taken poison ; she refused to do so ; at another time, Mrs. Bertrand told me that her husband wished her to go and buy strychnine, and that she refused to go ; Mrs. Bertrand said she would not be such a fool, and that if he wanted it he could write it down and send for it ; this was after Kinder's death, and while I was staying in the house; Bertrand often told me, at that time, that he had a great mind to murder Mrs. Bertrand, and say I had done it ; I know that Mrs. Bertrand had been to the Inspector- General's office, and given in- formation respecting this matter ; I never saw Mrs. Bertrand interfere in her husband's busi- ness as to the poisons used, and as far as I am aware she had no knowledge of poisons ; after I told her what my brother had said, I told her that she ought to tell what she knew to a magis- trate-that if she did not confess very likely the woman who ought to bear it would escape, and she (Mrs. Bertrand) would be hanged ; she said she could not be hanged-she had nothing to fear-she had done no wrong ; Mrs. Ber- trand, as well as my brother, told me that Kin- der was poisoned ; she said Henry forced her to mix the poison, and Mrs. Kinder gave it him ; she never told me for what purpose it was mixed, and that she knew for what purpose it was intended. Mary Agnes Robertson deposed : I have known Mrs. Kinder for about eighteen months, having first become acquainted with her at the North Shore, where my sister resides ; I was introduced to Mr. Bertrand before Kinder's death, but after his death I became more inti- mately acquainted with Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand; after Kinder's death I went to see Mrs. Kinder at Bertrand's house, where she was staying; about a fortnight after Kinder's death, Bertrand, in conversation, when Mrs. Kinder was present, spoke about a divorce from his wife, and about marrying Mrs. Kinder ; he spoke of this on one if not two occasions ; Mrs. Kinder was present on one occasion when I said it was very wrong, and she made no remark; but I do not think she was present on any occasion when there was a conversation with me about Kinder's death ; I called at Bertrand's house to inquire if it was true that Kinder had shot him- self ; Mrs. Bertrand was not at home, and Ber- trand told me that Kinder was sitting on a chair near the piano, and that the two ladies were at the window arranging flowers in a bonnet when he shot himself ; he also told me that he bought a pair of pistols for Kinder to fight a duel with Jackson, and that it was with one of those pistols that he shot himself ; in the next conversation he was talking about the divorce, and said that Kinder did not shoot himself ; this was in my house ; I told him I did not wish to hear anything more about the shooting of Kinder ; he said, " It is true, I did shoot him-Kinder did not shoot himself." He said he could not give up Mrs. Kinder, as he was in her power ; he said he threw the pistol into the sea, and that it was Mrs. Kinder's wish that Kindor was shot whilst Jackson was in the house, so that he might be blamed for it, on one occasion when Bertrand, Mrs. Bertrand, and Mrs. Kerr were at my house, after the con- versation I have spoken of, they remained for the night ; Mrs. Kerr retired to bed before sup- per, and Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand had supper ; whilst at supper Bertrand took out of his porte- monnaie a small card with some figures in lead pencil written on it ; threw it on the table and wished his wife to take it up ; I think the word " gaslight" was printed on, with some figures in pencil ; he desired her to look at it well ; he said, " Jane, do you hear ?" she said, " Henry, I don't, don't ;" he told her to take the card in her hand, and asked her if she recollected it ; she turned very pale, and commenced crying ; she took up the card after being told to do so several times ; he then told me to take the card and look at it ; I asked him why I was to look at it ; he said because it was "the card that Kinder had in his hand when he was shot ; we then went into the drawing-room, when he commenced raving, and falling on the floor, called out, " Helen, Helen, come and dress ;" he also said, " Jane, are you asleep ?" and called for his assistant to fetch Helen from Mrs. Macintosh's ; I do not think he was in a fit; he called out, "Bring the milk and mix the poison-I say, Helen, you gave it him-I say you are to give it to him." He said, "Don't wring your hands, he feels nothing now ;" Bertrand then complained that he was not well, having a pain in his head ; I heard of Kinder living some days, and then dying on the Friday, I think ; that day I saw Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder driving in a patent safety towards the Haymarket ; I ob- served them laughing as they drove in the cab ; I was at the house at the North Shore on the afternoon of the day that Kinder died, and was going to Kinder's when I saw them driving along the street ; I heard him say he would go next day and say he shot Kinder; I saw that Mrs. Kinder looked unwell and pale, and asked her why, or why Bertrand spoke in that manner; she told me that Bertrand would go and say so. THURSDAY, November 9. Francis Arthur Jackson deposed : I lived in New Zealand for fourteen years, and was a squatter there ; I knew Mrs. Kinder in New Zealand subsequent to her marriage, and also know Mr. Kinder ; there was an intimacy be- tween myself and Mrs. Kinder in New Zealand, and I had correspondence with her there ; the letters produced are in my handwriting, and were sent from me to her; I never gave them to Bertrand myself, and if they were found in his possession I do not know how they came there ; I saw them in Mrs. Kinder's pos- session after I had written them to her ; I had letters of hers written to me about the same time ; I did not know her before she was mar- ried to Kinder ; about half a year ago I came to Sydney, and I then went to reside with Mr. and Mrs. Kinder at the North Shore ; after three weeks this intimacy was renewed ; this is the letter with regard to which I put some ques- tions when upon my trial; I am not certain that she showed me the letter, but I read it ; it was signed "Louis" or " Your own Louis," I cannot remember distinctly; she went to Syd ney that day immediately afterwards; I wanted to ascertain whether she really cared for Bert rand ; I was not living in the house at this time, nor was I living at Bertrand's ; I asked her if she really cared for Bertrand, and she answered in a joking kind of mannerb; giving no positive answer at that time ; I resided at Kin- der's about two months ; during a conversation with Mrs. Kinder, as she saw Bertrand coming in, she said I had better go ; I said no, I thought not, and Bertrand came into the room ; I asked her, when he was there, which of the two men she preferred ; Bertrand would not speak to me at first ; he said she ought to undeceive me at once ; he asked Mrs. Kinder if she cared for him, and she bowed her head; afterwards he told me that Mrs. Kinder had cared for him a long time, and had ceased to care for me; he then went on to say he wished to remove from my mind any idea that Mrs. Kinder had cared for me from the moment she saw him, seeming to acknowledge that Mrs. Kinder had liked him from the very first tme she saw him ; he afterwards told me that there was an intimacy existing between them of the same sort that had existed between her and me-an illicit intimacy ; he told me that he liked her much better than I did, and that his intimacy had reached its climax-not speaking more directly than that ; at Bertrand's house, to which he invited me about a fortnight before the death of Kinder, Bertrand, his wife, and myself were in the din- ing-room, and the conversation turned on Mrs. Kinder, when Bertrand said in the presence of his wife that he loved Mrs. Kinder ; he was then walking up and down the room very fast, and appeared to be much excited ; he said he would do anything for her that no woman had acquired such a power over him before; Mrs. Bertrand appeared to be depressed and unhappy ; he said he looked upon Helen as his wife ; I remember Bertrand saying it was a bad thing for him that his wife was virtuous, because it gave him no way of getting rid of her ; he had given me some money to go away, and he said, " You would not like to be implicated in a charge for the murder of Kinder ;" he said if I stayed in Syd- ney I might be charged with being implicated in Kinder's murder or something of that kind ; this he said in a joking kind of manner ; this was the last night I was there, and about a fortnight before Kinder's death ; I said it was impossible, and he said there were many stranger things in the country than that, and then alluded again to my former intimacy with Mrs. Kinder ; he told me that in a year or two he would marry her ; I said it was impossible that he could be married, her husband being alive ; he replied, " all things are possible, and time will show it ;" he said Kinder was "rapidly killing himself with drink, and that if drinking did not kill him other means (or things) would." Mrs. Kinder appeared to treat it as out of the question that she should be his wife ; I heard her say that Bertrand was very fond of her and wanted to marry her, but that it was out of the question ; I did not go to Melbourne, but up the country to West Maitland, and whilst there I saw on account of the inquest ; I had been away from Sydney a few days or a week ; I then wrote the letter produced, and that was the letter I was prosecuted for sending; and for which I am now undergoing sentence. [The letter was read. It was dated West Maitland, 10th Ootober, 1865, and commenced : " I am shocked, horrified, astounded at this denouement of your plans." It continued : " I little thought when you told me not to be surprised at any- thing after my departure that it would end in this. He further said ; " I have read the evi- dence, and noticed the discrepancies in it. * * * Had the jury known one-half that I could tell them, this would ring through the whole of the civilised world. As for the accomplice and accessory, I pity as much as blame her." He goes on : " You are aware that twice in the course of your evidence you were guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury." The letter pro- ceeds : " I seem to be a sort of accessory by the mere fact of concealing what I know, and still more what I suspect. That feeling is growing stronger every hour, and will burst forth, unless you give me the means to get to some other land, where I may forget the horrors of this. I could not remain in a country where such a fearful tragedy was enacted." The writer says : " On the receipt of this send me £20, and I will get away by the Tararus, and will never return;" He says, "You think I can prove nothing, but you are mistaken." He concludes by saying, " I consider you two are now one in everything," and signs "F.A.J."] I was pro- secuted upon that as for sending a threatening letter, and am now undergoing sentence ; one of the passages in the evidence that I state in that letter to be perjury was that in which he said Kinder had no cause for jealousy against Ber- trand. Cross-examinod by Mr. Roberts: I was in the habit of drinking with Kinder in New Zealand; I used to drink hard; we used to drink to see which could stand the most liquor, and sometimes he used to see me under the table ; I used to drink with him before I knew Mrs. Kinder, and afterwards ; I had a strong regard for Mrs. Kinder soon after my acquaint- ance with her ; when I drank excessively with Kinder first my object was not to impair his health, or to get rid of him by his death, or by separation from his wife ; after my intimacy with Mrs. Kinder commenced I had an object in getting him to drink to excess -that was to get him stupid so as to afford me opportunities for interviews or intimacy -with Mrs. Kinder ; the human mind is very base ; I I was base enough for that ; by constant drinking with him I thought it would shorten his days ; it would shorten anybody's days. FRIDAY, November 10. Sophia Taylor deposed : I was nurse-girl in the employ of Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand, and used sometimes to go with them to the North Shore, to Kinder's place ; on the Monday that I heard of Kinder shooting himself I went to the North Shore with Mrs. Bertrand and the baby ; I have seen Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder up stairs in Mrs. Bertrand's bedroom when no one else was there ; Bertrand was in the arm-chair, and Mrs. Kinder was before the glass ; at the North Shore I saw Mrs. Kinder and Bertrand in Mrs. Kinder's bedroom ; I saw her come out, and Bertrand came out about a minute afterwards ; there was no one else there ; I saw them kiss- ing before Kinder's death, more than two months ; it was before Kinder's death that I saw them coming out of his room at the North Shore ; Kinder was then away at his office ; when I saw them in Bertrand's bedroom it was after Kinder's death. Thomas Buchanan, accountant in the Bank of Australasia, deposed that Kinder was perfectly sober when he orossed over to the North Shore on the day he was said to have shot himself. Sophia Taylor, recalled in cross-examination deposed that she had been in Mrs. Bertrand's service since 11th March last; she was a very kind mistress, and very fond and affectionate to her children. William Foster Dind, publican, residing about fifty yards from Kinder's house, was examined at some length. Charles F. Eichler, duly-qualified medical practitioner, was the next witness. In cross- examination he said ; I gave evidence at the inquest on the death of Kinder, and I think I then described the injuries in the same manner as I have done to-day, and that they, as I then described them, had caused death ; it is my opinion still ; I stated at the inquest, and still hold the opinion, that the wound was produced by the discharge of a pistol loaded with powder and wadding or paper ; it was of a very dangerous character ; and I had no hopes of the rocovery of deceased when I first saw him ; It is my opinion that deceased inflicted the wound him- self. Re-examined by Mr. Butler : I do not mean to say that no one else but himself could have inflicted the wound, but it is my impression that he did it ; seeing the improvement from the Monday to the Thursday, and there being no hemorrhage, I cannot mention any visible cause or matter of fact to which I can attribute his death on the Friday ; the exhaustion I per- ceived on the Monday might have been pro- duced by the hemorrhage and the first shock combined. 