S MISCELLA.N iUS. l. Aspecial general. dmeeting.of the 3eol bourne Cricket Club will b. o held, 'at Scott's Hotel, on Wednesday. afternoon next, for the purpose of considering :the advisability of retaining the services of S. Cosstick as bowler.-Arqus, April 29.. . The.Ovent. Conetitution, adds the follow ing bit of information to the biography of Morgn i-" It is stated: that: organ' father:'is an' old man;'now selling cakes with a barrowmnear. the Hay-market,'in Sydney ; and.that hise other was,asgipsy womnan it iamp mbeltlwn IIiProssBinL.-A' 'gentleman, interested in the'social progress f the ocolony,; offers .a.largoreward. to as ieorson who shall discover, anything moo? hidoous in the shape of wearing apa 1.than crinolines. Several ingenious tabr ators of feminine garments har. dilige tly applied them selves:to this purpose, ut, as yot, nothing has como ftheir abo . We think the gontleman may safely ouble the reward without fear of lo his monoy.--Ml. lbourne Pusck. Short skirts are the fashion, in the Lexington (Kentucky) High School, by unanimous vote of the young ladies. The foreign wars ofNapoleonIII, have cost France £92,000,000, and since 1851 the funded debt has increased by £175,000,000.- During the same period our fuid6d debt liss been increased by no more than £8,000,000. An Irishman dropped a letter into the Post-officeo the other day, with the follow. ing memorandum on the corner, for the benefit 'f all indolent postmasters into whose hands it might fall: "Plloase hasten the delay of this. The Gazette of yesterday contains an offer of a reward of £200, and a free pardon to an accomplice, for information which shall lead to the conviction of the person or persons guilty of sawinlg through several of the piles and diagonal bracing's of the bridge over the Ycrra at the FarIs. Cascarilla bark imparts a pleasant odour to tobacco. The scent is like musk, arid is to be preferred to the rank and bitter fumes of common tobacco. With cascarilla bark in it a pipe may be smoked in any apartment without offence. A piece as big as a pea is enough to be put In one pipe.-full.-Scientifice Amesicnan, THr CIRCULAR TREAT3ItET.-lThero is a very droll story of a doctor who went to settle in a village out west, and the first night of his arrival was sent for to attend a.sick child.. He lookdd at the little suf ferer very attentively, amid then delivered this oracular opinion, "This hyar babe's got the smull pox ;and I ain't posted up on pustules Wl musat approach/ Ise ecase by eirorlartreatmenil. You give the little cuss this draught. That'll send him into fits. Then send me. I'm a. stunner on fits."-Sala. PEInAPSrs RE WounL.-The other day a lady fell from off the IRamsgato boat into the Thames. A poor Irishman sprang overboard and rescued her. WVhen she was safe on deck again, her husband, who had been a calm spectator of the accident, handed the brave fellow a shilling. . Upon some of the bystanders expressing indignation, Pat said as he pocketed tlhe money-" Arralh, don't blame the jintleman-ho knows Iest; may be if I ladsn't saved her, he'd have given me a guinea 1" FREDERICIK PRINCE OF -WALES AND Miss ANDREWms.-Sauntering through the park lie overtakes Miss Andrews; and peeping insolently under her bonnet, lihe accosts her after the fassion of a libertine of high blood. Sho'repulses him. Con fident of success, he follows'her, and pours out royal offers at her feet; but she repels hlim with an expression of scorn which it is not possible even for him to misunderstand.. He drops behinid, and she sces' no more of him. Years pass away, and Miss Andrews, with whom meanwhile the world has been dealing hardly, is arrested for debt, and consigned to a sponging-house. Her situation is hopeless. She has no friends who can help her, anid in the bitterness of her des pair she thinks of the prince, and appeals to him for succor. Not satisfied with sending aid, he goes to the sponging. house incognaito, gives her the sum neces sary to her liberation, and is noble enough to eccompany it with expressions of seri ous interest and implicit respect. Having set her at ease, and promised further help when needful, he withdraws. They never meet again and she desires on her death. bed that her gratitude should be conveyed to him.-The Reader. ANa IMPERIAL SmNc-'n.-The conscience of strict Catholics has been greatly shock ed by. the news that the Prince Imperial's banquet to 120 school boys was given on a Friday-a day on which, accordinig to the rules of the church, no flesh should be eaten. 'It has been endeavoured to ex tenuate the serious character of this event by the remark that children under seven years of age are not required to abstain. But it is feared to. be that many. of the young Prince's guests were much older. Theo.Opinion iVationale thus treats of the matter:-' Abomination of desolation I At the Prince Imperial's lunch, to the lyceums sandwiches were served. Think of that ! Sandwiches-that is to say, slices of ham between slices of bread on a Friday, before midnight ? ' Horrible, most horrible,' as 'Macbeth says. It is in vain thatextenuatingcircumstancesarepleaded, and the question discussed whether all the boys were notunder the fasting ago. We are two scrupulous to go into these nice distinctions, and we tremble to think of the disasters which may be the conse quenco of this impiety. Unhappy Prince l Unhappy France I For the first time in our lives we regret that we are not a bishop, and so entitled to evokeo the shade of Nobuchadnezzar and Sennacherb I' A Beechworth journal revives the ques- tion which one would imagine had long been decided, as to the existence of a monstrous amphibious animal, known to the aboriginal tribes of Australia as the bunyip. It says:—"There is scarcely a doubt of the existence of the animal so mysteriously known to the natives as a bunyip, and as the following facts are perfectly authentic, we may safely pro- nounce it to be of the seal tribe. As we have freshwater turtles, and freshwater mussels, there is no reason why we should not have freshwater seals, and we quite believe they exist—although evidently very scarce—in the Murray, its lagoons, and tributaries. Some time since, the old French fisherman who brings fish into Beechworth from near Peechelba, re- ported to a professional man in this town that he had caught a strange animal in his net the size of a large dog. He said he had tied it with a rope, let it swim about in a waterhole, and given it dead fish, which it ate. The gentle- man offered him £5 to bring it into Beechwortlh, but when he returned home it had slipped the noose. His descrip- tion of the animal tallied, as nearly as he could describe it, with that of a seal. But a further confirmation of the existence of such an animal is, that several of the inhabitants of the shores of Lake Moode- emere—an immense expanse of water, with large reed beds—have not merely heard an animal on the islands, lowing at night like a calf, but have seen exactly what resembled a seal, frequently on the main shore in the very early morning. Our informant says that the veracity of one gentleman especially, who has seen it more than once, is above all suspicion, and he having seen seals at home, says it is a seal. At the slightest noise or motion it glides into the water and disappears. The animal is evidently a nocturnal one, and hence the dread and uncertain ac- counts of the blacks, as well as our own doubts as to its existence. It will be re- membered too that Captain Cadell re- ported having seen a large specimen on the Goulburn, some years ago, but it sank on his attempting to approach it. The information comes to us this time in really so complete a form that we can scarcely hesitate to believe that the animal called the Bunyip exists after all, although the specimen caught, as well as .that seen, must clearly only be calves. The older and larger ones would no doubt be more wary." At a meeting of the Executive Council, hell yesterday afternoon, Thursday next, May 4, was appointed for the execution of the sentence of deathl passed upon Joseph Brown at the last criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, for tlhp murder of Emanuel Jacobs, on March 22, at the Whittington Tavern, Bourke- street. This decision was forwarded to the governor of the gaol, and by him was at once com municated to the convict. Du. GOvTinsr oN DuAlfATICAL IrEAD INxs.-In a letter to the Edinburgh papers commending Miss Murray's read lugs of Shakespeare, Dr. Guthrie says : " If Shakespeare seems to tower so Ilgh above all mankind when his works are quietly read by our firesides, how nmuch higher does he rise in the hands of those who, with the ability to do him justice, suit the manner to the matter, the voice and action to the word?" .McCoy's LAST.-The council of a new borough, somewhere near thla Murray, having ascertained that it must provide itself with a Common Seal, wrote to Pro. fessor M'Coy requesting to be supplied with one, and has recently received a reply to the effect that lie had only one Calocephalus vitulianus, and that was in the Museum. The concil are of opinion that a thing with such a name cannot be a very common seal, and that the Pro. fessor must have misunderstood the ap plicatio:--Prunch. We take the ;ollowing from yesterday's S eelong Register:-" A lady, who was lately on a visit to the beach, west from Barwon Heads, brought ]iome, as most people do who go there, a collection of shells, pebbles, &c.;, picked up along tile shore at Spring Creek. On looking over them, casually, after bringing them to Geelong, a bit of quartz about the size of a walnut was found among the sea waifs, the same richly studded with gold. Whether the beach at Spring Creek is the native Iabital of auriferous quartz has, of course, yet to be ascertaiied. If a gold-field be discovered in that direc tion, there will, at all events, be no lack of water for washing off, so long as Bass's Straits remain open. Tile specimen is in the hands of Mr: Henry Jock, who is to be found at Messrs. Dalgety, Ibbotson and Co.'s store." We have received a copy of the Hong Kong Daily Press, of the 13th ult., but it contains no news. It has the following. extraordinary paragraph :-" Notification appears to the efiect that the Governor and Lady R. will: be happy to reccive such ladies and gentlemen as may be desi rous of bidding them farewel;. between twelve and two to-morrow. Our con temporary 'will, of course, go with an onion. Vdoe hope that lie may bo able to control his feelings, and convey to His Excellency a correct idea 'of the stuff an editor of a China paper is made of. Let him remember that he represents the press at Government-house'; that the eyes of the colony, to say nothing of the open ports, will be upon him. He must not get excited nor try to look too wise, or he will see double and create a scene. A small onion will do, and the application must be judicious."-A-grns, April 29. The following items of news occur in the letter of thie 'Argus Mauritius cor respondent,.dated Port Louis, the 2nd inst. :-" It is reported here that Sir H. Barkly has been offered the Governorship of Madras, and also that there is some probability that Mr. Felix Bedingfield,' Colonial Secretary here, may be appointed G.vernor of Hong Kong. A comet of considerable size was visible on the 28th nit., and for several days before and after that date. Letters have lately been re ceived from Madagascar, in which it. is affirmed that a portion of the cargo of the Peru, a large vessel wrecked on the coast of that island on the 22nd September last had been plundered by the Tamative traders. It is said that three traders, who visited the wreck in a small craft, ob tained sulficient cargo in three days to. load their vessel, which then left for Bourbon, where the plunder was disposed of. The writer of the above also states that ' tle natives along the coast are dressing themselves in'smlks and coburgs, and offering pieces at ridiculous prices; also that he has ' heard froni Tamatave that quantities of black watered silk, scarlet army cloth, and whitobrocades are being hawked about the place,' "-A-rgus, " On Tuesday night last, about 10 o'clock," says the Gcelong Register, " as a young woman named Hutton was return ing home to Mr.'Haxton's, inYarra street (in whose employ she was), from paying a visit to her mother, when opposite the police barracks a man suddenly came up to her with his arms extended, to stop her. She shrieked out and fell insensible to the ground. from fright. Constable Sulling, hearing the screams in the barracks, went out, and found her lying senseless on. the ?round. Her mother and sister, who accompanied her as far as the corner of Moorabool street, and were watching to see her safe round the' the corner of Yarra street, perceiving her fall and a man running, went to her assis tance. She was removed into the bar racks, and the circumstance reported to Mr. Dunning, sub.inspector of police, who sent for medical assistance. Dr.: Mackin attended her. She was carried to her mother's honse by two of the -police. She remained insensible till 2 o'clock the next morning. The man was pursued by the police, but managed to escape." Two ghost stories-the first from the Riveriir . ierald, and which will remind those who have read Washington Irving's "Sketch.Book" of thie equestrian goblin of Sleepy Hallow, and the other from. the .Ben?digo Irndrendant, the writer of whlich apparently giveSs credence to it:-" Most people have heard of that haunted spot, the Black Swamp, between Deniliquin and thie Mlurrumbidgee, round which, it is said, at the dead hour of night, a head less trooper rides a grey col at fill speed. We were. assured the other day that a party of three men camped thero lately bfor the night, were nearly scared out of their senses by the appearance in tile fill moonlight of this mnidnight visitant. O ur informant was positive that the occurrenco had taken place, and we believe hIe was sincere in his belief, as to the ap proaches of the apnparition." Nos for the Indejrndant a contribution to legendary history:-"' Who shall say there is no truthl in animal magnetism, or special electricity, or call it what youwill, when cases like the following present themselves from time to time to our notice? We gave a brief account thie other day of the accidental death by drowning of Mr. Boest, and we hIave been: since told 'thlat Mrs. Bafiltdistinctly saw the fighrro, or double, of her husband. at her bedside the evening before hIris death was supposed to have taken place, wishing her farewell, and telling her ho was about to depart this lifo. Many ofus'must be able to recal instances of 'poeble we imaginod, to; be far distant appoarng 'before'us while we were talking about them, and it:is..tho opinion of many:sensible men that: soro magnetio agency causes our thoughts to run in the chiannel which brings about throse mysterious concidences as thiiy are termed,' Some little excitement has beedn oern sioned by the seeming probabillity tlet some of the passengers. or crew of tl:. ill-fated J. E. H. might hare suecedcd iI reaching the isla'nd of Ronrontau, anlt awaiting the arrival of some friend,, vessel. The captain of the Chillan barque Rlumena, which lately arrived at FPoe Chalmers from Tome, reported that.on tl.c 23rd January, the Rumena was off 1 , island of Ronrontau, near the Austr:l group, in long. 1520 3' W., and lIt. 220 13' S. The crew of the Rumena were surprised to see numerous fir,:, lighted on shore, as if to attract their attention, as it was thought the island w:.s uninhabited. The wind was calm at the time, and the ship drifting in a strong current which carried her past the island. It was noticed that the fires were carried to different parts of the island as the ship piassed on ; and this created the suppost tion that they were caused by parties wlho had sitflered shipwreck and were anxiout to attract attention. The agents of tli. J. E. H., Messrs WTVoodville Jnrret aind Co., however, state that the island oft Ronrontau is inhabited; that the natives are in constant communication with Tahiti; and that they frequently light fires in order to attract passing vessels to trade with them, The agents have given up the J. E. H., irrecoverably lost, and attach no importance to the circumstance above described. Weo hare klydnely -papers to tlloe Ztli. The local news is very meagre. In re ference to the surrender of Burke, the bushranger, tie correspondent of the Jathurst Tne sas says :-" I have .Lgreat pleasure in informing your readers, that this young desperado, who, in company with two others, has latterly been levying black mail in the Carcoar district, was delivered up to the authorities on Tuesday last, by the 1Rev D. M'Guinn. The fol lowing particulars respecting the sur render may be relied upon :-Father M'Guinn, it appears, had occasion to visit the Tuena goldlield last week, and being informed that Burke and party had 'been in that quarter, he used every effort to come in contact with them, and persuade them to desist from the lawless career they were entering upon. He met young Burke on the Abercrombie Mountains, andafter-s-ividly .piiiting, with 'true Christian earnestness, the guilt and horror of a highway-man's life, succeeded in pr, - vailing on him to surrender, ahd throw himself on the mercy of the law.' He then accompanied the rev. gentleman to theoLong Swamp, wherd they remained for the night, and next day (Tuesday last) proceeded on to Carconr, when the un fortunate-or perhaps fortunate-youth was formally handed over to' the care of the officer of police here, Mr. Sub:inspec tor Roberts. It will he recollected that this is the second bnshranger' whom Father M'G.uinn has, by his intermedia. tion, induced to desist fromn his evil course having given up Dunleavy some few months ago to Superintendent Lydiard, in Bathurst. The colony must 'owe a great debt of gratitude to the rev. gentle man for thus protecting the public from the depredations of these characteri. It is not improbable, if what I' hearbe Irue, that some of Ben Hall's gang may yet surrender themselves to justice, were giarantee given that the extreme penalt of the law would not be carried in effect." 