LAYING THE FOUNDATION-STONE OF .I'HRisrnHrrpntr MinraT aiMRfRR IFrom the Border Watch. February 25.1 ine interesting ceremony ot laying tne ioun dation-stone of Christchurch, Mount Gambier, took place on Tuesday afternoon, in presence of tho ImiiJini/'mpmTipr* nf t.h(« (Ihiirph nf Knsrlnnr]. and a very large number ot spectators, ine Xioru Bishop of Adelaide read the *' Office for Laying the Foundation-stone of a Church or Chapel,'' and at the proper place in the service Master L. G.. Browne, Moorak, with the assistance of the builders, laid the stone 'in the name of God the Father, God the son, and God the Holy Ghost.' After the conclusion of the service Master Browne gave the following address:— My Friends and Neighbours— At the iequest of the Church Com mittee, with the approval of. my father, I have performed the duty of laymg the foundation-stone of this Church, i feel it to have been a great honour conferred upon me, and a great privilege : and I trust that, with all those rising to manhood whom I have been chosen to represent oil this occasion, 1 may ever remember this day. It im presses on us all the main duty of life, to promote the glory of God, and the advancement of the - Church of Christ Caytain Lyon, addressing Master Browne, said he had been commissioned by the Committee of the Church to present him with a silver trowel, which was to have been used in the day's cere mony, but through some oversight it had not arrived. However, he held a drawing of it in his hand, with the inscription, aud in the name of the Committee he begged Master Browne's acceptance of it when it came. Mr. Browne returned thanks for his son. In the cavity underneath the foundation-stone a bottle containing a scroll with the following in scription was deposited:— 'The foundation-stone of Christchurch was laid on Tuesday, February 21, A.D. 1865, by Leonard Gilbert Browne, son of William James Browne, Esq., of Moorak. Trus tees—William James Browne, James Carisbrook Lyon, Charles George Doughty, Thomas Allen Wells, Henry Edmund Wells. Architect-William Thomas Gore. Incumbent Minister— liev. Richard William Needhain. The Right Reverend Augustus Short, the Lord Bishop. The Bishop, in the course of a very appropriate address, said that he felt deeply gratified at the commencement of a church which he had so long desired to see begun. On his first visit many years ago be had preached in the verandah of the little wooden inn. The day of small things should not be despised. It had led to the present ceremony. To some it seemed slew in coming; but the Church of England, after more than twelve cen turies of existence, had bod to act upon the volun tary principle. He had come among them at a moment of excitement, but they were met there on a mission of peace and goodwill. In planting this church let the duty ever be borne* in mind ' of speaking the truth in love.' He would make no comparisons, he hail to thank both the Wes leyau and Presbyterian bodies for their courtesy in putting their places of worship at his disposal. All present, however, would pardon a little enthu siasm ou hLs part on such aa occasion for tne dear 'old Church,' over a part of which in this colony Providence had set him as chief pastor. In. his conscience he believed it to be scriptural iu doctrine, primitive iu order, catholic in spirit, moderate in tone. The Anglican Reforma tion was made, not against the powers that be, but with it. Our reformers were able to do their work more calmly. Tiiey strove to remove only that in the national Church which ha* I been superadded to the Catholic faith, or ceremonies which had been abused to superstition. Our Reformation was in fact a return to the primitive and apostolic Church. Hence members of other bodies loved its worship next best to their own, an l frequently attended, as he often saw in his tours. Moreover here, if not connected with the State, neither was it trammelled by it. They enjoyed the same free dom, wiibiu the limits ? f law, as' other bodies. He hoped the work now begun would be carried on steadily to completion, perhaps not before he left for a visit to England; but the duty to which Pro vidence had called him bound him to South Aus tralia, and if God permitted him to go and to reinrn in safety, he hoped to see the church, so tasteful in its design, happily completed. He wished that they might all prosper in their tem poral aliiiirs, ' eren as their souls prospered ;' aud that God's blessing would rest on the ministry of those in connection with that building, to which he hoped they would all contribute according to then ability. 