tISCELLAN;EOUS. HEB AJEBTaT'S HloMos.-Perhape the best horses in the possession of her Majesty are the dappled grey pones seed for the Highland excursions of herself and family; and spparently the Princee of Wales has taken up the taste, as we fi0 him driving the same class of grey cobs-models of their kind. There are certain horses in the royal stud, however, which are unique; for instance, the cream-coloured horses which are em ployed on State occasions by the sonereign. These animals, first introduced by the Hanoverian kings, are a special product of Hanover and the adjacent countries. Tho breed is kept up most religiously in this countryast the Hampton Court establishment. These horses look small oin contrast to the e'et eilt coach they draw. 'but in reality they are tall, scarcely one of them being less than 16 Iands, and they are proportionably strong, as the State harness for each horse, with all its furniture, does not weigh less than two hundred-weight. These Hanoverians are, in fact, the last representatives of' the old Flemish horses, once so fashionable. They are slow and pompous in their action, as befits horses des tined to serve royalty on State occasions. Some of them, still in use, are upwards of twenty years old; but they take life easily, airing themselves in the hiding schools in the mornings, and onee a year or so doing the heavy work of taking the old gilded coach with its august burden from Buekingham Psalace 'to the Houses of Parliament and back, and then relapsing for a twelve month into lazines and oats. The preparation of the royal equipage for a grand State occasion is a real sight. The tail ofalt the royal eteeds being properly adjhsted (why should not horses, like their mistresses, wear false hair P) they are with some little trouble harnessed; for many of them are entire animals, and their mode of life inclines them to wax fat and kick aqainst the pricks. And now comes the important operation of emounting the state coachman on his box. This is by no means done with a spring and ajump; on the contrary, it is a very solemn and laborious affair. There must be no haste, no jerking, otherwise the magnificent posy in his button-hole will be displieed, and all the powder shaken .out of the prim curls in his perinig. A ladder is pro cured, and he mounts to his seat at the top of the large vehicle, and there he sitse, a.perfect" bright poker" of a coachman-the postilions being eally in commasid of the animals, in conjunction with .tZl state grooms .who walk beside thet-. It,~oul d certainly be a ecrious thing to estimate the sost of these annual promenades, aos far as hore-flesh is concerned; what their keep, and exercising coines to-the'whole stud, we mean, out of which the eight ale selected for the two hours' annual work. Certinly that short jaunt must cost somethinsg like £1000 an hour. At the Hampton Gourtestablish ment all the Arabs and other horses presented by East ern princes to her Majesty are kept. It isreillyalmost as expensive as presenting elephants to the sovereign to send hersthesae noble breeds; it is not etiquette even to gire them away, and they ar never put to any use, or Iilled when getting old. Theirs is a true life of ease they are served by the inost experienced grooms, hare every want attended to, and live on in the full enjoy ment of life until they are called away to that bouromse from whibch no quadruped returns.-OOnce a Week. Ac INosFxy IN run Len OF at juraneCac DIPocrasl.-Mr. Watson Webb, the American Minister at Rio, whose extraordinary despatch on the Florida affair was publilshed recently, was formerly editor of the New York Ceourier and InRgairer. " Among several notorious adventures," says the Eexainer, "was a conflict in the street, begun 'y himself with Mr. Bennett, of the Ner "York Herald. From the aecbunt of the battle, as told 'by Mr. Bennett, we extract one passage :t-' It was about half-past two o'clock-the sun was shining brilliantly-the sky was clear; and no doubt the angels and spirits in heaven were looking down through the azsre sky, to witness how brutal bow madhow villainoaus-how cowardly-how ruf fanly it was possible for one man in New York to make himself. As soon asI (Bennett) found mytelfattacked, I turned upon him (Webb). His eoperior 'persnal strength, which GOd Aiighity in 'Hie wisdom has given him for some insacrutable purpose, was altogether too powerful for me to contend with. The great crowd of rokers and others who collected around cried onut, ' Shoot him, Bennett;' ' Shoot the d----d raecal he deserves it;' 'Shoot him down.' I wish l had Jsad with me my good pistols, which I kept loaded in' my oce. After a seufle we were separated by the erowd. Mgy damage is a scratch, about three-quarters of- an inch in length, on the third finger of the left iand,: which I received from the iron railing I was foroed against, and three buttons torn frommay vest, whichmy, tailor will reinstate for six osnts. BHisloss is a tent from top to bottom of a very beautiful blaek coat, which cost the rutfan forty dollars, and a blow on the face, which may have knocked down his throat some of his infernal teeth, for anything I know. Balance in my favour, thirty-nine dollars ninety-fourcents. Hereafter I ahall be obliged to carry weapons to defend myper son, and if he getakillad in the street, his blood be ??pn hie oawn head. Ont of pity to the poor maniaeoI'rslll to-day make an application to the Commissionnes of Belleroe Aeylum, and humanely request Mr. Sohn Targee, the worthy head of that establishment, to 'take himn into custody, to give him good lodging,to teat him kindly, and by all means to have his headieorn, and every bit of his whiskers shaved off. With the help of Heaven and tropical bathings, Imay berthe means of restoring poor Webb to his long-lost senses may Heaven grant it! Amen."' A Elan AnnoBaes. xer.Daniel O'Shaughneosy, six weeks in "Ameriky," thus writes to his sweetheart in Ireland-" Bridget, darlint, come across to met it's meself is doing a nate bisoness with a son of Father Malone's; sure it's with his brother I mane. He keeps a whiskey store an I does the waiten. He tould me the other evening that hie had no money, and I tould him that I would take part of the shtook every Saturday as wages. 'But,' says he, 'aure, Dan, if I pay you that way I'll soon have no shtooek at all left, and you'll bahe it alL' Says I to him, psye I, 'sure you can work for me then, and earn it back again, and so we can keep it up, and be masters month in and month out, and wages will come sisy to both of usn.'" The celebrated speech of Sir Boyle ochae-" Mr. Speaker, I smell a rat; I see him floaeting in the air; but, mark me, I shall yet nip him in the bud !"-was evidently the model upon which a writer in a KEaess paper remarks upon the result of a recent election. He says that "the fall of corruption has been dispelled, eand the wheels of the State Government will no longer be trammelled by sharks that have beset the publio pma peritv like locnete." Gon AD?neC.--If the body is tired, rests if the brain is tired, sleep. If the bowels are loose, lie down in a warm bed and remain there, and eat nothing until you are well. If an action of the bowels does not occur at the usual hour, eat not an atom until they do act, at least for thirty-six hours; meanwhile drink largely of cold water or hot ten, exercise inc the open air to the extent ofa gentle perspiration, and keepthis up until things are righted. This one suggeetion, if practised, would save myriads of lives every year, both in the city and country. Thle best medidines in the world are warmthl, abstinence, and repose.-Joural qf HealshI. TnE WEDDsnG R nGo.-Mr. Msssingberd, in his recent "Lectures on the Prayer-book," thus aecounts for'the connection between the wedding-ring and' the I bride's fourth finger --'Acording to the old service books the practice was for the man to place the ring first on the tip of the thumb, reckoned as the first finger, saying, 'In the name of the Father;' then on the second finger, saying, 'and of the Son;' then on that of the third finger, saying, 'and of the Holy Ghost;' and so finally on the foerth with the word, 'Amen;'" and so it remained on the fourth, where it does and will remain on all properly married ladies; and thus the custom is accounted for.-Public Opinion. LrIEx AND DEans aax.--Mc. . Cotton (Writes Mr. H. W. Lord, reporting the evidence which, as assistant-commissioner, he has been collecting for the Children's Employment Commission), when first hand at a court dressmaker's, was several times asked by ladies late on Saturday night to let them have a dress home the first thing on Monday mnorning, and has taken orders at tea-time, 4 p.m., for a ball dress to be sent home that same night, "any time before twelve would do." "I remember," says another first hand, " a dress ordered at twelve, fitted on at 6 p.m., finished the same night, and sent home the first thing next day. The lady who ordered it said, 'I suppose you work till eleven, and begin at six in the morning.' She did not coro how long we worked." "Women are the slave drivers," said, of course, a male employer to me. "A lady ordered a dress last season, and was told that they neut sit up all night to make it. All sole said was, ' I hope it will fit.' The girls were so vexed." In another instance a jacket was ordered in the afternoon, to be worn at a meeting of "some Early Closing Assoeiation" at 2 p.m. the next day, so elaborate in its trimming as to involve thle exclusive attention of several hands till past midnight. This reads almost like an invention, but it was mentionead to me with some bitterness by the person who had tbhe order. Many of such eases, no doubt, are attributable to want of thought rather than want of feeling; mnny to pure ignoranee; but the titled lady, who sent three times before morning service on Sunday, for a dinner-dress, mest have had a limited wardrobe, and not much regard for the observance of the day of the rest. 