OUR LONDON LETTER. MAY 26TH. vr tfiince the battle of Waterloo has there t * 1 icntful amoutbas that concluded about i e , en .f -„M ? Co The capture of Richmond RfortD,ght ago. Davia fled. ff^n followed the example of Lee and J tt t"™B Witb the everywhere victorious PSB. Every mail brought us momentous [Generals had been captured or had "nmMdered; townB were returning to their altn,TeBfl Confederate soldiers were returning ' bone by hundreds and giving S Jives by thousands Four m>l..ous f hhckfl had become, not only legally, but fn.llv free The States, which ill-wishers * Kneland had sneered at as the dis-United ^tates were again United. The "bubble" X Lori Echo declared had burst tad given proof of greater tenacity and elasticity than ever. Democracy which Clemen saw to be on its trial had come ™t of tbe contest in complete triumph. The Government of a people, for tbe people, by the neonle, which even sympathisers had feared to be deficient in power of adhesion and in strength had shown that it was equally powerful with autocracy itself to defend its own existence; while the Government of the Southern States whose whole and sole difference between itself and that of the North lay in the assumption that it was right for six millions of whites to keep in slavery four millions of blacks; which seceded from what its own vice President Stevens declared—I am quoting from his fully reported speech delivered January, 1861, just before the uut break of the war, to be tbe "best and freeest government,tlie most equal in its rights, the most just in its decisions, the most lenient in its measures aud the most inspiring in its principles to elevate the race of men, that the gun of Heaven ever shown upon," siflWy because the North wished to prevent the extension of slavery into the new territories of the nation, while this government, I say, had beea utterly and entirely destroyed, its leaders lngitiveson tbe face of the earth, to be pitied perhaps for their misfortunes but to be handed down to all posterity as the last men who fought, and gallantly no doubt, to perpetuate what John Stuart Mill while speaking of ordinary tyranny as " despotism militant" calls fittingly "despotism triumphaut." Then in the midst of our joy at the downfall of the slaveholders' rebellion came the news of the assassination of Lincoln. The telegram reachcd England on the day my last letter was written, but there was barely anything known beyond the sad fact of the murder. On that day business throughout London was generally suspended. Everyone had been so familiar with his name that he seemed to most as a personal friend. He had won for himself the respect even of his enemies aud for a considerable time in England the majority of men had learned to look with admiration on tbe nil splitter who had been placed among the sovereigns of the earth by his own ability, who had never allowed himself to be provoked Into a display of ill feeling even towards his enemies and who in spite of the scurrulous jests of Punch andtbe foul abuse of tbe ultra tory press had never allowed himself to utter one wordofillfeelingtowards England. Tlieleading thinkers of England recognized in him throughout the conduct of the war a man fitted every way for his office, a true middle class leader of s middle class republic, one who was the fair representative of the people who had clectcd him, not advancing far before tbe national opinion justified him, nor yet waiting to be dricen. In religion a puritan, with all the deep religions earnestness of the new lingland fathers, capable of writing a state paper worthy to be placed side by side by side with Milton's for sti- aightforwardness, religious feeling and sincerity, a man slow to act, and doing nothing rashly, but who having -resolved " put his foot down," and never drew it back; one who, to use another of his favorite phrases, "kept pegging away," through good and evil report alike until he lud accomplished his purpose. America has produced no nobler man, nor the English race " better representative than honest Abraham Lincoln. Tbe sorrow in England has been uuiversal. On the receipt of the telegram, tbe niembers who happened to be present at the Wednesday's sitting at the House of Com mow, iuBtantly wrote and signed au address of condolence to the American nation. Both Houses of Parliament agreed unanimously to asimilar address a day or two later, and Sir beorge Grey announced that immediately on the receipt of the news, Her Majesty, a widow, had written a letter of coudolcuce at once to Mrs Lincoln, also a widow. The innce Consort was a decided sympathiser with the North, and it is generally said that w thiB as in so many other matters, Her Jlajesty s sympathies lie in the same direction, ' tee is hardly a Corporation in the United aiiigaom which has not passed resolutions sympathysing not only with tbe loss which America has suffered but with tbe cause of tbe l , n London themeetiugs which have been neialiavebeen most euthusistic. Converted partly pertiapsby the success of theNortli,partly by the . ct of tbe South, and partly too by the assassination which is the last outburst of ^'esprnt, there can hardly be said to be a aonthern party in England. That there »™£? Uted a Btron S P art y in England whose empathies were altogether for the North, I maintained in these letters; uay, inatbir Qeorge Grey's statement in tbe House oiUmmoM that nhe majority" of tbe Engh.lR^r 0 rided with the Federals against h 1 h f Webcen ZT? thro u 8bout all classes were so en- Z f e T t 0 f the cau8e of liberty I must Lkcnlnvl 8US P ect The assassination of it haa nnn ^ *i, this R ood effe <*. *bat VZT / * heae , tnen to come prominently tion tn tv, the mo8t ^"n'lete contradic- reoresJ h l> noti ™ the Times' is the «presenutive rf public opinion. At a meetm dS„ Ud l k ® t , WCek > tbe Duke of Argyll tWW Dg «*?> ^le cause of the war was tbat elected in *OUMT% i. opponent, soleiy because he to extend into the t Union, that the North had «>ciMtiol 8 i aVery 1 ueatio » i" the most con- Sffij"* f*igbtforward manner, that titt P V tth8 v North WMth « extinction ^ the world, stated m belief tbat slavery itself was infinitly worse then ever it had been described or could be described. At the same meeting besides many members of Parliament, and leading literary men who were present, letters were read from the Archbishop of Canterbury and the bishop of Oxford regretting that they were unable to be present but declaring that they were in spirit; from Dr Livingstone who had not at the outset believed that the North was sincere in its opposition to slavery but who had seen abundant reason to change his opinion since his return to England. Ooldwin Smith declares the contest to have been one between a higher civilization and a lower. Professor Fawcett thinks it will have done more to advance the cause of liberty in Europe than any event which has yet transpired. Dr Temple, the master of Rugby,writes to the 'Daily News' to say that " throughout tbe war he has watched the institutions of the United States —a great and glorious country—with the deepest interest, aud his sympathies with the cause of the North, the cause of liberty, have never wavered." At the May meetings, everywhere expression was given to sympathy with the Federals, and satisfaction that the South-! erners had not been successful in their endeavors " to establish an empire on tbe stone, which (as Mr Vice President Stevens truly said) all other constitution builders had rejected," but which they proposed to make the chief stone of their corner; the stone so described being slavery—the right that is in their case of six millions of white to keep in perpetual bondage four millions of blacks. The Congregational Union was almost beside itself with satisfaction at the termination of Slavery, and as one of the speakers said in allusion to tbe remarks of Lord Derby, who throughout the war has been a most violent i supporter of the Confederacy, tbe congregational pastora would show what power they : possessed it any ministry dared to do anything that would lead to war between the two countries. i Wilkes Booth, the murderer, was, of course, I a Southerner, and personally was responsible ' for his own crime. He has died a death . which, as the ' Times' regretted, was far too j good for biin, and he may safely be left to pass , down to the execration of posterity. But ; while he committed the deed bis cause is ; responsible for it. The South assassinated ! Lincoln. I am not unjust in saying this. Let j this one fact be recalled to mind. When Senator Sumner delivered his speech against slavery, after he had sat down at his desk, | Southern Senator Brookes stole up to the fine j old man, and struck him with all his force I with a leaded whip on his skull, and "left I him for dead" on the floor of the Senate | house. How did this would-be assassin j fare in tbe South 1 He was everywhere ! feted, welcomed, cheered, and made hero of. Such is the spirit which slavery engenders. General Lee could not have given bis sanction to such au act because he is a soldier and a gentleman, but while he together with other Confederate geneials instantly repudiated the act, it is to say the least, remarkable tbat Jefferson Davis has not uttered a word on the subject. But the spirit of the " chilvarous" South, whose chivalry consisted in sending women to the whipping block and breeding them for the purpose of prostitution, a spirit which applauded Brooks, which caused the Confederate soldiers to treat their Northern prisoners iu such a fashion as no nation iu modern times, nay not even the Sepoys in India, has treated its prisoners, which massacred by roasting and otherwise, all tbe black soldiers who had snrendcred at Fort Pillow, which attempted to burn York, committed robbery in Vermont from Canada, and did its best to drag England into war, this was the spirit which urged Uootli and his numerous fellow conspirators to the perpetration of their crime. The new President, Andrew Johnson, has distinctly declared that lie has evidence to prove that Jefferson Davis gave bis sanction to the crime. Unlikely as it would appear that Davis sjould be so foolish, as to sanction anything of the kinc 1 , it is still more unlikely that Johnson would publicly announce that he has satisfactory evidence against him. When Davis was last heard of before bis capture he was attempting to escape with the spoils of tlie liichtuoud bauks, to which he was of course no more entitled than any. other inhabitant of lticbmond. But, sic semper tyrannis, which the tinsell hero of the assassination, for the sake of stage glory, is said to have pronounced after the mmder of Linclon, may fairly be retorted against Davis making off with his booty. Abraham Lincoln had done his work. He bad put down the rebellion. He bad conciliated all parties in the Union. He had won the respect of Europe. He had never been goaded into an expression of ill feeling towards this country. Like Wellington be had lived calumny down. His policy, while firmness itself when he had put his foot down, was uevcr marked by anything like despotism or cruelty. Nay, in kindness of heart he bordered even on weakness. It is asserted that the desertions from the army might have been materially lessened had be not refused to sign the death warrants of the deserters, refusing as he said to make more sad hearts than there already were in the country. He had religiously fulfilled bis work. The flag which slaveholders four years before had pulled from Fort Sumter he bad lived to see liberated slaves plant again. The National life, dear t) Americans as to Englishmen; for which we should fight to the death; he had seen attacked, for two years iu danger, but finally placed in greater safety than ever inasmuch as the huge cancer of slavery which had threatened it from the days of Washington bad been cut out by the firm band of war. Personally, therefore, Lincoln had every reason to be satisfied. On tbe very day previous to his deith the telegrams report him as " having spoken kiudly of Lee." His first thought after ls.iving beaten his enemy in fair fight was to feed him, to receive him again iuto the Union on an equal footing with the Northerners. In the midst of his kind intentions came the murderer's pistol, and Abraham Lincoln became a mnrlyr. And then when tbe deed was done,we iuEnglaud watched anxiously to see how democracy would stand this new shock. Would there be disorder iu the states 1 The answer soon came. All was quiet. The successor by law quietly took his place, just as, had the plot succeeded in its entirety, and Stanton, Grant, and all the other members of the Government had been murdered, the man appointed next in the constitution would have come to the front, and after him the next and 1; the next, in long succession like the ghosts in ' Macbeth. For in America it is not (as Louis Blanc has observed) " Le roi est mort, Vive le roi," but the head is dead, long live the people. All the English newspapers had leaders on the assassination, sympathising with the North iu their distress. Addresses on the subject were delivered everywhere throughout the country. The best I have seen was given in Boston by Ralph Waldo Emeraon. The Confederate Cotton Loan (£100) instantly fell to 8 or 9, and is now unsaleable at that. The Empress of France followed the example of Her Majesty. Tli6 Italian Chambers were hung in black; and the members passed resolutions sympathising with America in her loss, and in her struggle against slavery. Among the best of the many recantations which have appeared during the mouth, evidencing that the overwhelming evidence in favour of the cause of the North has told at last, are the following lines, part of a noble tribute to Abraham Lincoln by 'Punch':— "llju Iny a wreath on murdered Lincoln's bier, You, who with mocking pencil wout to trace, Broad for the self complacent British sneer His length of sb&uibliug; limb, his furrowed face. His paunt, gn -..led hands, his unkempt bristling hair, Ilis pnrb uncouth, hit bearing ill at ease, J Ui6 lack of all we prize AS debonair Of power or will to sbiue, of url to please. You, whose smart pen backei up the pencil's lauph, Judging each step, as though the way were plain, liccklcse, so it could point its paragraph, Of chief's perplexity, or people's pain. Besides this corpse, tbat bears for windiug-sheet The S'ars and Stripes lie lived to rear anew, Between tlie mourners at ins head and feet, Say. scurril jester, is there room for you 1 Yes, lie bad lived to sliainc me frnru my sneer, To lame my pencil, and confute my pen — To make me own this hind, of princes peer, This rail-splitter a true Uoru king of men, My shallow judgment I hail learnt to rue, Noting bo* to omagra's height lie rose How liis quaint wit made home-truth seem mere true, How, iron-like, his temper grew by blows. Tbe words of merey were upon his lips ; Forgiveness in bis heart uirl on hi* pen, When this vile murderer brnupht swift eclipse To thoughts ol peace on earth, good will to men. The Old World and tbe New, from sea to sea Utter one voice of sympathy and stnme 1 Sore heart, so slopped u lu-n it at last beat high, Sad life, cut shortjurt us its triumph came. A deed accurst 1 Strokes have beea struck before By the nisiiFsin'a baud, whereof men doubt, If more ol horror or disgrace tb^y bore; Uut thy ioul crime, like Giin'e, stands darkly Vile hand, that lirnndest mur 'or on a strife, Whatever its grouuda, scoutly uml nobly striven; And wiih the martyr's crown, ero'^nest a life With much to praise, little to be forgiven !" The successor of Lincoln is Andrew Johnson, a man who is said to have been as drunk on the day of Mr Lincoln's inauguration, as Mr Pitt wa? on a grand debate ii> the opening of the century, or as a distinguished living peer is said to have been on one of the greatest debates on the Reform Hill. It has been seated, and this is more to the point, that Johnson's intoxication was caused more by medicine which he had taken than by spirits, and those who have heen for years his fellow members, declare that they never heard drunkenness alleged airainst him. He, like Lincoln has risen entirely by his own merits. At seventeen he napprentice to a tailor and unable to write, liorn in the Smith he belonged to that race of "white trash" of whom Mrs H. 15\. Stowe has told us, a race too poor to buy slaves, and dnouteil to poverty on account of ths presence of a system which always destroys the dignity of labour, by causing it to be despised. During one portion of the thirty years he lias been before the public, he was a pro-slavery man. but at a loss to himself of pusiiion, he became an abolitionist or rather a free soil ;r, and just before the outbreak of the rebellion was amongst tbe most determined opponents of Jefferson Davis in the House of Representatives. In reference to slavery, Johnson goes further than did Lincoln. The late president was elected by the free soil party, which differed from the abolition party in this, that the latter were prepared to abolish slavery through out the States, while the former were content to allow it to exist in tbe States, where it existed by law, but to circumscribe it and to prevent its extension into the unsettled territories of the Union. Hence Lincoln refused to issue his emancipation proclamation until be had power given into his hands by the Confederates themselves. Slavery he could not touch, until a state of war allowed him to issue his celebrated proclamation as a war measure. That he was glad of the opportunity of issuing it he lias himself told us, and tbat lie would never have retracted it is certain, had he even had the chance. Hut the declaration of freedom once issued could nevir be recalled. The negroes fought the battles of tbe North, and Andrew Johnson has determined, it is said, to maintain a standing army, of which two-tliirds shall consist of negroes—the surest guarantee against slavery that could be devised. All Europe has watched the four years struggle. The great bulk of tbe English people, all indeed who were not under aristocratic influence, have sympathised deeply with the cause of liberty. Tbe free people of the continent have regarded the struggle as their own. Garibaldi has given bis heartiest sympathy and only a week ago has written to the Euglish people urging them not to allow anything to cause ill-feeling between tlicin. " May these lords of the ocean, says he, agree then for the good of oppressed humanity! Sons of tbe snme mother, may they sec that their noble race is now-a-days the bulwark of tbe rights of nations, and that despotism foments dissensions between them, because it fears them, and because it kuows that if they were on good terms it would be impossible for it to execute its designs, which are fatal to liberty everywhere." Now that the most gigantic conspiracy against *be rights of man that was ever conceived, has been utterly crushed, that slavery has become doomed in every part of the world; that the English republic on the Atlantic has shewn that even with war and armies, the power of a people is greater than that of a depotism, that it has been decided in fair fight that the whole of the North American Continent shall be free, we may hope to see England and her gigantic offspring on the most friendly terms. Let it never be lost sight of that when the slaveholders had power — that is the thirty years preceding secession—no amount of bullying was too great towards England, that Lincoln and Lincoln's party have never given utterance to any except the most amicable sentiments towards us, and that the old puritanical, mission sending, freedom loving, and slavery haling Yankee states have always been friendly to England, and have always been a perfect rellectiou of our own middle class. Unfortunately most of our impressions regarding America have been gained via New York, the most rowdy city in the Country and one which voted solidly against the election of Lincoln aud his party. The thirty millions of Americans form what Disraeli has justly called "a territorial demo cracy." A mob, in our English sense of the word, does not exist out of the large cities. The great states of the North West are being rapidly filled with small freeholders, and the Homestead Act" which offers to every einigrMit ICO acres of land, is doing tnucli, I am sorry to say, to dircct the best class of emigrants froui the shores of our own colonies. The population is increasing at about the rate of a million annually, so that in future years there is every reason to believe tbat the greatest glory of England will be that she has given birth to the greatest nation of freemen that the world has seen. In Europe we are now practically the only free nation loTt, and as such are hailed heartily by those under despotisms. Garibaldi therefore has reason to hope that nothing Bball cause dissension between us. Probably no sight could be more gratifying to the tyrants of the world than to see the only two free peoples of the earth, one in religion, race, literature, aims, thought, and language; boasting the same glorious historical deeds of their common ancestors, deriving their liberties from the same source, having the same notions of the supreme importance of individual freedom, and ready alike to sacrifice their lives for liberty, turning their gigantic powers against each other: while on the other band every freeman throughout the world would rejoice to see the two pioneers of liberty fighting side by side, and acting at once from their common instincts, and the knowledge that Wood is thicker than water, prepared t3 oppose tyranny wherever it exists and united to form ail invincible front against which despotism might dash itself but only to hasten its own destruction. It seems to be generally understood that we shall have a general election in July. Disraeli has issued his address, and dozens are now following his example. Great efforts are being made to defeat Gladstone's election for Oxford, and I am afraid they will be successful. Glasgow, South Lancashire, and other important constituencies have offeted him a seat, but be is determined tot contest Oxford. His speech last year on the extension of the franchise has, of course, offended the Tories, and those wonderful specimens who are labelled in Dodd as Conservative Liberals. A great movement has commenced in favor of reform, and a League has been formed for the agitation of the question. In the House we have had the most wonderful speeches on the subject from men who have been suddenly converted by the prcspect of the approaching election. Mr Loive,|\vlio always speaks authoritatively on Australia, tells us that there the franchise is so low that the majority of men will not stoop to pick it out of the gutter. The present Parliament, at its birth, seemed anxious about reform, but other matters, and especially the American war, have caused it to be lost sight of. Indeed the Radical niembers have been silent oil the question simply because, as I heard Mr Taylor, the member for Leicester, say, Uicy would never consent to do anything during the war which would turn out the present Government, The great obstacle at present to the introduction of a lleform Bill is Lord r.ilmerston. Should he retire, Mr Gladstone, it is understood, will be prime minister. In prospect of a new parliament the debates ill the Houses have not been very animated. The most important measure introduced is tbat which passes under the not very inviting name of the UnionChargeability Hill. It was introduced by Mr Villiers and the statements made during the debates on it have startled the country even ill the midst of the collapse of the Confederacy. According to a return made by government, it appears that there are hundreds of villages in which there are now fewer houses than there were ten years ago but more inhabitants. The revelations which have Ivsea made by properly appointed Government officers are terrible. It is to the interest of the land holders according to the present system to have as few houses in their parishes as possible in crder to keep the poor rate down. In addition to this the "model" village is considered prettier with few houses. Hence the labourer who works on the squire's farm has to walk miles to his labour, or to live as a lodger in a crowded house. So long as he can work the squire will make use of him, but he takes good care that in his old age he shall not be chargeable to the parish by having lived as a householder in it, Hence the destruction of cottage, aud the expulsion of labourers. The workmen themselves live mostly in towns or in " open" villages, or where they can, and the result is, tbat on accouut of tbe low wages they receivc they are compelled to crowd together in order to get A roof to cover t hem. Hence the grossest immorality, brothers and sisters, men and women, sleeping indiscriminately in the same room are to be found iu hundreds of places. Indeed, hardly any form of this kind of vice is wanting in the results of the Government investigation Tbe mass of small landowners is entirely swept away. Whenever a piece of land is for sale, some small farm belonging,say, to the descendant of au old frceholding family, it is instantly bought up by the landowners; and to the small farmer, almost as to tlie labourer himself, there is very little chance of bettering hia condition. There is nothing of the interest ielt in the cultivation of land, which the small French freeholders feel, and which is working such wonderful results among them. The consideration of the law of entail, which is tbe cause of this state of things is one of the great subjects looming in the distance. Probably, as theVesult of the teaching of John Stuart Mill, the professors of political economy at both Oxford and Cambridge, advocate the small farm system and the abolition of entaiL| 