INJUSTICE TO JURYMEN". (From the Morning Star, June 12.) v ery wonderxul tales are tola of the power of the Esquimaux to go for many days together without food. One good meal will, when nothing more is to be had, serve them for a week. After eating a seal or two, and driukiug a gallon or more of whale 01 , , are tif fr fasting. This state of stomach would be exceedingly useiui to the British juryman. If he could, early iu the morning, breakfast so plen- uiuity inac nuuger— at least pressing hunger— would not assail liim for say three days, he would be quite certain to do full justice, according to law, to all cases in the arbitration of which he might be required to assist. There used - to be men hanging about our = courts who, with a. straw in their hats, were ready to be engaged as witnesses to swear anything in any case on the shortest notice. Might not some such principle be usefully adopted, if the law is to remain as at present, in the case of jurors ? Several dozens of Esquimaux or North American udiaus might be imported, and after being taught the English tongue with the aid of, regular English meals or English beer, become the standing juries of the country, prepared to undergo a fortnight's fasting, if it was necessary, . to secure unanimity. AY e can really see no other alternative if the law is to remain unchanged. The "British juror is not like Dugald Dalget-ty, who could on occasion dine off ; the tightening of his waist-belt. , Rather more substantial diet is necessary for his sustenance ; and, therefore, if we insist on- starving our juries to insure oneness of opinion, we must obviously alter -the material of which they are composed.- The system leads sometimes to awkward results. A Briton serving his country in the jury-box has been known to suffer so much from his enforced -starva tion1 that he died shortly thereafter. A few day ago a jury petitioned Mr Justice Mellor for a cup of cold water to moisten their deliberations, but he was obliged to refuse it to them. They were like the ancient mariner, with " water, water everywhere, and not a drop to drink." The weather was hot, the war of opinion was hotter. Heat produced thirst,, buk nothing, was to be had wherewith to quench it. " Another very "suggestive case happened in the Court of Exchequer onFriday last. A. jury had' patiently sat through five days, trying to mas ter merits of an action m which foreigners were the plaintiffs and a foreigner the defendant. At length came the hour when they must deliberate. The case was a dry oue ; there was the possibility that their discussions, would be long, and already they were thirsty.- Taking warning by the fate of their brethren a few days before, they applied to Mr Baron Pigott for leave to take water with them to the jury-room. His lordship regretfully told them he had no power to allow auy such proceeding, but hi gave them a valuable hint. There was plenty of water in the court— why not drink deep before retiring ? The hint was Taken. Each man seized a carafe and drank enough, not only to satisfy him for the moment, but to fit him for the thirs- conse quent on a long deliberation. Nothing can be more suggestive thau this proceeding. It gives- us au excellent opportunity of deciding the chief merit iu a juryman. Clearly by this test a camel would have au enormous advantage in the jury-box in the trial of a difficult case. . The ship of the desert can lay in a stock of water which will serve him for se veral days. Such a faculty would be inestimable this hot weather .if it were possessed by a juror. Like vessels putting out to sea, jurymen must take iu provisions and water beforehand,, and woe betide them if they lay not in enough. Many of them might envy a cow placidly chewing the cud hours after the hay had beeu eaten. They might even look with longiug eyes at a boa-constrictor, who, having swallowed a deer, can fast for a fortnight. The requirement of the law evidently is not so much strength of brain as strength of stomach. He who can hcld out longest without food, drink, fire or candle, is the best juryman. . . . No doubt there are members of staunch old Tories who would raise a cry of " the Constitution in danger" if it were proposed to take away the precious privilege of starving jurymen iiito a verdict. AVe, however, incline to the opinion that justice would be no worse administered than it now is were two things got rid of as soon as possible. These two things are the requirement of absolute unanimity in the verdict of a jury, and the ridiculous law which prevents jurymen while in deliberation from hav ing victuals and drink in moderation. It is by no means necessary that such latitude should be al lowed as that which a Cork jury took long since. AVhiskey is not always conducive to wise conclu sions, nor does an unlimited supply of tobacco necessarily lead to the discovery of the truth, But, on the other hand, starvation may overcome sense, and thirst forces consciences ; neither of which results is in the last degree desirable iu the adminis tration of iust-ice. It is time the matter was taken in ! hand seriously. The judges never fail to show tbeir 1 sense of the folly of the stupid regulations as to food i and drink for jurymen. There would then be no j opposition from them to any measure for the amend- j ment of the law. The present Parliament is too | far gone in the throes of death to dispose even of I so small a matter as this. But iu the next, when j it has got its own House in working order, we hope to see the attention of the Government so : strongly called to the question that they will be : compelled to make speedy provision for a change in J the law. AAre cannot too soon get rid of the bar- j barous practice of starring jurors. i The interesting miningaction of O'Neill v Mur- j phy, the trial of which began on AYednes- | day was finished on Thursday, says the j Argus. It was an action by a miner against an AI.L.C., to recover the . price , of a share in the Dargo Great Extended Tun- i nelliug Claim. The defence was that the claim j was a sham and a swindle, and the sale a fraud. I This defence failed, and the plaintiff got a rer- j diet for his money. Nevertheless, the evidence . in support of defendant's plea is full of instruc- j tion and suggestion to speculators in newly-dis covered reefs in inaccessible regions. Dog and Cat. — Canine affection for the pre- , serration of life will be illustrated by the fol lowing remarkable incident.— About twelve o'clock on Saturday last some mischievous boys threw over the Maida- hill briJge, Kilburn-road, a large black cat, evidently with the intention of drowning it. The cat, with as many lives as it is traditionally reputed to have, struggled bard for life, and for some minutes endeavoured to keep its head above water; however, when Puss was about to give up the ghost a gentleman happened to pass with a good-sized terrier dog, and at once directed the dog's attention to the difficulty of poor Puss ; the gallant terrier at once dashed in and swam to the rescue, but his friendly efforts were met with such "clawish" embracements, that several times he was obliged to retire. At length, after watching his oppor tunity, he seized the cat by the thick end of the tail, and, amidst the cheers of the bystanders, brought Puss ashore. A case of this kind is probably not on record.— Field. 