DOCTOR IIOLFORD'S PATIENT. (from Once a Week.) We had been great chums at college, John Bar ing and I, and having both eaten our terms at the Temple, we continued fast friends, inhabited the same chambers, and waited together, with as much patience as might be, for briefs. Briefs, however, were so long in coming that we had a great deal of spare time on our hands, and we used to run down often into the country for a breath of fresh air, and to look up old friends and acquaintances. On one of these occasions I took John dowu into my own country, Suffolk, on a visit to my father. He was glad enough to coine, for if the truth must be told, a pretty sister of mine had made a deep impression on his susceptible heart during the season in London. We had a merry time of it. The birds were plentiful, and several balls and parties were given in the neigh bourhood, at which John and Emily enjoyed themselves, I have reason to believe, to their hearts, content. A very good fellow is John Baring, and I shall not object to him as a brother- in-law some day, if but I must say 110 more ; on this subject, lest this" paper should meet the : governor's eye. Among the neighbors whom we visited together was Dr. Ilolford, another old ' crony of mine in college days, now an M.D. prac ticing in a country town, a few miles from my home. " What a pretty woman Mrs. llalford is!" said John to me, as we lighted our cigars outside the doctor's door one night, previous to starting on our walk home after a dinner party. " And yet there's something uncanny in her look too," lie continued. " 1 can't make it out. Is she wicked, I wonder.; or has she a bee in her bonnet?" ' She's as good as she's pretty," I rejoined warmly ; for Mrs. Ilolford was a great friend of uiiue, and I did not like John's criticisms. " My dear fellow, I daresay she may be, but you won't make me believe you dou't see what I mean. She has lovely eyes" — John was a bit of an artist — " but there is a queer look that comes into them now and then — looks as if she had seen a ghost once, and never got over it." " Perhaps she did," I said a little stiffly. John stopped, and stared at me." 1 declare you know all about it, old boy ! Here's a lark ! A genuine ghost story in real life, truth vouched for by the ghost himself, eh ? " j " Well, not quite that," I answered, laughing-; " but there is a story about Mrs. Holfoid that may account for the look you noticed. You cer tainly mistook your vocation. You should offer your services to the spirit-rappers, if you have such a knack of reading people's face's." I always knew my talents were thrown away," remarked John in an aside. " However," I continued, " there's -no secret in this case, that I know of, so you shall hear tbo story if you care about it." " All right," said John, puffing out a cloud of smoke, " Fire away, Dick; I'm prepared to be- . lieve in any number of ghosts after that woman's eyes." " It's too long to' tell now," I said, " but if you like — I jotted it down in the shape of a story at the time, — when we get home I'll give it you to read." Accordingly, before going to bed, I added a few lines to my old M.S. for John's benefit, and handed it to him, and, if he read it at all — of which I have my suspicions, judging, from the total oblivion of it which he showed when sitting by Emily at breakfast the next morning at breakfast next morning — " he read as follows : — " But what on earth am I to do P " asked the doctor, in a tone half humourous, half sad, as he walked up the High-street with his friend Mr. Bailey. "If I warn her she won't stay with me a week ; I've lost two governesses by listening to your advice." " Well," doubtfully rejoined Mr. Bailey, " perhaps you are right. He may be safe enough, after all : but a silly girl she must be ! " " On the contrary," interrupted the doc tor, warmly, " she's a treasure! As like her poor father as cuu be; full of good sense and right feeling. I cant'c think what possesses her not to let that unfortunate man alone, and I can't warn her. Nobody has managed my poor brats the least like her since " and the doctor coughed away a sigh. A somewhat whimsical expression passed over his friend's face. Dr. Holford had Jost his wife six months before, and had been in a peck ol troubles ever since about his three chil dren, the youngest an infant of six months old. The doctor knew no more of the details of house hold ecouomy than his baby, and it had become evident. to all his friends that he -could not exist long without a wife; but whom should he marry ? that was the question. To complicate matters, Dr. Holford was obliged to eke out the profits of a not very remunerative practice by receiving a patient at his own house, and rich patients were Iiumniaja easy lu mill. A mo time we write Ol he hud just received as an inmate a soi distant nervous invalid, Walter Stone by name, whom he watched with singular carefulness, for in his secret soul the doctor knew the man was insane, and although in truth he believed him to be per fectly harmless, yet he daily expected some mad freak or lolly to appear. None had as yet, and all things hud gone on smoothly for two or three weeks, when, according to the usual malignity of circumstances, a most inconvenient and aggrava ting interest in W alter Stone began to appear in the conduct of Miss Stuart the children's gover ness. It is true that Mr. Stono was a handsome young man, with a manner in which none but a professional eye could detect any taint of madness, but they made it all the more alarming ; and feeling himself as yet not thoroughly acquainted with the state of his patient's mind, the doctor wus on tenterhooks. As he said, he dared give 110 serious warning. A nervous patient might be all very well, but no governess would stay with a live lunatic loose about the house. So Dr. Hol ford was fain to let matters take their course, trusting to the chapter of accidents, and to Miss Stuart's good sense to set her right in time. After all, he thought, there could be no great risk. Walter Stone had come to him with an excellent character for quietness, and might, for all he knew, be curable. So he determined to hold his tongue, and hope that no bad consequences would ensue. What did ensue we shall presently see. A day or two after his conversation with Mr. Bailey, the doetor happened to look out from his surgery window on the little plot of ground at the buck of his hou3o, which he was pleased to dignify with the name of garden. Dr. Holford worked in it a . great deal himself, and took great interest in the one or two flower beds, and the border rich with bright colours, in the arrangement of which lie iluttered himself Sir Joseph Paxtott could not hold a caudle to him. The air was scented with the breath of lilacs and hyacinths, and the perfume of two ' gnarlqd old hawthorns, covered, oue with white, und the other with pink blossom, that stood cn the grass-plot by the side of the path, and that were the pride of the doctor's heart. That garden was a kingdom for bees and butterflies, and they hummed and danced merrily in the sunshine. On this peculiar May afternoon a fresh little human flower moved quickly to aud fro among the butterflies, clad in a soft grey stuff gown, with pink ribbons at the throat and wrist. It was the young governess, Lizzie Stuart. She was a pretty girl of about twenty, with large grey eyes and fair shiny hair. A sprig ot pink may was stuck in the waistband that girded a small round waist, and they were very little feet that tapped impatiently upon tho gravel walk. The doctor could not help watching her from the window as he smoked his pipe ; she made such a pretty foreground to his favourite flowers as she went and came under the hawthorns. Presently a young man came out and walked across the grass-plat towards her. She met him with an out-stretched hand, and tbey strolled along the path together. It was perfectly natural that they should do so, and the doctor ought to have been glad that his patient should be subjected to such soothing influences, but somehow he sighed a little as he saw how earnestly they were talking, her face bent up to him, und his bent down to her. Certainly Lizzie did not seem afraid of Walter Stone. 'The doctor put his pipe in the- corner with another sigh, and went upstuirs to dress for dinner. The pair in the garden did not remain long togetlier. Walter Stone suuutered back iuto the house, and Lizzie went on walking up and down the short gravel walk. For fear of mistake, we had better let the reader into a secret at once. Almost from the first moment, three months ago, when Dr. Holford had done her the immense honour of confiding to her care his motherless children, Lizzie Stuart's tender little heart had been in the doctor's keeping. Indeed, she had loved him all her life, as her father's friend and her -own; but of late what was it that made Lizzie blush, all to herself, in the solitude of her own room, when she thought of the grati tude and affection she owed to the doctor ? Ah-! what a wealth of pity and devotion she poured out upon him in secret, and what romantic castles were built up in that graceful little head of hers, as she sat of an evening looking out upon the hawthorns, of the wonderful ways in which she was to be a help and a oomfort to him, without his knowing who had done the work -1 But though her love was an " open secret," there was 110 one to find it out, except, indeed, the doctor himself, the last man on whom the idea was likely to dawn, and it is doubtful if even Lizzie had more than an inkling of the truth. If she had she guarded her secret jealousy, and only let it appear in a most tender and zealous performance of her duty towards his children, as to which the doctor said no words, but thanked and blessed lur in his heart. But within the last fortnight it had occurred to this young woman to set herBelf up in judgment upon the doctor's conduct, and alter mature deliberation, she had come to the conclusion that he had either made a great mis take or was doing very wrong. The idea troubled her sorely. Miss Lizzie was a young lady who rather piqued herself upon the possession of an independent judgment, and paid the youthful penalty, of course, by sometimes too much undervaluing the experience of her seniors. Her early training had perhaps encouraged this state of mind ; for her father, dear as she had been to him, had not been able to steer altogether clear of that wretched system of " spoiling till five, trying ex periments till fifteen, and contradicting up to twenty." Besides all this, Miss Lizzie had lately been studying Dr. Winslow's " Obscure Diseases." that most popular to scientific works, and had rebelled against the theories therein propounded with all her heart. " Very Hard Cash" had : fallen in her way immediately afterwards, and she had glowed with sympathy for Alfred's wrongs and Julia's love, and for all the supposed victims detained in a thousand lunatic asylums by commissioners in lunacy like those described by Mr. Read. And now Walter Stone has crossed her path, and lo 1 her dreams were realised. He was pleasant, handsome, and as gentle as Alfred ; and more than all, he bad appealed to her com passion, and poured into her ear a piteous story of the unnatural brother, who, for the sake of ob taining the management of his, Walter's property, had condemned him to lifelong captivity. Lizzie knew as a fact that his 'brother had consigned him to Dr. Holford's charge, and that in spite of all his apparent liberty, he was .narrowly watched ; in itself a suspicious circumstance, con sidering that nervous ailments only were the plea for his incarceration. She had even heard Dr. Holford chuckle over the story of the way in which he aud Edward Stone had managed to en trap Walter into voluntarily giving his purse into their care, so as to render his escape, by train, or other conveyance, impossible. And this was a sane man 1 Lizzie's brain took fire at the thought. To dispose of the certificate of lunacy was the work of a moment; were they not all — those mail doctors, and Dr. Winslow in particular — ready to swear to any mau's insanity at a moment's notice ? And then Walter had told wjuk iic iiuu uiuiscii tveu uppunuuuy iu ma enemies in some moments of excitement conse quent 011 the loss of money. . But the doctor ? there was the rub. Could it be possible that Dr. Holford, tire upright and honourable, had deliberately lent himself to this vile plot ? Even Lizzie's excited imagination could not lead her to believe that. No,- the man was not mad ; that was certain ; but the doctor had been de ceived; his keen eye had been blinded by Walter Stone's perfidious friends, who, though they had cautiously avoided committing themselves by speaking of more than " nerves," had so cun. ningly worded their artful testimony that the doctor had jumped to the conclusion, without much personal observation, that Walter must be insane. That could not be a fault — at least — well, hardly, or if it were, she, Lizzie Stuart, would undeceive him, and enable him to make atonement. And then she went off into a day dream, and was just in the middle of a speech from the doctor, expressive of his deep gratitude to her for having, by her woman's keen-sighted- ness and quick judgement, disabused him of the idea under which ho had beea labouring, &c.;, &c.;, when she looked up, and behold the moon had risen, and was already lighting up the top branches of tho hawthorns. She turned into the house fully resolved to speak seriously. 10 the doctor the very next morning, The moon was high iu the heavens when Lizzio Stuart went that evening, as her custom was, to sit in the nursery while nurse weut down to her supper. At these times Lizzie always sat in a particular chair by the window. Nurse's white-curtained bed stood in a recess at the back of the room ; a little to one side, but facing the fire — still necessary at night — was the baby's bassinet, of which little but the hood was to be seen from where Lizzie sat. The other two children slept in what was, in fact, an adjoining room, though the door of communication had long been removed, to make the two uurseries as far as possible into oue. There was no light in the room but the moonshine and the glimmer of the fire ; Lizzie leant back in her chair and resumed her day-dream. By-und-by a low knock came at the door. " Come iu," said Lizzie, wondering that nurse should have made such haste at her supper. The door opened softly, and Walter Stone put his head iuto the room. " I want to speak to you, I want to speak to you," I10 whispered excitedly; "you must let me come in ; it is most important." There was something queer about his maimer, but Lizzie, strong in her conviction, was in no wise frightened. Besides, he had talked to her that day of escape, and she longed to repeat the arguments she had used against any such scheme, for its success would be fatal to the doctor's credit. While she hesitated, he stole silently up to her, closing the door behind him. No other man living would Lizzie have allowed to remain there, but her sympathy for Walter Stone was deep and strong, all tho more strong from her love, for the man who was doing him such unwitting injury. How grieved the doctor will be to-mnrrow! she thought, and she let Walter stay. He sat down by her side, and remained silent. After a minute or two the stillness grew oppressive, and she opened her mouth to speak. As she did so, she looked in his face, ghastly in the moonlight. Ah ! how awful was the change there ! His pleasant careless look had disappeared, and in its stead was a dreadful expression of fixed malignity, of insane cuuning and rage; the glare of a maniac's eye caught and fixed hers as she looked. Horror-stricken she drew back, but he bent for ward, and said in a hissing whisper, " something to show you. I've locked the door, aud wecan't be interrupted, no, no. Look here!" and he drew from his pocket an ordinary dinner knife, on which the moonbeams glittered hideously. ' " Beautiful, isn't it-?" he muttered, as he stroked and seemed to fondle it, turning it from side to side. True steel — the real thing! Not for you, though, not for you; for those little devils that cling round, and prevent you coming with me. I'll set you free, I'll " and lie lapsed into inarticulate murmurs, still stroking the knife. Never, in all her life, did Lizzio Stuart forget the sensations of that moment ; they come back to her often in dreams, even now. She did not lose consciousness, but she could not move ; her heart seemed to stand still, and her brain to reel. " The youngest first," he whispered at last; and, leaving her suddenly, he darted towards the hearth. -For -one -second 'the knife gleamed brightly in tho moonlight as he'brandished it aloft, the next he had plunged it deep in the bassinet. Oh God, there was no cry ! A wild shriek rose to' Lizzie's lips. Repressing it with a violent effort, she collected her senses and walked 'to his side. I must kill the other myself." she said, with an un faltering voice, " let me do it; they would not be quiet otherwise." The maniac turned 'towards her a horrible face of triumph. " You're one of the right sort," he exclaimed enthusiastically. The young May moon is beaming, love. The glowworm's lamp is gleaming, love. -How sweet to rove —No, that's not it — So she kilted her gown 0' green satin, and tuckit it up to her knee — Lizzie L:ndsay — that's you — Lord Ronald Clan Donald — that's me. Won't we be happy ? Now then ?" " Yes, I am going," she said, still speaking calmly; "wait here till I come back." He stooped to draw the knife out of the bassinet. " No, dont do that," she wlrispered, forcing her self to lay her hand npon his arm, and turning away her eyes, lest the sight that might meet them should unnerve them, " I have a fancy for doing it differently." He stood upright again,, and motioned her to go, and only as she moved to where the other children slept she remembered with sick horror that there was no door between the rooms. Despair gave her courage, she quickened her pace ; he did not follow her — there was a respite. Softly and rapidly she threw a coverlet over the two fair sleeping heads, then she flew to the bell. A violent pull — another — and the bell-rope broke in her band. Would anyone come ? The madman heard the twang of the wires, and suspected treachery. Ho sprang towards the room, but Lizzie was too quick for him. She stood in the doorway, with dilated eye and upraised hand. " Walter Stone, go back," she commanded in a solemn tone. " It is all done. I forbid you to enter here." For a mo ment the lunatic cowered before her, awed by the light in those gleaming eyes, then he sprang at her throat like a wild beast. An instant's strug gle, an instant's agony like unto death, and with a mighty crash the door burst open, and Dr. Hol ford, with the exertion of his whole strength, dragged the madman from the choking girl. To hold him siugly was impossible. He broke from the doctor's grasp, threw up tho window, and with a loud laugh leapt into the garden below, where the dull thud of his fall was heard just as the assistant, whose carelessness had permitted him to secrete the knife, had appeared upon the scene. " Go down, go down," cried the doctor, pointing to the window. The assistant looked out and hurriedly disappeared, and the doctor gave all his attention to Lizzie. She had not fainted ; she could not do so ; not at all events with the dreadful news untold, but she was gasping for breath. iiizzie, dear lizzie, iook up. 1 see how it was. You were defending my children. You have saved their lives. Try to look up, and tell me you are not hurt." But Lizzie shrank from the tender words, and cowered miserably in her chair. She strove to compel her parched tongue to speak, and tell him tlmt by her folly she bad caused the death of his baby, but a hissiiig gurgle came instead of words, and ended in an hys teric shriek. The servants and nurse among them had come crowding in by this time, and a loud ex clamation from the latter startled them all. " Gra cious powers what is this ?" and she drew forth the knife from the bassinet and held it up in view of the rest, its polished surface still uudimmed. " Well, the Lord bo praised for his inorcy I it were his providence, that it were, that put it into my head all of a sudden to-day that baby were a growing too big for a bassinet, and I put her in the old cot by ray bedside, and drawed my cur tains round her, and there she is, the precious lamb, awake and a smiling at us all, as good as sugar." Lizzie heard the words or rather some dim idea of their meaning penetrated to her brain but the relief was too sudden to be realised at once. She understood that confession was not needful, but remorse was as bitter as ever. She stood up and held out her hands imploringly. " Can — you — for — give ? " she whispered pite- ously, ami fell forward in a dead faint upon the doctor's shoulder. For many many months. Dr. Holford tended Lizzie through the nervous fever that followed upon her swoon. At one time he almost oespaired of her recovery, but youth and a sound constitution conquered, and she rose at last from her sick bed, the shadow of what she had been. The doctor pronounced change of air und scene to be absolutely necessary during her convalescence, and simultaneously discovered that he had been working too hard, and required n holiday and a month or two abroad. Rumour states that be imparted these conclusions to Lizzie Stuart, and made sundry other confidences to her during one very long and earnest conversation which they hud, walking slowly up and down, her feeble steps tenderly supported by his arm, under the old hawthorns, brilliant by this ' time with autumn berries. You have seen Mrs. Holford. Dp you wonder now at the strange look in her eyes? Walter Stono fractured his skull in his full. He was in- sensible for many days, but at length conscious ness returned, and those who watched round his bed thanked God to see that all traces of insanity had disappeared. They looked forward hopefully to the future, but bis career on earth was ended. He sank gradually, and died in a few weeks. He lived long enough to be deeply thankfnl to have been spared from the guilt of the awful crime be had so nearly committed, and to send through Doctor Holford, a message of gratitnilo and bless ing t-o the woman, who by her self-command and conrage, had saved him' from going to the grave with blood-stained hands. Curiosities or Carelessness. — Twenty thousand letters or more arrive at the chief office every day without any street or number being written on tho outside — simply Mr. So and So, London. Fifty thousand postage stamps are every year found in the letter-bags and boxes, rubbed by friction from the letters and news papers to which they have been imperfectly cemented. One newspaper in about five thousand slips from its cover through careless fastening, . aud comes to grief ; for tho sorters do not know which covers belong to which newspapers. With out noticing the country post-offices, or even the 1100 receptacles for letters which now exist in the metropolis, City men send to tho chief office alone two hundred letters every day entirely un sealed and unfastened. Some letters have no address either on the inside or on the outside. — Once a Wee\\. Tue Deuce in Devon. — The Devon peasantry are very superstitious, and the long moonlit nights of Christmas, which are so fascinating to most people, bring their special terrors to the lone farm- house, 01 the cottage half hidden by the pines at the side of these lanes. These fancies does not for the most part take the fatalistic hue of the Welsh countryman or the still more gloomy complexion of the superstitions of -the Channel Islanders. The Devon yeomen has no fear of meeting a coffin obstructing his path, when benighted in the narrow lanes, which is sure to betoken his own if he knocks it roughly over, or is otherwise than scrupulously polite in taking off the lid aud replacing it the wrong way, when it instantly disappears. It is rather an undefined dread that something might come, which oppresses him as he looks over the glim mering waste of snow. Something did assuredly come, some thirteen or fourteen years ago, to the very neighbourhood wherein, we have fancied our traveller rambling, the angle formed about Salterton by the left bank ol the Exe and the sea. Iu the outskirts of Topsham to the lanes which ramify from there into the country, were noticed on several wintry mornings mysterious footsteps over the virgin snow, having great affinity (so the natives affirmed) to tho cloven hoofs popularly assigned to a certain nameless personage. These tracks advanced steadily without any apparent divarication, walking over roofs, walls, aud other obstacles that might rea sonably be supposed capable of baffling a hoaxer. The story quickly spread to the London papers, and all kinds of guesses were made respecting the footprints. Some ascribed them to natural causes, such as 'the visit of a large wild-fowl, Ac., but found small favour with the country side for their trouble. The mystery was never satis factorily cleared up. Long after most people, however, had forgotten the whole occurrence, tho neighbouring peasants did not dare to stir from their hearths after 'nightfall.—- " Cornhill Maga zine "for June. 