THE CHRISTMAS RECESS. The annual examination of the pupils of the Bal Iarat Grammar Behool took place on Thursday, in presence of a considerable audience, chiefly composed of tlis parents and friends of the boys. The exami nation embraced all the branches taught in the school, and reflected credis upon the principal and his staff. The English classes were all examined by Mr Staliard and Mr Barnard; the Latin, Greek and French, by their respective wasters, Messrs Barnard and Idle. The writing, drawing and bookkeeping classes received a considerable share of eulogy, and the recitations were numerous and well chosen. The prizes were distributed at the close of the examination amid general congratulation. After the proceedings, the Rev. John Potter rose to address the audience and in the course of his speech stated that the examination just witnessed Iiad considerably exceeded his most sanguine expectations. Mr A. N. Gilbert endorsed these remarks, and proposed a vote of thanks to Mr Stallard and staff, which was responded to by all present. The principal replied in a few appropriate words, and the proceedings terminated amid general congratulation. The following is the award of rrizes:-History, (two prizes)-Awarded to Louis Bruun and Thomas Thompson. Reading , (6 classes, 2 prizes each class)-Awarded to James Palmer, L Bruun, John Jones, John Johnston, P. Kohl, J. Smart, Raphael Alexander, James Wrigley, W. Carter, Henry Draisey, Percy Crees, Archibald Crees. English Grammar (G classes, 2 prizes each class-Awarded to Reginald Blundun, L. Bruun, | Charles Cowland, James Meek, John Smart, E. Rand, Alfred Gilbert, W. Farley, Charles Gilbert, J. Adams, Alfred Lester, Alex. Craig. Geography (5 classes, 2 prizes each class)-Awarded to Thomas Thompson, Thomas T. Gilbert, R.Sanderson, T. Martin, A. Young, J. Smart, Alfred Gilbert, George Churchill, James Wild, Peter Robertson. Butters' | Spelling (4 classes, 2 prizes each class)-Awarded to Thomas Thompson, W. An*tis, W. Orders, John Jones, Hugh Koer, H. Bennett, James Howard, C. Gilbert. Carpenter's Spelling-(4 classes, 2 prizes to each class)-Awarded to Thomas Thompson, Wm. Anstis, Peter Kohl, Thomas Martin, J. Smart, R.Whiting, F. Bennett, C. Gilbert . Tables and Mental Arithmetic (4 classes, 2 prizes each class)-Awarded to Alick Curwen, Aug. Young;, T. Martin, Allen Stevenson, James Wiies, John Smart, C. Gilbert, R. Foley. Algebra (2 prizes)-Awarded to Thomas Gilbert, and Thomas Thompson. Arithmetic (6 classes, 2 prizes each class)-Awarded to A. Young, John Johnston, W. Anstis, Alf. Gilbert, Edward ' Rand, R. Mitchell, S. Daniel, A. Fraser, James Jones, James Howard, John Bohon, William Norrie, Euclid (4 classes, 2 prizes each class) Awarded to Thomas Thompson, John Gilbert, Albert Curwen, James Meek, Robert Sanderson, John Jones, W. Wardlaw. Latin (2 classes, 2 prizes each class)-Awarded to Reginald Blunden, Louis Bruun, Albert Curwen, Robert Palmer. Extra prizes for 1st class Latin-Presented by M. Barnard to Robert Sanderson. Critical Paper prize-R. Blunden. Greek {1st prize)-R. Blunden. French (2 classes, 1 prize each class)-Awarded John Gilbert, Augustus Young. Extra prize for French transla tion-Charles Hodgeon. Music (2 prizes)-Awarded to R. Blunden, William Calvert. Drawing (4 prizes) -Awarded to Louis Bruun, R. Blunden, Godfrey Blunden, R. Palmer. Extra prize, awarded by Mr Bruun to Thomas Mitchell. Bookkeeping (7 divi sions)-Prizes awarded to Louis Bruun, William Cal vert, James Meak, T. Martin, J. Cornish, W. Orders, J. Andrews. Writing (9 prizes)-Awarded to John Jones, Isasc Jones, A. Norrie, E. Rand, J. Mitchell, D. Dyte, A. Stevenson, J. Wild, W. Trail. Recitation (5 divisions, 2 prizes each division)-Awarded C. Hodgson, H. Ross, A. Norrie, E. Rand A. Gibbs, G. Nicholls, D. Dyte, W. Young, R. Foley, G. F. Lockett. Essay-Prize awarded to T. Thompson, L. Bruun. Correspondence (2 prizes)-Awarded to Albert Curwen, R. Sanderson. Prize to the boy over 10 years of age, being most esteemed by his schoolfellows as voted to him by them-James Pamer; 2nd prize, under 10 years of age-Charles Gilbert. The students at Mr Victor's Ballarat Collegiate School heralded their Christmas recess on Friday night, with a dramatic entertainment in the school followed by a ball. The dramatic programme of the evening's amusement was as follows:-Selec tions from Macbeth, act 3, scene 4, and act 4-He cate, Mr W. R. H. Creber. Macbeth, Mr J. Browne. Lennox, Mr G. R. Turner. 1st Witch, Mr W. Cherry. 2nd Witch, Mr J. C. Beck. 3rd Witch, H. Coutts. Apparitions, F. T. Bellair. Ghost of Banquo, W. Robertson. Apparitions, Ghosts, &c.;, by the Students. Interval. Master's Rival; or, a Day at Boulogne. Sir Colley Cowmeadov, Mr H. Coutts. Old Aldgate (a retired rag merchant), Mr W. Cherry. Captain Middleton Mr W. R. H. Creber. Pe:er Shack (rival to his master Captain Mid dleton), Mr G. R. Turner. Paul Shack (valet to young Mr Cowmeadow), Mr F. T. Bellair. Barnes (Sir C.C's steward), Mr J. C. Beck. Robin (Sir C. C.'s coachman), Mr E. Baker. Sentinel (French), Mr Hugo Bruun. 1st Passenger, Mr W. Robertson. 2nd Passenger, Mr J. Browne. Mrs Aldgate, Miss Laura Broughton. Amelia Aldgate, Miss E. Melville. Tibby (Mrs Aldgate's housc-maid), Miss P. George. Porters, Soldiers, &c;, by the Students. 