QUR LONDON LETTER. ' July 26rH. England is rapidly recovering from election fever. Practically the elections were over /set week. The .result shows a gain of .sjxty seats to the liberals and of thirty three to the ', tones; leaving a bdanceoftwet)ty-Beven, or a majority of fifty-fnnr in the case of a division, in favor of the government. The majority in the old Parliament, judging (rom the last great trial of strength, (he division on the . Danish question in July, 1664, was eighteen. This will give thereiorea liberal majority, of seventy-two The battle has been a very interesting one. • It has been stoutly fought, and gloriously won. The practical question put to the decision of the electors was, would they accept Mr Gladstone or Mr Disraeli Liberalism and conservatism were fairly championed by these men and every one accepted the issue. Liberalism means, said Mr Gladstone, trust in the people limited only by prudence; conservatism, distrust of the people limited by fear. The former, says John Stuart Mill, now to the delight of all educated liberals throughout Eurpe, America and Australia, M. P. for Westminster, \ooke forward for its example, Toryism looks backwards. The Tories have been asserting during the past two years that there has been in England a tory reaction and the assertion has been so often made that manv of us were beginning to believe it, That ghost anyhow lias b^ laid withiii the lart fourteen days. As I have mentioned, in actual numbers,! the liberals have gained upwards of fifty in a division but this by no means represents the total 1 gain Tn intellectual calibre the new liberal aide is far superior to the old. Whenold liberals ! hvae lost thSr seats it has usually been to make way for radicals, occasionally, it is true, a tory member has taken the place of a liberal, but the liberal's colour has usually been so near to that of the tory's that the observer required to be told what it was. Of this latter class was Mr Walter,whose opinion is always regarded as identified with that of the* Times.' That journal bates reform,detests SlrGladstone and upholds the South. Hence the liberals of Berkshire saw no reason to prefer its representative to avowed tories and athwed both Mr Walter and Mr Bouverie to be expelled by unknown men. The metropolitan elections came first. Four liberals were elected for the city including Mr Goscbcn who as 'an advanced liberal and a highly educated, thoughtful man has already won the ear of the House. Two liberals were elected for Greenwich. In Finsbury, Mr Cox who has made himself obnoxious lor the part he took in leagueing with the tories to expel Mr Stanfield from the miuistrjr because he would not give up the friendship of Mazziui, was turned out to make room for Mr Torrens. This gentleman is an author uf high reputeond a contributor to the ' Daily News." In Southwark, Henry A.Layard.of Nineveh fame, a-as re-elected without opposition. In Lambeth the contest was a most exciting one. Thomas Hughes author of 'Tom Brown's School Days,' announced himself as a candidate about a month before the election. He was altogether unknown in the borough except,as a literary man who was also an advanced liberal. A committee was formed for bim with Mr Ruskin, the celebrated writer on art as its chairman. As there are 26,000 electors he did not attempt a canvas", but tnmtcnted.lumaeir with holding puhlic meetings. Volunteers came in rapidly to his assistance tne trades unions, for whom he has always sacrificed time and labor, heartily declared for him absolutely; There were promises of voters who had never taken the trouble to vote belore. Where- evcr he showed himself he was cheered as Tom Brown, and a week before the election things began to look hopeful. But the opposition was strong. Doulton aud Lawrence, the two former had ready formed committees, a great amount of organization, were both well known local men, •were both possessed of great wealth and both announced pretty significantly that they were prepared to spend it. Mr Hughes declared that be was not prepared to spend n farthing beyond what was absolutely necessary for legitimate purposes. Like the mayor of Calais, who Rave twenty seven reasons for not firing a royal salute, tlie first of which was that he had no powder, Mr Hughes objected to everything inconsistent with purity of election and in the second place had not got the money to spare. He was proposed by a working man belonging to Price's Patent Candle Company, and at the nominati n he gained »he show of hands. That, an a rule, is of no conses quence in England, as most of my readers know- But in Lambeth it is of consequence hecausc rents arc so hi?li that a ten pound household franchise includes the best part of the working Hopes accordingly ran high. Doulton men. and Lawrence, however,'"were largc°tradesmen or aB the fashion goes, large employers of labour aud could each send several hundred men into the field from their own shops. On the polling day, Mr Hughes' friends worked like veterans. Cabs, private catriagcs, waggons, all were set to work to bring up those electors who were not able to walk to the polling booths. There certainly was not a pint of beer to bij had at Mr Hughes's expense, but his men were of the stuff that did not desire it. The two opponents whom I have mentioned, together with a fourth candidate—a tory—who only polled 450 votes to theloser of liberal color's 4700, had contrived to get hold of nearly all the cabs, so that Hughes suffered in this respect The cry had been steadily kept up against bim that he would not go to the poll; that he was a Roman Catholic, that he was a Puscyite; that he was a lawyer anxious to gain office. The poll began at eight o'clock. The first hour sent Ur Hughes to the head Gradually Doulton drew on him. was ahead at ten, farther ahead at eleven, not less than 350 ahead at noon. StilMlughes was a thousand a head of the third candidate Alderman Lawrence. Hughes's volunteers determined, however, to fight hard now for the head of the polL Telegrams came in that John- Stuart Mill on the other side of the water was winning, and that all was going well for the liberals in the city. Now commenced an exciting struggle. Doulton's and Laurence's men would corac down to poll in compact bodies, so said those members' friends, for their masters. Swiftly ran the cabs, carringe? and carts between twelve and two. Ladies with their privates carriages plastered over with "Hughes, the people's candidate." " Vote early for Hughes." were sitting side by aide with greasy engineers and even costermongers, driving as hard as they could to the polling booth.. Your correspondent during the day brought up men from every part of London. As one o'clock struck a hundred men from the celebrated engineering factory of Maudslay md Sons, andjseventy more'frnm Price's candle factory turned out in a body to plump (or Hughes Nothing between twelve and two.was to be heard at the polling booth cxccpt plumpers for Hughes unless indeed occasionally a voUr said Doulton or Lawrence, tut even then in nineteen cas:s out of twenty he added, and, one for Hu«hes, The excitement was at its highest pitch at"two o'clock. What had been the result of the two hours' polb'ng ? At each booth those who had been present, knew that Hughes had been drawing hard on Doulton, but the knowing ones of the enemy's party shook their heads and referred ns to the other polling places At half-past two the returns «ere issued, and then it was seen that Hughes had not only recovered the 350 votes in arrear of Doalton, but had been placed by two hundred votes at the head of the poll. Unl.il four o'clock, when the poll closed, Doulton wai slightly recovering, bat when tiie last hour struck, Tom Brown-was head of the poll by a majority of ninety three. Never was en election victory so completely won by individual exertion as this vraa. Organisation he had none, "while the enemy's was nearly perfect The battle, however, was a soldier's battle, and won' by each man acting as an electioneer! riff general. JobnS. Mill was also, successful in Westminster, although there , is no den ping the fact'that he would have lost, had he not coalesced with Captain Grosvenor. As it was. Smith, the lory candidate,ran him close. As might have been expected Mr Mill made some capital speeches but even his admirers were hardly prepared to find bim so quick iat repartee, and so ready in his answers at he proved himself I dwell on the metropolitan elections partly because they came off first and partly because their result has been so entirely satisfactory. Hitherto the 'Saturday Review' and the tory papers have been in the habit of sneering at metropolitan members. But with Goschen foi the city,Torrens for Finsbury in place of the irrepressible Cox Austen Layard for Southwark, Hughes for Lambeth, and Mill for Westminster, there is an end to sneering. Ou the day succeedingthe metropolitan elections came those for mo9t of the boroughs. The general result I have already mentioned. The tones were badly off for a cry, and so fell back at the command of Diraeli to the declaration that nothing iu the sh ipe of reform or of reduction of of beneficial foreign treaties had been b y ^ liberals which they them- " 0t , ^ ° rconrie ^ f " 1 , I T ^ T T," 1 Fr a ?f e whlcl1 1,38 "r ed 1 ., tbe E 0m terr , " c confi . e 1 ucn , ce ' f f ^. ttun t ! le J' wwould n " ,d -iave ,,lve executed, \- but but wltI with addlt,jnal additional , ' m improvements; the reductions in taxation they - would have effected, aud would also have taken off the malt-tax In fact, as Mill saidol them, '•The tories were a class of paliticiaas who strongly opposed every measure of reform when proposed and in progress, but who when such measures were actually carried, accepted them and were convinced of their great advantages." In the country the rule was, as regarded the changes that were made, that tories gave way to liberals, and half-and-hilf liberals to iidicals. Professor Fawcett, of Cambridge, was returned for Brighton. l.ike everyone of the great liberals whom I have mentioned, he has been an out and out supporter of the North in their endeavor to put down the slaveholder's rebellion. Indeed now we are all Northerners together, or nearly so, I may say that throughout the war, with the exception of Carlyle, and it is understood that he is a great admirer of Lincoln, and only dissents because be openly advocates slavery, there has not been a single literary man or statesman of mark in the country who has supported the South except the tories who partly frotuold feudal instinct, pi- tly from jealousy of the great republic, but mainly for political aud party purposes have given Secession their support. Fawcett is a remarkable man. He is professor of political economy at Cambridge and he is stone blind Some Dotion may be gained of his energy from this fact alone, lie is a first rate orator, an advocate of m inhood suffrage, and a teacher like his iellow professor in Oxford, of the advisability of abolishing the rights of primogeniture. Trevelyaa, nephew of Macaulay, has been elected for Tynemoutb. He is the author of the " Letters of a Competition Wa-ll&h;" in ' MacmiUan'ft Magazine' aad of ' Cawnpore,'. The great event of last week waa Gladstone's defeat at Oxford. It has been known throughout the year that a great effjrt would be made to throw him out at this election, and many friends advised bim to break his connection with the university aud go in at first for South Lancashire, his native county. Determined to give Oxford another chance he stood, and was defeated by a Mr G<iwthorne Hardy, a great authority cn pigs and liquid manure; but as au orator, gracing his speech with a spe:ies of Billinigate, of which Oxford dming the last few days has grown, I hope, to he heartily ashamed. To the credit of the University, it mu-it not be omitted that the large majority of the teaching power of Oxford was in Gladstone's favor. Such different men as Dr Pusey and Professor Jowett were on his committee, but they were not sufficiently strong to defeat the solid oppo.-itioii of the county voters, m .n who have not been in Oxford for years. On his defeat. Mr Gl- idslonc hastened at once down to South Liucas'.iire, and although the tories had been active in their canvass, lie yet succeeded in paining a seat. l ; or my own part, I am glad that Gladstone was defeated at Oxford. Whenever he said anything that was at all tending towards thorough liberalism, he was immediately called to account by Oxford, and given to understand that , m consequence lose his seat. He is now to become, what I believe he will become, a great liberal prem er. It is gener illy understiod thit we shall have a reform bill That such a hill is wauled, I may indicate by giving one fact; the losing mm in Lambeth lia) four thousand sevp.n hundred votes, and the borough of Port Arlington has one hundred and six electors; the winning man therefore might possibly have sixty votes. But against this 106 the total number of electors, the proper number to give is 27,000 thi number of electors ol Lambeth. Constance Kent lies tinder sentence of death; but it is hardly doubted that she will be pardoned. Hor complete exculpation of all her relations from any part in the murder has added the last stroke than was necessary to make her repentance perfect As she had practically eluded justice and as she voluntarily gave herself up, it would be cruel, even remembering that she has committed a cold blooded, peculiarly hard hearted and wicked murder, to hang her. Dr PritcharJ the scoundrel who lies under sentence of death and without hope of mercy, ac Glasgow for the murder of his wife and mother-in-law, is a vulgar murderer,only conspicuius from tlie high standing he had in Glasgow. Since his conviction he wrote a pious confession full of the most obvious lies, and injuria" fir life a servant girl whom he had already seduced. Fiading that nobody believed him he has since written another confession, in which he declares the first to be fidsc. The second is nearer the truth no doubt, but is still not up to veracity point. It is full of self laudation, and compliment to himself and others, and the iiuin thin" manifest in it is tlie man's intolerable conceit ° Murders follow the lash ion. like bonnets without, any backs,or crinolines,which,fashion be praised, are rapidly disappearing from the dress ol everybody who sets up to be somelndy. Accordingly this morning we hear of Dr Spraguc who has been apprehended near Dartmoor ou a charge of poisoning 4 persons. Next month I hope to be able to say that the Atlantic Cable is again in working order. Tomorrow the Great lioetcm is expected to leave Valencia in the south west of Ireland for Newfoundland. The difference between this cable and the last may be briefly stated. The last had seven wires and this has seven; but there the resemblance ceases. The seven wires in the one case weighed 107 lbs per nautical mile, in this injtauee 3001bs The insultation in 1858 was by three layers of gutta perch, weighing 2611bs per knot; the present insulator is in four layers, weighing 400 lbs. '(he external covering then was by 18 strands of the spiral wires; now it is by 10 silid wires of homogenous iron, each wire "served"' with Manilla yarn, saturated with a preservative compound. The weight iu air then was 20cwt per mile; this is 35Jcwt. The weight in water vas 13'4cwt per mile; now it is l4c*t The breaking strain was tons; n?w it is 7} tons; and while the strength of the former cable was 2 05 times the strength required for the deepest water, this is 4€4 times stronger than is deemed absolutely necessary. Finally, the length shipped for 1858 was 2,174 nautical miles; now it is 2,300 knots. To readers who have a geaius for figures, these statements will probably convey a better notion of the cable than a n y mere description. Great dissatisfaction is expressed that the cable company will not allow representatives of any of the newspapers to be on board. It is even asserted that the messages sent acrosB before the last telegraph gave way were known in London before tuey were sent, and thus the question is left open as to whether the last telegraph ever worked at all. Publicity is the best remedy undoubtedly for these rumours, and this fact is so obvious as seriously to suggest trickery when publicity is shunned. There IB no news of importance from America. No news is in this case good news. Jefferson Davis has not yet been tried. The assassin conspirators have been hanged The reconstruction of the South is progressing favorably. The slaves are rapidly making their exodus from bondage to freedom, not of course without their trials in the desert. The countrv is rapidly recovering, and Europe is witnessing the grandest sight of the kind she has seen since 1660—the disbanding of a large standing army, to be rapidly absorbed in a peaceful population, carrying with them the discipline of the camp only to make them through life more respectable citizens anil better se.vauts of their country. 