ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; u0hltM iatn . To ifMftk my tnto4,"—^AtsPEAifc. The performance of a fine old comedy like " She Stoops to Conquer,"ynay be token u a ' tolerably Cur teat of tbe capability of a com pany. The parte are ao mill distributed and so cicely balanced, that, like the figures in a baa-relief they enjoy almost an equality of prominence, Unlike too many plays, this one does not consist of a central figure with asms aceemariea and a bad ground; and Him its 1 efficient representation t» not easy, unless some thing like uniform competency in the east is a oondithm of its production. If only ace or two of the characters are well sustained, the effect is to produce upon the mind the im pression that there is a lad of proportion, and the general result m unpleasing. tlhi» waa the ease at the Princess's last Saturday night. I nerer was ao ill tsti tiled with this comedy, and I can only oonclirde that thoUgb, for somepur posea, the company at thie exceedingly elegant theatre may be suitable enough, the suitabSity ' does not' lie in the direction of old-eohool comedy. So be sure these 4s Mrs. Phillips, who of herself is abort—fignfatirely, i of ooursfl, and not intending any word-play, i But Mm. Phillips, exoelleat actreas as ibe is, end pre eminently fitted for the character of Mrs. Hani nest bi ae she must be oonfetted, oould not redeem the Comedy from flatness. I speak comparatively, farther* is an inherent quality of eqjoyebteaam in "Ooidsmtth's chanhihg pfoygrhiob no amount pfindifferent acting can entirely destroy., But remember-; ing,^s it. wns impnweihte not to do, the man net Inwhioh "Shi Btoopstoftmqaat'.'hM been dnnn within the last deoade in thie city, and remem. berihg hew metnieHy Mrs. Phillip* hie con-, tributed to it* eueokee on; thoee ooeaeion*, I conld pot heforeeortingto thepreotioewhidh,, tococdiug to proverbial authority, 4e odious.' And yet it woiild be.ihe fowne ol truAlo ^ artidjw edht^re^ mi Setesday nightthan has begn her wont kforo tsmsu Bui one column cannot make a oolon mada, rmdifeome of toe sbaftabe broken and oUmfo hrp*tiaU,the rottfoiy,, dprightness of ""FV*"«■■■■ tW. wi.lsaidihly alfoat rf toa mgski&etx;&a;&M; entirely _ jem'Aksne qtiSfo t^'Vojftq^andar# S*. 4&-W1 costume,' etegs bailnas* mod that v*otA genrtaBy aowipWb for jvodfo) eforitaw. ohamotsrwaa foiriy. oomnHndebU) W «t K « *.» Mr* • OS! .i:t #i' ' 'HE -Wl oaaeafcfysythituo i^'tombioatien ioir i/tmiai ■period pfr £nropein ' hiiiaqf.' GoldsmithV ' 1y,oT*^i^pa.toC(mquerfbwi*flttt in 1778, and thodostame proper to the belong! to^hst 'periods bui'Mr. practically declares that Goldsmith his thsrsict^Jp'bsdrtreod inl'jk, jEuhlon bstonpngto no distinct period jat all.1 lie, theipfortj 'ooret* Ut haadwith i' Sty years aft^r (be author's death,' Hiiooet : to^to.'ddubifrbrcsafcd Mock surtou^ jrifliM extemporised cape of adiffertatma-.! Serial j hie woistooatis que of those elegant' jartioles that leviathan marts exhibit la their •windows ticketed raektrthi; his nether limbs pre encased in white. ,paniatoottt of. an «n locrtain fabric,; and Hossiart' boots, which belong to the only part of thifc„pFesent cen tury. Finally, he doeanotwearawig, and he idoea wear a moustache. Withiomexlight knodi&cattoni;, Mr. Sjorasou haWta himself on (he same prinoiples. Amdtalking of mous taches, of all irritating incongruities on the Mage, these are the most irritating. Oon htantiy one see* iwhite flaxen wig associated with one of those jet black appendages. If those actors whp cling go fondly to this facial ornament, did but know, bow utterly prepos terous it occasionally randan thorn, tliey XvoAld Use the razor without'limitation. Mr, Oill is,. of course, not responsible far the practice of dressing Tony Iminpkin in a modern hunting suit, , but though I hold fhia practice to be utterly wrong, I confess I hover saw it dressed otherwise. He would be a, sensible man, however, who should initiate a new and appropriate' makeup for this character. Mr.GiiU conforms to the rule ae be finda It, and, to do him Justice, apart from the costume, his representation of this , Character was ■ only second in merit to the Mrs. Hardcsstle of. Mrs. Phillips. Its chief fault ins etoo great preponderance of the gualityoflTivacity,instead of the stolidity which properly belongs to the character. Tony. Immpkin, as his name implies, it a heavy lout, whose humour consists in the slowness of his apprehension. Anything like sprightliness is foreign to his nature and incompatible with his disposition. He is playful in hiaway, but it is the playfulness of a bear, not of a monkey. Mr. Gin has all the material for a very excel: lent Tony, but tire material requires a little tempering sod manipulating. Thsreuagood deal of amusement generally to be got out of the marshalling of Mr. HjaidcttttiTe servants, but it is neoexsaxy (hat 'they should look and Sot like calfish rustics. On this occasion, they had more the manner and appearance of bois terous diggers than clumsy bumpkins, from whom, however, if they had borne a general resemblance to bumpkins, the inevitable mous tache would have infallibly distinguished them. Finally, I have to qualify my general approval of Mrs.Phillips's Mrs. Hardcas tie by expressing my astonishment that an actress usually eo care ful in matters of costume, should oambine pith • very characteristic dress of the last Century, a pairaf eighteen hundred and sixty five black leather boots, with elastic sides. Manifestly, therefore, it is in burlesque that the Princess's is at present to achieve its suocesoes. Despite a natural antipathy to burlesque, I find it impossible to resist the wonderful humour of Mr. Hall, and the dash ing, ' yet eminently graceful acting of' Miss Karle. Mr. Hall has achieved that perfect mastery of iris features by which transition from the grotesque to the earnestly pathetic is a task of ease. There are moments in his performanoeof Axucena, when you can readily forget that the part is a pieoe of broad ex travagance s but yon have no sooner con trolled your imagination into a recognition of its reality, than you are flung into a paroxysm of laughter at the lndiorcma transformation presented to you. Admitting the propriety Of recognising burlesque as a legitimate divi sion of the drama, Mr. Hall must be reckoned Ss one of itsmoet successful cultivators. The unexpected turns he gives to some of the passages atom create meanings scarcely con templated by the author, but which, however, Would no doubt he accepted by him as im provements upon the original idea. The u 111 treated Trovotore" does not, probably, differ materially from many other burlesques by Mr. Byron, but the completeness with which it has been given at the Princess's—I speak (imply of the acting, for there has been nothing , exceptional in the mounting—has invested it with the character of special ercel And, apropos of old oomedies, Oolemaa'e "Poor Gentleman" was given at the Hsy markst on Monday night, by way of con cluding the seasou, and signalising the ooca aion by re-introducing Mr. Hoskina to the public. How, if you speak of genuine come- ! diana of the old school, here is one. The J Ollapod of Mr. Hoekins is a perfectly finished performance, and' budding actors may team a useful lesson by making it their study. There | Was not a toll house on this occasion, but j there ought to have been, tor no member of the Yiitorisn stage deserves better of the Vic torian public than Mr. Hotinna. The theatre' if now closed, till Guistmei it it to be pre sumed, whan the Leu tons, I understand, are j to appear in pantomime. Meantime, the , Apollo-hall (another unaooountable cram pie ' of meaningleea names),.has been opened by. some gentlemen who were lately oonnected with the Christys troupe, and eome dissolving, Views and equally dissolving raniio have'beeu presented. I have never tilt clear as to the toighni design .of the. architect in contriving. this Iflg room over, the hare, the eatranoe, had ■ thehox-oBce of this .theatre, and thp fret of i|a1(aidng bew/idint np fbr aoooptocf years, more or less, aestns to suggest that the lereeae of thp theatre hare baan in a like enndition of unoHtainty. The present egreeabb use to which it .'it! being .jjftt jin no way .soWee, the1 problem, tor es toon as thetheatre proper re Apotte-heU .(tin, I presume, eloefl, j ttaeibk ' Why,dote not somebody -$et I find nwke.ttos its jdnoe of.. {M ' * An»hm»Jtefl»*" j tysbeeu iutetinittect during the weak.; rpw; TjuesdayalghtMr.HtfrWk'liiibarefi^Wect^'j dqgwilh oinguhr liJte ithsi drearypitoe 01 jdjrawsed wectimentolity ** Oamilte," originallj; ndwia to the"IhSy «fthe Omd^S(.u"j A^.'Pwvotoilpato .iwrfrrd.apptoraboe in hMRwHnm, eome eevtnw years vjada w " the oooreioo of nriiiMtitig < m^e«^to'gMw«re.: 3h««W*^*'»hton;; toamttjh* did^hmsauuh as b*" j^yitoto la-, '4 mwU ;totoily In hdp tiding veiymdsneholy.Mdin3se&'* ra(^;tmb4mforbtHai Her jj>eiflwmanoe'/of the part.wae locked Upon as something !/ WBbpttoq»l, very .tine, very desth ;ii|e.','(uia vsry, unpleasant. Bpfb,;Mt*. Heir" :cw«iot took mhmmhKsmd atteno .. . . attcnnsted^ead 'whim the givesrm the ghost in "-Oamille " am • wonder* of wbatshe bu diad, feeling assured itieneteotoitirrijfiidn. Ihe sume'foeung used; " seeing Madame Blaoishii to present •! in^IaiTrt the absurdity of -asfoutlady; dyingpf didoot imprees one popalpabiy, seeing that a little absuniit J, more or leas, when eaerythnij isabsurdi is no groat matter.: Anderani Madame Blsnchl, inrteadof being comfortably pfomp, hadbeenaugulir and cadaverous, the 'oleaa ^tiai Yoieo in whichsbe informed; ;hqr Onendsthat die ma dying, stood jrwjy" muchin-theway of diagnosing her case a* I ope of advanced long disease. But being in opera, a» I hare an, the absurdity was only consistent. In the instance of Mrs. Hair,: however, it is Very etriking. Apart from thio, ; the play itedf U detestable, and ought never to; be noted again on the Melbourne etage. It is iitterly unwholesome, and I cannot conceive : the motive of Mr. Heir's digging it up fipm where it had been this long time deothtiy ■ buried. I am aware that many difficulty often present themselves ta bentfcialnt in the wny of telecting the pieces. nor though In theory they hare the option of fixing the pieces, practically they are limited to a . very email number, eepecuUy where a -manager is understood to consider nobody's convenience - but bis own. So it sometimes oomei about that the benefit-taker has to fix opon the piece in a hurry, at the lad moment, on account of a host of difficulties, none of tmfoh are probably of his own creating. JAQCES. 