GENERAL NEWS. On Friday evening a collision took place on' the City Bridge-road, between two buggies driven re spectively by Mr. A. Ferguson, of Adelaide, and Mr. Richard Smith, of Walkerville. Neither gentlemen had lights to their vehicles, and the night was very dark. Mr! Ferguson's buggy was smashed, and the driver thrown out over the splashboard, but he was not injured. Mr. Smith was more fortunate, his vehicle meeting with little damage. By the Coorong we have intercolonial papers to the following dates:—3ydney, July 15; Brisbane, July 13 ; Launce'ston, July 14; Hobart Town, July 13; Otago, June 28 ; Auckland, June 23; Hokitika, June 17. The general news is unimportant, but the latest reports of the markets will be found among our commercial intelligence. .. Our readers will be sorry to learn that Mr. Geo. W.Francis, the well-known Curator of the Botanic Gardens, is confined to his house by serious illness. Mr. Francis's complaint is an aggravated form of the same malady.from which he suffered such a severe attack some time ago. ... ; The Wallaroo Times says The last remaining wood-burning furnace at the Smelting Works has just been converted into a coal-consuming furnace, 24 of which, besides those in the refinery, are now in operation, and turning out large quantities of copper." The ceremony of laying the corner-stone of the Telegraph and Post-Office, Wallaroo Bay, was per formed on Wednesday, afternqon by Mr. Gavin D. Young, J.P. There were numerous spectators. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide and the Rev. B. T. Craig, who were on a visit to the neighborhood, arrived at the building a few moments after the con clusion of the ceremony. The structure will be of one storey, and will be 63 feet long by 43 feet in depth. It will contain a large office 17 feet long by 16 feet wide, a hall, a lobby, a messenger's room, five dwelling-rooms, and a Btore for chemicals used in connection with the telegraph department. The announcement that the Rev. William Taylor, of California, would preach in the Pirie-street Wes leyan Chapel on Sunday morning, July 23, caused an unusual number of persons to attend that place of worship. The Rev. John Cope, who officiated, stated that through the non-arrival of the Penola, the Rev. Mr. Taylor was not present that morning, but he: thought there was every probability of his being able [ to fulfil an engagement which he should make for him,; namely that of conducting divine Bervice in that; chapel in the afternoon, at half-past 2 o'clock. The ; Rev. Mr. Cope then delivered an excellent discourse i from Second Corinthians, ix. 15. In the afternoon the Rev. Mr. Taylor, who had arrived just prior to the service, conducted worship according to announce-; ment. The rev. gentleman discoursed from the text: in Acts i., 8:—"But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be; witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all J udea, ;| and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the ■ earth." He proceeded at length to speak of the command , given by Christ to preach the! Gospel, and of the necessity of receiving the power of i the Holy Ghost to efficiently and efficaciously declare its precepts. He pleaded earnestly with his hearers to wrestle importunately with God, even as the disci-; pies did, to whom the words of the text were ad-' dressed, and who by a single sermon on a single: day—the day of Pentecost—brought in thousands of [ J converts to the principles of the, Gospel.; There was? even a larger congregation in the evening to hear the Rev. Dr. Taylor. After the preliminary worship j | he announced his. text from Ezekiel, xxxiii. chap. 11th verse—" As I live, saith the Lord God, I have: no. pleasure in the death of the wicked; but that the; wicked turn from his way and live; turn ye, turn ye, from your evil ways ; for why will ye die ?" Mr.; Taylor in a very clear and definite manner, expounded: the doctrine of . free will, and made a strong and:] stirring personahappeal to each unconverted heart to! receive the offers of mercy. That, he said, was the! | night of their decision and awful were the consequences; involved in that determination. Eternal life and hap piness or everlasting perdition and despair would be the result. At the conclusion of the sermon! the congregation engaged in silent prayer, in; the midst of which the Rev. Mr. Taylor; sang a hymn of exhortation and encourage ment—a proceeding which, if somewhat unusual, had a very solemn effect. The rev. gentle-'; man's manner is homely, quaint, and earnest, but withal attractive and powerful. .His expositions are clear, his language flowing, and his appeals very practical and searching. He will remain in the colony, it is expected, for two or three months, and intends to work hard, if we may judge from the commencement of his ministrations, which it was announced he would continue every evening (except Saturday) during the week. The entertainments at the Victoria Theatre on Saturday night comprised the Adelphi drama " Flowers of the Forest" and the burlesque (for the last time) " Perseus and Andromeda.'' There was a good attendance, and the performances passed off successfully. This evening two new pieces will be produced, in both of which Lady Don will appeari The first will be the drama " Kathleen Mavourneen," and tbe second the burlesque entitled " Aladdin, or the "Wonderful Scamp." Ashton's Circus troupe performed at Norwood on Saturday night. The attendance was tolerably numerous, and the efforts of the various performers appeared to give general satisfaction. It wil||not be forgotten that, this evening the Circus will be re-* opened in Adelaide. Mr. Ashton advertises a number of additions to the attractions of his com pany, and doubtless the attendance will be large. The Echuca and Moama correspondent of the Deniliquin Chronicle states that the Murray river is rising steadily. Already there is water for the passage of, the steamers of lesser draught; and as the rain is reported general, and especially heavy in the hill country, a flood is looked for. ! Speaking of the Dublin Exhibition, the corres pondent of The Times says "From the Australian colonies the collections are not yet thoroughly arranged, owing to the short notice they received and the great distance they had to send. South Australia exhibits samples of her fine wheats, for which she carried off so many prize medals in London in 1862 ; also a series of water-colour drawings of the city of Adelaide and the mining districts. Queensland shows samples of silk, cotton, woods, and fibres. There is an interesting case in this department of colonial wools, in all their stages, with the manufac tured articles made from them, exhibited by J oseph Craven & Co., of Bradford. These'thin all-wool fabrics are interesting, as showing the success with , which British manufacturers are now able to compete | with the French in this class of goods, for which hitherto they hare had the greatest run. There are some marvels of skill in fine spinning in this case." A correspondent sends us the following:—"Ac cording to arrangements the District Officers of the Albert District of Rechabites proceeded to Beverley on Friday evening, to open a branch of the above Order. After the preliminaries were arranged the candidates were admitted for initiation; after which the following brothers were appointed officers of the new (Albert) Tent:—Messrs. Headdev, C.R., Oliver, D.R., B. Davies, Sec.; H. Davies, of the Northern Star Tent, was appointed P.C.R. On the Brothers taking the obligations of their respective offices D. C.R. McKinlay gave them a few. Well- timed rre marks as to the responsibility entrusted to them. Q-reat praise is due to Brother Headdey for his exer tion in getting a sufficient number to form a Tent, and we have every assurance there will bs several more proposed at their first tent meeting. 