CURRENT TOPICS. .The usual half-yearly meeting of the 3eelong Gas Company will be held to lay at the Mechanics'Institute. Mr and Mrs Heine gave a ' musical [performance yesterday evening at the Mechanics' Institute. They were assisted jy Mr Charles Stewart, one of the origin:il Christy's Minstrels, and the programme, which exhibited infinite taste in selection, was brilliantly played out, the majority of ;hc pieces being energetically encored. [Vo regret that the attendance was by no neans:so numerous as it should have been, :onsidering the high character of the en ;ertainment. A second recital is an louuced for this evening, At.the Insolvent Court, yesterday, a "emale,witness was about to be examined py Mr Harwood when, in reply to the isnal question " What ate you 1" the ady smiled, and naively replied "lam >ingle, sir." The learned interrogator ex pressed himself interested, but not sulli :iently satisfied with the admission, and ooked for "further explanations." There are occasional episodes in the •.ourse of colonial debtors, especially on ;he diggings, that read like a chapter in Sandy Andy or other similar stories that forcibly exhibit Celtic antipathy to the person and character of the bailiff. Not long-since the wife of ail insolvent at Bali a rat, for soino days successfully frith stood a seize of the domestic hearth of the whole posse of bailiffs. The latest amazonian development in the same dis trict furnishes an amusing sequel. The wife of an insolvent having notice that bailiff was approaching, at once shut up the.castle and resolved to stand a seige till tlm sole of the last boot was converted into mince beef. The bailiff demanded admittance,_ argued, coaxed, and threatened in turn, butallto no purpose. At last ho armed liimsell with an axe, and pretended to force-an entry. The besieged in the meantime was not idle, and her inventive faculty was in full play. She seized the pepper castor, emptied its contents into her hands, and waited for the last blow that was to force in the panel, and let in the obnoxious bailiff. On he came, poor man, but doomed, alas, neither to see nor to con quer, for as the door flew open to the last loud summons puff came a shower of pepper full in the face of the devoted limb'of law, who, blinded, sneezing and howling with pain, retired discomfited from the scene of his boothless triumph, leaving his friendish minded antagonist in-full temporary possession of the pre mises. Our Ballarat correspondent supplies the following;—Very little was doing at the Corner to-day, except in St. George Go 's scrip, which rose as high as L45 ; it was said that they were sold at L48 to L49, but no actual reports of such sales could be verified. The following transfers were effected—Hand in Hand L205, Leigh Grand Junction Ll5, Albion LIS 5s, City of Manchester Lll4 to Li 15, South Gren villo L23 10s to L24 10s, Great Extended L33, Band of Hope L133 (cash), Defiance L3S, Lucky LlOO, Koh-i-Noor L51. The Band of Hope Co. yesterday (Thursday) only washed about 140 ok, as the tepaibs to. the machinery are hot" all completed. The Albion Co. are washing about 45 oz. a-day. The Ballarat Amateur Ethiopian Serenaders have agreed to give a perform ance at Wincbelsea in aid of one oftbe local charities, and no doubt would, if asked, repeat their entertainment on be half of the Geelong 'Hospital. Their excellence in rendering negro melodies lias been exemplified in Geelong on pre vious occasions. The officers of the Shenandoah are not to visit Ballarat to morrow (Friday) as arranged, but no rea son has been stated. Our old townsman, MrTbomasMarshall, who has for some time been located at Echuca, writes to the Riverine Herald about wools, and the prices brought by scoured; and greasy at the last London sales:—"I have heard it expressed by many sheep farmers that the less labour employed in preparing the wools for market tlie better the result. However, the result -of the last sales must show that wools in grease, full of sand, locks, daggings, &c.;, will soon be looked at with distrust botli here and in England j there fore, it should be a matter of thought to the settlers, whether wools should not be generally washed, scoured, or in such wise carefully prepared, that they may meet a market, which, from a gradual overstock, must be a declining one. . . I doubt, however, if Messrs Winter Brothers, of, Colbinabbio, do not find out that the great condensation that wools are subject to in passing through Petrie and Taylor's machines, at a pressure of fifteen tons, causes such an excessive loss in weight that it will require a very long price to pay. Some of Mr Tyson's wool, scoured in Melbourne this season by these machines lost G2.4 9ths percent. In England, where wools are prepared by the noil and top manufacturing machinery, the whole of the yolk is withdrawn and the wools thoroughly scoured, but the weight is again reproduced to a certain extent by the suction of transparent oils. The water of "the Murray is so soft, and the weather generally so fine, that by employ ing a number of workmen, and the erec tion of adequate sheds and washing stages, a large quantity of wool can be go°t through in a week, and equally well scoured as by the machines, provided the wools were of-an equal quality. Besides it appears a matter of calculation as to whether cold, water washiug for open wools will not produce a better result, as the return will be at least 25 per cent heavier, and the difference in price if well got up, not materiel." "An Old English Gold and Silver toimth, who hails from Stieglitz, in com menting upon the speech of Mr Bannister at the late tariff meeting, supplies us with the following information respectiii" the trade in and manufacture of the precious metals " Gold and silver are not products of Great Britain, no resi dent can therefore in any way contribute to the public revenue by their production - but every manufacturer of gold or silver in Great Britain, of certain qualities, has to pay 21s per oz duty on all gold manu factured of 18 carats, or eighteen parts pure gold in tweiity-four parts, by weight and 13 6d—not Is 8d—as asserted by this speaker per oz. ou silver This tax is so old and well known that, he should not have quoted from a printed book. It was not introduced for revenue purposes. The amount does little more than meet expeuses of collection. It was introduced during the wars of George III,, to prevent the extraction of gold and silver from the currency (a subject less understood in the Australias than revenue duties). -It did and still acts in this manner. Gold and silver have never Varied in price as during the present war it has done in America. The Bunk of England has always made' payments in gold at the rate of L3 17s lOid per oz., and paid with silver at 5s 4d per oz 10 2-12 pure silver. The duty on imported gold and silver is therefore not a protective duty to manufacturers put a free-trade duty charge, for you' importers pay the same duty that the British manufacturer pays. Gold and silver watch cases are exempt from this duty, and so are like foreign manufac tures. Clocks and watches pay ail ad valorem duty reckoned equal to the amount contributed to the revenue by the makerin director indirect taxation durin" the period of production.. ° Avery curious fraud was brought under the cognizance of the Melbourne City Police Court yesterday. One Solomon Nathan sold a cask of brandy, or a cask purporting to contain brandy eighteen degrees above proof, to 'a publican in Bourke-street. The cask was tapped the brandy tested and approved of, and'the money paid; but it was subsequently discovered that the cask only contained a quart of brandy, enclosed in a ba<* the rest of the contents being water.0'The case will be investigated on a future day. The Melbourne District Polico Mams trate decided yesterday that water pipes laid on to premises by a tenant are landlord's fixtures: and that the practice hitherto followed of removing those pipes when laid at the tenants expense is illegal. Arrange ments will therefore have .to be made with the landlord. , The crops at Talbot aro thus described by the local journal of Tuesday last •— . The crops around us are now gathered m, and despite the rust and drawbacks incidental to a dry season, Choy look re markably well. With some of the farmers, it must be admitted, that the crops this season are not so heavy as last pear, but then there is a corresponding advantage in the fact that the rust has Z thi'V0 th'?K?a ?n, that occasion. Dn the farm of Mr Atkins, of Mount Beckwortb, a somewhat singular occur ence took place. At the beginning of ;be season his wheat was covered with ' and although many of his nernh jours cut down their crops similarly iffected, he determined to let his stand By degrees the rust disappeared, and ivlien the period came for cutting, his crop jvas as well looking as could be desired. , v !t came to pass in this instance that ;he rust disappeared without the applica tion of any remedy is worthy of iuvestma aon. Other farmers have not been so ortunate in this respect, On the farm1 of ;Mr Ogilby the wheat crop has turned out well, the yield' being computed at 36 bushels to the acre. Mr Ogilby we should imagine, however, stands alone this year in the productiveness of his ground." About two years ago the Ballarat Chamber of Commerce flickered and went out—sloped away quietly without paying its secretary's salary. The extraordinary resuscitation of the body in the nick of time to express disgust at the tariff has been the theme of jests innumerable. Here is one hit from the Sun :—I have read of a party of young medical students experimenting on a dying donkey for tho purpose of restoriug life, and tbey suc ceeded so far as to iuduce the animal to give one last vigorous kick, a kick which broke the jaw of the leading operator. But I never had the pleasure until Mon day last, of witnessing.the galvanic resur rection of a Chamber of Commerce—a once renowned local body, which died of atrophy two years ago, and was, as we all thought, decently buried. This indecent performance was got up in a great hurry by certain of our local notorieties, in order that the reappearance of the much abused ghost might terrify tho Ministry into compliance. The performance^ com menced by a celebrated rapper taking a chair, on which he first sat for a few. seconds, then suddenly jumped up, read an advertisement, and suggested that-as the business to be transacted was partly of a private character, somebody had better turn off the gas. This caused a great sensation, and pushing of hands into breeches pockets, in the midst of which,, a Arcane-sighted individual bawled out that it was broad daylight, being only four p.m., and that the performers had chosen the wrong time of day to do- their dirty business.. (Im mense confusion and cries of " Go it Baker.":. . T M'DowalL is : chairman!" " HearrJones's extempore speech, pure and unadulterated," <kc. lu fact such was the noise that I thought some hitch had occurred in the business, and that instead of the. Chamber of. Commerce, we had fallen into the company of some half dozen donkeys. * * * The large table on which was a chair, with the leading opposition actor, began to sway to and fro, under the influence of not less than twenty hands, they certainly were not all very clean, however. A large jug with water commenced a peculiar gyratory movement, and ultimately flew at . the head of a leading teetotaler, drenching him thoroughly. A glass found its way to the nose of a leading sbarebroker and auctioneer, and the table, after surging in free air for a few seconds, went off bodily to the ceiling, aud then came down with a thud. No more was done. The people made general rush to tho door, and I was glad to escape from one of the most impudent and disgusting manifestations which have ever taken place on Ballarat. 