the new tariff. mi? AT PROTECTIONIST MEETING. a "monster" meeting, convened bythoAus- tnlasiiui Reform League, wns held' last night in ta Exhibition building. Every part of Die , ,,ns crowded to suffocation long before .briiour appointed for Die proceedings to com mence Upon Die plntform.>crc Die Hon. J. M.L.C., Mr. Burtt, M.L.A, Mr. G. r, M I A Mr. Kyte, M.L.A., nnd Mr. Seen M.L.A. , together with several gentle- IlartX-Oi , , j j protectionist movement. mCMr JOHN lIUlandb, who was called upon taKdo, cnnie ftnvnrd, and amidst great uproar' S to be supported in the position in which he f uwlniS. (Confusion.) If they wore to ! « mis sort of rowdyism then farewell to nil freedom of speech nnd farewell to all their rights , f ' ago n meeting was held m that buMnff, anil tiic sneakers were listened to with . Si r" hear, hear," and cheers), nnd now fXwrlit tint Die other side should obtain a Mr hcarhi". (" Ob, oh," cheers, and uproar.) \ few inoiitiis ago n general election took place, ! tlicv then sent certain gentlemen into Parliament In represent their .opinions and to Janv out certain principles with regard to the (Cheer?5, confusion, Oh, oh, - itirn Mm out " "Shut up.") A (fight took place on . "platform, and the .objectionable party having ton removed, Die chairman proceeded.) He laid tlmt if something like order was not re ared lie should at once adjourn the mcctiug. litre Mr. Wcmyss Jobson, who wns on the plat form, created, a disturbance, and a scuttle took place, mingled groans nnd cheers resounded throughout the building, and amidst a perfect storm of confusion tho chairman called upon Mr. G. Ilcrrv to move the first resolution. Mr. Gn.uiAM Berry, M.L.A., who was erected with mingled cheers, lussos, and groans, remarked tlmt the meeting was a practical illus tration Of what could be done with the L5000 which had been collected. (Uproar.) Ilicy knew well how a few persons could disturb u meeting when they cnnie primed for the purpose of Mouuinii the mouths ot tho spcflkcrs. ( Oh, oh," "Shut up," "Lie down," and great con fusion.) It was quite possible for one person in a hundred to disturb a meeting. (' boitis; groans.) People bad been brought there who know nothing ulMuteitlicrFree-tYiule or Protection. ( Oh,nli, and confusion.) l ie hud seen Die drays of saiut- ridge himself bringing up the people who had Kcursl orders to stop the mouths of the speakers, (ffreat confusion.) This rowdy meeting wouhl a) lliem more good. It would improve their rai/sc, and lie was glad that the Snndridgo men Jiail been sent to put them down. (Renewed uproar ami cheering.) Those men who hud ugitntcu Melbourne in the interest of the importers had orouglit turwnvu no nrgiuneui ngiuusi. me and bail sent the unreasonable lumpers of Sand ridgc to disturb tho meeting. (Great confusion, which lasted several minutes.) If any one had only read the proceedings of the Elections Com mittee they would know what the Sandridgc lumpers were cnpnhlc of, nnd tills was only an extra dose of what they gave Byrne. (" Oh, oh," cliccrs, and groans.) The Free-trade League had raised money, not for legitimate purposes, hut to pack this meeting, nnd their hirelings ctuue there witli pepper, rotten eggs, and rowdyism. (Grent uproar and renewed cheering.) They would have their way uotwithsl ending the unreasoning rowdy brutes. (Grent uproar.) All Die statements made hy the importers were self-contradictory, nnd were proved n lie. ("Oil, oh," " Slmme," " Yes," cheers, nnd groans.) Tiie whole increase ef taxation wns only LlOO.tlOO, or nt the rate of 3«. per head in n year. The whole of this row anil commotion was made hy the importers nnd soitgooJs men. They were 'wcnllhy, hut they were not to override the people nnd tiie Legisla ture which linil been elected by the people. This was llie whole question over again, whether the people nt the Imilot-box should be at tho mercy of men who lmd made their money out of the linrd earnings of the people. (" Oh, oh," cheers, nnd uproar.) Be did not think so for ono moment, ami lie was sure that the people did not think so. Every man in Die community lind n fair light to be heard. (Confusion, the noise lasting for a considerable time.) The Chairman asked for a fair hearing for the speaker. Mr. Bnnnv continued : He wouhl not pretend tomnke n speech, hut he now protested against ink rowdyism. He could not argue with brutes. (Great uproar, hisses, and cheers!) It men coultl tat hear reason and listen to arguments, it could wearily seen who sent them una nniil them. (Re- newed uproar.) This meeting would show the Assembly tlint they should lie firmer man ever it tltey wished to preserve Die young industries of n new eountry. lie moved the following, resolution,, which wasre- "'j1.'1 ''''ecrs, groans, nnd waving oflinls: — Hint this meeting, believing that the passage of the ministerial tariff now before tiie Leirislntive Assembly win result iu increasing the percentage ot employment, and in developing the resources of me country, is of opinion that n petition praying me, Legislative Council to puss the measure us iT'dy impossible ought to he adopted." Tliey ,'ta " Ministry fortunately true to the people, and Jtay had told tile softgoods houses tlint they could ,,, overrule legislation. Iio snid to every one I "iny 6'muM rally constitutionally round tho Assembly nnd support the Government, nnd sny tat no other Government should have n chance ,;£v«"'»K the country unless they carried out m'' i (Chceis and' confusion.) i ' . Uauk tflen cnnie forward to second tan i50 "' Having stood Die test of an eloc- t Wl,s accustomed to this sort of noise. Last ;'ei e Wus " large number of Protectionists Wj.i "I, 11 faceting on Free-trade. They tan. .i flfcc- lrniler, but this meeting wouhl not mm/ 1,8 tllc.y were frightened nt their nrgu- ,1 "re , /hey hod no L5000 to spend. (Conftt- Ita in .. exactly agree with the tariff I Win . i . 0 IU0U w'l ''ad partaken of the J.t " "'iff fi'ey might ns well attempt to stop Die 01 J'je Yurrn ns endeavour to stop this min (f'J'eat confusion, which lasted several ln.fn.nl' r- C|UT, regarding the great nuiss vou mi","' """tinned: What, you little mulls, and ?. c"",c every dny. (Laughter, cliccrs, tat tn i"r') '"le l,C0P'e of this colony were mcrce ,„50vcnu:i' Ay the Chamber of Com- wx« i ;',fl"t " very sudden sympathy this wariU !.j Collins street displayed to- binmlv i l10tlr ,1,nu 1 Wlmt did it mean ? Them in, 1s0 "'"Y themselves were affected, skins "cvo,e"cc and love ranged irom molo- to l,e tad , 3 C"P If the people were softer "'"so importers tliey would lie (Cheer- HI! i "oftqst bale of goods ever lauded, hi 111'; tniilT mi"f1S',i Tflere ninny ninny tilings 'twas n '""''"eh lie clearly dissented from, but 'twns rccoCn'tlon of one grent principle, ject lmd . eooeealing the fact that thesub- mnn of u e n?, T'1 101 "le cl|a'r- Pleawd „? i f Commerce say what lie progrcs' """"'natter what tliey did it would down tiIt? !IS1""' They would not be put '"it nt n i1'/„'m,,ott'a"ednn afternoon meeting, ho present I hv"" 1 t c working "ten coiifil Veiinieniv' /). ,e-'vnile dare not listen to the fusion.) ' fCreat cheering, groans, and con- ,io».r'wiiuhaf suPPr"nff tiie rcsolit- toaffq on„ . /'ee-trndcrs and Protectionists professed to t/! i .s,lme profession. They both future wnir ? '"'created in the present ? Pent (h'freren,1.,,0- 'Ac colony. But there was '""'viiliinls hil l 'Sl w'"c'' tflese two classes of country cr " sl,on;» 'fle'r interest in the J .Cliccrs.) l or the last 10 or 11 years the Protectionists had faithfully and earnestly ndvocntcd the principles which were endorsed nt Die last election as lining absolutely necessary for the country's well-being. IIow different wns Die conduct of the Free-traders. All their interest nnd diligence were in their own business, nud their chief concern was how tliey were to fill their own pockets (loud cheers), caring little for Die prosperity of Victoria, either present or future. (Hear, hear.) All nt once, however, tltey manifested a particular regard for the work ing classes, but they would not linvo expressed one word in favour "of the masses laid not their own pockets been nli'ected. The great principle which Free- trailers enunciated, and which was repented during tho pidt week, wns Die right to purclinso commodities how, when, and where tliey liked. (llcnr, hear.) But those who said so, and who found fault; witli the tariff, were those whose pockets would ho touched. (Some confusion nud u short interruption were occasioned hero hy inspector Iinre tnkuig hold of n man ill the front of the gallery, amidst cries of "That's lie;" "Ho 1ms been throwing pepper down here;" "Turn liiin out." Order living restored the speaker proceeded.) He denied Dint the principle ol' inlying in the cheapest uud sellhig ill tiic dearest mnrket was the sole one which should guide the colony, nnd ns a Protectionist lie repudiated it, and contended tlmt it was unsound. . The question of morality was equally involved iu it, because it was possible to obtain goods lrom certain quarters nt a cheap rate, hut which for moral reasons ought not to lie bought. Freo- trnilo lmd lind a fair trial for many yenrs past, and why was there not general prosperity here ? for ho presumed no one would he insane enough to sny that there was perfect prosperity hero. Let Protection nlso have a fair trial, and it would then be seen whether the colony could not prosper under it. (Cheers,) For lie would rather listen to the musical bells of the iiictorics than to all the silly nonsense of the Chnmlwr of Commerce. Mr. Jubson came forward to move an amend ment, hut wns received with n deafening storm of cheers and hisses, which utterly precluded him from being heard by those in the closest proximity to him. The Chairman put it to Die meeting whether Mr. .Tolisoii should bo heard, and a show ofiinnda being taken, lie declared that the sense of tiic audience wns ngninst Iiim. Mr. JonsoN snid lie would -not lie satisfied with tills, and wns about to make some remarks, when lie was seized hold of and thrust forcibly ofT Alio platform, resisting violently. lie was ejected from the building, struggling wildly, nnd with disordered attire, with liis relentless enptors. The resolution was then put, nnd carried hy an overwhelming majority, only a few hundred hands in the body of Die hull (icing held up in favour of it. The announcement of the result wns received with mingled groans and cliccrs. Mr. Kyte came forward to propose Die next resolution, lie jumped on the platform waving a handkerchief. He deliberately took off liis coat, folded it up, and laid it over the rails of the platform. The noise nnd confusion in creased in intensity, and Mr. Kyte, after a few moments' pnusc, went through soine pantoiniinic action, tossing up n ls. nnd catching it in liis hand. Finding it imjiossible to get a hearing, he moved, without observation, the adoption of Die following petition to tiie Legislative Council : — "To tiie lion, the President and the members of the Legislative Council, in Parliament assembled. — The petition of the undersigned colonists of Vic toria humbly showeth : Tlmt your petitioners tire desirous tiiat the attention of your honourable House should be drawn to the fact that nt the recent elections four members of your honourable House, nnd two-thirds of the members of the Legislative Assembly, were returned to Parliament pledged to support n revision of" the tariff Tlint your peti tioners arc of opinion tlint thealtcrntion in Die tai ifi" agreed to by n large majority of the Legislative Assembly, if carried into law, will" result in reducing the price of the necessaries of life - in extending employment amongst, children and skilled labourers — in developing Die resources and adding to Die capital of tiie country. That your petitioners nave leavned tlint petitions, emanating from persons directly interested in the importing" and currying trade, nnd praying tlmt the Tariff Hill may lie rejected, nro about to he presented to your honourable House. That your petitioners, believing tlint no chnngc hns taken place in Die opinion of the country on this very important question since tiic general election, pray your honourable House to disregard the petitions of the importers nnd carriers, and to puss the Tariff Bill as rapidly as possible." , Mr. T. Y. Andbuson seconded the motion in a short speech, scarcely u word of which was audible beyond 3ft. of Iiim. The motion was nlso carried hy a large ma jority. Mr. Burtt, M.L.A., proposed n vote of thanks to the chairman, whom he characterised as a young mnn of sterling honesty. He declared tlmt the tariff' would tic carried in spite of nil opposi tion. Their opponents were afraid of argument ; they dare not face it ; it was a ghost to Diuin. lie never felt such n swell iu liis life. (Derisive cheers.) All Die lumpers and the dirty men of Snndridgo appeared to have congregated llicre. (Hear, hear.) So much for Moore and bribery. _The motion wns seconded, and the Chairman having briefly responded, the immense assemblage slowly dispersed. 