COMPLIMENTS OF THE SEASON SONGS. (Dedicated sans permission to Mr Sydney Punch.) AIR: Lady Clare Vere de Vere. BARDIE BARTON! hear, O, hear Of us you shall not win renown; You thought to make the country start To see you, ere you came to town. For us you smiled, but unbeguiled, We saw your rhymes, and we retired: The father dear of puny puns, You are not one to be desired. Bardie Barton! hear, O hear, We know you think you've earned your fame Your pride is yet no mate for those, Too proud to care from whence you came. Nor would we break for your sweet sake A taste that doats on truer charms. The butcher's poet and yourself Are hardly welcome to our arms. Bardie Barton! hear, O hear, Some greener pupils you must find, For were you king of all that is, We could not stoop to such a mind. You sought to prove how you might move, But our disdain hath put you by, The coldness on your faithless face Is not more cold than our reply. Bardie Barton! hear, O hear, You put strange memories in the head. Not much your bounteous beard hath grown Since * * * * your low-born whimpers read. Oh, your sharp verse and periods terse: A cutting critic you may be; But there was that across his face Which you had hardly cared to see. Bardie Barton, hear, O hear, When thus he met his people's view They had the passions of their kind, They spake some certain truths of you. Indeed, we heard one bitter word-- A bitter word, you know, and hard; Their manners had not that repose Which stamps the face of Punch's bard. Bardie Barton! hear, O hear, You have not heard the story all: A shameful sin is at your door: You changed a wholesome heart to gall. You held your course without remorse To make him doubt his modest worth; And, last, you tied the stranger's hands And stabbed him with your wretched mirth. Bardie Barton! hear, O hear! Ah, Bardie Barton, is it meet That you should whine because we like The music in a neighbouring street? Howe'er it be, it seems to thee Not noble to be merely good. The man must have a bitter tongue Who revels in thy brotherhood. Bardie Barton, hear, O hear, You pine because we slight your "powers." The languid light of your vain eyes Is wearied of the rolling hours. In glowing health sans work and wealth You sicken of a vague disease; You know so ill to deal with time You needs must play such pranks as these. Barton, Barton! hear, O hear! If Time be heavy on your hand, Are there no "billets" at your beck? Not any "berth" at your command? Oh! teach the student how to pun, Or teach the student how to know That yours have not the ghost of wit, And let your foolish fancies go. 