MAGAZINES FOR MARCH. CFrom our own Correspondent.) London, 27th March. MACMILLAN Gives us sotna more extracts from Lady Duff Gordon's 'Letters from Egypt.' Here is a description of her visit to thb tomb of the high-born Abul and Hajjaj. ' Yesterday I rode over to Knrnac; glorious bright 6un anA AeMmnna nir. Mustafa joined me, and pressed me to visit the Sheyku's tomb for the benefit of my health, as he and Sheykh Yussuf wished to say a Fathah for me ; but I must not drink wine at dinner, I made a little difficulty on the score of difference of religion, but Sheykb. Yussuf, who came up, 6aid he presumed I worshipped God and not stones, and that sincere prayers were good anywhere. Clearly the bigotry would hare been on my side if I had refused any longer ; so in the evening I went with Mustafa. It was a curious sight : the little dome illuminated with as much oil as the mosque could afford, and beneath it the tombs of Abul Hajjaj and his three eons ; a magniBcent old men, like fa ther Abraham himself, dressed in white sat on a carpet at the foot of the tomb ; he was the head of the family of Abul Hajjaj. He made me sit by him Bnd was extremely polite. Then came t!ie Nazir (magistrate), the Cadi, a Turk traveller on Government business, aDd B few other gentlemen, who all sat down round «is, after kissing the hand of the old Sheykh. Every one talked; in fact it was a soiree lor the entertain ment of the dear Sheykh. A party of men sat at the further end of the place, ?with their faces to the kibleh, and played on a taraboukel (sort of 6un drum stretched on earthenware, which gives a peculiar sound), a tambourine without hells, and little tinkling cym bals, fitting on the thumb and finger (crotales), and cbaunted songs in hon our of Mahommed, and verses from the Psalms of David. Every now and then, one of our party left off talking, and prayed a little or counted his beads. The old Sheykh sent for coffee and gave me the first cup— a wonderful concession ; at last the Nazir proposed a Fathah for me, which the whole croup round me repeated aloud ana then he said to me : — ' Our Lord God bless thee, and give thee health and peace, to thee and thy family, and take thee back to thy master and thy cbild ern ;' every one adding ' Ameen,' and giving the salaam with the hand. I returned it, and said, — 'Our Lord re ward thee and all thy people for kind ness to strangers,' which was con sidered a very proper answer. After that we went away and the worthy Nazir walked home with me. In Cairo or Lower Egypt, it would be quite impossible for a Christian to enter aSheykh's tomb at all;— above all at bis birthday festival, and on the night of Friday.' 'The Rash Vow,' by 'I. H. Lewin, is a fine soliloquy in blank verse o! a monk, during the first night of his living entombment. ' The Sha dow of Death' by Miss Cobbe, repre sents the last of the Druids as visited in his cave by seven suppliants. They are a queen, a knight, a rich and gene rous brother, a bard, a sage seeking and imparting knowledge, a maiden ministertng to the weak and ignorant, and mother,— ail lamenting unrequited love, and asking what must I do to awaken his love. After the appear ance of an illustrative vision, 'the Druid turned mournfully to the sup pliants, and said :— ' Only this solace nave I for your aching hearts, sleeping love will awaken when over him falls the Shadow of Death'.' There is an admirable little essay on 'True Perspec tive in Art and Life,' the gist of which may be gathered from tb.3 remark, — ' There are some people unfortunately so constituted that it is almost impos sible for them to take b true view of things or persons.' Goldwin Smith examines ' The Proposed Constitution ?for British North America,' is not disposed to accept it without explana tion and en bloc, investigates die mean ing of terms, and gives warning that what has bacome indigenous in the mother country may not benr trans planting. Dr Hamilton tells about 'The Early Years ofEuasmrs'; and the author of ' Doctor Antonio' about ' San rcmo.' ' The Hillyars and the Burtons' and ' Son of the Soil' still continue. j FRAEER Reproduces the Speeah of the Dean of St. Paul's as it was delivered before the Clerical Subscription Commission, on the 22nd April, 1864, arguing that sub scription is ineffective, und at the same time galling and demoralising to the subscribers. 'Virginia, First and Last,'1 is the title oi an admirable and tem perate paper, written by one who sym pathises with the Virginians in their present conflict., and anticipates for them yet an honorable career. Be ginning with the poetic Btory of Captain John Smith and the Indian Princess Pocahontas he traces the history of the State, and reoals many pleasant nssocm tions with different localities, — chiefly referring to EnstVirginin. 'Old Gover nor Spottswood— afjer whom the county torae named SpotUylvania — is said to have tried to establish in the neigh bourhood of Frederickuburg a society on the pattern of Sir Thomas More's Utopia. Tradition assigns a beautiful island in the Rappahannock, two miles ?bove Fredericksburg, on which are some old ruins, but which is now unin habited, as the locality selected for Utopia. Much of this tcgion was settled by many Scotoh families, whose descendants have always benn the most prominent persons in the neighbour hood. Douglass Gordon, of Fredericks burg, is perhaps the wealthiest man in Virginia : it is said that, foreseeing the present war, he managed to bring liis money to England, but returned, and is now devoting his energies to the Confederacy. Amongst these early Scotch settlers were the brothers Campbell, one of whom was the father of the poet. It would seem that Thomas came near being a Virginian. His father retired from business, and re turned to Glasgow about the time of his birth. There is a tradition in Vir ginia that the poet once visited that State, and that it was in full view of the fine scenerv of the Rappahanoock that he wrote ' Lord Ullin's Daughter.' But it is probable that, if the poet hod ever gone to America, he would have taken a peep at the valley of Wyoming, in Pennsylvania. A friend of the writer related that he once visited Campbell, who asked him if ho had ever seen Wyoming. On being told that he had, the poet asked if the description in Gertrude was anything' like the place. My friend told the truth as gently as he could, but there was no resemblance at all ; upon which poor Campbell wept from mortification.' Here is the writer's view of the cause of war : — 'The Anti- Federal and State sovereignty party was by no means an especially pro-slavery party. It is only in modern times that it seised upon the rapid growth of anti-slavery opinion in the North as a means of alarming the South, in order to secure its own darling project — a dissolution of the Federal Union. It has been frequently asserted, and it is to be found in some of Mr. Se ward's despatches, that the real wish of the Secessionists was not to destroy the Union but to rule it. This is true of most the Gulf States. King Cotton would no doubt have been satisfied with perpetual rule over the Union. But the power behind his throne— represented by the Carolinians and the Virginians — was that of men determined to dissolve the Union at any risk to slavery. They were before the most earnest and cultivated men in the South. For the end of regaining that sovereignty of their States which their fathers had voted away, they did not hesitate to incite tltc Nerth to a more hostile attitude towards slavery.' A short contribution from Mr, J. C. Fronde, the historian, shows ' How Ireland was governed in the sixteenth century.' He has come across some papers in the Record Office, unques tionably authentic, which prove that the representatives and servants of ' Good Queen Bess' rather liked a little human slaughter, and slew with out sufficient reason men, women, and children. A paper on ' The Law of Honour' gives tiis history of Duelling. Reasons for its practice. The writer thinks a return to it preferable to the dishonourable and disgraceful language and practices of the mess-room. T$\bb Cobbe contributes a second paper on 'The Hierarchy of Art.' 'Gilbert Rugge' and ' The Armlet' are con tinued. Other papers are on 'Meri- vale's Sermons on the Conversion of the Roman Empire' — (the Boyle lec ture) — ' Working Men's Clubs and Institutes,' and ' Law Reporting.' BLACKW10D Contains ' second parts' of ' The Right Honourable W. Gladstone, M.P,' 'Etoniana,' and '' Miss Marjoribanks.' This young lady gains some more vic tories, but meets with one rebuff, dis plays her self-conceit, and never for gets to tell her new friends that her ' grand object in life is to be a comfort to papa.' In an article on '? William Blake' there is the following passage — ' We nre all periodical— wo are all but portions of tue same weighty stream. The ephemeral nature of our literature is not due to want of talent, but to the very opposite cause, to the redundency of talent. One novel ob literates another, not because the first was unworthy to live, but because the second is as worth as the first. To the second comes a third equally wor thy. The public hundred-handed as it is, caDDOt hold them all, sad as the newest is the most attractive, it must, of force, drop the old ones while it stretches forward to the new. Can you expect the charm of style to pre serve a book ? The English language could not be better written than it often is for a composition confessedly intended to last for a single day. It is true, however, that a great audience is to be spoken to in that single day. A. ' Times' newspaper in its short life, has had more readers than Milton's poem gained through half a century. It holds the position of the orator rather than of the writer. We all in a measure rather speak than write. The very advance of our knowledge tends to abridge the life of our best books. Science can hardly be said to hare any literature ; it has only a record of its progress. The ablest text book is su perseded in a few years. Our books of science, like our law books, are worth nothing if they are notof tha lastedition. And, of late years, history has been much in the same predica ment as science. So many new sources of information have been opened and so many new points of view ro vealed to intelligent criticism, that our most advanced historians rather give us contributions to the history of some period, than attempt the final record ol that period.' A reviewer of 'Sir E. Bulwer Lytton's poems,' of which r new edition has just been published, gives them qualified praise, — they are ' delightfnl,' but ' grave and sombre ' 'Guy Neville's Ghost' is a capital tnle ; and ' Piccadilly ; an Episode ol Contemporaneous Autobiography,' part 1, iB first-rate. The only other piece is ' The Tuft Hunter.' 'A word for an ill-used class.' O'Dowd. They say I'm a Tuft hunter ; but I say the Tuft hunts me, And in the mutual league we've made, I'm needed more than he. He finds the wine, I find the wit : we both are well requited ; But ask, if liis ' good things' or mine have most the guesta delighted I bring it to this issue, and there cannot be a plainer : At last night's feast, should be, or I, be be called the entertainer.' CORNHILL Contains a paper on 'The Present Position of Landscape Painting in Eug ? land,'— pointing out the scope and aims of landscape painting, the present state of its appreciation in. this country, and expresses the belief that full justice has not been done it, and that there are lew who really love nature. Another paper on 'The Winds ' speaks of their origin, and of their characteristics iu different parts of the world. ' Iseruia de'Addio,' is a Garibaldinn reminis cence. ' Willie Buird,' is1 r poem. ' A Midsummer Ride in South China,' describes men, manners, and scenery. ' Armadale,' aud ' Wives and Daugh ters'' keep uj) their interest. THE OWL After its hybernation has begun to ' hoot' again ; some readers will be glad to listen to it. THE TORY ULYSSES, ' The measure which, iu my own mind, in paramount, is the Government of some tribunal of last appeal iu spiritual mat ters, which the circumstances of the day imperatively demand.'— Mr. D'Isracli at Oxford, Nov. 1802. It little profits that an idle chief, Matched with a helpless team, I mete and dole Unlikely hopes to a Boeotian race That vote, and speak, and cheer, but like not me. I cannot rest for office ; I must drink Pow'r to the lees : all lines I have essayed, Invective and corruption, both with those That served me, and alone ; 'gainst l'am, and when Ihrough misty periods Gladstone's elo quence Swayed the fogged house : I am became a joke ; For always struggling with a hungry heart Much have I tried and failed ; cabals of men, Divisions, parties, councils, governments, Myself not least, but salaried of them all ; And drunk delight of battle with the whigs, Oft hi the stinging strife of wordy war, I've held a part in all that I have met ; Yet all experience is an arch where thro' Gleam those far distant seals, whose outlines fade For ever aud for ever where I move. How dull it is to pause, to make an end To rust on pension, not to draw full pay And this gray spirit yearning in desiro To lead the Tories, like the magi's star Up to the cradle where their advent lies. There lies the Ueuch — the Treasury Bench, I mean — There gird itstreach'rous seas. My hicr arclis, Souls, that at Oxford lately thought with me, I bid you with a frolic welcome, take Hope's happy ray of sunshine, aud pre pare Your votes aud speeches ; you bin! I arc old, Anil bo is Parliament ; hut ere the end Same work of noMe note may yet be done Not unbecoming men that would be lands Election lights are twinkling o'er the land. The session wanes : ' dissolve' is heard — the Church Moans round with many voices. Come, my friends, In convocation start this new idea. Unite, and, acting well together, smite All vulgar heretics. Tor my purposes A Court of High Review 'tivill well suffice To advocate : mid ' Church in danger' cry. It may be that the House will wash ua down— It may be we shall pass our little bill. And reap the grateful 'Uuffos' 'twill confer Tho' mncli is taken, much abides; and iho We are not now that strength wkich in old days , Used sword and stake; that which we are we are ; One nrdent temper of ambitious hearts Made weak by time and fate, but strong in will, As much as we have lost again to win. Haiti Suit Qui Mai q Feme. A year ago poor Denmark cried For aid, which we refused the martyr; But since he's one leg left, we've tried To bind up one wound with— a Garter ' Deputation,' says the Chancellor of the Exchequer, ' is o noun of multitude which signifies many, but docs not signify much.' Punch. — Here and there.— Song by Clown. Here we arc 1 Let you ami me Think how long we've here to stay, We are here now, ah, but we Shall be there another day I When we were'nt here, there we were Here when we no more remain, Then again we shall be there, Shouting, ' Here we are Bgain !' PUNCU. 2h« Extradition, of Criminal*. — ' A Hungry Keeper' enquires whether they have the extra dish because they are criminals. Our Curate ; or Julia's Occupation Gone. — Amelia (glancing mournfully at the Curate, as he passes by with an air of indifference to everything sublunary, and attired in the style of Brother Igna tius), ' Oh, Julia ! it's no use working slippers for him, and mamma says, she is sure he don't want braces ; so whut must wo do to save him from marrying out of the pnrish !' Oxford University Intelligence.— The Bodon Professor will lecture on Cicero's Oratory und the Orutory of Brompton. At the Taylor Institution there will be lectures on the Habits of the Ancientc. The Professor of Politi cal Economy will lecture on the 'Theory of Rent.' The text for his first dis course will be, 'Don't you wish )'ou may get it.' Tho Margaret Professor will, every Tuesday and Thursday even ing, during the ensuing Term, give ' Woman, lovely woman,' as u tonst. At Corpus there' will be tho usual lec ture on Biintingism. The Professor of Logic will give lectures on his own premises. Pretty nea- the Mark.—' What do I think of the. Davenports 1' said Smith, the other night, al'tvt attending a sinmce. ' Why, I think they nre a couple of rather clever conjurois, ft viola itvo !' Recognition.— -The Federals must not be nngry with us, but every time we go to see thu juggling of the Daven ports, or oilier humbugs, we Recognise the Confederates. Ihe Quality of Speech.— At the Music Halls, visitors now call lor ' nnother acrobat,' when they want a second tumbler. Earning his Certificate. — Family Doctor: 'And no Port, mind if you drink port wine you'll have another attuck of gout, as snre as fate.' Coun try Gentleman : 'Quite certain ?' Doc tor : ' No doubt about it.' Country Gentleman : ' The very thing. You stay and dine ; we'll have some of that '34, and — I'm summoned on a jury the day after to morrow !' The Davenports Jndone. Sure the Davenport Brothers got To the cud of their rope, well-nigh, When their Ferguson cut the knot, Which their spirits could not uutie Make Him a Peer. Having finished his ' Iliad' And ceased to be busy, Lord Derby should try And translate his odd— dizzy. 