PUNCH IN PARLIAMENT. I Friday, Nov. 17. i "With "souls and bodies in the action both," hon. members rushed to the tilting yard, in Maequarie-street, at half-past 3, in sure and certain hope of a " jolly row," nor were their anticipations doomed to disap pointment, as the sequel proved. Mr. Comtek, said that though he had engaged a man of all "Works," nobody had yet applied for the situation of head gardener, now vacant j through Robertson's sublime resignation, and it did not matter a bit, | as he and his colleagues meant to do the work between them : John Herbert could do the sweeping; Thomas was an excellent "scrubber;" I Samuel was a capital cook ; Cuxneex could do all the dirty work ; | Tighe could be engaged as char-woman ; and nobody could hold a I candle to himself at making " apple-pie" beds. I Mr. Buchanan rose, and, in a voice quivering with, emotion, im plored the House to lose no time in affording protection to lunatics for his sake, as there was no knowing how soon he might require it. Mr. Comtek said, not for Buchaxax's sake alone, hut as a matter affecting the future prospects of every Member of the House (except himself), the question was one of the highest importance, and he would be happy to give it due consideration, if somebody else would do so for him. Mr. Maktix stated the present state of the law with reference to the removal of lunatics, insinuating that it was rather a delicate matter, possibly involving a general election. Messrs. Driver and. Lucas objected to the Bill, as they might he among its first victims, and what would become of the country then P Mr. Fokster said it woidcl be all right, for he meant to stop where he was, and would give it his undivided attention. Mr. Tvxks thought, as the greatest lunatic authorities in the House were the members of the present Government, the measure should emanate from them, and be sufficiently comprehensive to embrace all their supporters. Mr. Comtek said the weather was too warm to embrace anybody, and highly injurious both to his constitution and that of N. S. Wales. Mr. Forsxek proposed an amendment, M-hich was considered by many the reverse of an improvement. j Mr. Speaker said he thought he might venture to deliberately assert, without any fear of contradiction, that he had as yet not arr ived at the remotest ghost of a particle of a conclusion on the matter. Mr. Fokster said lie was rather "thick in the clear" on the matter also. Mr. Wisdom observed that, according to Slay's practice, " if an amendment was relative to a Bill it must relate to it." This astound ing piece of senatorial sagacity created a profound thrill of admiration in the breasts of assembled sapience. Mr. Fokster asked if he could move an amendment. Mr. Speaker said lie could move the North Head if ho liked, only he must not do it there. Fokster collapsed, and Buchanan was snuffed out, the second read ing of the Bill being negatived. A spiritual seance then took place, Mr. Fokster coming forward as the champion and protector of colonial distillation, which was argued with becoming gravity and still-ness, and fruitful experiences adduced of what delicious things sour grapes, had oranges, and rotten apples might he converted to by the skilful application of a little plodding "worm." Mr. Samuel said he would not oppose the idea till ho had tasted half-a dozen bottles or two, and a supply was ordered to he laid on the table on Wednesday next, for the purpose of taking the sense (and taste) of the House, there anent. i A row then ensued about Mrs. Callaghan's pension, a great many j | of our brightest luminaries opposing her interests, apparently on the j principle that nobody had a right to he killed by a kick from a horse J unless he left his family fully hoarded, lodged, washed, and generally provided for lor the rest of their lives. However, the matter was I ultimately ordered to he "'seen about." I Mr. Stimi'sox then rose and, after moving the House into Committee, i asked the Government if he was going to have his Co win Bridge now, j or was he to wait till Ik1 got it, or was the Government going to stick j to the money, or how r | Mr. Chairman said never mind the money, stick to the question. Mr. Stxmpson said he meant to stick to it; he would not leave that I House till he carried his bridge out with him. This led to a general breeze, and a grand hauling of Samuel's eon- I sistoncy over the coals of dissension. j Mr. Samuel defended himself vi et armisftmA made several speeches, j chiefly remark-able for originality of thought. He said that the j present Government were right in'evcrything they had done, and the i former Government were wrong in everything thov had done. That ! it was a matter of indifference to him and his colleagues whether they j i were in office or out of it, and of the two they rather preferred the 1 ! latter, because they bad a strong weakness for wrapping themselves up j | in their own virtue, and contemplating, with stoical satisfaction, the I ! triumph of villany over a howling and bleeding population. Any one who found fault with him and his colleagues deserved to bo hung j by the neck and nobody have mercy upon him. Besides, had as all | them measures might be, those proposed by the late Government were, | if possible a great deal worse. Mr. Forstek said he hoped the budget Mr. Samuel was about ; to bring forth -would be as -wise a child as its father ; but he confessed I he had some doubts about the " infant Samuel." ! Mr. Forlonge said "fail was fair." Furribal m'anted a bridge just as badly as Cowra, but he did not make a fuss about it. Mr. Farkes asked what page in the last court grammar had made Samuel a Treasurer ? What did he know about what he ought to know he should like to know ? He advised him as a friend to with draw himself from the cares and toils of official existence. He thought his conduct Mas excessively unusual, particularly unconstitutional, peculiarly unparliamentary, and confoundedly undignified. What right had he to imply that he was everybody, find nobody else M as anybody, when the fact was that he was nobody and anybody else was everybody ? Why did he not grease the wheels of his memory and run hack to the time -when he was going to "blow up" the very ministry that lie was now hand and glove with f He was by many degrees the most complicated individual ho ever encountered, in fact, a regular political Desdemona who could " tarn, and turn, and turn, and yet go on." However, there was some consolation in the fact that he was a 1 very " funny fellow," find would materially relieve the dreariness of , future debates by his "quips, cranks, and m'anton wiles." Mr. Samuel in reply said Parkes was a great man, both morally and physically, in fact, much too great to go into harness under such a : " Jehu " as Cowper. He was the real " Great Plenipotentiary," the only one to he seen alive. A man who had break tasted with Earls, lunched . with Marquises, dined with Dukes, aud tea-ed and shrimped M'ith Princes of the Blood Royal, and yet, though he had put his patriotism in his pocket, find gone at considerable personal inconvenience to fish for emigrants in British waters, ho only succeeded in hooking one soul, and that was a "flatliead," with whom he return ed rejoicing to the land of his adoption, find asked CoM-per to let him be a prisin Spectre, — a specimen of humility which so " touched Charles up " that he refused to sanction such sublime self-devotion to his country's good, and now , lie came there and set himself up as a censor mo-rum , though a nonsense)' \ morum would be nearer the mark. Mr. Buchaxax was unwilling to hurt the feelings of a fly, or any other man, hut calmly and dispassionately wished to inform the Government that if they were not liars, idiots, homicides, &e.;, &e.;, it was no limit of his. He m-ent in for temperate measures, and knocking the ministers into smithereens. Ho hoped to hurl the Government from power, and, if any gentleman would he kind enough to open the window, he would treat the ministers to a "leap for life " consecutively into the street. Mr. Samuel said his accounts were in such a hopeless state of blot and botheration, and his brain in such a frightful state of confusion and chaos, that he really could not tell if he took 1 from 0 how many m'ould remain — so lie must pospone his financial statement till Merry Andrews' Day, please. In the meantime he could only say that he was on the best possible terms with himself, and virtue was its own reward. Hox. Members continued belloM'ing and blustering for some time, but the Government were ultimately defeated, and 8timesox is allowed to have his bridge, and, it is to be hoped, the money to pay for it. Mr. Buchanan was so carried away by his feelings that he wanted Cowper to resign there and then. Mr. Comtek thanked him and said he would not. House then adjourned (at 12 o'clock) to the beautiful operatic moreeau, "Oh, what a row- what a rumpus — and a rioting! " Tuesday, November 21st, I860. The performances commenced at about the usual half-hour ; and> after Ministers had gone through their catechism, and rehearsed the articles of their belief at the instance of enquiring Wisdom, Wilson, Garrett, Earn ell, Haycock, etc., including inter alia, the informa- 1 tion that Government intended to sm-vey the meridian, previous to measuring it off in allotments for the purpose of building castles in the air, Mr. Buchanan said the Governor ought to ho ' cut down, — or rather his salary, — to the extent of .€2000, which would exactly cover the deficit \ 11 the Treasury, and relieve Mr. Samuel from a world of' trouble. He felt sure His Excellency would submit to it -without a murmur if the matter was put before him in that forcible, elegant, and eloquent manner which, only he (Mr. Buchanan) was capable of putting it in. Trse colony was "done" to all intents ami purposes, and Comtek ami Co. had done it, and retrenchment mils the only way to save "its bacon, not only in the heads of departments but also in details. Mr. Comtek said the screw question had boon made the subject of close screw-tiny, and if the inscrewtablo decrees of fate only enabled him to comply with the wishes and prayers of every member of the community, and remain in office with his beloved colleagues for the ! rest of his natural life, why he was not prepared to say whether he would or whether he would not, but, pending so desirable a consum mation, he certainly would not. Mr. Piddington blandly observed, "then he ought to." The ' Goa'ernor had a very nice house to live in, and if it was too big for I him, why did he not let lodgings in imitation of the " upper ten | thousand" at home ? However, he did not wish Sir J. Young to be I affected by the alteration, but when he left this " gay and festive I scene," he thought his successor ought to be rescrewed on more eco- nomical principles, because a house to live in, £5000 a-year, and no yellow fever by way of perquisite, was enough for anybody, and a ! good deal more so. i Mr. Samuel could not see it. The reduction of Government ; salaries (especially the Treasurer's) was in his opinion false economy, ; and so Mr. Piddington would think if ho had the ineffable felicity of ; sharing in the " cakes and ale " provided by a generous public for the : support of Ministers in their arduous duties. Mr. Lucas said, " Cut away, and hanged be he who first cries, | Hold! enough." ! Mr. Macphersox said such conduct was infra dig., and anything ' but first- class. | Mr. Parkes said he could go " in for a dig" as well as Mr. Mac- | fherson, but he thought the German language was out of place in a : British Senate. However, he was for the retrenchment. ; Mr. Forster said so was he, and when he was old he would never | depart from it. Mr. Forlonge was opposed to everything on principle. Mr. White said that was an interesting fact, but he wasn't. | Messrs. Lloyd, Joseph, Josephson, Macpherson, and Alexander, in speeches of various length and strength, were in favour of keeping i the Governor's salary up, up, up ; and Messrs. Hart, Wilson, ! Donnelly, Dignam, and Laycock, for knocking it down, down, down. Mr. Alexander thought ministers ought to do their work for noth- j ing and consider themselves well paid ; an atrocious suggestion, which I caused something " very like a wail " of horror to resound from the ; Government benches. i Mr. Laycock indulged in one of those sprinklings of "Attic (Salt" I with which he is occasionally wont to keep the benches in a roar. He considered " the Israelites were better served by Samuel than they were ! by Saul. They paid less to Samuel than they did to Saul, and he ! considered Samuel tho better man." ( igfp The point of this joke lies j in its unfathomable obscurity.) He wound up by reference to the : ram-avis of the Assembly, in presumable allusion to himself — for a Lay Cock is assuredly a most extraordinary "bird," and not very unlike a black and white swan. Mr. Buchanan said that Coavper was puerile as usual, and Samuel i was seized with a rush of flunkeyism to the brain. The idea that giving £7000 to the Governor could giA'c us eclat with the people of England was preposterous. I Mr. Driver knew nothing about eclatt, but he wished David would ! hold his clatter. j Mr. Buchanan said, that as regards his hon. friend who last spoke, i flippancy and ignorance were so equally mixed, that it was impossible to say where flippancy or ignorance began or ended — but if the pigmies | of the House He was informed that Pigmies was personal. ! Mr. Buchanan said "Was them?— oh!" Well, lie Avould be more complimentary and say "insignificancies of the house," especially those > gentlemen who were so partial to rolling into bogs and quagmires in company with the Premier. One honorable miscreant for somewhere or other had said, " they must ha\re a superior head, but he considered it would be a merciful dispensation of Providence if, when Members were sent into that House, He sent them with heads at all." Now he, indiA'idually, had a a-ery superior head, and he should have lost it long ago if he hadn't taken care to "bag" it all day, and keep a sun umbrella OArer it, and only bring it out in the cool of the evening. He then proceeded to deliver an essay on what he called "back door" influence, and designated all who supported the high salary of the Governor as 1 cringers and crawlers, Avho were afraid that when they supped at Go vernment House they would be compelled to sit down to that "funereal baked meat" vulgarly known as "the cold shoulder." If the right hon. idiots took exception to these expressions, lie implored their for giveness, and beg to add his sincere conviction that a more frightfully unprincipled assemblage were noA'er before congregated under one roof than those now wallowing in difficulties on the GoA-ernment benches, for whom he must ever entertain the profoundest regard, and be hanged to them, &c.;, &c.; He then sat doivn, evidently feeling much better after the license he had taken out against the Government. The usual simple division sum having been worked, Ministers found themselA'es in a minority of 12 to 28. Mr. Eagar then gave his usual Christie Entertainment, and got al- temately snubbed and supported as he endeavoured to prove that if there was ei'er an angelic being at the head of a Government depart- i ment it was himself, but finally was promised that certain papers should j bo laid on the table for his especial benefit. A new schemo of public education was then most unintelligibly pro pounded by Mr. Coavper. The case of Mr. Barton, the late Commissioner of Stamps was then ventilated at the instance of Mr. W. Forster, who " moA'ed for papers connected with that gentleman's dismissal, and stated that he sought for information to shew whether unfair coercion had been used toAvards ' Mr. Barton, and whether the Government had not had recourse to I discreditable agency in obtaining the knowledge of his authorship of : the libellous matter which furnished the ground of his dismissal." ' Mr. Punch, for obvious reasons, feels that the discussion that ensued j refers to matters that should have no place in this peculiar department j of his columns. Suffice it to say that whatever may be the merits or i the demerits of the case, the gentleman most concerned in it was made j the target for petty malice to Aving its heaviest shafts against — that ; Mr. Forster and Mr. Macpherson made very sensible remarks on the : occasion in defence of Mr. Bar-ton — and that Mil. Punch highly esteems I the very flattering eulogiums he individually received from Mr. Forster for his Avit, and Mr. Buchanan for his " ruffianism," — the last-named gentleman's censure in particular being worth its weight in gold — in fact, the force of laudation could no further go, unless indeed it had been possible for him, Mr. Punch, to have earned the titles of eavesdropper," — "volunteer detectiAre," — "a by-word for infamy," — " escapee from the maul or the pump," and other marks of distinction to which he has no pretension, and never hopes to have. The papers were finally ordered to be laid upon the table, and the House adjourned at a little before 12. J Birchgrove Academy, November 20th, 1865. j Mister Punch, Dear Sir, — At our skool there Avas a boy, and his name was Bill. Well, another hoy offered to help him with his lessons, and then Bill (Billy the Sneek Ave called him) went, when nobody was there, and told the master, so the other boy got floged. Pleese tell us what we i ougth to do to Bill, and remain yours affectionately, ! Jack Manly, and the other boys. ! N. B. — We kick'd him, did we do right ? i Good boys, — you did quite right. — S. Punch. Rifle Volunteer to his Avife : Q. What is the best hit in domestic economy ? A. The Bull-i coals. 