ANOTHER MARE'S NEST. (From the Universal News,) An Irish navvy on being remonstrated with for not explaining some of the doctrines of the Church, so frequently misunderstood, to English navvies, indignantly replied, ?? Faugh, man, d'ye tbink I'd be throwing my raison away on such a lot of bastes ?' Catholics have the same excuse for allowing the British public to judge of them and their doings according to th» wooden laws shown up the morbid taste of London, and the fishing in-foul- water tendency of its pre*s to such perfection, that we may be thankful to Mrs. M'Dermot for the light she has unwittingly elicited. The facts of the case are very briefly told. Father Bowden got more knowledge of the ways and life of a certain girl than he was able to dis close. He found her on the high road to perdi tion, and tbat her mother was determined to keep her there by main force ; he suggested that the girl should leave a home that would prove a hell, and seek one tbat would be her salvation. He had the charitableness to lend his influence in procuring her this boon, when she thought veil to accept of it ; and past experience told him, as well as present tells us, how successful she might be did her mother become awara of the proposition. The mother makes her plaint to the magistrate, and forwith all Protestantism grows indignant. Of *niirK0 it is the violation of the laws of the realm tbat offend tbe press first; next, it is the unfeeling disregard of social and parental ties ; and even one of the newspaper-writers goes so far as to know there is such a thing as a command ment of God— except he read it for the first time i we cannot see low he concluded it was violated. Ob ! what sanctimonious sermons were preached by Jews and Gentiles at the prospect of enlarging their printing-presses and scattering tbe scrapings of their brains by libellous placards. It was a great treat, this Brompton affair, it afforded gossip to thousands, and as for finding out to how many tea parties it afforded ' refreshment in the Lord' — how many episodes it furnished for week- day sermons— how many grew jubilant at this new unmasking of the dragon, and tbe prospect of the Pope's annihilation, it is more than one could well de or care to do. He would be tbe veriest misanthropist who could grudge such savoury morsels to John Bull's taste, knowing bow he g-rmandizes the hashes penny a-liners cook from Popish offals. The pleas put forth to give a colouring to the holy indignation of the press are worth examin ing, not because they show that the London press is stupid or misundersands Catholics — this we do not want to learn ; but because it is well to let them know that there are people in the world who are not quite as gullible as themselves. The law of charity with us teaches us to love our neighbour as ourselves, and if any of us chanced to be Miss M'Dermot's, it does not seem we should refuse a refuge from a life of sin, unless, perchance, we should prefer the hellward exercise of our liberty and, even then, tbe charity which begins at bame would preach ug to be wrong. The law of England allows us to dispose of ourselves after what fashion we please at a certain age. Miss M'Dermot reached tbat age, and we should hear few tirades from the Standard or the Daily lelegraph if she took it into her bead to go on the streets instead of going off them. Father Bowden is blamed for counselling the violation of the Fourth Com mandment ; but it is a new thing to a Catholic to be told that we are obliged to obey our parents to the loss of our souls ; even the Bible would dare to affirm that we should 'obey God rather than man.' Mr. Selfe jumped at conclusions when he thought proper to cross-examine a priest who could give no information, and when he , and his good lady turned confessors he found out his mistake. His Worship thinks it the wiser course to conceal matters even from the I mother of the girl ; we doubt whether his lady j knows the extent of the obligations of the seal I as well as her consort. Mr. Selfe comes in for I no small compliment! for his reticence, and the | press would fain erect confessionals themselves, I but very likely Mr Selfe has no great faith I in their ability to keep secrets and so he I quietly allows them to ?? mortify their curiosity.' 1 i° tbis evei7 sensible man will agree with him, I ir B«ti»h public, though require to be satisfied. I What and must the ' baste' not be contended I with all the scandal it Us gorged? will it itUl, grumble of hunger and have to gulp the poor girl's character for dessert before it can be satisfied? What right can the animal claim when even tbe expounder of its rights, a magis trate declares it has none? Though agreeing with Mr. Selfe in commending Father Bow den's conduct on this point, we can scarcely concur with the blame he thinks fit to cast upon him. Why should he have asked the parent's consent ?' Did she not refuse it when ' a stitch in time might have saved nine,' and when she herself perceived the expediency of the step her daughter has taken at last? We shall say no thing of the mother, except that one who would try to pass as a member of two religions at once, and thus try to practice deception on the Holy Ghost, cannot care much about deceiving men. If Father Bowden is to be blamed at all, it is for being too self-sacrificing in his charity, and we need only remark that though that be a crime to selfishness it scarcely can be one in tbe sight of God. The British public foams again. It sees but one solution to the dfficulty. The suspicion tbat something exists which generally underlies all British scandals. Very peculiarly all their rage about convents and priests has to be kept alive by inuendoes and bints and winks about their immorality. This is not difficult to understand. The glorious Reformation was founded in immo rality and lust, and it is no wonder that so many grand fruits thereof should be prized, such 'as the Divorce Court and Co. Tbat what the Reforma tion detests should be maligned is, therefore, no wonder, and that virginity should be thought an impossibility by a child of King Harry is just as natural as tbat the seed of tbe serpent should still hate the Virgin Mother of a Virein Lord. 