; ; TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 28, 1865. ; THE speech of tho Premier on Friday, on Mr. .WpiTE's.'' resolùtionà with: reference to tho minor, Vbáds and.' bridges, was' exceedingly, shorty but at' tho same, time it was exceedingly significant. No doubt it was an evidence of weakness,'but it was also evidence'of a. prompt j aptitude to turn that 'wcáknesstó advantage; .Mr. ' /COWPER said that , the Government ' 5,', would have tho greatest pleasure " in assent- ing to the'motion. From' this wo gather that the 'Government were.perfectly aware of their inability . to - resist. it, and this augurs but poorly of tlieir power to keep the management of affairs iii their own hands' in. tho present Assembly) when subjects of greater importance shall'be urgedupon them, /bu^ Mr.' COWÍEB' ' added:. "/ He hoped that ' honorable members, would, have sufficient patriotism, after voting, large sums of: money1, to assist the' Govern irient' ' itt providing' for//such' expenditure." It ;seéuis'.. a' strángo ,way¡ of .carrying1 ,ón business to assent to the. voting away of money yet unprovided, in order to secure assent in return to whatever scheme may bo proposed for\tho purpose of raising a revenue; but that is the i arrangement which seems to have been contemplated! by tho Premier. No doubt, as was pointed' .but: in" yesterday's Empire, tho fifty thousand pounds proposed to .bis placed on the Estimates will not bc voted if the Munici- palities * Bill becomes, law, -but -tho Premier had evidently'something beyond'this in; view.' -Ho appeared, to imply a, compact,', to/the/ effect that Ministers '.would, .not be over particular about money votes that hadnot been contem- plated" in their'policy; provided that members would' not. bo* fastidiously nico in their criti feism .of the. means, that might/be prpposcd for increasing the revenue, wc apprehend, how- ever, "that' this vote; and' all" others that may- bo--passed involving ? the expenditure of money, will provo to Tiave been so passed on iihe distinct understanding. that.' the',¡Govern- ment aro. prepared with such estimates of ways and means as will be entirely satisfactory to tho Assembly, and command its confidence and approval.1 On any other supposition than this, Ministers ..would, he bound to resist itheso votes, forced, as they are, upon them. It woiild be a' most dangerous principio to aimit, that, before any mode of raising the: annual revenue had been submitted to .Parlia- ment, responsible Ministers should accept' irresponsible dictation as to the expenditure, and considef that by" such accommodation^ they established a,claim upon representatives for the. support of<their: Budget, whatever its oha 'racter might happen to he; ' In this way; and most fliinsily. disguised, a wholesale system of Parliamentary bribery, might be organised. A particular.imember, to please some influential constituent, miglit propose an address asking for a certain exp'endituro of nb benefit to the gonoral, public,, and , the Government' might consent to it on thc understood .condition that sucjrmember would vote for any form of tax- ation' that would" provide for ; tho necessary sum of money. This is by no means a sap* posi,tious, case. (Too many examples of . its reality have, been exhibited in the «óurse of previous sessions ; rind although the form' and Substance pf Mr. WHITE'Srésolutions of Friday last} being of a more general character, do not bear this construction] yot the remark of Mr. COWPER showed that lie waa desirous of soiñ 'terpretihig them, on' the ' accommodating prin- ciple pf "claw mo, play thee.", Considering how; .very ;.mueh. .wast.said unnecessarily, iby members »of tho ? Opposition before these re- solutions- frere passed on'Friday, it seems sur- prising that so pregnant á¡ hint as, that which fell| from5 the Primo Minister should have been allowed tb pass almost unchallenged: It .is' to bo feared, ? however, 'that tho reason must bp,sought'in' the existence of that usage wUi'ch itis,rvsaid, to>:be soebnd.-nature.: ¡¡ Thé; custom' of giving votes on ono1 questionin order to'secure votes on another seems to have bl un ted'tho pcrcoptibns of sbinp bf the kconpst constitutional ferrets, in the iHoiiso.; .Even Mr: FonsTEtt, who, in: tho bitterness of his taunts against tho Government, when.'ho askedthom " if they liked . tho figure they oiit/' and sq forth,1' ,emúíat!od> thoVseverity of tho eccentric; Mr. QUIXP, when-tormenting ono of his victims,-appeared ontirely- to'forget tho figure*': .' which] :.ho , and'' somö ptfer 'm<jmb,oKs'',q^ Sr^rW?8'T$'.! tb\e'; proposition laid,-downby Mr. C0WPEa¿r Tho j mover-of tho- resolutions,-also/ whoso conduct in . Parliament must ; ho' adiiiitlted tb: We been, ¡pi ark'ed,1 By.''cÓmrn'én¡dáW i.liis ¡kn'qwniyi^ws.'iñ.to consideratibri,, could.not resist tho .temptation! i of boosting- that tho ' Oppositionhad l''nu'meroús 'opportunitííjs1 of pVorthrowing'1 '}thq i*"2^i|jSstär3)r^ '.^l«^ib*^. *»«3loisi(íii¿' Íutj 'dopliñopV.''',tp,/,,rn,alfo,'.J| thom.' ¡ available,; fi ! ;this,.. bóií j So, J . it 11'musti>l>.prove' ....iii« disputably1, .'that-i'" Mr. ^rl,CoTjrrER':-''had gób|l''^lli,v'reasbn8i',; " for"'1;, Kxp^^iiriè^j^^'^. business pf| ,'thor'present,, M áotód'.úpbn a basis! of ? mutuals accommodation; 'Wc¡ can ivery wolliundorfltandnhat spmo'of tho leading'members of ' thó Opposition haVprib desire tb,' #t'J upbfl ', tho Ministeriól benches, whilo tboyjcan got their »ork:dono-for thorny andj -i'thoirrr: ¡plana- !carried " out,' < without incurring^ odium'; labour, ' or responsibility;' nor can wo jio^burp^iitao'd M'. itho, complaisance .of MiuÍBtors to'the other . side -of tho House, whilo members sitting there aro expected " to havo sufficient1 potriotism"' to return tho ,obli-' ga'tion. Wo , have already expressed our general approval of this vote,, under tho oir cumstancos-; but we objeet to thc terms 'and. conditions which- scorn to have been implied. Mr. PIDDINGTON evidently understood- them. " The honorable member nt the head bf thc Ministry;'' he said/' '/'had, -by; it sort;', pf side wind;' intimated j tb, tho/Houso! that',' if) they, agreed /, ' to-;',, this: "v motion,; /it .would' he. expected that honorable » members1 r would' consent "' ;tb: "söiuo ; *' 8p.ooial,"1"{ increase/ bf j -^xàtio^'':'-7^^.tô^!p]i°. ' '/that- ¡ might/ ' pe' most'. Unpopular."/' '?' ttl 'is.. -riot - quite clear .whether i tho : honorable/member for thc Hawkesbury intended, in a marked manner, to gi^e ' in -'his adhesion'"to this /nrràrigerhent ; biit.we wpuld. inuoh:rather, at presont, accept his brief.allusion as a protest against it.- ? ' ~ / It/1 is to hé1, hoped /.that,.'.when the budget makes its'appearance it-will bo-judged upon. its|mcrits, in relation to- thc interests of the greatest number who/'will be inost affected byiit^ and( ñót/ín accordance with any real pr fancied' concessions of the .Executive -in the matter of expenditure ; Thc Assembly ought at least " to " have sufficient patriotism " for that./'It is a'new idea of patriotism, at least in i theory,, that/ .the Ministry and the Oppo sition tshould enter into a compact with regard to taxation 'arid expenditure which would bo scouted if submitted/ to/ the /votes pf tho people, ! from whom , both sides oí tho House derive their power and authority to deal with such questions. It must' be presumed that the financiar plans of the Government .harp, been definitively settled long ago, and that any 'proposal which clashes withi those¡ plans ¡will.be resisted. : It would-be an easy mode pf government, but disastrous to the country and destructive Pf representative" institutions, if responsible' Ministers waited until all de- mands of ostensible opponents in the House were 'satisfied, and then shaped their policy ! to' secure the votes of -tho members so obliged. Wo bave said that this would be contrary to the; theory of " patriotism." It would not iri I'deed. be . so strongly opposed , to the practice.; thatihas prevailed.; but surely it is time.-that, something like political morality should bo re- cognised in the votes and deliberations of Par- liament. The financial stateinorit has already been' too long délaycdl When the last proro-, gatiqn oooutred, the1 speech which; the 'present Ministers1 baused the Governor to deliver was calculated to, 'create the belief, that all such matters as are now pressed, upon their notice .by ; motions like that of Friday last had occupied serious attention, and would be fully matured/during the/recess.,, '' New South Wales/'/said,his,Excellency, "like all young and'enterprising communities, requires a large expenditure1 for roads arid bridges/ railways, telegraphs,and , ' 'public, build? ings,' for tlie, construction or erection of whioh/ tho cost may fairly- be made chargeable over a .series pf'years; but,--as population increases, the ;meails can, without any op- pressive burdens, bo raised, for pitying the interest, and eventually the. principal, of much: larger sums than ? have been as yet borrowed." If' this was not intended as a mere speculative peep into some dim and dis tant,'.'future, wo may . fairly hopo to obtain from the Treasurer, after 'thc long time now given for profound' reflection, some faint glimpse pf enlightenment as to'the process by which so'desirable a result is to be brought about. TIIÍB process, whatever it may be, we have' no ' desire to 'prejudge. ¡ Rumours are afloat which may, provo to haye had. an injurious. effect .upon commercial transactions,,and there can - bc no - question that suoh a stato of uncertainty shou d be terminated as soon ns ' possible ; but while the public must deprecate.' any .act bri the part of thc Assembly, and every attempt to extort from-ita pledge; that would .have the -effect of a consent to unknown taxation, we are equally desirous that no adverse judgment should be passed until the, financial scheme is re- vealed. That great things will bo expected from it" is not the fault bf the public, but' rather of those who have, tortured legitimate curiosity with long suspenso, and raised anti- cipation to the highest pitch, as by those pro- longed - strains pf mysterious music which' precede the entrance .of'.some hero, ghost, or demon upon tho mimic stage. . Wa know not. what is to come,.or whether its arrival is to be tho i signal for terror,, laughter, or applause, Iii' 'tho meantime, it'woüld be as'well that those who still olaun' to, represent the people, should abstain' from pledges on the subject, 'direct; or impliod,' and hold their "patriotism" | ih^réserve., .,-,'.' ; Tna ^Su'rPLE«E!NTA.TiT MAiL.--It will, bo seen from our Melbourne telegram that the. Supplementary Mail; by tho Ypu Yangs /arrived ia- oufUciont timo for ship 'mont 'on ' board' tho' mail'stoatnör ' BOmMy,!': It Vds'' yesterday notified at tho Sydrioy Telegraph bftlco. that , tho Yoq','Yangs arrived [ in .Melbourne,, ¿arbour, nt 2-5C p.m. pa., ^linday, -.and- that »tho Bombay-left for Gallo at 6'dö p.va, of tho1 ¿amo day. '1' ' -j '" PiiirtCE, OP WAXES .TnBATEB. -The. performances -Inst night "wore for tYië benefit of Mr J.. Rayner, when, notwithstanding the rain, .-a, ¡large , audience -j wa«'.! presont to witnoss thoproduction of tho drama entitled tho ¡"Grape Girl ofjrtfdïïd"1''~viliïcIf contains much I -.effective dialogue, and several -startling situations and novel effects. Its performance Vmbraccs tho ontiro strength of tho company, and it , j will bo,-repeated : tonight. "' ' ' ' , THE SIMOKBKN CONOBBTS.-^Mr. and Mndamo Tanny Simbnson..appeared for rthe firstUiriio at tho.School of Arts', I'itt-fllrcot, tot night - and, although tho weather "wasI much against them, attracted a tolerably large: auilience. Tho , programme contained, a- .number lof pieces,of a character sullicient to satisfy, und . gratify . .oiinoat sll.itastfis. ' Of Madame Simonson's voahlisation ¡.wo havo previously;.spoken ¡in commendation; and' ber singing lnst niglit fullyi confirmed our previous opinion ; that] she is by far, the. best., singor.wo bavo heard for a long;Urrjq.. .¡In, tho, cavatina.'frota--"Itobort lo (Diable," ¡ ? rjbo pbtainod Kroot npplauBOl but in-tho'errent and well /trWy-n!,''ip.aBtá,4iyni" ¡,8Íio,:affordod> pdsitLvn proof, not¡ only, o£ lior powors.pa arvocnliat, but also of hor.cúHiva. ! tion "and. ctaatc,, ,aai ,;s!¡o i : fairly. iawolconod . thu pprspns "(.tprc'sont-, to,...Vcntb,usinam':.. by'' ...hut: [splendid,; xondoring ¡¡cit, ..tlio.hroagniflcont > aria! elia: hod 'soloctgd, Jlef voico ia ouo of great power, sweetness;. pod jtpn,o.. ,i and .oyorjvnoto. ia :'given rwiüí tho utmost* olcarnc88.,ándcorrectness. r,:iTllb . manner in which' ATadama: Simonsoá ,oxocutc8 her music, niust giro tho grpatoBt.Batisfnotipn tp.tlio audience., for ip ie nlinosl;ii£ not ignite i»rfecUon>vriQvor<,failirlg. to draw, forth .tl.« unanimous ùpriroyo\\.. ,o£r all :,who."heor- her > wally exquisito T.ocalisatiop.; Aa an encoró to tho " Casia Diva," .Madame - Sinionspq, j Bang.^.n': pretlly: liltttlo 'comic' Bong, "Is it nnyuody'a,;ibu8iiie8B/ito, say. wliatP'f. .Mr. Simonson, as a; violinist, equally, delights and sur- prises tho nudienco. py .tho, facility with'which ho playa tho most difficult pseagoB, and tlio precision.and doli-i ca'oy of his fingering, and bowing. . His performances orb invariably prootcd.with tho urcatcst npplnueo; : Hiss Lidcllq sang .-' Talia .this cup fit sparkling. winb most successfully, and excelled greatly in tho,ballad "Molly Asthqro}',' and Jdiss ."Worden, wno possosscs a contralto of groat, purity,; sang " Wbiepor ...wliat thou foolost," ,nnd "Joy and glndnoss," willi happy,effect-: Mr. John Hill executed two solon ju bia -ucoustomod masterly jnjonnor,. and, was ,. loudly n| plauilud. ; :In, -the flocond pnrt¡ of tho programme,- Jlr. 'S.imonsenr, execution of ,tho "¡lícito" . wa» .exceedingly eflfuctira and admired, being a perfomumco seldom .beard or equalled, Thceo conaorts oro of that atlrnctiyo and high class character Hint commend,themselves to every '.over of mimic, and ar« to ho continued ovory. oveniug during the prcwiut week, at the School of Arte, ' 