THE WOVEUST. OUR MTJTU At. FRIEND. BY CHARLES DICKENS. IN FOCE BOOKS. Book the Second. Bieds of a ■S'katueb. OiUPlEB XIV. • sraoNQ or rusrosET The setton-taek of piling earth above John Harmon all night long, was not conducive to sound bleep ; but Bokesmith had Kmc broken morning rest, and TO«e strengthened in his pur pose. It wak all over now. Ho ghost should trouble Mr. and jfs- .®9®n'? peace; iurisible and voiceless, the ghost should look on for a little what longer at the state of existence out of which it had departed, and tbea should for ercr cease to haunt the scenes in which it had 110 plsce. He w."jt over it all again. He had lapsed into the condition in which he found himself, as manr a man lapses into mans a condition, without jierveiving the sccumulalire power of its separate circumstances. When in the dis trust engendered by his wretched childhood and the action of evil—neveryet for good within liis knowledge then—of his father and his father's wealth on all within their influence, he conceived the ides of bis first deception, it was meant to be harmless, it was to last but a few hours or days, it was to involve in it only the girl so capriciously forced upon liiin, and upon whom he was so capriciously forced, and it was honestly meant well towards her. For, if he had found her unhappy in the prospect of that marriage (through her heart inclining to another man or for any other cause), he mould seriously have said: " This is another of the old perverted uses of the misery-making money. I will let it go to my and my sister's { only protectors and friends." When the snare into which he fell so outstripped his ! first intention as thnt he found himself pla carded by the police authorities upon the London walls for dead, he confusedly accepted the aid that fell upon him, without consider ing how firmly it must seem to fix the Boffins in their accession to the fortune. When he saw them, and knew them, and even from his vantage-ground of inspection could find no flaw in them, he asked himself, " And shall I come to life to dispossess such people as these P" There was no good to set against the putting of them to that hard proof. He { had heard from Bella's own hps when he stood tapping at the door on that night of his j taking the lodgings, that the marriage would j hare been on her part thoroughly mercenaiy. He had since tried her, in his unknown person and supposed station, and she not only re jected his advances but resented them. Was it for him to have the shame of buying her, or the meanness of punishing her? Vet, by coming to life and accepting the condition of the inheritance, he must do the former; and by coming to life and rejecting it, he must do the latter. Another consequence that he had never 1 foreshadowed, was the implication of an inno cent man in his supposed murder. He would i obtain complete retractation from the accuser, and set the wrong right; but clearly the wrong could never have been done if he had never planned a deception. Then, whatever inconvenience or distress of mind the decep tion cost him it was manful repentantly to accept as among its consequences, and make no complaint. Thus John Bokesmitb in the morning, and , jt^Jburied John Harmon still many fathoms | deeper than he had been buried in the night. Going out earlier than he was accustomed to do, he encountered the cherub at the door. The cherub's way was for a certain space his J way, and they walked together. It was impossible not to notice the change in the cherub's appearance. The cherub felt very conscious of it, and modestly remarked : 1 " A present from my daughter Bella, Mr. Bokesmith." The words gaTc the Secretary a stroke of j pleasure, for he remembered the fifty pounds, and he still loved the giri. Ho doubt it was very weal—it always it very weak, some au thorities hold—but he loved the giri. " I don't know whether yon happen to hare read many books of African Travel, Mr. Boke- ' smith?" said B. W. " I have read several." " Well, yon know, there's usually a King George, or a King Boy, or a King Sambo, or a King Bill, or Bull, or Bum, or Junk, or what-1 ever name the sailors may have happened to | give him." " Where ?" asked Bokesmith. " Anywhere. Anywhere in Africa, I mean. I Pretty well everywhere, I may say ; for black kings are cheap—and I think"—said B. W., I with an apologetic air, " nasty." " I am much of your opinion, Mr. Wiifer Tou were going to say—?" " I was going to say, the king is generally dressed in a London hat only, or a Manchester pair of braces, or one epaulette, or an uniform coat with his legs in the sleeves, or something of that kind." "Just so," said the Secretary. "In confidence, I assure you, Mr. Boke smith," observed the cheerful cherub," that j when more of my family were at home and to j be provided tor, I used to remind myself im mensely of that king. You have no idea, as i a single man, of the difficulty I have bad j in wearing more than one good article at a time." "I oan easily believe it, Mr. Wilfer." J " I only mention it," said B. W. in the warmth of his heart, "sea proof of the ami able, delicate, and considerate affection of aif daughter Bella. If'rife had been a little epcilt, | aouldn't here thought to rftj much of it, under the cueumstaboes. Boftu), not a bit. And she is so very pretty! I hope yon agree with me in fipdingher rety pretty, JKe 3Mrem$ir ' 4S,^' ' '• . . ' "Oertaialyirio. 'Everyone must." t : "2 brgreao,"said the cherub. "Indeed, I have too doubt pf it. Thisj* a great advance ment forher in life, Mr- Roketmlth.: A great opening of herprospeets?" v "MtoWnfexTOuld hare' no hetier tagnd* ^TwipglKIr reW the gratified cherub.! " "Beri|y llfegU $» ttfait things are my 1 well as they tfee." ITMi". Jdbh Harmon had ■ ?v- ..,/ • f "So, I wwft go «o S» ^"Ueayufei,"' . tugedtifeebritib, a ;|Hti*odfbiriarii»nt'j|gti^ (lit very decisive and impitving lone; " but be mightn't have suited Bella, or Bella mightn't have suited him, or tidy things, whereas now I hope she can choose for herself." "Has she—as you place the confidence iu me of speaking On the stibjeef, you will exepae; my asking — has she — |x-rhaju—. chhsen ?" - faltered the Secretary. " Ob dear uoV' -returned R. Vft" i ^ "Young liSios spmetimos,":iIiokes|5ilh hinted, " choose without mentioning -Amir choice to their fathers." * " Not. in thia case, Mr. RokesiniUv .Between ruy daughter JleUa and me there is a regular league and o&nvcnunl; of confidence, It was ' ftitiflad only.lite other day.. The ratification dateB fronn-dhese," said tlic die rub, giving* httit pul! at the lapjiols of his coat end the pockets of his trousers. " Oh no, she has not chosen. To be enre. Touug George. Sampson, in the days when Mr. John Harmon " j "Who 1 wish had never been bornf said ^ ' the Secretary,'with a gloomy brow. ' ' • It. W. kicked at Uiui with ilii-prjte, k's'tbink ing lie Jiad contracted an unaccountable spite against the poor deceased, and continued: " In tlic days when Mr. John Ilarmon was being sought out, young George Sampson certainly was hovering about Bella, and Bdlla let liiin hover. But it never was seriously thought of, and it's still less than ever to be thought of now. For Bella is ambitious, Mr. Bokesmitb, and I think I may predict will many fortune. This time, yon see, she will haTCIhe person and the property before her together, and will be able to make her choice with her eyes ojien. This is my road. I am very sorry to part company so soon. Good morning, sir!" The Secretary pursued his way, not verv elevated in spirits by this conversation, and, arriving at the Bolhn mansion, found Bcttv Higden waiting for him. "I should thank you kindly, sir," said Betty, "if I might make so bold as to have a word or two wi' you." She should have as many words as she liked, he told her; and took her into his room, and made her sit down. " 'Tis concerning Sloppy, sir," said Bettv. 11 And that's how I come here by myself Not wishing him to know what I'm a-going to sav to you, I got the start of lihn early, and walked up." " You have wonderfid energy," returned Bokcsmith. " You are as young as I am." Betty Higden gravely shook her head. " I am strong foe tar time of life, sir, but not young, thank the Lord " Are yon thankful for not being young ?' " Yea, air. If I was young, it would all have to be gone through again, and the end would be a weary way off, don't you sec? But never mind me ; 'tis concerning Sloppv." " And what about him, Betty ?" Tis just this, sir. It can't be reasoned out of his head by any powers of mine but what that he can do right by your kind ladv and gentleman and do his work for me, both together. Now he can't. Tg gire himself up to being put in the wsv of aiming a good liv ing and getting on, he must gire me up. Well j he won't." " 1 respect him for it," said Bokeemith. " Dove, sir? I don't know but what I do myself 8till that don't make it right to let him have his way. go as he won't give me up, I'm a-going to give him up." "How, Betty ?" "I'm a-going to run away from him." With an astonished look at the indomitable old face and the bright eyes, the Secretary re peated, " Bun away bom him ?" " 1 es, sir," said Betty, with one nod. And in the nod and in the firm set of her mouth, there was a rigour of purjmse not to be doubted. " Come, come!" said the Seerolaiy. " We must talk about this. Let us take" our time I over it, and tiy to get at the true sense of the case and the true course, by degrees." " Now, lookee here, my dear," returned old Betty—"asking your excuse for being so familiar, but being of a turn of life a'niost to I* your grandmother twice over. Now, lookee here. Us a poor living and a hard as' is be got ont of this work that Fin a doing now, and but for Sloppy I don't know as I should have held to it this long. But it did just keep us on, the two together. Now that I'm alone—with eren Johnny gone — I'd fttr sooner be upon my feet and tiring of myaelf out, than a sitting folding and folding by the fire. And Fll tell you why. There's a dcad ness steals over me at times, that the kind of life favours and I don't like. Kow, I seem to have Johnny in my arms—now, liis mother—now, his mother's mother—now, I teem to be a child myself a iying once again in the aims of my own mother—then I get numbed, thought and teases, til] I start out of my seat, afeerd that Tm a growing like the poor old people that they brick up in the Unions, as you aav sometimes sec when they let 'em out of tli four walls to have a warm In the sun, craw ling quite scared about the streets. I was a nimble girl, and have always been an active body, as I told yourlady, first time ever I see her good face. lean still walk twenty mile if I ■m put to it. Td far better be a walking j than a getting numbed and dreaiy. Tm a good fair knitter, and can make many little things to sell. The loan bom your lady and gentleman of twenty shillings to fit out a hnAet with, would be a fortune for me. Trudging round the oountry and tiring of myself out, I shall keep the deadnesioff; and get my own bread my own labour. And what more den I want?" " And this it your plan," eud the (decretal " fjor running away f" " Show me a better! My deaiy, show j a better! Why, I know very well," ti old Betty Higden, " and ybu know vc well, that your lady and gentlem would set me up tike a queen for t iwt of my life, if ao be that we eon « nghf among'us.to lave It, "B*" Me. W UBTV U, But we can't make it right among us to hi itao. I've never took charity,jwt,«pr yet 1 U3.T O&O; beloncnm* tn ma lii : ''V». any one belonging to ma. jipAft wouMi of mywlf indeed* juul frintirinj .my &ildren; dead and gtae.'arid'foreakbbA thor ehiMren deaa and gcme, to; *et »* oontamdition now«t i^t "■ ' ' he. justiflaVlo i unavoidable at .fast," ,thp flearetaty.'^en hinted, with a jljgld stress on the Wad,' bopetiiiievar will I It ain't mean to give dftenoc by being ^oud, l^MAU,ald^a»«atare.amipla0tj ,'hatlwanttoberf a pieoeliko.and of myself r$ff through to my'dalli." -yfi d —~ "Wr w iu^ nflil " And to'he sure,? idded the ' e^eti/ ioo^ag : fotwatd 'V to V -bis' tunily of b«?ig to JoS'.what- you h»T& lo kirn."-';** '•': 1 "Trust lun. sir"! saul Bw^t' Vheerfully. "^ough he h|d,£ja(»iri soiuetlmTg Hwekf^l^t, 4^r*Qftz#,lT tob*#> too.infltrevcl qwisSrattor" ^ctk^sMW^"1! i joiir lady eiM^twmjs^jBifl'WH "em wo*1 1 ask their gObS tWendliness folfit ,foe-dftg ami -wiiy I 4 &•" ", *:" '"';■''" " TUeSecivtcuy felt Itoi'VlLtto *aa '<? JK"*"'1 gating' irhtf w» J»«p*: bf 4his brave heroine, and lie proS^Uyrepnirod toJjj&ri; Boffin end recommended her .to .MI^Kx lligden have lier-w*y,'at alke^tq torijfoj time. " It would be far -more totisfi^iyto. tour bind heart, 1 know, lie l^^rCfe^ro* Vide for Iter, but it may lie a duty to reapoct this independent spirit." Mrs. Boffin--area not proof against the cousideiatvm Ret bsdorts her. Site and her husbandjiad" worked too, and bad brought . their Simple -faith end honour clean out of dust-heaps." If they owed a duty to Betty Hidden, of a surety that duty must be done. " But, Betty," said Mrs. Boffin, when ahe accompanied John Rokesmith back to. fo» room, and shone upon her with the ligbtof her radiant face, " granted all else, I think I wouldn't run away." " Twould come easier to Sloppy," said Mrs. lligden, shaking her head. "'Twould conic easier lo me. But 'tis as you please." " When would you go f" " Now," was the bright and ready answer. " To-dsy, my deary, to-morrow. Bless ye, I am used to it. 1 know many parts of the country well. When nothing else was to be done, I hare worked in many a market garden afore now, and many a hop-garden too." " xf I giro my consent to your Betty wliicb Mr. Rokesmith thinks I ought to do—" Bettv thanked liim with a grateful curtsey. •• \\\v must not lose sight of you. We must not let you pass out of our knowledge. We must know all about you." "Yes, tiiv dcarv, but not through letter writing, because letter-writ ing—indeed, writ ing of most sorts—hadn't much come up for such as mc when I was young. But I shall be to and fro- No fear of my missing a chanoc of giving myself a sight of your reviving face. Besides," said Betty, with logical good faith, " I shall have a debt to pay off, by littles, and naturally that would bring mc hack, if nothing else would." " Musi it be done ?" asked Mrs. Boffin, still reluctant, of the Secretary. " I think it must." Alter more discussion it was agreed that it should be done, and Mrs. Boffin summoned Bella to note down the little purchases that were necessary to set Betty up in trade. "Don't ye be timorous for me, my dear," mid the stanch old heart, observant of Bella's face : "when I take my eeat with my work, clean and busy and freak, in a country market-plaoo, I shall turn a sixpence as sure as ever a farmer's wife there." The Secretary tookthat opportunity of touch ing on the practical question of Mr. SloppyV capabilities. He would have made a wonder ful cabinet-maker, said Mrs. Higden, " if there had been the money to put him to it." She t'»n aeen him handle tools that he bad borrowed U> mend the mangle, or to knock a broken piece of furniture together, in a surprising manner. As to constructing toys for the Minders, out of nothing, he had done that daily. And once as many as a down people bad got together in the lane to see the neatness with which he fitted the broken pieces of a foreign monkey's musical instru ment. " That's well," said the Secretary. " It will not be hard to find a trade far John Harmon being buried under moun tains now, the Secretary that very am day set himself to <"»«h bis affaire and have done with him. He drew up an ample declaration, to be signed by Bogue Bideihood (knowing lie could get bis signature to it, by making him another and much shorter evening call), and thenconsidered to whom should be give the document t It) Hexam'a son, or daughter? Resolved speedily, to the daughter. But it would be safer to' avoid seeing the daughter, because &e; son had seen Julius Handford, and—he could no) be -too careful—then might possibly be come comparison of notes between the eon and daughter, which would awaken slumbering suspicion and lead to $op sequenoes. " I might even,*1 lie reflected, apprehended aa having been oonecrued in my own murder!" Therefore, beat to send it to the daughter undercover by the post-. Bideihood had undertaken to " * she lived, and it wae not DC r should be attended by a single ,.^., , planat ion. So far, straight. -*«£&»•■' But, all that he knew of the daughter he de rived from Mrs. Boffin's accounts of whal site heard from Mr. Lighlwood, who seemed to have a reputation for hia manner of relating a story, and to lave made this stogy quite his own. Xt intereated him, end be would like io have the means of knowing mom—as, for in stance, that she received th» exonerating paper, and that it satisfied her—by opening aome channel altogether independent of Iigbtwood: who likewise had aeen Julius -Handfotd, .who had publicly advertised for Julius Handford, and whom of all men he, the Secretary, moat avoided. "But with whom the common ootiree of things might bring me in • moment face to face, any day in the week or any hour in the'day." - Now.to cast abopt for soiqelflrely * opening snch a chOnneL Thefcoy, was tgainingfosaud with aathorfmaster.The Secrctaryknew tt, because his sister's share In thMdispoadMhimaeeniedtobetbebretpart of tighttrood V aooount of the fondly. < Ihia young CdltoVi tHqppy,' stood in irned of some instruction, Tfbc.thp Beorebuy, engsgedthat achoolmaaUr .to impart it to him, the channel might K.tp4 ,3b« next.,point was,.did Mia. Boffin inow the achoolmaster'a name f Ho, but she knew where the aehopkwto: <^tte enough. Prom^y tto fleCTetaiy:wrj>fc that 0<hpM, : evening.Bradley Headstone anflrered tolle*^ . ■ bow foe o^aifc industrfott* mid' iiUtf'^UfeJlnBfo. Whoolmaitor 'tqrt »i41)i«8 to undwtokit tth; ohajwe of sueh -a pupfo The SeoreUtJr W-i iiiWI.'Mt' iJiinrfiflffj ^'^on «kihiiflf'4|M *+-■m*#! 'towiiose good opinion I owe a poo jaticai to you F" "You should know that I am not tlie prin T am Mr. agcntlwnssv f winch youj tion i the \ lyoq. a great -doal mors was, if hp, had known to y [♦v*Ws mi * 1~J fc"~**• 1' " ft was 1101 ^•^""-Wfipoaed % fjewefc^fBtfflng, it wu wot he' whofre&ttnncndodyou.; Mr. , pBoffin lqsard of yon. tjirough.-e pe|tayi kffrt sLightwood. 1 Utink you knoV ,'Mr. Bight* >^fi«rir«r^iiNr —pi. - , "1 know as muchoflum as 1 wislrto know, sir., I;h»To no acquaintance" with.'Mr. Ijjht Wood, and I desire none. I hare *0 objection i Ao Mr. -Lightwood, but 1 liavo a^partieular ob ■Jflctlon' to oomo of Mr. UjhtWbMVlKfiiStoPy _ ■ Js Aoirt, to quo ofMrl Digliilwbod's" friends.-; Mis groat friend." Be could hardly get. J lie words out, even then and there, so fierce did he grow (though i keeping himself down with infinite pain^ of | repression), when the careless and contempt uous bearing of Eugene Wrayburn rose be fore his mind. The Secretaiy saw there was a strong feel ing here on some sore point, aud he would base made a dirersion from it, bid for Bradley's holding to it in his cumbersome way. " I hare no objection to mention the friend by name," he said, doggedly. •" The person I object to, is Mr. Kugcnc Wrayburn." The Secretaiy- remembered him. In his disturbed recollection of that night when he waa striving against the drugged drink, there waa but a dim image of Eugene's person; but he remembered his name, and his manner of speaking, and how he had gone with them to view the body, and where he had stood, and what he had said. ** Tray, Mr. Headstone, what is the name," he asked, again trying to make a diversion, "of young Hexam's sister?" "Her name is Lottie," said the school master, with a strong contraction of his whole fisce. '* She is a young woman of a remarkable character; is she not " She is sufficiently remarkable to be very superior to Mr. Eugene Wrayburn—though an ordinary person might he that," said the schoolmaster; "and I hope you will not think it impertinent in me, sir, to ask why you put the two names together?" " By mere accident," returned the Secre tary. " Observing that Mr. Wraybmm was a ' disagreeable subject with yon, I tried to get away from it: though not very successfully, it would appear." "l>o yon know Mr. Wrayburn, sir P" " Ko." "Then perhaps (lie names cannot be put t ogether on the authority ot any representa tion of his?" " Certainly not." " I took the liberty to ask," said Bradley, after easting lijs eyes on the ground, "because he is capable of making any representation, in j the swaggering levity of his insolence. I—I hope you will not misunderstand me, sir. I—I am much interested in this brother and sister, and the subject awakens eery strong feelings within me. Very, very strong feed ings." With a shaking hand, Bradley took out his handkerchief and wiped hit brow. The Secretary thought, as he germed at the schoolmaster's face; flat he had opened a channel here indeed, and that it was an un expectedly dark and deep and stormy one, and difficult to sound. All at once, in the midst of his turbulent emotions, Bradley stopped and seemed to challenge his look, L Mnch as though be suddenly asked tiiwi | " What do you see in me?" " The brother, young was your j real recommendation here," aaid the Secretary, quietly going back to the point;" Mr. and Mrs. | Botfin happening to know, through Mr. Light wood, that he was ypntpupQ., Anything tlat ] I ask respecting the brother and sister, or | either of them, I ask myself,' out of my own interest in the subject, and not in my official ; character, or on Mr, Boffin's behalf How I come to be interested, I need not explain, j You know the father's -commotion with the j discovery of Mr. Harmon's body." " Sir," replied Bradley, very restlessly in deed, " I know XI the eaernm stances of thst me; M|r, H«edstope^ said die Does fbMbterr>tai!br under any n&heji; ' jvbi ^taprTand snhdantislly Bradley, irith a kind of J anger. 1 "'''V- f* ! ' * " I am very glad to hear it." "The sister," said Bradley, separating his words orer-can&Uy.; and speaking as if ha were repealing them famr a book, "sudors under no reproach that repels a man of un impeachable character, who baa made far J himself every step of his way in life, from < placinghtBrln U> owpatalion. I will not ray, raising liertohb own alatipns I sey, placing her in it. The deter .laboun under no re- j proaeh, unices she abouM linfbetunatdy nuke ! it for berarlf. a man is not! detersd from regasdh^bsras his eqnal, an4 when fie bsi convinced himself Hut dure . Is no blemish on hgr/X^a|t ;|be Bet must be taken to he prejtyexpwailf*."' ... - rii "And there;U »A a manf" Mid the Secretaiy. r.':. . - (Te b* mafia* sf) A Wo*ak*« iwu t# i Woo ftmat.— ge flowing {Qubadiw eqnsti? a nowl entitled JfaSrwa he wad withhiterest byXl whghj^ hdra^awuna^^ i —" »o^l«eawfhe|%tit gethe>log on the brow of his raprioioMMtyand daepiiraher to tdlmtdora.' — • ;r'^' 