NEW SOUTH WALES^ 38'.. 1 (.Abridged from {He ‘Syaney 1.* tte tati’ December 7th.) WATER POLICE COURT, SYDNEY.' Henry Louis Bertrand, (25.) dejlist,' lately carrying «n .business ! in Sydney, and Jane Bertrand (21), his wife, were, on Wednesday, the 29th ult.j brcught before the Water Polled Magistrate and M rG . B. ElUott, J.P., a charge that they did, at St Leonard’s, in tbe district of Sydney, ou or about the 2nd of October Inst'feloniously, wilfully, and with malice aforethought, kill and murder Henry Kinder. Maria Helen Kinder (apparently about thirty years of age,) the vrife of deceased, was at the ssme time cliarged with being no accessory to the murder. Mr Butler-appeared as counsel for the Crovru; Mr W. Roberts was for Mr and Mrs Bertrand; and Mr R. W. Bobberds (of the firm of Gnr« ner and'Robberde,) with Mr P. Maepberson, for Mrs Kinder. . - ■ Detective Elliott apprehended Jane Ber^ trand on the 28tb ultimo, at her residence in Wynyard'Fquare. Shewas conveyed to the female vratchhouso, where lie read io her the warrant by virtue of which she whs arrested; and to the charge therein contained she made no answer. He received from her a gold watch, chain, locket, and two rings, and a . portemonnaic ^con^ taioing L6 ,18s 6d. In the porlcmounaie there were two cards bearing the name of Kinder, Henry Wager, TvStdent clerk in the detective department, proved the arrest of Maria Helen Kinder, atlBatliur8t,on Monday, the 25lh ult. She was, by warrant under the* hand of tbc-police magistrate, remanded 4o Sydney. Witness escorted her from Bathurst, She made no answer to the charge. Beofy Louis Bertrand, who bad been removed under writ of habcai corpus from DarVmgburst Gaol (where iie was undergoing a sentence^id' default of sureties to keep the peace—for using threatening language to a Mrs Robertson), was, on the morningof tbe2dth,arresUd at the Darlinghuret Police-station, by Ds;, teclive Elliott, on the present charge. When ^ the warrant waa read to him, he said " It’s , rather a heavy charge.” Elliott asked, Am I.-to take thaCas your answer to the charge?” ' Bertrand .rejoined. “Am I on my trial now?” Elliott said, *' No 1 am only staling to you (he - chartre.” Bertrand ai]ded, “ My reply toit ■ iS“ Not Guilty.” Prifoners were remanded until . M o n d a t, D e c . 4. Mr Butler opened (he case for the Crowiu The principle evidence ae to Bertrand and his wife would be admissions made by tbciD;"and as far ns Mrs Kinder was concerned, it would be far their worships (o taUe into account Ihn circumstances tending to prove the probability of her being conuecLed with the alleged crime, Tbe motive for the crime wouJd be found in the writings both of BprirandandMrsKtader, as there would be sufficient to satisfy - their Worships tliaV even during the lifetime of the husband alleged to have been murdered,, there was a personal iniimacy,Rod perhaps an illicit intercourse, iietween Bertrand aud Mrs Kinder. ALer the de.'itli of Kinder, and when Mrs Kinder had gone to reside at Bsthurit, what was called a journal nr diary was kept by Berlrand, it being an understanding between them that he should jot down his thouglits, feelings, and the events of the day, for J)er persual whi-n thi’y should meet again. From entries in this diary, it woull be clearly seen (hat it was bis intetitiou to procme a divorce from his present wife, and 10 marry Mrs Kinder. The very first entry wns in a most impassioned strain. He talked of her as his w’iff, and of “ sweeping away, as _ with a Bcimih.r, his enemies,” orj tiiose who should “ siep between her love and him.” ‘‘ Think kin ily of me—of my great failings,” it proceeded—” see what I have done for thpe —for my, for our love-,—think of that, and doubt me if you can.” In referenoe to the prosecution of Jackson, and his conimital to prison for sending a ilireatening letter, there was an entry to Hub efiect: “ It pleased me. lam satisfied. Thus once more perish my encmie?. He is disposed of for the present. Are you sorry? C.ime home. The first thing June did was to tell me that after all our qurrrel with reg«rd to your laughing at Jackson, you, while I was in court, laughed openly at him. Di<I you do so? If so, you ivill be bis ruin, for I have not done with him yet. Why will you enrnge me?” It might be necessary to expisiu that grounds would be found for imputing to Jackson an intimacy with .Mrs Kinder, and that Betrand, having an affection for the woman, beca-ne jealous of this man on account of his antecedent rela« lions with Mrs Kindi-r wldlstthey were living in New Zealand. ' In another entry be said “ lam now by my ownaeonies peying-a d^bt to retributive justice. Uow or what I have made others suffer, God only knows. Bqtif I liare. I richly deserve all I feci ; and you,my love, have you not done (he same?” fercncG to (he intention of getting a divorce, he eavi,“ Dream of the future, for do we both look forward to repent our sine and make, peace with our God. lam sure He will help us to be good if wc try with all our heart and strength,” &c.; Then he said, “ TblnkiDg of the lime wheu we shall meet to part only in death—when will (hat time arrive? It apprcBcbcBi slowly, but with slow steps; but it will come, believe me, ai «u»-ely as you believe there is a God—I have said it.” He said further “ What would I he without thee, or even the hope of possess* ing thee?” In another passage this occured: —“ I look back at the past, and I am almost astonished at what I have dared and success* fully executed. Gao you, after ihat^ say you have not fuitU in me—tliat I am changed, Hiid that I could care for others besides thee?” . Then, in reference to her future conduct,.he advised her to be good, at ft was not too Iste to pray Io God with a true repentant lieart,' adding, ” I dare not yet left upmy voice to Him. I feel I dare not yotask his forgiveuess. My dear wife, pray for thy husband.** The following would be incredible, except on ihe supposition that Mrs Bertrand was perfectly cognisant of his intimacy with Mrs Kinder; —I epcHk a great deal of my efiriirs to my dear sister;-She loves me, aud is muoh coo* ceroed about ourfoturo* oho is favourable to. our ffiy orcoiand (bis» under th t olrqumitonoei. U4he«i0Bt«nd tMnBljCBp-afftdf fW T T lna' ?!^ii i-nnoemcd.” Then wuh reference to S the ruppjBition'of entecedent inlimecy, Jie Sid “ Do yon, my Ellen, pver dream that we Jiriocliealn each other’a arma once more?” In another Jiart,t he eaid^lin reference to a 5 r,on nam^ Bcllhdhae haring to stop at hie After that, Mra Epberjjon > a 8 SSriVerr ill, aiiJ is Bleeping with my eiater. f,noi!Obliged to Bleep with me. It feels eo iimie.aB l harenot slept with her for ;a longtime. It seems Hke sleeping with some, MB elio’e wife.” Writing m reference to his OTrlSypro8pects,hesaid.-“ My heart geW rick and faint wheA H ook into the future. rid I flatter myself that God would let a lietdh like me go-Unpunished? But I tell rt^B fate, I defy thee.” Speaking of. ,the ailmt of tfle diaryj ho wrotfei^' Tills dihry 'll for thee, my flcleu.” Then he had ji tnemor- Sdamin whicli lie in formed the father of Mrsi -MnSer 'of, jW s feeling he had, ahput 'liis ^Sainicr Aiid'St iccnied incredibletliat-hls, riiterand her father should, without any rxnresilon of dissent, be aware of this attachment. Therdwhs, however, it appeared, dinanprohatioD on tlie mother’s part. In another *Btiy,4 Bspolie of beliig in a boat in the har-' honr sunding on the deck, his “ face turned toWBrdi tlio little liouse with two chimneys, gnd thinking of the time when, on the wings of loTC,he flew to the arms of my beloved. Ob, my heart einks when I recall tliose happy mejtingsnotsr gpne by.*’ (This referred to the time when Jirs Kinder was living with her husbandijW hen none were by to in* terrupl u s,, Those were happy ..moments^ aliyed Vith-'bitthr thoughts. ' How horribly jealoUB I was. How could I bear to know that Eelen, my love,belooged to some one who' had a legal right to do and eay anything ho liked,with her? It droVe.ms raring mad,and f ‘ •“ 'vliot 9W’ i looked around me, and :nr ilm%oplo coffliP? a»d going as they iiledtti ’ao ; anil, racked by my thoagUte, tttrely there can be no worse tied than our iffn jCODBCience^' la another entry iie said— 'Thfefiiofe lSey oppose 88, the more will be • nypower of reBistance. Poor fools to try. Mathwartniy will. I who Value life so little, and value weapons to be used when reg[uired, tod then tlirown away or destroyed, sonie, of course, being kept for future use, if neces*' letters were found in his possM8ion,and would be proved to be in the Baodwfiting of Mrs Kinder, sent to him from Bathurst. By tins diary it appeared tha; he vai in the habit of corresponding with her. only one of bis letters was found in her possesion; and it would seem that In the case W the first he wrote to her, part of it was lot^ded for the inspection of her mother, the iitft’intended only for her own eye,—the ortioQ intended for the mother being separate, Sut enclosed. She admitted the receipt of other letters, but said they -were destroyed. Her eorrespondcncc with Bertrand would be prpdoced, disclosiug an ,attac]imei)t quite at ardent on her part as that ente^tained on bis part towards her. Part of Ber* 4rand’s -evideoce at the inquest would he proved by this correspondence to be utterly false. When asked if Kinder was jealous of bis wife, Behrand said " Be was jealous of bis wife witb*ev.ery person—he was a monomaniac on tbatpoint. She would answer when lie abused her. But to my knowledge for the .last , six months 1 am certain Mrs Kinder never gave deceased ooension for the nokind manner he shewed towards her,” Letters would bn produciid to show that this was absolutely false, borne of these letters bEgan in'October, and came down to the 223rd o^iNovember. The statement given of what occurred when deceased was shot, was lhac, 'WheoBertrand, Mrs Bertrand,and Mrs Kinder , were present, Mr Kinder cameintothe room, baving bgeii drinking, and liaving some time ^before been talking about his affairs, -got ifexcllcd, fired a pistol nt his head, and fell itfown'. The curious fact cunnecfed.with tl^is '¥as» that neither Mrs Kinder nor Mrs Ber« -brand gave Informaiion to the police on the '.maUer. ■Tt was stated that Kinder died of the Injory which be then *inflicted on himself; but tabsequenliy Bertrand stated to his own distort who;had cable up from Melbourne Cre- 'jlerred to infthe diary as the person for whom be had A great afiecliun, and who bad a great '.tiSeciibu for.him), that the mode of Kinder’s ^eatU was not as mentioned in the newspapers or at (he inquest—that lie (Bertrand) bad shot him; and that, as he lingered, nnd sppaared likely to'get somewhat better, Mrs Bertrand and Mrs Kinder concurred in poisoning him. The asssistant would .prove -that he (the assistani) w(is for weeks before privy to a design 'to commit the Blieged^nu^der,and to repeated attempts to murder Kinder; that he sent his assistant to buy pistols, Bertrand accompanying him in woman’satiire. And it would be proved tl^at with one of these pistols Kodercamc by Ins death. A person who, being cognisant of such a proceeding, did not dcuounce it to the auihoritics would scarcely be admitted us a very creiitable witness; nnd hia statement would seem improbable, if not confirmed by other testimony. It would bo proved that Bertrand, with the aid of his aiaUlant, procured a sheep’s liead, and in his own house . fired at it for practice <vith the pistols that he had obtained. As to Mrs Bertrand, it would he sliown, when asked about (he circumstuuce by a person whose evidence would be forlhcoming, she said fomething'to the that KiivJer was sho Kinder showed Berir.aKd a card nnd ^ome letters,and ihatiBertraud theu shot jtitn, facing the pistol as if it hal been fired from Kinder^e band, and putting a pipe in liis inouih. Mrs Bertraud also spoke of Kinder getting better, and of poisoning him. She •aidahedid it, being afraid of her life being taken by .her ImsbaiH. Mrs Kinder was present; and if her Imsband was shot ond poisoned she must have been privy to it. <)n one occasions card-'w’as produced and shown io the wife, and when asked if she romem** bered it, she cried out to the husband, ’ Don’t, don’t,” and got quite nffected by the production. He admitted tiiat this was the card put into Kinder’s hand at the time he was shot. Oq another’ occasion ho threatened, in Mrs Kinder’s presence, to discloso that he had Commiued the murder; and slic said, “ Don’t, doDt,” in an apparent state of alarm, “ Don’t do anything of ihc kind.” If that occutrod, it showed a bygone complicity in what took place. The Gvideuce for the Crown wai then pro deeded wiili. Detective Uiebard Elliot produced a packet ‘Of letters which, on the 24th of last month, whilst Bertrand was in Darlinghurst Gaol, be found'dnia becretaty in prisoner’s house, Wynyard-gquare. One of the letters boro the Dameuf Mr^ Kinder; (he others appeared to bfi without sigiiature, but they appeared to be In the eame handwriting as ihnt -bearing the pamepifMri^ Kinder. He produced a diary found at iiie same lime in one of the drawers In Bertrand’s bedroom; this drawer was not locked when found. He also produced a mail boUlcJ‘ labelled “ tincture of belladonna,” a large pliial containiug , a white p^der, and two pieces • of dry substances, were now folded up and sealed. The bssistunt (Alfred Burne) on lJ)c same day banded to witness a phial, labelled “ chlori^^e of xinc.” He also produced a pistol, powder-flask, and u box containing cops, all which ho found in the same eecretary. The tomahawk ho produced lie received from the Assistant the same day. He also produced n which .was found in a drawer in Bertrand’s i)Gdroom "by tlio arsislant, nu3 fD Inspector Rend in witness’s pre*^ sence. He also produced a bottle he had rt*^ ®9^ved from the clerk of ln<poolor Head. It had the jpotd “ ^loison” written on whnt apgared to be the label of Wilkinson, chemist, ^Qateirsfreet.. . Wager, rccalled-~I arrested Mrs Si^riDBatbuTsi,Ather400ihGr’a. I «aid bpre a number of. jour leitprs H9 Wr Bwlnmfi, iwt Vynyard T ^are ; and I will thank you to let me have any lettera you have received from Mi Ber« trand.” Shbrepfi^».*' Ihhvenone ; 1 always burned them.*f.‘. 1 made a jsearcb. and found a letter dated 7 Wybyardssquare, October 28, 1865, and signed '^lioais Bertrand,” I understood Mrs Kinder to eigr - tfiis ^ was ber^ desk. I ' also found «n -envelope ad-, dressed ** H. L. Bertrand. 7 Wyoyard-square.” I pointed to an^pun box in the bedroom^ and asked her what that contained. She replied, ” It contains nothing but mV children’s dotbihg;and the pistol with which 'iny bua* Iband shot him^lf.”/ : 1 searched the box, and' found the pistol which 1 now produce. (This was a common pistol* with a trigger guard— the other pistol, produced ty Elliott, having a secret trigger.) , *• ' \- ‘ Harriet Kerr>^I am a married woman, and 'ustef to Bertrand, sbe prisoner. X arrived fibm Melbourne abdntVlx weeks ajgq, and wenttolive-at hishbuseln'' Wynyafd-sqnare. -Shortly after I arrived be spoke of 'Mrs, Kinder, and said he wiehed to makeher liis' wife77tbatih6 ^^Bbed a fiivorce-^rom^’bla p reset wife. Be said he was very jnuob in love with person, Mrs Kinder, <jl laid I was V'ery ^uch surprised, as in his letters to me he said he was living happily with ’ his wife. 1 argued with' him, ana said that after being .married for three years,'he should thihkoF better tlnngs. I only'had one conversation with him bn the subject of .the divorce. About a week afterwards, or five or. six-days, early in4ibe morning, just before breakfast and .before leaving - my bedroom, Bertrand came into my room whilst I was washingAbehaby. Be eaid, **Stay a minute, l.liaye someihiitg to say to you*” He told the to sit down on ihe^lde of the bed, and asked me ]f I bad read about tlie death of Kinder. lea id lh a d . He paused a litile, and ihen vaid; '‘Kinderdidnotshbot himself.” He said, *'I shot him.” Ireplied. ” Tou must l^e'mad to bay such'a thing.” He said. ” No, la m not mad. I tell you I did eboot himi” 1 said, bow cruel of you to • do so,” and I put.up my hands to my face. He pulled them down again. I wascrying.and he said, '’Don’t ' cry ; 1 don’t regret what 1 liave done.’’ He said Kinder was In his woy. He said be would do tlie same thing to any man *who stood in his way. . He warned me not to tell his wife what he had told me. He said lie was jealous oi Kinder, and that he loved Mrs IHodcr very dearly. When he said he shot shothim, he said he puttbe pistol in liis bafid and a pipe in his mouth, and that afterwards lie threw tlie pistol that be shot him with into the harbour. He did not say to me that he put a card into Kinder's hand before he shot him, 1 was told so, but not by Mr Bertrand. When 1 remonstrated with him, be said, “You need not be so hard upon me—Kinder was going to shoot me, and bad bought a gun to do eo.” He did notsay from whom he had heard that. *He said that it was well planned, and if it ever c.ime before the public, they would not believe It. He said. “We planned it.” He said ih'atTnore than myself planned it. We did' not mention Mrs Kinderd’s name in that eonViKaiion, About three weeks afterwards, I had another cern’* verwtion with him in the diningroom. His wife was present, but she wos asleep on tlic.aofa. Sbe used to sleep a great deal I thought it was not natural sometimes. Tt was more, like stupor. He then entered into conversdiion about the divorce from his wife.. He used to beat his wife most brutally. This I observed Whilst staying in the hdiise. Speaking of the divorbe; how I told him wrong his conduct was. His treatmept of his wife WEB everything that was bad, wicked, and cruel. He attempted her life two 'or three times whilst 1 was in the house. He said ha must marry Mrs Kinder. He said, “I don’t want to kill Jane,” jmcai.ing his wile *but if 1 cannot get a divorce 1 shall get up an an adultery casc with some respectable and then Jane can sue me for a divorce.” I asked him why he did not give up his (hongbt bf marrying that womnn. He said he could uot give her tip. I said ” She must be a bad woman, to be cogtiieantf o ,the death of her husband ; she could not make yon a good wife.” I Slid siic must be a bad woman. He answered, “ Yes, I knnw she is a bad woman.” He said that is wliy he must marry her—because sbe was a wicked woman. He .said hewGuld make w second Lncretia of her. He paused, and leaning ov r roe, whispered ** Kinder did uot die by the shot, we poisoned him.” He said «he (pointing to his wife on the sofa) gave him the poison. He said tlic poison would never be discovered, ar^d that he had enough poison in'ihe house to kill half the pcorle in Sydney. He siiid it was very likely lin t before I went to Brisbane I shonid wife’s funeral. Several times he has sp )kcn about lunder. about teeing his ghost, And when he BiW tlie colour of liquors on the table referred to it as blood. At one time he said lie loved Mrs Kinder dearly , and at other '.limes said she knew every wicked died that could be committed,and that she was a devil’s imp. He also said she was a clever woman. One night he attempted Co murder his wife, about a momh aRO. I was in the house at the time. He had been out, and came home at about one o’clock in the morniug. He would never allow Mrs Bertrand a will of her own in the house. She was very frightened of him. Spettking of^.some sub* ject—1 cannot remember whut—Bertrand and )]jg wile were Calking, and sbe darid to argue with him, when he got up in o very excited state, and said her time had come—that she must die. He took up a slick wiili a sling at the end, called a life preserver, and said he wanted to measure tlie exact spot where her brain was, so that ho couU kill her with one blow. She said “Don’t kill mo, jou pro'* niised me on your word of honour that you would dot kilfrae.” He then raised (he stick to eirike, and I interfered, pleaded that for his mother’s; for the children’s sake, for all theirs sakes, he would forbear. lie told me not to look at him, or speak to him; and said, ‘■Go out of the room, or I will brain you.’| I went out of tlie room with fear and trembling, niy tongue cleaving to the roof of my mouth. I tried to call out, but could not. I thought he would murder her. After I left the room, he shut the door. I managed to crawl to the (op of tlie kitchen stairs. I was so faint I could not walk then. I called for Bridget the servant, and when she enme up I said “ Bridget, there is something dreadful hap­ pening in tlie parlor.” Wliilst 1 was speaks ing to her the handle of the door was turned, I got up to the first landing of the stairs. Whilst sitting there, I heard them saying something. My brother said, “ Now, Jane, I want you to go into the surgery;’’ and site asked wliat for. He said, “I want you to write on this piece of paper that you are tired of your life ond tliat you poisoned yourself by your own liands " She said, “ No, I ehall not write it.” He said, ■' I will make you.” Slio said, “ You may pour tlie poison down ray throat, b u ll will not write anytliing.” Before the conservaiion began, my brother bad poured mo out a little weak brandy and water, and wliilst I wtis on tiie stairs I board him say to Jane. “ Drink that,’’ meaning the brandy and water that he had poured out for nio. He said, “ Drink it up.” She drank it, Mrs Bertrand then came out, nnd we retired to our rtoni for the niglit. Mrs Berirupd and I slept together. 61ic slept willi me Hie wliolo lime I was tliere, except one night. There was then a stranger, a lady visitor, in tlio bouse, Mrs Bertrand, when ebe got into tbe room, sat down on a chair quite exhausted, and, to my nslonislinient.fell fust asleep. I tbouglit it was strange slie sliould fall asleep so soon after so exciting u scene. It was about ten niiiiules aficr drinking the brandy nnd water ; on two otiier oc' caBsionslie attempted her lifq,. After tbe first eonversation with my brotlier relative to tlio death of Kinder, Mrs Bertrand asked me why iV as looking to paic-w hst was the matter wlUi me. I aald I had Inard told someililng hy Henry that I could aoateely hellove to be true. 6he said,« . What did be eay to you f ” I saidlie told me that he shot Mr Kinder. ■I ' asked her, “ Is tW trne'=7” She said •* Yes.” , This was in the diniDgrooin on the afternoon < :of (he same day that my!broth'er-told me he had shot Kinder., tSbg said, “'Yoa know.. H ^ ry and Mre Kinder and I are constantly VisUing at the North Shore, and that, on ,one parlictilar morning, 'Henry.said,” You. .must go over' to the North Sliore,” .’ She. said Henry had often threatened to kill Mr Kinder. In referanee to, shooting him, she one ' day, in the'parldur, warnbd Mrs Kinder about this— that Bertrand was ^ in g ,o r had threatened, to kill him.' Mrs • Kinder said' “ Tell him yourself.'’*': Mrs Bertrand said, “ No ; if it was my husband that was t o ' beshot, 1 gUould tell . him myself, and. .think.. 1 had a right to do it.” ' Tlie' reply was sometbiug to that effect’. She said that Henry' waa in' love with Mrs Kinder, and that she (Mrs Bertraud) nnd her husband : were to be divorced inconsequence of this. She said they were living a comfortless life together, and were quite reconciled to the fact of a divorce, she being tired of the iU«treatment she bad been receiving. -She then told me that, on one particular morning, Bertrand told her she was to go over to the North Shore, and take the baby and Sophy (tlie nurse girl). She did not wish to go thfit morning, because it was raining, and the baby would get wet. .He said she must go, and they did go. She said she noticed that when Bertrand came to the house (Kinder’s) he seemed more serious than he had been for Bouie time, and seemed kinder to Mr Kinder. Mr Bertrand was walking np and down the room very fast, ^ d she noticed that be kept his gloves on. and one band in his pocket. SSlie said, I think, sliortly after, Bertrand and Kinder were talking about the business affairs of Kinder, speaking of New Zealand, and reading letters from New Zealand. She further said that Mrs Kinder and herself were standing at the window, looking out, when they beard the report of a pUto), and on turn* ing round she saw Mr Kinder sitting in c ciiair and a pistol drop from his hand, and saw Bertrand place a pipe in Kinder’s mouth, taking tlie pipe from the taiile. Mrs Kinder ran out of the room. Bertrand followed her with a loaded pistol, put it to her head, and said if she did not go into the room he would blow her brains out. Mrs Kinder come into the room. Bertrand then look hold of Mrs Bertrand’s atm, and made her face Mr Kinder. She told me the blood was then flowing from the wound, and that Bertraud’a fingers uearly met in the flesh,. and he pinched . her arm so hard that the marks were left for three weeks afterwards, He said, Now look at him ; look at him well”—making her look. " I wish you always to ace liim before you.” She said that after Kinder was shot they made her (Mrs Bertrand) nurse and attend upon him. She said she was doing all she could for the sick man, to remedythe evil her husband had done. Mrs Kinder and Bertrand, during uearly the whole time, were acting io an improper manner, such as walking up and down the verandah with their arms around each oiher’s waists. Some time after Ibeshot was fired she was looking round the room, and said she saw something lying against the waiiicot, and found it to be a bullet, flattened. She said “ Mr Bertrandhan to me and took it from me, and put it io iiis waistcoat p.)cket, saying, ‘This is just whnt I wonted.’ ” She said she had been amending upon Mr Kinder two or tliree days,when he was improving. She said that Mr Bertrand had decided that he could not let Kinder live—that he must be poisoned. Sbe said Kinder seemed better—not so delirious and more sensible. That Mrs Kinder went up to bim and said, “ Why were you so cruel as to shoot yoiireeif?” .He said, “ I did not eboot myself.” Slie said subsequently that Mr Bertrand afterwards forced her to mix the poison, and that Mrs Kinder gave it to him. That was all that was said to roe that I recollect. I said I must leave the house after what she had told roe. She begged of me not to do so, and sa id •il I left the house she w'ould be murdered as he would think she had advised me to go and tell of these things; and so I remained. I should have left on otU'^r occasions, but my brother would not allow me to go. He said he would not be such a fool. 'When I first cama there I noticed some) strange marks on Mrs Bertrand’s back wiiUst she was dressing. Tiiey had all the appearance of burns or scalds, and speaking of them she said, “ Did you see these marks?” ! said ‘Yes.” She said “ W ei, he thrashed me with her (Mrs Kinder’s) whip, and took pieces of flesh out;” and she said this was because she had said something about letting the murder out. On her back and ehoulders there were marks as if ihe fle^lt liad been torn ofl!, and she also had a black eye. She told me afterwards, in Mrs Kinder’s presence, that he iiad stabbed her (Mrs Bstrandj with a penknife, which penetrated to the deptli of the blade; and she showed “me a pair of stays tliat were saturated witli b’-ood. S'nce she mude the confession about the ill-tre.-ilment. she said that Betrand had toll! her to be very kind to Mr Ucdlhouse, and to allow bim to kiss her if necessary. This he told her at night, after Be Ihousc had left. I wished her very much to go to some magi -tr.ite and confess wliaC she had told me. I said, “ If you do not, you will bear tlie blame and very likely this woman who deserves it would get clear, whilst you might be banged.” She said, “ No. I would never be hanged—, would poison myself,” She refused to go to a magistrate. Two or three times I have said I would go, and would bring the police to the house. She would uot allow me to go, and said that if I to'd it to anyone they would think me mad. Indeed, I believe that Bertrand had told Defries tliat I was mad, I told it to Defries, and after that went to Captain McLcric about the case. I often thought my brotlier was mad, from the way he went on. Mrs Betrand, on one occasion, stated that Mrs Kinder was staying in (he house before I came from Mclbourue. She did notsay liow long she was staying there; but she said that |wheoever Mrs Kinder was there, Betrand alway's ill-treated her (Mrs Bertrand); that when Mrs Kinder wa away lie never attempted her life. Sbe also said that Bertrand liad forced her (Mrs Bern trand) to sleep in the same room with Mrs Kinder and himself. lie took Mrs Kinder into ! Mrs Bertrand’s bed, and lay down with them both. Sbe said that Bertrand and Mrs Kinder had been frequently alone in bed. One day, when we were alone after dinner, Mrs Kinder was kneeling down tying tlio dress of a little boy, when sbe said, “ You see me Id very disadvantageous circumstances.” I said, **I wonder liowyou dare to look at me, or address me in niy brother’s absence,” This was all tliat was said, as some one came into the room at the time. Mrs Kinder eiiortly after went awnv to Bathurst. Cross-examined—I «nd my brolbcr whre not upon fricedly terms at all times wlien I was residing with him. It is not a fact that be, at some lime, whilst I was residing with Iiini, refused to assist me in pecuniary matters. 1 have never quarrelled witli him in conaequence of his refusal to purcliase articles of wearing apparel for me, I do not recollect saying to him, “ You refuse to purchase things for me, hut you spend money on Mrs Kinder.” I did not toll my' brotlier, before I kneivuny' tiling of Hie death of Kinder, tliat iiad dreamed of his death, or of tlio way in which it wag brought about. No allusion of tlie kind was made. After priaoiier told me Hint be li'id shut Kinder, I miglii have related toliim Hiat iny sister in Melbourne,on reading the report, had soid bow silly it was to lend pistols to a man who Imd ((ireatcucd to shoot himself. Bertrand never told me ilial that he had lent Kinder tlie pistol; Hie remark nrose out of the report io v the i - paper. - I said that .• I often Hiought my brother was mad from the way in which he went on. I have asid to Mr | Defrleo that I thought my hroUi?r p»ut he a lunatic, or he opnid np^ have done and said vhatbe'had. When my brother mentioned the circumstance first,^ Ke said lhati he had shothim .' brother ’was calm at the titaei he said eo. He did not say that K inder' dtedr^- He mei^ly ..Aaid th at''h e had shot him.' He ' o f t ^ ' stated that people believed that Kinder had died ''by his own hand. I had - not a ' moment’s peace in the house tince I heard of the m u r­ der. ,My brother did not appear , anxions to get me out of the bonse, but quite the bOD\ t7ary, and when Jt wanted to go be always hindered me. He always professed tobe veryfbod oX me, and saidT wasiiis favourite sister.. Although be professed fondness for me, he ^ did not sliow it by his manher. He waa often very eccentric^ Even In gaping ho would imitate the roar of a tiger, and had done'it in the street. He always professed to have an idea that be.conld mesmerise people. On one' occasion, when we were spending the evening At Mr Detrles’, Bertrand acted in a very eccentric manner ell the night. He p u t' his fingers up to his head to make horns, he said he was the devil. He said he could call up Kinder’s ghost io thcToom. Of course 1 did' Bit expec that he could do such .a tbing.but the liorror of knowing what 1 did affected me, and I went into hysterics. I believe Bertrand was a temperate man. He did not lell me that his wife knew whether it was poison or not. Prom what he said, Mrs Bertrand, I should conclude, might be wholly ionocent, and not have known what U was she mixed. He did not say .that he compelled bis wife to mix the poison. 1 have generally a good recollection, but I have ^ n e through a gobd dial lately. When I ep^e to Mrs iBenrand, and mentioned that her husband had pointed to her and said, “ She mixed it,” Mrs Bertrand got up and stamped on the floor, and eaid, “ He’s a liar,” That was the same morning, or the morning after that Mr Bertrand had spoken about her mixing the poison. I did not know what to believe. I could not understand it. I did hot eay anything when Mrs Bcriraod stamped her foot and said, “ He’s a liar.” X was astounded,' and 1 did not like to speak to lier; I did not know what to say. I never heard Mrs Bertrand speak in unkind termsof Kinder,hut quite theother way. She always spoke in very kind terms of Kinder. Mrs Bei trand said that she turned rcund when she saw the pistol falling from the hands of Kinder. She might have said that she fainted afterwards. She repeated things that occurred shortly after Kinder was shot, nnd she therefore could not have been long unconsefous, supposing she had fainted. Mrs Bertrand mentioned to me by way of complaint, tliat on one occasion Mrs Kinder slept in the aame bed with Bertrand and herself. She eaid that Bertrand made her rlie in bed; that Mrs Kinder then came in, and that (bey had improper intercourse. On another nc^ CRSion, sbe said that she would not stay in bed, and that rather than do so, she took a mnttress and slept on the floor. At another time, Mrs Bertrand told me tliat her husbaud wished her to go and buy strychnine, and that she refused to go. Mrs Bertrand said she would not be such a fool. Bertrand often told me that he had a great mind to murder Mrs Bertrand,' and say I had done it. I know that Mrs Bertrand has been to the laspector-General’s office, and given informalion respecting tins matter. I never saw Mrs Bertrand, ioierfere in her husband’s businebB as to the poisons used; and as far as I am aware she had no knowledge of poisons. Mrs Bertrand, as. well as my brother, told me that Kinder was poisoned. Siie said Henry forced her to nfix the poison, and Mrs Kinder gave it him. She never told me for what purpose it waa mixed, and that ebe knew for what purpose it was intended. When I spoke of not being on frienrily terms with my brother, I mean to say X diff n d with him B6 to the course he took with regard to Mrs Kinder, and what he wanted me to do in tlie matter. ' „ * , Mary Agnes Roberlson was recalled, and examined,after which the further hearing was adjourned. *. i - . - . - Alfred Burne recalled.—1 liavebeen nearly four years in Bertrand’s service. I have known Mrs Kinder slop at Bertrand’s house at night- Betrand told me that on the first occasion of his knowing Mrs Kinder, she was accompanied by her niolliei and sister, nnd that after the acquaintance, when her mother and sister accompanied j her, he fxchanged letters with her when they shook hands at pnrlingt He told me that Mrs Kinder Imd taken a violent fancy for him. Home time after this lie told me that Kinder would very likely be found dead in his bed one morning. He said that Kinder would very likely com* niit fuicidc. On a Fuhsequent occasion lie (old me in the workshop that he would pot Kinder against Jackson, and so pot Jackson out of the road, by makinp Kinder jealous of him. About a fortnight afterwards lie told roe he h.ad succeeded, and that Kinder had pot Jackson to leave the house at (he Nortli Shore, After Jackson had been three or four days away, Bertrand to^d me that he had tried to drug Jackson for the purpose of getting papers and letters written to him by Mrs Kinder. Afterwards he said he required a boat for a little exercise, nnd asked me if I would accompany him. We went the following night, obout 12 o’clock. I bired a boat from Buckley between five and six o’clock,: and about twelve o’clock we went in it over, 10 the North Shore, as far as Kinder’s bouse, which was about five minutes’ walk from the wharf. The beat was tied up at the wharf, and we went to the side of Kinder’s house, opposite to tlte bedroom window, upon which the moon was shining. He said “ That is his l>edtoomI think he vent there for the purpose of getting papers. He did not uo in. Be said the moon was too strong. Wc re** turned to Sydney. We vent there again about three nights after. We were there about one o’clock in the roorniDg. This night he went into the house, whilst I was standirp about a dozen yards from it. He took off his boots, giving them to me to hold. I 6nniiot say how long he remained there, as I fell asleep. He got in by one of the front windows—the diningroom window, I think. After his return he said Kinder’s beer was untouched. He said,“ We had drugged it; that Kinder was very restless, starting up in his sleep every moment. At tea time that evening ho produced a hatchet he had bought and asked me to bore a hole in the handle eo that he could- lie it up by the string, and carry it concealed under his coat; and I did so. About one o’clock we went across in Hie boat. On going to the boat lie told roe tlmt Kinder Iiad insulted him at the theatre, and tliat it was his intention to knock his brains out. He also said he intended to get a divorce from Ills present wife, and to marry Mrs Kinder. I asked what was his cause against Mrs Bertrand, He said no canse. I told him I tliouglit it was impossible to get a divorce from her unless he could get aometliiug against her; and he eaid he would get some one, and pay them until lie got something against tier. When he was about going nut of his bouse, he would wish me good night, tell me to be back early in tbe morning, slam tlie door, end then he would come out at tbe back-door. Willi regard to what be said as to the divorce, I remarked wimt object could lie have in ' putting Mr Kinder out of Hie way when sire Kinder was lust as good as a wife to him. Be said Mr Kinder had insulted bim and, besides, he wished to have Mrs Kinder all to bimsclf. He said lie told Mrs Kinder tliat he Iiad been over there, and she would not believe it Wlieu we got to Hie liousc he went in the same way, Hirough Ihe ssmo window, by tnkiug off bis boots* He told me that lie had taken the screws out of the lock, and put the lock in again with putty, ao that it woqld readily fall out into his iiuqd. We returned in about an hour, p ra little more; and on our way back, lie eaid Jackson and Llewellyn (Mrs Kinder's brother) were there asleep in (he bnuieianA that he Aid not think it safe, • especially as the boa^a Mr *^berts.—Safe to do-iwhat If W ltfaes^ To murder M r Kinder,as I understood, t By Mr Butler—BTe then returnedt- to Sydney. The tom'abairk'rras a .pmajl one. It was that produced j hiit part of the bapdJe has been been' broken off About > after he told me he was going.over again,^oa asked me in the ofternoomif I would min a red Crimean shirt, >be(i4uBe It not show the color .-of blood; T got one frojn Giles’s. He then asked me if I understood making up, and if I would maVehloi np so. that be. .wovdd not bB:,T€feognis^. I ^ s iq , •’ Don’t yon-wish you ’ihliy get lt.” ‘ Between ■twelve and'one he shut the door agsin, sifter calling out to bis wife; then, went np stairs and shaved bltnself. Hjewbke me up. His face was then blackened.^. He had on a, shell 'hat belonging to me, wore the Crimean shirt; and on his'face he had alrind of mask, that concealed half his face. He told me to take off my boota, I did so, sad he did the. same. This was st hia own house, in Wynyardsquare. Wc put on our boots out"ide in the lane, and went across with a boat again at about half'past one o’clock, fie tolok some brandy in a ginger-beer bottle, and drank the brandy before going up to Blinder’s house. Be got inside the house, and remained ^here about three quarters of an hour. When we got back to the wharf; be said he did not like going borne without fluisbing what he had come to do; and nskefl me if I would accompany . him , to the house, go in with him, and if anything. happened, to take his part and knock anybody’s brains out who interfered? I eaid it was too romantic for me, or I don’t see any thing romantic in it,—that; 1 had no share in Mrs Kinder, and would not run auy^ risk; be went back by bimsclf, and returning in about half an hour ; he wuke me up,ae I wab Bileep on the wharf; on all these occasions I always carried tbb hatchet myself (except when he was io the house) for my own safety. I gave it to him when he got up to the house, l also used to sit in front of me in the boat, for fear of accidents.’ I niade him. pull the stroke whilst I pulled the bow oar—fearing lest taking me by surpTise whilst my back was towards him, be might throw me into the water. Two or three weeks after, Bertrand asked me if 1 bad any pistols, I said that I had one, but that I used it for conjuring—for wizarding,. He then asked me if I knew where any could he gVt, n n d ^ .e resn y one rnigl.t hu? .■l»!” witiiou't being rccognifed. • I told him I did not know. He said he would get sonQ'e himself. That night he asked me if I would accompany him, and meet him a t eight o’clock opposite Petty’s Hotel, and he would dress ns a woman. 1 waited until a quarter }HBt eight, and he did not come. I went to the __:i .L ^ him . 1 -a.Tij , in the house know wliat I had <anie for. I went out and met bim, nearly opposite Cohen’s Hotel, about twenty minutes afterwards. We went down Lower George-street, and I inquired at several places. A t last I succeeded in getting a pistol at Levey’s, in Lower George street. Wbilst I was in the shop Betrand came in and examined the ; Iiistols.) lie being tlien dressed aa a woman. ^ He expressed liis approval of them. He Iiad | shaved off a muuetaelic lie wore previously, j Kext morning be told me to go and get a slieep’s head; and I gotone from Sliarp’s, tlie buteher’a, in Huuter-street. He said wanted it to practice with, and told me uot to have it cut in two. I took it up to Bers trand’a wotksliop. He then made some bulk'l8. I eaw him make a model of one in wax to fit ilie pisiol, and tlieu pour piaster of poria upon it. In tlie mould lie poured lend. He loaded Hie piatol, and fired several times at the slieep’s ’nead. After firing about four times, Mrs ralmer and Mrs Bertrand came into the shop, and Mrs Palmer asked him what lie was doing. He immediately ordered them both out, and shut the door. He said he wished to know which part of the skull the bullet would enter into the sotmest; and he pointed to the sideof the temple, between Ihe eye and Hie ear, ns the best place. Notlilng more occurred unlil Monday morning—this being on the Saturday, On the Monday he teld me to burn tbe skull in the furnace, and I did so. Tlie next thing I heard was that Mr Kinder had shot himself. He came in between eleven and twelve on tlie morning of tlie day when I heard of Kinder shooting biniself. A week previously lie liad shown me a pistol he said lie intended to give "to Kinder —nut one of those produced, but one oi a better make. On tlie evening he told me tliat Kinder had sliot himself, tliat he bad gone out wiili him to have a drink; and tliat before going back to the house he had shown liira a pistol, telling him Hiat it was perfectly empty, altbougli at Oic same time it waslosded; lhathe fBertrand) placed'a cap upon the nipple and told Kinder to go into the room and iriglitcutlie ladies by preteudiug to sliont liiiiiself; that he did to, and of course shot liimscl^ Bertnnd said tliey were two or three liours looking for doctors, and Hist none of them thuualit tlie wound was infiicted by a bu.let. The day previous to Kinder’s death Bertrand took out of his pocket a smail boitle containing a while liquid, witliout any label. Tliis was in the wni'ksliop. Tlie liquid was like water. He took it out of Ills trousers pocket, saying it was poison, which he intended to give to Kinder ; that lie had often before given liim poison, and tliat it Iiad never taken iffect. He eaid Kinder stuck out to llie last that be did not shoot bimself. He also said that Kinder would liave no one with him but bimself (Berirand). .On Hie morning of Hie conversation about Kinder having shot Iiin'iself, Bertrand said one of tlie ladies had picked up a bullet on the floor, and liicli he allowed me. It was fiat. He merely laughed, and put it in his pocket. In tlie surgery I have seen Mrs Kinder with her arms round Bertram’s neck. I was not at work there at that time, but happened to be going in quickly. Tliink Bertrand said lie applied some poison to tbe wound,and that it was acid. Eitiier the third or the last time we went over to the Nortli Shore—it was on Friday niglit—he said Kinder miglit be killed that night, and as Jackson was leaving the colony next day, suspioions would fall upon him. Since Kinder’s dealli, I have had no conversation with Jackson, T eesdav, Dec 5. Alfred Burne, cross-examined—I am twenty years of age. I did not give any evidence at the inquest on tbe body of Kinder. I have been at tbe Detectiveoffice since tbe inquest. I went there, being in danger of my life if Bertrand got at liberty. I took three letters to Mrs Kinder, Two I received from Mr Bertrand, and one from Mrs Bertrand, There was to be secrecy. 1 cannot eay when Mrs Kinder first visited Bertrand’s establishment, but it was before tbe montli of August last. I took no notice of i t ; it did not interest me. I am an amateur theatrical, and used to do Hie juvenile business at the Victoria Theatre before it closed. I guessed tlicy had a liking for each other, and that the first letter was for an appointment. It was shout a week afier that he told me Mra Kinder Iiad taken a violent fancy to bim ; bul Hie day previous to giving me tlie letter, he eaid Mrs Kinder waa a rematkaidy fine woman, at tlie tame time winking, Bertrand told me Kinder had insnited him, and for tliat reason be was goingto knock his brains out; and I believe the same night lie said he bad drugged bim. lu fact, 1 uuderetood him to eay tliat he had drugged him every night be went over there except the first. .He said he had drugged the beer. I have broken confidence now, It was because 1 waa afraid of being implicated in (he death of Kim Previous to getting into difldcutiles, idee, < 1 n ei he stated hit Inlemion to put me opt of the ws}-; Mt^ hli litter, flta Ketr, me’t ta t I'lisd 'beSer 'gwe eri' deuce. I read about a page of the olarybefore the ditaitiTOs cafceJithe first P « e — whilst Bertrand was in gaol. \ keys from Mra Bertrand when Mr B e rtia ^ went to gaol. My leaion *0^ ras to see -if th.ere^pa anytliipgin J t,a ^ n i t Mr Bertrand.-' He has aome years prenottaly dressed himself in the chsracterof a He did 80 about three- years back as a j o i n . I once remonstrated with him about talkiug c a n b en o in o reto jo n thanahe ia e ltw y ., Ghlbrbdyne of idiic"afad J atbenic are. used lu the business of a dentisll for killing the nerres . of decayefi teeth,before stopping them. There were aerdral other unlmpOTlant w itnesses examined, whose oTidopce our epa<» forbids us firing-in «hls fsane, the Inveitlgation resulted, as our telegram of yesterdayinformed ns, irrlhBOotnmitlal of all the pri« soners for trial for the murder. 