MISCELLANEOUS. Time fob Pntixiso Ouciiaud*. — Just as soon as the leaves b -ain to fall tb.-n is the time to j liesin to piune orchard trea-s. When pi-iiuiiig is aMayeil till a growth is made, all. the foliage j made and cut off is so much lost to the future strength «-f the tree awl its capacity for fruit 1 prune early »ll-l give all the Sap that rises to tbe new wood aud the crop of new fiuit. — Hree!;Iy I Jet aid. . ] Ghapes FH'jt Rai-ix Pip.s — We have been shown several bun ;hes ofgigantiegrajjes. gniwu by Mr Carige, tJeiinlla. Irom the seed of au iitipot ted raisin. Not the least sttikinn feature are the siz: ami fl iv-»r of tint fruit. The seed was sown in the winter of 1858. ami was twice transpl wited. It bore one branch of fruit in 1863, several iu the foll.twing j'ear, aud no less ;thau twelve in the pr.-sent.- It has been christened the magtium boriuin. — Aryus In the last sifting of the Paris Society for the Protection «-f Animals, the vice-president. I)r. lilatin, announced that he had just propns -d to the Government that the sale of horse-flesh as an article of food , should Ic permitted iu the Fr- nch capital. The sul j -ct, he. said, had been sul unit ted t-i the Council of State for ila'ciMou. but in the meantime the -isters of St. Vincent -ie Paul, rue di] F uicontiie.r. distrioute every Saturday Jto tha*. poor one -»r twa» horses, in addi tion to the beef --ou l ri bated by tbe bureau de hicnfaisaiice. The applicants for that meat are so numerous, the limi. gentleman stated, that all cannot be silislit:d. The I'uxcn and Judy Dialogue. — 'You must find it veiy cold ami alisagieeaule going ihraiugl-.. your performance tiiis wt: it her.'' said Neal (whose id j *ct Wasevidelith' to elicit from the n.aii sollle abuse of the scasain). *' Well it do numb one up .about- the tinge I S, gcn'leilieii, a gatml deal, pelti cally at i lie commencement of the drayiua. ami hefoie what you nny inn the action of Ilia .piece.' said tha: man ; ?' but I generally warms up in the set-to w t''i Judy, at;d l.y the time the ghost, business conies on I'm all of a i-!ow. for the mill with old nick iu the end, I've known it.set me in a peispiratiou even in Da-cetn'iei.' '? Ileal!} ! ' said Ned. ?? It's a fact I assure you. sir.'sai-l the diowttian. stirritiu his giog veiy , slowly. ?? Put it to yourst-lf. if you was laying about yon with a tliick stick, and the old g--ti-. tlctuen a dodging y-'U r iund about piouiiscuous ducking at eveiy blow you gev. and making yon waste your breath oil haiiy notbinks. as the poet says: why. it's hot tvoik, sir — let alone the ?iyeloir. which takes it out of \ou as much as anything.' 'ihe what'?'* saial Mr. liaiker. -The dyeing, sir. betwivii Punch and the oilier carackta-rs. Some' lines two on Yin. at a tiim — which all,'' coiitinUeal the. showman, taking a pull at bis tiinit.ler, '-lew.dves upon nie, ami ihotigh seejiiingly easy as seen fr-mi the out side, is veiy tiring Jo the lungs.' ' Lloii't yoii put a i-iral-A-histleor something to your inouih for Punch's sq-ieak ?' I asked. ' -ie«i'lein--ni.' said the showman, s-tlin.' down his tumbler, '1 -lon't wish to ti-- no strong Ituguagi* on that pint, but ('al scorn the action, and however -ich ?a. notion sait. a'.iout among the public has always bin a tnist'iy to me. Why, if their weie such a machine where would be the u-e of it ? I j-ut it lo you . ca-.n'lemeii — say you have got h beadl.-'s w-iic-e, which is giulf an-l surly-like: you have sot. a doctoi's woice which is 'atiabty anal severe, you've got a Judy's wa»ice which is more ten alerer iiiial al.-feieiatial ; yu've got. a choSte's woic. which ain't like tni w lice at nil. but a s»rt of haw-hawing, as jM-ak.-s the boys' l-lood (as I have heaid mv pal with the pipe and alrum say — foi. iu course. I na-ver sa-e %-m myselfj era-am iu th' ir va-ins «ut-i-Ie. Last of all. yu'v.- got. ihe ol.l Nick's woice. which is half-chii'-klinsr, ! half-gloom}-, aud s'pttlchral ; iu short, geii'lt-nien. j if I may make bold ta- Fay su. « res'lar devil of a woica-.' ' Toil furM the haniiman.' su^r nested Neil. ' The hatigmnn's wnice.'' said Mr. Punch's represi utitive. ' goes with (he beadle's. There ain't no aUstinction l-etween tha ?m. If there could have bin. I Would have mada- it. but it's no use. geii'b-meti. The hnman bings has a limit, anal after six changes (including Punch htsself). it- c--n't be managed, I have known memliers of the {auifession t«y it on : but. iu my opiiiiain. it has b.-»-n no go. Well, gen'leman. you've not l h-s» h -re fiv» woic ;s to deal with, anal you mean for to tell m - that any mortal mm wh-icin c-nne llxue w-iiees couMirt eomn th-- squeak? Or if lie e'liildn't ome it natural, tint it is likely hecouM keep poppin j that, thee flit, wlijstb-. or wh iteva-r you may call it. in and out of his bb-ssed month at every chance of woic--? G-'ii'ltfiiieti, take my word for il. there's no such tiling as the tlat whistle al all in the ; case, an-l wh«»-ver fiist jraif up tha- report tittered ! a gross calomel.' — C.'iristinas A'umbe/ of Lond.cn | SocUty. ... ^ * A Maine officer recently applied for a short furlough, stating tli-it if it was not granted he Mhoulal lose GOOOa) dollats He s-ii-i he was en gaged to lie mariird to a young lady w-ntli ! 51.009 dollars, that there Was another fellow after lii-r. and that she lia-l written lo him that *- it he dial not come ami many her ri^ht away, she would h ive the other m -iu.' — Amt-ric m paper. Dmiug a storm at Nuremberg, on the Gth instant, the upper pirt of the chura.-h towa-r whs struck ,l»y li ^htiain^ and set on fire. . The flam- s continued lti lal ike their Way down war' Is. and b'-fore the Woi k of devastation Could becheck--d, much dam ige was done. While liule children often escape death miraculously lh.-y sr»ine.-inies mei Lit in unite as siiisiiiltr a fashion. 'Ihe wife of a yi-unu driiiigist, at Halifax, the motha-r of only iwu little ones, left her infant iu the craille one Saturday night whit? she cariia-d its ebb r brotba-r up t-j Ileal. Duiiug her absence the ba-by, by some means or other, turned ova-r the era-tie, and falling face toremost into a bowl of water., in which tbe mother ? had wasl|,.a| ihe other child. Was druwne I without being able to raise its little voice for help. 