A FxRENwoErAN' CosM?RIBON OF LONDON AND PAms.-According to the Pall-Mall Gazette, a writer in La ReveuContemporaine shows that "Paris is like a pretty woman who captivates you at first sight, but in whom you every day discover moral imper fections, all the more distressing because her countenance raised your expectations ; whereas London is like a plain woman who rivets your affections by her charms of heart and mind." The extent of London is fifty square miles. Six-and-thirty differentlocali ties, now agglomerated into one gigantico whole, make up London, which stretches from Kensington to Greenwich, and from Hampstead to Wimbledon; which has 10 parks, 200 squares, and 360,000 houses. Paris has only 50,000 houses. The extent of London compared with that of Paris is as 31 to 7. And yet in spite of its prodigious extent, and its population of nearly 3,000,000, London is more comfortable in every way than Paris. The Revue notices with aston ishment various indications of London's im mensity, such as its 615 post-offices, 2000 postmen, 137 telegraph-offices, 230 cab stands, and its 12,000 beer-shops: "a son verre a boiro," says the writer, "nmea?res to monstre." DAwNONe.-The following nautical method of dancing was found among the papers of the late Admiral Sir Joseph Yorke, of face tious memory :-Third figure.-Heave a head, and pass your adversary yard- arm and yard-arm-regain your berth on the other tack in the same order-take your station with your partner in line-back and fill fall on your heel, and bring up with your partner. She then mancouvres a-head heaves all back-shoots a-head again, and pays off alongside of you. Then make sail in company with her nearly astern of the other line-make a stern board, and cast her off to shift for herself-regain your place by the best means in your power, and let go your anchor. HoNESTY.--An anecdote is related of Sheridan, who went to a hairdresser to order a wig. On being measured, the barber, a liberal soul, invited the orator to take some refreshment in an inner room. Hero he regaled him with a bottle of port, and showed so much genuine hospitality, that Sheridan's heart was touched. When they rose from the table, and were about separating, the latter, looking the barber full in the face, said, " on reflecting, I don't intend that you shall make my wig? " Astonished, and with a blank visage, the other cried, "good heavens, Mr. Sheridan, how can I have dis pleased you?" "Why, look you," said Sheridan; "you are an honest fellow, and, I orepeat it, you shan't makeo the wig, for I never intended to pay for it. I'll go to another less worthy son of the craft." Macaulay. PARnsIN EXTRAORDINAnr.-The following scene is said to have occurred at a school not a hundred miles from London :-Teacher " What part of speech is the word egg ? " Boy (hesitating)-" Noun, sir." Teacher " Is it masculine, feminine, or neuter?" Boy (looking sharp)-" Can't say, sir, till its hatched." Teacher-" Well, then, my lad, you can tell me the case?" Boy (quickly)-" Oh, yes, its the shell, sir." " I shall be at home next Sunday night," the young lady remarked, as she followed her beau to the door, who seemed to be somewhat wavering in his attachment. "So shall I," was the reply. COEARAn ERISTIr INVENTIONS.-A French man gasconading over the inventive genius of his country, said, "we invented ruffles! " "Aye," said John Bull, "and we added shirts to them." TIcE WEDDINGa-RINn.-Mr. Massingberd, in his recent "Lectures on the Prayer-book," thus accounts for the connexion between the wedding-ring and the bride's fourth finger: -According to the old service books the practice was for the man to place the ring first on the tip of the thumb, reckoned as the first finger, saying, "in the name of the Father ;" then on the second finger, saying, " and of the Son; "then on that of the third finger, saying, "and of the Holy Ghost;" and so finally on the fourth with the word "Amen;" and so it reinaineth on the fourth, where it does and will remain on all properly married ladies and thus the custom is ac counted for.-Public Opinion. Why is the letter D like a wedding-ring? Because we cannot be wed without it. The following striking lines form an in scription found at Melrose Abbey: The earth goth oathe earth, gliatering in gold; The earth goes to the earth sooner than it weld; The earth builds on the earth castles and towers; The earth says to the earth-" All shall be ours! " A SERVANT WHO WON'T ALLow IT. An American gentleman tells us a good story of one of his domestics. Having employed a new female servant, he sat down in the parlour, the evening after, to a civil game at whist with his wife and a couple of neigh bours. The next morning " my lady, the help," observed that " card-playing must be put a stop to, or she should be obliged to leave-she did'nt approve of the practice, and never allowed it in families where she lived!" ONE OF THE RIGHT SoRT.-A young lady when told to take exercise for her health, said she would jump at an offer, andrunher own risk. A NIBBLE BAuLR D'n-"Father," said a sporting youth to his revered parent, "they say trout will bite now." " Well, well," was the consoling reply, "mind your work, and then you'll be sure they wont bite you." A SmE-sPLrrTER.-A recent importation from the Emerald Isle, fitting on a pair of Illidge's brogues the other day, quietly ob served-" Sure an' here's a pair 'd jist fit me if I could only get 'em on." CHARATErn.-" My character," said an alderman, who had cleared himself from the charge of bribery, "my character, sir, is like my boot, all the brighter for black ing." IuDnIsosED.-The following reply to that everlasting inquiry, "how do you do?" was made by an original the other day "Rather alin, .thank'ee; I've got the rheumatism in one leg, and a white swellin on t'other knee, besides havin' a little touch of the dysentry-and ain't very well myself neither ! " THE RULTNCe PaBION.-"Ha!" shrieked a gouty sufferer, whose throbbing member had been accidentally trod upon by a sym pathising friend, "that's the wrong way of heeling (healing) the toe." Why is an infant like a diamond. Be cause it is a dear little thing. Why is a hen walking like a conspiracy ? Because it is a foul proceeding. it is not always a mark of kindness to possess an open countenance. An alligator is a deceitful creature, and yet he presents an open countenance, when in the very act of taking you in. AnUsE oP AMUSEMENT.-The habit of dissipating every serious thought by a suc cession of agreeable sensations is as fatal to happiness as virtue; for when amusement is uniformly substituted for objects of moral and mental interest, we lose all that elevates our enjoyments above the scale of childish pleasures. Cox. By A P. 0. Ormax.-Why were there no postage stamps in Henry the Eighth's time? Because a Queen's head wasn't worth a penny. Mrs. Partington says, she did not marry her second husband because she loved the male sex, but just because he was the pize of her first protector, and would wear his old clothes out. Mxnto THE BAIES.-- Patrick Lyon, an Irishman, and Hans Heidelbrooke, a Ger man, and their families, both occupy. one house in Cincinnati. One night the families of both were increased-Pat's wife present ing him with twins, and Hans' presented him with one-all girls. The nurse being de sirous of contemplating the relative beauties of the little cherubs with the hopes of find ing out if there is any difference between a youthful Teuton and a cherub of Erin, got them so hopelessly mixed that it was im possible to distinguish "t'other from which." Here was a terrible state of affairs. But the mother-wit of the Irishwoman solved the difficulty. She was entitled to two of the children anyhow, and two she would take, and if either of them when grown up should talk Dutch, she would repudiate its maternity, and lay claim to the third. The Dutch woman coincided with the idea, and clasped to her bosom the remaining child, resolved to watch for the first intimation of the brogue that might change her parental love to unmitigated disgust. OF COuasE NOT.-The Grand Rapids Egleman says he wouldn't mind the price of wood so much if all his neighbours hadn't taken to the disgusting habit of locking their wood-house doors at night. A certain lord chancellor had begun life as a barber's apprentice. A fop throw this in his teeth. The great man rejoined:-" My lord, there's only this difference between us; if you had once been a barber's apprentice, you'd be one still." MISERABLE PEOPLE.-Young ladies with new bonnets on rainy Sundays, and dresses playing dip, dip, at every step. A witness in a bribery case. A smoking nephew on a visit to an anti-smoking aunt. A young doctor who has just cured his first patient, and has no prospect of another, The following delightful specimen of mixed metaphor is taken from the Washington Star :-" The apple of discord is now fairly in our midst, and if not nipped in the bud it will burst forth in a conflagration which will deluge the sea of politics with an earth quake of heresies." Napoleon was a very awkward dancer. On one occasion he danced with a beautiful countess, who could not conceal her blushes at his riduculous postures. On leading her to her seat he remarked, " the fact is, madam, that my forte lies not so much in dancing myself as in making others dance." Thirty-four newspapers are published in Constantinople; eight of them in Turkish, three in French (including a medical gazette), one in English, five in Greek, nine in Armenian, four in Bulgarian, one in Hebrew, one in Arabic, one in Persian, and one German advertising paper. 