MR. GLADSTONE'S BUDGET. On the 28th April Mr. Gladstone laid before the moribund English Parliament the last Budget which it will have the privilege of passing. In doing so he advertised very appro- priately to the fact that it was the first Par- liament which had lived to pass its full compliment of seven Budgets. The present one was, as Lord Derby said somewhat cynically of the last Queen's Speech, just what might have been expected under the circum- stances. It announced that the increasing trade and prosperity of the country would warrant considerable reductions in taxation. Seeing that only time enough remained for honourable members to set their house in order and give up the ghost, sweeping changes would be out of place. "Let us then," said the persuasive Chancellor "take the burdens that press most closely on the country, and cut them down as far as the surplus will enable us.: With a touch of his alleviating hand on the income-tax and the tea and fire insurance duties he lifts about four millions sterling off the national shoulders, and then, winking tri- umphantly to Mr. Disraeli, gives the House to understand that he is all ready for the hustings. Considering the very popular tendency of this Budget as compared with its predecessors for ten yeara past, one is forced to infer that the eve of a dissolution is not at all a bad time for such financial operations. At home we see Mr. Gladstone, with the fear of the electors immediately before his eyes, taking twopence off the income tax and sixpence a pound off the tea duty, while Lord Palmerston says never a word about his favourite Channel fortifications. Here in South Australia we saw lately a Treasurer of our own, fresh from the hustings, threatening to introduce fiscal changes which the people had said decidedly they would not have, and to impose objectionable new taxes in lieu of popular old ones, because, forsooth, "his character as a bit of a politician was at stake." Circumstances alter cases very much it seems. Had our Colonial Trea- surer been within hail?? of a dissolution, we might have heard less of road taxes and anti-advaloremkm. Had Mr. Gladstone, on the other hand, been producing his first Budget instead of his last, it is just possible that some pressing want of the military or naval service might have taken precedence of the income tax or the tea duty. In this advanced political system of ours, where we have no longer uni- versal suffrage or the ballot to agitate about, we might go a step further, and for the good of mankind endeavour to establish as a prin- ciple that all Budgets be passed within three months previous to a dissolution of Par- liament. Apart from its general advantages the practice might operate as a check upon precocious Treasurers who announced their policy nine months in advance, then when it has hung fire for ever so long have to fire in the air to prevent an explosion. Mr. Glad- stone, it appears, is more liable to err on the opposite side. He keeps his counsel so much to himself, that on the very morning before he delivered his Budeet speach a Tory ??orean assured its readers in the most confident and congratulatory tone that an "important modi- fication was to be made on the malt duties." Instead of that the idea of meddling with these duties was denounced as preposterous and pre- mature. The alteration in the tea duty was a thing that many speculators would have given thousands of pounds to get a hint of a week before t bo rest of the public. But the sixpence reduction fell like a thunder-clap on the whole of them, and how long time was allowed them to prepare for it? About a fortnight. On the 28:h April it was announced that the reduction would commenco in May. Imme diately the importers in all the large towns held meetings to memorial ze for an extension of the time. If they get any it will cortainly not be more than a week or two. We come bow to investigate Mr. Gladstone's figures. The revenue for the year ending 31st March, 1865, had been estimated at £67,128,000, the amount actually realised was £70,313,000; increase, or as it is technically terued, ' recovery,' £3,185,000. Theexpen diture had been estimated at £66,890,000 ; actual expenditure, £66,462,000; iavinp, £428,0C0. The close approximation of the latter two items indicates the perfection to which English finance has been carried by men of Mr. Gladstone's stamp. Continental Budgets, though presenting almost the same form and arrangement as the English model are generally a mere conglomeration of guesses. In Franco especially the con forming of .the national expenditure to a standard fixed beforehand and sanctioned by the Legislature is deemed entirely theoretic. M. Fould attempts it from year to year as a matter of form, but to cover contingencies he is allowed to resort to Supplementary Budgets, as they are called, and even then he only gets through by transferring items from one depart ment to another, and at the last extremity allowing deficiencies to accumulate till they can be carried forward to tbe succeeding year. The difference between the actual revenue and expenditure was £3,851,CO0, or deducting the annual quota towards Lord P^manitnn'* fortifications £3,231,000. This surplus has to be consigned of course to the Dead Sea of tho National Debt. Though in iteelf a com paratively small drop, and its predecessors etill smaller, their united weight has already begun to tell on the eight hundred odd mil lions of John Bull's indebtedness. Within the past six years upwerds of seventeen and a half millions of a reduction has been effected, leaving tbe grand total on the 28th April, 1865, at £808,288,000. In one sense this is ? very gratifying, for it indicates not merely tbe addition of so much money to the productive capital of the nation, but alto an increasing buoyancy in the revenue, which means in creasing prosperity among the people. In another sense it is the opposite of gratifying ; for while the revenue tontinues to enlarge, notwithstanding the reduction of taxation, tbe benefit of such enlargement ia to a great extent' neutralized by a growing expenditure. On one side of tbe shield we see increasing sur pluses ; on the other aide there is a wasteful ness which prevents the surpluses accumu lating half so fast as they ought to do. The buoyancy of the revenue it demonstrated by these facts : Between 1850 and 1852 (the year before the Ewskn war broke out) the annual rate of increase, or the balance of taxes repealed over taxes imposed, was £1,030,000 j between 1852 and 1859 it was £1,240,000, and between 1859 and 1865 it was £780,000 a year. But the expenditure during the same period exhibit* counteracting Variations. . That of the put year was three and a half millions more than the expenditure of 1858-9, and twelve and a half millions more than the current rate pw-, viourto the Buwian war, It was only one and a half millions leu than that of 1859-60, bat six and a half millions less than that of 1860-61, which was the highest ever known in time of peace. With such upbraiding figures before him, no wonder that the most popular Minister in the Cabinet always assumes a melancholy tone when he has to speak of the national expendi ture. If there is any ground of difference between him and his colleague;, especially his pugnacious leader, it muBt be this. And if Richard Cobden, who was so highly and justly eulogised .in the Budget speech, expected one thing more than another froji Mr. Gladstone's growing influence it was a return to the economical habits of tbe early days of the Reformed Parliament. Cobden'e principal theme before his death was that all had* now been done that could be done for the simplification of the fiscal system, and if Mr. Gladstone wished to distinguish himself further he muBt see to the reduction of expenditure. Though nothing of importance has as yet been done in that direc tion, it is satisfactory to find that since 1861 the tendency has been right. In laying down bis plan for the coming year Mr. Gladstone (imply showed how he intended to relieve the rcvenuo of the four millions which could be dispensed with. The estimated consumption of tea was 92 millions of pounds, which, at sixpence a pound reduc tion, would show £2,300,000. Twopence a pound of tho income tox would be £2,600,000 ; but as the old rates will continuo in force for part of the year the exact loss on theeo two items will be only £3,518,000. The loss on fire insurance and miscellaneous reductions would be £260,000 ; making in all £3,778,000. The total relief to the revenue, however, would be at tho rato of £5,220,00(1 per jcar, or fully three shillings and fourpeucc per head of the population. As to the malt duty, ho held out no hope of its immediate reduction. ' The truth was,' said he, ' that the abolition of tho malt duty would be the death-warrant of all our system of indirect taxation. With malt untaxed it would be impossible to retain the taxes on tea and sugar on the one hand, or wine and spirits on the other.' So ho preferred to give the people sixpence a pound off tbtir congou to humouring tbe oouutry squires in their erratio aspirations after cheap beer. postal service.— we unuerstana tnal tnc Government have received a telegram from the Queensland Government requesting this colony tc join in a postal service by way of Torres Straits. The Albert BELLS.-The Albert Bells Com mittec met on Monday, the 24lh inst, am transacted routine business. The collectors puii in several subscriptions, and the; were requests to wait on the subscribers and get in the balance o subscriptions promised. Australia at the Dunus Exhibition.— The correspondent of the Times says:— 'From the Australian Colonies the collections ore not yet thoroughly arranged, owing to the short notice they received and the great distance they had tc send. South Australia exhibits samples of her fim wheats, for which she carried off so many prize medals in London in 186*2; also a series of water colour drawings of the City of Adelaide and the mining districts. Queensland shows samples ol silk, cotton, woods, and fibres. There iB an inte resting case in this department of colonial wools, in all their stages, with tho manufactured articles made from them, exhibited by Joseph Graven and Co., of Bradford. These thin all-wool fabrics are interesting, as showing the success with which British manufacturers are now able to compete witl; the French in this class of goods, for whicl hitherto they have had the greatest run. Then are Home marvels of skill in fine spinning in thii case.' Victoria Theatre.-' Kathleen Mavourneen' —a sensation drama, bearing an extraordinary family resemblance to the ' Uolleen Bawn' am the 'Feep o' Da}1,' but having a more unexpected denouement than either— was produced on Mondaj evening. Lady Don played Kathleen, introdueinj the Bonus 'Molly ABthore' and 'Cushlt Machree.' She was encored in the first and loudly applauded in each song, and her per- formance throughout was very successful. Mr Macgofran played a very eccentric character, which caused great amusement. He was well supported in his fun by Miss C. Howson, who in- troduced the song "Mother, he's going away," very pleasingly. The piece went off well, and it was succeeded by the burlesque 'Aladdin.' in which Lady Don played the Scamp with the elegant vivacity which characterizes all her as sumptionB in extravaganza. The piece is wel known to Adelaide playgoers ; but thoBe who de sire to see it better played than it has been on anj previous occasion will do well to visit the Theatre before it is withdrawn to make way for novelties that are in preparation. It will be played again this evening, preceded by 'Kathleen Mavour neen.' Ashton'8 Circus.— Although Monday night was cold and stormy, Mr. Ashton and his troupj had a cordial welcome back to Adelaide. The spacious tent was well filled, and the perforraancci went off with great success. Many of the old favourites agaiii made their appearance, and the accession of Monsieur Bird adds very much to the interest of the entertainment. He is a clever horseman, and his performance on the corde volante is something wonderful. Harry Cowle and his tiny 'brother Joe' did their parts, as usual, with great spirit. The former has decidedly improved since he was last in Adelaide, and his jokes aud antics, which never flagged, occa sioned roars of laughter. Mr. Barlow introduced his clever dogs and monkeys, and Mr. Taylor was gentlemanly and polite as ringmaster. The other performers all appeared to do their utmost to show their appreciation of the support they received on their reappearance. Adelaide Football Club.-A correspondent sends us the following :-'The general annual meeting was held yesterday afternoon at tho Gresham Hotel-Mr. T. McEUister in the chair The balance-sheet for last year could not be exa mined, as Mr. J. Coulls, the Secretary for last year, had gone to Melbourne without leaving a state ment how the Club stood. Mr. J. M. Borrow was elected as Hon. Secretary for the ensuing year, being proposed by Mr. J. E. Schlinke and seconded by Mr. J. C. Bray; and the following gentlemen were proposed to form the Standing Committee, viz., Messrs. W. W. Anderson, A, L. Fullarton. Geo. Aldridge, Arthur Malcolm, J. Phillips, and J. M. Borrow (Hon. Sec). It was arranged to play the opening game next Saturday on the North Park Lands with the Modbury and Teatree Gully Clubs at 2 o'clock. The Secretary was instructed to write to Mr. Coulls for a state- ment of last year's accounts. A vote of thanks to the Chairman for the able way in which he fulfilled his duty closed the meeting. Town Hall, Norwood.- We are requested to call attention to an advertisement in our columns relating to an entertainment to be given at the Norwood Town Hall on Monday evening, 31st instant in aid of the funds of St Bartholomew's Church, Norwood. The object and the programme being both good, it is hoped that the funds may be considerably augmented by the sale of tickets. Insolvency Court.- The Insolvent Court did not sit on Monday, but it is hoped that arrange ments will be made to enable it to do so to-day. We are happy to be able to state that His Honor Commissioner Macdonald is sufficiently recovered to resume his duties. Adelaide Police Court.- On Monday the female defendant in a case of provoking language had to pay £2 2s. fine and costs ; and a defendant of the other sex was fined 10s. with costs for an Lintt ITl el V pyliihitJnn nr *\u»Mn»:.t.— *._.! ? * _ Echunoa UOLD.-Mr. Sweetapple, of Echunga, called at our office on Monday with some fine specimens of gold, which had been obtained at the Echunga Diggings. One was a beautiful nugget weighing 16 dwts. The whole quantity .we saw, which, we understand, was the result of little more than a week's labour of several persons, weighed over a pound. ' A ajRBEOTjoN.-Jn the letter of our Kanmantoo correspondent, published on Saturday, a paragraph occurs referring to the removal of a storekeeper which is not correct. 4In the makin/-up of the paper the passage was unfortunately transposed from its proper place, which was in ourMintaro correspondent's letter. The paragraph should ho read, then, in connection with Mintaro and not with Kanmantoo. Wallaboo NEWS.-We take the following from the Wallaroo Tiniet:— 'The hut remaining wood burning furnace at the smelting works has just been converted into a coal-consuming furnace, 24 of which, besides those in the refinery, are now in operation, and turning out huge quantities of copper. One week this month the large quantity of 100 tons was turned out of the refinery, the greatest quantity yet made in the same tune. The ordinary produce is about 80 tons.— The quantities of copper ore exported during the month are U follow :-Karkarilla, 54 tons 5 cwt; Wallaroo, #5 tons; New Cornwall, 47 tons 5 cwt.; Moonta, 517 tons; making a total of 1,068} tons; and of copper from the Wallaroo Smelting Works, 85 tons.' Imported Beep.— The beef imported from Mel bourne per Coorong was sold at the Port on Mon* day by Mr. Charles Jenkins. . The highest price obtained was 45*. per 100 lbs. Part of the con signment was bought in at 42s. 6& per 100 lbs. for : TTupnn^n, . ? . Pkknt -8Avnras BAHX-The receipt* of thlt . . institution last week amounted to £16 12s, 104, - in 165 deposits. Inpayments, £41 15s, ' - . . ThbEev. W. Taylor.— The great 'revivalist,' the Rev. W. Taylor, of California, preached at the Wesleyan Chapel, Pirie-street, on Monday evening, July 24. There was a very large attendance, 'l he rev. gentleman chose as the subject of his dia course the First Epistle of John, 3rd chapter, and a portion of the 14th verse. The audience listened with earnest attention throughout. This evening another sermon will be preached in the same place by the Rev. W. Taylor. New PBnanvE Methodist Chapel.— The foundation-stone of a Primitive Methodist Chapel at North Kensington was laid by Mr. J. £. Moulden on Monday, July 24. In consequence of the threatening aspect of the weather, and several heavy showers having fallen during the afternoon, there was only a thin attendance of spectators. After the singing of a hymn, and prayer having been offered by the Rev. A. Pithouse, Mr. J. E. Moulden performed the ceremony of laying the stone; after which he addressed a few words to those present He remarked that as the weather was so very unpropitious it would not be advisable to speak at any length. They all knew that that edifice was to be erected for the worship of God and the spread of His truth, and he trusted that all those present would see it finished, and be spared to worship there. It was a matter of convenience to have buildings of that kind where soul could meet with soul for the purpose of worshiping God. In the business of the world men required places where their business could be transacted. So it was with Christians ; they required places where they could meet for spiritual comfort He observed that in speaking of their particular Church many of their greatest meetings had been open-air meetings,and from the time of the Israel ites from the tune of Christ such meetings had k always been in accordance with Scripture and with \ the leaching of Christ, whose addresses weie not ' always given in the temple, but chiefly on the mountains, or by the seashore, which shuwed that the custom of the Primitive Methodists was a highly commendable one. He then referred to the privileges they then enjoyed as compared with the state of the Church when it first sprung into existence. After a few further remarks, the Kev. H. Cole gave a short address. He said they could not but be pleased to witness the laying of the foundation-stone of another place of worship in connection with their Church, As had been stated, the greatest triumphs they had experienced as a people had been gained in the open air, and they now reaped the advantages of what these and others had done in that way. It was some satis faction to them that they could now erect houses of prayer without infringing upon the rights of others, and it was their duty to forward their reli giun by all means in their power. Some mightask why they wanted a chapel in that place when there were so many chapels and churches around ; but they must observe that the Primitive Methodists had a work to do of their own, and no one else could do it for them. Their labours were amongst u class of persons which could not be reached so well by other people. Their mode of worship had been objected to by some who had consi dered them an unruly, noisy set of people, and had said less confusion and excitement would be better. With reference to that objection he would say that they could not be otherwise in the Salvation of souls. They could not be too earnest in saving souls from eternal death ; they were perishing around, and they in tended, by the help of God, to Hit up their trumpet and endeavour to bring sinners to God. In erecting that place they had no selfish motives ; in doing so it would be for the benefit of those who would come after them, and they, so far as the work was concerned, were purely disinterested. Might they live t' see that house reared without accident, and might many be there brought to a knowledge of the truth. Offerings were then placed upon the stone, and another hymn having been sung, and prayer and the benediction being ottered by the liev. IL Cole, the ceremony was brought to a conclusion. The chapel will be neat, and un pretending in appearauce, the dimensions being :ttJ ft. by 21 ft. in the clear, and height from floor to ceiling 15 ft., and the estimated cost about £3iO. A public tea and meeting was afterward j held in the Kensington Institute, when about 80 persons sat down to a substantial tea. The evening meeting, at which there was a good attendance, ^r:a presided over by Mr. J. E. Moulden, who, ' alter praise and prayer, opened the meeting by a few appropriate remarks upon the object of the meeting and upon the rapid progress of the Primitive Methodist ChurcL The Kev. H. Cole was then called upon, and addressed the meeting upon the principles' and history of Primitive Methodism, the persecutions they were exposed to and the disadvantages under which they laboured in their efforts to disseminate the truth in the early days of the Church, He also referred to the fact that many had been prejudiced against them of late; but that was now wearing off, and they as a people were being seen in their true light. They had done their work in that part of Gud's vine yard, and their labours had been blessed; and they intended to go on in their work. He stated that the chapel would cost about £85, of which amount they were desirous of raising £\M by the opening of the chapel. They had received several handsome subscriptions; but he would nut enter much into money matters that evening. The Kev. J. Tallack expressed his pleasure at being present that evening, and in an earned address referred to the prosperity anil number of the churches of their body, the principles of their holy religion, ami the privileges they enjoyed. He asked them to help them by every means in their power, and they would be blest. The Kev. A. Pithouse followed and in a humorous speech, abounding in anecdote, interested the meeting for some time. He re marked that by thestep they ha i taken that day they hud acknowledged that there was a God, and he be Ikved that if the members of ihe Church who would meet there would act up to their pnfesiion there would lie many souls born there to the ulory of God. He impressed upon them the duty of exerting their influence for good on those around them. The Kev. T. Jarre tt next spoke, and gave an earnest address-; after which, the usual votes of thank; h.ivin« been cordially carried, the meeting closed with singing unA. prayer. The proceeds of the tea and collection amounted to about £10. Illustrated Paper- The Melbourne Post has. am-ingst other engravings, a spirited sketch by ^alvert of the gorillas at the Museum ; a group, ' by tiie same artist, of the prize jewellery at the Hew Zsalaud Exhibition, sent from Adelaide by Mr. Wendt, of Kundle-strect ; and a South Aus tralian scene. Kangaroo Island, with the sea in the distance. There is also a piece of music, 'The Birthday Schottische,' on the last page. New Victorian Journal.— We have received a copy of the Spectator, a new weekly journal issued in Melbourne. In appearance it resembles its namesake of the Great Babylon— a statement which implies that it is very neatly printed. It takes a decided stand in favour ni free trade, and promises to be a valuable a Iditioa to the political literature of the sister colony. Miscahbiage of Papebs.— The numbers of the Queensland Times July 1 and 4, just received, are marked 'missent to Hobart Town,' which ac counts for their late arrival AN Amphitheatre.— A preliminary meeting, attended by about 60 persons, was held at the Criterion Hotel on Monday, for the purpose of taking into consideration a proposal to establish a theatre for equestrian and dramatic entertain ments. Various schemes were submitted to the meeting, but nothing definite was agreed to, and the meeting adjourned to a future day. Theatrical.— Lyster's Opera Compiny, we see by the Queensland Times of the 11th July, had announced, as a first performance at Ipswich ' The Daughter of the Regiment' Mr. Beaumont favourably known in Adelaide as a fine tenor singer, is referred to as a favourite member of the company. Railways v. Common Roads.— The following view of the comparative merits of railways v. macadamized roads in Victoria is by Mr. T. ♦iuinbotham. Engineer-in-Chief of that colony, and is included in the appendix to a report by a Select Committee of the Legislative Assembly on ihe desirability of constructing a branch Hue from the Eiver Murray to the Ovens District:— 'Comparison of the annual cost to the colony of one mile of railway and one mile of road, on the assumption that money for the conutruc tion of eacn is borrowed at the rate of 5J per Costof onlmile of railway. JEftOOO, at 5J percent, per annum... ... ? £49o 0 Cost of maintaining one mile of radway per annum ? 125 u Total annual cost of railway ...£620 0 Cost of one mile of road, including all bridges, £5.500, at 5* per cent per annum ? ? .,— . ??? , — *U« 10 Cost of maintaining one mile of road per annum ? ? ? *-' ' Total annual cO3t of road ... £542 10 The above comparison shows that, if a railway pays the bare cost of working the traffic (the maintenance of the line is provided for in the comparison), its cost to the colony, per mile per annum, exceeds that of a road by JOT 10s. only ; or, for a line of say one hundred miles (100 m.) long, by £7 750 a year. Against this increased cost to the colony at large is to be placed the great saving that a railway effect* both in time and cost of carriage to the district in which it is made; but if a railway costing £9,000 per mile pays even 1 per cmt. on the outlay after the expenses of working the traffic have been provided for, the annual cost of the railway to the colony is less than the annual cost of the road by £13 10s. per mile, or £1,250 for a line 100 miles long. I have taken 5J per cent, because that is the rate at which the Government borrows at present. If the Government lines now open had been constructed at the rate of £9.000 j} mile, the receipts of 1864- would have left a profit ofjfi V ji Ju of 13 pe.r cent on the outlay, after winking', expenses and maintenance of the lines had been provided for.' The Mont Oenis Tunnel. — The Turin correspondent of iheAvenirHationala&jB; :— 'The Mont Cenis works will probably be completed sooner fhan was hoped; rocks have been reached much softer than those hitherto found, and the progress may be calculated at the rate of 250 metres per month. Should no unforeseen obstacles arise, the tunual might be opened for traffic towards the close of 1868. I can guarantee the accuracy ol these details, which interest the whole world. New Brunswick **& Confederation. \- -The entire vote polled in New Brunswick at the late general election was about 3L.250, Of tftesf nearly 16,000 were against Confederation, an; nearly 15,300 for it. The majority against il among the electors of the whole province is thus only about 700, although the numbers in the House will be pro 13, contra 28, or a majority ol more than two to one against Such are the accidents of party warfare and elections. - Montreal Gazette. JiPNDON JtsBiBOES. — A correspondent of Public Opinion gives the following statistics of city bridges;— London Bridge- 904 feet long, 53 feet 6 inches wide, contains 47.912 square feet, cost £542,150, being at the rate. of £11 6s. per square foot. Bouthwark Bridge-800 feet long, 42 feet 6 inches wide, contains 34,000 square feet, cost £384,088; being at the rate of £11 5s. lOd, per square foot Blackfriais Bridge-length. 995 feet, ..width 42 feet, contains 41,790 rsquare feet: cost fe&40, being at tbo rate of £3 15s, W, pet -faunrefoot, .. 