PRESBYTERIAN UNION. The Union of the Presbyterian Churches in New South Wales— the negotiations for which have for some time past been carried on — was consummated on the 8th instant. Shortly before 11 o'clock a.m., the Synod of Australia in con nection with the Established Church of Scotland, proceeded from St. Andrew's Church, and the General Synod of the Presbyterian Church in New South Wales proceeded from the Free Church, Macquarie-street, and assembled, along with the repreeentativee of the United Presbyterian Church, in the Masonic Hall. There was a very large attendance of the ministers and members of the various branches or the Presbyterian Church, and also several members of other denominations, the hall being crowded. The proceedings were commenced with the singing of the 100th Psalm, after which the Rev. A. C. Geikie engaged in prayer. The Rev. J, McGibbon (clerk of the late Synod of Aus tralia), the Rev. J. Cameron (clerk of the late General Synod of the Presbyterian Church in New South Wales), and Mr. James McNaughton (clerk of the late Session of the United Presbyterian Church, Phillip-street), on being called upon by their respective Moderators— the Rev. Dr. Fullerton, the Rev. A. C. Geikie, and the Rev. A. Thomson— read the final act and declaration of each contracting party with reference to the Union. The Article of Basis of Union were then read by the Clerk of the Conference, all the members standing, and signifying their assent to each article, as read, by holding up their right hands. The Moderators then, on behalf of the several parties, made declarations as follow : — "I, James Fullerton, Moderator of the Synod of Aus tralia in connection with the Established Church of Scot land, do hereby, in terms of the Act and Declaration now read by the Clerk of Synod, declare that the ecclesiastical connection of the said Synod with the Established Church of Scotland, is henceforth dissolved ; and I do now, in terms of the same Act and Declaration, and also in terms of the Articles of the bases of Union just read by the Clerk of Conference, further declare the Union of the said Synod with the General Synod of the Presbyterian Church in New South Wales, and with the Session representing the United Presbyterian Church in Sydney to be now, on the part of this Synod, consummated." The Rev. A. C. Geikie, Moderator of the General Syned, declared that that Synod had no ecclesiastical connection with the Free Church of Scotland; and the Rev. A. Thomson declared that he and his Session and congregation had ceased to be connected with the United Presbyterian Church of Scotland, both Mr. Geikie and Mr. Thomson concluding with a similar declaration, that the Union of the three Churches is now consummated. The Moderators thereupon signed the Articles of Union ; after which they gave each other the right hand of fellowship and also to all the ministers and laymen on the platform. The rolls of members of the late Synods were read by the respective clerks. The Rev. Dr. Fullerton then said it was his duty to propose one of the members of the Synod to preside over its deliberations. He wished to state, in the first place, that he entirely acted in this matter by appointment, and that he expressed the feelings of the Conference, as these were unanimously expressed in their own resolution, at one of their meetings, some months since. At that meeting it was unanimously resolved that the Rev. Adam Thomson should be, asked to preside over the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales. (Cheers.) And while it gave him great pleasure to be the agent or mouthpiece of his brethren in communi cating that decision to those who happened to be absent, he felt a peculiar pleasure personally in being employed to perform the duty. Mr. Thomson came amongst us with hereditary honours, and with some hereditary claims. It was a favourite saying of the biographer of Lord Campbell, "It is a patent of nobility for a man to be born in a manse." But many men had been born in manses, and had inherited patents of nobility who had not used their patents. But his friend Mr. Thomson had not only inherited a patent but had used it so as to promote the glory of God and the happiness of his fellow men. He thought it fortu nate that they were able to find one so venerable in years, so wise from experience, so amiable, and so mild, for he be lieved that no man in the community could make any pos sible objection to the life, the character, or the conversation of Mr. Thomson. It gave him great pleasure to declare to the whole of the colony of New South Wales that after several years acquaintance with Mr. Thomson he felt it a privilege to know him as a man and as a Christian minister, and that he had the highest esteem for him; and it gave him great pleasure to nomi nate Mr. Thomson to the chair of the first General Assem bly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales. He believed that ninety-nine out of every hundred Presbyterians in the colony would be delighted to see Mr. Thomson in the chair. In the negotiations with a view to this Union, Mr. Thomson's labour and drudgery had been very great. Now it was well-acknowledged principle that those who laboured should have their labours acknowledged. He thought, therefore, that even by way of compensation for the labour and anxiety he had gone through, a sense of gratitude should lead all the members of the three bodies to unite in offering the chair to Mr. Thomson. He felt con fident, therefore that they would elect Mr. Thomeon as Moderator with unanimous acclamation, (Cheers.) The Rev. A. C. Geikie said it was his duty to second the motion, and in so doing it was not necessary that he should add anything to the expression of profound respect which he felt for the gentleman whose name had been brought before this Assembly. It would matter little what his (Mr. Geikie'e) opinions respecting Mr. Thomson were, whether good or bad ; but it mattered something that they should (as he hoped they would) unanimously appoint to the Moderstorahip of this first General Assembly one whom he believed they would be pleased and delighted to honour. By doing so, it would go forth to the world as an authoritative act of this united Church that it esteemed that gentleman to be worthy of the first and highest honour that the united Church was capable of conferring upon him. Knowing all Mr. Thom son's many qualifications, he felt that he had a paramount claim, and that there was no man in New South Wales whose claims could for an instant compare with his. (Cheers.) The Rev. R. S. Paterson desired to express his concur rence in the motion that had just been made, as he was not second to any one in his admiration for Mr. Thomson. He loved with all his heart the Church from which Mr. Thom son had come, though he belonged to another Church ; and he also esteemed the memory of Mr. Thomson's worthy father. At the same time he must be permitted for himselfe and in the name of several other ministers, to declare that there were prior claims for the Moderatorship on the part of one whose name should not be passed over to-day without some recognition; be referred to Dr.Lang(hear, hear), who had been more than forty years in this colony, — who had la boured as a minister, and had stood alone before some of us saw the light of day, or before many had our beards grown. The Presbyterian Church in this colony was indebted to Dr. Lang for having been the means of bringing out seme, of its most eminent ministers ; he would name some of them —Dr. Fullerton, Mr. McPhee, Mr. McGibbon, Mr. Aitche son, and, indirectly, he believed, Mr. Rose, of Goulburn. Then, too, Dr. Lang's labours had been superabundant ; he had brought out laymen who had risen to eminence in this and the other colonies. It was true that there had been heartburnings, but we were brethren to-day. He did not like the principle of expediency. He knew that good men deplored that statesmen should act on this principle often, and that by acting on it the evils that they would avoid frequently occurred. He professed to take his principles from the New Testament where he was told to "give honour to whom honour is due ;" and therefore he respected the grey hairs and the long services in this colony of that reverend gentleman. He did not for a moment say that they transgressed by working out their convictions, but he had his convictions on this and on other points. He found it enjoined as a principle in the New Testament, to keep not only from evil but from its appearance; and he maintained that by acting upon ex pediency there was the appearance of evil. He again declared that he had a high esteem for Mr. Thomson, and he had only spoken relatively in the sentiments he had expressed. Having said this, he begged to concur in the motion, and he hoped that the united Church might be harmonious and prosperous. The motion for the appointment of the Rev. A. Thomson as Moderator was then put, and every hand was held up for it. The Moderator elect, accompanied by some of the ministers, then retired to an adjoining room, where he was presented with a gown by several of his friends. Upon returning to the hall he was loudly cheered, all the company standing to receive him. The Moderator then said : Fathers and Brethren, — I have to acknowledge with gratitude the confidence you have reposed in me by electing me as Moderator of the first General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales. I feel deeply my unworthiness of the office and my unfitness for discharging its duties as they ought to be discharged, but I cast myself in my attempt to perform them on the help of the Great King and Head of the Church, and on your kind indulgence and support. The Rev. J. Cameron said it was his duty to propose the appointment of the Assembly Clerk. He need not say that that office was a responsible as well as an onerous one; on the tact, watchfulness, and efficiency of the clerk, no less than on that of the Moderator, would the prompt and satisfactory discharge of the business be found to depend. It was important, therefore, that the gentleman riected to fill that office should possess the necessary qualifications. Amongst the qualifications he would mention first and chiefly, adequate knowledge of ecclesiastical laws, of eccle siastical forms, and of ecclesiastical language. It was im portant also that the clerk should be a man of method and of business habits, of kind and courteous demeanour towards his brethren, and last of all that he should be able to write a legible hand. He knew of no one who possessed there qualifications in a higher degree than the Rev. J. B. Laughton, of Bathurst ; and he had, therefore, much plea sure in moving that Mr. Laughton be the Cleric of this General Assembly. The Rev. J. McGibbon seconded the nomination of Mr. Laughton, which was then put by the Moderator, and was agreed to. The Rev. J. B. Laughton said he felt deeply the kind ness which had prompted the mention of his name in con nection with the office of Clerk of the Assembly. He felt the importance of the labours belonging to that office ; he trusted, however, by the help of God to do what he could in that office for the promotion of His glory and for the good of the Church. As he lived at a distance from Sydney, he would request to accept the office for one year only, in order that he might retire at the end of that period if he should find that its duties interfered with the discharge of his pastoral engagements. The Moderator then formally inquired of Mr. Laughton whether he solemnly promised that, by the help of God, he would faithfully discharge the duties of Clerk of the General Assembly to the utmost of his power ? To which Mr. Laughton answered in the affirmative. The Clerk of the Assembly then announced that in the interval during which the Moderator was absent from the hall, a deputation had waited upon him, and had presented him with a handsome set of robes for the Moderator's office, in commemoration of his appointment as first Moderator of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales. The Moderator said he had to thank the deputation and others who had contributed for their kind and hand some gift. He would only add that it was all the more gratifying to him, because he was not allowed to think of it in the form of a tribute to himself personally, but as showing the interest taken by the contributors in the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales this day formed, an interest which he trusted would daily grow and deepen, and would manifest itself in more important forms. The General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales was then constituted with praise, reading the Scriptures, and prayer. The following verses of the 147th Psalm were sung : — Praise ye the Lord, for it is good Praise to our God to sing For it is pleasant, and to praise It is a comely thing. God doth build up Jerusalem, And He it is alone That the dispersed of Israel Doth gather into one. Those that are broken in their heart And grieved in their minds He healeth, and their painful wounds He tenderly up binds. The 17th Chapter of St. John was read by the Moderator, who afterwards engaged in prayer. The Moderator then delivered the following inaugural address Fathers and Brethren,— The Union to which we have long looked forward, and for which we have laboured and prayed — sometimes amid much difficulty and discourage ment— is now an accomplished fact. The entire Prestfy terianism of the colony, formerly divided into various, and too often opposing, sections, is new, with the exception of a small portion of one of these sections, comprehended with the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales, this day formed. When we look back on the state of things a few years ago, or even recall particular periods in the course of our Union negotiations, the event of this day cannot but fill every one of us with mingled wonder and gratitude. We thankfully own the good hand of our God upon us in the way in which we have been led; and, like the Church of old, when the Lord turned again the captivity of Zion, we unite in the ascription, "The Lord hath done great things for us, whereof we are glad." With gratitude for the past, let us combine hope and prayer for the future, that God, who has helped us hitherto, may be with us still, shedding plentifully on all the office- bearers and members of our United Chureh the grace of His Holy Spirit, that we may rise together to a sense of our high calling, and, letting the past dead bury its dead, may enter, with one heart and with one soul, on a new career of combined and earnest action in the service of our common Lord and Saviour. The union just consummated is in harmony with one of tho most striking characteristics of the age in which we live. Throughout evangelical Christendom there is a marked craving for more of visible unity and enlarged cor porate action. In tracing the causes of this we should need to go back to the first tokens of the daybreak— the first stirrings of an awakening religious life in England, Scot land, and America after that dark night which, with its sleep of death, had settled down on the Church in all lands in the first half of lost century. The immediate effect in deed of that partial awakening was separation and division ; but it was the separation of the living from the dead, and division arising from an earnestness of conviction, which, if it sometimes confounded small things with great; yet implied a homage to truth and duty, contrasting strongly with the religious indifference from which it was the recoil. The life in the new religious communities acting back on what was still left of life in the old, and these several communities acting and reacting on one another, were elements at work tending to bring all back to a better unity than had been lost ; common sympathies were awakened which overleaped sectarian boundaries, while the terrible outbreak of infidelity connected with the first French Revolution helped powerfully to quicken the under lying consciousness of these, and to rouse into some thing like common action the zeal for Christ, as distin guished from zeal for party, which formed the life-blood of all the truly awakened portions of the Church alike. The result was the rise, towards the close of the last century and at the beginning of the present, of those great Missionary and Bible Societies, with their catholic constitution and aims, which may be regarded as the first public expression, in modern times, and the first practical embodiment on a large scale, of the unity of all true Christians. The Evan gelical Alliance, in our own day, is an exhibition in another form of the same glorious unity. Yet these institutions, though of immense value for their immediate objects, and exercising a mighty influence beyond them, were manifestly defective as an exemplification of the oneness of the body of Christ, to which the New Testament gives such prominence. They demonstrated the unity in Christ of individual Chris tians. But it is our Lord's will that His followers should be formed into Churches ; and Churches are not meant to break down the true ideal of Christian catholicity, but to develop and perfect it. The fellowship of a single congre gation of Christians is the rudimental form of Church life ; but such life is capable of indefinite expansion ; and it is just in proportion as it is expanded, that the visible Church, as such, approaches the unity which the Lord de signed by it. The craving for unity which characterises the present time is happily the unity not simply of indi vidual Christians, but that which arises out of it, and bespeaks a higher stage of development — the unity of Christians as already associated in Church fellowship. Even those religious bodies, whose theory of Church order would isolate individual Christian congregations, show a growing dissatisfaction— practically at least— with such isolation, a consciousness of its unnaturalness, and of the weakness arising out of it; and we see a recourse to various expedients on the part of our brethren in those bodies for securing a combined testimony to the world, and something like continued Church organisation and action. Our Episcopalian brethren, on the other hand, are seeking after a Church unity, for which mere Episcopal government— and still less such government fettered and paralysed, as in England, by a superadded apparatus of State arrangements, — is found to furnish no adequate organisation. We cannot but rejoice in the modification which Episcopacy is undergoing in our own colony, in the rise of diocesan Synods, with lay as well as clerical representatives; the change being evidently in the right direction, and fitted to extend the liberties, to develops the resources, to promote the efficiency, as well as to cement the unity of that most important and influential portion of the Church of Christ in this land. When we look, again, at our own denomination, the endeavours after greater ecclesiastical unity are to be witnessed everywhere. There is this peculiarity, however. None of the Presbyterian Churches need to change their existing internal organisation in order to carry out their plans of union. The existing organisation — the organisa tion characteristic of them— furnishes the most appropriate machinery both for bringing about such union, and for securing the harmonious and efficient working of it when attained. This, in no small measure, accounts for the ex- traordinary multiplication in recent times of instances of Presbyterian union, and its no less extraordinary success. The various sections of the vast Presbyterian body in the United States of America, though not yet formally united, are rapidly approaching each other, and their union cannot be long deferred. In the British Empire much in the way of union has been already accomplished. In Scotland it is now nearly half a century since the two bodies of the old secession were united in one Church, which, again, was enlarged, somewhat less than twenty years ago, by a further union, which resulted in what is now the United Presby terian Church. Arrangements are in progress, under the meet promising auspices, for a union betwixt that Church and her younger but more powerful sister, the Free Church, and also for the union with both of the Reformed Presbyterian Church. That union, when completed, will comprehend two-thirds of the Presbyterianism of Presbyterian Scotland. The Established Church, indeed, will still remain separate. But let us hope that changes will ensue— the nature of the required changes neither side may yet be agreed about, but it is not to be doubted that, when the excitement of recent controversy shall have passed away, and new light be struck out by the march of events, Christian wisdom and charity will find them out — by, which that venerable Church which is the mother of us all — the Church of Knox, and Melville, and Henderson, and, erewhile, of Erskine, and Gillespie, and Chalmers — will yet, with her daughter Churches given back to her, and stronger and better compacted than in the days of her youth, become again, but in a highly and more glorious sense than ever she has ever been hitherto, the National Church of Scotland. The Presbyterian Church of England, again, is already making overtures, whieh are kindly met, for par ticipation in the anticipated union of the Churches north of the Tweed ; while, across the Channel, two unions, the last of which is more than twenty years old, has resulted in the formation of the Presbyterian Church of Ireland, which comprehends a large— if not the largest— portion of Irish Protestantism. Turning from the mother country to the British colonies, the union of Presbyterian Churches has spread with such rapidity as now to have become all but universal. On the American continent such union has taken place in Canada and Nova Scotia ; and, as regards our own Aus tralasia, in New Zealand, in Tasmania, in Victoria, in Queensland, in South Australia, and now at last in New South Wales. Nor is there any reason why there should not be a confederation of our various Australasian Presbyterian Churches, which might help to still further develop their unity, and, without any infringe ment of their several rights, might economise their re sources and promote their efficiency for common ends. And this idea of confederation might well be carried out amongst all evangelical Presbyterian Churches throughout the world ; — the confederation modified, of course, by distance, but yet retaining enough to identify all the Churches as one in faith, worship, and government, and furnishing facilities for mutual encouragement in the work of our common Lord. Even apart from such confederation, the Presby- . terian Church of New South Wales, this day formed, has become a member, however humble, of the great family of Presbyterian Churches. This is enough to fire us with a holy ambition. Presbyterianism has great traditions. It was the order, as we believe, observed in the Primitive Church. Under the mighty impulse of the Reformation, it was the order, generally followed by the Churches of Europe in proportion as they were left to spontaneous action, and were unconstrained by princes and rulers. It was mainly owing to the intervention of the civil power that its adoption was prevented in some countries, and that it was afterwards crushed out in others. The Reformed Churches of France, of Holland, of Switzerland, and of Scotland, testify to it as a natural and appropriate organ of the reawakened Christian, consciousness; and, although in all there countries, with the noble exception of our fatherland, it has suffered long depression, from which it is only now rising again with a fresh awakening of religious life, and under the shelter of increased civil and religious liberty, it has found compensation in the powerful hold it has token amid the freer institutions of America, where it comprehends within its pale a large proportion of the population, and a still larger proportion of the Christian intelligence and energy of the Commonwealth. Presbyterianism, therefore, — if only Presbyterians are true to the spirit of their system and its traditions— has a glorious future before it, it is rea sonable to believe, in this and the other Australasian colonies. With its steadfast adherence to the great doc trines of the Reformation, as embodied in its venerable standards ; with the provision which it has always been careful to maintain for securing an educated ministry ; with its combination of ruling along with teaching elders in the government of the Church: with the jealousy with which it guards the lights of the Christian people in the election of office-bearers and in general congregational manage ment ; with the checks which it provides against merely local and temporary influences in ecclesiastical discipline and administration, it has advantages, as it seems to us, which do not meet under any other system. God forbid that we should say, "We are the people, and wisdom must die with us." In our system, at least as hitherto wrought, there are many defects of which we are painfully conscious; and, no doubt, there are many others of which we are un conscious. If again, other systems, as compared with our own, have their drawbacks, they have also their excellences, which we will do wall to recognise and copy. Still we have a noble engine with which to work; if we had only wise heads, and strong hands, and loving and earnest hearts to work it. And what a glorious, though arduous, mission lies before us ! There is, first of all, the consolidating of our existing congregations ; the infusion of new life into them ; the development of their resources; the finding work for every one of their members, and the helping of every one at his work; the training of the young ; the arousing of our people to act outwards on the religious indifference and the vice around them ; and the evoking among them of devout interest and active participation in the general schemes and work of the Church. Then, there is the supplying, in connection with other religious bodies, of the as yet scatterred population of our vast Interior with the public ordinances of religion, by which alone we can hope to revive in the older portion of that population religious impressions too often well nigh worn out, and to save the young from growing up in something little short of absolute heathenism. Our Churches at home lavish their thou sands and their tens of thousands annually on missions to heathen lands— all honour to their Christian liberality ! Would that it were multiplied a hundredfold ! It is a noble thing to help in carrying out the great commission—"Go into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature." But would, also, that they only knew, that, in the far stretching wilds of Australia, their are their "brethren, their kinsmen according to the flesh," who are as far from the sound of the gospel as the Hindoo or the Hottentot! The first obli gation in the matter no doubt lies on the Australian Churches, and we must he roused to do our utmost; but until we ere stronger and better organised, our ntmoBt will be too little unless our home Churches furnish us with men for the work, and also help us, in the first instance, in maintaining them. Situated as we are the work which lies to us is great. With all the evangelistic effort demanded of us in the recesses of our own island-continent, we are not at liberty to shut our cars to the call from the adjacent islands of the Pacific "Come over and help us." One of our first duties as a Church will be to organise a mission to the New Hebrides. But all this only shows how momentous are the claims of Australian evangelisation. There young Australian communities, with all the elements of strength belonging to a people chiefly of Anglo-Saxon origin, and inhabiting a territory possessed of almost illimitable natural resources, are destined at no very distant day, to become great nations, exercising a mighty influence on tbe countless islands of Polynesia, on the one hand, and on the larger though less numerous islands and peninsulas stretching on wards towards China and India on the other. That their influence may operate for advancing the highest interests of humanity depends on their being thoroughly leavened at the present stage of their development with the knowledge and in fluence of the Gospel. How arduous then, I repeat, and yet how glorious, fathers and brethren, is the mission which opens on us and how shall we be equipped for it, except by the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left? And how are we to find this equipment, and to use it skilfully, earnestly, and faithfully when found? In no other way then by our United Church in all its parts, be coming more deeply baptized into the spirit of Christ. There is much to cheer us in the union of this day. Former alienations have been in a great measure overcome —former breaches healed — and the divided and dispersed of our denomination are gathered into one. In so far as our union is to be traced to any increase of Christian life among us, and to true Christian zeal and charity, we have cause of thanksgiving to the God of all grace. Yet inferior influences may have mingled to a large extent with those which are higher and purer; and enough of spiritual dead neas, and of its concomitant deadness, still remains, to warn us that we must not count too much on more external union, or on any formal organisation, or system of com bined action, arising out of it. At such a time we need to realise the importance, and — if any real good is to be done— the absolute necessity of a fresh baptism of the Spirit, and of an awakening among us, such as has not yet been wit nessed, of vital Christianity. What is it we expect and desire from our union. Not surely, a high sounding, empty name, or a mere imposing array of ecclesiastial machinery. If it is to be of any value at all, it must be as the manifestation of the powor of Christian love, fusing hitherto discordant materials, and combining them into an instrument of increased Christian efficiency. But where is thin love to come from, and what is to give to it the con sistency and force of united Christian action, except the truth of Christ and Christ himself by his Spirit, shall become in our Church; an ever present power sending the pulsations of true spiritual life from the heart to the very extremities of the body. What need is there for us setting ourselves, and stirring up one another and the people committed to our charge, to take hold with a firm grasp, of the great promise of the dispensation under which we live— the pro mise of the Holy Ghost — and to cry earnestly to God for a renewal of Pentecostal grace, that the gospel may win among us something like Pentecostal triumphs. A revived and earnest church is the want of our times ; a church realising and reflecting the life and love of Christ. Before such a church the protean shapes of a so-called rationalism, which is but another name for a cold and heartless infidelity, would perish. They have no life in them to resist life. They afford play for the lighter speculation of intellect, but they cannot move the depths of man's moral nature, which nothing has ever availed to stir and to sway but the power of a living Christianity. A revived and earnest church too can alone avail to make the various forms of antichristian error stand abashed, and to awe and subdue the world's practical ungodliness. Let us bless God for the tokens on every hand of the Church rising to such life and earnest ness. We recognise it, and rejoice to do so, in the higher tone and the growing activity of the sister churches round us in this land of our adoption. We recognise it in the increased stir of religious life in England. The spirit of the Latimers and Ridleys of the times of the Reformation, of the Owens and Howes of the seventeenth cen tury, of the apostolic Wesley of the eighteenth, and of the Careys and the Marshmans of more recent days, seems to live again, winning the ascend ency despite all opposing forces, in the several religious bodies to which their names have descended as a sacred heritage. In the Presbyterianism of Scotland, throughout its various sections, there is an amount of religious vitality and earnest Christian conviction and action which recalls, if it does not eclipse, the most glorious of Scottish religious memories. The inner mission in Germany is making rapid inroads on the religious indifference of the Fatherland; a profounder and more reverent criticism is nobly grappling with and conquering the neology which would have de spoiled Scripture of its Divine authority, and of all its dis tinguishing and saving truths ; and the doctrine of justifi cation by faith alone promises soon to become, and in a great measure has become already, the same word of power as when it thundered three centuries age from the lips of Luther. In France, the Reformed Church, freed from external oppression, is also fast rising again from its worse internal decline, and only a few months back gave signal manifestation, in connection with the illustrious name of Guizot, of the evangelical zeal by which it begins to be re animated. In Geneva, the modern religious revival, which may be dated from the visit paid to that city some forty years ago by Robert Haldane, advances with growing power and far-spreading influence, and has acquired pro minence throughout Christendom as associated with such names as those of Vinet, and Gaussen, and D'Aubigne— names only less illustrious than those of Calvin, and Farel, and Beza, in the great days of old. It would be difficult to estimate the immense impulse which, during the last few years, has been given to evangelical religion in Italy, and still more difficult to foretell its issues;— the light of a pure Gospel which was never wholly quenched in the valleys of Pied mont when deep midnight lay on all the rest of Europe, now radiating far beyond its old mountain asylum, kindling up with life-giving power in many important and influential centres throughout the dark places of the south, and extend ing its beams even to the dark seat of the papacy itself. Our tidings of the state of religion in the New World, again, have for some years been lost amid the din of the most deso lating of modern ware. But the great religious revival of America some years before no doubt contributed powerful elements for good amid all the violence necessarily attending 80 unparalleled a conflict, and was not without its influence in determining the glorious issue, so far as regards the breaking the bonds of three millions of slaves. Neither can we doubt that the terrible ordeal through which the Ameri can churches have passed will be over-ruled for deepening in them a spirit of religious thoughtfulness, and stirring them to repair the desolations of the sword by more earnest endeavours than before to exemplify and diffuse the blessings of the Gospel of Peace, with the Church in all lands then waking up and putting on new strength in this work of the Lord, as if garding herself for the great final conflict which is to issue in the universal triumph of truth and righteousness — with the manifold companies in the great army of the Captain of Salvation gathering on every side, panting to take posses sion of the world in the name of Messiah the Prince — shall we, fathers and brethren, remain idle spectators? Let us, with all the dew of our youth on us as a Church, take our place, however humble, among the covenanted hosts, everyone of us vowing, in the strength of the grace which is in Christ Jesus, to be faithful unto death. That very vow reminds us that soon we must as individuals, drop our armour ; end the failing strength of some of us gives warning that our time cannot belong. All the more need there is that we quit ourselves, while we may, to fight the good fight of faith, and enlist others to fill with younger hands fits places we leave. Then we shall join that part of the host who have already crossed the flood, greeting the blood-besprinkled hands on the eternal shore, and with them will watch the conflict we have left onward to its glorious close, and take part in raising that shout of jubilee which will fill the universe, loud as the voice of many waters, and as the voice of mighty thunderings,—"Alle luia, for the Lord God omnipotent reigneth." The Rev. Dr. Fullerton then moved the following resolution : — "That the General Assembly as now consti- , tuted express its gratitude to the Great King and Head of the Church for His merciful providence and guidance through all the negotiations for Union, and for for happy consummation of the Union, in answer to the prayers of the people in the formation of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales. The General Assembly further advise that the Articles of the basis of Union be engrossed on its minutes, and signed by all members of this first supreme federation of this Church." When the Synod of Australia was first formed he was one of those who thought that the words "in connection with the Church of Scotland" should not have been used ; but at that time every Scotch man in the colony thought that the Church here could not to be too intimately connected with the Church of Scotland. He, however, told them at the time that he was much afraid that in future times some persons who held strongly the voluntary principle might take offence at that form, and it might thus cause division : but for the sake of peace he joined his brethren. The union that had now been effected must be regarded as having been effected by God's almighly grace. All the formularies of the Church, of Scotland were retained without involving any compro mise of principle on the part of those who might hold peculiar opinions on certain points. The Rev. A. C. Geikie seconded the resolution. He felt that it was God who had brought about this union, but still it required great watchfulness to realise this fact where all of us had been more or less active in the cause. One effect of the Union would be, that we should be able to carry out discipline in the Presbyterian Church, which it was quite Impossible to do while there were two or three antagonistic Presbyterianisms. Another effect would be, the prevention of a great deal of irregularity. For ex ample, it was of the utmost importance that the Presby terian Church should do what it could to have intelligent, and pious, and reputable men preaching the Gospel in its pulpits. Perhaps this was one of the fundamentals of the prosperity of any section of the Church of God. We might hope too before long to be able to do something is the way of educating a native ministry. There must also, if our Church was to prosper, be an increased activity and a more perfect organisation. It had often struck him that there were some Presbyterian congregations that were to a large extent most distressingly apathetic ; congregations that had no kirk sessions, no sacraments, no organisa tion; the people paying their little trifle at certain times, and taking no living interest in Church matters. Unless our people wake up to the sense of unity in their Church life, it was in vain to call them Presbyterians; they were not Presbyterians but Independents, and Independents of the worst possible description. Having to-day succeeded in the good providence of God in efforts that had been put forward for many years, we should remember that there was now only one Presbyterian Church in this colony. We must be jealous for our unity in this assembly. The past history of this colony was not, to his mind, a very pleasant chapter in Presbyterian ecclesiastical story. We are all frail creatures, and we have all our own tempers, and passions, and ambitions, and vanities ; and when we are disappointed in our desires, or become exasperated because we cannot carry our point, then we cry out about principle and consistency. He felt it to be the duty of every conservative-minded men in this assembled to lift up a solemn and perpetual protest against the tendency to divisions in the Presbyterian Church. If there be a rock on which our Church was in danger of running, it was that unhappy tendency. He did trust that by means of kindness of charity, of perpetual striving for Christ's glory, and for the redemption of souls from hell, we should be enabled by God's providence to go on as a United Presbyterian Church. The Moderator put the resolution to the meeting, and it was agreed to. The Clerk of the Assembly then read the roll, and it was signed in order by the members. Letters were read from the Rev. S. F. McKensie, of West Maitland, and from his church, desiring to join the Presby terian Church of New South Wales. The application was agreed to ; and the Moderator gave Mr. McKenzie the right hand of fellowship as a minister of the Church. The meeting concluded with the doxology and the benediction. In the evening a public meeting was held in the Scots Church, Church-hill. The body of the edifice was densely filled, and the galleries contained a large number of hearers. The Rev. Adam Thomson, the newly chosen Moderator presided, and on the platform there was a numerous body of clergy and dis tinguished lay members of the Church. The meeting was opened with prayer by the Rev. James Cameron, of Richmond. After a few remarks from the rev. chairmen, the Rev. W. Purves, of Maitland, in an eloquent speech proposed the following resolu tion. "That this meeting rejoices in the consummation of the union of the Presbyterian Churches in New Soulb Wales on principles which preserve the historic standards of the Presby terian Church, and which embrace its various sections." The resolution having been seconded by the Hon. J. Macfarlane, M.D., was unanimously agreed to. The meeting was afterwards addressed by the Rev. J. B. Laughton, of Bathurst, Professor Smith, M.D., the Rev. Dr. Steel, Mr. J. Richardson, Rev. J. Dougall, Mr. D. L. Waugh, Rev. J. McGibbon, and the Rev, J. Kinross. 