XI.-FRIENDLY SOCIETIES. ODDFELLOWSHIP. QUARTERLY DISTRICT COMMTITEE. I.O.O.F. M.U. The quarterly District Committee of the Independent Order of Oddfellows' Friendly Society, in connevtion with the Manchester Unity, was held at the Hope Lodge-room Norfolk Arms, Handle-street, on Tuesday July 18, 1865. at Tuesday. July is, 1865, 100'clooka.m. There were present O.M. Litngow, D.G.M. Mathews, C.S, Leaver, and tbe following delegates :— Adelaide Lodge—P.G. Cbapman. P.G. Hoodie, P.G. Edgar. Hope Lodge—P.G. Austin, P.G. Groser, P.G. Anderson. Victoria Lodge—P.G. Todd. P.G. Qnlnn, P.G. P. Baines. Albion Lodge—P.G. Sketbeway. P.G-. Roberts. P.G. Beyer Start Lodge —P.G. Fabian. P.G. Riohardson. Albert Lodge—P.G. Derenish, P.G.Goss. P.G. Newman. Flinders Lodge—P.G. Cur. Hindmarsh Lodge—P.G. Vardon. P.G. Hartenorne. P.G. T. Saonders. Sir John Franldin Lolee— P.G. Day. P<J. Greanooffh. Norwood Lodge—P.G. Phil lips, P.S. Armitase. PeninBnla Lodge —P.G. Sharpe. Newton Lodge—P.G. Grivell. P.G. Farmer. MacDonnell Lodge- P. P.G. SI. Nfnnes. P.G. Sabiston. Higheroonabe Lodffe—P.G. Cooke, P.G. Haines. P.G. Beotman. Gnme racha Lodge -N.G. Esndell. Temple of Peace Lodge—P.G. Meatday. Hitcham Loige-N.G. Willbonrne. Gawier Lodge-PG. Lane. Robe Lodge—P.G. Ekerg. tloont Gambler Lodge—P.P.G. M. Wills Magill Lodge—P.G. Claxtoo. Mount Pleasant Lodge—P.G. Boahill. BALANCE SDBET. The baUnoe-sheet was read, which showed the fnnds to be as follows:—Widow and Orphan Fond. £3.391 ias. id.; Special Widow and Orpbau Fund, £*0715?. 3d.; Dutrict Pond, £9* 16a. 2M.; making a total worth of funds of the district £9,19? 3a. eld., which it invested as follows: -Loans oa mortgage,£7,92o; cuL in Bank, £1,186 (95.; in handsot Treasurer. £13 9s. Oji.; doe by Funeral Fund, £73 168. ?d- ACDITOBS' BEPORT. The Auditors' report was read as tollows :— •• To the G.M., D.G.H., and Delegates assembled. '•Gentlemen and Brothers—We hare pleasure in reporting that we bare carefully examined the books and vouchers fur the past quarter, and bare lunnd them correct. " In going throngb the returns we find that the follow ing Lodges bave overpaid :—Penfield, Bs,; Mount Gambler £3 llg.; and Port HacDonnell. 2s ; and the folio wins have notsent sufficient cash:—Noarlunga, 48.; Clare, 23.; HagiU, £l 6s. ed.; and Auburn, 4s. on the March returns. In con nection with the returns we must again call the attention of the Lodges to the necessity of using the new return eheets, also to request that all accounts for goods or fines be sent in with the returns, otherwise the Auditors have no means of checking: such payments. •• The baUnoes!tothedlfferaitfundsare-totlie Widow and Orphan Fund, £8.231 12s. id , Special Widow and Orphan Fund,£Bo7 isa. 3d.; and District Fund, £94 169. 2jd. The Funeral Fund is in debt £73 iss. 6i It;will be in the reool ; lection of the Officers and Delegates that at the last quarter 1 your Auditors recommended no levy for th* Funeral Fund, ; being of opinion that the amount then in band—more than I £100 orer the average of the two prertous quarters—would hare been sufficient, but the quarter juat passed has been I extraordinarily heavy, there having been 16 deaths of man | bers, and 12 of members' wires. Under these circumstances your Auditors must recommend that the Uriel for tha next : quarter be U. to the Widow and Orphan Fund, 18. to the Funeral Fund, and 6d. to the District Fund. " Your Anditors would beg to ad vise the Delegates to re quest their Lodges to consider tne propriety of keeping the whole of the interest to the several Funds from which the money is lent. It beingtheir opinion that the interest to be obtained from the Special Widow and Orphan Fund should now be sufficient to meet all requirements from that Fond. " We have also examined the stock on hand, and the goods account, and find the stock to be worth £51 le. 9d., and the amount owing: by Lodges £147 2s. lOid. ?? We hare gone through (he deeds and find them Ml cor rect We are pleased to find that the Secretary to Trustees is compiling a complete schedule of the deeds, wbioh will be of great service whenever any reference to tne deeds is requisite. '? With regard to the item of £5 16s. 6d. in the April balance-Bbeet, which your Auditors were instructed to bring up a special report thereon, we beg to state that the discre pancy arose from the Secretary placing £5 to the credit of for interest, instead of retaining it for the expenses in connection with that mortgage; the amount has einee been paid, and the accounts made np satisfactorily. " We remain. Gentlemen and Brothers, " Yours fraternally. •• W. Ninnes. ) " W. Deabman, i Auditors." ?'J. B. HOWB, j TRUSTEES' REPORT. The Trustees' report was lead as follows :— " To the Delegates at the July Committee. "Gentlemen and Brothers—The amount at present lent on mortgage is £7.420 (exclusive of Milne's £450), including £650 in the solicitors' hands pending the completion of a mortgage. '?The arrears of Interest are a little heavier than last quarter, but the Secretary has written pressing a settlement with the more ijiportant, and the amount we hare little doubt will be speedily reduced. The number of parties in arrear is the same as last quarter. " We remain. Gentlemen and Brothers, " Yonra fraternally, " William Bondef, Chairman. "J. H. Shebkiko, 1 " David Lithqow, / "Alex. f. Hoodie, I t _..~. •> "Chas. Everett, > Trustees. "W.J.Cox, \ ?* H. L HURST, J It was resolved that the balance-sheet, and Auditors' and Trustees' report be received, adopted, and entered on the minutes. Some discussion took place on the propriety of leaving money In; the hands or the solicitor, when it was resolved that the I'rusUea be requested not to place moneys in the hands of the solicitor until the mortgage was completed. FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE ORDER. The G.M: read tbt following report from the Committee appointed at the January Committee to consider the finan cial position of the Order, as follows :— "District Board-Boom. July 17,18G5. "To the Delegates assembled. "Your Committee appointed at the January District Meeting, to examine the financial position of the Order. bags to report that in consequence of eleven Lodges neglect ing to fIU up and tend is the printed farm to thsC.S.,Tt has been unable to bring before you. any definite statement. Your Committee suggests that a resolution be passed inflicting a fine of £l Is. upon tbose Lodges who may neglect to Bend in within one month from the present data . " Your Committee hopes to be enabled to lay before you at the October meeting a detailed scheme, which will have to be considered as a notice of motion, the same to be cir culated in the quarterly reports, to enable Lodges to fairly discuss the question prior to its being finally decided at the annual meeting in January next "D. Lttrgow, Chairman." Resolved, that the report Im received and adopted. NEW LODGES. The G.M. reported the opening of a new Lodge in the township ot Kincraig. Mosquito Plains, which he said would be of great benefit to the Order. DISTRESSED BROTHER. The G.M. reported that in accordance with the 13th reso lution of the last District Committee, the District Officers banded orer the £5, voted to the brother of the ataoelesfield Lodge, whom they found in great distress. DISTRICT GOODS. The C.S. reported that be had received from England during the past week 338 scarfs and he also read an account from C.S. Ratdiffe respecting the same. APPEALS. A Brother of the Bighercombe Lodge appealed against the decison of the Lodge in refusing to pay his doctor's bill, the Lodge Surgeon baring neglected to attend to him during his illness, and be was obliged to call in another sur geon. The case was referred to a Sub-committee, who decided that the Highercombe Lodge was responsible for the amount of the doctor's bill (£l7 16s. 6d.j, bnt they thought the Lodge had a claim against the Lodge Surgeon for the amount. A Brother of the Mount Pleasant Lodge appealei against that Lodge in baring fined hi a 10s. 6d. for laying a charge against the Lodge Surgeon for neglect of duty. It was decided that the Lidge had acted wrongfully in fining the Brother, and that the fine be rescinded, and the Lodge Surgeon be fined £1, in accordance with the By-law of the Lodge. A Brother of the Port Lincoln Lodge appealed against the Lodge suspending him. It was decided that the decision of the Lsdga be reversed, and that the Brother be reinstated. APPEALS AGAINST TIKES. The following Lodges appealed against fines imposed for not complying with the loth District Liw:—Albion, Norwood, Willunga, Port Lincoln, HacDonnell, Auburn, and Angas Lodges. The fines against the Albion. Norwood, WlHunga, and Port Lincoln Lodges were rescinded, and the fines against the HacDonnell, Auburn, and Angas Lodges were confirmed. The Newton Lodge appealed against a fine imposed upon them by the Wallaroo Lodge, for sending postage stamps instead of money. Fine rescinded. EXPULSIONS. The C.S. read a notice of expulsion of a brother of the Adelaide Lodge for felony ; also one from the Kadlna Lodge, of the expulsion of a brother for violating th? ll?th and tilth General Laws. port nnmDATiov. The Delegate of the Victoria Lodge, pursuant to notice, moved — "That the District Committee be Bolicited to allow this Lodge to petition the several Lodges in connection with the Manchester Unity throughout the colony to contribute for the relief oi .the sufferers, who belong to this partioular Order, through the late inundation at the Port; the money to be distributed by the officers of the Lodge." Not entertained. The Delegates of the HacDonnell Lodge moved— " That the sum of £20 be given from tha Special Widow and Orphan Fund towards the Port Inundation Fund.'' Not entertained. ODDFELLOWS' BALL. The Delegates of the HacDonnell Lodge, pursuant to notice, moved — "That the next Diettiot Committee be requested to con sider the propriety of erecting an Oddfellows' Hall in Ade laide, in connection with the Manchester Unity." Not entertained. BROTHERS STRUCK OFF. TheDdegates of the HacDonnell Lodge moved— "That the names of all brothers struck off the books of their Lodge, for owing more than twelve months' contribu tions be printed and circulated in the quarterly reports. Not entertained. Lodge Business, adelaide lodge. This Lodge applied for assistance lor tbe wife of a brother in distress. Her husband bad been absent from the colony for six years, and she had been paying his contributions during that period. The Lodge gave her £3. A sum of £3 was granted. HOPE LODGE. Toll Lodge applied for a supplementary gift of £5 for a brother in distress through illness. Granted. The Delegate of the same Lodge moved, that a Sub- Committee of fire be appointed to investigate the disputed accounts between Lodges in this District and the Victorian Districts. The motion was carried, and the following delegates were elected a Sub-Committee:-P.P.G.M. Ninnis, P.G. Claxton, P.G. Vardon, P.G. Sketheway. and P.<j. Beyer. To report next meeting. VICTORIA LODGE. This Lodge applied for permission to readmit a Brother who bad been struck off through arrears. Not entertained, the Lodge not having complied with tbe 124th General Law. ALBION LODGE. This Lodge oomplained that the New Melrose Lodge had stopped the sick-pay from a Brother of that Lodge, who was in the Adelaide Lodge. Resolved, that the C.S. write to the New Melrose Lodge informing them that they must pay all the sick-pay to the Brother. ___. _ ALBERT LODGE. This Lodge applied for assistance for a Brother in dis tress through a protraoted Illness. The Lodge care him £2. A earn of £s was granted. _ NORWOOD LODGE. This Lodge applied for assistance for the children of a deceased brother. Inthisoa<e the mother of the children (two girls, aged eight and six years respectively) is an inmate of the Luuatia Asylum, and tbe children were under tbe charge of a brother in Kensington. Resolved, that the District Onlcers be empowered to expend £20 for the maintenance and clothing of the children during the ensuing quarter. _ HACDONNELL LODGE. This Lodge applied tor a supplementary gift of £5 for the widow of a deceased brother in great distress. Granted. BIGHERCOMBE LODGE. This Lodge applied tor assistance for a brother who met with a severe accident, and was in distress in consequence. The Lodge had given him £4. A sum of £4 was granted. GDMERACHA LODGE. This Lodge applied for a supplementary gift of £5 for the widow and family of a deceased brother. Granted. TEMPLE OF PEACE LODGE. This Lodge applied for assistance for the lamily of a deceased brother. The mother was in bad health, and not able to ?n?inh.in her family. A sum of ?10 was placed in the hands of tbe District Officers for their assistance. MOUNT PLEASANT. This Lodge applied for permission to employ a surgeon who had not passed the South Australian Medical Board, there being no other surgeon in the neighborhood. Permission granted. KADINA LODGE This Lodge applied for relief to widows and families of two deceased brothers in distress. The Lodge had sriven them £3 and £5 respectively. fc v Besolred, that both the sums be supplemented. AUDITOR. ?r,F ?- s^?" U* 8 elected Auditor to place of P.P.G.H. .n I qqis, woo retires. The minutes baring been read and confirmed, the Com- HALF-YEAKLY DISTRICT COHHnTEE, A.1.0 OF. „ „ BALANCE-SHEET. which showed the funds of the District to be as tollows : !??? W?? 9S" 1 Pan' l-R*Jelpta and balance last audit. fh? 7 Ift J**- 5 ,????*??. £isa ios.; balance, *Ws*. lfrL Funeral Foua- RMeiptj and baUo.ee last auiic, I have &c.;, H. T. MORRIS, Chief Inspector of Sheep. The Hon. the Commissioner of Crown Lands, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; £420 195.; expenditure, £123; balance. £297 19s. District Fund-Becdpts and balance lastsudit, £225 Us. (^expen diture. £124 64 -, balanoe, £101 ta. sjd ; making a total worth of fun da or the District of £1.304 101 7d., whloh is invested as follows :—Lent on mortgage, £1,050; cash in bank, £232 10s. €d.; cash in hands of Treasurer, £16s. Bd.; doe from District Members' Fund, £28 lls. 4d. AUDITORS' BEPORT. The G.BL read the Auditors' report as follows: — "To the GM., O.G.iL, and Delegates assembled. "Gentlemen and Brothers—Tour And'tors hare to report that they examined the books and accounts of Che District for the half-year just ended, and after comparing them with vouchers produced, bare found them in every particular "The Widow and Orphan Fond shows an increase of £8 165.; Funeral Fund, £20 45.; and District Fund £29 is. id. ; whereas the District Members' Fnna has got ta debted to the District Fund in a further sum of £13iss. *<L, makiDir a total of £20 14s. Bd, due by that fund, leaving an actual increase in the District Fond of £37 6s. 6d- during the "Your Auditors hare to state that the payment of£l2 10s. to acoonnt Hickox from the Widow and Orphan Fund will havetobe sanctioned by yoorGranuttee. that amount having been paid to him in consideration of his withdrawing from the Order. "Concerning: the goods account, we have no weans of checking the same, no stock book being kept in the Order, butwefiave no doubt that the District Officers will give yon what information is required on that point. •• We would suggest that the levies remain the same as "There'bMbeen an application from Mount Gambler to open a Lodge, the Hope Lodge, which we hope wul prove a valuable addition to our Institution. " The following errors we find in the returns received from Lodges—Deficient-Good Samaritan 6d^ and Cornwall 4a. Operpal'd-Blombere2*s.; Port EUiot ?.. and Pioneers' 2a The Pioneers' Lodge has not sent returns or cash for the second quarter. . "Inconclusion, we have great pleasure in commending the books and accounts before us. They have been kept in the usual efficient style by the C.S. We trust and hope that he will long continue his valuable services to the Order. "Wishing the Order general prosperity, *' We remain, yours fraternally, "Adelaide, Jnly 10,1865. Besolved. that the balanee-sbeet and Auditors' report be received, adopted, and entered on the minutes, and a vote of thank* recorded to the Auditors. NEW LODGES. The C S. reported that the District Officers had granted a dispensation to open a new Lodge at Mount Gamtuer, and he believed before lon? Lodges woald be opened at Port Kobe and Port MacDonnelL DISTRICT BEPOBTS. The C.S. reported that In accordance with a resolnUon of last District Committee, tenders were Invited for the Dis trict printing, and the tender of P.G.M. Sherrin? was accepted ; and he would wish to know how many reports of the preeent meeting would be required. Resolved, that 600 reports ot the present Committee be printed. AUDITOR. p.G.il Oaborn was re-elected Auditor for the next 13 months. DISTRICT BANNER. A letter was read from the C.S.. announcing the arrival from England of a large banner suitable for the Order, which was for sale, and stating the pries to be 28 guineas. Some discussion took place as to the advisability of pur chasing the banner, when it was resalved that the Delegates consult their respective Lodges on the subject. DISTRICT OFFICES. A letter was read from the C.S.. stating tbat he conld no longer provide office accommodation for the District goods and Trustees meetings for the present remuneration, viz, Besolved, that the sum of £10 per annum be allowed for rent of District offices, and that the District Officers be empowered to provide a fireproof safe to keep their books and documents in. EXPULSION. A letter was read from the Dnke of Portland Lodge, announcing the expulsion of two brothers from tbat Lodge. TASUSDA LODGE. This Lodge applied for permission to remove their Lodge from the present Lodijeroom to the District schoolroom. Permission granted. DISTRICT BROTHER. A letter was read from Mr. Vardon, Hindmareh, applying lor assistance for a District Brother in great, distress. A sum of £2 was granted. FUNERAL KEGAI.IA. The G.SL stated that some more funeral scarfs would be required for the use of the Lodges, as the present legalia (namely 60 scarf*) was Inadequate. Resolved, that so more scarls be provided at the fame price as the others. PIONEERS' LODGE. A letter was read from the Pioneer*' Lodge complaining tbat the expense of opening the Lodge was exorbitant, and wishing-the District to make some reduction. Resolved, that the C.S. write to the Pioneers' Lodge in forming them that the cost was legitimate. PBTSCESS BOTAI. LODGE. A Delegate of this Lodge read a report of a Committee appointed to investigate the ages of some of the brothers who joined under a wrong age The report stated that come of the brothers who bad joined under a wrong age had paid the difference of the initiation money, and that there were others who were douotfnl of their age, but pro mised to send home for the baptismal certificates if time were allowed them. It was resolved that those brothers who had made them selves correct be entitled to the foil benefits of the Order and that a farther time of six months be allowed to all brothers of the Order who had not complied with the 6th resolution of the Annual District Committee. The same Delegate read a letter from a sick brother of the same Lodge, statin? that the Lodge refused to allow him his sick par. It appeared that this brother was one of the founders of the Princess Royal Lodge, and joined at the age of? years, but through some clerical error the age in the Lodge-book was only 39 years, consequently the Lodge refused to allow him sick pay, as he was supposed to have Joined under age. It was resolved, that the Lodge pay the brother the entire of his sick pay. Besolved, that the thanks of thin meeting be given to the Committee of the Princess Royal Lodge for the manner in which they investigated the ages of brothers. DUKE OF YORK LODGE. This Lodge applied for assistance for the widow and family of a deceased brother. The Lodge had given her £3. and requested the District to supplement that amount. A turn of £3 was granted. PRINCE ALBERT LODGE. The Delegate of this Lodge staled that he had been requested to urge upon the District the necessity of estab lishing a union between, this District and the Districts in the other colonies, in order that brothers going from one colony to another might pay his contributions and receive his sick pay from the nearest Lodge to which he may reside. This was supported by the Delegates of the various Lodges, who said such a course was highly essential. The C.S. stated that if the matter was left in the hands ot the District Officers he would correspond with the Secretary of the Grind Lodge in Melbourne on the subject and report next District meeting. DUKE OP PORTLAND LODGE. This Lodge applied for the Funeral and Widow and Orphan donations of a brother supposed to be drowned at The G. SI- stated that unless the party claiming; the money administered to the estate of the late brother the money could not be paid. HEW I&DGE.; A Delegate of the Cornwall Lodge enquired whether, in tne event of an application being made to open a new Lodge at Moonta. such Lodge could not be opened by tht Past Presidents of the Cornwall Lodge, in order to save the expense of the District Officers going over there. The G.M. stated that if a Lodge was opent-d at Moonta, power would be given the Past Officers of the Cornwall Lodge to open the same. The minutes having been read and confirmed, and the new quarterly pass- word given, the Committee closed. ? XII.—MICELLAOTEOUS. THE WASTE LANDS COMMTTrEE. Tfi? report of this Committee has beea brought up, and forcibly recalls to memory the story of the mountain in labor. It is, indeed, a most lame and impotent conclusion to a most elaborate and (we fear) costly as well as pro tracted enquiry. But it is just what might have beea expected, when a Committee was chosen almost to a man opposed to the object which the mover of the Committee had in view. The Chairman's draft report is said to have been mutilated beyond precedent: its main facts, arguments, and recommendations being wholly cut out, and the merest ghost of the original document retained. We will not, however, go more at length into the question at present, but merely give the following wretched remnant of a report, based upon a mass of evidence far exceeding the usual bulk of our too bulky " minutes." "Tour Committee having examined a large number of witnesses, more or less intimately acquainted with the Crown lands, and the mode ot disposing of them, report as follows :— "L. The fact that the land available for agriculture is limited in extent, has been brought prominently before your Committee. Most of the witnesses examined testify to the fact, that from one-half to three-fifths of the available agricultural land has already been alienated—the quantity sold being about three mUlion acres, and that remaining nnsold being variously estimated at from two to three mil lions of acres. "2.1 be evidence proves that parties frequently combine In order to prevent fair competition at the land sales; bnt it will be seen from the evidenoe why your Committee have been unable to bring the matter home to the parties con cerned. "3 The evidence also shows that individuals, not recog nised land agents, attend the sales for n i other purpose than to secure a bonus, by opposing intending' purchasers. "2. It appears that it ia customary for purchasers to give commissions to more than one land agent on lands pur chased, in order to prevent competition. "6. It appears from the evidence of agriculturists and others that it is desirable in some instances to survey larger sections, in order that those who wish to combine agriculture with grazing may have an. opportunity of doing so. "6. Your Commute therefore recommend— •' First—That the demand should be carefully watched, and the land only offered for sale as required. "Secondly—That the plan for some time adopted of only surveying and selling land within hundreds should be strictly adhered to. "Thirdly—That, In all future surveys of land, a con tinuous line of sections should be reserved adjacent to main roads, in accordance with the plan occasionally adopted of late, for the purpose of enabling persons to bring stock to market. "Fourthly—That, when it is decided to otter lands in any particular district, such a quantity should be offered at one ?ale as will ensure a larger attendance of buyers than would be secured If a small number of sections are offered for sale in different parts of the colony. "C. H. Goode, Chairman. " Committee Boom, July 2t, m?." REPORT OP CHIEF INSPECTOR OP SHEEP. The following is the final report of Mr. H. T. Morris, who has so long and so worthily filled the important position of Chief Inspector of Sheep. It will be seen that Mr. Morris has the gratification of stating that he leaves the whole of the flocks in the colony free from disease:— Adelaide, June 1,1865. Sir—l have the honor to forward, for the information of His Kxcellency the Govemor-in-Chief, my report of the state of the flocks of the colony up to date, being; tha day before the acceptance of my resignation. Having received reports from the Snb-Inspectors, it affords me much pleasure tO?tats that I leave the flocks in a perfectly healthy condition. Of the flock alluded to in my report for the quarter ending March 31st, 1865, as requiring to be dressed, in consequence of a di eased sheep having been discovered in it, sir. inspector Watson reports as follows:—"I bare again carefully inspected flartroqi & Umpher ston's flock, in company with Mr. Wells, and could not detect a spot in them. They have been dressed a third time, and every care and attention has been paid to them. Assuming this flock to he clean—of which T should ?ay* there can be little doubt, from the caxeand ?ttea ' tion paid to them -the whole of our fl tcks are again free of the disease. This announcement, lam eure, will be bb satisfactory to the Government and the squatters as it is gratifying to the Inspectors. That the continued healthy condition of our flicks for the last four or five years has caused them to increase more rapidly, and put an additional value on both our sheep and wjol, there Can be no doubt; and though I claim, some credit for the Inspectors in assisting to bring- about this fortunate result, I am also bound to Bay, and hare much pleasure in doing bo, that the result was much more speedily arrived at through the reaiy and willing co-operation "of the settlers themselves; and now, on leaving office, J beg to be permitted this oppor tunity of tendering them my sincere thanks tor the confidence th y have ever placed in me, and for the great service they have rendered me by their private and official cimmuuicaiions, and by their readiness, at all times, to act upon any advice or suggestions friven- I also bag to take this opportunity of acknowledging the uniform confidence placed iu me by the various Commissioners under whom I have had the honor of serving. From the lime of taking office under the Honorable Charles Ponney, before responsible govern ment, up to the present time, excepting upon trifling matters of detail, I have never been in any way inter fered with in. the conduct of the department. The result, I trust, has shown that confidence was not misplaed. It is now ten years since I was promo'ed to the Chief Inspectorship. At that time the disease existed in nearly every district in the colony. Daring my tenure of office not legs than (500 000) fire hundred thousand sheep have been treated fur the scab disease ; and in no instance have I known it to break oat again spon taneously in any district, though, through ignorant and careless people, it has occasionally been reintroduced into districts free of it for years. • • • 