THE BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. The second annual meeting of the South Australian Baptist Association was held at the Baptist Chapel, Brougham-place on Monday. The proceedings commenced at half-past 2 by devotional exercises and the reading of the Scriptures. The Rev. John Price, of Alberton, was called to the chair. There were present a considerable number of members, including the following ministers :— Revs. D. Badger, Isaac Prior, G. Prince, H. L. Tuck, S. Mead, and R. Parkin. The Rev. Mr. Daniel, of Clarendon, would have been present but for another meeting; and the Rev. J. Hannay was expected to be present, but was prevented by a missionary meeting at Kapunda the same evening. The Rev. S. Mead, in the temporary absence of his fellow-Secretary, Mr. C.H. Goode, read the report for the year as follows :— 'It is with much grateful satisfaction that the Committee submit for approval to the members of the Association this the second annual report. The period herein embraced scarcely equals 11 months, the annual meeting being now held earlier in ac- cordance with a wish generally expressed at last annual meeting. It was not thought desirable to hold a half-yearly meeting this year. 'The various stations which have been supplied more or less directly through the Association during the past year have been generally well attended. Comparatively few failures in sustaining the preaching have occurred. These stations are under much obligations to the brethren who supply them; nevertheless it is a matter for regret that in some instances much reluctance is manifested by those best qualified to supply. Since it is im- possible to overtake the necessities of the country districts without lay agency, it is hoped that the lay brethren themselves who are qualified for the work will not shrink from the sacrifices involved. 'Some places require particular notice. ' Lyndoch Valley and Sandy Creek.— These stations have continued to be supplied much upon the same principle as during the year preceding this. It is an important and in some respects an inviting field of labour. An energetic and settled minister is much wanted there. Steps will soon need to be taken to supply this want. Congregations very good. 'Magill. — It is with satisfaction that the Com- mittee have witnessed during the year the settle- ment of Rev. R. Parkin in the pastorate of the Magill Church, and with still greater satisfaction have heard of the Divine blessing given so that a considerable number have been added to the Church. Mr. Parkin was sustained on (or by) the funds of the Association up to April 30th. ' Morphett Vale.—- Application having been made by the Church hitherto a Congregational Church to become identified with the Association, the printed form which is usually forwarded to and filled up by all Churches seeking pecuniary help from the Association was sent to the deacons of this Church. The information thus supplied being to the satisfaction of the Committee, pecu- niary assistance was rendered to the Church, as a Baptist Church, having become so by its own decision in the exercise of the rights necessarily inherent in an independent Church. ' Very sincerely do the Committee rejoice also in the presence amongst us of the Rev. John Price, now pastor of the Alberton Church. The spirit of co-operation displayed by our brother in all asso- ciational work has afforded the Committee great gratification. It may interest members of the Association to know that Mr. Price has kindly undertaken the joint superintendence of Mr. Hone's studies. The Committee feel sure that the members of the Association will, with them, pray that the Divine blessing may rest on Mr. Price in his new sphere of labour. ' At the earnest request of Mr. Hone to have his term of study extended over another year, the Committee upon careful consideration consented and approved of it. The subjects now being specially studied are much the same as before, only that they are carried further. Messrs. Parkin and Hone underwent a written examination after the expiratbn of their first year of study. The examiners who kindly undertook this work, and to whom our thanks are due, embraced an Episco- palian minister, also a Presbyterian, a Congrega- tional, and a Baptist minister. Their reports were favourable, although pointing out some minor defects. Some of the examiners spoke in high terms sf satisfaction with the thorough acquaint- tance displayed by the students as to the subjects they were examined in. The opinion of the Committee, founded upon the reports of the several examiners, is expressed in their minutes as follows : — 'The Committee hereby express their full satis- faction with the testimony borne by the respective examiners, and would thus acknowledge their in- debtedness to those gentlemen who have kindly undertaken the work of examination.' ' One of the most interesting circumstances of the year to us denominationally is the sending for three additional Baptist Ministers. Although the suggestion which led to this emanated in two out of the three instances from the Committee, yet , the whole responsibility of the matter on this side is clearly understood to rest upon the re- spective Churches, viz., Moonta, Kapunda, and Mount Gambier. A sum, deemed to be sufficient for passage-money, has been sent to England. A fair stipend has been guaranteed for one year. Towards the passage-money the Committee have rendered material aid; and towards the stipends they have promised very considerable help. The choice of the three ministers is left wholly in the hands of Revs. W. Brock and W. Landells, of London. This is felt to be a very important trust committed to them, and it should be a matter of earnest prayer with us that God will graciously direct good and useful ministers to come hither to help us. The respective Churches for whom these ministers have been asked need our sympathy and prayers in this juncture in which they are so anxiously concerned. 'At Moonta there is a fine field for labour open. A new Baptist Chapel is about to be commenced there, and signs of God's approval and smile are not wanting. At Kapunda a Church has very recently been organized amid very encouraging prospects of success. Services have been con- ducted here by Revs. J. Hannay, J. Price, D. Badger, and others. At Mount Gambier there is much need of an energetic minister to labour in this important sphere. The Committee reflect with much satisfaction upon the steps thus taken to increase the number of ministers amongst us, at the same time fully realizing the responsibility of the undertaking. They hope that, if permitted to welcome the three ministers during the coming year, the realization of our hopes may remain unalloyed with any measure of regret. 'One thing more remains to be noticed. In accordance with the constitution adopted at last annual meeting, all the Baptist Churches have been asked to consider the question of joining the Association as Churches. The majority have re- turned answers favourable to such collective Church union. ' While not a little has been done, the Com- mittee are not insensible to their own short- comings. Though they have striven to do what they could with the resources at their command, yet they do cot claim to have done all that a bolder faith and a more self- sacrificing zeal might have done. They now resign the trust committed to them, earnestly commending the Association with its varied interests to the prayerful sympathy of all the Churches.' Mr. Mead also read, in the absence from the colony of Mr. James Smith, the Treasurer, the balance-sheet for the year. It showed the receipts from various Churches as £137 8s. 11d.; sundry suuscriptions,£l06 16s. 2d.; special contributions to remit to London towards the payment of the pas sage-money of three ministers, £211 12s. making with subscriptions since received, a total of £471 8s. 9d. The expenditure included payment to students, £168 16s. 1d. ; remitted to London for passage-money, £182 2s. ; and it, with various other items; amounted to £417 12s. 8d. ; leaving a balance in hand of £53 16s. 1d. Mr. Barnes, of Magill, moved, and Mr. James Cumming seconded, the adoption of the report and balance-sheet, which was carried unanimously. The Rev. H. L Tuck moved, and Mr. John Darling seconded, 'That the following gentle men constitute the Committee for the following year:—- Revs. J. Price, G. Prince, and S. Mead; Messrs. Barnes, Edwards. Whiting, Neill, James Smith, G. Fowler, J. Holden, C. H. Goode, and W.K.Thomas.' Carried. At a subsequent stage the following names were added: —- James Cum ming, James White, Alex. Murray, and J. Darling. Mr. Mead produced a list of 156 individual mem bers of the Association, which was taken as read. Mr. Mead also read a number of applications from Baptist Churches seeking union with the Association as Churches. They were severally put to the meeting and carried. The following is the list :— Brougham place Clarendon Moonta Lyndoch Valley Alberton Morphett Vale Magill Teatree Gully Flinders-street Uley Mount Gambier Long Island, Murray. Mr. Mead mentioned that one or two Churches preferred to remain connected with the Association by its individual members only. In the course of the sitting the statistics of the Churches were brought forward. It was stated that they were as yet in a somewhat incomplete state, but it appeared from them that the total additions during the year of members to the 13 Churches giving returns to the Association were 107; the decrease from various causes was 25. leaving the net increase 82. One Church newly formed, con sisting of 20 members, made the whole net increase 102\. The total membership of the Churches giving returns was as nearly as could be ascertained, 575. The Rev. S. Mead then brought forward the question of the propriety of the Baptist Churches of the colony designating themselves Congre gational Baptists,' and read the following paper;— 'It is not a very novel thing for a body of Christians to adopt an entirely new name, or to greatly modify an existing one. We have lately had an example of this in this colony, in the general adoption of the the 'Presbyterian Church' by the various Churches of the old Scotch Kirk, the Free Kirk, and the United Presbyterians. So as to the name 'Congregational,' as technically applied to the Independents their earlier name. '1. The first reason we advance in favour of the general adoption of the title 'Congregational Baptist' is, that it expresses the truth as to what we are. Our Churches are of course as much and as strictly congregational as any Church are so. The Independents and Baptists stand alone in this, The Presbyterian Churches are not congregational ; neither the Episcopalian, nor the Wesleyan. 'Holding that congregationalism, as a principle, is as much a part of our religious organisation as baptism is, why in a title should the one be ex pressed and the other ignored? Being no more ashamed of Congregationalism than of baptism, why should we not avow it in our designation openly before all! If we are right, as we believe we are, in our congregationalism as well as in our baptism, the more clearly we can show to those outside what we are the better. On this ground we plead for the fuller title 'Congregational Baptist.' ^2. A second reason for its adoption is that it would tend to prevent misconception as to our real principles. It must be borne in mind that the large majority in a colony like this are very ill informed as to the principles held by Baptists. What does the Episcopalian, or the Presbyterian, or the Wesleyan understand of our system of Church order! Then, there is a large class whom we designate as 'the world,' some of whom are constanuy being brought into contact with us, but who know next to nothing as to our Church polity. Further, there is the very important class of the young growing up around us, whom it is important to indoctrinate with right views on this subject. '3. A third reason for the adoption of this title lies in this, that it would tend to bring into greater prominence the one point of difference between us and the Congregationalists. Many, I suspect, imagine that there is more than one point of divergence between the Baptists and Cpngrega tionalists. The adoption by us of the full title would clearly show that there was but one. It may be that thus placing the one point into such dis tinct prominence might help towards the more full understanding of it. The fact undoubtedly is, that as to the two denominations, Baptist and Congregational, in so far, as they differ, the one exists practically for the defence of infant sprinkling; the other exists for the defence of believers' baptism. ' But whilst there are reasons for the adoption of this title there are also some objection to it. ' Objection 1. There is first of all a very natural disinclination to the changing of an old and honourable name. I conceive, however, that the chief force of this objection is taken away by the consideration that in ordinary conversation we shall as much as ever retain the distinctive title 'Baptists.' Chiefly in printing would the diffe rence be observed. I do not see, therefore, that this objection should have much weight. 'Objection 2. Others may object to the title as lengthy and cumbersome. We think the practical answer to this lies in what has just been stated, viz. - —that it would give the printer a slight modicum of more work to do. ' As bearing upon this point I think it impor- tant to remember that in most, if not all, or the trust-deeds of our chapels the word 'Congrega- tional' or ' Independent' is inserted along with the word 'Baptist.' It is known to most of us also that one of the Churches has frequently printed in advertisements the word 'Congregational' along with 'Baptist.' Whether it is best on the whole to adopt the full title 'Congregational Baptist' I must leave it to you to discuss and to decide.' An interesting and animated discussion then took place, in which the Rev. Messrs. Tuck, Prior, Prince, Badger, and Price, with Messrs. Thomas, Cumming, Murray, and Barnes, took part The majority of speakers were against any change. Mr. Mead eventually gave notice of motion for the next meeting on the subject. Mr. C. H. Goode, M.P., read the following paper on 'The Formation of a Baptist Chapel Building Fund.-'— ' Dear Brethren— I have been requested to pre- pare a short paper bearing upon the formation of a fund, to be called, say, 'The Baptist Chapel Dower Building Fund,' to be used for the purpose of aid- ing in the erection of new places of worship in connection with our denomination in those loca- lities where such places of worship are most required. ' I regret that I have not had time to do justice to the subject, or to do more than just to call the attention of our brethren to it in order to induce them to take the matter into their serious consi- deration, and with the hope that those who are able may be led to give their material aid to it, pro- vided that it commends itself to their judgment. Such an Association has long been in existence in our native land, and we find that during the past year there have been 37 new chapels completed and opened in England, containing 19,467 sittings, costing £61,000, or £3 2s. 6d. per sitting, and vhich have, we believe, been greatly aided by the Baptist Building Fund. It is greatly to be re- gretted that the liberal offer made by Sir Morton Peto to contribute was not accepted by the Baptists of London, as by that means a greatly-increased amount of chapel accommodation would have been provided. We may, however, hope that steps s will yet be taken to carry out the proposed plan, and that Sir Morton Peto may be inclined to renew his offer. ' In this colony it has been the case hitherto that the amounts required, over and above the subscriptions raised, have been advanced by private friends of the denomination, foremost amongst whom must be mentioned the Hon. G. F. Angas. 'It has, however, been thought advisable by some that steps should be taken to raise a fund that should be specially available for this purpose; and it is for us as a denomination to consider whether we could advantageously employ in this way some portion of the wealth with which God has blessed us. ' In order that we may arrive at a correct con- clusion, let us consider, in the first place, whether a a necessity exists for such an organization; and, secondly, the advantages that would result from it. ' It has been remarked by some who have visited our colony that this is a land of chapels and churches, and there is no doubt that so far as Adelaide is concerned there is some ground for the remark ; but when we look abroad upon the colony at large, we see that there are many villages and towns springing up where there is no adequate provision made tor supplying the spiritual wants of the community. It is to supply this want that such a fund is chiefly needed. ' At the present time, as will be seen from the report of the Baptist Association, there are three ministers expected to arrive in the colony during the next six or twelve months; and should they succeed in attracting large congregations, a consi- derable outlay will be necessary to provide suitable places of worship in the three important districts for which those brethren are destined. 'It will thus be seen that a necessity exists for some organization to assist those who are less favoured than ourselves with regard to the means of grace, and it now only remains for us to show the advantages that would result therefrom. ' In the event of its being decided upon to erect a chapel in any given locality, supposing the friends in the neighbourhood could, with the assistance of those in town, succeed in raising, say, £300 or £400, the proposed organization might loan to them, say, £200 for two years without interest, which, when repaid, could again be loaned to other infant causes, and which would thus be the means of doing an immense amount of good, by helping to provide the necessary accommodation for the preaching of the Gospel in our towns and villages. ' There can be no question but that it would be a great stimulus to our friends in these districts if they could rely upon a certain amount being loaned to them for two or three years, and it would en- courage them to erect more commodious and better structures than they otherwise would do. ''The duty of thus assisting other and weaker Churches will not require to be dwelt upon, seeing that we are exhorted to ' support the weak, and to remember the words of the Lord Jesus, how He said it is more blessed to give than to receive.' 'In a community that is increasing at the rate ours is, it is very desirable that places of worship should be erected somewhat in advance of the pre- sent requirements ; but frequently, in consequence of the shortness of funds, this cannot be carried out. How desirable is it, then, that assistance should be given in such cases, instead of the :chapels having to be built on a scale that is certain to require alterations and additions within a very short period. 'Our Churches must, to a large extent, be missionary Churches, and they should therefore be assisted and cherished by those which are more favourably situated with regard to means in the same way that missionaries are supported by their Christian brethren. I am firmly persuaded that the establishment of an organization such as that indicated could not but result in the dissemination of our principles and the advancement of the denomination to which we belong. ' In conclusion, I cannot do better than quote from the speech of the Rev. J. C. Marshman, Chair- man at the annual meeting of the Baptist Building Fund, held at the Mission House, Moorgate-street, London, on the 19th April last:— 'All the deno- minations are now in a measure put upon their mettle. They are now called to exercise a spirit of emulation in this sphere of Christian bene- volence ; and although some affirm that as a de- nomination we are the smallest among the sons of Israel. I am sure we shall be found fully equal to the exigencies of the day and to the demands that are made upon us. We must never forget that there is nothing more perilous than a sta- tionary position; for if we do not advance in building churches and chapels we shall go back, and every step of retrogression is, in fact, a step towards extinction.' ' Mr. W. K. Thomas moved that Mr. Goode's paper be remitted to the Committee with a re commendation that they should as early as possible take the matter into their careful consi deration. Rev. G. Prince seconded this, and the motion was carried. The meeting then adjourned till the evening. A public meeting was held in the evening in the Baptist Chapel, Brougham-place, which was well filled. After singing, reading, and prayer, the Rev. George Prince called upon the Rev. J. Price to preside, and deliver the Chairman's annual address. Mr. Price said the request of the Committee that he should give the Chairman's address had been for a week or two a source of great perplexity to him. Had he lived long enough amongst them to have been enabled to speak from personal ex perience and observation there would have been many suitable and important topics; but, as it was, his range was limited. He could not content him self with anything that did not directly bear upon their actual condition and practical movements, and he had to claim their special indulgence as a new comer and totally inexperienced man in these fields of labour if he descended from the judicial and philosophic tone of remark which was expected to characterize the annual address of an associated ecclesiastical assembly. Since his arrival in the colony his first aim had been to look around him and under stand and ascertain his actual position and work. That question, although of a personal character in its application, was possible in a great many instances, and it would embrace a considerable number of persons. A clear view of that matter would prove of advantage to the Churches and ministers generally. He would state as the sub ject of his remarks 'The position and work of a Baptist Minister in South Australia.' The first claim upon a minister would be that of his own Church, and to the advancement of which all his energies should be directed. They should aim at the consolidation and complete efficiency of the Church, and the question was what were the means under God which were to he employed for the promotion of that end! First, the complete efficiency of the public services of the sanctuary as standing foremost. Neglect in any part of ministerial work would be injurious, but neglect in respect to pulpit duties would be ruinous to a Church were intelligence and mental activity characterized the population. The preaching must be of a stamp to command atten tion and secure respect .When it was felt that a minister was not satisfied with a number of nega tions as the stock of his theological furniture, but that he had definite positive convictions upon evangelical doctrine, and when it was seen that he took pains to give his convictions both point and power he won for himself a position of strength. Though he might not win popularity, yet he would lay a foundation deep and strong and safe.and.be the means of attaching to his particular branch of the Church individual believers who would prove a tower of strength. It seemed to him, by a limited acquaintance with the population of the colony, that there was more need for pulpit preparation than in some places. In preaching to a country congregation at home it would be far different to preaching to one out here. They would feel that in the former they had souls to be saved, but it was not always clear that they had minds to be reached; and if an impression was made it had to be done in many cases by sheer force of declama tion and strength of voice. It was no matter of regret that such a class was unrepresented, as poverty and hopeless toil was the source of such torpor, and those evils in this country they were happily free from. But the congregations here were those whose early antecedents had been quickened into thought and activity; therefore, if they got a hold upon their neighbours for their souls good, it must be by commending themselves to their consciences, and in such a way retain their attention and constrain their assent. Simul taneously also with that should they aim at that condition of the Church which the Apostle de scribed as ' the effectual working in the measure of every part. He meant all earnest activity on the part of members in their individual and organized efforts for the good of the Church. There should be a combination of the industrial and administrative element, and a combination of co-operation and subdivision in labour. If that principle was adopted their Churches would be healthy as to their own spirit, and most complete instruments in the hands of God for exercising a beneficial influence upon the neighbourhood in which they exist. The whole of the Church would then be engaged in the common work— all seeking to carry out its different branches— and thus bringing the whole sanctified energies of a body of men to bear upon a field,that was often cultivated by a small number, and there fore productive of but limited results. The Church, when there was efficiency in the pulpit and activity in the Church, was then an instrument, according to the Master's will, and could not fail to prove an element of power and source of influence in the part where it existed. The next sphere of useful ness was 'church extension,' and that meant the endeavour by a minister to establish Churches in accordance with his own views in different parts of the country. It would be quite as well were all the sections of the Church honestly to confess to their desire for the advancement of the denomination to which they belonged. The best basis for Christian union was founded on that. While they loved all who loved the Lord insincerity, they meant to hold by their own religious views, and propagate them to the best of their ability. He would then notice that the condition of the colony presented large fields for Christian enter prise. He did not mean that places of worship were insufficient, if they judged by the number attending the means of grace, as in many cases they were anything but full. But they must not be satisfied with a principle of calculation, and remember that multitudes never entered the House of God. There, then, was the necessity for united effort as aimed at by the "South Australian Baptist Association." Singly but little could be accomplished beyond their own sphere, for after having done their utmost they would have but little to show in the way of Churches established or believers gathered. But unitedly something could be and had been done in that direction. In rising places generally there were some of their brethren who would gladly welcome the commencement of a cause and who would form the nucleus of a Church. They could not or did not wish to start on their own account, and they had seen how when a cause had been started it had grown and expanded, and in a short time had been declared a success. Such was the advantage of their Association, as it provided the appliances for meeting such cases. Their minis terial band was but small, but it was but an im perfect representation of their strength. Their little army was increased by a force which had often proved of essential service, namely, by the evangelizing labours of those who had never been set apart for the ministry. Wales was evangeiized by lay preaching, and in America the same result had been obtained by the same instrumentality, and their hope for the evangelization of South Australia must depend upon the same agency, The next consideration was— To what extent was Christian union open to a Baptist minister in South Australia? He meant their union with other denominations; and it was a question of great interest to any Christian man who had enjoyed unrestricted union and friendship with Christians of various denominations in England. The ten dency in that country for many years had been towards union, especially amongst Dissenters. It was there felt that the principles of each deno lination were not to be ignored or compromised, and that union meant equality and brotherhood, and so long and honourably had the various denominations lived and laboured in their own spheres that to represent their respective names as an odium or a stigma would be considered an attempt fitted more to darker times and less in formed countries. It argued profound ignorance or bigotry on the part of anyone who could speak superciliously of the denomination, which in the metropolis alone numbered in its ranks in the present day, Spurgeon, Brock, Landells, Angas, Hovell, Hinton, and Stanford, besides many in the provinces of equal fame. But he was not quite sure as to the possibility of union here upon a very extensive scale, as there seemed to be a surprise and revulsion whien a Baptist minister sought to explain his principles or promote the interests of his Church. Let them, then, postpone union and prefer work, as work was after all the true cementer of bonds and the true preparation for union. Fellowship in labour would result in fellowship of feeling. In conclusion, let them remember that their projects and institutions did not derive their importance from the scale upon which they at present existed, Colonial communities were the germs of great empires and mighty nations, and their religious in stitutions would prove both the mould and the generating power from which those nations would derive much of their energy and life. That was the day of small things; but let no one despise it. It was the seed of a future forest, the dawn of a coming day. (Applause.) The Rev. D. Badger spoke on 'The desirability of more organized Union amongst the Baptists of South Australia.' It was very generally believed that the Baptist denomination was more dis united than any other of the great sections of the Church of Christ; but he thought if all was said about the want of unity amongst the Bap tists, the question might be easily explained with out making them better or worse than other people. The difference in the opinions of deno minations upon the subject of baptism was such that it necessarily prevented close union amongst them; but they were all believers in the same great truth, and he did not believe any difference would be made by the propagation of their opinions with reference to their becoming heirs of the Kingdom of Heaven. It was their opinion that in South Australia there were many called Baptists who were ripe enough to bear a closer organized union. That being their conviction, he thought some clear and forcible arguments could be used to show the necessity for such union. Their denomination would then present to the eyes of the world and other denominations a more favourable aspect, and it would also act with beneficial influence upon their own hearts and lives in doing Christ's work. Their meeting as ministers to relate their doings, their successes, and also their disappoint ments would encourage them to labour on and would strengthen them in faith. If they had more unity as a denomination they would be able to enter more fully into the work which they had given them to do. As in things of the world men formed themselves into associations for the advancement of their interests, so also in spiritual things, if united, they would be able to accomplish what otherwise it would be impossible to have done alone. As an example let them take the Church of Scotland or their friends the Wesleyans. By their wonderful organization they were able to give the whole strength to the work, and thus carry out their plans with such success as had attended them. He thought they might take a leaf from their book. As a Baptist Association it would be well for them to keep their eyes upon places where a population was springing up, and establish a cause wherever there was opportunity for doing so. Lay preaching had been referred to, and he thought a great deal of that system. With the Wesleyans, again, that was an institution; they had their local preachers, and a vast amount of good was done in conse quence. Their Association would keep before the young men of their Church the work of lay preaching, and having that organization they were likely to have great power and strength in that element Another thing connected with the resolution was, how was the union to be brought about? It was a very easy question how to destroy or disunite a Church: but the other was more difficult of solution. He knew of no better way than by quietly, prayerfully, and in the fear of God going on in the way they had begun. The way to get sympathy was to keep at work. He did not agree with cold, dead Christians; but let them all be up and doing, and the union amongst the Baptists would become a great reality. He hoped by the next annual meeting they would have a Baptist Building Fund. The Rev. H. L. Tuck said he had been asked to ipeak on the topic—' What should be done towards having colonial ministers?' He must say that he very much liked their Chairman's address, and he heartily sympathized with the sentiments therein expressed. He thanked God that they had such a brother amongst them as Mr. Price. He agreed with all the remarks about Christian union. They all had a great work to do— God's work — and let them all be abounding in the work of the Lord. He was sorry to say that his faith in a union with other denomi nations had greatly decreased. They could not harmoniously work together; they must carry out their own convictions, and do what they believed to be right, and he had no doubt whatever as to their views as Baptists being the right ones. Baptism was a holy ordinance, designed by God to be practised by them, and they must observe it, and not act in such a manner as to give others the impression that they thought but little of it them selves. With reference to the question of ministers, they had had some from England; but that plan was expensive, and he did not think they should rely upon such a mode of obtaining ministers. How would it be to have them educated in the colony? They wanted men of faith, full of the Holy Ghost, to work in this land, and if they acted upon our Lord's injunction to pray for labourers he considered they would have them. He hoped before long they would have something specially adapted for that purpose— a Collegiate Institution— for his views were in favour of public education. He had lately thought a good deal about missionary work, and their obligations to God and the claims of the heathen upon them, and he thought it would be a good thing if some of their young men would be found willing to take up a missionary's life. He hoped the Baptist Associa tion would go on and prosper. Mr. C. H. Goode, M.P., next addressed the meeting. He alluded to the necessity for organi zation, and to the principle of the proposed Chapel Building Fund. His idea was to lend out sums of money for two or three years without interest to assist struggling causes till they reached a state of prosperity, when help could be withdrawn and granted somewhere else. He trusted that all were animated by a desire to extend their views as far as possible. The increasing prosperity of the Church was a great cause for thankfulness. Since his return from Europe he had seen two new chapels opened, aud their lay preaching he had found was very much extended, which he con sidered was great credit to Mr. Mead for his exertions in that work. He further remarked upon the duty of actively engaging in the different branches of the work of the Church, and endeavouring to unite as far as possible in one great Church. The Rev. S. Mead, to give an idea of how their Association was worked, would just say that they had 31 names down as those who supplied, and out of that number only eight were engaged, showing that they had thus 23 lay preachers. As to new places taken up, causes had been established at Kapunda and Moonta, where they hoped to do more in a short time than had yet been done, At Mount Gambier there was a large field, but its great distance prevented them doing much there at present. Their income for the year was £450, and they had a balance on the right side of £50. He should like to see the Chapel Fund amount to £5,000 instead of £1,000, as proposed by Mr. Goode. Within the last two or three years their numbers had greatly increased, and the Association now represented 500 or 600 of their Church members. With reference to union, he should have liked to have said something more fully than he was then able to do owing to the late hour. He was in favour of union; none more so. He should like to see an amalgamation of the Con gregational and the Baptist Churches, but there were obstacles in the way which could not be got over. The union might be joined if the Baptists would hold their views lightly; but it was too solemn a thing to trifle with, and they must act up to what they believed to be God's will in the matter. 'The' Rev. L Prior spoke on the principles of baptism and his experience amongst his own con gregation, and also expressed his pleasure at being there that evening. The Rev. George Prince then addressed the meeting, and referred to the efforts that should be made to bring those in our own land holding erroneous opinions with reference to the Gospel to a right knowledge of the truth. The proceedings then closed with the doxology and the benediction. We are requested to call attention to the Sale This Day, at 12 o'clock, by Messrs. Townsend, Botting, & Kay, of Mr. P. S. Dutton's valuable Furniture, Plate, Pianofortes, &c;, &c; The Sale will take place at Mr. Button's residence,. Brougham-place, North Adelaide. 