PROTECTIONIST FREE TRADERS. Sia,-Thi: blunders of protectionists who aril themselves free traders, were it not for their conse quences, would really be amusing. Mr Baird, in lii9 letter ot yesterday, says:-" If our fiscal policy can be so revised as to admit of revenue to the State, and, 6t the e^rae time afford an incidental protec tion to any of our local manufacturers, I do not think the shade of lt-chard Cobden could quarrel with the arrangement. Hichard Cobden never saw in his life-time "a fiscal policy so revised as to afford revenue and incidental protection;" and I venture to think his "shade" would bo astonished as never ghost was before to see it now. Quito as much astonished as he would be with a "fiscal policy revised," so that we could spend a shilling and keep it at the same time, or with an "arrange ment" by which wecauld eat our cake and have it. Mr Cobdc-n would certainly have protested against wasting time and effort in endeavoring to procure such an evident physical impossibility. Has Mr Baini yet to learn that Protection begins only where exclu sion begins, and that where exclusion begins revenue ccases. Let Mr Baird ponder the following o/t quoted paragraph from Mill, and if he remains of opinion that he can have revenue and incidental protection, " that he can eat his cake and have it," be must for the future, on the principle of calling a spade a spade, call himself a protectionist. Of inci dental protection, Mr Mill says-''The doctrine is a palpable inconsistency. The object of the duty as meEns of revenue is inconsistent with its affording, even incidentally, any protection. It can only operate as protection as it prevents importation, and to what ever degree it prevents importation, it affords no revenue." Yours, &a;, ^ . , ANTI-TAEHT. 20ih October. FAK:.II.N'G IN AMEKICA,-Mr G. Coppin writes as follows to the Melbourne Herald :-" Cooper's des criptions of.the vast prairies in the far-West renders the journey to Chicago very interesting, but in the place of the wilderness be describes, you find farina in a high state of cultivation the whole distance; crops locking abundant and healthy; women and children working machines in the fields-the head of the , family probably in the army. No cuttiog doivn timber and expensive clearing, bat planting forests of trees hundreds of milea under culture, dotted by small farm-houses, with large orchards and gardens attached. At convenient distances villages are established, shortly to become citic-s, as depots for produce to send by rail to market. The conversation of the farmers when they meet in the train is very remarkable. They do not talk about the crops, the number of bushels to the acre, the weather, cattle, sheep, or the markets, but the horse-power of a new engine-the capabilities of a- ploughing, sowing, reaping, thrashing, digging, and SO other machints tbey have in use here to economise labor. One farmer told me that after the soil was once broken that he and bis boy, twelve years old, by the aid of machinery, could farm 80 acres of land, with the assistance of two men ten days in the year. It is a mistake, however, to imagine that this country is wholly in the hands of small larmers. The Govern ment is as congenial for land sharks as Australia. Money will exercise its influence all the world; more so in America than any portion I have visited. There are thousands of wealthy persons that own miles of land, and let portions to farming laborers, upon terms usually governed by the quality of the soil. Sometimes the landlord will find seed and pay taxes" (pretty considerable now) nnd take half the proceeds. Inferior land is let for one-third. In many coseB the landlord furnishes horses and machi nery for an extra consideration, and will purchase the produce from his tenants at his own mills, in his o*n village, and, to a certain extent, at his own price. The result, as a rule, is that a hard-working farming man, who thoroughly understands his busi ness, makes excellent wages, and, with luck, shortly becomes his own landlord, whitat tradesmen who Iibor under the delusion that a farm is a certain for tune to any man, generally become embarrassed, and return to the business they were educated for. The land in the states I have visited is nearly all taken up, and speculators will not sell under from 50 to 100 dollars per acre. The rush will now be to the South. Western farmers anticipate an inconvenient emigration. Agricultural laborers receive about 8 or 10 dollars per week, aod their board for a pottioa of the year. During the winter months they are out of employment. The country is opened up by cheap railways, the company receiving a consider able quantity of land on each side from the Govern ment, to encourage and assist the construction of the line. The Pacific Railwav will throw: large tracts of country into the market at 5s per acre, hut the trouble is the expense of getting the produce to a population for consumption. They give you the land cheap, but take it out of you for freight." 