TUE operation of the Masters and Servants' Act has frequently been found to work in- justice in cases where justice is pre- eminently required. Whole classes of hard- working men have been .deprived of. a legal remedy on the strength of a purely techni- cal objection. Coalminers, tor instance, it has boen decided, cannot claim the wages due to thom under this Act. . Although the debt may not be disputed, yet the defendants can soouro a verdict by pointing out the fact that the Act in question does not apply. They are not "masters" within its meaning. Tho consequence of this is, that tho miners, are left with a. perfectly valid claim which they have no means of enforcing; in defiance- of tho excellent maxim "ubi jus, ibi remedium." The "remedium," however, is about to be supplied by tho Legislature, in the shape of a bill in- troduced by Mr. TIGHT-:. We print this measure in our issue of to-day, and com- mend it to notice as a favourable specimen of really useful legislation. It simply provides that any coalminer who has a claim for wages not exceeding £25, may procure a summons against the owner or agent of the colliery, to appear before the nearest petty sessions, and empowers justioes to decide such cases summarily. There will be no room for technical objec- tions under this Act, and no possibility of the ends of justice being defeated by legal quibbles. The minor' will have nothing to do but to provo his olaim. The defendant will not be able to elude it by pleading that he is » " com- pany," a species of dofonoe which is so often found to answer in the present state of the law. He will not be able to frighten his creditor with tho ghost of a bili of costs, or to worry him out of his olaim by legal pro oess of any kind. Such nu Act as this is so simple ana ac the same timo so effectual that wo cannot help feeling1 surprised afc its never haying beóá passed .before. "We insensibly wonder what our legislators haye boen about for "so long átimo that they ehoiild hllow a mattor of this lund to oschpo^hoir notice. Do they, like DICKENS'S bárbor,' draw the lino of their philanthropy at coalheayers ? Some such solution as this is the only one that suggests itself, to tho imagination. It is not long since.we had occasion to point out the in- justice bf tho law as it affected seamen, and wo are glad to say that this injustice has boon done away with at last. But it ro ñocts no , credit on the wisdom of our legislators that tho intorcsts of suoh classes ns those of soamon and coalminers should be so oruolly noglectod as they aro and have boon. They aro of tho last importance to the firogross of tho community, for it is on their abour that wo largely depond for our commercial prospority. What aro wo to Bay of a law which loaves a Beaman at the mercy of his temporary employer in dofiance of all justice ? or of a law which compels a coalminor to forego his hardly earnod wages because his employers happen to oon- j àtituto " t> f 'Í company ?|* í j Inj iisticê r of .this description is the roost odious form of in- justice, beoause.jit falls, upon men -who haye, no means :for procuring redress. ; They must be content to pocket their wrongs in silence. The Aot before us BIIOWS how little is necessary in order to carry out justice between man and man in these cases. AU that is requisite is a little: willingness on ; the : part of our lawgivers to liston to ¿he _ repre- sentations of those who advocate the oause of, tho working classes. It .'is useless to descant upon the relative position of Labour and Capital while the most ordinary rights of r the labouring man are withheld from him.. Such occurrences. as strikes, for in they are undoubtedly great calamities ; but from what source do M.these occurrences spring ? Is it not from the feeling of sore- ness engendered'by the frequent failure of the ' law to hold the scales .evenly between the labourer, and his employer? a failure which presents, itself no doubt in the light of a pre-determined. partiality. Is ifc pos- sible, to explain to the satisfaction of a coalminer ;. the. reason, why the . law. stance, ¡atty to be_ deplored, becauso can give, him-no ^redress when lie seeks the recovery of his wages ? The probability is, that he does not stop to inquire tho reason, but contents himself with reviling tlio injustice which .deprives him of his money. A sense of wrong is thus begotten, and hoing perpetuated' by frequent repetí-, tions of the same cause of. complaint, not unreasonably leads to rebellious action. Tho relations between labour and capital can never be satisfactory so long as there exists a belief that < the law is all on one side; that it provides for the.punishment, of tho labourer who neglects the interests of his employer, without, at the same timo, providing for the due recovery of his claims. In this view-of tho matter, Air. TIGHE'S Act will prove as beneficial to the employer ¡ as to the labourer, since it will remove those grounds of co u plaint which have hitherto caused much bitterness. We do not suppose that it will meet with any opposition from the coalmining companies, as we, should be unwilling to believe that they have any desire to insist upon technicalities for tho purpose of evading debts. Tho law has, up to tho present time, afforded them a means of doing so, arid they have not hesitated to take advantage of it ; but a course of action whioh works so much evident injustice can hardly be more profitable in tho long run than it is creditable in the first instance. 