MRS.LIRRIPER'S LEGACY. (From 'All the Year Round.') ANOTHER PAST LODGER RELATES HIS BxrERIEVCB AS A POOR RELATION. [Continued.] On* morning, when it wanted but a week of the warty, a curious event occurred. The heads of the . Souse met in consultation on the matter, in the library, before breakfast. An extraordinary Thing bad arrived from London at Rutland Hall. The Thing was a large wooden case, directed to Teecie Kay. On being eagerly opened, it was found to con tain a nair of crutches. And such a pair of crutches ! Light and symme trical, and fanciful, works of art in their way. Tor toiseshell stems with silver mountings of exquisite workmanship, capped with dainty little cushions of embroidered velvet. Thunder-stricken were the elders of the house. ' Who could have done this thing?' was on every lip. Who indeed? Who out side of Rutland Hall had ever heard of Teecie Aay ? These crutches were costly affairs. I knew the con clusion they came to, one and all. They pitched on Sir Harry as the culprit. It was a thorn in their side, and I rubbed my hands in glee. Having considered the question in their dismay, they decided that Teecie should be kept in ignorance of her mysterious present. It was not fit for her to use, it would fill her mind with absurd ideas. And so in spite of the arrival of her beautiful new cratches, poor Teecie still sat helpless in the nuisery. The wooden case and its contents were hidden away, and no word was spoken of their existence. I waited a few days to see if the elders would relent but to no purpose. The bird still pined on itB perch. Ho kindly hand seemed likely to open the cage door and let it fly. There sat Teecie, day alter day, in her nursery chair, hemming aprons for nurse, or darning the children's stockings, looking longingly out of the window, and growing pale for . want of fresh air. Still never rebelling, never com plaining. Meantime the stir of Christinas preparation was agitating all the hoWBchold, and the children were full of rapture at the prospect of Lady Thornton's Christmas party. There was great excitement in the nursery about pretty new dresses, wonderful fussing about ribbonB, and muslins, and fripperies. Teecie alone sat silent in her shabby frock. By-and-by, her Rands were frill, bowing up sashes, sewing on tuckers, stitching rosettes on shoes. She was a nimble little workwoman, and they kept her busy. Seeing how well a lapful of bright ribbons be came her, I thought it a pity she should not have a gay dress as well as the rest. Nobody said, ' Teecie, what will you wear ?' nor even, 'Teecie, are not you invited too?' No one seemed to expect for a moment that Teecie could wish to be merry with the rest. How could she go, she who was lame and had no crutches ? It happened that I had an errand to the nearest town. It was rather late when, on my return, I called at the best millinery establishment in the place, . and asked for a parcel. Yes, the parcel was ready. A large flat box. \- ' Would the gentleman like to see the lady's pretty dress ?' The box was opened, and a cloud of some airy fabric shaken out under my eyes. I cannot, of course, describe it, but it was something white, very pure and transparent, with something else of pink just blushing through it. It was very tasteful, I pro nounced, trying to loek wise. There was only one fault : ' Did it not seem rather long for a little girl ?' I asked, remembering the figure it was to adorn, with its short skirt just coming to the top of the boots, so well worn and mended. ' Oh, sir,' said the milliner, with dignity, ' you ?aid the young lady was eighteen years of age, ana of course we have given her a flowing skirt !' It was late in the evening, when I reached home. Two merry carriagefulls were just departing from the door as I drove up. A few minutes afterwards, I was in the nursery with the milliner's parcel in my hands. There sat dear little Cinderella, resting one flushed cheek on her hand, and contemplating the litter of scraps of ribbon, fragments of lace, scissors, flowers, and reels of cotton, which' lay scattered around her. She had had a toilsome tiresome day and now they had got all they wanted of her, and had left her to her solitude. A flash of pleasure sprang to her face when she saw me. ' Oh ! I thought you had gone with the rest,' ?he said. ' No,' said I, 'I have not gone yet, hut I am going presently. I came for you.' ' For me!' she echoed in dismay. ' You know I . could not go. I have no dress, even if I could walk.' 'A friend has sent you a dress,' I said, 'and I will undertake to provide the crutches. Nurse, will you please to take this box, and get Miss Teecie ready as quickly as possible. The carriage is waiting for us atthe-door.' Teecie flushed very red at first, and I thought she was going to hurst out crying, and then she turned pale, and looked frightened. Nurse, to whom I had slipped a munificent Christmas-box, immediately fell ; rote raptures over the pretty dress. ' Come, Teecie,' I said, 'make haste!' And trembling between dread and delight, Teecie suffered herself to he carried off to her toilette. By the time I returned from an exploring expedi tion, with the wonderful silver-and tortoiseshell crutches under my arm, Teecie was ready. Teecie was ready. Those three simple little words mean so much that I feel I must stop and try to translate them into all they are hound to convey. . They do not mean that Teecie, the child whom I was wont to call my little benefactress, my little mother, had got on a nice new frock, and was equipped for a juvenile party like other children. But they mean that there, when I came hack, stood a beautiful girl by the nursery fire, in a fair sweeping blushcoloured ' robe. 'When she turned her head I saw that the sweet face framed in its childlike curls was the same, but still the old Teecie Ray was gone, and here was (peecavi Lady 'I hornton !) a lovely woman. We were all three ludicrously amazed at the sudden metamorphose that had taken place. Teecie was too simple not to show that she felt the change in herself felt it keenly, with a strange delight and a strange shyness. Nurse had so long been accustomed to u6e her as a child that she stood bewildered. As for me, I was first frightened at what I had done, then en chanted, then foolishly awkward, and almost as shy as Teecie herself. When I presented the crutches, nurse looked at me .as though I must be some prince in disguise, out of the Arabian Nights. It was with a curious feeling ' that I saw Teecie try them, not limping now, rather gliding over the nursery floor, with the little velvet cushions hiddenaway amidst clouds of lace and muslin under her round white shoulders, and the airy masses of Die fresh tinted gown just crushed back a little by foe gleaming silver staves. I don't know why it was foatl thought at that moment! with a certain rapture, of a guinea in alittle bon-bon box, that lay below in foe .one shabby portmanteau which I had thought proper to bring with me to Rutland Hall ! .Our equipage awaited us. It was too late now to withdraw from what I had undertaken. Teecie and I . were soon .dashing over the snowy roads to Lady Thornton's. I wall not attempt to describe the re mainder of that memorable evening, or the sensation caused by our arrival ; the wonder and mortification of my kind relations ; or the mingled pleasure and dis pleasure of the hostess, who, while delighted to see her little favourite, took occasion to whisper angrily in my ear, 'And pray, sir, how is all this to end ?' The scene was all new and delightful to Teecie, but her dread of Mrs. Rutland's portentous frown would not let her enjoy it. We both felt that a storm would hurst over our heads that night, and we were not wrong. None of the family from Rutland Hall took the least notice of us. When the time came for going home, they went off in their two carriages, and Teecie and I drove home as we had come. When we arrived, we found Cousin George and his wife wait ing for us in the library, armed to the teeth. I saw it was to be war and no quarter. Mrs. Rutland took Teecie into her clutches, and carried her off, and I was left with George, I need not repeat all that passed between us. ' Sir,' he said, ?' we have suffered your insolent intrusion leng enough. You leave this house to morrow morning.' 'Cousin George,' I said, 'den't put yourself in a passipn. I will go to-morrow morning, but upon one condition — that Teecie Ray may come with me, if she will.' He looked at me perfectly aghast. 'Do you know,' he said, ' that she is a penniless friendless orphan, whom I have sheltered through charity ?' ' _ ' I want to make her my wife,' Isaid, sternly ' if, indeed, I be so fortunate as to have won her affections.' \ , ' And after that,' he said, with a sneer, ' how do you propose to live ? Upon air, or your friends ?' 'Not upon you, George Rutland, ' I said looking him -steadily in the eyes. 'Mark. me. I have tried yon out. ' I hare sifted you, all in this house, like a ; ' handful of wheat. I found you all. chaff!' but the one \- - jgolden grain which lies on my palm. I will keep it ' and treasure it, if I may. Goa grant I may !' ' Very fine,' said George, ' very fine. Remember, however, that from this moment I wash my hands of you both : you, Guy Rutland, and her, Teecie Ray,' - 'Amen!' I said, and bade him good night, and turned on my heel and left him. Early next morning I knocked at the nursery door, and begged of nurse to awake Mis a Teecie, and ask her to speak with me in the garden. I then went out to wait for her. It was Christmas morning, the day of peace and good will. 'What I felt was scarcely peace, as I looked over the calm landscape. And yet I bore no ill will to any man or woman. Teecie came to me by-and-by ; just the same old Teecie, limping over the frosty path in her short shabby frock, and looking half ashamed of her grand new crutches. I felt relieved when I saw her so. I was shy of the dainty lady whom I had called into existence the night before. And yet when I looked more closely, I knew that this was not quite the old Teecie, and that the very same Teecie of a day ago never, never, could come back. Something was altered. 'Whether the change was in her or me, or in both of us, I did not inquire. The change was not an unpleasant one. We strolled out of the garden, and into the lane, and we talked earnestly all the way. On our way hack I said : 'And you're not afraid of starving with me, Teecie ? You'll take the risk ?' One of her old nods was Teecic's answer. 'Go and fetch your hat, then,' said I, 'and Wc won't even wait for breakfast. Don't bring anything else with you, not a slued. I have still some half pence left— out of the guinea, you know — and we 11 get all we want.' Teecie fetched her hat and returned, and wc set off together. An hour afterwards we were man and wife. We said our prayers side by side in the church, and then we walked back to Rutland Hall, to say good by to our kinsfolk. I believe they all thought me mad, and her a little fool ; at least until Cousin George received the cheque, which I sent him next day ; a cheque to cover the expenses incurred by him through his charity to Tccie Kay. Then they began to wonder, and to waver. I took my wife abroad, and showed her the world. Time and care cured her of her lameness. It was not surprising that on her return to England her kinsfolk should scarcely re cognise her — Teecie Rutland, nee Ray— walking without crutches, and the wife of a millionnaire ! Half a bride- cake conciliated Lady Thornton, and the wonderful guinea is still in my possession. I call it Teccie's dower. The crutches, the donor of which I beg to assure you, major, was not Sir Harry, are also preserved as family curiosities. V. ANOTHER PAST LODGER RELATES HIS OWN GHOST STORY. The circumstances I am about to relate to you have truth to recommend them. They happened to myself, and my recollection of them is as vivid as if they had taken place only yesterday. Twenty years, however, have gone by since that night. During those twenty Jcars I have told the story to but one other person. tell it now with a reluctance which I find it difficult to overcome. All I intreat, meanwhile, is that you will abstain from forcing your own conclu sions upon me. I want nothing explained away. I desire no arguments. My mind on this subject is quite made up, and, having the testimony of my own senses to rely upon, I prefer to abide by it. Well ! It was just twenty years ago, and within a day or two of the end of the grouse season. I had been out all day with my gun, and had had no sport to speak of. The wind was due east; the month, December ; the place, a bleak wide moor in the far north of England. And I 'had loBt my way. It was not a pleasant place in which to lose one's way, with the first feathery flakes of a coming snow-storm just fluttering down upon the heather, and the leaden evening closing in all around. I shaded my eyes with my hand, and stared anxiously into the gathering darkness, where the purple moor land melted into a range of low hills, some ten or twelve miles distant. Not the faintest smoke- wreath, not the tiniest cultivated patch, or fence, or sheep track. met mv eves in anv direction. There waq nothing for it hut to walk on, and take my chance of finding what shelter I could, by the way. So I shouldered my gun again, and pushed wearily forward ; for I had been on foot since an hour after daybreak, and had eaten nothing since breakfast. Meanwhile, the snow began to come down with ominous steadiness, and the wind fell. After this, the cold became more intense, and the night rapidly up. As for me, my prospects darkened with the darkening sky, and my heart grew heavy as I thought how my young wife was already watching for me through the window of our little inn parlour, and thought of all the suffering in store for her throughout this weary night We had been married four months, and, having spent our autumn in the Highlands, were now lodging in a remote little village situated just on the verge of the great English moor lands. We were very much in love, and, of course, very happy. This morning, when we parted, she had implored me to return before dusk, and I had pro mised her that I would. What would I not have given to have kept my word. Even now, weary as I was, I felt that with a supper, an hour's rest, and a guide, I might still get back to her before midnight, if only guide and shelter could be found. .And all this time, the snow fell and the night thickened, l stopped and shouted every now and then, but my shouts seemed only to make the silence deeper. Then a vague sense of un easiness came upon me, and I began to remember stories of travellers who had walked en and on in the falling snow until, wearied out, they were fain to lie dewn and sleep their lives away. Would it be pos sible, I asked myself! to keep -m thus through all the long dark night? Would there not come a time when my limbs must fail, and my resolution give way ? When L too, must sleep the sleep of Aojtth. Death ! I shuddered. How hard to die just now, when life lay all so bright before me ! How hard for my dar ling, whose whole loving heart ? but that thought was not to he borne! To banish it, I shouted again, louder and longer, and then listened eagerly; Was my shout answered, or did I only fancy that I heard a far-off cry ? I halloed again, and again the echo followed. Then a wavering speck of light came suddenly out of the dark, shifting, disappearing, growing momentarily nearer and brighter. Running towards it at full speed, I found myself! to my great joy, face to face with an old man and a lantern. ' Thank God ! ' was the exclamation that burst involuntarily from my lips. Blinking and frowning, he lifted his lantern and peered into my face. 44 What for r' growled he, sulkily. ' Well — for you. I began to fear I should be lost in the snow.' _ ' Eh, then, folks do get cast away hereabouts fra' time to time, an* what s to hinder you from bein* cast away likewise, if the Lord's so minded ? ' ' If the Lord is ea minded that you and 1 6hall he lost together, friend, we must submit,' I replied ; 14 but I don't mean to be lost without you. How far am I now from Dwolding ?' 44 A gude twenty mile, more or less.' ' And the nearest village?' TKo nnaMet vnllairn W.rl.n on' (ammvov iwwgv m vv y aunt a iWWVC mile t'other side.' 44 Where do you live, then ? ' 44 Out yonder,' said he, with a vague jerk of the lantern. 44 You're going home, I presume ?' ' May be I am.' 44 Then I'm going with you.' The eld man shook his head, and rubbed his nose reflectively with the handle of the lantern. ' It ain't ?' no use,' growled he. ' He 'ont let you in — not he.' 44 We'll s»e about that,' I replied, briskly, 44 Who is He ?' 44 The master.' 41 Who i6 the master!' 'That's nowt to you,' was the unceremonious re ply. 44 Well, well ; you lead the way, and I'll engage that the master shall give me shelter and a supper to-night.,' ''Eh, youcen try him !' muttered my reluctant guide ; and, still shaking his head, he hobbled, gnome-like, away through the falling snow. A large mass, loomed up presently out of the darkness, and nhuge dog rushed out, barking furiously. 44 Is this the house f' I asked. 44 Ay, it's the house. Down, Bey?' And he fumbled in his pocket for the key. I drew up close behind him, prepared to lose no cutuice ui femxttiiue, urni b»w in uiencue circle oi iignt shed by the lantern that the door was heavily studded with iron nails, like the door of a prison, ui another minute he had turned the key and I had pushed past him into the house. Gnce inside, I looked round with curiosity, and found myself in a great rafted hall, which served, ap parently, a variety of uses. One end was piled to the roof with com, like abarn. The other was stored with floursacks, agricultural implements, casks, and. all kinds afmissellaneous lumber ; while from the beams overhead hung sows of hams, -flitches, and bunches of dried herbs for winter use. In the centre.of the floor stood some huge object gauntly' dressed in a dingy wrapping-cloth, and reaching half way to the rafters. Lifting a comer of tius cloth, I saw, to my surprise, a telescope of very considerable size, mounted on a rude moveable platform with four small wheels. The tube was made of painted wood, bound round with bands of metal rudely fashioned; the speculum, so for as I could estimate its size in the dim light measured at least fifteen inches in diameter. While I was yet examining the instrument, and asking myself whether it was not the work of some self-taught optician, a bell rang Eharoly. 'That's for you,' said my guide, with a malicious grin. 44 Yonder's his room.' He pointed to a low black door at the opposite side of the hall. I crossed over, rapped somewhat loudly, and went in, without waiting for an invitation. A huge, white-haired old man rose from a table covered with books and papers, and confronted me sternly. 44 Who are you ?' said he. 44 How came you here ? 'What do you want ?' 41 James Murray, borristcr-at-law. On foot across the moor. Meat, drink, and sleep.' He bent his bushy brows into a portentous frown. 44 Mine is not a house of entertainment,' he said, haughtily. 44 Jacob, how dared you admit this stranger?' 41 1 didn't admit him,' grumbled the old man. '? He followed me over the muir, and shouldered his way in before me. I'm no match for six foot two.' 44 And pray, sir, by what right have you forced an entrance mto my house ?' 41 The same by which I should have clung to your boat, if I were (frowning. The right of selfpreserva tion.' 41 Self- preservation ? ' 44 There's an inch of snow on the ground already,' I replied, briefly ; 44 and it would be deep enough to cover my body before daybreak.' He strode to the window, pulled aside a heavy black curtain, and looked out. 44 It is true,' he said. 44 You can stay, if you choose, till morning. Jacob, serve the supper.' With this he waved me to a seat, resumed his own, and became at once absorbedin the studies from which I had disturbed him^ I placed my gun in a corner, drew a chair to the hearth, and examined my quarters at leisure. Smaller and less incongruous in its arrangements than the hall, this room contained, nevertheless, much to awaken my curiosity. The floor was carpetlcss. The whitewashed walls were in parts scrawled over with strange diagrams, and in others covered with shelves crowded with philosophic instruments, the uses of many of which were unknown to me. On one side of the fire-place stood a book case filled with dingy folios; on the other, a small organ, fantastically decorated with painted carvings of mediaeval saints and devils. Through the half opened door of a cupboard at the further end of the room, I saw a long array of geological specimens, surgical preparatious, crucibles, retorts, and jars of chemicals ; while on the mantle shelf beside me, amid a number of small objects, stood a model of the solar system, a small galvanic battery, and a microscope. Every chair had its burden. Every comer was heaped high with books. The very floor was littered over with mapB, caste, papers, tracings, and learned lum ber of all conceivable kinds. 1 stared about with an amazement increased by every fresh object upon which my eyes chanced to rest. So strange a room I had never seen ; yet seemed it stranger still, to find such a room in a lone form house amid these wild and solitary moors, Over and over again, I looked from my host to his surroundings, and from his surroundings back to my host, asking myself who and what he could be ? His head was singularly fine ; but it was more the head of a poet than a philosopher. Broad in the temples, prominent over the eyes, and clothed with a rough profusion of perfectly white hair, it had all the ideality and much of the ruggedness that characterises the head of Louis von Beethoven. There were the same deep lines about the mouth, and the same stem furrows in the brow. There was the same concentration of ex pression. While I was yet observing him, the door opened, and Jacob brought in the supper. His master then closed his book, rose, and with more courtesy of manner than he had yet shown, invited me to the table. A dish of ham and eggs, a loaf of brown bread, and a bottle of admirable sherry, were placed before me. 44 1 have but the homeliest form- house fore to offer you, sir,' said my entertainer. 44 Your appetite, I trust, will make up for the deficiencies of our larder.' I had already fallen upon the viands, and now pro tested, with the enthusiasm of a starring sportsman, that I had never eaten anything so delicious. He bowed stiffly, and sat down to his own supper, which consisted, primitively, of a jug of milk and a basin of porridge. We ate in silence, and when we had done, Jacob removed the tray. I then drew my chair back to the fireside. My host, somewhat to my surprise, did the same, and turning abruptly towards me, said : 44 Sir, I have lived here in strict retirement for three-and twenty years. During that time, I have not seen as many strange faces, and I have not read a 6ingle newspaper. You are the fret stranger who has crossed my threshold for more than four years. Will you favour me with a few words of information respecting that outer world from which I have parted company so long ?' 44 Pray interrogate me,' I replied. 44 1 am heartily at your service.' He bent his head in acknowledgment; leaned forward, with his elbows resting on his knees and his chin supported in the palms of his hands; stared fixedly into the fire ; and proceeded to question me. His inquiries related chiefly to scientific matters, with the later progress of which, as applied to the practical purposes of life, he was almost wholly un acquainted. No student of science myself! I replied as well as my slight information permitted ; but the task was fax from easy, and I was much relieved when, passing from interrogation to discussion, he began pouring forth his own conclusions upon the facte which I had been attempting to place before him. He talked, and I listened spell-bound. He talked till I believe he almost forgot my presence, .and only thought aloud. I had never heard anything like it then ; I have never heard anything like it since. Familiar with all systems of all philosophies, subtle in analysis, bold in generalisation, he poured forth his thoughts in an uninterrupted stream, and, still leaning forward in the same moody attitude with his eyes fixed upon the fire, wandered from topic to topic, from speculation to speculation, like an inspired dreamer. From practical science to mental philosophy ; from electricity in the wire to electricity in the nerve; from Watts to Mesmer, from Mesmer to Reichenbach, from Reickenbach to Swedenborg, Spinoza, Condillac, Descartes, Berkeley, Aristotle, Plato, and the Magi and mystics of the East, were transitions which, how ever bewildering in their variety and scope, seemed easy and harmonious upon his lips as sequences in music. By and by — I forget now by what link of conjecture or illustration— he passed on to that field which lies beyond the boundary line of even con jectural philosophy, and reaches no man knows whither. He spoke of the soul and its aspirations ; of the spirit and its powers ; of second sight ; of prophecy ; of those phenomena which, under the names of ghosts, spectres, and supernatural appear ances, have been denied by the sceptics and attested vy me creaui.ua oi au ages. 44 The world,' he stud,44 grows hourly more and more sceptical of all that lies beyond its own narrow radius ; and our men of science foster the fatal ten dency. They condemn as fable all that resists ex periment. They reject as false till that cannot be brought to the test of the laboratory or the dissect ing-room. Against what superstition have they waged so long and obstinate a war, as against the belief in apparitions ? And yet what superstition has main tained its hold upon the minds of men so long and so firmly? Show me any fact in physics, in history, in archeology, which is supported by testimony so wide and so various. Attested by all races of men, in all ages, and in all climates, by the soberest sages of anti quity, by the rudest B&vage; of to-day, by the Christian, the Pagan, the Pantheist, the Materialist, this pheno menon is treated as a nursery tele by the philosophers of our century. Circumstantial evidence weighs with them as a feather in the balance. The comparison of causes with effects, however valuable in physical science, is put aside as worthless and unreliable. The evidence of competent witnesses, however conclusive in a court of justice, counts for nothing. He who pauses before he pronounces, is condemned as a triiier. He who believes, is a dreamer or a fool.' He spoke with bitterness, and, having said thus, relapsed for some minutes into silence. Presently he raised his head from his hands, and added, with an altered voice and manner, 44 F, sir, paused, investigated, believed, and was not ashamed to state my convictions- to the world. I, too, was branded as a visionary, held up to ridicule by my contemporaries, and hooted from that field of science in which I had laboured with honour during all the best years of my life. These things happened just three-and-twenty years ago. Since then, I have lived as you see me living now, and the world has forgotten me, as I have for- ' gotten the world. You have my history.' 44 It is a very sad one,' I murmured, scarcely knowing what to answer. 'It. is a very common one,' he replied. 'I have only suffered for the truth, as many a better and wiser man has suffered before me.' lie rose, as if desirous of ending the conversation, and went over to the window. ' It has ceased snowing,' he observed, as he dropped the curtain, and came back to the fireside. 'Ceased!' 1 exclaimed, starting eagerly to my feet. 41 Oh, if it were only possible— hot no ! it is hopeless. Even if I could find my way across the moor, 1 could not walk twenty miles to- night.' ' Walk twenty miles to-night!' repeated my host. ' What are you thinking of?' ' Of my wife,' I replied, impatiently. 41 Of my young wife, who does not know that I have lost my way, and who is at this moment breaking her heart with suspense and terror.' 'Where is she?' ' At Dwolding, twenty miles away.' ' At Dwolding,' he eeboed, thoughtfully. ' Yes, the distance, it is true, is twenty miles ; but are you so very anxious to Bave the next six or eight hours ?' ' So very, very anxious, that I would give ten guineas at this moment for a guide and a horse.' ' Your wish can he gratified at a less costly rate,' said he, smiling. 44 The night mail from the north, which changes horses at Dwolding, passes within five miles of this spot, and will he due at a certain cross road in about an hour and a quarter. H Jacob were to go with you across the moor, and put you into the old coach-road, you could find your way, I suppose, to where it joins the new one ?' ' Easily— gladly.' He smiled again, rang the hell, gave the old servant his directions, and, taking a bottle of whisky and a wine-glass from the cupboard in which he kept his chemicals, said ; ' The snow lies deep, and it will be difficult walk ing to- night on the moor. A glass of usquebaugh before you start ? ' I would have declined the spirit, but he pressed it on me, and I drank it. It went down my throat like liquid flame, and almost took my breath away. ' It is strong,' he said ; 44 but it will help to keep out the cold. And now you have no moments to spare. Good night ! ' I thanked him for his hospitality, and would have shaken hands, but that he turned away before I could finish my sentence. In another minute I had tra vereed the hall, Jacob had locked the outer door behind me, and we were out on the wide white moor. Although the wind had fallen, it was still bitterly cold. Not a star glimmered in the black vault overhead. Not a sound, save the rapid crunching of the snow beneath our feet, disturbed the heavy stillness of the night. Jacob, not too well pleased with his mission, shambled on before in sullen silence, his lantern in his hand, and his shadow at his feet. I followed, with my gun over my shoulder, as little inclined for conversation as himself. My thoughts were full of my late host. His voice yet rang in my ears. His eloquence yet held my imagination captive. I remember to this day, with surprise, how my over-excited brain retained - whole sentences and parte of sentences, troops of brilliant images, and fragments of splendid reasoning, in the very words in which he had uttered them. Musing thus over what I had heard, and striving to recal a lost link here and there, I strode on at the heels of my guide, absorbed and un observant. Presently — at the end, as it seemed to me, of only a few minutes — he came to a sudden halt, and said : ' Yon's your road. Keep the stone fence to your right hand, and vou can't fail of the way.' 44 This, then, is the old coach-road ? ' 44 Ay, 'tis the old coach-road.' ' And how far do I go, before I jreach the cross roads?' 44 Nigh upon three mile.' I pulled out my purse, and he became more com municative. ' The road's a fair road enough,' said he, 44 for foot passengers ; but 'twas over steep and narrow for the northern traffic. You'll mind where tile parapet's broken away, close again the sign-post. Itis .never been mended since the accident.' 44 What accident ? ' ' Eh, the night mail pitched .right over into the va'ley below — a gude fifty feet ah' more— just at the worst hit o' road in the whole county.' 44 Horrible ! Were many lives lost? ' , ' All. Four were found dead, and t'other two died next morning.' ' How long is it since this happened ? ' 44 Just nine year.'' 44 Near the sign-post, you say ? I will bear it in mind. Good night.' 44 Gnde night, sir, and thankee.' Jacob pocketed the half-crown, made a faint pretence of touching his hat, and trudged hack by the way he had come. I watched the light of his lantern till it quite diappeared, and then turned to pursue my way alone. This was no longer matter of the slightest difficulty, for, despite the dead darkness overhead, the line of stone fence showed distinctly enough against the pale gleam of the snow. How silent it seemed now, with only my footsteps to listen to; how silent and how solitary! A strange dis agreeable sense of loneliness stole over me. I walked faster. I hummed a fragment of a tune. I cast up enormous sums in my head, and accumulated them at compound interest. I did my best, in short, to for get the startling speculations to which Ihad just been listening, and, to some extent, I succeeded. Meanwhile the night air seemed to become colder and colder, and though I walked fast I found it im possible to keep myself warm. My feet were like ice. I lost sensation in my hands, and grasped my gun mechanically. I even breathed with difficulty, as though, instead of traversing a quiet north country highway, I were sealing the uppermost heights of some 'gigantic Alp. This last symptom became presently so distressing, that I was forced to stop for a few minutes, and lean against the stone fence. As I did so, I chanced to look hack up the road, and there, to my infinite relief, I saw a distant point of light, like the gleam of an approaching lantern. I at first concluded that Jacob had re traced his steps and followed me ; but even as this conjecture presented itself a second light flashed into sight— a light evidently parallel with the first, and approaching at the same rate of motion. It needed no second thought to show me that these must be. the carriage-lamps of some private vehicle, though it seemed strange that anypnvate vehicle should take a road professedly disused and dangerous. There could be no doubt, however, of the fact, for the lamps grew larger and brighter every moment, and I even fancied I could already see the dark outline of the carriage between them. It was coming up very fast, and quite noiselessly, the snow being nearly a loot deep under the wheels. And now the body of the vehicle became distinctly visible behind the lamps. It looked strangely lofty. A sudden suspicion flashed upon me. Was it possible that Ihad passed the cross-roads in the dark without observing the signpost, and could tins be the very coach which Ihad come to meet ? No need to ask myself that question a second time, for here it same round the bend of the road, guard and driver, one outside passenger, and four steaming greys, all wrapped in a soft haze of light, through which the lamps blazed out, like a pair of fiery meteors. I jumped forward, waved my hat, and shouted. The mail came down at full speed, and passed me. For a moment I feared that I had not been seen or heard, but it was only for a moment. The coachman pulled up ; the guard, muffled to the eyes in capes and comforters, and apparently sound asleep in the rumble, neither answered my hail nor made the slightest effort to dismount ; the out side passenger did not even turn his head. I opened the door for myself! and looked in. There were but three travellers inside; so I stepped in, shut the door, slipped into the vacant comer, and congratulated myself on my good fortune. The atmosphere of the coach seemed, if possible, colder than that of the outer air, and was pervaded by a singularly damp and disagreeable smell. I looked round at my fellow passengers. They were all three, men, and all silent, f hey did not seem to be asleep, but each leaned back in his comer of the vehicle, as if absorbed in his own reflections. I attempted to open a conversation. ,4,How intensely cold it is to-night,' I said, address ing my opposite neighbour. He lifted his head, looked at me, but made no reply. ' The winter,' I added, 44 seems to have begun in earnest.' Although the comer in which he sat was so dim that I could distinguish none of his features very clearly, I saw that his eyes were still turned full upon me. And yet he answered never a word. At any other time I should have felt, and perhaps expressed, some annoyance, hut at the moment I felt too ill to do either. The icy coldness of the night air had struck a chill to my very marrow, and the strange smell inside the coach was affecting me with an intolerable nausea. I shivered from head to foot, and, turning to my left-hand neighbour, asked if he had any objection to an open window ? He neither spoke nor stirred. I repeated the question somewhat more loudly, but with the same result. Then I lost patience, and let the sash down. As I did so, the leather strap broke in my hond, and I observed that the glass was covered with a thick toat of mildew, the uccumuintion, uppa jently, of ycais. My attention being thus drawn to the condition of the couch, I examined it more narrowly, and saw by the uncertain 'light of the outer lamps that it was in the last state of dilapidation. Every part of it was not only out of repair, bat in .i condition of decoy. The sashes splintered at a touch. The leather fittings were crusted over with mould, and literally rotting from the woodwork. The floor was almost breaking away beneath my feet. The whole machine, in short, was foul with damp, and had evi dently been dragged from some outhouse in which it had been mouldering away for years, to do another day or two of duty on the'road. I turned to the third passenger, whom I had not yet addressed, and hazarded one more remark. 44 This coach,' I said, 44 is in a deplorable condition. The regular mail, I suppose, is under repair ?' He moved his head slowly, and looked me in the face, without speaking a word. I shall never forget that look while I live. I turn cold at heart even now when I recal it. His ey?s glowed with a fiery unnatural lustre. His face was livid as the face of a corpse. His bloodless lips were drawn back as if in the agony of death, and showed the gleaming teeth ?between. The words that I was about to utter died upon my lips, and a strange horror — a dreadful horror — came upon me. My sight had by this time become used to the gloom of the coach, and I could see with tolerable distinctness. I turned to my opposite neighbour. He, too, was looking at me, with the same startling pallor in his face, and the same stony glitter in his eyes. I passed my hand across my brow. I turned to the passenger on the seat beside my own, and saw —oh Heaven ! how shall I describe what I saw ? I saw that he was no living man — that none of them were living men, like myself! A pale phosphor escent light — the light of putrefaction — played upon their awful faces ; upon their hair, dank with the dews of the grave; upon their clothes, earth etainedand dropping to pieces; upon their hands, which were as the hands of corpses long buried- Only their eyes, their terrible eyes, were living; and those eyes were all turned menacingly upon me ! A shriek of terror, a wild unintelligible cry for help and mercy, buret from my lips as I flung myself against the door, and strove in vain to open it. In that single instant, brief and vivid as a land scape beheld in the flash of summer lightning, I saw the moon shining down through 'a nft of stormy cloud — the ghastly sign-post rearing its warn ing finger by the wayside — the broken parapet — the plunging horses — the black gulf below. Then, the ceach reeled like a ship at sea. Then, came a mighty crash — a sense of crushing pain — and then, darkness. It seemed as if years had gone by when I awoke one morning from a deep sleep, and found my wife watching by my bedside. I will pass over the scene that ensued, and give you, in half a dozen words, the tale she told me with tears of thanksgiving. I had fallen over a precipice, close against the junction of the old coach- road and the new, and had only been saved from certain death by lighting upon a deep snowdrift that had accumulated at the foot of the rock beneath. In this snowdrift I was discovered at day break, by a couple of shepherds, who carried roe to the nearest shelter, and brought a surgeon to my aid. The surgeon found me in a state of raving delirium, with a broken arm and a compound fracture of the skulL The letters in my pocket-book showed my name and ad dress ; my wife was summoned to nurse me ; and, thanks to youth and a fine constitution, I came out of danger at last. The place of my fall, I need scarcely say, was precisely that at which a frightful accident had happened to the north mail nine years before. 1 never told my wife the fearful events which I have just related to you. I told the surgeon who attended me ; hut he treated the whole adventure as a mere dream horn of the fever in my brain. We dis cussed the question over and over again, until we found that we could discuss it with temper no longer, and then we dropped it. Others may form what con clusions they please — I know that twenty years ago I was the fourth inside passenger in that Phantom Coach. ; 