MONDAY, JANTJAEY 30, 1865. ; Mn. MAIITIN will this day tender, to lu's Excellenoy tho GOVERNOR the resignation of his office, on behalf, we presume, not only of himself, but ' of Mr." WILSON and Mr. FAUCETX also. ?'. 'Mr. EAGAR will probably be included in this: act of abdication. Mr. FORSTER has already renounced his allegiance to his set. Thus, by: what irreverent politicians might call a strobe of good luck, but by what we regard as .on inevitable dis- pensation of political justice, the colony of New South "Walés has got rid of the worst Ministry' it over had. Its materials were tough enough, in all conscience. Tho structure which they composed needed to be pulled to pieces bit by bit; and oven at tho last tho trunk around which tho parasites that seemed to strengthen but really weakened it clung, made a feeble attempt at resistance. It would require a largo amount of faith to believe that Mr. MARTIN had no knowledge of Mr. MACFHERSON'S silly but insidious amend- ment on tho Address. So fervent a friend of tho Ministry as Mr. MACPHERSON would not have ventured upon 2'laying his little concealed card without having consulted his ? chief ; and so very clever a parliamentary tactician as Mr. MARTIN would not have allowed it to he done if ho had not thought that it might afford him another, chance. It would have been pleasant if we could have dismissed this Ministry with some- thing of approbation for its concluding performances; but unfortunately for its memory, it has loft no opportunity. The little transaction interpolated by Mr. 'FORBTER at the close of the game only adds to the contempt with which the MARTIN Ministry will bo remembered. It was a Government of shams. There was only one able man in it, and he took as his associates persons as insincere as himself, without his ability. The Cabinet dies out from sheer necessity. It has been beaten iii de¿aü. There cari be no doubt whatever that if the Ministry, ortho remnant that is. loft of them, had not resolved to resign, his Excellency tho GOVERNOR must have dismissed thom. As, it is, they go out with the close of the month, and we hope that they will find it convenient They have cost the country a great deal of money, but it will have beea well spent if the experience gained is made use of. j The GOVERNOR will now have to choose his advisers, and they will have to appeal to the country for a confirmation of .his Excellency's choice. Although there is no constitutional necessity in the case, every person who raices nowi 01 pu uno umina mutîi I feol assured that Afr. COWPEB will be sent for. That he will be able to form a Ministry there can be no doubt. The greater pari of I tho now Cabinet is already complete in tho public eye, and only a few details aro needed. Be this as it may, there is good reason to be glad that We are about to ente upon a new ora in responsible government in this colony. Mr. Cowrnn, in his task of forming a Ministry, will find I himself confronted by many difficulties, not the least of wliich will be tho organiaition of tho existing Assembly, which, repre- senting, as we believe that it doos, the general intelligence of the country, yet represents also some opinions which have been presumed to bo antagonistic to liberal progross. "Wo may hopo that this will no j provo to be tho fact As in private lifo so it may be in Parliament, that friendly con- sultation may remove many obstacles. [There is, however, a very clear course before the now Government. It will not bo forgotten by what means Mr. COWPER'S Administration fell before, and by what process Mr. MARTIN'S Ministry now gives up the ghost. These Adminis- trations fell because they neglected the warnings of public opinion. They used for tho strengthening and the consolidation of their own power the authority that hod been gi vin to them by tho people to be used for their good. Mr. MARTIN, in tho coulee of his last words in the Assembly on Friday, said that it was very desirable to have a strong Government ; and so it is : but the strength of a Government should, consist, not morely in tho conciliation of interests in Parliament, but in tho general confidence of | the people. If it be wanting in this, down it niuBt come, sooner or later ; and its fall will always bo the more disastrous because of tho rottenness of tho props by which it has sought to sustain itsolf. 