KADINA. (FROM OUB OWF COEBESPONDBNT.) September 5. The late. wet weather having helped to fill -our tanks3 is About the most satisfactory news I have to report. Cbxrunez$aa31y speaking, everythingis at a standstill, for I do not recollect ever hearing" such an wianmtoos opinion of flie general depres sionofbusiness. It is hardtoaccountfor, but not the leBs true, and the hope that has .so, long been cheenng our tradesmen appearaetill likely to be their portion. The world of amusement appears, however, to be correspondingly busy, first, we have liadMr Ashton's Anglo-Sa&on; Circus, and certainly he deserves credi^for the amusementlieproyides: In such, an dullying portion of the colony as ours, where horse feed is so high, and bo much time lost in coining and going, his expenses -must bo very high-—more e&pecially; as be, seems to ;the best talent to be laS-r-and. I am glad to be ] able to report that be eeemed to enjoy a large measure of success during Mb three nights' stay, j Then our Cricket Club, which so lately burst into existence, seems'to have girded up its loins for a vigorous season. Having provided itself with, a complete set of tools, and requested the patronage of Tl i's Excellency the Governor, arid the presi dency of Captain Hart, and made sundry other arrangements calculated to make it worthy of a place in the annals of cricket, it commenced the season by a friendly match amongst its own members on Tuesday, when the Club uniform was used for the first time, and a cold spread provided by that veteran cricketer, Host Moyle, closed the day's proceedings. It may be stated that the Club lias ordered a comfortable tent to be made for the convenience of players on the ground. Then our Volunteers have not been idle. On Wednesday they turned out very strong, and marched out by moonlight for field service to the Park Lands in the easterly end of our town. Arrived there, bivouac fires were lighted, and after some evolutions bad been gone through, the company dispersed for refreshment, kindly and liberally supplied by Captain Fisher and some Eladina tradesmen. The piled arms, row of fires, challenging of sentinels, gave the whole a re markably. military and , cheerful appearance, and in case of actual service being required, would not .be without its use. The energy and kindness of Captain Eisher is beyond all praise, and it must be exceedingly gratifying to "him to be able to'raise such a muster, when the Govern ment by their coolness and apathy seem to be doing all in their power to disband the volunteers. Lastly, we have the Green's Plains Ploughing Match in perspective. An interest so important to this district as the agricultural interest could not be otherwise than well supported, and we are glad to hear ot the subscription-list being well filled u^p. 'To hear of ploughing matches so near home speaks of cheap horse fodder and other necessaries being not far distant; and we are glad' to hear a good account of the crops already -growing on Green's Plains. The Matta drain is progressing satisfactorily. Ejadina people will hail with delight the day wheii the water from the different mines flows from the neighbourhood, and cause other mines besides those now working to yield up their treasures without the enormous expense and inconvenience now experienced. The " talk in the scrub " is that the " special" correspondent of the Register, in his recent report on this part of Yorke's . Peninsula, was rather hard on mine host of the White lion HoteL We have heard travellers and residents who Have had better opportunities of judging than the " special" in question, say that the accommoda tion afforded at that establishment is equalled by very iew houses out of Adelaide—notwith standing the recent protracted illness of the landlord. * Our District Council promoters seem to have given up the ghost in this matter. Whether they were scared by the energetic action of the opposi tion, or their ^eal oozed out &oin; oilier clauses, we hav« not heard, but their conduct certainly has not that appearance that usually characterises "KWKnn. movements. 