THE PIG NUISANCE. : (Zb the Editor of tie Manninq Miner News.) Sra,—Could you Trindly inform me what legal steps the inhabitants of Taree can take to get rid of the abominable nuisance of pigs spraying in the streets. They are becoming •bo numerous and so bold that we are almost teased to death, and cannot leave our stores or our houses open many minutes without a guard, else the consequence is you are sure to see some of these many marauders comfortably ensconced therein. Again, it is useless to fence against them; their snouts seem to be of such prodigious strength, they takedown the palings and proclaim themselves masters of the field. If you walk out of a dark night, unless you use the utmost precaution, you will stumble over some of thesefour- legged monsters. Horsemen, also, run a risk of breaking their necks. . I was told the other day of a circumstance that happened in this town. A neighbour of mine during the day had purchased a bag of flour, and placed it in a detached kitchen. Prom the appearance, of the building you would imagine it was well secured against ihepe nocturnal intn^^n. The same ere- ning, whilst the family were sitting cosily arotind the fire (happy amongst themselves, , and at peace with mankind at large), hearing nd a noise at the hack part of the house they went to see what was the matter. 'Who can imagine their astonishment in finding the door-burst open, and the unfortunate flour strewed over the room: not a vestige left in the bag:' 'To m&e; matters worse, a'bucket of dirty water that had been standing near was upset,, mixing it into a batter. The pigs themselves—like so many .hideous ghosts —rfitared them in the' face, and were, savage enough (through being interfered with) to spring upon them. . . Will you please insert this in your next issue, and I trust, when the owners of these, trbublesome animals read this statement, if they have a.particle of shame in their composition, they will quietly take the hint, and remove them. At the same time, you might suggest some plan, and thus corner a great favour on this suffering community. I remain, sir, Tours respectfully, A ; RESIDENT OP TAREE. 