U?OBAHT TOWN "AND THE SOUTH. TilB NEW TOWN RACES. . (Abridged from the Mercury.) i First Day. The New 'e'on Races commenced on IVednes. Ni day forenoon, and, as 'fr In weather was con cerned, the lay was most auspiclous, both for i sportsmen and visitors. The attendance was, we are sorry to say, extremely meagre; indeed, we A do not remember to have seen a worse master at any metropolitan meeting. The total number on the ground might have been ahout 1000, among F whom there was but a small proportion of the fair sex. Ilis Excellency the Governor arrived A shortly after 12 o'clock, and at once took the at place prepared lor him in the Grand Stand. Hlls at Excellency was attended by Captain Steward. at The first race was w Tuns AIAtoa PLATr, of 30 sova., with a stweep. stakes of 2 sos,. each added. Distance, 2 miles Town Plate weights. Enltrnce 2 sovs. sir. W. Hooey's g,g. Bushman, aged, green h Jacket anid blaoce cap.......... ....... 1 e iMr. J. Moore's hr.h. Garibaldi, 3 yrs., a (Archer dam Besborou;th). red jacket nudt black rap ........................ ...............2 N Mir. W. Kearney's br.f. Lady Audley, 3 yrs., h green jacket and black cap .............. 3a MIr. Samuel Blackwell officiated as starter, ant " after one or two " baulks" tile three got away very well together-CGaribhail having a slight lend, Bushman second, nod Lady Andley third. At b' the turn near the road tile Bushmlan catme p tant challenged Garibaldi, and wrested tihe first place from him ;r Lady Audloy, at this point, as she did 05 at one or two other places, swerved slightly, thereby losing considerable distance. The lilly is F very fleet of foot, but was evidently not well rid b den, at no period being sufficiently in hand for c' guidance. This circumstance completely destroyed to lher chance. Tile order above described was kept Je throughout. Bushman lanmded a winner by two at or three lengths. The rano was ea extremely slow one, as it will io seen by the time, 4ms. 10a. c T'he second race of the day was n Tte Town PLATO of 80sovs. Three miles. En h trance, 5 soara. Town Plate waeihts. Mr R. lyall's t mg B:na Boll, aoged, red Jacket ih and black cap.' (GIll.) .................. . I NMr John Blacklow's b g Faugtt.a.-Btlagt, 5 p yrs (His Excellency), blueajicket and black can. (W\inters) ..........2 ................t....... Air J. Moore's h g Archer, 6 yrs (by Plhantou, out of Fairy Q teen), hluo and pink jacket, S black and gold cap (Chant) .................. 3 Tids race occasioned considerabhle excitement h amsongst sporting oircles, and 10 t 8 was freely t1 offered upon Ben Bolt to win. For 5 to 4 Archer ti had a number of friends, and all the Black Brush I1 Brightonians were very sweet upon Faugh-a- ts Ballagh, who was hbacked at evens for first place is against either of the others. Old "LBen" was really is first-class fettle, and tihe best jodgas pronounccd hilm to be in better condition thani I he had ever been seen before on any Tasmanian course. Archer also looked well, but a shade too Sile, to our. thinking Fantgh-a-Ballagh was tnot in first-class fettle, yet from his performances at country meets, much.was expected from him, nor were his friends much disappointed. A capital start was tffected for this race; old " Ben" having the slightest imaginable lead, closely pressed by Archer, F aughla-Ballah evidently. waiting till .some of the steam was out of Ihis antagoiolts. Archer was quickly alongside the old horse, anid they raced neck and neck along the Sat, and con- a tinued in this order until they reached the corner a for the straight running home for the first round. IIere the qualities of ' Fauglh a - Ballagh developed themselves, t and hl quickly came tip, and at tile distance post the three were well together. The rider of Archer t when near the judlges' stand endeavored to take t the inside running, hilt falling to do so had to give second. place to F.augh.a.-UBlagh, and lost considerable distance thereby. Faugh-n B illanh now challenged old Ben, alid going round the flat on the course opposite the stand, took the lead frets him. A general cry followed that lie would win. A brilliant trial for font and place now co cnrred between these two, Archer's chance having I evaporated. Ott nearing the distance post Ben l Bolt againotook up the leading plaeou, notwith. standing the efforts of the rider of Faugh-a. Btl- I .lagh,. and Beni; Bolt was cventually landed on t easy withoer 's ahbout a length and is half Arciher making a bad third. Time ( mini. 2 see. [The lAdeertiser states tlhat the time wans 0 t. E8 a, and that a protest was handed in by the owner of Fanghi.a-Blinglh agalust IBen Boll, on. the ground thlit lie crossJd; which has not been I dectled. Fough-a-Ballagh carried 4 lbs over welght, and this in all probability lost him the race]. Tun SELSnt. STAREs-Of 25 soes. Oiiet round the course. tlents. +Weight for age. Mr. Daniel Smith's a m Lady Blnanche, agedt, while jacket and blue cap ......... 1 Mr. \V. Kearney's b m Midniglht, aged, rcddjack.t. and black ap .................. 2 2 Mr. WV. WVatkis a blit g Sir \Votkin, aged, scarlet and black cap......... ............. 3 3 Sir WValkin led for a short distance, but quickly gave place to i ldlliglht ; hut coming roundi tihe eourae Llady Blnchle took the leias atd tsaininlned it with ease, winnilng the heat. Tine, 2lm 5see. For the second heat Midnight ledt, followed tty Sir WVatkin, tier Ladyship last. The chesnut at nsco went to the front and wonl the heat easily. 'Time, 2ms. i3seo. 'Tiun TAvnns PLATn, off 0 sovs, with a sweep of 5 sale. eachl added. Queet,'a Plate weights. Entrance 3 soes. i)istnuce 2 miles. dar. CO Ies' br.m. Deceptissn, 3 yrs, green j.eket and blue cap ............ ........ Sitr. S. Blatckwell's hr.i: Canirou (Puni), 3 yrs., pinkl jakeot and btack cap .. . Mr. W. Valtoa's bhg. Nliastrel, 4 yrs., blue tand red jacket and black p ................. 3 Prior to startin?lg linstrel was decidedly r. rfvorite, hat the knowing ones from Sorell backed Deception freely ; ir. llackwell's little mar, also found some odmirers. CanezJi went awn} with the lead followed by Mlinstrel, Deception lost. On roundilig the point for the flat rua,uin a onr the other side of the course, Deception war cslled on by her rider nod rasnied to the front, Caneszo rollowing suit for second, leaving thu third placeto the forlorn Minstrel who never had the ghost of a chance throaehout. The race was won by Deception by abshout three lengths. 