THE RACE ON THE MISSISSIPPI. [From Zoe'i " Jlrand." Jig lite Autltor of " Ilccommendid lo Mercy." It required but a glance to prove to one whose life bad been partly «pont, in the neighbourhood of the Mississippi, that a race between two rival steamers was in progress a raoe at the very moment when a fellow-being was most probably lying botween life and death , for faint and stunned though «lie hal been, aaonBe of tho progrès« of lime IraJ not been wholly nb iont from Zoo, and she could malisd how short a period she lud spent in insensibility. Sha stole Bottly to the balustrade 01 balcony guarJ, und looked about her wit'i a mixture of wonder und alarm which was welljustifiad by tho scene before her. Within a distance of some fifty yards, a towering steamboat of the same build, and apptrontly about the same dimensions as the John 0. Calhoun was i nuning a mud race with that Muj-jslia vessel by tho light of lim broad May moon A temporary madness seemed to have taken possession ot every individual-man woman, andoaild-on board the bnt which so lately had bean lying still and silent as a painted veiael in bbo quickly-coming twilight. Before elie had well got head-v avagjin, alter rooeiving on board the exhamted bjatfa c ew, with the apparently lifeleHa body they hal recovered from tho water, tho noisa ol approaching paddle-whe U was hoirdin the distance, j an i soon-for the sp'ed of the ad vano n¿ boat appeared to be proJigioui»-a lurge voiscl, which provd to bo a new one, o&lled; the Magnolia, shot ahtad of tho John 0. O^lhoun. Now the oiplain of tha* celebro'ed boat wai not a man to take such nn affront coolly, especially as thara had been a considerable amount of obst! and banter between the two com mandora previous to the launching of the Magnolia He nai a Btnirt man was Captain Grigg, foud of Ins liquor too, and a little given to strang language. Bub the mon liked him as a boon companion , and, moreover, lie to3k cure to lol his bar out to n " gen- tleman" who thoroughly understood his business, and give then with a ploasmt jest tiroir money's north of alcohol. With the ladies, too, Ciptaiu Grigit was a prime favourite, for he waa a bjobolor with a "sparking" kind ot way with him, and besides, he let them do pi etty much as they liked on boird, novar intoi fortng with their amusements, and losing bis quarter dollars to thom at " br ig" or " poker'' like a man In any other country of the oivilnod world ib would be but natural bo suppose thal tho gentler passengers on board the John C. Calhoun would hxve been too much agitated by the late nearly tragioal ocourrenco lo admit of tboir craving at that parliculai juncture for any fresh exe te mont. Not so, however, do the transatlantic ladiea yield to the amiablo weaknesses incidental to their sax, and when the fair creatures in orinobno and muslin heard the challenge to tbe fi^hb, Ihoy ranged themselves with one (tco)rd in the order of battle, urging their gallaut captain to stand firm, mil hold hu own aejainat the hold Magnolia, and her now high presuuro engines Nothing loth wub Captain Grigg to accept tho challenge oil rod by the rival commander through Ins spaakmg trumpet from the hurricane dec t of lbs boastful steamer. Ihe ordar loudly given to heip on tu j1 wai gleefully obeyed, and Boon the John C. Calhoun was ulmoit doubling her former rate of speed Tho milo passenger*, with brains heated by lnoaiBjnt visita lo tha bar, beo»me oxcitel to a piton ot apparent insanity by the uoiss, nod the speed tilth whioh the steamer tore her way up stream in hei mad race against the rival boat. On they ttent, n le by side, sotroaly a y*rd to show in favour of either, wbilo bats r-in high, and awful language was hurled from the lip» of capbtin, crev, and passenger against tho odvnnturoui oraft whiüh darod to measiiro spoed against th) tnr-famod, and hithsito un oiiqusrsd, Mississippi nwnirch When /jeluft her olbin tho exaitomont win at its height The water botwooii the luoing vassels was foaming wildly as it with rago ut this dutu banoa ot its tranquil flow towards the ocean while tho tall funnels of oioh rushing vessel (blanched to a white hue by ti o heat of their fires,) soomed bending to the race with life- like energy, lo describe the shon's, the screams, the oaths of in^n, and tho wild eyes and gestures of the women would ba impossible, and over all these shone, pile calm d sdainful, the co d taco of the gi and " lesser-light" set there to rule tho night, but not tho ungodlike spiriti lit loose lo cloud Its glory. A fow yards game! at laBt1 Gained by tho noble John 0, dinoun, but at the expense ot what? Of every stick of fuel rem unmg in tho wood shed, whon the vam strifo ooinmsncei ' Then poured the cursos forth in earnest, and foul ivord* uiimoot to sound in womon's eira thui djred alon¿ the orottdaj de"ki "Sling jou to hell '" the ciptain shouted, " bring out the ohuirs and tablos ' Burn up the ni gors-ou« 'em-there'll bo fat nnd grease enough then to light a wick, if it was stuck in it " By the timo ho had finished this original remark, o dozen hands at leust had brought out from the saloon, mid helped to fling into tho fire the fust artiolea of furniture on which llioy could lay their hands Ihen suddenly sprung np the forvmt blaze ouoe moro, and soon the gall mt vessel reoovered hor lost ground, and even soemed ti gain upon her adversary " that's right, go ahead ' On with 'em," screamed the oaptain , for what was the loss ot well- carved rose and satin wood, and what wera upholsterers' bills, when honour was ut stuke, and glory to bo gained or losti Ontheysped.lhewatersuiging from the paddle-wheels, and every timboi in the strong built boat »Burning to groan benoath the pressure put uron it On they cpad beneath that clear and ghost like BUtmmer , nnd so light and daylike was it, that those on board tho steamer having usurped tho Mag lolia'n sta- tion nearest the river's bank could (strauge as it may seem) soo the brilliantly Bcarlet Virginia nightingales hopping on the branohea neai the stream A quiot-dook mg, middle- aged man standing near tho terrified Zoe pointed out tho birds to her. " As clear as morning about, ain't it now, " he said, "pearns all oroation's nz, thinking It's daylight Guesi, though, we can't gst along muoh farrer this way. bbb's is an old boat is John 0 Calhoun, and if her biler'd don't bust right away, I'll-." But at t,hat moment, the oxoitemont beooine so intense that words wore arroitod on every hp, tor they tvoro within adozMi yards ot the Magnolia, and abra st of hor, ond the water dashed from eaoh separate paddlo almost mingling in tho Bpnoe batweon them . . * But almost before she hid time to speak tho inward q lostion the steamer on the dook of whioh she stood had shot ahead , an 1 while /je's eyes »oro still strained to obtain another glimpse of beymour's face, the Mignoliv, sud- denly, and to the unmitigated Burprmo of everyone on board the John O Calhoun, suddenly stopped theBhouts from her thronged decks wero arrested as it by magio, and the smoke whioh had the moment before issued in volumes from li or over-heated funnols cleared away in lo the soft night air, leaving the boastful vessel lying like a log upon the walor. " Guess she ain't got no more wood aboard" '"Speab she ain't mor'a a cord to take her on to next landing " " Galkalabo they're a grain streaked aboard to-night " These and suchlike Btv cmtio remarks on the sudden giving-in of the mai bait wero nooompamed and drowned indeed by yells of triumph, with sounds soarcoly human, intended to represent the crowing of oocks and oilier pie. ins, wherewith to celebrate tbe viotory gained by tho John 0 Calhoun. TheB Igian Minister of War, General Chan vi, fought a duel on batuiday with M Delaert, a deputy, who con- sidered h'tnself insulted by the language used by the Minister in a debate m Chamber of Deputies ou the 5th The result of the duel waa that General Cb. a ¿al " was very slightly wounded m ibe Bide '' The »ervioe in Trinity Churoh, Wakefiold, was brought to an abrupt termination on a reoent bundny morning. While the prayers wore being road many of the obildren who were in the gallery faintod, and had to be oarned out and as the morning advanoed it beeamo evident that Biokneia mia spreading through the church. An investi- gation bung made, it was lound that somothing was wrong with the heating apparatus. Iho olergyman was at this time about to oommence proaohing, when some one communicator! to him what was taking place, and the servioe was brought to a oloso. Those obildren who had suffered from tho foul air wet e promptly attended to, and they all soon gob over its olfeots. Iho oil works of Mr Guarios Stanley, at Watb, near Leeds, havo been totally destroyed by fire. The fire is supposed to have beenoauBed bythe night watobmm, who w.ts known to have partaken freely of drink when hewent on duly It is believed that be fir«t ignited hi» own clot' os by a spark from a fire or from his pipe, and oom munioated the flames lo the building. After Ure fire, the body of the mau was found a blackened nail of omders. A monthly ours?, engaged by a lady to attend her confinement, but who on the eve of the interesting evept was unable to fulfil her engagement, sued the lady for ihe amount of her wages, which, she alleged, vere never- theless due. The case»as tried in the court on the 25th, provoking the greatest laughter It is scarcely ne oeisary to slate that the plaintiff was nonsnited A somewhat singular fact has been discovered, showing that the dimness oiuBed by o person breathing on glass a sumes, wh n placed under tho microscope, different ap- pearances according to the condition of the breath evol- ved. Practical me it ia stated, will be mado of this fact by physicians, for the purpose of testing the condition of patients affected with pulmonary disease. The 'oldest man in the woila" is said to be now hv I ing in Caledonia, Wiseonsin. His name is Joseph Crele, and ins age is confidently Bet donn at 139 years. Ihe Viceroy of Egypt baa failed in an attempt to in- duce the Great Powers to recognise his son as his suc- cessor. To have acceded to such a demand would have bees to set aside the suocesBion laws of Egypt, the very laws by virtue of whioh Said Pasha now rules in Egypt. 