? im the other night, iWoa ctwejve. No jWamp had burnbd.jaggylow;and now "Bt^S .flick^rii)^ l^^r aixiund. , Wf ^B&iecoml; .jtaoftler, ei^^^^jml. iJ^W^?together em- Vwcre preparing to give a fiaishingftouph, to . when, ;^ther becaiitfeV thi Bubjegt .was a very dnll one, Cor. the, brandy and the pipe peculiarl^soporiflc ehv<this - occasion, or becgiuse. we had taken too jtt^^tee :firg£and too much of the last, we fd^^tte^ hand, which usually .glides onr pen, Kfusealany lon^er^>kperform its accustomed office; and strange' looking hieroglyphics fast took the place of the neat clerk-like hand which most editors write, and upon which 'mosfcOiterary men pride 'themselves. By degrees darkness, gathered aronnd—thicker, and still thicker—it appeared at length as though you might feel the presence qMhe heavy, black mass which had settled upon every :objeet, and seemed to-weigh down all upon which it rested. Our mind'yielded to its influence, and wo became in-- sensible. It was .most uueditor-like to fall asleep at our post—but sleep, we are obliged to confess we .did—and that in .our editorial chair. The sanctum was resonant too with a snore. It could not have been burs—for no editor will ever 'admit that he snores—but we have said we were alone—and somebody certainly snored in that dark room, and at that early hour in the morning. But onr sleep was that of one who has a presentiment of coming evil, and we were -roused from it by a voice—a hollow unearthly voice, which seemed to come from directly nndev the table on which reposed the unfinished " leader, 1 ' an empty glass, the old black bottle, our short black pipe, and the lamp, which was now as dry as an old toper's throat—and, strange to say, as the voice became more distinctly audible, the empty lamp began to re-light itself, and to cast a faint blue light around. It was not exactly blue either, but of that sort of nondescript color, ' which gives • to objects, perceptible at all, a cadaverous hue—such a hue as you would expect to find in the charnel-house, if by chance your feet had guided you thither when tho moon, striving to force her light into such a noisome place, half succeeded in illuminating the pesti. lential objects around. We started—of course we did. For we are nervous, and always had a dread of things unearthly. From a child we have had a great fear of ghosts and hobgoblins— and would not walk through a church-yard after nightfall for the price of a king's ransom. But we were now in for it—there was no mistake about the matter. There was the snore—and the voice from under the table, and the lamp suddenly re-lighting itself and casting that unearthly light around. There, too, stood that black bottle, evidently grinning at us, as if conscious that all the spirits it had ever contained w?re now reembodied and come to revenge themselves on our devoted head for any liberties we had aforetime indulged in, touching their sacred per.ions. The editor was caught at last—in possession of the denizens of spirit land; and our hair, ye?, the hair of our editorial head, all stood elect; an.! we trembled, as an aspen would tremble in the rustlii'g wind, as we became more conscious of our dreadful position. We attempted to rise. It is humiliating to confess it, for an editor is supposed to be brave as a lion, but on this occasion all our courage oozed out at our fingers'ends, and we intended to fly—fly anywhere, so that we might get sway fiom that voice—that hollow voice under the table; and that horrible light which only made darkness more visible. Ob! how intense wab our I'atred at (hat moment of the black bottle— that ugly, round, long necked, blacjj bottle/that griuned at us, and reflected a countenance faintly resembling-ours, only it was most fearfully elongated. It reminded us, for all the world, >of an editor whoWAS dreadfully frightened: and who felt that his time had come at last; the time he had been dreading all his life ; when the spirits he had freed from their confinement, in hogsheads and casks, and decanters, and bottles, assembling together, and forming a mighty host, had come to seise him bodily and bear him away, to be ca6t as floatsom and jetsom upon the rocky points w.iich encircle ghostland forever and ever. We 6ay we essayed to rise, but if we had been originally planted in the editorial chair, and had grown and vegetated there, casting down deep rooi? through the interstices of its icticttlpi-liUe c.-.ne bottom, we could not have bren move unsuccessful. We could not rise from the chair, and the chair would not rise from :he floor of the apartment. Imagine a country lad, at a sixpenny exhibition, who has been green enough to take hold of the handles concocted with opposite poles of a galvanio battery, and who, when he feels the shock, desires to let go, and terminate his sufferings; but who finds that the more he fries to throw down the things, the more ho can't; and you have our situation ad vnguerti. We tried to get up and run away, but it was no go. There we were; fast in the chair; with hair erect; trembling like a leaf; in the 'same apartment with that awiul snore; that fearful voice; and the light, more horrible than all, that revealed.the danger we were in, but ex- hibited no means of exit; though a thousand worlds would have been a very moderate price to have paid for deliverance from the horrible state, Into which, alas, we, the editor had fallen. Well, findingescape impossible— that we were fastened to the chair by .some bond, invisible, yet firm and irrefragible; in many respects re. sembling one Belshazzar, whose knees shook with terror, but who could not escape the awful vision in store for him ; we thought over in a moment all the fearful things we had seen, aud heard, and read of, and dreamed about, and imagined, from the earliest period of our boyhood, through youthful days, in manhood's prime, down to the pre sent unenviable period of advanced and still advancing age, when " hose, far, far, too wide, for our shrunk shanks," compel us to admit the odious fact that we are not now quite so youpg as we were in years gone by, when a romp with the girls was our delight; aud manly sports our crowning glory. We say we thought over all the horrible things we had read of and dreamed of during those long, long years, and we felt assured that the concentrated essence of all these was at last to bo our portion, and that tho cup presented to our lips contained them all; pure, undiluted, without abatement or extenuation; and that it must bo drank; drank wholly: with- ;0ut^)0Bsibility of evasion ; to the last drop j this cyp^ofhorrors—intense,concentrated horror; for there we were, in that solitary, apartment; at that awful hour; all alone with, the-snore; and .the- voice; and the unearthly .light; glued fast to the' chair^-the editorial; chair—that adhered to the floor; -with shakipg -knees ; and hair erect; and trembling with toper, beyond the power of the most.vivid imagination^ to realise-for a mo. jflient. And we,' the • editor; a -brave, fnah * a -respectable" citizen'; the lawful husband of a wife~;: and the accredited .father of' any^'umber of 'little children; unable to escape.ifrom this terrible Anfeoclosing our-eyes, as one may be Bupposeij^ido, who is standing upon .the gallows, expecting every instant -the bolt will be drawn that is to launch him.into, eternity; and attempting, but in vain; to plose our cars against the unearthly sounds already described; we resigned ourselves to our fate, with an entire conviction that we should be seized bodily, by the spirit^; and borne away to region's unknown; there to endure, for an unlimited period, we knew not what. And it was this " know not what" that perhaps constituted the most prominent portion of sensations undefined and undefitsable, except that they were excessively horrid and distressing in- their character. But as. we could not run away, there was nothing for it but to surrender; to surrender at -discretion; and- we surrendered accordingly—yes, we, the editor, closed our eyes— our editorial eyes—and yielded ourselves a victim to the author of that snore; to the malice of that grinning, empty, -black bottle; and to ' the destructive powers of the voice that came from under the table.' And then, in spite of our closed eyes; and of that flickering,dismal light; we saw, in thatdark apartment, as clearly as though the sun bad been shining in all his splendour, and it were midday, instead of midnight—and we heard, as though the most profound silence, the silence of the uninhabited wilderness; where tho foot of man has Dever defiled the virgin soil; we, the editor, heard with our mortal ears, clearly and distinctly heard, the voice saying But the end of the column has been reached, aud we must postpone an account of what we saw, and what we heard, until some more convenient season. ANOTHFE VICTIM TO CRINOLINE.—We omitted to mention last week that Miss Maclnnis, of Mondrook, was very badly burned by her dress taking fire. She has since been under the care of Mr. Delamore Wynter, and it is hoped she will recover. TYPOGBAPHICAI EEBOHS.—There were no less than three of these vexatious things in a short article sent us from Eempsey last week. The magistrate's name is Rudder, not "Rhuddo." The accused in the first case was allowed " to go hence without day," not without "delay ;" and the man who wanted his wages ought to have sued his, not " her" master. We should be much obliged to correspondents if they would write as legibly as possible, because the Editor is not always able to read the proofs of communicated articles, and compositors will make mistakes when the manuscript is not very legible. STAMP DUTIES.—We invite attention to an advertisement on this subject in another column. GLANHIBE GOLD FIELD.—The latest accounts are decidedly, unfavourable. Very few of the claims have proved payable, and great numbers have gone away in disgust. Draw, THE BPSHEAKGEK.—This young ruffian has reappeared with a mate between Cowra and Canowindra. He rode up to a settler's house a few days ago, and demanded a few articles that were left there when Hall and Gilbert were his companions, and on receiving them galloped off immediately. How much longer is he to go unapprehended f A SNAKE STOET.—Mr. Neil M'Einnon killed a diamond snake one day this week, which measured, after decapitation, ten feet -six inches. In justice to ourselves we must say that this measurement was not made in our presence, but we have no reason for saying that it was not fairly made. GEE AT FIBE AT SYDNEY.—St. Mary's Cathedral has been burned to the ground. Estimated lose, £50,000. To CORRESPONDENTS.—Several communications, crowded out this week, will appear in our next. Among those so omitted are articles signed " Observer," " Dix," " G. H." and one from Kempsey without signature. 