The Advertiser. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 25, 1865. PROCEEDINGS IN PARLIAMENT. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 24. In the Legislative Council— The PRESIDENT took the chair at 2 o'clock. The Hon. J. H. BARROW gave notice of motion respecting an amendment of the Constitution. Tlie Hon. H. Atebs made a statement respecting the resignation of the late Ministry, and The Hon. T. Eng-ISH, Commissioner of Pablic Works, explained the policy of the new Government, when a long debate followed, some bon. memberr attacking tho new Ministry for want of a policy ol their own, and for not having appointed as Chief Secretary a member of the Council, while other menbars defended them and promised a conditional support. Ultimately the Hoase adjourned till Taes dav, O-ober 31. In the Hoase of Assembly— j The Chief Secre__b_ (Mr. Hart) made a statement of the policy of the new Government, and I a lengthened debate ensued thereupon. At tlie conclusion of the debate some questions were asked and motions moved. House adjourned at 5.40 till next day. The new Mj :nistey Lave made their bows to the two Houses of Parliament, but the reception accorded them was far more warm than welcome. In t_is, however, they could not possibly have been surprised. Any reception more flattering than the one they met with would, indeed, have been surprising, considering the political ante cedents of the five hon. members ; and still more considering the ludicrous ghost of a " policy" evoked by the new Ministry. In the Legis lative Council the Hon. Mr. English indicated what he facetiously termed the " policy of the Ministry;" but of all the miserable pretences ever put forward it was the most miserable. In regard to the pastoral policy of the new Govern ment, he said that it would be kept iv abeyance until after the -Northern Commissioners had re ported ; in regard to the sale of Crown lands, the Government would not press them on beyond what the exigencies of the colony required ; is respects immigration, the present arrangements would be carried out; and the Strathalbyn Bailway Bill would be taken up by the Govern ment. Now, on all these points, the ground taken by the present Government is precisely identical with that taken by the late Govern ment, and —so far—what has been gained by the change? Oa the subject of the disposal ofthe railways, and on the question of distillation, the present Government had not made up their minds; and as regards the tariff, a few slight changes would be made, but no clue to their nature was given. The only new point in the statement was that a Bill to amend the Consti tution Act would be prepared, but the hon. gentleman gave no idea of the nature of the in tended amendments. The Council freely commented npon the state ment. The new Government were censured for having no policy, except that which they appro priated from their predecessors; Mr. English was censured for having now united with the opponents of a Ministry he had all along sup ported; and he was also censured for having compromised the dignity of the Legislative Council by accepting the lowest office in the Government, notwithstanding the post of Chief Secretary had for many years been assigned to the Legislative Council. Our report of pro ceedings will further inform the public aa to the views entertained by the Council on the forma tion of the new Government. In the House of Assembly, Captain Hart volunteered a similar statement to that made by Mr. English in the Council. Mr. Townsend, in order to place himself in order for a few remarks, moved the usual formal motion, that the House at its rising adjourn till next day. Mr. Bey nolds moved as an amendment, that the adjourn ment be for a week, to enable the Government to prepare a policy. On these two motions a general discussion ensued, embracing a great variety of matters affecting the composition of the Government and its policy. Of course not a few remarks were made as to the incongruous elements of the one and the utter want of the other. Some members point-blank declared that they would refuse to support the Government, while others volunteered to Bupport those mea sures of which they approved—a cautious method of limiting their liability under present circum stances. Several members explained their rea sons for voting against the late Ministry, such reasons being chiefly the precedent created by the appointment of Mr. Dutton as Agent-Gene ral, and the course pursued by the Government against the annual lessees of the Crown. Mr. English fared almost as hardly in the Assembly as he did in the Council. It was urged that as a matter of principle the Commissioner of Public Works ought to have a seat in the Assembly, where he was almost as much needed as was the Treasurer. Some other remarks were made as to the inexpediency of Mr. English, as a contractor, holding the control of Pablic Works at all. However, ultimately, on the Chief Secretary stating that if Mr. Beynolds's amendment were carried it would be considered as hostile, and the usual consequences would follow, the amendment was withdrawn, and the House ad journed till next day. We Bjegbet to observe by oar last telegraphic intelligence that there seems no very near pros pect of the war in New Zealand coming to a conclusion. The Maories seem determined to fight to the utmost for the possession of what they profess to consider their rights. But it iB not ODly that they continue their hostile opposi tion, bnt in the method of it they seem utterly careless how far they exasperate their civilized foes; what arrears of retribution they pile up for themselves; and what difficulties they place in the way of reconciliation. The treacherous and cowardly murder of non-combatants, of in terpreters, and men carrying proclamations of peace, while calling for condign punishment, must compel the whites to push the war more vigorously, and will have the effect of teaching them how utterly useless are mild measures and attempts at conciliation with, such a race as the New Zealanders. For physical power, courage, and intelligence they are a noble race of men, but they possess in au eminent degree the peculiar features of savage character. They appear to have no notion of magnanimity in their foes, and every concession they look upon as a sign of weakness. It appears to their minds incredible, if indeed the idea ever occurs to them, that efforts of conciliation are dictated by a wish to save Maori life. We think, then, that all these negotiations, almost all the offers of amnesty, and all the peace proclama tions of the Governor, have had a most mischievous effect. Repeated efforts to make peace can have no other result than to induce a belief that the " Pakeha" is thoroughly tired of war. The war should be so carried on that the natives would find it necessary to sue for peace. They ought to be made to feel them selves not merely defeated, but subdued, and then they would no longer enter into negotiations and make hollow treaties of amity, merely to gain time to prepare for fresh enterprises of a warlike character. The Government should have a distinct object in fighting, and the Maories should be taught that the whites would continne the war without concession or com promise, till that object was attained. Such a policy as this would be far more merciful to -riiites and natives than the present. It has been thought that the removal of the troops will have a disastrous effect ia encou raging the natives to renewed resistance, nod weakening the forces of the colonists. There is no question that offers of peace from the Government made simultaneously with the departure of the troops, will induce the Maorics to believe that their English foes consider them selves dangerously weakened by the removal of the soldiery. But we question whether the war will not go on at least as prosperously now the troops are removed. There is little doubt the colonists enjoyed the Imperial expenditure so far that they were not anxious for a speedy con clusion of hostilities. Now their object will be to finish the war as soon as possible, and they will adopt the means best calculated to produce that end. And we believe the volunteers of New Zealand will be better suited for .Maori warfare than troops of the line. This is no disparagement to the British army, for the description of warfare in which General Cameron's regiments were engaged was not the most calculated to exhibit the qualities of regular troop 3. Where there was a pitched battle the natives were always defeated, both by the regulars and volunteers, unless in cases of the fortifica tions attacked being stronger than was calculated, or iv a few cases of successful stratagem on the part of the Maories. The fact is, the natives, with all their bravery, unless under cover of defences, cannot stand the determined onslaught of Englishmen. Where they are formidable is in guerilla warfare, with its stratagems,surprises, concealments, and rapid marches; and for this work the colonists, with a little suitable training, are necessarily more adapted than regular troops. Tue policy of granting confiscated lands to volunteers is a wise one, aud will attract ener getic men into the service, who afterwards occu pying the land, will for m a barrier against future encroachments of the Maories. Justice to the colonists and mercy to the natives alike demand a vigorous prosecution of the war. While sup ported by expenditure of Imperial treasure it was cherished by the colonists as a desirable exotic; now they have it in their own hands they will tear it up as a pernicious weed. Although mourning over the loss of Maori life we believe that justice is on the side of the j colonists. The land for which the Maories fight, j and which has been already sold to white men, owes all its value to English colonization. Before the proper settlement of New Zealand ; the aborigines sold the finest land in the islands at one-eighth of a Id. per acre, and the New j Strata Wales Government annulled the bargain. Things have greatly changed since then; but the feuds of the races are hopeless, and mere equitable arrangements will go bnt little way ! towards adjustment. One party must conquer, the other eubmit. 