NEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL, MOONTA MINES. [From the Wallaroo Times.] Persons approaching Moonta from Kadina or Wal laroo on Monday. August 7, could easily discern, from the quantity of bunting floating in the breeze, that it was a gala day there. On arriving at the mines it was evi dent great preparations had been made for laying the foundation-stone of the new Wesleyan Chapel. Adjoin ing the present chapel a large marquee had been erected for the tea meeting. Over this a number of ship's flags had been suspended, giving an animated appear ance to the place.. At half-past 1 o'clock the Trustees and a number of friends assembled at the chapel and, headed by tho Moonta Mines Brass Band, proceeded to the site of the new building. Here an immense con course of people had assembled. It was estimated that there could not be less than from 1,000 to 1,200 persons present. A hymn was sung, after which the Rev. C. T. Newman engaged in prayer. The band then performed a piece of sacred music in an excellent manner. The Rev. C Colwell stated that at the unanimous request of the trustees, Captain Hancock had consented to perform the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone, before which he would ask the Secretary of the Trust, Mr. Thomas Davis, to read a copy of the contents of the bottle to be placed under the stone. Mr; Davis stated that the bottle contained a copy of the Wallaroo Times, Register, and Express newspapers, a preacher's plan, and a document of which the following is a copy : —'Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, Moonta Mines. The foundation-stone of this chapel was laid on the 7th August, 1865. by B. R. Hancock. Esq., manager of the Moonta and Yelta Mines ; being in the 28th year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir Dominick Daly, Governor of Colony. President of the British Conference, the Rev. George Osborne, D.D: President of the Australasian Conference, Rev. J. S Waugh; Chairman of the. District, Rev. John Watsford; Ministers of .the Circuit, Rev. C. Colwell, Superin tendent, and C. T. Newman ; Leaders in Moonta, 13 in number: Trustees of Chapel. 29 in number'.". Capt. Hancock then placed the bottle in the cavity made for it, and with the ease and grace of a "Master Mason", used the trowel in spreading the mortar. The stone being lowered, and the plummet applied, he declared it duly laid, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The ceremony being concluded, he stood on the stone, and expressed his gratification at seeing so many present, which evidenced the interest they felt in the work. That they needecl a karger chapel had Iong been demonstrated, but for a considerable period difficulties over which they had no control had prevented them building. Now he rejoiced that those difficulties had been overcome, and he hoped that the work, would be carried on to a successful completion. The Band then played in an excellent manner, the ' Hallelujah Chorus' The Rev. C Colwell addressed the company, express ing the pleasure he felt at being present, stated that although sickness had prevented him being present at the various trustee meetings, yet he took a deep and lively interest in all their movements. When his col- league had informed him of their liberality and enter prise it filled his heart with joyous emotions, and he rejoiced at the favorable auspices under which the work was commenced. In such a company as the present it was unnecessary for him to give a lengthened exposition of their doctrine. However, the leading truths which would be proclaimed there may be spoken of as the three great R's— Ruin by Sin, Redemption by Jesus Christ, and Regeneration by the Holy Ghost. He trusted that the building would be erected without accident, and that God's blessing would crown their labors. Over £16 were laid on the stone. After singing the doxology, and pronouncing the benediction, the company, headed by the band, repaired to the chapel for tea. In arriving tnere the tables were soon filled, and the ladies' energies called into active exercise. The proceeds for the tea alone amounted to the extraordinary sum of £54, the largest amount, we believe, ever received at any tea-meeting in the colony. As soon as the tables could be cleared, the public meeting was commenced in the marquee by singing and prayer. Captain Hancock, on taking the chair, in an effective speech detailed the circumstances which led to that day's proceedings. He said no one who saw their con gregation could for a moment doubt the necessity for in creased accommodation. At present the people were packed like herrings in a barrel. Some might ask why the work was not commenced before. He would reply because they could not possibly do so, inasmuch as it was mineral lease land, and the permission of the Govern ment and mine lessees had to be obtained first. In securing this many difficulties had arisen, and it was mainly through the exertions of their hon. member, Mr. J. Hart, that they had succeeded. He rejoiced at the success which had already attended the movement, and admired tbe liberality of the people. Still much remained to be done, and it was thought advisable at the present meeting to take the money matters first and the speeches afterwards. The Rev. Mr. Newman stated that the amount ot the present contract was £1,062, which was for building only, and the estimate for internal fittings was £300 more. To meet this they had subscriptions promised to the amount of £653. Thus it would be seen that hand some as the subscription-list was, a large sum yet re mained to be collected. He hoped that before the meeting was over the amount would stand at £900. The Chairman said the list was now open, and he hoped they would speedily respond ; this was done nobly, and after wards a collection was made. Mr. Jolly, the Treasurer of the Trust, stated that he had recently received £10, from the Mines' Union, which was formed during the late strike; but was now broken up. He was also informed that the same amount had been given to the other chapels in course of erec tion. Dr. Wilkinson next addressed the meeting in elo quent terms. He spoke of the greatness of the work in which they were engaged, of the benefit.it would confer, the advantages of Methodism, the zeal and energy which characterized Cornish Methodists and on the importance of all their efforts being done with the idea of promoting the Redeemer's Kingdom. Mr. Martin Edwards spoke of the pleasure he felt in being present, and referred to the prosperous state of the Church among them, of the great end of their organization— the dissemination of Gospel truths. He wished them every success. Mr. Jolly expressed the joyous emotions which thrilled his heart at the success of the undertaking and the prospect of soon having a commodious house of prayer in which to worship God, the benefit of which would never fully be known in this world. Mr. Richards spoke of the House of God and its requirements. It was announced that the proceeds of the day's services amounted to about £170. Captain Osborne moved, and Mr. T. Roberts seconded, a vote of thanks to the ladies and the band, which was carried with acclamation. A vote of thanks to the Chairman and the benedic tion brought to a close the largest and one of the most successful meetings ever held on the Peninsula. We subjoin a brief description of the building, which will be 75 feet by 45 in the clear. It is of Gothic design, and will be built of stone, with brick quoins and arches, and roofed with galvanized iron. The floor will have an incline of about two feet in the entire length. We believe it will be the largest chapel out of Adelaide, it being estimated to hold 750 persons. Mr. F. May is the. architect, and Mr. S. Rossiter the builder. It will be completed in the early part of November, and the Rev. W. Taylor is expected to preach the opening sermons. We have heard of several letters from- the Far North, bearing out the statement that the- drought still countinued in that country, and that the weather was becoming warmer. The abandonment ? of the runs now seems imminent, and in fact 'we know of more than one instance where arrangementsVlave been or are about to be made for removing the whole of the stock remaining to a more congenial country, and leaving only one or two men on the stations to prevent the houses, huts, and wells going altogether into disrepair. v- i;- ? - The^ Wallaroo Times, of the 16th instant^'tves the following as the ratns of wages payable oh the 'Penin- . sula :— Miners, 45s* per week; carpenters, 10s. to lls. per diem ; masons, lls. to 12s. ditto ; plasterers, lls. to 12s. ditto; laborers, 7s. ditto;' ^nar rymen, 8a. ditto ; lumpers, 83. ditto. Cartage of ore from Moonta, Telte, and Karkarilla Jliries, per ton of 21 cwt, 14s. Cartage of stores to the above 'mines, per ton of 20 cwt., 15s. We hear that Mr. Fitzgerald, of the Treasury, has been promoted to the office of the late Mr. C. Mac dermott* in the Fublio Works department. , . :, _, 