JILK mLBOURXi: i>COt r.JI COLLLCri. .."SPEECH DAY." The annual distribution of prizes and « Spcijcb in connexion with the Scotch College, took place fin Tuesday ifternoon, atSt George's' jiall. The boys attending tlio colleje ' were arranged on the platform, nud the body of the lia'.l was crawled with tho parents and frionds of tin fcholais, and other Lidice and gentlemen interested in the progress; of the institution. j{is excellency the Governor occupied tho c!:a:r. The proceedings were commenced by the E!t!K'"K of ths National Anthem by tilts boys, after which the li- v. J, Xi-h, moderator of.the J'resbyttrijn, Church of Yistoria, ofiered Tip jiisyer. - 'itD "speeches," which included' extracts both n proso and poetry. wor? then delivered by the boys, ana their clociiiiopary efforts were warmly applauded. Thej' were iutorep rsed by a few musical selections, which were siiiig. by tlic whole of tho hoys, under the direction of 3Ir. J. Ilnssell, the music teachor. The pro gramme was as follows : Taylor, A.-" Voice of Spring-,"-Mrs. Heiuans. ?\Yiiiiige, G.-Lucy Gray;"-Wonlsworth. Swp.il-Daniel O'Connell's Invective against Dis raeli. Hound, in three parts, " Come, Follow," &c.; liatteii-"Tlic I'ox and the Crow,"-Smith. , Millard-Lord Chatham against Slavery. Harrison-" The Slave's Bream,-Longfellow. Casablanca,"-Mre. Hctnnns. Clioralc-'. Now I1 rav we for our Country." ' . Moore, M.-"Maiy's Ghost,"-T. Hood. Tunituill.-" To-day and To-morrow." jr.I-eimnn-Uroiigham in defence of Queen Caroline. llouui-" Hail to the Month." , Tlumipson-" Llewellyn's Dojr,"-Spenser. ? Jfcansay-:Extract from " Tlie T;isk,-Cotvpcr. : ^Yriirkt-" The Arab's Farewell to his Steed," Mis. Norton. . - : Goodliind-'. Bridge of Sighs,"-Hood. " Whether you "Whisper Low." - The programme was divided into two parts; and in tho intfrval, ' Mr A. Morrison, the principal of tho col lege, read his annual report. It stated that; acting upon a Bugges'ion contained in the re port of the Iloyal commissioners on the public » schools of England, he had this year added mufic to the usual course of study, open to all the pupils of the college, without extra fee. After mentioning that the staff of masters was never more efficient than at present, and re ferring to the changes which had taken place in the staff during the year, Mr Morrison said-"In reviewing the work done during the year, I feel satisfied that much real pro gress has been made, and that wo ars gradu ally surmounting the difficulties with which we have hithetto had to contend. In tlio higher classes there 13 no better test than the University exa-nina'ions, and here our stu dents are again to be found in the foremost rants. At the November matriculation examination there were in all fifty can . didates. of whom only twenty-nine passed. The sis we sent tip all passed-Butler in nine subjects, with credit in five; "Wilkie and "Wil , eon in eight; Curtain in saveu; Pinnotk and . Colics in sis. For the last threo years, the only candidates who passed in nine subjects were from the Scotch College; Roche having attained that honor in 1S63, Taylor in 18G4, and I am now happy to add the ramo of But ler for 1SG5. In that time we have sent up in all twenty candidates, eighteen of whom passed at the first trial, the two rejected ones having failed in only one 01" the sis required subjects. One of them, Batten, passed subsequently at the February fsatnir.ation, and at the end of his first year carried honors in classics. At tlio matriculation examination in February last, F.irker carried the exhibition in history, physical geography, English, and French; and at the end of his first year, the classical exhibi tion was carried by Harper, an old Scotch College pupil, while Hood, another old pupil, came in for Bfcond-clafs honors. In all the oilier classes the work has been tested by regu lar quarterly examinations, and the contest for prizes has been lceen and , wide-spread. These have been, as formerly, decided by markings kept during the year, and by written examinations: The attendance continues rrgular and steady, with a slight increase-the average number during the past year lmvitig been in the junior depart ment between thirty and forty, and in the senior 200." His Excellency the Governor then distri buted the prizes to the boys who had chiefly distinguished themselves at the recent exami nation. The prizes consisted of classic*], biographical, scientific, historical, and other works, each volume being handsomely hound in celt, and bearing the college seal and Btalnp, with the motto-'" Deo et Leteris." This portion of the proceedings being con cluded, a cordial vote of thanks was, on the motion of the Mayor of Melbourne, given to: His Excellency for presiding. His Excellency acknowledged tho com pliment, and congratulated the parents and frisnds of the pupils attending the Scotch College upon the abundant proofB which the boya had that day given of the talents which they possessed. Mere recitation was not of, itsrif any proof of the educational advancement which the boys had made ; but yet it was some evidence of their general intelligence, aptness, ana capability for acquiring knowledge. (Applause) Mr Morrison had alluded in his report to the number of pupils who had passed the matriculation examination at the Univer sity. Ho (Sir Charles Darling) believed that it was not so generally known as it ought to be, tuat the passing of an examination at the ^university of Melbourne implied a greater degree of proficiency in the branchosof learning which were thesubject of the examination than was implied by the passing of a corresponding examination at most of the universities in the Umted_ Kingdom. There were one or two Universities in the United Kingdom which professed to require the students applying to pass the matriculation examination, to answer equally severe and stringent questions ; but, in practice, it turned out that they were not able to get answers to those questions. Instead of sending the students back, as was done at the University of Melbourne, under such cir cumstances, and receiving them when they qualified themselves to pass the examination, they were obliged to receive them without passing the examination. He would not mention names, because he might get into 8 serious scrape if he were to do so. In some quarters in this colony there was u feeling in favour of reducing the severity of the examinations at the Melbourne Uni versity. As they were aware, Her Majesty had- been, pleased to declare that graduatfp and members of the University of Mel bourne should take equal rank with the graduates and-members of the universities cf the mother-countiy; but he need hardly say that not even her Majesty's command-that no Royal bebest or law- was sufficient to insure the graduates and members of the Melbourne Univereity holding the Bitne honour amongst literary and scientific men as these belonging to other universities. That could only be in sured by the knowledge that their position hid beer, fairly and honestly earned by the necessary Study and acquirements. lie, therefore, did not hesitate to express bis opinion that on no account ought an attempt to be made to reduce the Standard of education at the University of lleloourne. Indeed, as Governor, he was pro hibited from giving his assent, in his capacity cf visitor to the University, to any statute by which the standard of education would be lowered. He hoped that the standard cf all educational establishments of tlie colony-of Which the University was the head-would be improved and raisol-that to be a graduate of the University cf Melbourne would be to stand high in the estimation of men of literature and science throughout'the world, not a? a mer order or form, but from actual intellectual ac quirements. (Applause.) He was glad to bbir, from the report of the principil of the Scotch College, of the meritorious conduct of the boys during the past year. He hoped "that they would eojoy the approaching Christmas vaca'. tion as a period of rel axation and recreation, tearing in mind the maxim, mem Sana in cor poi'csano; and that they would apply them selves with renewed diligence to their studicsj ona that their pursuits and vocations in after tile would be crowned with thejtuccess wh'ch My deserved. (Applause.) lie sincerely wished Mem fill-parents, friends, and scholars-a j^JYChristtriahanda.happy NowYear. (Loud " Hu\e Brittsnia " was heartily snDg by the °°yai an! the benediction was afterwards pro ounce,] by the moderator of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria. , ~^!s Excellency then took his departure,, as e had entered the lisll, amidst the vociferous eers of the boys, and the proceedings ter minated.-Argus. " \ b Dsath I'EOjr OflEstTV.-A woman named ?T~?n» wife of a comfortable farmer, living "Jtilmastulla, in this county, died a few days .6° from obesity. Mrs Hogan, in her youth, "howedeympf6mia of attaining more than or pmary . proportions, and Bhe continued to J°er®BBe in size until, at the time of her death, sue had reached the extraordinary weitjlit of lorty-eieht stone, :? She was for the last few Jears of her life scarcely able to walk, and for some time past entirely confined to her bed. r-Clare Journal. The manner, in which tbf-y weigh n bog ou . .Hjs 8?id7 is to put the hog in one soiie «?»i.80Te stones: in the other, and then guees *! '1|e weight of the stones,[ 