VINES AND VINE-GROWERS IN OLD LANDS.*,. /' Nemo' in the Australasian.) It i6 unfortunately only too true a saying that one [ half of the world does not know how the other half lives, and it is true of other lives than.of great cities alone. The gulf between rich and poor is nothing to the vast interspace between the producers of one countiy and the consumers 'of ^anoflier. 'The Irish of the olden time who rcspectedithe fig as ' the gentle man that pays the rint, nejitjridreamed of tasting him in the shape of pork, and musfcbave had curious ideas of the anDetitos and means fir theSaxon eaters. The good old lady imbibing bohea-Jn a select village circle would be rather astonished by a sadden interview ?with John Chinaman's family who had grown it for her. Stranger still the contrast between the privileged men of nobility and purse, who sip the cham pagne, burgundy, lafitte, and tokay, and the over- roasted snipes of peasants who work from five years old to threescore to rear the said wines out of blazing soil. The men who drink the wine and the men who make it luiow as much of each other as if they lived in separate planets, and have as little curiosity for mutual knowledge. Yet they might do worse than inter change a few notions ; they might each learn' a thing or two, and if it did not pull the rich man down, it might help to pull the poor man up ; of sooth, he wants it sorely. Life among the vines to those who have to live out of tho vines is no joke. I take it, more nonsense has been talked, among Englishmen at least, about vines and wine than any other subject, even politics. We have had, it is true, the speeches of senates and parliaments for the last two hundred yean ; but on the other hand have we not had Exeter Hall J The juice of the beautiM tree which Isaiah sang and Our Saviour blessed is an abomination and a de solation, a howling, and a curse to many thou sands of very worthy and particularly obtuse individuals. The common notion, on the other hand — I do not say among colonists, for we are beginning all to know something more or less about them, but among - the stay-at-home English — is about as un founded. Grapes to them are the grapes of Covent Garden; vineyards are. long alcoves of green rosfed over, mile upon mile, with pendant clusters of grapes, and rignerons are picturesque groups of dark-eyed maidehs in coquettish straw hats and short petticoats, who are everlastingly billing, cooing, or dancing with romantic corsair-like youths in particoloured tunics. Here and there, and for a week or two, the notion verges on truth. The Italians, who do not as a rule, except in the north, trouble themselves much about anything, make very bad wine, but grow very good grapes ; and their vineyards are really poetical, though the produce is dubious. It is a great fact to turn in out of the blazing sunshine into the cool vistas of the vines, and bask in the green twilight as in the aisles of a natural cathedral. It is a greater to see a Roman or Neapolitan vintage, where from the large-eyed oxen which draw the car (the same beautiful cattle bythe by, from which Homer gives to his goddess what must seem to northern readers the queer epithet of the cow-eyed) to the heaped-up fruit which clusters it, and the joyous group that with song and timbrel dances round it, the whole cortcgc seems as if it had stepped out of a feast of the Bacchantes two thousand years ago. But then your Italian is not a vine grower by profession, and a wine-maker in a very small sense. He is a man of many small industries, so far as he condescends to be industrious, and cares greatly more about maize than vines, and about silk more than either of them. If his wine is good, it is by an accident. He makes it to drink, not to sell. Little Italian wine crosses the Alps. Some of it is good. LachijiniL' Christi, profanely so called, which prows only on the volcanic slopes ' of v , is superbly good, but porten lausiy dear. There is a first-class Tuscan wine, Monte pulciano, strong, clear, and lasting, of great body and bouquet, which would be first-rate, if the gentlemen and ladies who dance in the tubs to crush the juice out of the grapes would wash their feet first. Piedmont has another wine, Vino d'Asti, good as champagne, and better, with an effervescent cream at the top, and a rich purple body below, which would be an immense favourite everywhere, could it be got at ; but it cannot stand a voyage. The old Roman wines, the Falernian, Massican, and Caecuban, of which Horace and Virgil sang so copiously and fervently, are still to be had in places. Mr. Bauer, the excellent landlord of the Black Bear at Augsburg, who boasts of possessing the most extended collection, if not the greatest quantity, of wines in Europe, hav ing all kindB in his cellars, has, among the rest, some tolerable Falernian, which he pledges himself to be genuine. Horace calls it divine. I should call it average sherry, with a strong infusion of treacle, and a suspicion of tar. The Greek wines, the children, as in Italy, of magnificent vines, all taste of tar, and are to an Englishman thorough temperance drinks. The case is the same everywhere. The vintage bowers of song go with good grapes and bad wines ; the merry vintager of poets and painters may be good to talk with, but dangerous to drink 'with. Good wine comes from thought and hard work, and the real grower of good qualities, on the average, is an over -worked and care laden man. Perhaps the greatest sham in all these matters is the Rhineland. It is the region pre-eminently of song and legends, barons and old hock, if not so at first, the poets have, at any rate made it so. But, to come to fact, there are very few of the many hundreds of thousands of travellers who annually steam up and down the Rhine but, if they confess the truth, would be inclined to put down the Right Honourable George Noel Gordon, Lord Byron, as an arch-impostor — so far, at least, as the Rhineland goes. It is a pitiable sight to see the papas and mamas trying hard to be sentimental and romantic about the historic crags and crumbling ruins, and at last honestly subsiding into cutlets and claret. Young ladies with their sketchbooks get on better, as there are plenty of impressible young gentlemen to escprt them ; and a ramble about an old castle gives better opportunities for flirting even than apicnic. Butninety nine out of a hundred race through the classic region as fast as they may, and are only too grateful to the new railroad for taking them out of it. ByTon brought about a great deal of this disappointed feel ing by his exaggeration. ' The castled crags ' and walls ' where ruin greenly dwells,' are still there, more or less, but a great deal of the rest only existed in the noble poet's fancy — or, in rough language, the writer lies. The smiling peasant gins, with deep blue eyes, and hands that offer early flowers, never lived out of dream land. A blue-eyed girl hardly exists on the Rhine, where the eyes are all black or brown ; the woman kind have copper skins tough as wash-leather, and leg6 like balusters ; their garb is one of rags and patches ; and though they certainly offer flowers, they always expect a shilling for a penny's worth, and are powerful in language when refused. The hawks and vultures circling the mountain tops have long ago vanished, to give way to the vultures of the hotels and that choice specimen of the Affable Hawk, a courier and guide, who will show you everything for a consideration, and always comes with the best of recommendations. Still, when the ' Childe Harold ' WUb* WTtUeu, lllllige in soma rAnpoot boro out Aft elo quent description, and the old dreams of romance fingered about the mediaeval river. The shriek of the locomotive and pant of the steam engine were then unknown; the traveller drifted lazily down the current, seeing reach after reach opening and receding in mimic panoramas, with the primitive villages nestling snugly under the shadow of their feudal strongholds, vegetating quietly in utter ignorance of the outer world. It was very easy then to listen comfortably to legends about ghosts and barons, peerless beauties and spectre bridegrooms, demon hunters, gnomes and cobolds, and all the ma chinery of legendary superstition which still lumbers up a genuine German brain. Whi^ian believe in superstition now, seated in the bran-risw.'hGtel, with sodawater, lemonade, and English porte^ticketed on the walls, and waited on by a glib waiter of undeni able Cockneyism ? The age for romance is past, and all that is left of vital interest in the Rhineland is the actual life of its very curious population. 