Mr. ©icliciss on tSie Mews-paper j JPrcss. ' Mr. Dickons presided at the annual dinner of the Newspaper Press Fund, which took place at1 the Freemason's Tavern Loudon, on the 20th. In proposing the toast of tho evening, Mr. Dickens warmly supported the object of tho fund. He said: I think I may say that probably not one single individual in this great company has failed to-day to see a newspaper, or has failed to-day to bear something derived' from a newspaper which was quite unknown to him or to her yes terday. (Hear, hear.) Of all those rpstless crowds that have this day thronged the streots of this enormous city, thesaine may be said as the general gigantic rules. (Hear, hear.) It may be said almost equally of the brighestand the dullest the largest and the least provincial town in the empire, and this observe not only as to the active, the industrious, tho healthy among the popu lation, but also to the bedridden, the idle, the very blind, and the deaf aud dumb. (Hoar, hear.) Now, if the men who provide this all pervading presence, this vVondorful ubiquitous newspaper, with every description of intelligence, or every subject of humane interest, colleoted with immense pains aud immense patience, often by the exorcise of a laboriously acquired faculty, united to a uatural aptitude much of the work done in the night, at the sacrifice of rest and sleep and quite apart from tho mental strain by the constant over-tasking of the two most delicate of the senses, sight and hearing — I say, if the men who, through the newspapers, from day to day, or from night to night, or from week to week, furnish tho public with so much to remember, that ought to be remembered by tho public in return. (Loud cheers.) It would bo absurd, it would be actually impertinent, in such an assembly as this, if I wero to attempt to expatiate upon tho extraordinary combination of re markable qualities involved iu tho produc tion of any newspaper. But assuming the majority of this associated body to bo composed of reporters, because reporters of one kind or other covnpose the majority of the literary staff of almost overy newspaper that is not a coirpillation, 1 would venture to remind you, if I delicately may in the august presence of members of Parliament, how much we, tho publio, owe to the reporters if it were only for theic skill ia the two great scicuces of condensation and rejec- j tion. (Laughter and loud chccring.) Conccivc t what our sufferings, under an Imporial Parlia , mcnt, however popularly constituted, under how ever glorious a constitution, would be if the t reporters could not skip. (Much laughter.) Dr. Johnson, in one of his violent assertions, de clared the ' man who was afraid of anything must bo a scoundrel, sir I' Though admitting that tho man who is afraid of a newspaper will generally be found to bo rather something likoit, I still must freely own that I should approach my parliamentary debates with infinite fear and trembling, if they were so unskilfully served up for my breakfast. Even sinco tho time I when the old man and his son took their donkey homo, which were tho old Greek days, I believe, i and probably ever since the time when the donkey went into the ark — perhaps he did not like his accommodation thorc — but certainly from that time downwards ho lias objected to go in any direction required of him — (laughter) ; — from the remotest period it hac been found impossible to please everybody. (Hear, hear ) This insti tution has been objected to, but the whole circle of arts is pervaded by institutions between which aud this I can descry no difference. It is urged against this particular institution of nil that it is objectionable because a parliamentary reporter, for instance, might report a subscribing M.P. in large and a nou-subsenbing M.P. in little (Laughter.) Now apart from the sweeping na ture of this charge, which it is to be observed, lays the unfortunate M.P, and the unfortunate reporter under pretty much the same suspicion — apart from this consideration, I reply that it is notorious iu all newspaper offices that every such man is reported according to the force and weight of what he has to say. (Cheers.) And if there were ever to bo among its members one so very foolish to his brethern, and so very dis honourable to himself, as venially to abuse his trust, I confidently ask those hero tho most ac quanted with journalism, whether they believe possible that any newspaper so ill conducted as to fail instantly to detect liim could possibly exist as a thriving enterprise for one single twelve month. (Cheers.) No, the blundering stupidity of such a journal w-juld havo no chance against tho acute sagacity of newspaper editors. But I will go further, and submit to you that the offence if it is to he dreaded at all, is far more likely of commission on the part of some receut camp fol lower of a scattered, disunited, and half recog nised body than when there is a public opinion established by the union of all classes of its mem bers for tho common goo J, tho tendency of which union must, in the nature of things, be to raise the lower members of the press towards the higher, and never to bring the higher towards the lower. (Cheers) I am not here advocating the case of a mere ordinary client of whom I have little or no knowledge. I hold a brief for my brothers to night. (Loud} and continued cheer ing.) I went into tho gallery of the IIouso of Commons as a parliamentary reporter when I was a boy not eighteen, and I left it I can hardly beiiove tho inexorable truth — nigh thiity years ago ; and I have pursued the calling of a reporter under circumstances of which many of my brethren at home in England here ; many of my brethren's successors can form no adequate conception, I havo oftc'u transcribed for the printer from ray short hand notes important public speeches, in which the strictest accuracy was required, and a mistake in which , would have been to a young man severely compromising, writing on the palm of my hand by the light of a dark lantern in a post chaise and four, gallop ing through a wild country all through the dead of the night at the then surprising rate of fifteen miles an hour. Tho very last time I was ait Exeter I strolled into the castle yard, there to identify for tho amusement of a friend the spot on which I once ' took' as we used to call it, au election speech of my noble friend Lord Russell iu the midst of a lively fight maintained by all the vagabonds in that division of the country, and under such a pelting rain that I remember two good-natured colleagues who chanced to be at leisure held a pocket-handkerchief over my note, book after the manner of a state canopy in an ecclesiastical procession. (Laughter.) I have worn my knees by writing on them on the old black j row of tho gallery of the old House of Lords, ! .w* ncAil fn hn lnul.llArl lijfA msinv shann — flaughter) — kept in waiting till tho woolsack might vaut re-stuffing. (A laugh ) Returning home from excited political meetings in the country, to the waiting press in London, I do verily believe I have bean upset in almost every kiad of vehicle known in this country. (A laugh.) I have been belated on miry by-roads towards the small hours, -40 or 50 miles from Loudon, in a rickety carriage, with exhausted horses and drunken postboys, and have got back in time be fore publication, to be received with never for gotten compliments by Mr. Black, in ths broadest of hearts I ever knew. Ladies and gentlemen, I mention these trivial things as an assurance to you that I never have forgotten tho fascination of that old pursuit. (Clioers.) The pleasure that 1 used to feel in the rapidity and dexterity of its exercise has never faded out of my breast. What ever little cunning of hand or head I took to it, or acquired in it I have so retained as that I fully believo I could resume it to-morrow. (Cheers.) To this present year of my life, when I sit in this hall, or where not, hearing a dull speech — the phe nomenon does occur — (laughter) — I sometimes beguile the tedium of tho moment, by mentally following the speaker in the old, old way ; and sometimes, if you can believo me I even find my hand going on tho table cloth. (Laughter.) In the course of tho evening, subscriptions were announced, o mounting in tho wholo to about £1200, ? : ? ? ? ? Hints for the Daigiy. — The following is an abridgement of tho remarks by ' A Gloucester Dairy woman' with reference to tho work of 'May: — The work of the dairy can now be con ducted with regularity. The calves not being oxpected to interfere with it, as in all well regu lated dairies they aro now old enough to do without much milk, and tho cows having tho advantage of pasturage, tho cheeso is expected in this month to be of prime quality. If any of tho cows should be late calving, their milk should not be used for oheese for at least a fortnight, now milk always having a tcnd^T?^! heave. Cheeso is now mado twice » , ' cheeses passes through three 7 ^ll advancing a step in their profire-8 at or making, till at last, in L ot C como out of tho presses, and aro m,t 1 shelves. They are generally after thoy are made, though this is dona 6 at tho end of 12 hours; the cheeso arte/,?! returned to tho vats and put under tl,! ' 3 care being always taken, according »0 J'!'' | been saul, to put the newest cheese lowea * I press, and the oldest uppermost Thpi- r which drops from it when in the last ptcss i? P it is taken out and placed on the shelve, i, I ing, is quite clear; the quantity is Sffln„ 7 |j ought to bo put into tho rennet jar perhans I two _or tUro. „hiol, upfcj.jj and is thought an improvement to the CW I \\\ hen the cheeses are taken from tlio J I presses they are put on shelves in tho duirv | 3* 1 day or two, where they aro turned once inL°! 8 II hours They are then taken te the ckcseS I to make way for the new ones. In ^ room they are turned once every day Iff 11 general once a month- or less in dry L|, ii from the time they aro taken out of the vat tl l! are ready for scraping. This ia 1 with a common knife, first moisten^ , | cheese with a wot flannel, and must be dc ! S carefully all over the cheese, so as to M |j off the roughness that may bo left upon it 11 tho cloth or any other cause, leaving it „ui, ft smooth on the surface and sharp at the ® the sooner this can be deno the better. In orfe1 H to get cheese into a state of ftrwnr-i--, fot Kj factor, it wiironly require w:'' lee- K and an inch within them ... M ? , , , . ''-Jt 'iii El scraping; and it Bhould t- _.aea over Mcea W week, or even oftener in damp weather. Caro n ' should be taken to allow the blue coat to remaia M on tho top of the cheese ; this blue coat is m. §j sidered a sign' of richness by tlio factors, In B sr.mo districts it is customary to paint tlio oat. B side of the cheese with Iudiun red; this should 1! be mixed with warm wator to a thin paste, and H rubbed on with a piece of flannel, and should bo ® done immediately after the cheese is Ecraped, te. | foe any grease arises upon it, and the same ties. 8 ment should be adopted as if not paintcu. Ij 1 ' most cases it is better to postpone maViug thick 1 c'lecses, which neigh about four or five to the cm 1 till at least the month of Juuc. — Agricultural « Gazette. 1 Dog and Cat.— Canine affection for tlic'pie- ?' solvation of life will be illustrate* by the follow. I ing remarkable incident: — About twelve o'clock K oil Saturday last some mischievous boys threir H' over the Maida-hill bridge, ICilbiirn-road a largo 1 black cat, evidently with the intention of drown. ? ing it. The cat, with as many lives as is tradi- I liowilly reputed to have, struggled hard for life, ?; and for some minutes endeavored to keep its Iread ? above wa^er ; however, whon Puss was about to 1 give up the ghost a gentleman happened to pass. ? with a good-sized terrier dog, and at once directed. S the dogs attention to the difficulty of poorPuas* e the gallant terrier at once dashed in aud swam to' 1 tho rescuo, Dut his friendly efforts were met with B such 'clawish' embracements, that soveral times. H he was obliged to retire. At length, after watch- 1 iug his opportunity, lie seized the cat by tho thus B of the tail, and, amidst the cheers of the by- n standers, brought Puss ashore. A case of this- ffi kind is probably not on record. — Field , May 20.. B Selling a Lawyer. — Mr. Bethel, an Irish, II barrister, when the question of the Union was iu. El debate, like other junior barristers, published a. K pamphlet on tho subject. Mr. Lysaght met this. B pamphleteer in the hall of the Four Courts, and,. iu a friendly way, said, ' Zounds, Bethel, I won- §3 der you never told me you had published a pam phlot on the Union. The one I saw contained; if some of the best things I have seen in any pam- §| phlct on tho subject.' 'lam very proud you If think so,' said the delighted author; ''and pray B| what are the things that pleaso you so much E ' Why,' replied Lysaght, ' as I passed by a If pastry-cook's shop, I saw a girl como out with If three mince-pies wrapped up in one of your H works.' H Heart and Beain. — In somo of the lowest' types no trace tf a nervous mechanism can be, discovered. A little higher in the scalo the mechanism is very slight and simple. Still higher it becomes complex and important. It culminates in many. Corresponding with this, scale of complexity in the sensitive life is the scale of Complexity in the nutritive life. As the two riso in importance they rise, in the scale of dependence. Thus a frog or a triton will live long after its brain is removed. I have- kept frogs for several weeks without their brains, and* tritons without their heads. Redi, the illustrious Italian naturalist, kept a turtle alive five months after the removal of its brain.' Now it is need less to say that in higher animals death would rapidly follow the loss of the brain. A some- ' what similar parallelism is seen on the removal I of the heart. None of tho higher animals can survive a serious injury to the hoart; but that organ may be ro.noved from | a reptile, and tho animal will orawl away ' seemingly as lively as ever. A frog will life several hours without a heart, and will hop, swim, and struggle us if uninjured. Stilling onco removed all tho viscera from a frog, which, how over. conf'nued for ono hour to hop, defend it self, and iu various ways manifest its vivacity. — ' The Heart and the Brain,' in the Fortnightly Review. The elder Matthews ono day arrived at a for lorn country inn, and addressing a lugubrious waiter, inquired if he could havo a chicken and an asparagus. The mysterious serving-man shook his head. 'Can I liavo a duck then?' 'No : sir.' 'Havo you any mutton chops?' 'Not one, sir.' ' Then, as you have got no eatables, bring me 'something to drink. Have you any spirits?' ' Sir,' replied the man, with a pro found sigh, ' we are' out of spirits.'' ' Then, in wonder's namo, what have you got in the house? .' An execution, sir, !' Printed and Published by Thomas Garuktt, far^ the Proprietors, Thomas Garrett aud AncuiBAlD CJAMPUELr,, at ' The Illawaiuia Meiiochy' General Letter Press Printing Office, corner of tho Markot square, Wollongong, Illawarra, ou Fi'iday- August 11th, 18G5. 