EFFECTS OF THE WAR IN THE STATES. The negro question is increasing in perplexity owing to tbe frequent conflicts between the whites and tbe blacks. Tbe New York correspondent of a London contemporary gives a fearful picture of tbe condi tion of the unfortunate negroes, so lately and with so much suddenness taken from a state of slavery and cast upon the world without any pre paration for freedom, beyond tbe most exaggerat ed notions of its privileges and advantages. They are dying by thousands of starvation, disease, and tbe brutality of tbe Northern soldiery, who appear to look upon them as legitimate objects of attack on every favourable occasion. Tbe rem nant of Southern employers have no longer the means of providing for the wants of their lately- liberated slaves on any condition, being ruined by tbe war, the 20,000 dol. amnesty of President Johnson, and tbe opposition of Northern satraps to any reorganisation of society in tbe South. Great fears are eutertained that this state of things will shortly result in an uprising of tbe black race, and, at least, an attempt at repeating tbe outrages of which St. Domingo was once tbe scene. The negroes in West Tennessee .were deserting their late owners and collecting in large numbers in Memphis. Tho superintendent of tbe freed men in Memphis had notified them to return and seek employment or they will be imprisoned as vagabonds. Generals Gordon Granger, in Texas, and Custer, iu Louisiana, have also notified to the negroes idling about military posts or encamp ments that they will be pressed into tho quarter master's service or imprisoned until employment can be provided for them. The condition of the South cannot be said to be improving. The terrible ravages of the war, being now thoroughly realised, exert a most depressing effect upon the inhabitants; and of the great masses, those who! endeavour to secure more than mero subsistence form exceptions to the general rule. No extensive efforts are as yet being made to restore the ruined cities, towns, and plantations, and the rebuilding of the railroads, where prose cuted at all, progresses but slowly. Along the line of Sherman's march the inhabitants are threatened with starvation, and numerous appeals for relief from less afflicted sections are in circula tion. It is too clear that the great mass of the black population are. not yet prepared for emancipation. How, then, con they, without restriction, he en trusted with political rights ? and what guarantee is there that the men who new oppress them would ! liot Lold them uuder their political iuflueuce ? Thero ure no iuore_Lelplcss and pitiable people undhr tho sun than the liberated slaves of the South. Their troubles are not yet over. A system of free labour is being extensively organ ised, and where it has been cordially adopted one- third more work has been accomplished than under the old rule ; hut in general neither party — neither masters or servants — are yet ready to accept their new relations. General Thomas has been compelled to remove a mayor in Tennessee for ordering or permitting the grossest ill-treat ment of coloured persons, having actually inflict ed twenty-five lashes on one man for attending school. Outrages upon the negro, both in the North and South, have been more frequent, and of worse character, than for years past. There have been street riots and murders; and at Charleston the violent and mutinous conduct of the New York Zouaves, in respect to the black people, wus such that they had to he forcibly dis armed. In North Carolina, also, the payment of wages has been with difficulty enforced. The negroes themselves in many places will not work ; there is much vagabonding and running off no body knows whither. From Kentucky, where the Constitutional amendment is yet in abeyunce, a remarkable exodus is taking place across the Ohio. General Palmer has undertaken to give " passes " to negroes in search of employment ; and many thousands have availed themselves of "9 Perra'ss'on- or a s'n,?'e week more than 2o, 000 of these "slaves" crossed the river! This breaking of old bonds, and dispersion through the country of multitudes untrained and unpro vided, alarms even tho friends of the black. Famine and death are sure to follow on his track, unless speedily arrested. " Freedmen's1 Aid As sociations " are being formed to meet the emer gency ; and considerable sums have already been subscribed in this country, to help iu securing the necessary means. General Sherman, mennwhile, has expressed his opinion that the negroes might be advantageously colonised in Florida, aud allowed a representative in Congress. The Late Mn. Cobdex. — It may be recorded with something like pride, that u private subscrip tion has been started, with a view to a memorial to Mrs. Cobden, which, without one single appeal to the public or to strangers, now exceeds £27, 000. From this it will he seen that the family were quite right in refusing the grant proffered by Government. The gift would have been as much a pension as tho sums paid to in efficient incapables and younger sons for services they never rendered. The present is a sponta neous gift, marking the highest appreciation in the subscribers, and reflecting as much credit aud honour on the recipients as on the donors. A Remarkable Story. — In the steamship Bellona, Captain Dixon, just arrived at New York, were two steerage passengers, concerning tfhom a thrilling incident is related. Franz Meyer, aged twenty-three, and his wife Anna, aged nineteen, from Canton Soleure, Switzerland, were passengers in the ill-fated ship William Nelson, recently destroyed by fire at sea. In the confusion incident to the efforts to save life, the husband and wife were separated. Tho husband was picked dp by one of the ship's boats, which was soon fallen in with by the brig Mercury. The wife, young and encienle, was not discour aged at the uncertainty of her husband's fate, but prepared for her own safety. Self-preservation could not suppress her womanly instincts so far as to ignore the feeble cries for help from an infant only fourteen days old, left to perish by its distracted parents ; but, regardless of her own state, she plunged, with her half-imposed charge, into the sea. For two whole days did this brave young girl support herself and the infant on tho remnant of a ship's spar, without food or water, sustaining the infant's life by the moisture from her own mouth. Late on the second day the same vessel in which her husband was saved, having ceased cruising, without hope of rescuing more life, fell in with this heroine, and saved her and her little charge. Eventually the family were landed at Havre, France. The Prussian Consul at that port took charge of the infant, as its parents were supposed to have been lost with the wreck. Many ladies at Havre interested themselves to enable this brave young creature with her husband, again to venture to cross the Atlantic' in search of a, Western home. Destitute of everything necessary as an outfit, having lost all, the kindness of the ladies at Havre was, doubtless, most acceptable ; and on the Bellona, although poverty was apparent, a remarkable cleanliness in the family was quite noticeable. This heroine of real life, during her recent voyage in the Bellona, gave birth to a child. She is a real object of interest to the benevolent ladies of New York. John Sadleir Again. — The Liverpool cor respondent of the North British Mail relates the following curious story. Some days ago Mr. M , a gentleman well known and extensively engaged in commercial life in the sister islana, arrived in Liverpool to transact business, and stopped at one of the first hotels in tho town, where he had been known for many years. For three or four days he observed that he was fol lowed, and his movements narrowly watched by a strange- looking person, and this rather annoyed Mr. M — -, for go where he would, morning, noon, or night, the individual was either in his wake or by his side. He made several attempts to speuk to the mysterious being, but all to no purpose, as the moment he approached that mo ment the man would disappear round a corner into some passage or public-house, but very soon would reappear beside Mr. M . At last the latter formed a. notion that the mysterious dodger had an intention of robbing him, and a few even ings since, just at dusk, turned sharply on the man, and caught him by the collar, giving him a good shaking, and at the same time insisting on knowing who and what lie was, and what lie wanted. " I am a policeman's assistant," the mysterious stranger replied, " and want you on a charge of forgery." The astonish-, raent of the gentleman may be imagined >hen' tho " policeman's assistant " informed him that he (Mr. M ) was not himself at all, hut the lute John Sadleir, member of Parliament. The denouement is as follows ' The gentleman hap pened to hear a. strong personal likeness to the ex-M.P., and it seems that there happened to be a man in the police force at Liverpool who was well acquainted with Sadleir's appearance, and the sapient " bobby" concluded that Mr. M was the identical " John," and having some dreamy recollection that there was a large reward offered for his arrest, concluded that it would turn out a " good job " to " nab " him. However, as his time was otherwise occupied, he had employed the assistance of his friend, " the policeman's assistant" above alluded to. The assistant, however, being convinced that he had real flesh and blood to contend with, aud not the ghost of John, and that it was likely he would get into trouble, quickly disappeared, aud has not since been heard of. Amongst tho list of honorary doctors' degrees conferred by the University of Vienna at the re cent jubilee, we find the names of Mr. John Stuart Mill, Sir .Lyell, and Sir Roderick Murchison. On his last visit to Ireland, Prince Napoleon met with a major who spoke French, but Whom tho prince, in his simplicity, supposed to be trilking the Irish' tongue. Tho affair happened in Cork. " All I know," said the Prince to his secretary. " was that tho gentleman was not talking French." Tho point of the epigram is, that this gentleman hoid nlways rather " lorded " it over tho other Oorka- gians on nccouct of what he cnlled his French. The Windsor borough police liavo, it is believed, obtained a clue as to the ownership of the clothes which, saturated with blood, were so strangely found under the viaduct of the Great Western Railway. Tho waistcoat and trousers have been recognised by a cabman of Clewer, named Heme, who has informed tho police that they were simi lar to- thoso worn by a Mr. Berrington, who was some little time back a membor of her Majesty's privnto band, and a person well known in Wind sor. It seems that Heme went to Goodwood Rnccs on business, and that while absent from Clewer Mr. Berrington went to reside nt his place. On Heme's return from Goodwood he gave his lodger notice to quit, and Mr. Berrington then loft tho house, and, it is understood, lins not since been seen by his late landlord, or heard of in the neigh bourhood of Windsor. In the meantime, the ques tion as. to whether a serious crime has been com mitted or not must, at tho present stage of the inquiry which is being instituted by Mr. Superin tendent Eager, remnin a mere matter of conjec ture ; and, possibly, if Mr. Berrington is still alive, and has simply taken up his residence elsewhero, tho publication of these facts may remove all doubt upon the subject. While tho sad details of tho Glasgow tragedy were yet in vivid remembrance, and tho nnmo of the monster Pritehard was on all tongues, another medical man was arrested, on a charge of attempt ing to poison a whole family of relatives. Tho case at first sight seemed to b'ear a great similarity to that which had just excited the horror of the public ; though as no victimf actually died, and the direct agency of Sprague, the accused, could not be clearly proved, a lenient view was taken both tyr judge and jury, and an acquittal was pronounc ed. It was quite certain that SpragUe's wife, to gether with Mr. and Mrs. Clialker, her father and mother, were poisoned ; the poison, belladonna, was found in a pie of which they had partaken ; on a search in the surgery, a paper containing atropine was discovered on the top of a cupboard : and a young servant girl deposed that she had heard Mr. Spraguo say that he would not enro if they all were poisoned, and if ho did it himself he should not bo hung because ho hnd been in an asylum. But, on tho other hand, it was shown thnt tho prisoner was absent from homo when tho pie was made, and though ho has access to tho safe where the poisoned beef and rabbit- had been kept for several days, ho had not been seen to go to it. No malico wns alleged to exist between him and any member of tho fumily ; no pecuniary motivo of any strength operated to instigate such a crime ; and Mr. and Airs. Chnlker entirely disbelieved the accusation against their son-in-law. In this failure of evidence to implicate, Air. Sprague escaped. In the ordinary courso of things, here tho matter would have Cndcd, and in a very few weeks the in cident and the man would have faded into oblivion. But ho has perpetratod a deed now whioh will secure him notoriety and enduring infamy. After his trial, his nfedical career being out short at Ash- burton, he left that quiet town, and only a fort night later turned up as assistant to Air. Jenkins, surgeon, in Philpot-iano, City. He had only been in charge two days, in the absonco of his master, when he plans and cxeciites a serious nssnult upon Air. Jenkins's adult servant, with deliberation and heartless ferocity. Drugs and brandy appear to have been employed to enable tho miscreant to effect his purpose. After two examinations, he has been committed for trial. A Female Doctor— A Strange Story.— An incident is just now being discussed in military circles so extraordinary that were not its truth capable of being vouched for by official authority, the narration would certainly be deemed abso lutely incredible. Our officers quartered at the Cape between fifteen and twenty years ago may remember a certain Doctor Barry, attached to the medical staff there, and enjoying a reputation for considerable skill in his profession, especially for firmness, decision, and rapidity in difficult operations. This gentleman had entered the army in 1813, had passed, of course, through the grades of assistant-surgeon and surgeon iu various regiments, and had served as such in various quarters of the globe. His professional acquire ments had procured for him his promotion to the staff at the Cape. He was clever and agreeable, save for the drawback of a most quarrelsome temper, and an inordinate addiction to urgument. lie was excessively plain, of feeble proportions, and laboured nnder the imperfection of a ludic rously squeaking Voice. Any natural " chaffing" regard to these, however, especially roused hi3 ire, but was at length discontinued on his " calling out" a persevering offender, nnd shoot ing him through the lifngs. About 1840 he be came promoted to be medical inspector, and was transferred to Malta. There he was equally dis tinguished by bis skill and by his pugnacious propensities, the latter becoming so inconve niently developed upon the slightest difference of opinion with him, that at last to notice was allowed to he taken of his fits of temper. He proceeded from Malta to Corfu, where he was stationed for many years, still conspicuous for the same peculiarities. When our Government ceded the Ionian Islands to Greece, and our troops, of course, quitted the territory, Dr. Barry elected to leave the army and take up his resi dence for the rest of his days at Corfu. He there died about a month ago, and upon his death was discovered to be a woman! Very probably this discovery was elicited during the natural preparations for interment, but there seems to ho an idea prevalent that either verbally, dui ing the last illness, or by some writing perused immediately after his Jor we must still use the " masculine") death, he had begged to be buried without a post mortem examination of any sort, i This, most likely, only aroused the curiosity of 1 the two nurses who attended him, for it was to them, it appears,, that the disclosure of this mvs- i tery is owing. Under the circumstances, the fact was deemed so important that medical testi mony was called in to report upon and record its truth. By this investigation not only was the assertion placed beyond a doubt, hut it was equally bejtpnr' a doubt brought to light that the individual in question had at some time or an other been a mother 1 This is all that is yet known of this extraordinary story. The motives that occasioned and the time when commenced this singular deception are both shrouded in mystery. Terrible Scene at San Francisco. — A ter rible scene was witnessed at San Francisco, on 7th July. A desperado, named Mulligan, had been drinking hard, and the result apparently wns an attack of delirium tremens. He was stay ing at the St. Francis Hotel, and on tho morning of the 7th he fired from his room into a house opposite, but without injuring anyone. The po lice attempted to enter his room, but it was lock ed and barricaded, and the madman warned them not to force their way in, threatening to shoot the first man who should enter. A good deal of time was spent in parleying with him, and at length, upon an officer attempting to get in from a balcony through the window he was fired upon, and forced to beat a retreat. Mulligan now came upon the balcony, and no one for u time would venture near hiin. At length one M'Nabb, who recently committed a murder, but was pardoned, 'wwcis— — — — — — ascended the stairs. He was fired at by Mtflli- gan and killed. The remainder of tho story is thus told by a local paper: — Jaiiies Keating went upon the roof with a well-known Catholic cler gyman,' and attempted to descend through the skylight, but Mulligan ran into the (bird storey and fired at Keating, barely missing him, and they were compelled to retreat also. Special officer D'ennison at this time got to the head of the stairs with a glass of brandy, which he asked Mulligan to drink, but the latter covered him with liia pistol, and shouting, " Go down there, go down, quick ! for God's sake go down, quick!" &c.;, &c.;, compelled liitn tc retreat, leaving the glass standing on the floor at the head of the stairs- Officers Ellis and Al'Millun also attempt ed to ascend the stairs soon after, but were driven back in the same manner, nnd soon after they started diagonally across the street toward the north-east corner of Dupont and Clay, when Mul ligan, running to a front window, opened it and fired, as is supposed, at them. The ball took effect in the bosom of John Hart, who stood in the crowd, killing him on tho spot. Meantime, Captain Lees had been consulting with District Attorney Porter as to shooting Mulligan, repre senting him truly as a wild beast, whose every minute's existence endangered the lives of peace ful men. Mr. Porter advised the use of every effort to capture him alive, and a delay in resort ing to extreme measures was made accordingly. This delay cost Hart his life. Mulligan had now drank off tho contents of the tumbler of brandy which had been left on the stairs by DenniSon, and Captain Lees resorted to the measilre of mix ing a cocktail with a liquor which would have overpowered and stupified the drinker in a' few minutes, and got to the door at the foot of the stairs with it, urging Mulligan to let him come up. Mulligan, however, was more furious than ever, and a long parley ensued, Mulligan holding the pistol pointed down tho stairway, and calling out, " Go ! go quick, leave there !" &c.;, assuring Lees that he did not wish to kill him, but would do so if he did not get away. Other officers made attempts to get into tho building to capture him, but Mulligan was thoroughly on his guard, and would not be caught unawares. At length, while Lees and others were parleying with him at the bottom of the street, Mulligan stepped quickly to the Clay-street front, through a narrow passage way leading between two rooms to the balcony, and opening the window, was stepping out, with his pistol raised, with the evident intention of fir ing into the crowd again, when officer Hopkins, who stood in the window of the building opposite, seeing that no time was to be lost, raised his musket and fired. The bullet struck Mulligan in the left temple, and he was dead iu an instant. The coroner's jury returned a verdict of " Justi fiable homicide." Extraordinary Odtrage upon a Lady at Bedford. — On Saturday night great excitement prevailed in Bedford, owing to a report being cir culated that a man had entered a house in Vic toria-terrace, and cut off the hair from the head of a lady. The tale was so strange that some refused to believe it, while others were much alarmed at such an occurrence taking place. All doubt, however, as to the truth of the report was removed on Monday by the chief constable, after the usual petty sessions business was finished, stating the circumstance to the magistrate. It appears that about five o'clock on Sunday even ing a man respectably dressed in black wus seen looking in at the fanlight over the door of Captain McCarthy's house, when Mrs. M'Curthy went to him, and he asked her if Captain M'Oarthy was at home. She told him he was, hut he was up stairs, and she proceeded to call him, when the man stated that she would do as well, and she was about entering one of the sitting-rooms with him when he caught hold of her hack hair and with a clasp-knife cut it off and ran away. Mrs. McCarthy was so terrified at seeing the man ap proaching her with a knife in his hand that she fell senseless to the ground, and the fellow escaped before her husband could he made aware of the circumstance. Unfortuuately the lady can only give a very meagre description of tho man, aud, although the police are exerting themselves to discover the scoundrel, up to the present time they have failed to do so. 