T O W N T A L K . The 9th of the present month is the birth day of the Prince of Wales, and it will be kept up in H obart Town at all events as it deserves. Qf course, it will be a general holiday. There will be a special parade of Volunteers in the domaio. A regatta of a model character on the'Derwent, iu wlpch all sorts of races, from the four-oared pulling, to the Donkey race, and prizes will be given for each. Tlie favorite steamer Monarch will also make a pleasure trip to New Norfolk, taking passengers at the extraordinary low rate of three shillings ior the trip. There will be abundant pic nic parlies. In the evening there will be a Dramatic performance at the Theatre Royal, several tea meetings, soirees, assemblies, display of fireworks, fee. Indeed, the day from morn to eve,will be kept op in a manner, allowing that the loyalty of TasmsDians remains of the right eort. The Justices on the Police Roster for Magisterial duties at the Police Court, on Monday, 6th inat, are the Mayor, Alderman Lewis, and Councillor Biltou. A 3 th e talen te d com pany of M . a n d Madame' Slrabnsefl give their first concert in Hobart Town, on Monday evening next, we dlip the following from the ‘ C, Chronicle* ef Wednesday last. Martin and Madame Simonsen are, as has been.well said of them both, genum eartU tes-artlstes by nature and ever enchanted an audience in this hemisphere. T he brilliance of her rendering ” Casta D iva” from Bellini's opera “ Norma” was superb. She revelled in surmounting, with apparent ease, the difficulties of this piece, and the audience made op in some measure lo r their limited number by the enthusiasm of their applause. Mr Martin Simonsett's variations on several English and Irish airs stamped him as a great violinist, but his “ Remembrances of Germany, Oberlander” and his wonderful power as displayed Id the “ Carnival of Venice” with variations. variations, exhibited such excellence in bowing,flngering, modulation and variety of tone as places him high abuve all violinists who have visited “ ‘ it T a ^ e ^ S e ' °f the most talented musical amateurs of Launceston, ^ t h e y are^tm his correct modulation and wonderful m fw itli^ ” t k “ ppa™ni°“rfE S f ptoccThtai high above Miska Hauser, M. Poussard, and M. Heine, the three greatest violinists who have preceded M. Simnnren here The most musical tones of the flute, the piccolo, the clarionet and o her wind instruments are produced a t will by M. Simonsen on the Tiol‘n- R u evinces the true sympathy of a great artist with his instrument, and a t timeB produces the most delicate and tremulous passages without seeming to move his bow. 1 hi’ second pert of tlte concert consisted chiefly of com ic and serio-comic pieces in character. The d u e tt-" Mr and Mrs Brown,” by Madame jSimonsen and Miss Warden, was a moBt amusing little mairimnniai musical sketch. Missi Liddle. sang the seriocomic ballad—“ The Captain anil liis Wliiskera”—in a rich, full voice, brimful ol pathos and tinged v-ith sweet naivete ami comicality; »Dd the comic duett—-Dost tlrou love me sister ;R uth?’’—between Madame Simonsen as the male qusker, and Miss Liddle as sister Ruth (both in character and well got up) formed a pleasant finale to one of the most recherche musical treats we have ever been present a t. Miss Walden prcsiied at the pianoforte most of the evening, and sung Farm er's beautiful ballad—“ I follow thee”__ io a style which elicited general applause. If any doubt was entertained here of the high abilities of the Simonsen’s, it is now thoroughly dissipated. ° A b an instance of the means to be resorted to by the bo called Railwayites in the approaching contest for a member of the Legislative Council, we have been informed on reliable authority that 2000 penny Railway wliisties have been sent for to Sydney, and that 75 per cent discount was to be aBked for purchasing them on account of the extent of the order. Joking apart, however, we believe this has really been done, and that the Electors are to be cajoled into giving their votes on th e Strength of the Railway’s whistle to the “ Railway Candidate.’* If we mistake not we know the Electors of the Upper House too well to think they will allow themselves to be gulled in such a way, and only regret that even a few have allowed themselves to be entrapped by this delusive and clap-trap cry. Tlte Ballot Box will tell a tale th at shall surprise a few over confident prophets. T h e expense an d inconvenience to which suitors at the court may be put through the want of punctuality of their legal advisers was disclosed at the Court of Request, on Thursday last. The case of Jones v Mazengarb was culled on, and Mr Fletcher was in attendance for the plaintiff, defendant was also in attendance, but M r Cansdell, his Attorney, was not, and the case was put off a.id called again a second time. His Honor eaid as the case had been called on a second time he must6trike it out or proceed with it at ouce if defendant chose to conduct his own case. M r-Crisp, amidst the greatest uierri ment in court exclaimed, "D o n ’the vpur own a*v*> «aic ueienaantl Subsequently M r Mazengarb agreed to pay the costs of the day, including witnesses, and the case was made a remaoet. M r Cansdell entered the court about a quarter of an hour after. It has been stated that the soil of the land along the Huon road is not of any value for agricultural purposes, or for the use of gardeners. We are in a position to give this a positive denial, having reliable information as to its productive nature. A bundle of rhubarb,of monster size, was exhibited by Mr Sangwell at the last Horticultural Show, and this was grown on the aide of the new Huon road, in the natural soil there, and Mr Sangwell assures us that no better soil for the growth of vegetables or other productions, is to be found in the island. An incident, abounding in amusement, has been related to n s by a gentleman in 7 u 0:,n «pl.aCe rdia,,ce- R appears that a well-known fisherman in tins city, who has been married for upwards of 40 years, and who boasts that ins partner in life has never with the exception of very few occasions during th at lime enjoyed a Christmas dinner with him, having partaken of it a t Her Majesty s expense in the Factory, was taken very ill and confined to his bed. Not expecting to survive many days, lie sent for a well known philanthropic and charitable bonifacc. and informed him of his condition and the prospects o f ins approaching dissolution, at the same time the thoughtful and departing vendor of fish , expressed an earnest desire that he should be permuted to look uuon the face of Ins partner of 40 years, before lie departed from the world, and said that a difflulty beset liim in doing so, inasmuch as she was a t that time in the Factory, having aix ays of a sentence yet to serve. The ever haritable and worthy boniface promised, if ossible, to obtain a remission of the remainder f the woman's sentence, and for th at purpose astened to the Colonial Secretary’s Office n<1 80 sailsffLfilorilv Hi<2 III. .. _ ' n <1 so satisfactorily did iri8 missiou end, that he was promised tile release of the woman, and was directed to return to tile office a t two oclock. A t the appointed hour, our cnergelic and worthy boniface, bent on Ids missiou of mercy, was wending his way along Murray- Street, in the direction of that office whence was to emanate the order for the release of tlie fishmonger’s partner, when within few yards o f a certain shaving and hatrdress. ing shop, to Ins amazement and consternation, he observed emerge from .’the shop aforesaid the fishmonger eiilier in propria persona or y Ins ghost. Startled beyond measure at the appearance of this spectre in human form. Whom he had but a few short hours previously left apparently ,n the last agonies of approachg dissolution, he ventured to approach him and castigate him; firstly for having left ids bed, and secondly for having caused him to *?„ " T e n t a t i v e of Her Majesty a . j e m accents of sorrow aid he had merely come out to get a shave, and as urged a t oppe tq take a cab and bpt away ome, winch lie did, and in the meantime his artner was released from durance vilei^ ■ Cricket.—The opening matoh of the season will come off on tlie S. T. O. Ground to-day, in tile shape of a match between an eleven of the Derwent Club, and eleven o f tlie Am ateur Bell Ringers; wickets lo be pitched at half.past one. The following are ten of Derwent and eleven of tlie Bell Btogers Derwent: Messrs A . K. Chapman, Geo Davies. G. Gibson R. J . Groves, E . C. O. Howard, Joseph Hutchinson, J . W . Perrv T h o * B e » R h ? ' rU' I8 " " " ’ I " 11 T ’ W hite8id^ 1 he Bell Ringers eleven : Messrs T Hoir* Bock. O. Brown. W Gill, C. Hardiuge, m ! Mil ward, Garrett, J. Betts, F, Carandiui F Peddcr, and T . Sheehy, 1 ' a^teu^ on contractors o the fact th at all Tenders for olearing tor he leoond section of the New Huoo Roa4 most be forwarded to u >.,• Office on or b e f o r e , Work» 17 ' Of road for the P ort Cygn.-t Trfm i™ 6 Hne Dover and Walpole TromwaJ Huon District Tramway has X ’extenrtJhe Thursday the 9th November it^t. t ded 10 nf S ’ a district meeting of Ins friends and supporters at the Median! J Institute last night. I f waa tolerablv llu attended. The Candidate addresaed th m eetm gat some length, and was followed bv other apeakers; and the usual vo:e that he w.a a fit and proper person to represent tha diBinci was of course carried. 1110 We beg to draw th e attention of all persons entitled to vote for membereof nar liament whose names are not on the electoral roll for the District id which they claim to vote, or w hose names sre on the roll an I have not the same qualification, or do not continue in the same place of abode as described to such roll, and who wish to have their name, placed on the electoral roll, that they nt0[t be forwarded to the several returning officer, of tlte electoral districts of tlte colour in respect of which thev ci,j ’ tovote, on or before Friday, the 24th tost or notice io writing, signed by t|lr,m' at full length , with their * of abode, and the particulars of their qunlidcaliun. O n reference to our advertising columns our readers will sec the proper form of notice of claim. T he w e ath er yesterday was delightfully genial. The pleasant warmth wa. tempered by a gentle b rieze, Tile sky’ was Helton in brightness. W ould that the maeni. fienoe of our Tasmanian climate could but prove attractive to the seekers after lienltli resident in the neighbouring colonies. A sad and fa ta l accident occurred at Kingsborougb Ford on Saturday morning Which evidences the necessity of providing' bridges across the narrow , though fiercely flowing streams in the north. A farmer named Strawberry, o f the Ranges and Kentish l’lains, was driving a beast acres the ford, and getting in to deep water, both rider and horse were suddenly out of sight. The horse came to the top again, and the" beast succeeded in gaining the opposite bank but alas ! the body of tlte unfortunate rider was' only found the following day. An inquest was held at M r Spicer’s Elizabeth Town and the usual verdict in bucIi cases returned! Mr Strawberry leaves a large and interesting’ family to deplore his loss, hut they are partially provided for. This accident occurred a t the Mersey crossing place to tho Kentish, close to the site of the Tramway bridge about to be built, however, you are aware a bridge o f that sort will be no remedy for the evil complained of, and which has been attended already by so many fatal resuits. Our correspondent is of opinion that bridges across tlte torrent should be a primary object, before roads; as he knows, by experience, the most-powerful swimmersstaud little chance in those swift streams, full of undertow and whirlpools, as well assnsgs. Del Sarte’s Rooms will, on Tuesday evening next, be the scene of a grand tea meeting, and Ethiopeau Entertainment, to wind up with a Dancing Assembly. The whole under th e patronage of the Manchester Unity. The te a will be on the table at G'30 o’clock, and th e music fo r the Assembly will be furnished by Mesers Dentitb and Gagliardi’s band. Further particulars will be seen in the Advertisement. A num ber o f R eckabites w ith their families proceeded on a pleasure excursion yesterday evening to Kangaroo Point, iu four boats, attended by their band, the music of which sounded most pleasingly bb borne ou the still air of the evening. W e understand that the trip wasio m eet the Recliabites of the Point, and pass a social eveoing. Tile night was admirably suited for the excursion, beiog quite still and fine, a cloudless sky, and a full moon. A t a recent meeting o f the Dublin Corro —lion to address the Prince of Wales on me birr.li nf a .on. A town councillor objected to thcexpeubc—wtien the Lord Mayor (Barrington) said—be would pay it himself ! Alderman Mackay bad been unanimously elected Lord M ayer of Dnblin for 1866. 