THE PATIENTS IN THE HOSPIT L.ALr.-We are happy to state that both Mr. Townsend who had his leg taken off, and AMr. O'Don nell, who met with an accident-at Rush worth, are progressing favorably. HEA.THCOTE CONCERT HALL.-Mr. and Mrs. Charles Rice, Harry Cook, and Dixon kept a large audience well amused on Saturday night last. The dancing of Cook was quite a feature in the entertainment. The company played a very laughable little farce. called.. the Irish ghost,. with great spirit. The audience marked their appreci ation of the acting by very marked demon strations of applause. CHEAP FENCITNG.- A gentleman'lateIy ap pointed as poundkeeper engaged a man to do some fencing, he found out before making an agreement, that the 'man was hard-up, and then offered him Is. per rod. After a little talk the man agreed to do it for that price, he was to put the posts in two feet deep. After the work was done it was found out that instead of sinking two feet -he cut off one foot of the posts and put the pieces in the holes, which were of courset: oly twelve inches deep. This is a rare instance of the wisdom of taking undue advantage f poverty. Tax Towe- CLErs.-We are happy to state that Mr. Burch is improving in health; but he is not yet able to attend to the duties of his office. FATAL MINING ACCIDENT.-A few days since, a young man named Samuel Peel, was working in a mining claim, on the old Race Course, when the ground fell in on him. He was promptly extricated, but the injuries he received were so severe that he died from their effects yesterday. A magisterial enquiry will be held to-day, touching the cause of his death. TEx WHiD Ducz.-Our correspondent's letter'did not reach ris in time for publica tion.: The population is. on the increase, a great-number of people are on the road from the westward, and no doubt that during the coming winter, a great number of people will do well in this locality. Tax NEW La.oD ACT.-A " Government Gazette" Extraordinary, published on Mon day last, contains a proclamation of the first batch of agricultural Lands open to selection under the new Land Act. We hope Mr. Macgregor will use his influence with the Government with a view to throw ing open for selection some of the land in this district. We are credibly informed that some of the land on Mollison's run is so good and produces such superior and abundant herbage, that it is almost -im possible for the farmers of Tooborac to keep their cattle oti it. Several persons are anxious to settle down in this part, and we hope the time is not distant when they will have an opportunity of doing so. Tax HEATHCOrT HOSPITAL.-Mr. Robert son, of Moorabbee, has made a collection among those .in his employ in did of the funds of the Hospital; we have not heard the amount collected ; but the example set by Mr. Edwin Field and Mr. Robertson is a good one ; and we hope that large employ ers of labor will follow it. This is one of 'the best ways of getting those of improvi dent habits to support an institution, the advantages of which are almost entirely monopolised by them. Messrs. Morris and Dale visited the Wild Duck Creek ; we do not know the amount collected by them, but they speak of the illiberality of the mi ners at the rush'in anything but flattering terms. We are sorry to hear that a can vass of the new gold-field for such a purpose should be a failure. No wonder Mr. Alsop could only get 5s. when he went round, if an appeal fails now ; but after aL it may be owing to a want of water. We advise Messrs. Morris and Dale to try again ; the recent copious showers have filled the dams, and may have softened the hearts of the miners. 