H'OT(SS A.NTO JSrj3WSTi3. We beg to direct the attention of our readers to tiie report of the itoyat Co nmis siun appointed by bis Exee'lency the No vernor of Victoria, to incjnirc into 'the origin and nature of the diseano known as plenro pueniuouia. It is a most elal-orst« docu ment, and we Iiave pcililisheii it in extauo ---r the information of our readers. The Com raissionera have not been able to ascertain the nature or cause of the disease ; bnt they have satis6ed themselves by numerous ex periments that tins diseane is nut coutt pious— that it is not likely to be communi cated by any of the means for merly supposed to spread tbe cuntsgion ? namely. ' tile inhalation of the breaths of diseased beasts, contact with them, diiiifc ing out of the same Teftsel. contact of tho secretion from tbe mouth and nose ofdisea sed beasts with the enrnMpniiding pirts of healthy animals.' This ramie of the en quiry will be hailed witli satisfaction by tbe owners of Htock in thin colon)-. The Com missioners further point out. that Govern ment interference in the matter is altogether unnecessary, and that it leads t-i much in convenience *nd annoyance, without in any way preventing the spread of the difea.se. They Bay :— ' We point ont, that tbe action of Government in declaring certain districts as clean or unclean, inspecting stooge sup posed to be diftoased, destroying diseased animals, and ob'tn.etini the transfer of caUle from one district to another, is un necessary and undesirable, as only entail ing loss and inconvenience without any reasonable probability of stopping tbe spread of the disease. Before our experi ments were made, such action would, nf course, be a proper preliminary precaution for the protection of the holders of cfean Btock in the colony.' A telegram from Rnckharaptnn, just received, iuforms us that 1000 head of cattle liavo been des troyed near that town by order of {he In spector. Ma. BBsnrr. of the firm of STemr*. Beunett and Kdda, coachbuilders, called spun as to-4ay ana oouipUntBil of ibe in correctness of tbe paragraph vhieh appeared in our last issue, respecting Uie strike at his establishment. He de»i«s thjt be eonght to extend the h.tun- nf labor, beyond those which were customary at Sydney and Mel bourne, and even in lirisbaoe. We iiave also received a letter from one of his work men, takiujr an opposite view -if tbe matter. Where so much difference of opinion exists with respect tn a mater of fact, we must leave the parties to reconcile tbe difference themselves. Mobubb. — An old man, named Hiehotan. wbo bad fi«' too last ten jmara been employed on the station of Mr, Gordon Sandeman. M.L.A , has come to his death by font mean*. The deceased was beaten aboat the head with a large a-ick wliila he was in a state of intoxication — it is Mid, by * woman, the wife of James Davidson. He died from Uie ef&cts; of the wonnrfs inflicted on him. Davidson and his wifa are both in ensiody on suspicion, and are to be examined on Tuesday next. Then are several rumors afl.tat as to tue circumstances which led to this catastrophe ; bat, as the matter it under judicial investigation, we refrain from giving currency to them. '- '* Boat AocroKirr.— A number of men via ted tbe uland of St. Helena on Sunday, for tbe purrtote of recreation. A* they wen leavingthe-sUnd,oneof theparty lost bis bat overboard, and got ootof tto boa* topiek itnp. In doing so. Ingot wit of fab depth, and being muMe to swim, be sank Imnw diateiy. and was no mons men. £earea was made forths Imly by the police, during the whole of Mondav, l-ot without wiecwin. The deceased wtnauppusedtoboaOi-riaait. ' lately in the employ of Mr. White of Tin galpa. ? . ???.,! At a meeline o4fke Philosophical Snciety on Monday, held f«rthe purpose of receiving the report of the Comaiittec which bad been appointed to constrt-T the propriety of pnr chaxinE a qnautitr nf valuable books, it was found that tho adoption of the report would involve a considerable outlay. After some disenssion, it was decided that the report should be referred 4ack to the Committee. Tonne Men's CamsriAN Association. — An interesting and instructive lecture was delivered to tbe members of this Association by the Bev. M. M'Gavin. M.A., on Tuesday evening. The chair wns taken by the Rev. *?? *)££? who opened the meeting by prayer. He expressed liis sympathy with the objects «.c the Astnciatioiuaiid exensed himself for the nufreqnency ot bis attendance at their meetings on tli.i ground nf his presfing en gagements. Tin *uli]i-ct nf tbe lecture was — 'On the prnper principles for younp people tn cnltivaMaT At tbe conclusion of the lecture, a voW1 of thanks was given to Mr. af-Gavin. * Boat Accidist. — On Saturday afternoon, Mr. S. B. RcenNdfcd Mr. PiieR-in. with two Railnrs, proceeded dnirn tbe river in a boat belonging to the Castle Eden, for the purpose nf visiting that vessel. After crossing the bar, * endden puff of wind caught the sails nf the boat, capsized her, end precipitated everything she contained into the water. The boat, beta? provided with air casinss, did not sink, and the crew were enabled tn ding to her. The accident occurred about nine o'clock p tn , and they continued in their perilous position until about one o'clock k.'m. on Sunday morning, when they were picked np by an oysterman named White, who wMUAfejdentAliy pasrink near, the »pdt in Ins boat. Me conveyed Cam nn board the Fiery Star, where they were* kindly received by Mr. Sergeant, tbe chief officer, and their w*«rs promptly attended to. Wright afterward* picked up the host. Mr. Phegan lost a pocket book containing abont iiS. We understand that Messrs. Phegan aud Been presented their dsliveter with £5 as an acknowledgement of his raeritorions service. Eleoakt Literature ? We dip the f'l Inwins *? Elegant Extract ' from the Guardian of yesteidsy, as a specimen nf p'lite literature, and fine writing. We have not ceen anything to equal it for many adiy:— 'Sociai.and Political Intel ligence of the Month — There has not been mnchtodistnrb the monotone of every day life in tbi* part of Jjer Majesty'* do-ninii'BS, since the pnlilication of onr last Summary, (t does imt indeed, often happen that we Iiave any very wonderful «vet*ts to record, startling discoveries, or surprisine; inci dents, to insike known tn the world. We of Queensland, are quiet, prosaic people, and are content to plol nn in a matter of fact Jmsiness like way, without troubling ourselves much about th'nipi which lie nut of the track «f mercantile life. Therefore, we have not the power nf providing monthly catniosnes of ' remarkable ev«nt- ' which, shall be not only numerous, liut important ' There 1* not a monse Ktirring.* There is peace in the political circle, and prace and plenty in the social. The de-nocratic jour nalists grieve mueli at th:s. for they lack the materials ont --f which tn construct a grievance. They wonld be eM if * «I:sht storm shonM break f.-r'h, in the present unclouded sky. and. if tbe politic -l quietude s'loolit change to bnstle. Wi, however, are qoite cnnteiiter!. We don't 1vn.1t to enlarge nnnn erievarce«.and we wont Awe the public azaiost its will, aitk botussa, which it ob jects f ? swallow. There are. however, some patriots in this city, who go abont like roaring atta, seeling for a pnblic man upon whom they can pour --nt tbe vials of their diteaad and wrathful tou't. They overlook nil goi-d aciimi* ; and they gloat over alt bad ones. They never see anrthing to I iraisc, bnt are ever ready to condemn. In point nf fact, the errors of mankind, are the garbage np.ni vrhich these dart upon humanity lire fed. That gentry have been bnsy of late. Tl|«jr ifaMtomi pent have, that whenever that is the caw, gome inno cent reputation will snfier for it. The At torney General of Queensland was the last chosen mark for the shafts of the venoaunu eritiri ; and they have rushed upon him en tnaae, hauling teith rage. Tbey hire accused him of commtioii, --F hein; influenced by the basest notira because be refused to pro oecnte a man named M'Faddeu. who was com mi tied hy tha police magistrate on a charge of perjury. Whatever ground there may have been for tbe insinuation does not ap|«ar. the gentry who accused the Attor ney-General preferring to make a bild assertion without producing any fact to support it. Tbe attempt t-. damage t.is re putation ban, however, faittd nufrabhj, as all finch dastardly attach deserve to do.' As this extract is taken from the Tele graphic Summary - f the Guardian, we pre sume our contemporary expects it tn be copied into mil tbe leading j '001818 of the United Kingdom. If this should be taken as a specimen of our Standard Newspaper Literature by the people of England, we fear that their estimate of nur social and politi cal progress, will not be a very exalted one. The cutting in Queen-street, intended to facilitate the approach to Uie Bridge, is progressing rapidly, aud so far reflects cre dit on theenterpriiiingcoiitractur, Init with all deference to tbe opinion of pursom more learned Ulan ourselves in theso mat ten, we tuiuk that Uie course of operati -ns might be less inconvenient to did public and at the same time equally effective in tlie resnlts. As the work ia now going on, tbe whole width of the street is being stripped at one time, mnd. as a consequence, the end on the boundary of the excavation oppoxes a very severe ?* pinch ' for eien uuladen vehicles to pass over, not to (peak of la dies mnd other pedestrians. Or course, an the excavation goes on thin difficulty will be increased, in proportion to the elevation to be cat through. We think the usual *nd what appears to ns to be the most reasou able plan, would be to divide the street into tongitndiual halves so that, whilst the one half was being excavated, Uie other would still remain araiUble fur the conveniences of ordinary traffic, and then met vtrta when this half underwent the same process. Wb have beard numerous coppUints tatotr-witU nHjanr «o * bowli»« Wey in A-b«festveSt. owriBff, we are inf.MTned, by Mr. MeCmnn. of the tied [ion Hot rl It seems that the floor ia built considerably above the solid grnnnd. and that the noine of the bowling is correspondingly increased. It appears farther distthe bowling is often continued until long after midnight, mnd hence the neigbbonra are neaily every night disturbed in their slumbr*, mnd natu rally complain that the 'American insti inSMHi' M « DDissnce. We do n-st know whether this nutter comes within Uie province of the Inspector of Nuisances, bnt, at all events, there can be no harm in direct ing bis attention to it. Tat Royal Hotel in Queen-street is now undergoing a thorough metamorphosis, nnier tbe jnokaou taste and judgment «r its present proprietor, Mr. Toong. Instead of being a dreary looking barracks, as it appeared under the !*te regitme. it now shines out iu bold relief M one of the most elegant mnd attractive hnstdriBS in Brisbane. Tbe old windows have been replaced by plate glass in neatly mnd appropriately fitted nuherr »nd nearly the wools interior and exterior have been tastefully papered and painted, under the supervision of onr veil, known fellow eHicen. Mr. G. A. Or*. Oher improvements have also bean affected, which we do aot4biafc it ecoeuary to par ticularise, . ' - - '. - Abokxwhat daring attempt at obtaining money, under false pretences, was -made -m Tuesday, by m man named Morarty, on the Srm of M-Oaig mod Co. It appears that in the morning, lie called at the etnre, and: uw Mr, Melbnanun, storemsn, of whom Ire a*ked permission to Inspect certain watches, then on sale. He -expressed an jplnioo, that, with fata penaUar bmdnen knowledge, lie would lie in a plSnn in sell «»'i« of the wjtche* iu tin eW*e of the next day. Accordingly, lie nJU\o'eA to take tb-ee as an experiment. oScondi tinnthat if h-. did not sell them, hi ??«tW return ibsm next moiuing, a1,d that if he did sell them, he would give np tip pro ceeds, minus of ennnte tlie com:to*'»i. Singular to «y, hnwerer, that like Vjf'^t't ghost, he was invisible at Uie hour /twelve next day, *nd no one even iiq* knows whether be has croued tbe Bivrf Stvx. or taken bis departure for tlie Pi'1 land of New Sontli Wales. It appearf [moreover, that he also victimised in (he 'same way, Mr. Morewytcb, of tie unction mart in Q-ieen-«treet. It is probable that b« will be honoured above all other passengers, by a special telegraph notice in Svaney An ioqnest m* ''Id yesteri'? lij Dr. Hancock, on tbe body or a l«.y »«'»ed Wll liam Hcn-7. wl«'f«» found drowne^n the river on the Pievir.ys day. Walter Henry, the father off'* deceased, iepasta. as fol l..rfeli» t-wWi thj . deceased was eleven ye«rs of ase last birthday: I know no*i»E »-'?'* M« falU-1« int'1 the water- «!?«'» dl'!4 *boot ll-ree Tears of age. toH h« mother that the deceased had Whin i' to the water; this was m Monday last- the next day* a diligent search waVmade for th= biSy of the deceased, which was fonnn in «-e evening-, about 6 o'clock. A boy or eisU years ..f toe sttted that on Tnesday evening, nuont G o'clock, he saw Hie deceased fioatms in the river below Mr Bayne, the botchers u'acs. * Se ran home »nd mcgnainted Ins AuJwrv- itl. tlie fact. He gav« information to itSpolio* wn.i*ein-»vcd,tt&.cnr-we to tbe ? hospital of tho Sotrtft Bnttnue Depot. Henry Boles, farm laborer, residing in tbe Depot, deposed that he and another man named John Gordon took tbe deceased ont of the water nn the previous afternoon, abont 6 o'clock. Tbe deecmeeiJ b.id bis etothoo oa. The verdict was, Thnt deeexsedmet big death by drowning in the Brisbane river, but by what means there was no evidence to show. 