HOSPITAL LECTUKE. ACCOEDING to announcement, Mr. J. F. Skinner delivered a lecture- at the Masonic Hall on Monday last in aid of the funds of the Deniliquin Hospital. Mr. John O'Shanassy was called to the chair. The subject chosen -was " Popular Fallacies." Mr. Skinner divided his address under throe heads, viz.:— Social, Scientific, and General Fallacies and Absurdities. Speaking of the most trivial examples first, he alluded to the custom of anticipating ill luck to follow the accidental spilling of 6alt. Three candles in a row, or thirteen guests at a table, were popularly supposed to produce some dire calamity, extending even to the death within a short time of some person present. Crossed knives and forks, too, were a sign of coming evil, and they should be always uncrossed by the person crossing them. He remembered on one occasion, having incidently so placed a knife and fork, an old lady conducted him back to the dinner table, and with gravity requested him to uncross them, so that the expected catastrophe might be averted. Perhaps, the custom might be traced to the time of the crusaders, when the emblem of the cross was considered so sacred, that if it were lightly used it would bring misfortune. As for the married ladies, if they dropped their wedding ring, tlicy were, of course, bound to be separated from their husbands. The first sight obtained of the new moon was the opportune time to turn the silver into our pockets. In the customary way of speaking, there were many absurdities shown. Boiling the kettle Jbr tea—drinking a cup—seeing a chimney smoke, were all examples. How the kettle co Jld boil, the cup be drank, or the chimney smoke, lie could not understand. The wood, or the coal, might Emoke, but the chimney, cenainly not. "We often heard people say, " The next time I pass your house, I will look in ; " now, he would like to know how the friend could do that if he passed by. Mr. Skinner meant, perhaps, to say that the friend would pay a visit, or enter the house, but, showing how wc receive as correct a sentence, to which custom has given a well understood meaning, though the words do not literally express it. Mr. Skinner, himself, failed to comprehend, that if a man "passing by" promised "to look in," he could well do it through the windows, whilst in the act of passing. After ridiculing the common question, "What, are you comeback," made use of by one person meeting another who has been on a journey, face to face in the street, he adverted to the common topic of the weather so general amongst Englishmen, and to the still more absurd question, " How are you," put by acquaintances, but, each passing by without waiting for an answer. Superstition, he did not think had 60 much passed away as was generally supposed. Shakespeare, he considered believed to some extent in goats and witches. The cure by touch for the King's Evil was practised by the Charles's, whilst some rare copies of the Book of Cornmom Prayer, printed in the reign of Queen Ann, contained a special service to be read during the Royal ceremony. The peasants of Britany cross themselves after a flash of lightning, to guard against the thunder. The peasantry in Oxfordshire, believe in confirmation as a cure for rheumatism. In Cornwell, the devilling rod to discover metals is frequently used, and as the country is extremely rich in metals, more or less cases of success may be cited to prove its utility. Throwing an old shoe after a newly married couple was still in vogue, whilst the horseshoe" to drive away witches might be seen over many a door way. Nelson believed in the horse-shoe, but whether lie had one nailed to the top of the Victory's mainmast at Trafalgar he could not say. Throwing the shoe was of great antiquity, and might refer to the father resigning his power over the bride, or be typical of the missiles that were formerly throw at the bridegroom for carrying away his bride. The ring was symbolical of captivity, and of the bride's subservianee to her lord. The lecturer then touched on the ill luck supposed to attach to commencing any task or undertaking on a Friday, to follow the howling of dogs at night, the falling of the the snuff of a candle, and other absurdities. As for ghosts, in the Isle of Man people believed that if the knots of a shroud were not undone before the burial, that the deceased would haunt his former residence, and only lately it was reported that the vicar was waited on for permission to disinter a body because its ghost had been seen, and it was remembered that the knots had not been untied. Mr. Skinner next took up the subject of haunted houses, and read some experiences by Dr. Norman Macleod, • that appeared in Good Words, showing how the Doctor, when in the Highlands was disturbed by strange noises in the middle of the night, which were eventually found to be made by some ivy tapping against the window, and a cat that had hooked itself on to the doctor's fishingliue—the whir of the reel when pussy made play, being terribly frightening. The moral deduced, was that all supposed supernatural sounds and effects, would, if traced up to their source be found to occur from natural causes. Passing on to scientific fallaces, the lecturer remarked on the error of the common saying, "The sun rises and sets." He admitted the influence that the moon had on the tides, but the assertion that its changes effected the weather was all nonsense. He would not say Saxby was a humbug, but he denied that Saxby or any other man could foretel the weather for more than twenty-four or forty-eight hours. Mr. Skinner briefly alluded to the absurdity of astrology, and spectral appearances. The latter he explained by the body being asleep unbeknown to the mind, dreams it sees a spectre or person, and waking, is fully impressed with the idea that a spectre has appeared. Mesmerism and Electro-Biology were wonderful sciences yet in their infancy, but clairvoyance, the Davenport brothers, and the spiritualist Home, we might dispose of them all in the one word "humbug." He would remark en passant that mesmerism was "not the only science in its infancy, and we had no right to laugh at any man producing results that could not be explained. "We cannot say how the simplest flower is produced, nor how a blade of grass grows, and, seeing the immense progress that has been made by science in electricity and other things, we should treat its disciples with every respect. Amongst the general absurdities he first introduced Holloway spending £50,000 per annum in advertising, which all came back to the professor through the gullability of the public. It was curious, but frequent, to hear a man say he was "dying to see you," or was * dying of laughter." There was no such a thing now as a 6hop, it was an establishment; shopmen were assistants; masters were employers; servants were employees; a meeting of persons was an assemblage; a school was a seminary; a lodging was apartments. We did not feel, but experience; we did not wish, but express an idea; we had not callings, but avocations; we were not in debt, hut unable to meet our liabilities; we did not get drunk, but into.x^/ cated. We were not men and women, bu£ males and females, and this expression had ?ed an American official (according to Harper's Magazine) into a difficulty. The officer when engaged in making the roll of persons liable to be drafted had asked an old woman, in charge of a house, for the names of all the males resident therein. Having got the names he again demanded if that were all. " Yes," said the woman, "excepting Billy Bray." Mr. Billy was included in the roll and eventually drafted. Billy, when wanted, was not forthcoming; nobody knew him, and the officer was called on to* produce him. Calling again for this purpose at the house, the woman introduced him to Billy Bray—a veritable jackass. Mr. Skinner concluded his amusing lecture by a few remarks on the absurdities of fashion, and of attributing events to chance, and denied that in this world there was anything whatever left to chance. There was a Supreme Providence that watched over all nations as well as individuals, directing everything in order, and leaving nothing to chance. Mr. Hobertson, in moving a vote of thanks to the lecturer, said the proceeds would, when doubled by the Government contribution, amount to about £25. (Hear, Hear.) The subscriptions now amounted to nearly £700, which, with the Government grant would meet the ordinary expenditure, and the greatest effort must be made to raise funds for the improvement of the building, and fencing in the ground. He defended Mr. Saxby, and thought his views were entitled to consideration.,. Mr. Skinner, in returning thanks, said when he was asked to deliver a lecture, he had inquired whether the funds were likely to be benefitted, and being answered in the affirmative he had gladly consented. If he had that evening dressed "up old friends in new garments, and suggested trains of thought that might be carried out to a good purpose, and at the same time had asssisted the charity, then indeed he was well repaid for any little time and trouble he might have devoted to the subject. Dr. Wren, in moving a vote of thanks to the chairman, compared the presence of Mr. O'Shanassy there that evening to the practice of the English Ministry on visiting their constituents, attending at the local institutes, and remarked that it was a very beneficial custom. Mr. J. O'Shanassy said he had always great pleasure in assisting local institutions. He was sorry that here the Government was not so liberal in supplementing voluntary contributions as in Victoria, for whereas in JSTew South Wales only an equal amount was given by the State, in Victoria they gave two pounds for every one collected. He hoped, however, that as the squatters were expected to pay double rents after this year, that the Government would in future be more liberal towards the charities. This closed the business, and the numerous audience retired, apparently well satisfied with the entertaining evening they had passed, thanks to the kindness of Mr. Skinner. 