MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. Barnum is now exhibiting at his Museum three fat girls, who are said to weigh a too 1 At the present moment there is a jockey living, of the ago of seventeen or eighteen, who is pro- bably in the receipt of at least four thousand a-year. — London Review. Never perhaps were there higher prices ob tained for advertisements than now. Messrs. Chapman and Hall are said to have obtained .£100 for the best page of the Christinas number of All the Year Round, while Mr. Beeton received the same sum for the back page of his " Christmas Annual," £80 for the second page, and £60 for thb third. Mr. George B. M'Clellan, ex-Major-General United States army, lias been appointed chief engineer of a railroad in new Jersey upon a salary of 25,000 dollars per annum, the sum which he would have received had he been elected to the 'Presidency. Breach of Promise of Marriage.— In the Court of Common Pleas, on Saturday, Elizabeth Mary Wylie, a widow, aged thirty seven, claimed damages from a grocer named Baker, a widower, between fifty and sixty years of age, for breach of promise of marriage. Mr. Giffard, for the plain tiff, said that he ahould show the jury conclu sively, from the correspondence which ho would ' Tend, that there had been a promise to marry, and in the end he had no doubt that the only ques tion would bo one of damages. The plaintiff said the acquaintance between the parties commenced through defendant seeing the plaintiff in conse quence of his being in want of a housekeeper. The acquaintance thus commenced ripened into a close intimacy. The defendant thought it would be better to have the plaintiff permanently for himself, and he agreed to marry her on Croydon fair day. (A laugh.) The learned counsel then proceeded to read a number of letters, in one for which the defendant wrote to plaintiff : — " My dearest little pet, — Yours most anxiously looked for safe to hand this morning, and am so pleased I have got you near to me, that I may seo you oftener, and only wish the time was come for me to take you home. I don't think it's possible for me to wait the time which I named to you, for I am so cold at night. :(Loud laughter.) I think you must come and keep me warm. (Renewed laughter.) I shall be most' happy to see you to morrow, but as it is business day with me in the city, shall not be able to meet you before five o'clock (exact), when I will meet you at the refreshment-room, Victoria, when we will arrange about Sunday." — The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff — damages, £-200. Princess Mary of Cambridge and Mr. Banting. — Did you ever hear the story of Mr. Banting and the Princess Mary of Cambridge ? I think I told you some time ago that the Prin cess had called in the great fat-reducer. Well, it appears that the Princess, when she saw Mr. Banting, was very much surprised and disap pointed to find him still a -very fat man. " Your system," said the Princess, " does not appear to have been very efficacious in your case, Mr. Banting." " I bog your Royal Highness's par don," said the fat-reducer, "but if you will allow me I will soon convince your Royal Highness that it has been most effioacious." And with that, to the great amazement of the Princess, Mr. Banting took off his coat ; and then, to the increased amazement of the Princess, his waist coat. What was he going to do ? Perhaps he was about to give au exhibition of his agility. The Princess began to show symptoms of impa- tiencp. " One moment more, your Royal High ness, and you will be convinced." Mr. Banting begau to take off bis trousers. The Princess screamed, ran to the bell, and rang it violently. A footman immediately appeared, and, by the Princess's command, hurried Mr. Banting from the room and from the house, scarcely giving him "timo to put on his clothes. Mr. Banting wrote to apologise— to explain. Ho bad visited the Princess with two suits of clothes on. The upper one, which he was taking off when expelled from the house, was distended with uir, and represent ed his original size. If the Princess had not been alarmed, and had only waited, she would have seen Mr. Banting, not in ,putis naturulibus, but in an undersiiit, slim and genteel, as he now ap- j pears, thanks to the system. This is a very good storv, and it has, I am assured, the further merit of being true. A Real Ghost Story. — We commend the following to tho notice of some of the many pub lishers of readings for Christmas. The simple facts transpired in a parish in Boxburghshire this present month about midnight, between a Satur day and Sunday. It was moonlight but cloudy, hence tho night was sometimes clear and at other times nearly pitch dark — in fact, it was such a night as witches, warlocks, and ghosts used to delight in, and it seemed to our informant that one of these supernatural visitants actually made its appearance in the said parish at the time above-mentioned, and the place was the church yard. But to begin at the beginning of the story, it was narrated to us by a respectable person who lived in a cottage hard by the scene, and who with his wife and family also got a fright. They bad just retired to rest forthe night. There was no light in tho room but the flickering light of the dying embers of the fire in the grate, when suddenly the door opened, and an elderly woman rushed into the room. She was almost out of breath, and sat down almost exhausted on the nearest seat. Sho nearly fainted away. The guid folks of the house recollected that they had forgotten to lock the door, and thought it must be some human being in great distress who had run into their house for protection. They gave her a drink to revive her, and when she came round a little, in answer to the question what ailed her she muttered out, amid long drawn sighs, that " she thought the time had gaen by for ghosts, but she had seen ane the nicht." In this way she proceeded to tell how she had gone to pay a visit to her dear departed husband's grave, for there was naebody like her John. He was aye dear to lier, and now that he was away there was nano to fill his place, and she never felt happy unless when she was beside him. Aye, his very dust was dear to her, and she could spend whole nights .cesme uim yet, though he bad been buried now for months. She said she had often before gone and stood beside his tombstone for hours, and no one had fashed her till that night, when she had got sic a gliff that she thought she would not get over it. " Oh, me 1 " said she, " that awfu'-look- ing man. It wasna my John. Na, na, ma John had nae ugly-looking black face like yon ; and then the awfu' man never spoke a word, but made sic unearthly sounds, and pointed wi' his hands, whiles up and whiles down, that I didna ken whether he was frae aboon or below, and he made a' sorts of queer manoeuvres. He put Mb hands up to his head, and looked for a' the world like the black falla wi his horns. It wasna my John, I am sure, for he wadna line gliffed me .that way, and then he would have spoken to me that- 1 could ha' kenned what bo said ; but that awfu' man, wi' a' his screeching, and boobooing, shaking o' his head and hand, didna speak in our tongue. Oh, that awfu' man, his black, beavy face is hunting me yet, and whither he came from I dinna ken aither, I'm sure. He didna come in at the gate nor ower the wa'; he just started up before me out o' John's grave, but he wasna ma John. I dinna ken how I got away from that awfu' -like apparition, or how I came here. Where am I ? " So when sho had ..finished her story it was plain she had had a severe shock to her nerves. The family into whose house she came, when they got a light, knew her to be a respect able woman, and when she was more composed the goodman kindly volunteered to accompany her home. On the way they were met by the decent woman's son. who had been searching everywhere for his mother, and, knowing that she frequently visited the churchyard, thought that she might possibly, late as it was, have gono there, for she had been rather deeply affected by the loss of her husband, so much so that there was no consoling her, and there was no keeping her away from the grave when she could get away. It seems, how- ; ever, that she had got such a fright by that visit that she would not soon seek back to the haunted churchyard. We can only guess at a solution of the mysterious apparition. A deaf and dumb man, with busby black beard and moustache, lodges in a dwelling overlooking the buryiug-ground. He may have seen the disconsolate woman there, and out of pity for her had gone to advise her to go home ; but his strange appearance, want of speech, and the signs made with his hands may have added to the woman's terror, her heated im- agination doing the rest.- — Caledonian Mercury , December 14. Extraordinary Lifeboat Adventure. — A correspondent of the Times, Richard Mahony, J.P., is responsible for the following almost in credible story : — In August last two whaleboats, constructed on the principles of the lifeboat, ar rived in the harbour of Valentia, on the south-west coast of Ireland. They were consigned to the charge of Mr. Kearney White, inspecting officer of coastguards in that district, and were intended to be subjected to certain experimental trials which should test their qualities under all cir cumstances. The 26th November last opened on the west coast of Ireland with a very heavy gale from W.N. W. The barometer had gone down down to 28.90. The force of the wind was 10. A tremendous sea was running, and breaking wildly on the hendlands of Dingle Bay. In one place it was observed from some miles off burst ing over a cliff more than 100 feet high. Mr. White, however, being still determined to try the boats, even under these circumstances, made his final arrangements for a bold experiment. He directed the boat which accompanied him to lie in comparative shelter under Lamb Island. Then with his own coastguard crew (in White of Cowe's boat) he dashed out into the bay, watching each tremendous roller and rounding her to meet it. About a quarter of an hour passed in this struggle, when a great tidal wave was observed by the spectators gathering itself about a mile to sea ward. Distinguishable by lookers-on far inland, like a mighty Andes towering above the lesser mountains, this Atlantic giant swept in, extend ing right across the bay, and leaping far up the cliffs on either side. Changing its shape with the formation of the ground below, that which bad been a rolling mountain rose into a rushing cliff of water. Never were six men in more des perate circumstances ; yet what men could do was done boldly and steadily. The rule laid down for meeting a desperate sea is to pull against it with the utmost speed, but for meeting such a sea as this no rule was ever made. Cheering his men forward, the steersman put his boat right at it, calculating nicely to meet it at right angles. Steadily, as if spurting in a race, the men strained at their oars, and gliding, on even keel, like an arrow, the boat entered the roaring avalanche, its crest towering twenty-fivo feet above her, and overhanging. The inspecting officer, who was steering, and the chief boatman, who was pulling stroke-oar, were hurled headlong over the boat's stern by the fulling sea. Had she not been of extraordinary strength, owing to her peculiar double-sided construction, she must have been shivered like a bandbox. Crushing her bodily fathoms down, the seabore her astern at lightning speed, tearing away her rudder irons and steer ing-crutch by the pressure. The steersman was caught head downwards by some projecting hook or spur rowlock, and diagged thus for a few se conds, then found himself suddenly freed, and ris ing rapidly. On reaching the surface he found his chief boatman already afloat, but looking very much confused. The latter afterwards described himself as being conscious of having received some tremendous impetus, which caused him, as he imagined, to turn a series of somersaults under water. Though cased in heavy waterproof boots, thick pea- jackets, and oilcloth overcoats, the life belts supported them with perfect ease. The sea which had hurled them out of the boat had beaten the rest of the crew down as they bent over their oars in stooping posture, each man on the thwart before him. The boatman alone was stunned. The remaining three retained perfect conscious ness ; they had their eyes open, but all around was total darkness. They describe their sensa tion as like that of being whirled in an express train through a tunnel, but whether they were in the boat or in the sea they could not distinguish. At length a faint dawn of light reached their eyes, increasing rapidly, and they were conscious of rising rapidly through the green water, and at last they emerged through the foam, each man sitting in his place. The first object that met their eyes as they rose to the surface was the buoy of the Kay Rock close alongside of them. This buoy is by measurement over 400 yards from the place where the sea had struck the boat. She bad been shot about a quarter of a mile under water, and had risen in the exact position in which she entered the sea, at right-angles to it. A spare rowlock and a pair of boots were lying loose in the bottom of the boat, giving clear evidence that she had not once turned over during her extra ordinary submarine passage. The oars had all been lost but one, and with this the men managed to keep her bead to the sea, though she was drift ing fast upon the rocks astern. The time during which the boat remained submerged is difficult to arrive at. Under such circumstances seconds seem like minutes both to actors and spectators ; but, so far as I can judge from pretty fair data, she must have been about two miuutes under the water. Election Waes in New York. An enor mous amount of money has been lost and won, and a good many people have become rich by their lucky wagers, while not a few, perhaps, have given up their last greenback in payment of foolish bets. There is another style of "bets,, however, which do not involve pecuniary loss, but which are, nevertheless, very interesting to the imme diate parties concerned and to the public. Allu sion is made to those singular agreements to do or not to do a certain thing in case this or that man should be elected ; such as, for instance, to saw a load of wood, sweep a street, or wheel a load of sand an appointed distance. Some of these bets are now being fulfilled. Yesterday two such agreements were performed. Up in Harlem a man who had contracted to cut a load of wood in case of Seymour's defeat, literally fulfilled it in public. Another genius in the Tenth ward swept a block in Essex-street in payment of a similar wager. On the 23rd of the present month a man named Fiuley is to wheel a barrow full of sand down Broadway from Fourteenth-street to Vesey- street, between the hours of twelve o'clock noon and four in the afternoon, on account of Little Mac's defeat. The sand is to have an American flag stuck in it, and the performance will doubt- leas create quite a, sensation. Some of the bets are got up for the purpose of advertising ;. — New York Herald. Another Enoch Arden in Real Life. — The correspondent of the Morninq Post, in Brussels, says: — " A circumstance has just occurred here which, in some points, resembles the events out of which the Poet Laureate has made so much in ' Enoch Arden.' About twenty years ago a black smith was condemned to an imprisonment of seven months for an assault of which he had been found guilty; and on the expiry of his term of punish ment, being unwilling to return to his former em ployment he enlisted in the Dutch army, and shortly afterwards proceeded to the colonies of Holland in the East Indies, leaving a wife and young daughter behind him. Five years after a com rade who had served in the same company arrived here, and told the wife that her husband had been killed with a poisoned arrow by one of the natives. The comrade and the wife, having soon come to an understanding, were married and had lived happily together for many years. Their happiness was, however, interrupted a few days ago, when an individual with white locks made his appearance in the family circle, which included seven children. This was the blacksmith who had been supposed to be long dead, who, seeing how matters stood with his wife and friend, made the best he could of the change ; and, after having deposited 3000 florins for the use of the daughter he had left behind — who is now twenty-two years of age — he took hi3 departure for London in the steamer Moselle, and has since, doubtless, safely arrived at his destination, though nobody here seems to have been made acquainted with his future plans or intentions. " 