MISCELLANEOUS. The 'Times' says it is calculated that the necessary business of the country may now be finished in less than four weeks, and the 10th of July will probably be the day when the session will be brought to an end. The Conservatives, says a contemporary writer of political gossip, mean to make a desperate effort to gain a majority in the next Parliament. Every city, borough, and county, wherever Conservatism has the ghost of a chance, is to be contested. The time is come, they feel, when they must win the prize of office or give up all hope of it for years to come, and no labour nor money will be spared to gain their object. But it is confidently asserted by the Government election agents that the next Parliament will be very much like this, and if any change take place it will be in favour of the Government. It is not improbable, however, that Conservatism will gain somewhat. The Conservative agents are more active than those of the Government, and more experienced. Moreover, it is observable that in few cases do Conservatives fight Conservatives; whereas, for three Liberal candidates to try for two seats is a very common occurrence. But compact as the Conservatives seem to be, they are not really so. An Opposition has but one object to defeat the Government-and always seems to be united, and is united, to gain that object ; but, that object gained, it not un- frequently happens that the party becomes disorganised. The Conservative party very soon showed signs of splitting in 1858. The Government was pledged to bring forward a reform bill. It proposed a reform bill, and at once two of its most important members, Mr. Walpole and Mr. Henley, seceded, and took their places below the gangway. The country cannot be governed upon strictly Conservative principles. The Conservative party cannot govern it upon Liberal principles. The word Conservative is a very expansive word ; it can be made to cover widely different principles. Lord Stanley calls himself a Conservative, and so does Mr. George Bentinck and Lord Robert Cecil. But, really, Lord Stanley and these two gentlemen are wide as the poles asunder. The papers relating to the conferences which have taken place between Her Majesty's Government and the Canadian delegates have been published. Briefly stated, the results of those negotiations are that the Government approve of the Confederation scheme, and will give every assistance in carrying it out that the Government will recommend the guarantee of a loan for the carrying out by Canada of the fortifications recommended by Colonel Jervois, and will provide the necessary armament so soon as the provincial legislature had expressed its opinion on the matter that the Government will do all it can to procure a renewal of the Reciprocity Treaty that the Government will recommend the guaranteeing of a loan to pay the indemnity to the Hudson's Bay Company for the north-western territory, which is to be made over to Canada and finally, the Government gives assurances of its desire to assist Canada as far as possible. A meeting called by the British North American Association was held at the London Tavern, to hear a statement from the Hon. Darcy M'Gee, Minister of Agriculture for Canada. Mr. R. W. Crawford, M.P., was in the chair. Mr. M'Gee delivered an interesting address, in the course of which he stated that Canada did not wish at present to be severed from the mother country. He strongly advocated the Confede- ration scheme, and pointed out the natural advantages of Canada as a field for emigration. He said there was no desire whatever on the part of the Canadians to be annexed to the United States. A vote of thanks was given to Mr. M'Gee at the conclusion of his address. A recent ' Gazette' contains an official letter from Earl Russell, formally withdrawing belligerent rights from the ships of " the so-called Confederate States." Any such vessels that may now be in British ports are forthwith to depart, and, for the last time, United States vessels that may be watching them will be prohibited from doing so before the lapse of 24 hours. If the commanders of Confederate vessels wish to divest them of their warlike character they may do so, but at their own risk. The end which is to crown the good work of establishing telegraphic communication between England and America rapidly approaches. The electric cable has now all been slapped and is carefully laid down in three enormous coils in the hold of the huge ship in which it is to perform its important voyage. The me- chanicians and the electricians have both completed their work, and handed it over to the custody of Captain Anderson and the host of expert operators who are carefully to lay it along the bottom of the Atlantic ocean. On the 5th or 6th of July the Great Eastern proceeds to Valencia, and the work of the voyage will be at once begun. With fine weather, 12 days is the time reckoned on for the voyage between Valencia and Newfoundland. It is hoped that messages will be delivered in August, for which the company propose (experimentally) to charge £82 per word. A merchant in New York will thus be able for 2640 to obtain intelligence of the state of the London markets in about 5 minutes, but as there are 6 hours difference in the time between London and New York, he will actually receive intelligence of the closing prices in London in time to regulate his own transactions by them for the same date. Thanks to the difference of latitude, the truly American feat will be performed of delivering intelligence in New York 6 hours in anticipa- tion of its despatch from London. A few days since, at Carella, a small village near Cannes, Italy, a number of peasants on resuming work in the fields after their midday repast, missed one of their comrades, and on looking about found him struggling in the agonies of suffocation caused by a large snake, commonly called the sacred (coluber mile), which had partially introduced itself into his mouth while he was asleep on the ground. About one-third of the snake's body was in his mouth and throat, and the rest coiled tightly round his neck. A surgeon was sent for, and every possible means used to relieve the poor man, but he died before it could be extracted. A Pacific Pearl Company has been formed at New York, the capital of which is 1,000,000 dollars. The company, purpose fishing for pearls and pearl shells on the Pacific coast. Their operations will be carried on by means of a submarine explorer. Pearl oysters are said to abound in the Gulf of California, and it has been pushed by the natives for 300 years. The most costly pearls in the world are from the Californian Gulf. In the United States there are 33 religious sects. Amongst them are 10 different kinds of b_aptistsr9~~of methodists, 13 of presbyterians, and 2 of quakers. The baptists, number 1,724,373 members or communicants, and the methodists 1,651,732. The number professing, the Roman Catholic religion is 3,177,140. The Baptists are divided into the following curious sects, viz., regular, and mission, seventh day six principle, freewill, river brethren, wine brennarians, Junkers, mennonites, and camp bellies. The quakers are divided into orthodox and trickster. Since the departure of the last mail the directors of the Bank of England have made two several movements towards lower rates of discount. On June 1 the rate, which then stood at 4 per cent., was lowered to 3 per cent., and again on June 15 a further reduction to 3 per cent, was announced. The charge for good bills is now 25 to 3 per cent, for short dated paper. So low a rate has not been known in this country for two years, viz., since May, 1863. It is now becoming a question of importance as to whether the fall in the value of money will cause any important revival of trade. Thus far there is little indication that this will be the case. The uncertain condition of the trade with India, and the fear of further em- barrassments in that and other quarters, will probably continue to operate powerfully as an incentive to caution in mercantile circles. At the same time there is as yet no sign of that extensive revival of business with America which has been generally looked for as likely to attend the restoration of peace in that country. Mr. Charles Waterton, the Naturalist. -Mr. Charles Waterton or, as he was more familiarly called in the neighbourhood of the place where he passed the last years of his life, Squire Waterton-the well-known naturalist and traveller, died on May 26 at his residence, Walton-hall, near Wakefield. Although he had reached an advanced age namely, 83-yet up to the previous day he was hale and vigorous beyond the common lot of those of his time of life. On that day he fell from a rustic bridge spanning a small stream which runs into the upper end of the lake surrounding the hall, and the shock which his system had sustained was too great for him to rally from. The instructions which the departed squire left behind him concerning his burial are somewhat remarkable. A mausoleum for the reception of his body has long been erected near the top end of the lake. This sepulchre rests beneath the overhanging branches of two venerable oak trees. The body is not to be carried to the tomb by land, but is to be conveyed across the lake in a boat j the mourners are to follow in the wake in other boats. The squire had written his own epitaph. It is in Latin. The translation runs thus : " Pray for the soul of Charles Waterton, born June 1782, died 18-, whose wearied bones rest here." - Sir Joseph Paxton, AAP-The death of Sir Joseph Paxton, M.P. for Coventry, occurred on June 8, at his residence, Rock-hills, Sydenham. Sir Joseph had been in delicate health for some weeks past. The hon. member was the son of a Bedfordshire yeoman, was born at a village near Woburn, and was educated at the free school of that town. He was a land- re spe gardener and garden architect, and had the good fortune early in life to attract the attention of the late Duke of Devonshire, who ultimately proved his great patron and benefactor. The magnificent conservatory at Chatsworth and unrivalled gardens are monu- ments of his taste and skill. He was the successful designer of the building erected in Hyde-park for the Great Exhibition of 1851. In acknowledgment of his services in connection with that stupendous undertaking he was made a Knight Bachelor by her Majesty. Sir Joseph was also the architect of the Crystal Palace at Sydenham, and one of the most active directors of the company. He was for some years the editor of the ' Horticultural Register and of the ' Botanical Magazine,' the ' Cottagers' Calendar,' and of the ' Botanical Dictionary He was first elected M.P. for Coventry in 1854. The late Sir Joseph Paxton was in his 63rd year. The Fenian movement, it is said, excites very little apprehension among loyal men in Ireland, although it would appear that" it has included the Munster peasantry to a considerable extent. The 'Cork Examiner,' referring to the subject, acknowledges a feeling of deep humiliation and sorrow in being obliged to publish a portion of the lengthened exposition of the Fenian organisation, taken from the veracious ' New York Herald.' For example, the American journal states that the drill exercise is now vigorously enforced in every township and parish throughout Ireland, by the officers, drill sergeants, and military envoys sent over by the order from America. The 'Cork Journal' ridicules this statement, and asks who can be humbugged by it, yet it admits that there is indeed a habit among some of the young men in the towns of falling into rank and halting or moving at the word of command. But it denies that there have been any arms smuggled into the country, or that there are any military depots along the coast. ACCOUCHEMENT OF THE PRINCESS OF WALES. The public were taken by surprise on the morning of June 3 by reading in the papers the folio wing announcement :-"Marlborough-houte June 3, 2.30 a.m. The Princess of Wales was safely delivered of a prince at 1.18 a.m. Her royal highness and the infant Prince are doing perfectly well. Arthur Farr, M.D.. E. H. Sieveking, M.D., George Thomas Green, M.D." This event if not actually unexpected, was not preceded by any prolonged warning, for the Court Circular' stated that " The Princess of Wales went to Mr. Halle's concert, at St. James's hall, the previous day, attended by the Countess of Morton, the Hon. Mrs. E. Coke, and Lord Hams," and also that " Prince and Princess of Wales had a dinner party the same evening." The princess is progressing most favourably. The convalescence of her royal highness being so far advanced, bulletins have not been issued for the last fortnight. The infant prince continues in perfect health. It is stated that the infant prince is to be christened Albert Christian Emanuel, and that he will be known under the name of Prince Christian. The aggregate yield of oil per day in all the oil regions of the United States is 6,000 barrels. On this, in its crude state, the average profit is about five dollars per barrel, so that the net profit on all the crude petroleum produced is 30,000 dollars per day, or nearly 11,000,000 dollars yearly. In consequence of the cholera having broken out in Egypt the whole of the India, China, and Australian mail was sent from the General Post-office, on June 20, in boxes, instead of bags, to prevent infection from being carried out of Egypt by the mail passing through that country. HOUSE OF COMMONS. Mat 26. Sir J. Walsh asked whether Government had received from the United States any formal and official demand for compensation to American citizens for losses sustained by the Alabama or other Confederate cruisers alleged to have been equipped in British ports. Lord Palmerston replied that a correspondence had been going on for nearly two years between the government of the United States and her Majesty's Government on the subject, and within the last few days a further communication had been received from Mr. Adams, to which no reply had yet been returned. The correspondence had been conducted upon very friendly indeed, the most amicable terms. Holloway's Pills. - No medicine can surpass the Pills in their purifying and curative powers over every organ of the body. Stomach, liver, lungs, heart and kidneys, soon display subjection to their influence, by which all diseases of those organs are arrested and, all obstructions removed, and every function is health- fully performed; the digestion is, by their influence, so improved that scarcely any food disagrees ; acidity and flatulence alike are checked ; nausea and biliousness disappear; firmness is given to every muscle, and tone to every nerve; the mind becomes exhilarated, and the thoughts become cheerful. These wonderful Pills correct dyspeptic habits; whether resulting from residence in hot climates or over indulgence, they secure by night sound and refreshing sleep, which fits the body for renewed exertions 