SUTTON FOREST. [I ROyt OUR CORRE Si ONDl \ r j PLIUIC MTFTHSQ-An influential meeting was held on Saturday ey ending, the 4th instant at Ah Tennis, Talbot Inn, of considering the advisability of forming it volunteer corps to capture the bush fire After some lengthy speeches and a good deal of discussion it was resolved and carried that a gentleman should be appointed with power to form a corps headed by himself but the volunteer s are to be subject to the approval * to the Death of Mr Magistrate A gentleman Was thereupon named whereas quite willingly un undertake the task imposed on him. It was deemed prudent that the names of all parties in the movement should not be made public, as much depends on the sect on of the steps intended to be taken from what I can gather a fine lot of smart horsemen, possessing good pluck, will enrol themselves to assist in so praiseworthy an undertaking Maj the succeed- The meeting was a yen heated one, and great interest was evinced by those present I trust I shall be able in a short time to make a favourable report of their exploits lies WEATHER -After a most sultry day yesterday (Sunday), towards evening the wind changed causing the temperature to be altogether as cold as it had previously been hot and a drizzling rain came on, continuing up to the present moment, tour p m and every prospect of more rain 6th March THE MEETING OF PARLIAMENT Parliament will meet at the usual time in the beginning of February. The day is not fixed, but it will probably be either Tuesday-, the 7th, or Thursday, the 9th, according to circumstances, which cannot yet be finally arranged. \- Observer. A French steamer, on entering the straits of Messina, last month, struck and killed a whale 21 feet 4 inches in length, with her screw. A ghost story comes from Glasgow. It was reported that a ghost had been seen walking the Necropolis at the southern end of the town. As usual, nothing came of it, but the nightly assembling of large crowds nearly led to a riot. The new romance by Charles Kingsley, to be ceny menced in the January part of Good Words, is entitled "Hereward, the last of the English." Header. Mr. De La Rue's photographs from the moon w different phases, which attracted much attention A the International Exhibition, have been added to the South Kensington Museum. '.; 