THE NORTH SHORE TRAGEDY AT SYDNEY. In cnr Saturday'** issuo wo gave a brief statement of the principal facts connected with this extra ordinary case. From the S. M. Herald of the 7ih inst., we now give the evidence of one of tho mott important witnesses in the case : — Uarriet Kerr deposed : I am a married woman, and sister to Bertran-J, the prisoner. I arrived from Melbourne about six weeks ago, ftr.d went to live at his house m Wynyard-Fqnnre. shortly alter I arrived he spoko of Airs Kinder, cul said he tvi-tiioil to make her his wife ; that he wished a divorce from his present wife. He said he was very much in love with this persoa, Mrs Kinder. I sakl I was very much surprised, us in his letters to me ho said ho w*s living happily with his wife. I argued with him, nud said that after being married /or three years he should think of better thiugs. 1 only bad one conversation with him on the snVjoct of the divorce. About a week afterwards, or live or sis days, early in the nicruing, just before break fast and before leaving my bedroom, Bertratd came into my room whilst I was washing the baby. He said, ' Stay a minute, I havo something to say to yon,' H-! told mo to sit do.vn on tho pide of the bed, nm! asked me if I had read about the death of Kinder ; I said I had ; ho paused a little and then said, ' Kinder did not shoot himself; ho said I shot him ;' I replied, ' You must be mad to say such a thing.' He Buid ' No, I am not mad ; I tell you I did shoot him.' I said, ' Bat how cruel of yon to do so,' and I put my bauds to my face; He pulli d them down again. 1 was cryiog, and he said, ' Don't cry. I flou't regret what I have done.' He said Kinder was in his way. Ho said ho would do the same thiug to nny man who stood in his wny ; he warned u)0 not to teil his wife what he hud told ma. I remember liothiug else that occurred at that time. He s^.id ho was jealous of Kinder, and that ho loved Mi\j Kinder very dearly. When he said he shot him, he said he put the pistol in bin hand and a pipe in his mouth, and thut afterwards lie throw the pistol that he shot him with into the hi- rbor. He did not s»y to me thct he put a card into Kinderrii hand before he shot him. I was told so, but not by Mr Bertrand. When I remonstrated with him, he said, ' Sou need not be so hard upon mp ; Kinder was going to shoot me, and had bought a gun to do so.' He did not say from whom he had heard that ; ho said that it was well planued, and if it ever came before the public they would not believe it. Ho said, ' We planned it;' he said that more than himself planned it. We did not mention Mrs Kinder's name in that conversation. About three weeks after I had another conversation with him in the dining- room. His wife was present, but she was asleep ou tho eofa. She nsed to sleep a great deal. I thought it was not natnral somciiuus ; it was more like stupor. He then entered into a con versation about tho divorce from liia wife. He nsed to beat hia wife most brntally ; this I observed while staying in tho house. Speaking of tho divorco, I told him how wrong his conduct was ; his treatment of hi3 wife was everything that was bad, wicked, and cruel. He attempted her life two or three times whilst I was iu the house. He said he must mnrry Mrs Kinder. Ho said, ' 1 don't want to kill Jane,' menuiog hia wife, but if I cannot get a divorco I shall got np an adultery cuso with some respectable married woman, and then Jane can sno mo for a divorce.' I asked him why ho did not give up his thought of marrying that woman ; ho said be could not give her up. I said, ' She must bo a bad woman to be cognisant of tho death of hor husband. She could not make you a good wife.' I said she must be a bad woman. He an swered, ' Yes, I know 8ho is a bad woman.' He said that was why he must marry her, because she was a wicked woman. Ho said ho would make a second Lucrctia of her. Ho tuen 'piused, und, leaning over mo, whispered, ' Kinder dulnot die by tho shot ; we poisoned him.' Ho said sho (pointing to his wife on tho sofa) gave him tke poison. Ho said tho poison would never bo discovered, and that he had enough poison in tho house to kill half tho people in Sydney. Ho said it was very likely that before I went to Brisbane I should see his wife's funeral; several times ho has sunken about Kinder, about seeing his gho3', and when he sa^v tho color of liquors ou the table, referred to it as blood. At ono timo he said ho loved Mrs Kmder dearly, and at other times said sho knew every wicked deed that could be committed, and that she was a devil's imp. Ho also snM she was a clover woman. Ono night he attempted to murder his wife, about a month ago. I was in t'i« house at tho time. Ho had been out, and ciuio home at about one o'clock in the morning. Ho would never allow Mra Bertrand a will of her own in the house. Sho waa very frightened of him. Speaking of some subject — I cauuot remember what — Bertraud aud his wife wero talking and she durod to argue with him, when ho got up in a very excited state and said her timo hai come; that she must die. He took up a stick with a sling at tho end, called a life preserver, and said he wauted to measure the exact spot whera her brain was, so that he could kill her with ono blow. Sho said, ' Don't kill me ; iyou pro mised me on your word of honor that you would not kill me.' He then raised tho stick to strike, and I interfered ; pk-&-.!ed that forjhid mother's, for the children's sake3, for all their mikes, ho would for bear.' He loUl vue not to look at him or speak to him, and said, ' Go out of tho room or I will brain you.' I -.Tout oui of tho room with fear and trem bling, my tonguo oleavkg to tho roof of my mouth. I tried to call out but could not. I thought he would murder her. After I left the room ho shut tho door. I managed to crawl to tho top of tho kitohon stairs. I waa so faint I could not walk then. I called for Bridget, tho servant, and when sho came np I said, ' Bridget, there ia something dread ful happening in tho pa'lor.' Whilst I was Epeak Ltig to uei tllo handle ot the door was turned, aud I gotup to the first landing of tho stairs, Whilst sit ting there I heard them saying something. My brother said, ' Now, Jane, I want you to go into the surgery,' end she askod what for. Ho said, ' I want you to write on this piece of paper that yon are tired of jour lite and mat you poisoned yourself by your own hand.' She said, ' No, I shall not writo it.' He said, ' I will maka you.' She said, ' You may pour tho poison down my throat, hut I will not writo anything.' Before tho conversation began my bro ther had poured me out a little weak brandy and water, aud whilst I was on tho stairs I heard him say to Juue, ' Driuk that,' meaning the brandy and ivater that he hiul poured out for iuo. He said 'Driuk it up.' She drauk it. Mrj Bertrand then cune out, and wo retired to onr room for tho nighl. Mrs Ber traud and I slept together. Sho slept with me tho whole time I was there except ono night ; there was then a stranger, a lady visitor iu the house. Mrs Bertrand, when sho got into tho room, sat down on a chair quite exhausted, and to my astonishment fell fast asleep. I thought it was strange sho should fall asleep so soon after eo exciting a scene. It was about ten minutes after drinking the brandy and water. Oa two other occasions ho attempted her life ; after tho fir3t con versation with my brother relative to tho death of Kinder, Mrs Bertrand aclcetl mo why I was look ing so pale ; what was the matter witb me. I said I had been told something by Henry that I could scarcely bolievo]to be truo. Sho said, ' What did ho say to you?1' I said he told me that he shot Mr Kiudor. I asked her, 'Is that true?'1 Sho said, ' Yes.' This was in the diningroom. On the aftor noon of the same day that my brother told mo he had shot Kinder, she said, ' You know Henry aud Mra Kinder and I are constantly visiting at the North Shore, and that, ou one particular morning, Heury said, ' You mu3t go over to tho North Shore.' ' She said Heuiy had often threatened to kill Mr Kinder. In reference to shooting him, she ouo day, in tho parlor, warned Mrs Kinder about this ; that Bertraud was going, or had threatened, to kill him. Mrs Kinder said, ' Tell him yourself.' Mra Bertrand said, 'No; if it was my hnsband that was to bo shot I should tell him myself, and think I had a right to do it.' The reply was some thing to that effect. Sho said that Hsnry was in love with Mrs Kinder, and that she (Mrs Bertrand) and her husband were to be divorced in conBeqivenco of this. She said they were living a comfortable lifo together, anl wero quite reconciled to the fact of a divorce, sue being tired of the ill treatment sho had been receiving. She then told me that, on ono particular morning, Bertrand told her she was to go over to the North Shore and take the baby and Sophy (the nurse girl.) She did not wish to go that mo-ning because it was raining, and tbo baby wonld get wot. He said sho must go, and they did go. Sho s.tid sho noticed that when Ber trand canio to the house (Kinder's) he seemed more serious than he had been for some time past, and seemed kinder to Mr Kinder. Mr Bertrand was walking tip and down the room very fast, and sho noticed that he kept bis gloves on aad ono hand in his pocket. Sho said, I think, shortly after, Ber trand and Kinder wero talking about the business affairs of Kinder, speaking of New Zealand, and reading letters from Nflw Zealand. She further ;said that Mra Kiader and herself were Etaad iiig at thfl window looking cut wl-cn they heard tho report of a pistol, aud on tuning io-;n;l she saw Mr Kinder sitting iu a olmir and n pistol drop from his hand, and sew Bart: and place a pipe iu Kiuder's nisutb, faking l'\e pipe from the. f;ible. Mrs Kinder ran out of tho room. ISerirr.nd followed her with a loaded pistol, put it to her hota!, cud said if sho did not go into the room ho would blow her brains out. Mrs Kinder came into tho room. Bertrand tben took hold of Mrs Bci trend's arm and mado her face Mr Kinder ; she told mo tho blood was then ilo.viug from the wound, aud that Bertrand's fiugtrs neatly met iu the liesh, aud ha pinched her arm so hard that tho marks wero left for three weeks afterwards. Ho said, ' Sow look at him — look at him well' — making her look. ' I wi.ck you always to see him before you ;' sho said that after Kinder was shof, tlu-y mudu her (Mra Bertrand) nurso and attend upon him. Sho said she was doing all sho could for the sick man to remedy the evil her husband hud done. Mra Kinder and Bertrand during nearly the whole time were acting iu an inip-e:-cr manner, such as walking np and down tho veran dah with their arms arouud each other's waists. Some time after tho shot was fired sho waa looking round tho room and said sho saw something lying Hgaiust the wainscoat, aud fou:;d it to bo » bullet llitti'ned. Sho said, ' Mr JJertrnud ran to- mo and took it from me, and put it in his waistcoat pockctr saying, ' This is just what I w.inied.' ' Sho a lid she had been attending upon Mr Kinder two or three days, when ho wad improving. She said that Mr Bortrsml bad decided tliRt he could not let Kinder live ; that ho must bo poisoned. Sho said Kinder seemed better, not so dehrLv.j suul move sensible. That Mrs Kinder went up him and said, ' Why wero you S3 cruel as In shoot yourself ?' ICo said, ' I did -:o: shoot myself.' She said subso quenlly that Mr Bert:and nfte.rward.-i ioiced her to- mix tho poison, uud that Mi-s Kinder gnvo it to him. That was all thut she said to me, thnt I recollect. I said I must leave tho house after what sho bad told me. Sho begged of mo not do so, aud said if I left tho houso sho would bo murdered, as ho would thiok she had advised me to go and tell of these thiugs, aud so I remuimd. I should hnvo left on other occasions, hut my brother would not allow me to go. Ho said ho would not be such a fool. Whon I first camo there I noticed *omo strango marks on Mrs Bartraud'a back whilst sho waa dress ing. They had all tho appearance of burns or scalds ; and speakiDg of them sho suul, 'Did you. soe theso marks 2' I said yes. She said, ' Well, ho thraahed ma with her (Mrs KiiuktV) whip, aud took pieces of flesh out,' und she said this was because euo had euid something ebon', letting tUo murder out. On her back and shoulders thero wero inaika aa if tho liesh had been torn off, nud bho nlso- had a black eyo. She told mo afterwards, in Mrs liiuder's presence, that ho had Htubbed her (Mrs Bertraud) with a penknife, which penetrated to tUo depth ol tha blade ; and sho showed me u pair of stu^s that wcr-3 saturated with blocd. Sinoo sho msdo tho confession about the ill treatment, sho said that Bertnu d had told her to ho very kind to Mr Belhouse, and to alloiv him to kiss her, if necessary. This ho to!d her at night, after Bfclhouso had 1 .-ft. I wished her very much to go to some magistrate and confess what sho had told me. I said, ' If you do not, you will bear tho blame, aud very likely this woman who deserved it would get clear, whilst you might he hanged.' Sho said, ' No, I wonld nover be hung ; I would poison myself.' She refused to go to a magistrate. Two or three times I have said I would yo, nud would briug tho police to tho houso. She would not allow me to go, and said that if I told it to nny ouo, they would thiuk mo mud. Iudeed, I believe that Bertrand had told Dcfiies that I was mad. I told it to Defries, aud ufter that I went to Captain M'liBirio about tho case. I often thought rny brother was mad, from tho wny ho went ou. Mrs Bertrand, on ono occasion, stated that Mra Kinder was staying in tho houso before I came from Mel bourne. She did not say how lung she was staying there, but she said that whenever Mrs Kinder was thero, Berlraud always ill-treated her (Mra Bertrand). Tiiat when Mis Kiudor was away ho never attempted her life. Sho also said that Bertraud had forced her (Mrs BertranO) to sleep in tho same, rnom with Mra Kinder aud him self. Ho took Mrs Kinder into SJr.4 Bertrand's bed and lay down with them both. Shu mid that Ber trand aiid Mrs Kinder hud been fr- ij-iently alouo in bed. One day when wo were alo:iu ufter dinner, alia Kinder was kneeling down lying tho dress of a littla boy, when the suid, 'You *.«« :»a in very disadvantageous oircums'imcua.' I s.iU, ' I won dor how you dare to look at mo or r.-! wess mo ia my brother's abteuc-!.' This w.vh i*U ;init was said, n» ,101110 ono came into the room a; . tiin i i mo. Mrs Kinder shortly after went nwuy to lii.iiuist. Cross-examined by Mr Huberts : .1 and my brother wero not upon friendly terms ut a'l liiueK when I was residing with him. It is not it fact that ho, at some time, whilst X was residing with him, refused to assist mo in pecuniary matters. I havo nevor quarrelled with him in consequeuco of his refusal to purchaso articles of wearing apparel for me. T do not rflenltaufc Hiivili'T t.n liini ' vnn rnfnan tn purchase things for me, hut you spend money on. Mrs Kinder.' I did not toll my brother, before I know anything of the death of Kinder, that I bad dreamed of his death, or of tho way in which, it was brought about. No allnsiou ot tho kind was made. After prisoner had told mo ha had shot Kinder, I might have related to him that my sister (Mrs Bright, ot Melbourne), ou reading the report in tho Herald, had said hoiv silly it was to leud pistols to a man who bad threatened to shoot himself. Bertrand nover told, me that ho had lent Kinder the pieiol ; tho remark arose out of tb.o roport iu the papw. I said that I often thought my brother was mad from tbo way in which he went on. I did not say (hat Defries said so, I Imvo said to Mr Defries that I thought my brother must bo a lunatic, or ho conld nothavo done and said whit he had. When my brother mentioned the circumstauco first ho enid that ho had shot him. My brother waa calm at tho time he sc.id so. Hu did not say that Kinder died ; ho merely said thai; he had shot him. My brother might havo used tha word ' die' iu maDy conversations, but ho did not uso it in the first. Ho, often stated that people believoil that Kinder had dioil by his own Laud. Inouc conversation ho (Bertraud) leaned over to me, and said that he did not dio by tho shot. That conversation took plueo about three or four weeks ago. At the time that Burtraud stated that to me, I thonght that Mis B-jrlrand was asleep. She was in a kind of stupor. Sho usort lo go oil' into those sleeps that would last somo hours. Bertraud asked mo not to mention to bis wife ihr.t ho htnl suid ho had shot Kinder. I mentioned to his wifo that he Enid to mo that, before I left )or Brisbane, which I was then shortly about to do, I should seo Mrs Berlrand'a funeral. That was three weeks after Mrs Berlrand told mo that prisoner had shot Kinder. In ono conversation, he told mo that deceased did not die by tho shot, but that ' we poisoned him.' All that con versation took placo on tho samo night. I did not speak to Mis Bertraud about it tho same night, as the conversation took place at about half-past twelve o'clock, aud Mr3 Bertrand was so drowsy that I could not talk to her. I cannot nwnar that it was tho next morning that I spoko to Mrs Bertrand about what her husband had said. I always told her what Bertrand said. I wished to protect Mrs Bortrand. Iu fact, that was what I stayed in tbo houso for, and I must also say that I stayed purtly for foar of my lifo. Whencer I tried to shelter Mrs Bartraad in any way, her husband always seemed lo havo somo rovenge against rao ; even if Mrs Bortraud only took a fork up at tho table, and ho told her not to do so, it would give offence ; and if I sail uuythiug iu Mm Bartrand's favor ho would show hia spito at mo. Wo woro altvuys iu dread of our lives. In fact, I had not a moment's peaco in the houso since I heard of the murder. My brother did not appear anxious to get mo out of tho house, but quite tho contrary ; ami when I wanted to go ho always hindered mo. Ho always professed to bo vary fond of mo, and said I was his favorite* si3lor. Although he professed fondness for mo ho did not show it by his manner. Ho w.is often very eccentric. Evon in gaping ho would imitate tho roar of a tiger, and had done, it in tbo street. Ho always professed to havo an idea that ho could mes merise people. On ono occ.isiou, when we woro spniiding tho evening [at Mr Defries', Bcrtrancl acted in a very eccentric manner all tho ni^ht. Ho put his fingers up to his head to muko horns, and ho said he was tho devil. Ho Eaid ho could call up Kinder'a ghost ia tho room. Of course I did not expect that b« could i'o such a thing, but tho horror of knowing what I did affected me, end I went into hysterics. Bertrand volnntarily and unexpectedly made tho statement thut deceased did not dio by t':ie thot, but that ' we poisoned him.' I be lieve Bertrand was a temperate man. From all that I havo observed, he was, when he said, ' Wo poisoned him.' I did not question him about it. He said he gave Kinder the poison, or that he had a poison that could not be detected. Subsequently, Bertrand said that the poison he gave Kinder, or that he (Bertrand) had, could not be detected. I under stood him, at fii at, when he Baid ' we,' that itw«s not Bertrand alone who had poisoned liim. From liis latginpo afterwards, I inferred UlU Bertrand had poisoned deceased. Bnrtrand did not soy that he had poisoned Kinder, but that Kinder had poison. 1 will swear that lie did not say that he fjavo Kinder the poiBou himself. Ho said, ' wo gave it to him, and ho said whilst Mrs Bertrand ?was asleep on tho sofa, and pointing to her, u nnd she mixed it.' Ho did not tell mo that hia wife know whether it was poison or not. I hare no donbt that Mm Berlrand was asleep when he pointed to her. From what he said, Mrs Bertrand, I Bhould conclude, migh'. bo whollv innocent, and not have known what ic 1 was sho mixed ; he did not eay that he compelled his wifo to mix tbe poison. I have generally '? g°°fl recollection, hut I havo gone ? through a great deal lately. I remember nil that was said by Mr and Mrs Bertrnud about Kinder, because it waa of a nature that I could not easily forgot it. All Mrs Bettrand said to me about my brather I can remember. I did not say to lira Bartrard, ' Mr Kinder did not dio by the shot; he ?was poisoned.' When I spoke to Mrs Bertrand, and mentioned that her husband had pointed to her and said ' Sho mixed it,' Mrs Biinrand got up and stamped on tho flo9r, and said ' He's a liar.' Thai was the samo morning, or the morning after, that Mr B-artrnnd had spoken about her mixing the poison. I havo not stated this before to-day. It escaped my recollection. Previously to this Mrs Bertrand had told mo that bug hud mixed the poison. I did not know what to believe ; I could not uuderstnud it, I am not mix ing up what Bertrand said with what Mrs Bertrand said. Sho had previously told me that she had mixed Iho poison because her husband compelled her, I did not say anything when Mrs Bertrand stamped her foot and said, ' He's a lur.' I was astounded and I did not like to speak to her. I did not know what to say. I'll swear that I did not say, 'Well, I'll tell Henry what you say.' I ?won't swear that she said ' He's a liar, and I'll tell him so.' The words ' I'll tell him so,' might have been said, and have escaped my recollection. I positively swear that I did not say to Mrs Bertrand, ' For God'u sake don't, for he told me not to tell you' when she said ' He's a liar.' My brother did not ' implore ' me, ne oiuy asKea ma nut w -?*» his wifo that ho had told me that ho had shot Kin der. I did tell her what he said. There was an interval of three weeks bstwoen tho two canversa tion3 in which Bertrnnd told mo that he had shot Kinder nnd when ho tsld mo that lie had poisoned him. I could not have mentioned both conversa tions to Mrs Bertraud nt the samo time. I never heard Mrs Bertrand speak in unkind terms of Kinder, bnt quite the other way. She always spike in very kind terms of Kinder. She never said ' J. wai present at the poisoning of Kinder.' Mrs Burtrand said thut sho turned round when she saw ' the pistol fulling from tho hands of Kinder. Sho might have said that she fuintcd afterwards. She rcpeatod things that occurred shortly after Kinder ?was Bhot, and sho therefore could not have been long nuconecious, supposing sho had fainted. Mrs Ber trand menlioned to me, by way of complaint, that on one occasion Mrs Kinder slept iu tho same bed with B.rlrand and herself. She said that Bertrand made her lie in bed ; that Mrs Kinder then came in, and that Ihry hiid improper intercourse. On another occasion sho said that she would not stay in boil, and that rather than do so she took a mattress and Blept on the il )or. I heard that Bartrand wanted his wife to writo down on n piece of paper that she was tired of her life, and that she had takeu poison. Sho refusid to so. At another time, Mrs ? Bertrand told me that her husband wished her to go and buy strychnine, and thut she refused to go. Mrs Bsrtrand said she would not be such a fool, nnd that if he wanted it, he could writo it down and send for it. This was after Kiuder'H dentb, nud while I was staying in the house. Bertrand often told ma, ai that time, that he had a great mind to murder Mrs Bertraud, nnd say I had done it. I know that Mrs Bertrand has been to tho Inspector General's office, and given in formation resppeting this matter. I never saw Mrs Bertrand interfere in her husband's business ns to tho poisons used, and as far as I am aware she had ?M\ 1rMrtTTTl«/lrtrt rtf nniannD AffflT T ffllfl \\\PY Wllflt my brother had said, I told her that she ought to tell what sho knew to a magistrate ; that if she did not confess, very likely tho woman who ought to bear it would escape, and she (Mrs Bertrand) would bo hanged. She said sho would not be hanged ; she had nothing to fear ; sho had done no wrong. Mrs Bertrand as well as my brother told ine that K'uder was poisoned. Sho said Henry forced her to mix the poison, and Mrs Kinder gave it him. Sho never told ms for what purpose it wa3 mixed, and that she knew for what purpose it was intended. By BIr Ribsrts: In the conversation I have spoken about in evidence to-day, Mrs Kinder was not present. By Mr Butler: When I spoke of not being on friendly term j with my brother, I moan- to say I differed with him as to the oourso he took with regard to Mrs Kinder, and what he wanted mo to do in the matter. Mary Agnes Robertson wns recalled and examined, after which the further hearing was adj mrned till this morning.' Mr Roberts again applied that Mrs Bortrand might be allowed bail, but it was refused. 