SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. "LIGHT WEIGHTS" AND "SHORT LENGTHS" WHEN I was a little boy—which is a long while ago—I remember my scepticism, on being told that "a pound of feathers was equal to a pound of lead," and when good old dame Birch, who taught me the rudiments of my "mother tongue," reiterated that fact, and, with a grave look declared that "a pound was a pound all the world over," my childish mind still doubted. Poor honest old soul! she has gone out of the world long ago ; and here am I, her dull pupil, still acquiring rudimental knowledge, but no longer doubt- ing about her last-named theory; for my experience in travelling the world over has fully convinced me that a pound is not always a pound, of which fact I have had many expensive reminders. I will give one example of recent occurrence, which, though insignificent compared with other parts of my experience, will help to illustrate certain very common tricks of trade that unconscionable persons have invented, and on which I propose making a few comments. The other evening, my servant brought two miserably thin composite candles into my study; and in consequence of their being too small to fit the sockets of the candlesticks, they were leaning over, like the wonderful tower of Pisa; while the grease dropped on to my table cover, and bespattered some of my manuscripts. On questioning the girl, I learned that she had bought the candles at some shop in the city; and on examining a pound packet, I judged it weighed not more than thirteen ounces, possibly not so much. "Ghost of old dame Birch," I exclaimed, holding the packet up in the air. "Look at this for a pound! and then if you still love fair play, go and pinch that swindling candlemaker's nose. You will probably find him somewhere in Russia; unless— and you must be very careful to ascertain that fact—some rogue elsewhere, has borrowed the candlemaker's brand. Pinch the real culprit till he roars, for greasing my papers —stay, I forgive him for that; but please to punish him severely, for cheating thousands of poor people who must work for their bread by candle light, out of three ounces of fat in every packet of his skeleton composites that they buy. Pinch him for dimming the prospects of a host of honest diggers, who are hard at work in the bowels of the earth, far below the reach of a ray of sunlight. And pinch him very hard, for tempting many an honest trader to sell short weight wares, in the erroneous belief that it was necessary for him to do so, to save his trade from suffering from the competition of unscrupulous neighbours. But nip all these 'honest traders' at the same time, for they must know that it is not right to countenance wrong, in any shape, or under any circumstances." The servant looked startled at my ghostly invocation, and explained, "that the candles had not been sold to her as full weights, but were merely recommended as "very cheap." "She was certain sure the shopkeeper was a fair dealing man, and would not tell a lie for a cargo of candles." But when I asked her how I could possibly believe that, with the palpable fact before my eyes, that he had given her but thirteen ounces for a pound;" she fumbled at her apron strings, and said "she didn't know she was sure; but she fancied it was only for want of a thought; and nobody would believe it was anything more than an error of the head, who knew Mr. Brown." After cautioning the girl not to buy any more cheap candles, or short weight articles of any sort, I sat down in the dim glimmer of the thin taper, and began to calculate on the light weight, and short length system, which is at the present day so glaringly tolerated in these colonies, and which sometimes bears the sanction of trade marks, either genuine or forgeries. But first of all, I tried to unravel the mystical legal dis- tinction between the open sin of Mr. Brown, in selling pounds of candles weighing only thirteen ounces, and that of his neighbour, Mr. Doughnut, in owning sundry two- pound loaves, each being about an ounce short of the standard weight; and I called to mind a case which was investigated at the Police-office the other day. I mention it for the sake of the analogy, rather than to enlist sympathy for the mulcted tradesmen. A baker pleaded guilty of having thirteen loaves in his cart which, in the aggregate, were fourteen ounces less than their proper weight; but his feasible explanation of the accidental cause of the short- comings of his bread, was not received in extenuation of his crime, and he was mulcted in the full penalty by law made and provided. Why Mr. Brown should not be fined for his short-weight candles, or anything else short weight in his shop I failed to find a satisfactory reason, after half an hour's study, so I gave it up; but would beg respectfully to com- mend the puzzling subject to the notice of some one of our active Legislators, in order to get the consideration of "the House" upon it, without unnecessary delay, and if pos- sible to remove the seeming antagonism between justice and common sense. But composite candles are not the only articles deficient in weight and measure, and of inferior quality, which find their way to our colonial markets, to prey upon the health, and pick the pockets of the humble classes especially. It is obviously impossible for me to enumerate the deceptive goods in my limited space, nor is it necessary to do so. I can adduce facts enough to draw attention to the growing evil, and I hope to suggest a few practicable remedies be- fore I have done. There are many articles of daily demand in which the judgment of the purchaser is less likely to detect fraud than in the consumptive-looking candles just alluded to. For instance, in haberdashery wares, where short lengths, and forged marks, are as common as the goods they represent. Take "short lengths" real cotton for example, with the borrowed name of some well known maker upon it, with "warranted 200 yards." The retail buyer has no guarantee of the quantity specified, save the honour of the shopkeeper; for the most careful old lady in the land would hardly stay in a shop to check the measure before paying for her reel of cotton; and it would be only when too late for a remedy that she would discover she had been cheated, and that she had far more wood than cotton for her money. Some good folks may, perhaps, ex- claim impetuously, "Bosh! that is a mere trifle to write about." But I would earnestly remind them that it is only a solitary example of an execrable system of barefaced fraud which is too palpable to be mistaken; and if they reflect only half a minute, I am sure they will not call that a trifle, especially if they bear in mind that it generally affects a class of persons who are least able to bear such a raid upon their pockets, and to whom these multiplied peculations swell to a serious aggregate in the course of the year. I know a respectable old widow who is too proud to beg or to run into debt, but not too proud to earn her livelihood at plain needlework; and since sewing-machines have become as fashionable as pianos in gentlefolk's houses, this honest old lady finds it a difficult matter to earn full diet by finger stitching, for the price of her work is reduced far below a remunerative standard. Of course, she has to find her own cotton; and if her "200 yard reels" only turn out 100 or 120 yards each, is it not a serious inroad upon her hardly earned income? Is not 80 or 100 per cent. a serious sum for her poor pocket to be plundered of? Some persons may reply to that question, "Let the old lady buy her cotton from respectable tradesmen, then she is not likely to be cheated." That is certainly the best remedy within her reach, and I will notice that presently, after I have addressed a few expostulatory remarks to the manufacturers of those heavily timbered reels, for the source of the fraud is clearly traceable to them, and it is obvious that if manufacturers honestly refused to take orders for goods with deceptive trade marks, or false measures, there would be no wholesale or retail dealers in them, and no duped purchasers either. Upon reconsidera- tion, I fear it would be almost waste of time for me to appeal, in this way, to the unscrupulous manufacturers, whoever they may be, for it is not likely they will see this address, or need it if they do see it. But I most earnestly . commend the subject to the thoughtful consideration of Mr. John Plummer. whose excellent monthly letters on "Social Affairs in England," every reader of the Sydney Mail must be familiar with. Mr. Plummer is personally unknown to me, but I feel sure he is a good man, who has the interest of his fellow-creatures at heart; and if he will kindly use his clever pen, and his influence at home, to remedy some of the evils which I have very cursorily glanced at, he will confer an additional benefit upon thousands of poor persons in these colonies, and oblige hundreds of honest merchants too. A correspondent, in a recent number of the Mail, called attention to another phrase of the "short-weight" system, which is perhaps worse than those I have just noticed. It would almost be an insult to the country storekeepers in general to express a hope that it is a rare instance of cheat- ing in their line, for they are a very respectable class of colonists, and the dishonest one alluded to is, I trust, a rare exception. Whatever may be the distinction in the eyes of the law between bushrang- ing and what the correspondent facetiously calls "shopranging," I confess I cannot see the difference, in a moral point of view, except that the latter is more inexcusable. But I will quote—verbatim et literatim—a letter from a stray number of that witty moralist, "London Punch," which proves that Mr. Fogle- man has more reason in his head than honesty in his heart, and will perhaps express more—or rather impress more than a douche of harsh adjectives would do. The letter is as follows:— "DISPARITY AMONG THIEVES. "Mr. Punch,—I am just come out of the House of Cor- rection, where I have been for two months, for nothing more than just taking a pocket handkerchief—not worth more than twopence, if truth is worth anything in this world—from the pocket of a ticket porter. Two months, Mr. Punch, and harder oakum I never picked." "Well, I have just read the newspaper at the Barrington Arms, and there I find sixteen tradesmen all convicted of robbing their customers. And are they sent to the stone jug? Not a bit of it. They pay their money for their right to rob, because they pick pockets—not in the streets— but like respectable householders, behind a counter. One baker in Old-street has a "piece of lead" under his scales, which chisels the customer out of "an ounce and a half." The baker is severely censured, fined forty shillings, and sent about his business—his business being to chisel again. A pork-butcher of Clerkenwell (near my own house of cor- rection), has an "illegal balance," and five light weights. He is fined twenty shillings, and cautioned. Now I was'nt cautioned, but locked up. A chandler has a "halfpenny concealed in some fat under a scale" that chouses his cus- tomer of lawful weight, and he pays twenty shillings for it. I only concealed a handkerchief, and I got two months. But see what it is to rob with a comfortable roof over your head, and not to be obliged to pick pockets, whether it rains or shines. "Well, sir, feeling how wicked I have been, and how I should like to reform my ways, would you open a little sub- scription for me at your office, to set me up in a small way of business, say in the chandlery or greengrocery line, in which I might follow the bent of my own mind, with no fear of the stone jug and oakum. "I am yours to command, "JOHN FOGLEMAN." A summary punishment (such as the abovenamed pick- pocket found so distasteful), for petty acts of "shopranging," would doubtless have a salutary effect upon that sly system of cheating. But in the absence of any positive restraining influence, the public have a sort of negative remedy in their own hands, viz.—to deal only with respectable men, who are high above such doings; and I am sure such upright traders are to be found in every town and village in the colony. That is the most practical course I can suggest at present; at the same time, I would recommend every one resolutely to refuse to buy "short weight" or "short length" articles, no matter how cheap they may seem to be, and to discourage, as far as they can, the persons who tolerate the disreputable system, which—soften the name how you will —is nothing short of downright swindling. In conclusion, I would like to gently remind those factors and dealers in deceptive goods, that though—humanly speaking—they may carry on their nefarious traffic with impunity, and perhaps grow fat upon their spoils; yet they will not escape the judgment which, sooner or later is visited upon bad actions, as certainly as effects follow causes in material affairs; and a careful consideration of passing events from day to day, even within this city, might instil that belief into the most sceptical mind. Who of my readers has not seen ill-gotten wealth melt from the grasp of its possessors, and "leave not a wrack behind?" I have seen it, and expect again to see it; and I emphatically declare that I would rather be a corporation stone cracker (though small enough wages I should earn at that pre- carious work), than I would luxuriate in the profits which those factors and vendors make by selling timber instead of cotton to poor old widows, for my conscience would not fail to warn me in the night watches that the God of the widow would assuredly visit my unjust deal- ing with His awful vengeance. Darlinghurst. 