THE NEGRO QUESTION. ! (From the Daily News, August 10th It was to a former generation that Washington Irving told the remarkable story of His vf* Winkle; but it is just as good for usasWur fathers. We often see somebody wandering about in the world of to-day, and ben Mered ?! all he sees, because he has only the ideas of ? former age wherewith to interpret it. A man. vellous specimen of this state of mind was sup plied to us last week in a leading article of aeon vellous specimen of this state of mind plied to us last week in a leading article ". a temporary on the character and destiny of the negro at home and abroad, and especially as Z Western Hemisphere. The dissertations grounded on the idea of the negro which he or ginated by the West India planters £ when West India planters were sappS throughout Europe, to be the true once a subject. Nobody could know the negro so well' so what they said was believed in, as a matter of course and it is argued from that representation as if we had not since had better means of judging for ourselves. The negro, we are. told, was lazy, and would work only on commission ; he was sensual, and would never care for anything beyond the gratification of his bodily appetites. If free, he would ruin the planter. he would squat in the wilds ; he would never understand by freedom anything but liberty to bask in the sun, and live and die like a beast He could not learn, and he never would try it now above thirty years since this account of the negro began to be tested by experience ; the 17 presentation is proved false in all its particulars and yet the public are addressed by a great and leading journal as they might be by the ghost of a West India planter, who left the world before the memorable date of emancipation. The case is worse for our contemporary pretends that the false account has been true throughout the whole interval. It is not true, in the first place, that the people of England are more or less ashamed or doubtful about the experiment of emancipation. We did the best we could to abolish, and make repara. tion for a great sin, and we see reason to be contented with our success under the circumstances. It is not true that emancipation ruined the West Indies generally, and Jamaiiam particular. It is enough to point out that such rain as there has been was provided for long before, when the land of Jamaica was mortgaged beyond its value-years before slavery was abolished and that the accomplishment of such rain as there was is the fault of the planter and not of the negro. ' It is not true that the negro would not work He and his wife and children were willing to work, and did work, on the plantations wherever fair terms were offered and engagements were fulfilled. Parents were ever anxious to have their children employed on the estates ; but when no proper shelter was provided for them, and when the miserable wages offered were left in arrear for weeks and months, there was no choice but to keep the children at home and employ them on their fathers' land, sending them to the school in the evenings. and to the ships on Sundays, provided by the earnings of the parents. So far from its being true that the negroes would not work, they rapidly gathered comforts about them-houses, good clothes, land implements, horses and mules, and means of education and worship. So far from inclining to squat in the wilds, they showed themselves to be of a gregarious temper, ambitious and very, fond of society and a populous neighborhood, fond of fine clothes, and of social display, and very shrewd as to depositing the money they saved. They were willing to endure and to sacrifice much in order to keep up their connexion with the old estates and the old masters ; but it was too much to expect them to work for 9d. or li. a day, and to wait long for the payment, and to go without decent accommodation, and bear contumelious treatment, when they could make half-a-crown or five shillings a day on their own or a neighbor's land, living the while in their comfortable homes. Such was the state of things in the days of the " ruin" of the West India planter. But, for some time past, there was no excuse for talking of ruin at all. Spendthrift families have gone down there, as they go down everywhere. Estates mortgaged in the palmy days of slavery, and not redeemed by the compensation money given thirty years ago, are of course in other hands ; but the returns from the sugar estates show a far larger production than in the old days, after having had to get over the exhaustion of the soil, which is the natural consequence of a system of slave labour. The old conception of the negro is of course intended for application to the present case of the Cotton States of America, and this not only in the way of prophecy of disaster to come, but as a description of the existing state of affairs. The condition of the planters is no doubt melancholy enough, but it is not true that the quality of the negro mind and character has anything to do with it. The planters staked their all on the chances of their revolt, and they have lost. They have generally speaking, no money, no stock or implements, no slaves, and no means of maintaining them if they had them. But it does not follow that production must cease, nor that the negroes must be idle, nor turn vagabond). Their emancipation operates the other way, according to the evidence which accrues from day to day. Lessees, to whom the planters have committed their estates for a term, report that they find it necessary to take more land in proportion to the laborers they have engaged. They reckon on obtaining from the negroes less than the old, amount of work ; whereas the freed men agcom, plish one-third more. At Port Royal, after the most able- bodied of the 13,000 negroes had been withdrawn by hundreds for military service, the remainder raised food for the whole number, and cotton enough to pay the expenses of the settlement, and seat 40,000 dollars more to the Treasury at Washington, . Two thousand acres of land were purchased by negroes out of their surplus earnings of a single season. Within six months of the definiteeniin cipation of the slaves in the West, seventy plantations were in full work along the Mississippi, all the laborers, and some of the owners and lessees, being freedmen. When the Savings Bank Bill for Freedmen was passing through Congress last winter, the officers at Port Royal were taking care of no less than 70,000 dollars, the earnings of negro laborers in that district alone. The well-known black Captain Small, of the steamer Planter, has 30,000 dollars of his own earnings invested in government securities. We might fill a column with particulars of the industrial merits and prosperity of the few people whom the advocates of slavery declare to be incapable of toil when released from the lash ; but we have said enough. It does not follow that there is not a grievous amount of suffering and need. There is so much dislocation of industry so much helplessness from sickness, age, and the overcrowding of particular stations, that all the efforts of the frecdmciMriend» are needed for their rescue ; but it is not the whip that their case demands, nor any subjection to Southern whites-proud of means." The suffering is temporary, and continually lessening as more and more persons, of all classes and colors plexions, turn to the land, and as the intelligence of the people of color becomes developed trained. There is plenty of land is (here are coast petitors bidding for it from all quarters | if there are laborers, European and native, wow and black, ready to go to work upon" it will take some time for all the elements to settle down into their places; but the ultimate prospect of a larger and more profitable production, better distributed than has ever been seen there yet. Once, more the latest Rip Van Winkle shaw his head. All hope of the negro is fully indeed," because he is a freed negro. The Any' rican slaves are more ignorant and foolish in our slaves ever were, and the more barbarous for regulating so vast a territory. They will sqW and plunder, and burn mansions, till they are ruined everybody, and then they will'themsel»« perishoutofthelanil. We have heard J time before and it was certainly to happen immediately after the issue of President Lincoln's proclamation w freedom. Since that time these people Mr been working and earning, getting educated in schools. and becominglinterestcd in political events and questions and whytheyshouldtukctopluiid r and incendiarism after all it is not easy w see. The thing that is most easy to it is that they are superior in >n*,!'gT: and culture to their poor white neighbors, that it is for the interest of the whole of we Southern society that they should have the name of citizenship on the same terms as their Migs boys and that they have proved their streets w that order of duties exactly in proportion as you have had opportunity. What does our MPs to-day think of the freedmen of Eastern Jirga iii the recent election, when, being denied aces to the polls, and having duly protested to w proper officers, they repaired to their own row ing-houses, and there deposited their ballow aw registered their votes, in a clear w«W 55 " happier day of No leading" journal in hands or elsewhere, need afflict itself with the vm "question" what the American negroes are a live on. They will live on the produce of »w wn industry in a way far more ««««"Yiua themselves and profitable to their neighbors We any tribe of slaves that ever existed. 