, ORIGIN OF THE HATT.UATT \- fin:-.?; FANATICISM. ' ; , .. Among the papers laid on the laid on the table of the House of Representatives in New Zealand by dommjmd of his Excellency, is the following : ;",The .Assistant Native Secretary to ,:the Home Colonial Secretary. n: ! -i'-- t-j " New Plymouth, Sth December, 1861. " Sir, — -I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the Acting Native Secretary's letter of trie «n uit., conveymg instructions to. furnish' a report containing all I know of the origin.and history of the. Pai.Marire movement, and in re- ply to state that the Maori account of the origin ; Of Pai Marire, as signifying the name of their ; '.new religion) is; singularly and superstitiously associated with the wreck of tb'e Lord Aiofsliey. Horopapara Te.ITa, the originator, is a Taranaki native, and was for years a teacher (kai karakia) On the ' occasion of the Lord Worsley beifig wrecked, he tried very hard to induce' the tribe not to interfere with the wreck further than ' to ren.der .assistance, and desired them to allow us : free access to the wreck ; but , having been ; op- -posed by. the -tribe, he was said to have taken their stubborn opposition much to heart," and went wrong in his mind in consequence thereof. "A few weeks after the wreck, of the Lord Worsley, Horopapara Te Uacauie from the Ta- rauaki district with another native teacher named Totaia, to Poutoko, Ropata ; Ngarongomate's place, where he sent for me: T went to them and had a long conversation with them. Totaia was a strong Kingite, and wanted peace on their own terms, which required considerable concessions on the part of the Government. Horopapara wanted peace, and would consent to any terms the Government might propose. He said he was a Government man,' and did not want a Maori King : and on beiug crossed by Totaia, be became very much excited, and: showed unmistakeable signs of insanity i and v madness. Nothing would satisfy him but for-me to walk a circle with him, which I did to quiet him, and during the whole time we were doing, so he was repeating the ' words : 'Aiuafpai marire, Hohou i te rongo pai marire, Tihanga pai marire, mahi pai marire.' At that time nothing had been said; of sthe new rein gion by that name, and' the tribe regarded Horo|- papara as a madman, and kept" watch over. huh: A short time after this he used violence towards the wife of Te Meiha (Big Jack) ;? and in reta liation ;Te Meiha punished,' Te Ua severely by beating: him, and tied bimbaud and foot. From this time the superstitious part of the tradition as regarded their Pai, Mairire commenced. ,: Ho ropapara states that the Archangel Michael and the Archangel Gabriel together with an innu merable host of ministering spirits, came ashore from the Lord "Worsley, and that whilst he was tied hand ! and foot, -as before:/ mentioned, the angel Gabriel appeared before him the first time) and told him to release himself froni !h is bonds; which', ! with the slightest effort he did. ThaUoii Meiha seeing him releas'edfhe .again seized him, and chained ; him, and put a lock on ..the chain., '.That.rTe :,TJa-"i thein .said' to -him : ' What is this " to - me ?' and - with the slightest effort again .bnrst asunder the chain, and .'every link .p'as broken and scattered , updn . tlie .ground,. and Horopapara set at liberty. ,The spectators then began to say- among. themselves, 'Can he have done this of his own strength,- or is it some supernatural inflnence ?' a.nd from that time they begad' to be . afraid' o'f jiim. ; Te Ua then went to his own place, in Upper Tara-i naki, and on- a certain day was in . his - own house, and feel asleep, and was in a trance, when a great light descended from Heaven, and a voice called to liiiiq : ' To rise "and Stand oii liisQfeet,' when, he saw a great multifciide of every race upon earth. A. voice then said to him — -' Horopapara, go out of your house, take, your son and,- kill him.' Horopapara took his.son, and twisted, the legs until -.the bone broke, in several places. A voice, then cried— 'Horopapara, spare your- son.5 : ; The ;angel Gabriel then said— 'Take your son, and' Wash' him with water.' He took hik son to a river, called Wairaii (iti the': .Upper ' ; ;Tarariaki yidistricty.j'and ' washed him, '. and the leg. was restored whole, as the otlier. The angel Gabriel . then said .toHhi-— ' Go 'back to your house, and erectanew niu,'. cHor6pa-; para inquired of the angeL.what ; a i niu was. , The .aBgel replied, : f> A post.!1 . > Horopapara i inquired", for what purpose ?. -The angel replied ' Work for you for the acquirement" of the languages of all- races; -upon the"earth.5li Horopapara' inqiiired'of thes angel : who was to impart to him the gift of ' languages. I The' angel rephed,;' Thei'sphit' of GodRpassihg withi the winds, will teach ybiri' Horopapara , then . asked the. angel, 1 What ; ofthe .winds, ? ;fTh'e pnge I replied, ! "As . the , wind?. , of Heaven .proceed, ,to all ; quarters' of the globe, so from the niu proceeded.all the- different forms of religion upon earth.' - The angel Gabriel then sung1 the following hymn :?'! Gabriel's song of. love to' Ms people,.' standing ; ; ' naked. Motu Howke.;, ; ' _ ' ' ; God pai marire, God pai inirire, rirp, .rir.. »r , ; God the sen pai marire, God the son pai mai'ire,.!9, ; "... , M rire. rire. - .. - - ?: r-". : > God the Holy Ghost pai parire, GoJthe Holy Ghost . pai marire, rire, rire. : ; . v .( ; Glory be to thee, O Jehovah, in this; world - i j A nd "the Throne ! ' and the Throne ! and the - " ' Throne !" - / r ' This is all I know, of the origin of the Pai Marire, ' which no dqubt was set on foot by Horopapara Te Da. The hymn of the angel is now used in their : daily religious service and the sign of : the descent ; of the Holy Ghost upon any of them' is a cold shivering at the time they are performing tlie circle ; marching round the !< niu.' After the'cbld shivering has passed' 1 off, they are inspired with the gift of languages, some of which I have heard attempted. A, perfectly unintelligible jargon to themselves aufff to others. Sometimes may be heard,. a word of Maori: intermixed. It is due to Horopapara to state that, from every report which I hear of him. he - constantly urges the insurgents to discontinue aggressive movements, and to sue for peace, but on what conditions I have never heard. I have, etc. , r. Parris, Assistant Native Secretary. ...7 . / ; Frederick O. Monckton, clerk of petty sessions at Talbot, was charged at the Melbourne City Court, on Saturday morning, with embezzling £15, the property of the Government. The pri soner was arrested on information contained in a telegram, and be was remanded to Talbot. The Maitlaml Mercury reports that Mr John Dowling, of the Warrego, has been murdered by the blacks. A letter has been received from Mr Blackburn, dated Bourke, August 16, containing the following intelligence " Poduiore has come into Bourke with the news that Mr J oliu Dowling has been killed by the blacks. Podmore ran the tracks, aud found him. Every bone 111 his body was broken. Mr Dowling was going to find a new- line from Mount Murchison. The black- fellow that aceompauied him killed him. ' A man was recently brought up by a fanuei, and accused of stealing some ducks. The farmer said he should know them anywhere, and went to des cribe their peculiarity. ' "W by,' said the counsel for the prisoner, 'they can't be such a Aeiv ime breed : I have some like them in my yard. That s very likely,' said the farmer ; these are not the only ducks of the sort I have had stolen lately. He that tells his wife news is but newly mar- ried, ; ; ; 