CLEMENT CAREW. [from all. the year round. 1 (Concluded.) 11 One of the last things my master did was to obtain from Mr Tudor, the rector (to whom ho had told my story), a promise that he would take me under his especial protection, and never rest till he had obtained me some employment. When, there fore, that gentleman was shortly after preferred to the deanery of R ? , which removed him to a distant county, he took me into his own service as page. There I remained a couple of years, giving entire satisfaction, as I was told, but receiving very little ; for there was not much sympathy in that house. The dean was absorbed in his learned books and' writings, and the dean's lady almost as much so in fashionable visits. Still, everything was done orderly in that establishment, and the dinners were considered first rate. And I had reason to be grateful to them, for, although they evidently dis trusted me at first, they kept my secret, and thus gave me every chance of redeeming my character. From them I went to a neighboring gentleman as second footman, and there continued five years, leaving him to better myself again by going to a widow lady of rank, as upper footman, with a con-' siderable increase of wages. Whilst with her, I became engaged to a young fellow- servant, who, although decidedly above me in rank (she was my lady's own maid), allowed herself to be touched by my devotion; and sincerely returned it. Fanny Pearson was remarkable for her beauty, but still more for her steadiness. We were too young and too poor to marry then, of course (I was but six and-twenty, and she a twelvemonth younger), but we agreed, with my lady's entire approbation, that, as soon as wo should have saved enough to make it prudent, we should set up in business of some kind aa man and wife. ' Nearly ten years had now passed since the event I have related, and I did hops I had really lived the hated evil down. But I never forgot it. A thrill of horror would often darb through me as I pictured to myself what I should feel if that dis grace should ever reach to Fanny's eai'Si Yet some times I half resolved to tell her the whole, for I doubted whether it was honest, whether it waB justifiable to keep from her such a fact. But I had not the courage to .risk losing one I loved so dearly. I pondered over it uneasily ; but I held my peace. ' When I had been rather more than three years in my lady?s service, certain family changes obliged her to break tip her establishment, ;and join her son on the Continent. In announcing to me this necessity, not without expressing great regret at parting with me, she said she hoped to help ma to a far better and more lucrative place than her own. I need not say that I thankfully accepted her offer of a strong written recommendation to Mr Grant, a friend of hers in London, who was looking out for a very steady man servant for his invalid cousin, and set off for the metropolis to try my luck. I found Mr Grant the most fussy and suspicious of mortals. He seemed to doubt everything, to be on his guard at all points, to be never tired of blessing his own soul and body. After my second interview with him, he wrote my lady a string of questions as long as my arm, and appointed me a third time to learn his final decision. I went, and was engaged. My lady's answer had been more than satisfactory. ' Bless my soul and body ! quite out of the way !' — and he handed me a note to take at once to my future mis tress, informing her I was the servant he had en gaged for her. As I was about to leave the room, a footman entering informed him that the person who had called so many times before about Mrs Harvey's place was there again now. 'Again!1 Mr Grant exclaimed exoitedly. ? Bless my soul, again! Dear me !' and running out into the hall, his servant and I following more leisurely behind, he fidgeted up to a man who was standing there hat in hand, and exclaimed, ' Bless my soul ! here again ! Why, I thought I told you I had nearly engaged a person — subject to character, of course! But that's turned out first-rate, and now I have engaged him.' ii « Very good, sir. I beg your pardon — I only called just for the chance,' a civil voice replied that made my blood run cold. Till then Mr Grant had hid the speaker from my sight ; but now, as he turned to leave him, we suddenly stood in full view of one another. It was Philip Steele. Handsome, well dressed, almost gentlemanlike in appearance Philip Steele. ?' The blood rushed to my heart and brain ; yet my senses were rather sharpened than otherwise, and I was able to observe him narrowly. Ho made oae step forward, and said, with great respect to Mr Grant, ' May I venture to ask if that is the same person you have engaged, sir?' ' Bless my soul I yes, it is !' that gentleman replied, in a fever directly. ' Why ? why ? what ? BlesB my soul ! what ?| ' ' Because it is right to inform you, what you are probably not aware of, that that person, Clement Carew, was convicted of theft some years ago, and sent to prison ?' ' Mr Grant started aa though he had been shot, and stared at him; trembling in every joint. ' ' Bless my soul ! Bloss?»2/ Bou^ And body \ In prison !' ''Ho will not deny it himself, sir, if you will kindly ask him.' ' He spoke with apparent reluctance, aa though fulfilling an unpleasant duty. 'Mr Grant turned to me. .'is this true?' he cried, literally dancing about in the extremity of his horror. , 'He need not have asked. The truth was writton in my face. I knew that I was white as the letter I held in my shaking hand. I was guilty ; and looked so. ' I returned him that letter without ous Word. Words would not come just then, '?Bless my soul! but this is shookihg, you know!' Mr Grant .cried, bis face shining with pre spiration ; 'this is — this is shocking! A man I had actually engaged for ; that poor helpless lady ! With- such a character ! to deceive one so ! Bless my soul and body ! I'm sure,' turning to Philip, who stood there apparently unmoved, ' I'm sure I'm infinitely indebted to you for having — ? — ' ' But here words came to me, pouring forth from my bursting heart like a torrent. ' ? Yes, you are indebted ! . Yes, he spoke truth ! I was was sent to prison for theft— sent by him ! I did steal a few pounds of meat to save, my mother from starving ! my mother who had nursed him day and night through a dreadful fever, and saved his life at the risk of her own !' ' ..' ' Then 1 turned and confronted Jiim with glaring, murderous eyes. '. ' 'This is the second time you have denounced, destroyed me; and if I don't tear you limb from limb, where you stand, it's not for your sake, nor yet mine, but for one I won't even name in your presence. There ! you've had your turn twioe— the third may be mine!' ..'..- 'And dashing furiously past him, as he sprang aside, scared at the expression of my eyes, I threw myself on the door, and darted from the house. 'I ran as I had ran the day of the theft— as though I sought to fly from my own despair— I never stopped till I had reached my lodging. I. tore through the little shop — past the astonished greengrocer and his wife, scraping asparagus on the counter— up into my own room, and locked myself in like a haunted creature. Haunted! I tvas haunted by the ghost of my own deed! That curse had found me out again — dragged' me down as it would always do — as those thieves had said it would! I was lost forever! .-.'.? ' All that day I 'sat there immovable— trying to think — a dnll sense of agony weighing me down ! Oh! it was hard ! it was hard ! I had so striven for: the right— so resisted every temptation to even trivialfaults— so prided myself on my hones!; name —on the trust reposed in me! so gloried in my lady's high recommendation ! And now disgraced ! Publicly proclaimed a thief! For Mr Grant's ser vant had been present ; and Mr . Granb himself would of course inform my lady. Fanny would linow it! I covered my face with my hands, and groaned aloud, as I thought of that. I longed to die— to throw myself into the river, and end it all. There wa3 no peace for me on earth — no hope! And all because of Jam ! What would the master say now ? He would have me' forgive him, no doubt ! Forgive him ! I would rather die for de stroying him, than I would forgive him now. 'For three days I never moved from that room ; the first night I never went to bed at all, but sat through the dark hours, motionless, staring at the sky, like one in a dream. The woman of the house, alarmed at my strange behavior, came up to my room several times, bringing food by way of excuse, and, to rid myself of her importunities, I tried to eat.1 On the fourth morning she brought a letter. It was from Fanny. I opened it mechanically ; too well I knew what it would, and must contain. And I was not mistaken. All was to end between us. I could not be surprised, she wrote, at her refusing to keep an engagement made in utter' ignorance of my former life. She would try arid forgivethe cruel wrong Ihad done her, the deception I had practised, and I should have her prayers ? But she must bid me farewell, ; 'I sat gazing vacantly at this letter as it lay open before me, altogether unconscious that the woman of the lodging was lingering in the room, watching 'me. At last she spoke. ' ' We've always been partiokler, me and Spraggs have, about the lodgers we've took in, and never done a unjust think by no one — not Bince wo set up in the greengrocery business— — 'I looked up. I did not even comprehend her meaning. ' ' P'raps it'd be pleasanter for all parties if you was to suit yourself,' she said, bluntly. ? It's best to be straightforward, and so I tell ye.1 'I understood her now. She, toe, had heard it! ' Like one recovering from a long illness, feeble and sore smitten, I tottered from that place, and went out into the cold hard world again. I wandered far away into one of the humblest quarters of the town, and engaged the first room I could find. I had plenty of money. 'For a long time past I had been saving every penny I could spare with a precious object — I had saved for Fanny.- ? ' Not' long after, I fell seriously ill ; and for a time I hoped that death would relieve me. of my sufferings. But Providenoe had other 1 hinge in store for me. ' After many months, being offered work by a neighboring carpenter, who accidentally discovered my knowledge of the trade, I accepted it, more from a need of some occupation than from actual poverty. Then followed weeks, months,^ years of colorless, objectless existence, during which 1 performed mechanically the tasks set me, held no communica tion with any one that I could avoid, hated my species, almost hated myself ; an existence without interest, without sympathy, without forgiveness. For I lived upon my resentment. I brooded over it. I renewed it day by day. I was for ever pic turing to myself with vindictive delight the ven geance I would wreak on that arch enemy if I could. I longed that I were but free to injure, as I considered I was to abhor him. For my promise to my master was no longer binding in my eyes. No being in his senses could expect me to do other than hate Philip Steele now. 'I pass over those years, dreadful and godless as they were. In my desolation I did sometimes utter the publican's prayer ; but I never went to church ; I never knelt down for five long years. I dared to be angry with my Great Creator. I writhed under an unutterable sense of injustice. I thought myself a hunted, doomed, aooursed creature, shut out from all sympathy and love — utterly and for ever alone. ' A misanthrope has generally himself to blame full as much as the world. I see now that much of what I endured at that time I might have spared myself. If, instead of flying from the struggle, I had fought on, as Mr Perirhyn once advised, I Bhould have won my way at last. For I had friends, who valued, and would gladly have served me. My lady had taken no end of pains to sift my story, and had sought for me everywhere before she and Ftinny wont abroad. Dean Tudor had done the same, bearing strong and willing testimony in my favor ; and last, but not least, my dear mistress, when she learned from him what had chanced, never oeased to make inquiries for me. But I left no trace. In my agonised desire to hide j myself from all the world, I had changed, my very name, and the words of kindness and encourage- - ment that would have raised my crushed spirit, were, never spoken. So five dreary years passed ^byV.and. . at thirty-one I was an old man in heart, if not in outward appearance. But long before that time I had engaged these premises and set it up oh, my . , . own account. I had a morbid satisfaction in never . suffering a human being to cross my threshold ; ? except on business — in encouraging the belief that . I was crazed, though harmless. . . . .'., ? , ' One evening, I was returning home after a '- late walk, when my attention . was arrested by a , .,., crowd that surrounded a humble door-stop : in a . street not far off. I dil what I had not done for : months — I might say years before— I addressed myself of my own accord to a fellow-creature, and inquired what was the matter. ' A man either dead or dying,' was the reply. 'A' case' of starvation, they say.' I could scarcely account for the Impulse that induced me to approach',' and as I did ;So,' the crowd partially opened. ' Has any one ever a drop of brandy ?' a policeman inquired, looking around. I had. I always carried a small flask of it in my,:, pocket, being subject to a spasm. I gave ithim, .. following in his wake as he pushed his way'.; back again, s'oDping down at last over .an object; \~-: on a step, which his burly form concealed. 'I'.', .?? can't get his mouth open,' Iheard himsay. Theu'i.'j',. therewas abuzz of voices. ?,;;!;'?? ''Yes — yes— there— -he swallowed— —r*. .;.,.'.,,!;- .-. '' He's not dead— — ' : ' ,;::?:..,,;? ''Ain'the?' ''?/;. '--.''J- W:L^.'-7:^~.i '' No. He did swallow.' , .:: :.. .. ',., ??.:;,.-.-). ;V,N^ '?''? There! he's swallowed some more— plenty— -',','; no— he's not dead- ? ' .,'. '..;'.. - , '' *.. .' ._. .':,: ''That's enough — don't give him no .more... '„' now.'.' , .-? '-? . - '??'.? .';?:.:? ,,.,1. 'And the policeman raised his tall figure and ... returned me the flask. In doing -so, he moved a ; .' little on one side, and disclosed the !fprm of .the. dying man. He was pale as death— his features , attenuated — his clothes travel-stained' and torn— -his hat fallen off— his hair matted together — his whole appearance ghastly in tho extreme. But there was , was no mistaking Philip Steele. ' ' . ? , '.'?' - ' I advanced a step or two to make sure of, the1 '' ihe fact. I gazed at him. I. gloated over' him.' '. ,' ' ' Have I found thee, ' Q, mine enemy ??'?. I in .wardly exclaimed. ' ? ;, ' Yes',' I had found him, as my utmost malice ,. ; could have wished to fiad him.. He was in my. , power now. Oh, joy unspeakable !' Revenge at '?., last ! ' '-.' '' '.' ' ' ?' .'.' ' ' ? , ?'-?',_' ?;.'.'?' ' ? ; .'? ' The brandy had so far restored him, that ha ; showed signs of life, though still insensible. The police were talking or conveying him, to the station- , house, but I interfered. ? I know this man well,' . I said. 'Bring him to my house. He ia a— — I ' will see to him myself.' .'?..'?.?..... - 'As they carried him after me, it occurred to . me to ask myself what I should do with this enemy ' of mine, now that he had fallen thus unexpectedly into my power. But I put off that consideration for the: present. Let me but get him home ! In; the silence and solitude of my own house I would decide what to do with him. . : ?..'??...-, ; . ,.. ' Ho was brought inhere — through this shop — past where you're sitting now — up those stairs— and laid on my bed. Then some one volunteered to, go for a doctor ; and before you would have thought, it possible, one had arrived — a young man with a shrewd careworn countenance — and was in full examination of the case. He shook his head over it. He doubted the patient's surviving the night. There had been recent serious illness^ it was clear — fever probably ; and that, with want of food and : over-fatigue, had so prostrated the physical powers, that he doubted their rallying at all. He, would send - medicine, however, to be administered according to the directions given, and on the care with whioh '?,,',.. they were obeyed would probably dopend- the, last chance of life. There ought to be constant watch ing, giving of occasional stimulants, and, later, food in very small quantities. Did I require a nurse? He could send a good one immediately. .,'; .',...,. ' No, I would not hear of a nurse. I 6hrank from the idea of such a spy upon my aotions. I said! I would do all that was neoessary for the man my self. . . ' '? . . '??..' ', .. 'r, , :; .. . ' Looking at me with that keen, almost suspicious eye of his, he remarked that he would call again in the morning, and, handing me his. card in easel should want him sooner, repeated his injunctions as . , to care, and departed. . ... . 'I managed, not without difficulty, to undress the . attenuated form and lay it inside the bed ; and, hav ing done so, went down to prepare myself some sup per. 1 felt I must both eat and drink — strength, might be required for what I had to do, Presently, a boy brought the medicines — two bottles, on one of which was written, ' To be taken immediately ;' on , the other, ? A sixth part to be taken every two hours.' , , I carried both up-stairs with my supper, and, sitting: down by the bed, began, for the first time, to think! ? ' ' ' ' ' ' Here, then, was my enemy,. at my mercy. The man who had twice blighted my life, destroyed my oharacter, was in my power. I had but to throw away those medicines, to leave him alone there, and he would die ; the doctor had said so again and again. '. And I should be revenged. He had made my life a living death, and I should make his a real one. And ' no creature would know. I shouldbe safe from all risk of detection— .alone in the house with him — the , key in my pocket. The doctor would come next .morning, and find him dead (as ho had almost fore- ' told), one phial empty, the other partially so. No eye could deteot, no being discover, the secret of that untimely end. Nor need I move a finger to produoe it. It was simply to be passive, myself, and to let him be so ; to sit there, watohing the lamp of life die out, as it must die if no fresh oilreplenishel it.. And I should be revenged. 'But stay. Did I think no one would know? Was there not One who knew all— saw all ? And . . .' in the eyes of that One, what would thiB thing be? ; Would it be murder ? ' I turned ; and looked, not without reluctance, at — at him. Ho was moving now, uneasily ; his head had rolled quite off the pillow. Meohauically as one pioks up a thing dropped on the floor, Ii raised the weak head, and having smoothed the : pillow, laid it down again. His eyes opened, as I did so, with a strange unconscious stare, then he closed thorn with a groan. I sat down ogain.r . From my place by the bed I could seo tho sky, ? lovely with soft white clouds, through which the ?? moon was sailing fast, sometimes obscured for a moment, then emerging purer and brighter than : ever, surrounded by a wide ciroleof brillant light. I gazed long, thinking in a puzzled sort of way of the Almighty being who had made thoso heavens with all thoir countloss stars, which might, for aught I knew, be each a separate world, wondering with a sudden sense of awe, whether He was thore, looking upon rao now, as 1 sat in that dark room, brooding, meditating— what ? ' Suddenly, the prostrate form raised itself, and, with a wild stare and wilder utterance, Phillip oried out, 'Drink! drink! give me drink !' 'That cry recalled me to myself. I went to the drawers whero stood the two medicine phiate Bide by bide— bis life, the doctor had said. I took the one 'to be given immediately,' poured it into a tumbler, and, supporting him with one hand, held it to hi3 lips with the other, looking away from him as I did so. He drank it with indescribable greediness. ' Bless yon 1 bless you for that !' he faltered, in a faint choked voice, and fell back again. ' ' Something in that unconscious blessing moved me strangely. It seemed as though he thanked me for sparing his life. Then all at onoe, as I looked up at the .placid moon, whose rays made quite a broad path of light through the chamber, the image of that young curate rose before me, I saw in my mind's eyes his pale earnest, face, his kind eyes, as plain as I see you now. Again these words Bounded in my my ears, 'Remember me for good ! When you are tempted, then remember me, and turn to Him. There is no happi ness in hating ; there is a God-like joy in for giving.' 'Yes, I could imagine that joy now. I had tasted r something of it but a few moments since, when I raised the weak form, and administered the saving draught. ' We cannot go on really hating those we benefit. It. is not in our human nature.' How that man's words seemed to live again ! 'I looked at Philip^ Pale, utterly helpless, he lay there wholly at my mercy. But he was safe from me now — safe as though his mother watched beside him. Ho was no longer my enemy. My rancorous hatred seemed to have fled — vanished with the service I had rendered him. I felt I could forgive him, freely, unreservedly, as I hoped to be forgiven. '. I knelt down, and, with my eyes fixed on his pale face, prayed, really prayed for the first time for all those years. And then came over me such a flood of thankfulness as I had never known, never conoeived before. And all through that long night of watching the spirit of my master was with me, and his words were ever soundiDg in my ears, ' There is a God-like joy in forgiving.' ' Sir, froin that time I was an altered man. A great load seemed to have been suddenly lifted off me. and I was onoe more free. My enemy had reconciled me with my kind, and my hand was no longer against every man, and every man's hand against me. ' When the doctor came next morning, he not only found his patient alive, but better than he had imagined possible. Indeed, he has since confessed that, from all he had heard of my strange habits, he had thought the poor man'a chance of life but a email one, aud he oould scarcely conceal his astonishment at the tender care with which I nursed and waited on him. That care had to be long con tinued, and I was at last compelled to seek for aid during .the day-time, to enable me to attend to the business on which my livelihood and his depended. The doctor told me of a young woman, a servant out of place, who had quite a natural turn 1 -r nurs ing, and who, he was sure, would willingly give her services for Borne hours daily, if requested. I thankfully accepted his offer to speak to her. She came, and I leave you to imagine what I felt wheu 1 found my Fanny in that kind assistant — Fanny, who had never forgotten, never ceased to seek me since the real particulars of my story had been known, who had shed no end of tears on my ac oount; — Fanny, who had. nursed her lady in her last illness at Paris, and had inherited a nioe little sum at her death, enough to make it not imprudent now thai she should marry — Fanny who had found me out some time before, in spite of my change of name; and had adopted this method of once more meeting me— Fanny, who told me that she loved me better now for what I had done for the helpless man tip-stairs, than she had ever done before, and would help ma. to tend and nurse him; not at this time only, Ira.t through life, if need be ! ' And she did help me, bearing, as we long had to bear, with the peevish fretfulness, the fearful . desondency of his peculiar disease, cherishing and serving him all the more, the more he needed help and pity. I will not dwell on his remorse, when, after a weary interval of suffering, his mind at last resumed enough of the circumstances that surrounded him. Enough to say, that during the eight happy years of our married life he has eaten of our bread, drunk of our cup, and been to us aa a brother, nor will he quit us whilst we live. His illness left him far weaker in mind than in body. Drink had been his ruin. He had had no less than three attacks of delirium tremsns ; the last but a short time hef ore we found him. And, even now, though harmless and affec tionate — and who can say how grateful — he is not ? to be trusted by himBelf, for he cannot forget temp tation, and the least drop of drink upsets and drives him wild. He helps me in the shop, and watches over our children with great devotion. He is out at this moment with our eldest girl — just seven — and will have kept her from the rain at the expense of a wetting himself. In the night sobool I have organised under Mr Bertram's supervision, and which is one of my greatest pleasures, he is of in finite service. And there is not one of the boys there who does not know my story. For I am a living proof myself of the strength of early impressions, and I should strive to make them of use to others too. They may disappear for a time and be forgotten but, like invisible ink, they come out again when ex posed to the heat of temptation or suffering, and re main indelible. And- many a lad has been lost after once falling for want of a strong kindly hand to help him up again, a cheery voice like my dear master's to sayi 'Fight on 1 Fight on ! Live down tho evil yon have done, and make yourself a new and up right name I'— Sir, my story is told.' ' Well,' Baid my. friend, as wo walked slowly homewards, on tho loveliest of summer evenings, ' was I wrong in telling you that that is a man worth knowing ?' Workmen are now employod making a niche in tho interior of tho Burna' monument for the rocep tion of the beautiful marble bust of the poet, sub scribed for by about 100 of the leading citizous of ?Edinburgh, which has just been completed by Mr ?William Brodie, R.S.A. Various important contri butions have recently been added to the collection of relios, and will bo displayed when tho museum is opened, alter tho operations of tho workmen aro oon- jrteted. 