EXPORT DUTIES. TO TH» BD1T0B OF TUB XITMRB. Sir,-I think Government should nor bs silo wea TC« im poso additional taxation in any shape whatorer. Tho consolidated revenue is amply sufficient, if properly administered, to pay, and to nay handsomely, for every service which tho publio secas or gets. It may not bo sufficient to provide for all who aro consigned to tho Government by cembcrs of Farliomcnt, and ' others who havo influenco with tho Ministry ¡ and it may" not bo sufficient to maintain all tho institutions which wo inherit from former rulers, but it is more than, sufficient to pay for good govcrment. If Ministers and members wera to study tho publio interests, instead of their own, taxation might bo reduced, or, at least, sot ' increased. But if we must submit to additional taxation, surely somo measure less offonsivo than that proposed might bo devised. Whilo the Custom-houso is in operation,, there is no need for another taxing office. ment and additional expenditure. Extra customs can bo oxactod with little or no addition to the staff of. officers. A small duty on tho ohiof artiolos of export would produce all that tho Government demands, an4,~ without annoyance to tho public. Wool, hides, tallow,, leather, bones, cattle, coals, coined gold, soap, oil, and a fow other articles, - perhaps, might all bo chargeable, with an export duty. Such a tax, under existing? arrangements, would cost almost nothing to collect. It . would involvo no waste of timo, and bo attended with/ no irritation or annoyance to tho producer. Buttha duty should be low, so that no one would bo tempted tb evade it, by doviating from bis ordinary cou reo of pro-; weding. Every tax is bad .which interferes: with.. industry or commerce. But n small duty on tho export; of wool or coal would not make tho slightest différence' in tho production or shipment of theso »rtiolos. , All that can with truth be said against export duties,' caa with, equal troth bo urged against import duties. Exporters, however, have generally had moro influence^ with Government than importara, and for no other reason imports havo been moro generally taxed. ' . ,V ' ; Stamps and _ licenses TO TÎTB XDITOn OP TIÏB S&rPlKBv; J Sir,-Tho immonso congregation of colonists whicb" assembled at a few hours' notioo at -tho Lyceum Theatre, on tho evening of tho lit hr instant, 'shows plainly that the colony -has shaken off her slumbers, and is BOW 'awnko to all thnt con-¿ corns her present interests and future destinies; Tho' speakers clearly showed tho monnor in which our country has been misgoverned during tho past teni years, and a'so how it could havo been governed so ' «s» to sustain an equal amount of expenditure, and bo nt this hour absolutely free from the debt of eight millions pounds sterling,'which bangs Uko a pall of death nporr - I us. How - different tho views ' of progross expressed,*. felt, and beliovcd, at that meeting, from those approver! .? of in "tho Chamber of Commerce. By adopting the sehome of Hr. Montofiore,. would take ns back to receivo instruction and adopt our mode of ;,Qoven*-> ment and taxation from times so far back as Ujp yeas- ? 1698\. Even then and in succeeding times wiso stout- hearted men wcro found to resist unto blood, what üioyi considered to bo vile impositions of tho ruling powers» Thero were found many liko L. '-.i TTiovillaga Hampden, who, villi dauatteas breast^ - 1 Tho lltt'o tyrants of his fields withstood. .M. <. --: And all succeeding wise legislators have set- themed rc» - in right oarnost to disabuso England of the inoumbranct* of feadal rights and the institutions of serai-barbarism; If wo receivo instruction. at all from England'« policy, it must be from her present condition, which is improved, perhaps, as much as all circumstances ,wiU admit. Wo stand high, howovor, abovo the diotution < of any governing power, froo to investigate all their arrangements, and to adopt them so /ar as .thoy may ber conducivo to our o>vn interests, prosperity, and welfare Having no deforenco to pay to feudal rights or lordly masters of tho soil, our three hundred million acres, aro all our own, except tho trida wo have already, alienated, which trillo is admitted to roaliso an income of about savon hundred thousand pounds per year,' which, in addition to tho rovenuo arising from tho dutiable* articles consumed by families who have gono to occupy,, is of great account It is admitted that tho Govern? mont inoomo for this year amounts to over tjro - millions of money, and about seven hundred thousand * pounds of ' land rovenuo not yet appropriated. Tho Government income of 1801, and of 1803, was not materially short of this. . No wonder.tho colonists should 'riso in fiorco alarm whon thoy find such ampio resources squandered with lavish handi, - and perpotu'al deficiencies accumulating upon ari oyor-- - grown debt of eight hundred thousand pounds 'slorlingv . without.thp institution of any means to rcduco it . How is this incubus to bo removed, beneath whicu. wo writho, while ovbrv- effort we make to extricate our- selves servos only to.sink us deeper still. Wo'cannot), wo will not, increase our taxation, * Wo aro not in war. Wo havo no powerful foudal rights to satisfy ; anti badly we treat our aboriginal tribes. Wo possess three hundred million acres, much of it tho most fertile soiT tho sun shines upon, and aro wo'to bo'so stupid as nor to bo ablo to devise means sufficient to sustain our ox» - penses, without adopting such moasuros as will drivo our population from our shores, prevent all immigre» tion, and force away our improving commerça. Wo have at present undor our control an, immense quantity of land unalienated.. By tho timo thnt is occupied, . tho squatters leases will havo expired,, .and. como again into possession. Let it beat once announced! in ovcry civilised country, that our lands will bo soldin blooks of ono, two, three, four,'and five hundred acres each, upon a credit bf fifty .years, at £1 per aero, tho tenant or purchaser.being merely subject to an intoroat' of six por cont Wo will then have the country occupied1 without dolay, vasteonsumption for our custom-honee - stores, an overflowing exchequer, not tho ghost of a nocossily for further taxation, whilo our presont com- plaints will fly liko feathers ioforo a tornado, without: stall infringing on tho Governmentdomesno or Hyde Bark. I soo from wboro I write aa much Govornmont - vacant land in this great city as would realise two mû lions of monoy, if placed at fair competition. Tho central and suburban lands of tho othor CÍUCB and all tho sjroat towns of tho colony, brought also into com- petition, would load tho wealthy to Invest, knowing: hat thoy would bo freo from tho fear of future taxation-oxtensivo employment would bo afforded to ? all artisans and the working classes. Thus tho ontiro debt would bo discharged, tho people sot free, encourage mont afforded to all intelligent foroignejrs, and our own middle olass people to como and cast tiroir lot with usv Tho solitary places would bo glad for thom, and our deserts would blossom as a roso. Ono song would employ .our nation, and all would ory, that " Australia. - is the haoDV land." T. MCqnüAOIT. THE NonTn-WEBTEim DISTRICTS.-Tho Dubbo cor- respondent of tho WoBtern Post says :-" Tho drought is presenting a fearful aspect now. Christie and "Went- worth havo 10,000 sheep travelling up tho river.; Brown, or Canonbah, 13,000; Bayno, 7000 ; and at Bourko, I hoar, tho Company havo turnod upwards of ?10,000 shcop into tho bush, to tho niorcy.of tua nativo dogs. Squatters on tho Bogan aro leaving altogathor. . Neither water nor grass can Tie obtainod on that river. No travelling stock near, and nono reportod on tho ? cattlo line. Weather fine ? and scorohing hot. Bush. . fires in all directions to tho terror of thc squatters." INQUEST.-An inquest was held at Hollow Tree Farm, Raymond Terrace, on Tuesday, the 5th instant, on the body of W. Brett, aged seventy-two years. Jane Stephenson, sworn, deposed : About half past two o'clock, Mrs. Brett sont to Hrs. Grant's for mo ; on my arrival at Mrs. Brett's, I saw Mr, Brett lying on tho knee of a man named Qoorgo ; I applied - cold water to his faco and tomplcs, and assisted in car- rying him to tho verandah ; ho opened his oyes andi breathed onco or twico ; I saw that ho wus doad ; ho> had boen complaining of his cheat for'somo trnici. George Brett, sworn, dopofed: On Monday, tho. «Ith-. Docombor, my undo, Mr. Brett, complained of a pain in his ehest ; ho was in tho stockyard, at tho timo ; bo said ho must go into tho houso ; ho waa in tho houso - about threo minutes, when I was called in by my cousin ; I saw my unolo strotchod on# tho floor ; I raised him up and bathed his faco with water; ho sighed heavily two or threo times ; my aunt waa in tue room ot tho limo ; Mrs Stephenson como and nesisted1 ma to carry deceased into tho verandah ; ho opened' his eyes for a minute -, I told my aunt ho was dead bo was constantly, complaining of his client for some timo past; deceased was seventy-two years of ago; I ' was with my uncle all day; ho was trying to yoko Bomo bullocks; his whip.becamo ontanglod with tho harness, and. ho became very much excited. Augustus Welle, Bworn, deposed : I am a duly; qualified medical practitioner ; I havo boen th» ? medical altondant of deceased for the last oighteea , months, and havo attended him for discseo of the - heart; from tho evidence and view of tho body, I; am of opinion that deceased died from (lisoaso. of th« heart accelerated by exciting causes. Verdict in aoror* turneo with niciucal evidence.-. Maitlftnu lSiiBign, 