THE FRANCHISE DEBATE. If tb« present session of Parliament be me- : is01 able for nothing die, it will long bs re membered for the qoietns administered to the Ironblesome question of doctoral reform. That restless ghost, which for seres long years has so pertinaciously hannted the pur liens of Westminster, k kid at last. It had been the tetter of faithless Liberals ever since their election, its dark shadow me n tangly crossing their path whenever they txjtrajcd signs of recreancy or Infidelity to i tfcelr bastings' rows; bat, at length, on the tve of a new appeal to the country, the more moderate and thoughtful men of the Liberal j party have found courage to confront the j threatening spectre, and rdaase themselves I fromitiepetla..Inotberwords,Bomeofoarabl&t; i political leaders, who had pledged themselves to en extension of the franchise, have solemnly recanted their former creed .and withdrawn i the promises made under otherdreumstaaoes. j ■The debate, which waa the btct that has taken place on the subject for many years, I was provoked by Mr. Balnee's*'one-barrelled" ' bill for reducing the franchise in English boroughs from £10 to £d. Mr. Balnea stated 1 that in England and Wades, with a population ot 20,000.000, less then 900,009 had votes, and that ♦,000,000 adult males, all workmen, were totally unrepresented. He read a formidable •nay of figures to show that, education was extending, and a curions lilt of elections, to piove that large constituencies were very apt to elect members from the governing families. Hat, as- was after vaids pointed out, his statistics proved too much. If the woiking classes me what' be wishea us to believe, why limit the fran chise to the six-pounders? Surely they do' not possess a monopoly of lateUigenoe and' edaostion. The coarse of argument adopted has hot one inane—universal suffrage, though th e democratic Liberals havs not the honesty to say so. -It is a tentative -process which these gentlemen are attempting. They seek to secure by instalments what they know s nation wide awake would not concede all at cnoe. Bat their tactics are Mow well under stood, and there is a determination to with stand the first Inroad of mlsshiet The fact is, while these b a getters! desire to admit- a fair proportion of working men to electoral privilege], as representatives of their claw, three Is an equally strong - determination to prevent the swamping of all other classes by the influx of the labouring millions. Manhood enfranchisement, -far which some theorists contend. means practi cally the disfranchisement of all the educated ana proper!led < classes la troth, a demo cratic deluge. Let those who enjoy the blesesd nere of a democratic Government felicitate themselves on their distinguished privilege and blgfa edvancemitit ; we do not grudge nam Ugly envy three; -but, with the axamp which we see around wu •? are disposed to let wdi'alone.' If the dreadfal oon vnUone which ^ ttave < been witnessed of -bate ycare. in sins pet pywy ' depart ment of the -labour made-may. be.taootpted as «1gul6cint tf'-anything; tbsy t»-' talslyOo not indicate On the part re working' men a fitness to be ec Utistedwttii hnv pre-1 umdmtliiff ihiw ifl J ths affairs of the British Empire. -Thsir trade-i orgsukations, thsfcataowoMsand erWsbasoi -■ of their policy, the dtftl snhservieoMi. Ibduanda of-snan ta a fewaychnnleal nS-i dsif; andlbe faiU^MOWaM Wlthwbkdi'! anyimer dbrderk odevsyed-aad acted upon, throughout elltfas principal ramifications of 1 British Uduetry-^bare Watched and sdtidwy i publkvand have to tool the hrdttr Itsmtief the fmnh reform»*r*tr*lto»ib tbfll „ Hmtln UfamUijrilo^uemf %htit cvfefrttiiBrv OTacfifcUOus tand' thtmfcSn" " egwiff-d i*h Www*«; : hut,-wttis' war to<;« against the prffiefpte >ofl iMtlrovtwhjid prty "' tatssore'bsveibereraeamg the tourgeoBontlovirameiitthedatybf dilating so me scheme by whloh the creamof vroWpgclewe* tnpy^bj adujittod to.tlkjr falrfbare tan# of of mere numbers against ranks fcnraerlnaUy feeblir, though r'chi-r in culture, experience, thoughtfolsesa, and wealth. Sinoe the debate iu the House of Commons, Lord Klobo, who opposed Mr. Balnea's bill by moving the pre-. vluuBqucslion, has given notice that be will move tor si Royal Oomtnledon to ibqnlra how the Parliamentary fmnchlse may bo U nefieially extended. As might bo expected, the notice excited some derision .among the advanced and wbole- bog school of reformers, bnl such a method may rescue the question fromits present btUledorsaUdsbuMU-c jOkcon dition, ami lead to some solution. If anything Is to be dune, the universal suffrage men must abate some of their pretensions, We mnst be protected against the domination of anyone class. The papers teem with compUosted cchemee and fancy franchises, but none of them command genets! approbation. Dr. Tern pte, of Rugby, writing to Tht fYmei. Sdg geete a plan which would create two t dally distinct constituencies throughout the king dom, electing In em bets for the same districts and at the as me Ume. One sronld con-irt of the present electors, with greatly narrowed representation: arid the other would be made op of every man found -on the rate-books, who would -elect; a second Beiics of county members. At the same time, a National Reform Union, hitting at Manchester, under the presidency of tbe former chairmen of the Anti-Oars Law League, recommends the constituencies throughout the country to support no candi dates for their suffrages who will not pledge themselves actively to support a comprehen sive measure of reform wblcb, while It.pro vfdte for a lares extension of the franchise, shall not r,cognise tbe principle of finality. The two grunt speeches of the debate were dt-iivertd by Mr. Lotre and Mt. Horsmao, and will well repay, pern sal. While they were able vindications of the apparent Incon sistency of Liberal numbers iu regard to the reform question, they eloquently exposed the dangers iuto which We should drttt by oom mitllug tbe country to any piecotm-al legisla tion like that advocated by Mr. Batnes and onr Atmrlcaufaing doelrimlrei. 