The Metropolitan Stage. Dear Bell,— At the Theatre Royal, the event of the week has been the revival of 'Hamlet,' with Mr Hennings in the principal character./. Do not misunderstand rce. He has not laid aside the palette and the maul stick in favour of the cothurnus and the tragic mask ; but his scenic illustration? of the tragedy entitle him to be considered as the reienine star and chief attraction. I will not say that the text of the dramatist has been overlaid by the embellishments of the artist, but there is no doubt that the latter have been mainly instrumental in filling the theatre -nith spectators, and procuring them the gratification to which they have not been backward in testifying by their applause. Assisted by Mr. Freyberger and others, Mr. Hennings has set before us a number of beauti ful pictures, creditable alike to hia taste, his abibty his industry, his inventivenrs&rad; his research. Although the Castle of Kronberg was not built at the date when Shakespeare represents the plethoric and short-winded Prince as soliloquising inits spacious chambers, lunging at the arras on its walls, and holding a colloquy with his father's ghost upon the ramparts, the anachronism may be forgiven lui huts ortnu ui huu|nv(Huii; nuivu luu uuujttu mind derives from the association of the creatures of the imagination, or of half mythical personages, with actual localities and existing edifices. Our Danish kinsmen, in their anxiety to minister to this sort of pleasure, have provided Hamlet with no less than three tombs ; so that whon an English tourist asks to be conducted to tho grave of the princely moralizer, he is asked, ' which one ?' Hamlet, as you know, never was at Elsinore, but as John Bull insisted upon it that he had lived and died there, a bran new tomb was erected to his memory. So many foreigners flocked to visit it, that it seriously inconvenienced the owner of the land, who thereupon put up a second at the other extremity of his property ; but then, it is said, nothing would satisfy the curious but they must see both ; so he demolished these two, and pointed out a stone land-mark elsewhere a3 the veritable monument of 'Hamlet' Persons accus tomed to drop their 'h's,' may be glad to learn that the name cf the Prince was spelt Amlet by Saxo Grammaticus, who states that he married a daughter of the King of England (alas for poor Ophelia !) and on his return to Jutland ho murdered his uncle in his bed ; then, revisiting England, he com mitted bigamy by marrying Henn Drude, Queen of Scotland, and eventually revisited Jutland with both his wives. Thero he perished on the field of battle, and Herm married tho royal Jute who had given Amlet his coup de grace. So that, on the whole, this semi- fabulous, semihis torical Amlet was a verv nice votmfr man. and seems to havo been acquainted with some very nice people. Of the performance at tho Theatre Koyal it is unnecessary to speak, as the pubUc are so familiar with it ; but I ob serve that the manager on this, as on former occasions, has followed the example set by John Kemble, and in the scene in which Hamlet upbraids hia mother for preferring his undo to his father, has introduced two full-length portraits of the brothers, so as to give additional point to tho well-known lines: — 'Look here, upon this picture, and on this— The counterfeit ^presentment of two brothers, etc.'. Whether the queen, or her second hus band, would have suffered his ill-looking features to be placed in immediate juxtapo sition with the handsome face of her dead lord, is very questionable. I don't think either of them would. Mrs. Major Badger might have done so, but not the Queen of Denmark. How could she look at tho por trait of tho dead king without remembering the crime of the livintr one ? Whnrefnm. T concludo that John Philip Kemblo was not infallible in hia stage management Bather more than a hundred years ago, a poor lad, whoso father, hod kept a shoe maker's shop and whose mother had. sold vegetables pud oysters, was employed as a stable-boy in the servico of John Watson, training and riding groom to Lord'Vemon, in tho neighbourhood of Newmarket, receiv ing four guineas a year as wages, and an annual suit of livery. He slept in tho stable with the horses, was a light weight, had a good seat in the saddle, was sober, civil, and attentive ; spent his leisure hours in reading any book that fell in his way, and was so intent on studying arithmetic, that, for want of other appliances, he often got an old nail, and cost upsums on the paling of tho stable yard. When he left Newmarket he returned to his father's trade and cobbled shoes. Then he became a teacher in a school ; .and after wards opened a day-school of his own, living for three months on potatoes and butter-milk, and only obtaining one scholar. Then he thought of enlisting for a soldier, but was persuaded to turn strolling player :. and so commenced the career in which he afterwards distinguished himself, if not as au actor, at any rate as a dramatic author. Tho stable Doy was xnomaa noicroic, ana to coo .new market episode of his life wo no doubt owo tho character of Goldfinch, in tho ' Road to Ituin,' played at the Haymarkot on Saturday last And it may be said that Mr. Hoakins's is the best Goldfinch, as Mr. Brooke's was tho only Harry Dornton, and Mr. Lambert's tho only Old JJornton we havo seen upon the Melbourne stage. It was abitof choice comedy acting, sufficiently individualised to redeem it from the charge of . being a copy ; and sufficiently impressed with tho characteristics of Goldfinch as presented to us by tho best of the old actors, to bIiow that Mr. Hoskins is faithful to tho sound traditions of his art Tho carelessness, tho inoffensive vulgarity, the volubility, tho ungainlincss, tho exube rant animal spirits, and tho intense ' horsi ness' of this obstreperous high-flyer, woro capitally pourtrayed, and overy repetition of 'That's your sort!' was as offectivo as though it had been hoard for tho first time. Tho Widow Warren of Mrs. Alfred Phillips was a worthy companion-piece to Mr, Hos king's Goldfinch, and would have been, per fect but for an occasional lapse of memory, and an occasional over-straining of points. Mrs. Hill entered with great spirit into the character of Sophia, and Drought into salient relief its unsophisticated and hoyden girlish ness. Mr. Stewart's Sulky was played with consistent moroseness, and Mr. Stanley made much of the small x-art of Jacob. Mr. Hill was too demonstrative as Silky, and omitted to continue in the same key in which ho commenced; so that the plausible,, smooth tongued, and insinuating usurer of tho second act was lost sight of by tho performer long beforo tho closo of tho comedy. Mr. Hollo way was not at homo 'in the character of Harry Dornton, nor did Mr. Milne show him self capable of grappling effectually with that of tho old banker, so wayward in Ids moods, and so agitated by contending emo tions, each of which obtains - a temporary ascendancy over his mind. ; Tho Oriental Hippodromo has takon tom porary possession of tho Uaymarket Theatre, and opened on Monday night to a vory good house, tho weather considered. Tho eques trian performances are neither remarkable for their novelty nor their brilliancy ; but somo of tho othor features of the entertainment are excellent Mr. Jerry Blossom is ono of tho best clowns I havo Been for many a long day. IIo is quite sui generis. In foot, a new variety— tho Minim A mericanus. His quaint stories derive additional quaintness from tho national twang, and his jokes never hang fire. He is naturally a comedian, and I should say that 'motley' is not his 'only wear.' His patter songs are capital, and ho Beams to possess an inexhaustible fund of morrimont, and is thoroforo certain to bo como a gonerul favourite I was at ono time indiaed to boliovo that tho race of Clowns of the Ring had died out ; but Jerry Blossom has made me a convert to a more hopeful faith. The performances of tho two chil dren of Mr. Stevens are as extraordinary in their way as those of the Lenton Troupe. These children are as lithe as eels, as flexible as whalebone, as active as grasshoppers, as agile as antelopes, as resilient as india rubber balls, as supple as ' withes, and as graceful as fawns. They can be spun round like cock-chafers, tied up into a knot like a hank of whipcord, and tossed about like a shuttlecock. They seem to be all tendon and cartilage, nerve and muscle, and they accomplish such difficult feats, that you would not feel excessively surprised by their winding up with a flip-flap somersault, and jumping down their own throat*. They took the audience by storm in much the same way as the Lenton Troupe did ; and the effect they produce is all the more extra ordinary from the fact of their following such great favourites. Mr. George Gillham's act of cquitatioD, as the British foxhunter, on two bare-backed horses must not be passed over without praise; but I think the 'comic' ballet of the 'Merry Milliners' might be omitted with advantage to the actoreandtheaudience. A midday performance is announced to take place this (Saturday) afternoon for the sake ot schools and families, and I don't know of a greater treat to young Australia than the entertainment which will be provided for them at the Haymarket Theatre. — Yours, etc, OLIVER SURFACE. Provincial. Ballaarat. — Miss Clcveland'sengagement at the Theatre Royal terminates on Satur day (to-day). During her three weeks' en gagement she has won golden opinions from all lovers of sensational dramas. On Monday last a new one was produced, 'Pauline, which was well received. The Irish comedian, Mr. O'Neil, will probably be the ascendant ' star' next week, and he, is I am informed, will be succeeded by Lady Don, immediately on her arrival from South Australia. Some years have now elapsed since her ladyship honoured this provincial theatre with her graceful presence and acting. x-&nviuu.; — luc .uj-i^luu j.ucabru Jiavuig been engaged by Mr. James Simmonds for two weeks, re-opened on Monday night with Mr. O'Neil, the Irish comedian, and a new dramatic company, for the most part com posed of the following members of the Hay market company: — Mr. and Mrs. Walter Hill, Mr. and Airs. Holloway, Mr. James Milne, Miss Melville, Mr. Hal], with Mr. Fry as scenic artist The pieces selected by Mr. O'Neil for hia first appearance wero 'Ireland as it Was' and 'Barney the Baron,' in both of which his acting was fully appreciated by a numerous and enthu siastic audience. Air. O'Neil's style of act ing appear* exactly to suit the tastes of the usual frequenters of this place U amusement, and his engagement hero gives promise of success, both pecuniary and otherwise. Our old favourites, ;Mr. and Mrs. Walter Hill and Mr. Milne were greeted with a round of applause on making their first appearance this season, and rendered good service to Mr. O'NeiL Geeloko. — The engagement of the Lenton Troupe terminated on Saturday, the per formance being exceedingly well patronised. They left by the Black Swan on Monday for Launceston, where they intended opening on Wednesday. Colonial. Aucklajtd.— The Southern Cross of 7th July announces :— The performances at the Prince of Wales Theatre, last night, were for tho benefit of Mr. J. P. West, when Tom Taylor's comedy of ' Tho Unequal Match' and tho comedietta of 'His Last Legs' wero presented. This was an excellent selection, and the pieces were well performed, Mr. West, in particular, playing with great spirit and skill. We regretted to notice that the theatre was not so well filled as it ought to have been on the benefit of bo deserving an actor as Mr. West BniSDAUE.— Tho Lystor Opera Company, after performing with great success nt Ipswich, returned to Brisbane, and re-opened on the 20th inst, with ' Faust,' followed by 'Les Huguenots' and 'LaSonnambula.' The company will speedily return to Mel bourne. CnnisTcnrmcH'. — Our correspondent under date 15th July writes: — 'Tho management of tho Princess has announced the lost week but one of the present season. Mr. J. L. Hall has appeared as Rip Van Winklo with considerable success ; the burlesque of ' Tho Maid and The Magpie' was produced for tho benefit of Miss WiBeman ; Miss Rosa Cooper was the Pippo ; Mrs. Hall, Ninette j Mr. Harding, Fernando ; and Mr. Hall, the Jew. Tho pieco was most successful. Professor Bushell opened here on Saturday last for three nights. On Tuesday Miss Rosa Cooper took her farewell benefit, and appeared as Kathleen Mavourneen in a drama of that name, written by Mr. Harding, and founded on tho somo incidents as tho ' Peep of Day.1 There was a very good house.' DtrsEDpr. — Our correspondent writes : ? ' The Princess Theatre has passed into the hands of a new management, Mrs. Wolfe's lease having expired. It will again change hands on -the 31at of tho present month, whon Messrs. Mumford and Donno assume tho reins of management Mr. Charles Dillon during his last engagement has drawn somo good houses. Tho Theatre Royal will, it 19 reported, open on the 1st of August Sydney.— From last Saturday's Herald we extract as follows :— ' During tho past week tho Christy's Minstrels, performing at the Prince of Wales Theatre have been very fairly patronised. Tho songs and quartettes' in tho first part of their entertainment (which is frequently varied) elicit very general com mendation ; the solos of Messrs. Rainford, Melvyn, and Braham aro always well given, and the popular quintette, ' Como where my lovo lies, dreaming,' is rendered with that delicate harmony and precision which proves the Minstrels to be musicians in the legiti mate senso of the term. Tho second part is no less popular than tho first, and is devoted to tho comic element of negro life, character istic and challenge dances, and a ballad -or r1/*nn**ififi va a'nnn VoBrnwinn »?-?*«!?*» _ ? L programmo was submitted to the audience including a recitative and trio on tho death of Abraham Lincoln. Thero is to bo a mid-day performance this afternoon, and wo may re mind tho patrons of the Christy's that the noxt will bo the last week of their perform ance at tho Princo of Wales. Tho entertain ments at tho Victpria during the past week havo boon of a varied character, and havo at tracted tolerably largo audionces. On Monday tho 'Hilton tho Red Mountain' was produced, in conjunction with a musical melange, in which Mr. H.Curtis, acomic vocal ist from London, sang several songs ; Pablo Fanquo'stight-ropo performance, andtho tared of Aunt Charlotte's Maid. On Tuesday, tho performance was in aidof tho restoration fund of St Mary's Cathedral, when tho ' Corsiean Brothers' was performed to a very good house, tho evening being mado out with several etcotaras. Wednesday's bill was a repetition of Tuesday's. On Thursday, Pablo Fanquo took a benefit, when tho programmo inclutlod tho Scamps of London, somo dancing, Pablo Fanquo's performance, and Paul Maxoy's negro eccentricities. Tho first item in tho programme last night was a sensation drama — 'Jack, and Jack's Brother,' followod by somo lighter matters.' Misoollanoous. Tire Lancashihe Bull Rinoers, aftor a successful tour in Tasmania, returned to Melbourne, and havo gone on to Queens land. Chinese Theatricals.— Tho programme of a Chinese performance at Ararat in aid of the funds of tho local hospital was thus de Bcribed in tho Advertiser: — ' A grand play will bo presented, for the first tiino on Ararat, the following particulars of which huvo been kindly handed to us by a Celestial friend, and which wo havo no doubt will bo road with interest by those desirous of under standing tho plot of the play to bo ropro Bented: — 'That play at first time, for six nation, because nmko a groat war. It is tiino very wild. During this time was one poor man whose name was Che Turn, but ho Beo thatthefoe cannotquitnow-.but he will make a peace of the war,- for he is ability and great to merit After, the six nation fraternise. Then six nation will vote this Minister of State for himself, and order each nation ono governor and so much soldiers convoy. He returned home see his father and mother again.' This piece, we understand, is mainly chosen, as it affords the meanB of exhibiting the magnificent dresses of tho Chinese per formers, of which there are fifty-aix in num ber. A Chinese lady, Sing Foue Mai, will be drawn in her chariot by lour richly capari soned and highly trained Bteeds. After this piece a variety of tumbling will bo introduced, to be followed by tho favourite spectacle of the ' Emperor.' The whole to conclude (as our Chinese informant told us) with thirteen other pieces, which of course must necessarily be very short, or the entertainment will be unusually long.' 