NEWS AND NOTES. A meeting was held at the Sebastopol Mechanics' Institute on Friday evening, for the purpose of ex- pounding the principles of protection and furthering the interests of the Industrial League. There were about fifty persons present, and the Mayor of the borough occupied the chair. Mr D. Blair was the first speaker, and he moved the usual resolution adopting the principles of the League and the minis- terial programme of protection. In doing so he asked how it was that the free traders aad protectionists diflered so much, while both professed to be anxious to see the colony prosper? This he answered by saying that the free traders were dishonest and the protectionists honest. He submitted that the cry against the present Land Act was got up by land sharks and jobbers and swindlers, and was "all bosh and a designed im- posture;" and that was precisely the case with the free traders in their opposition to protection, the opposition to which was an "impudent false- hood," and was simply an effort to secure the whole import trade of the colony for some dozen Melbourne houses, by which monopoly to crush all other dealers and prevent the development of local industries. Canada was a proof that protective duties did not make things dearer, and when that fact should be once mastered by the people here there would be an end of Mr Langton's "preaching of nonsense and im- posture," and of the "scurility and blackguardism" of the free traders. The speaker contended that he was a faithful disciple of J. S. Mill, and that the Victorian freetraders were not; for Victoria was just Mill's exception, and he (Mr Blair) had chal- lenged the freetraders to disprove that position, and the challenge had never yet been met. Mr Bowman, "as a working man, and a father of a family," seconded the resolution, remarking that J. S. Mill was a very good reasoner, but sometimes his postulates were wrong, and that the people here "felt protection to bo true by instinct, though they might not be able to prove it so by argument." Mr Kyle moved an amendment, to the effect that the meeting did not approve of the principles ol the Industrial League, as explained that night. He said he had not heard how the miner was to be protected, and he feared "there was something behind the screen." The amendment was seconded by some person in the meeting. Another person wanted to know how the duty of 2s a box on candles, which would amount to £50 a year to a mining company, was to be made good by protection. An other person asked if Mr Kyle was opposed to the development of the resources of the colony. Mr Kyle said he was not; but he thought the protection machinery would never do it. Mr Blair replied to the amendment, saying the miner would be benefitted by the general prosperity which protection would bring, in the creation of a variety of handicrafts, in which all kinds of skill and craft could find employment,-the £50 a year duty on candles being, in fact, an inconsiderable trifle to a large mining company,-while it was necessary that m an equitable tariff for the general good such duties should be imposed. Mr Kyle wanted to be still further enlightened, but Mr Bowman protested against any further speeches, as irregular, and then made a speech himself by way of further reply to the amendment. The resolution was carried, about half a score of hands being held up for the amend- ment. Several persons took tickets in the league, and the proceedings closed with a vote of thanks to the Mayor. The notorious Mary Ryan, who was only dis- charged yesterday forenoon from the Eastern Police Court, from a charge of drunkenness and vagrancy, on her promising to leave Ballarat at noon, was taken into custody in the evening for creating a disturb- ance in Main street, opposite the John O'Groat Hotel. Sue was quite drunk at the time and had a large crowd round her, and so violent was her conduct that it required four constables to take her to the lock-up, and in the journey thither, she managed to bite Sergeant Larner and one of the constables in the hand. An elderly man, named William Johnston Berne, who has been for some years in the employ of Mr D. Macrae, draper, Bridge street, was arrested yesterday afternoon, by Detective Hyland, on a charge of embezzling money belonging to his employer. Mr Macrae, it appears, has missed money for several months back, but for some time failed to discover the way it went. At length, however, suspicion rested on the prisoner, and the detectives having been communicated with, a number of half-crowns were yesterday marked and given to persons to purchase articles at the shop from the prisoner. The plan succeeded admirably, and the prisoner, in the afternoon, having failed to account in the usual way for several of the sales that were known to have been made, Detective Hyland entered the shop and ac- costed him in reference to them, and ultimately took him into custody, when a number of the marked half-crowns were found in his possession. The pri- soner, we are informed, was in receipt of £3 per week, besides his board and lodging, and on several occasions when Mr Macrae had been obliged to go to Melbourne on business, was left in charge of the establishment for several days. The prisoner, it is said, is not married, and it is to be hoped, if the charge against him be proved, that such is the case. The case will probably come before the Eastern Police Court on Monday. A traveller named Meade D. Heron in the employ of Messrs Murton and Leggo, brewers, Ballarat, was arrested at Creswick on Thursday night, on a charge of embezzling money belonging to the firm and will we are informed, appear before the District Police Court to-day to answer the charge. The scoring at the second of the series of rifle matches for Private Freidlein's challenge cup will be found elsewhere. We understand that a challenge has been sent from the Rangers to the Creswick corps and also to the Carlton corps, for a friendly match. Over fifty of the Volunteer Rangers turned out for parade last evening on the Camp Reserve. The pre- sent moonlight nights appear to be taken advantage of by the corps, in so often turning out at the sound of the bugle, aad the frequency of the parades appears to be highly favorable to the efficiency of the corps. The adjourned meeting of the Creswickshire Council, on Thursday, lapsed for want of a quorum and was adjourned till 22nd instant. Crs J. Richard- son (in the chair), Broomfield, Pegler, and R. Richardson afterwards formed a finance committee, and ordered the payment of various accounts, amounting to £386 9s 6d. The Theatre Royal will be reopened this evening under the management of Mr Stuart O'Brien him- self an old favorite here. A great attraction is promised in the company engaged, and principally in the person of Mr O'Neil, an Irish actor of some celebrity. The performances will commence with "Ireland as it was," Mr O'Neil taking the part of Ragged Pat. Mr O'Neil will also appear as Barney in the afterpiece, "Barney the Baron." We may state also that the refreshment department of the house has been taken by Messrs Mallam and King, whose abilities as public caterers are very well known all over the colony. In an action in the County Court on Friday, wherein the plaintiff sought damages for having been arrested without a warrant, thejudge took occasion to give the public a little information upon the law of arrest. His Honor said that under the Town and Country Police Acts arrests for offences might be made by anybody without a warrant, and that con- stables were bound to arrest when called on to do so under the Act. The committee of the Ballarat District Hospital is evidently resolved on having the benefits of the charity administered in deserving and accredited quarters only. At the meeting of the committee, held on Wednesday evening, a report from the dis- penser was read, showing that no less than four hundred and fifty patients had been recommended by so few as ten subscribers to the institution, from 1st January to 26th May. The matter was sub- mitted to a sub-committee for report, and we pre- sume its recommendation will be seriously to curb the tender-heartedness of subscribers, to call their in- discriminate liberality in "recommendation" by no harsher term. Connected with this is the resolve of the committee, that the attention of subscribers be called to the law recently passed, rendering it imperative on recipients of the charity to sign a de- claration of their inability to obtain medical aid at their own cost. Subscribers are also desired to take note that all future recommendations- with signed declaration attached-must also be signed by the intended recipient. It appears from a report handed in by the collector, that the number of annual sub- scribers to the funds of the institution from the 1st January to 31st May amount to but 89, contributing £250 19s. Ploughing and sowing about Coghill's Creek, Tourello, and the vicinity, is nearly finished. Some of the farmers who sowed early have, in consequencc of the long interval without rain, had to sow the land again, and in some instances twice over the grain having perished in the ground owing to the continued dry weather. A meeting of the new coaching Company was held at the Grenville Turf Club Hotel, Derwent Jack's, on Wednesday, but owing to some mining meetings taking place at the same time, there was not a sufficient number of persons present to form a board of directors. Those present instructed the secretary, Mr Puryer, to issue circulars calling an adjourned meeting on Wednesday next, for the pur- pose of placing the company on a proper basis, and also for electing a board of directors. At the Concert Hall, Smith's Golden Age Hotel, Beaufort, on Tuesday evening, Mr William Hum- page, principal of the Beaufort Grammar School, delivered a lecture, the subject being "Our English Defaulters," illustrated by the lives and characters of Redpath, Robson, Sir John Dean Paul, and other such celebrities. The lecture was well received. At the conclusion a vote of thanks was passed to the lecturer, and a collection made in aid of the Beau- fort Grammar School fund. A Government Gazette Extraordinary, published on Thursday evening, notifies that a number of allot- ments, principally in the agricultural areas of Ararat and Warmambool, have, for various reasons, been withdrawn from selection. Those in the Ararat district have been withdrawn in consequence of a representation having been made by the mining board that the land was auriferous. The Herald says- "It is said that negotiations have been entered into by the Government to ensure the passing of the tariff by the Legislative Council. The terms are as follows:- The House to accept the Appropriation Bill with the tariff tacked on, con- ditionally upon the duration of the latter being limited to 12 months." A correspondent writes- "Allow me through the medium of your valuable paper to call the attention sfufn nf t"i Burvci"or, if there is one, to tbe dirty of the street surveyor, if there is one, to the dirty Armstrong streets. It is utterly impossible for a female to cross at all, and as a ratepayer in Arm- strong street, I do not see why a corner, where there is so much traffic should be entirely neglected. We (Herald) hear that the Government have under consideration the advisableness of withdrawing from selection certain portions of every run included in an agricultural area, so that in no instance will the whole of the squatters' holding be alienated. Another addition to the church architecture of the town has been partially finished; we refer to St Peter's Church, in Sturt street west, which is to be opened for Divine worship on Sunday by the Rev. John Barlow, incumbent of St John's, Melbourne. The portion of the church at present nearly com- pleted comprises only part of the original design, which includes transents from east to west, and also an octagonal chancel at the southern end. The main part of the building, as completed, is 80 feet in length by a width of 26 feet 8 inches, and will accommodate about 250 persons; but when the design has been fully carried out, there will be accommodation for over 4nn ^ ' there be accommodation for over 400?- °Ut' wi" be the structure w of Le e^v En r'?G Bt*le °f Gothic architecture, in vogue aboi^ H , period of the 13th century. In frn"t tu ? ^ginning of window, with entrancs porches at^a h lur,ge triPIa margins of the front and took windT 8lde- T)lB glass, with green cathedral glass In Mm"® of 8taincd glass ia also used in the other window ce^rei this are of squared bluestone, and measure tn ,h° WalIs plate 22 feet 6 inches; the height to Z ,?,the WaIU 46 feet. The insidewall, haveMt vV!?g0 bcin8 tered, and the whole of tbe seats are not the contractors will not bo long in gettin, fhn'- b.Ut nor of the building fully complefed ijnthte01D'e present time the cost of the erection liT >,7P 1° "tho Mr GD. Cuthbert is the architect MrT^1500" work T1,! f A . e contractors for the wood 1864,' that'it'if""1 BtOn-e.,wa,0 laid in September, The following extract from a letter from Captain Brown, late of the ship Callianee, lost at Camden Harbor, will be read with interest:-" The shores of Camden Harbor Bre entirely lined with rocks and great boulders of etone, in most places covered with rock oysters of very good quality; the rise and fall of tide being from 20 to 35 feet. There are at low water, many places in which the pearl oyster is found one specimen cf which in my possession contained two pearls, the largest one beiDg the size of a pea, the shell measuring at least nine inches across, but very few shells of any other description, and of those found, no new variety." The Presbyterian Church, lately commenced at Mount Beckwitb, is rapidly advancing towards com pletion. Tiie Avoca Mail has the following:-" An appa rently startling phenomenon occurred in Avoca on Wednesday morning last. About eight o'clock, a tandem appeared trotting up High street, in good order; the leader's traces tight, and both horses going very straighr, drawing only a pair of wheels. It appeared as if they were pulling the ghost of a coach with a phantom driver; and when the horses turned into the stable-yard of the Avoca Hotel, and pulled up quietly, great was the wonder what it could all mean. Inquiry was soon satisfied, how ever, by the discovery that tho morning mail-ioach from Maryborough had come to grief about n milo and a half from Avoca-the king- bolt-having broken, and the ' fore-carriage' thereby parted from the body of the coach. Mr Smith, ivho was driving, and who is well as a careful and punctual charioteer, was thrown from his seat, and sustained some bruises and scratches about the face. The coach was upset, but happily the passengers- three in number-sus tained no injury." In reference to the new patent blasting compound, Mr Joseph Copeland writes to U3 as follows: - " Having been invited, together with several gentle men, by Mr Martin, tho manager of the Australa sian Blasting Compound Company here, to witness some experiments of the blasting powder to be effected at the Corporation quarries, Kedan, oil Friday, I proceeded thither to judge for myself of its efficacy, knowing how beneficial the application of any new discovery is to the general welfare, when, as in this case, both safety and economy in use forms a mate rial feature in it. Several drills, from eighteen inches to three feet in depth, were charged with different quantities of the compound in pro portion to the depth of the drill, and the result in every instance was a decided success, more espe cially one charge o? 14 inches of the substance in a three foot drill, which removed by its explosive force, a very large mass of stone, one block ' alone, in my opinion, being about ten tons. The men who used the powder were unanimous in their approval of it 83 against the ordinary blasting powder, and pronounced their decision to take it in ! preference, though at first they were somewhat dubious as to its success, judging from it! appear ance. The tests were however witnessed by many, and there i3 little doubt from the safety, efficacy, and cheapness in its use that tho promoters of the new process in blasting operations will find that a large demand for their manu facture will spring up in the various mining districts, owing to a very valuable property possessed by it, viz:-the absence of those deleterious gasses emanating from the ordinary blasting powder, and which irrespective of being highly objectionable to the nasal organs crealo a great loss of time, as no human being can breathe or rather enter the vicinity of the explosion, till such time as tho smoke as it is .called, bus cleared away. By the new process it seems that operations by miners in close quarters can be immediately resumed after each blast. The experiments were executed by the men usually em ployed at the quarries and witnessed by several practical men connected with mining pursuits." At Beaufort, on 5th June, before Mr F. R. Pohl man, coroner, an inquest was held, touching the death of Margaret Pinnock. The jury found the following verdict, after hearing the evidence of William Winkley, Richard Pinnock (deceased's husband), and Dr Ridley:-"The deceased, Mar garet Pinnock, died from injuries received by her clothes accidentally taking fire on the night of the lutjune, 1865.'' The deceased was addicted to drink, and it appeared from the evidence that after being out in the rain for the greater part of the night she came home, and whilst sitting at the fire to dry her clothes, fell in. Particulars of tho ploughing match held on Thursday, under the auspices of the Glendaruel, Beckwith, and Clunes Agricultural Society, will be found elsewhere reported. Out of the nine prizes taken, six were by ploughs made by Tynan Bros., and one by a M'Kerrow, improved by the firm. 