OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] London, January 26,1865. Parliament opens on the 7th of February for the despatch of business, and as the Court returns from Osborne a few days later Her Majesty will not officiate in person at that ceremony. Indeed the tenor of the oommunicated article to the Times' some months ago would lead to the inference that Queen Victoria, having now a substitute in the Heir- Apparent, has bidden farewell to state ceremonials. It is on that ground, I im?gina t that the rumor has arisen that in consequence of his extra state duties and expenditure, Parliament will be asked to vote an extra £30,000 a year to the Prince of Wales. It may be remembered.that on his marriage the Prince was endowed with £40,000 per arnnm, in addition to what accrues from the Duchy of Cornwall, making £100,000 in aIL This is some £50,000 a year less than sufficed for the hut Prince of Wales (George IV.) who, however, had to sustain, or thought so, tbe position of "first gentleman of Europe." If the demand is made Parliament will no doubt accede to it, for the Prince is generally popular, and it is felt that economy in royal expenditure has been carried as far as is consistent with becoming hospitality. Another and more delicate subject in connection with the royal family has been openly canvassed in the papers, and I am therefore free to allude to it The amiable and universally popular Princess Mary of Cambridge has arrived at that time of life when people are apt to discuss matrimonial prospects. The public may be excused from indulging in some regret at the possibility of so charming a Princess .being cut off from wedded happiness because she happens to be in the direct line, though very remote, of succession to the Crown. A week or two ago a High Church paper took npon itself to announce that the Princess was actually married to Viscount Hood without the consent of the Queen, bat with, the sanction of the Church. The Times was -then authorised to state that the report was unfounded. But this bold denial does not, I believe, fairly represent the case. A few months ago the Princess Mary is understood to have looked so favorably upon the suit of the gallant Viscount that the matter was hud before the Queen, who objected to the alliance pro forma as contrary to the spirit of the Boyal Marriage Act. The. Princess has since been with her relatives in Germany, and will not return for a week or two. The papers have been looking up the Boyal Marriage : Act, and have discovered that the position of Her Hoyal Highness is not so helpless as had been thought. It is true that the consent of the Sovereign is necessary to tbe marriage with a subject of any prince or princess of the. royal blood. But, then, the person most in terested being above the age of 25 years can give notice of his or her intention to the Privy Council, and if within a twelvemonth the step is not con demned by both Houses of Parliament, the marriage may legally be solemnized. Whether any sucli steps will be taken in the present case is only matter of surmise, but it is quite certain that the marriage of the Princess Mary would be universally approved, and none the less because a high-minded English man, who has won a peerage in the service of his country, rather than a homoeopathic German dukelet, was the object of her choice. Returning to the question of the coming session, there is still every reason to expect quiet sittings, though such anticipations are often fallacious. We ire not to have a Beform Bill—that seems certain— nor any considerable retrenchment. Bnt a member at the Governmant has publicly stated that Mr. Gladstone may have a aorplns of three millions to divide among the various claimants. So far as parties are concerned, the chances of the Conserva tives coming into power are not improved. A great part of the Opposition seem to have accepted Lord Pahnerston for life, and he, in his .turn, regards him self as bound to propose nothing that will violently shock their prejudices. He is reported to have said that he lives on Mr. Disraeli's follies, and the Saturday "Renew suggests that if that .right hon. gentleman should feel it his duty, in conjunction with Sir Moses tfontefiore, to lead the scattered tribes of Israel a forty years' journey - through the wilderness back igain to Palestine, the Conservatives would have rea- Hra to hope and rejoice. It is doubtful, under present arcumstances, even if Lord Pahnerston were removed, whether the Conservatives would come in. I have lately had some talk with a, gentleman of high position in political life, who thus defines the "situation" :— The Qaeen, true to' the policy always favored by the late Prince Consort, would prefer a coalition Govern ment—a "Ministry of all the talents"—a scheme scarcely practicable under existing circumstances, hough advocated by the Crown. High Whigs look to Lord Clarendon as the coming man. But Earl Russell, though he consents to serve under Lord Palmerston, will never take office under another younger statesman. Aut Ceesar, aut nihil, is his maxim. It is doubtful also whether Mr. Gladstone, who would not object to the Premiership of Lord Russell, woold consent that any one but himself should lead the House of Commons. Lord Derby, who might perhaps come into power, is not anxious for office. Mr. Disraeli, who burns to reach that elevation, finds the task of reaching it as hopeless as were the labors of Sisyphus. Mr. Card well is winning golden opinions as Secretary for the Colonies. It has been his good fortune to proffer to the Australian colonies a boon, which his predecessor would have liked to have con ceded had his colleagues been willing. His despatch to Lord Monek, expressing approval of the proposed North American Confederation, is written with a heartiness of agreement and admiration very rare in official documents. Full justice is done to the K patient sagacity " which marked the deliberations of the Quebec Conference, and which enabled them "to arrive at unanimous conclusions on questions in rolving many difficulties, and calculated, under less favourable circumstances, to have given rise to many differences of opinion." Their decision he says " must inspire confidence in the men by whose judgment and temper this result has been attained, and will ever remain on record as an evidence of the salutary in fluence exercised by the institutions under which these qualities have been so signally developed." The Imperial Government, therefore, accept the resolu tions as " the best framework of a measure to be passed by the Imperial Parliament." Mr. Card well praises that feature of the plan which, while giving large powers of legislation to local bodies, has kept in view 'thejprinciple of central control.'" While expressing on behalf of the Home Government "generalapproval" of the resolutions, the Colonial Secretary takes exception to two provisions. He thinks that" the prerogative of pardon" should not be vested in the Lieutenant-Governors, but reserved for the representative of the Sovereign. He, moreover, wisely doubts if the plan of appointing the members of the Legislative Council for life, and fixing their number, be carried ont, whether " there will be any sufficient means of restoring harmony between the Legislative Council and the popular assemblv, if it shall ever unfortunately happen that a decided* differ ence of opinion shall arise between them." Mr. Card well concludes his despatch by saying—"Her Majesty's Government anticipate no serious difficulty in this part of the case, since the resolutions will generally be found sufficiently explicit to guide those who will be entrusted with the preparation of the BilL It appears to them, therefore, that you should now take immediate measures, in concert with the Lieutenant-Governors of the several provinces, for submitting to the respective legislatures this project of the conference; and if, as I hope, you are able to teport that these legislatures sanction and adopt the scheme, Her Majesty's Government will render you all the assistance in their power for carrying it into effect. It will probably be found to be the most con venient course that, in concert with Lieotenant- Governors, you should select a deputation of the persons best qualified to proceed to this country, that they may may be present during the preparation of the Bill, and to give to Her Majesty's Government the benefit of their counsel upon any questions which may arise during the passage of the measure through the two Houses of Parliament." In addressing his'constituents at Oxford on the 2nd inst., the Colonial Secretary took occasion to repeat in an informal manner his praise of the confederation scheme, and to express his belief that the proposal would meet with the approval of the entire comma-: nity. He then -referred in the following gratifying' language to the general relations of the mother country i and her colonies:—" Gentlemen—lt is given to other i countries to be great and powerful empires, but it: has been given to England alone to be also the mother of great and free communities.. In the last century we governed our colonies with too much regard to our own views, and too little regard to their views and interests. The result was a disastrous and discredit able conflict, and in the end we were compelled to say what we had much better have avowed in the begin ning, ' Wayward children, depart in peace.' There is no subject of the Queen of England who wishes now to depart from the British Constitution.' What the policy of coercion could not do, the policy of confl- j dence hasj?ffispted. (Hew.) Bat some_people aay, * Well, bat you are now taking the other extreme, and are governing your colonies too much for the benefit of the polonies, and too much at the cost of the mother -country.* WeW, lam ready to admit, and lam sure the colonies will assent, that no permanent and endur ing connexion can be formed upon that basis and that principle.. But what the colonists will be ready to assent to, and what we shall be prepared to go along with them to establish, is a connexion founded npon the enduring principles of mutual sympathy, of mutual interest^ of mutual advantage; and I believe that England may be proud to be the parent of such colo nies, and that the day may come in future when they 'will be both able and willing to repay the assistance and protection which they hare received from the mother country, and whim "^?"glnnd, speaking as the parent of those distant communities, may say she will be glad .to have her quiver full of them, and she will not be ashamed when she speaks with her enemy in the gate." (Hear, hear.) Such sentiments as these will find an echo in the breasts of Her Majesty's •objects in every part of Australia, and they presage a continuance of those cordial relations with the mother country which have been only momentarily disturbed by the troublesome transportation question. In these days of high priced meat, the question of the value of South American dried beet^ or c&aratcc;, has suddenly come into notice, and has been much discussed by correspondents of the limes during the past month, under the tempting Imaging " Beef at threepence per pound." The countries bordering on the fiiver Plate have long been known to contain countless herds of cattle, and have been for a long period the main source of supply of the ox and cow hides imported into Europe. Attempts have fre quently been made to introduce the beef into Eng land, but entirely without success, until within the last 15 months, when, through the labours and enter prise of a commission of English and South Ame rican merchants (whose names are given in a pam phlet published by Hedderwick & Son, Glasgow), two or three cargoes of dried beef were imported, and so much approved at the time that the quantities re ceived fell short of the demand by hundreds of tons. That demand, which at one time languished, has again revived. The aapply is at present unequal to the wants of our working population. There is now in Cbeapside aSouth American beef merchant, who states that the manufacturing population of the West Siding of Yorkshire realised at once the fact that the beef was an economical article, hastened to give it a trial, and, finding it both palatable and nutritious, took it into daily consumption. The chief obstacles to its wider use among our laborers and operatives are, first, ignorance of its existence, and, secondly, inattention to the proper mode of cooking it. These no doubt, will be soon overcome; and there seems every reason to believe that in the course of a year or two every working man will be able to obtain meat of the must nutritious description, and to give it to his family, at least once a week. As to the quality of the article, Henry Letheby, Esq., Professor of Chemistry in the College of London, testifies that the samples he examined were in excellent condition and well preserved, rather lean, but very tender and of good flavor, and that both the brine and meat were found to be quite free from deleterious or objectionable matter. Mr. Bridges Adams also eays that one pound of Chili charqui, is equal in nutriment to three or four pounds of fresh meat from which the water has notbeenexpressed. The same writer adds—Australia is an analogous climate to Chili, and, no doubt, first rate charqui could be produced there, and probably this would be the most profitable mode of mating it an article of merchandise by lessening the freight. But Australia can also produce a first-rate article of beef hermetically sealed in metal cases. Some years since, I was talking with Alderman Knnis on the subject of emigrant transit, and he said he fed those emigrants on fresh preserved meat in cases, which was prepared in Australia, and he realised it in London at 4d, per Ib. To satisfy me of its ex cellence he Bent me a case containing Blbs., which was of suoh good quality that I partook of it several days in succession, preferring it to fresh butcher's meat. There are, no doubt, many countries in the world producing cattle in abundance, and by various under stood processes their flesh might be preserved and sent to countries deficient in cattle. There seems now hardly any doubt that jerked beef will become an im portant article of consumption in this country. Perhaps South Australia may be able to put in a claim to supply it. In a recent letter to the Times (Jan. 24) the Bombay correspondent, in describing the wealth which the cotton trade has lately brought into that city, speaks of the very inadequate supplies of wheat, and the consequent high prices. Bombay cannot get enough of corn to feed its prosperous citizens. Per haps the snbject may be worthy of the attention of wheat producers in South Australia, if they have not in New Zealand and elsewhere ample markets for their surplus produce. I eee that the Commissioner of Crown Lands for South Australia has addressed a letter to Mr. Walters, their emigration agent in London, complaining that a proper supply of agricultural laborers is not sent out in the emigrant ships to Adelaide, and requiring that the proportion "of free to nominated emigrants shall in fature be not less than one-fifth of the whole. The truth is, I believe, that the tendency to emigra tion, owing to the extensive exodus of the last year or two, has greatly abated. Labor is becoming scarce in the agricultural districts; wages are some what rising in consequence; and the farmers, especially in the Southern counties, are using all their influence to prevent their men, ploughmen, and others, from emigrating. Ignorant boors are naturally averse from moving off their own soil, and are easily persuaded by those above them. Then labourers require to spend at least £5 in the deposit money and travelling expenses before they reach the port of embarkation. This is a large sum for an agricultural labourer to accumulate. The cream of our emigrating population has now been skimmed by the claims of the United States, Canada, South Aus tralia, Queensland, and Victoria combined, and what remain? is not so acceptable. Emigration agents have therefore increasing difficulties in their work. There is a restricted range of choice, and all the machinery employed to tempt people to emigrate to Australia, such as large placards and private influence, is found to fail increasingly, I think, therefore, your Government cannot expect so satisfactory a result of the efforts put forth for obtaining a supply of agricultural labourers for South Australia as has heretofore been the case. The Christmas pantomimes, burlesques, and extra vaganzas are etni running their course at the various theatres, and were never better attended. They have even takea possession of the two opera houses. At Covent Garden there is "Cinderella;" at Her Majesty's, "The Lion and the Unicorn;" Drury Lane has ? Hop o' My Thumb;" the Haymarket, " Princess Springtime;" the Princess's, " The Magic Horse and the Ice Maiden Princess;" and bo on. Upon some of the scenes at these theatres all the resources which inventive genius and art and science can command have been lavished. Messrs. Grieve and Telbin have matched with their seenio effects the pantomimes written by the facile pens of Mr. Henry Byron and Mr. E. L. Blanchard. Last year the ghost illusion was the great card. Now one legged danoers and clowns eeem to be the rage— "With oneJegged danoers one would draw the town; The other tries, too. with a one-legged clown." Donate, who performs his prodigies of agility at Covent Garden, and has danced himself into a state of illness, has been for the past month a greater lion than Sothern, who is once more impersonating " Garrick," Fechter, who iB performing in " Buy Bias," or Miss Bateman, who is making her hut appearances in "Leah." If Her Majesty's has no one-legged phenomenon, it can boast of the " Eidos Aoides," by which actor* and actresses without moving from the stage are ren dered visible and invisible almost in the same moment. One account eays of this remarkable scenic novelty: " Watched by the eye alone, the effect is of the most startling character. Upon the self-same spot where one character has been plainly visible but the twink ling of an eye previously, another in a totally different attitude is revealed. This in turn disappears, and the original figure returns with the addition of one or two others: Then these all die out together, perhaps to reappear in different order. As an illusion it is oertainly the most clever and successful of the day, for if the figures be not actually those of life in every case, they are revealed with as much sharpness and fidelity of coloring as rf the originals were presented to the view." Even Astley's has its Christmas pantomime this year, which, with all its absurdities, is infinitely better than the demoralising spectacle of Miss Menken as Mazeppa, suspended for the present, though I fear as it draws immense audiences—not relinquUhed. Notwithstanding the attractions of pantomime and burlesque, of gorgeous scenery, smart dialogue, pro fuse jests, and more abundant puns, which the theatres provide at this season, other places of amuse ment have enjoyed a full share of patronage Pro fessor Anderson has concluded a mostsQCOessful season with his magical phenomena at St. James's Hall, and has been engaged at the Crystal Palace but the Davenport Brothers, who are said to be k-not impostors, and whom the Professor has so often challenged in vain, have packed up their cabinet— which no longer draws the credulous—and gone into the provinces. Whether they are subsequently going to Australia does not appear. An attraction of a different kind stall keeps the metropolis in excitement. I refer to Mr. Spurgeon whose Metropolitan Tabernacle will hold a larger audience than the largest theatre, and is every Sunday crowded to the doors. It will hold 5,500 people seated, and 6,500 when crammed. Mr. Spurgeon's Church now comprises nearly 3,000 members. Of these 47 have become Christian ministers, 7 city missionaries, and 3 Bible women; he has 10 deacons and 23 elders, the duty of the latter being to attend to spiritual affairs exclusively. Connected with the Church is a Pastor'e College, in which some 83 students are at present being educated, and which is supported by the contributions of his friends and followers. Something like £26 a week is subscribed for this object by the weekly offering system. Eaoh of Mr. Spurgeon's Sunday sermons is taken down in shorthand and printed, and every Thursday some 20,000 are circulated over the length and breadth of the land. He besides issues occasional tracts, and his sermon on Baptismal Begeneration has had a sale of 200,000 copies. With the present year Mr. Spurgeon has commenced a new monthly maga zine called ? The Sword and the Trowel," intended to "report the efforts of those churches and associa tions which are more or less intimately connected with the Lord's work at the Metropolitan Tabernacle, and to advocate those views of doctrine and of church order which are most certainly received amonst us." The week before lost there were a aeries of special prayer meetings in the Metropolitan Tabernacle, con ducted by several ministers connected with the place or its pastor. The vast building was on eaoh occasion densely crowded, and the effect produced is said to have been very great. It was something like the revival scenes in Belfast some years ago. An account of one of these great gatherings says: " Several addresses were delivered, marked by unusual appropriateness and power; but these were felt to be feeble and ineffective compared with the strong crying and tears, that may be said to have been the character of the prayers of one and all the ministers and brethren who presented the confessions and entreaties of the multitude to the throne of grace. Without rant or even passion, the words of the speakers seemed to possess an electric power, moving and melting the hearts of hundreds, so that they oried out in the intensity of their feelings, or sobbed with emotion. At one period, following a most circumstantial and devout confession of the sins, first of ministers and then of people, the whole audience seemed to be under the burden of contrition to a degree that was painful to witness, till one gave out the hymn * There is a fountain filled with blood,' which was sung in a way never to be forgotten by those who heard it." The whole of the succeeding day Mr. Spurgeon was engaged in CTitmining .enquirers, so that, as he said, "he had not time so much as to get a piece of bread," and the result has been an addition of some 100 members to his church. Last Sunday week I paid my first visit to the Tabernacle. There was a 'wonderful assemblage of people, the eeatholders being admitted at a side entrance before the general public. In ten minutes every seat was occupied, every aisle filled; a sea of faces met the eye in the lower gallery, and ere long the upper tier was also crowded. " You cannot fail to preach inspiring sermons with such a congregation," said a minister lately to Mr. Spurgeon; and indeed it is an inspiring light, and the impression is heightened by the remarkable beauty and adapta tion of the interior of the building. A large semi circular platform accommodates the choir, and must I say itf—the reporters, above which is a smaller platform of similar shape for the pastor. As you are wondering whether anything can be heard above the confused hum and incessant coughing of the vast assembly,. Mr. Spurgeon's burly form, ruddy face—as though fresh from country breezes—is seen advancing to the railing, and the first words of his brief opening prayer seem to fill the chapeL What a voice reso nant, but not harsh—so easily bearing down the hum of a vast congregation, and baffling the energy of demonstrative coughers. The service is altogether simple and impressive. A hymn follows, sung with heartiness and effect by the entire congregation. With such a volume of voice, the quality to which is given by the choir and other proficients, no organ is needed to direct or control. Then M?\ Spurgeon reads and expounds with fluency and quaintness a chapter in Proverbs, and offers a simple and impressive prayer more chastened in style and reverential in spirit than in days gone by. A few more verses are sung sitting; after which the minister, for the sake of easy reference, moves bis table a little on one ride of the railing, and gives out his'text from' Daniel xL 33—" And they that understand among the people shall instruct many." The discourse, of course, had some bearing on the revival prayer meetings of the preceding week. It dwelt largely, and it must be added, superficially upon the various kinds of knowledge, and the importance of those who possessed spiritual truth imparting it to others by such means as were within reach. There was a hard hit at the development theorists; some sarcasm at -the expense of ArminianUm, which seems to be Mr. Spurgeon's favourite aversion j abundant use of the physical emblems of Scripture, and practical sug gestions of a sensible kind, offered in that peculiarly racy style for which the preacher is famed. Mr. Spurgeon does not aim high—does not attempt to spiritualize, nor give fresh and thoughtful views of the Gospel. But he brings all his dramatic power, good sense, manly eloquence, and vivid force of illustration to bear npon his subject. Cultivated taste may be disappointed, but his average every-day hearers are satisfied and impressed. And if he can reach the hearts and consciences of the many—if he can lay hold on large masses of the people and persuade them into a better kind of life, the thoughtful and critical may well be silent, and go elsewhere for a higher kind of preaching. But no one—such is the peculiar power and freshness of Mr. Spurgeon'e pulpit eloquence, can fail to listen. The service began at a quarter to 11, and by half-past 12 the Benediction was pronounced, and the vast con gregation dismissed. In my last letter I briefly noticed that the Pope had issued a new Bull, or Encyclical letter to the Bishops of the Boman Catholic Church. This unique docu ment, which is dated December 9, excited an extraor dinary sensation throughout Europe when its con tents became known. The enlightened friends and supporters of the papacy are everywhere struck dumb at the issue of such a document, especially at the present time. The Encyclical appears to have been a long while in gestation, and to have been amply dis cussed and perfected in the Congregation of the Holy Office. The Apostolic letter is accompanied by an appendix of 80 propositions, containing the principal modern errors inveighed against by the Pope. Seven refer to pantheism, naturalism, and absolute ration alism ; 7to moderate rationalism; 4to religious in difference; 20 to errors against the Church and her rights; 17 to errors current in civil society, and their relations to the Church ; 9 to errors of philosophy ; 10 to errors connected with Christian marriage; and 6 to modern liberty and the temporal sovereignty of the Pope. The Pope farther condemns Bilical socie ties, and all persons who hold that there is hope of the eternal salvation of those who do not belong to the true Church, and is careful to point out that who ever imagines a Protestant stands the faintest chance of being saved is most seriously in the wrong. The Encyclical has been more or less condemned by every Catholic Power in Europe, exoept one. In France its publication, except in reference to that por tion which refers to the Jubilee, has-been prohibited. The Emperor of Russia has followed the same course, and will, it is said, take the opportunity to declare that all the powers possessed by the Pope in Poland shall henceforth be exercised by an Arohbishop ap pointed by himself. In Italy the publication of the Bull has been forbidden without the sanction of the Government. Bavaria, it is announced, is resolved to " maintain the privileges of the State." Even the Spaniards cannot swallow the Encyclical, the Ministry having announced that they will "act energetically" against any priest who may break the law. The ! Austrian Government have permitted the promulga tion of the document according to the Concordat, but regard it merely as a statement of the Pontifical views, in no way requiring any alteration of the laws and regulations at present in that empire; but Baron Bach, their Minister at Borne, is said to have' done all in his power to prevent its publication, but contended in vain against " such colossal obstinacy." , The Prussian Government does not feel called upon to pronounce an opinion on the subject. The press of Europe, with the exception of that which is exclu sively Catholic, almest unanimously denounces the Papal effusion. You will no doubt have heard by submarine tele graph of General Sherman's arrival near Savannah, the opening of communications with the Federal j fleet off the coast, and the capture by assault on the | 13th of December of Fort McAllister on the Oquelac Biver, fifteen miles south-west of the city. Sherman thus formed a new bate, and his grand march of 300 miles was thus brought to an end. In a despatch to the Secretary of War, he says that his march was "mo?t agreeable," and that he "was not at all molested by guerillas." "We have not lost a waggon on the trip ; but, having gathered a large supply of negroes, mules, horses, &&, our teams are in far better condition than when we started. My first duty will be to clear the army of surplus negroes, mules, and horses. We have certainly destroyed over 200 miles of rails, and. consumed stores and provisions that were essential to Lee's and Hood'e armies." From the fall accounts since published of the expedition it appears that the losses during its progress from all causes were about 1,000 men, and that some 7,000 able-bodied negroes were gathered up in the march. The army during a considerable portion of their march extended over a breadth of country sixty miles wide, forty miles at times intervening between his right and left wings: During the whole time Sherman I completely baffled the Confederates as to his move ments, keeping a large cavalry force near Macon, so as to prevent the militia there under Cobb from leav ing that town, and preventing Wheeler from inflicting any material damage, or obstructing his progress. Not till the latest moment was it known that he would not attack Augusta, and then when he had concentrated his whole force at Millen, the junction station to that city, he proceeded by forced marches to Savannah, and prevented any concentration of troops there from Augusta. It is on the whole the most brilliant feat of the war. Of course Sherman at once marked Savannah for his prey. That city was immediately invested on all but the river side. That means of escape for General Hardee and the 11,000 militia who were defending the city was gradually being cut off, when on the night of the 21st of December he deemed it prudent hastily to evacuate Savannah, leaving behind him 150 guns, a large quantity of ammunition, and some 30,000 bales of cotton which were left uninjured, perhaps because they were the property of foreigners. The city contains s population of some 20,000 per eons, who hastened to make their submission to their cqnqueror. Savannah seems to be tired of the war | and the ruinous blockade. Its citizens bare conse quently been treated with unusual indulgence. Sher man has required no oath- taking, but has established a civil government and promised that commerce shall bo reopened to an extent commensurate with the wants of the people. The citizens have held a meet ing, the Mayor presiding, at which the following re markable resolutions were adopted :— Besolved—That we accept the position, and in the language of the President of the United States, seek to have " peace by laying down our arms and sub mitting to the national authority under the Consti tution, leaving all questions which remain to be ad justed by the peaceful means of legislation, conference, and votes." Besolved—That laying aside all differences, and burying by-gones in the grave of the past, we will use our best endeavors to bring back the prosperity and commerce we once enjoyed. Besolved—That we do not put ourselves in the position of a conquered city asking terms of a con queror, but we claim the immunities and privileges contained in the proclamation and message of the President of the United States, and in all the legisla tion of Congress in reference to a people situated as we are; and while we owe on our part a strict obedi ence to the laws of the United States, we ask the protection over our persons, lives, and property recognised by thoaelawe. By the accounts which have been received at the time I am writing Sherman was again in motion. Part of his army had left Savannah and landed on the South Carolina aide of the river, and had advanced 20 miles. His objective point was believed to be Branobville, 60 miles north- west of Savannah, where the Charleston,and Savannah, and Augusta lines meet. Of ooure that position was likely to be well defended by Beauregard, as its capture wonld entirely sever the communication between Richmond and the South- West. But his difficulty wonld be to find troops sufficient to cope with so large and veteran an army as Sherman's, 60,000 nun in aIL It is said that the Confederates were so impressed with danger from that quarter that General Lee had been appointed Commander-in-Chief, and had himself elected to take the command against Sherman in South Carolina. There is hardly any doubt that the war in this quarter will now assume a ferocious character, the exaspera tion of the North against that State beingparticularly strong because of its having been the chief instigator of secession. The defeat of Hood before Nashville is one of the heaviest blows snstained by the Confederates daring the war. Instructed by President Davis, that brave but foolhardy general, it will be remembered, marched round Atlanta and attempted to cut off Sherman's railway communications with Chatta nooga. He was driven off, and retreated through (he mountains into Alabama. As soon as Sherman saw Hood making for the Tennessee Biver, he hit npon the scheme of marching across Georgia, and destroy ing the railways in his rear, leaving Thomas to deal with the advancing Confederates. When Hood crossed the Tennessee at Florence, the Federals retired before him, and one fortified place after another fell into his hands. But he was marching away from his base, and his troops soon began to feel the effect of short supplies, cold weather, and in adequate ammunition. He came up with a portion of the Federal army at Franklin, and a battle ensued of doubtful result, in which the Confederates lost a dozenof their bestofncers. Hood then marched in front of Nashville, which is a vast entrenched camp. Here his ill-clad men Buffered much from the cold. But he made desperate efforts to cut off the communica tions of that city with the north, and block up the Cumberland Biver with batteries. Thomas for a while remained quiet, but on the 15th of December, having matured his plans and received reinforce ments, fell upon the Confederates at a time when they were weakened by the absence of cavalry and an infantry division sent towards Murfreesboro', overthrew Hood's left, and on the following day attacked and carried, after an obstinate engagement, the whole line of his entrenchments, with a very heavy lobb in men, prisoners, and guns to the Con federates. The retreating and demoralised army was punned for several days till it had got safely across the Duck Biver, 75 miles from Nashville, having lost 12,000 men and the greater part of its artillery. The pursuit was subsequently though languidly con tinued, both armies " floundering in the mud." But Forrest's cavalry, which had been away on the borders of Kentucky, rejoined Hood and protected bis rear. About Christmas Day, ten days after Thomas's first attack, Hood crossed the Tennessee, and proceeded to Corinth, Mississippi, probably 150 miles from Nashville, where he would be in communication with Telma and Mobile. Thus disastrously ended this foolish campaign. It is probable that Hood did not reach Corinth with much more than half his army. The Federals captured 68 pieces of artillery, about 10,000 prisoners, and his ?transportation." Of the actual killed and wounded there is no account. It will probably be some time before he can reorganise his scattered army. Meanwhile the whole of Tennes see is recovered to the Federals, and Thomas's army is set free to commence a new campaign. He does not, it seems, intend to proceed through Eastern Ten nessee towards Lynohburg, the whole of that wild district of South Western Virginia having been recently desolated by a tremendous Federal raid, and the salt and lead works greatly injured. But Thomas is about to make as his new base ISasport, near Florence, on the Tennessee, whence he can operate in Alabama, in the direction of Montgomery and Mobile, prevent Hood from retiring into Georgia, and at the same time be in railway communication with the North and with Chattanooga. But Hood's army, though greatly weakened, wfll stall be able, no doubly to check his progress. For these heavy reversesjthe Confederates have been to some extent compensated by the signal failure of the grand expedition to Wilmington.—[As contained in our other American news.] There seems to be no doubt that the Confederates are in a state of con siderable discouragement at the present time. The Richmond Sentinel, believed to be Mr. Davis'e own organ, lately contained an article, said to be writtenl by the President himself, advocating the abolition of j slavery as the best means of recruiting their armies with negroes, and obtaining the recognition of Europe, and of asking for the protection of England and France rather than submit to the North. General Lee has himself formally recommended to Congress the arming of negroes, and it is said that a secret session of that body has authorised the imme diate enlistment of 60,000 blacks. The Richmond Examiner speaks in a leader of the " thin and wasted line of Lee's immortal veterans," and adds, " if we suffer that line to waste away too far, then come deluge and chaos, and (for us) the end of the world." The affair of the St. Alban'e raiders at one time seriously threatened the pacific relations between the Federal Government and Canada, It was decided by Judge Coursol at Montreal that Lieut. Young must be acquitted, because the Act under which he was tried had not received the royal assent. This appears to have been a mistake. However, the whole of the raiders were released, and their plunder restored to them. Great was the indignation in the States. General Dix at once issued a military order autho rising the local militia to pursue Buch raiders into Canadian territory; and notice was given of the ter mination of the Beciprocity Act, and of the intention of the Washington Government to equip ships of war on the lakes. The Canadian Government promptly repudiated Judge Coarsol'e decision, ordered the rearrestment of. the raiders, and called out the Border militia to repress further acts of war from a neutral territory. The Canadian press, moreover, denounced with groat vigor the ingratitude of Confederate refugees who made their place of asylum a base for carrying on acts of war, with the avowed intention of embroiling their j country and England in war with the United States. President Lincoln responded by abrogating General Oil's order. Animo?ity on both sides has subsided, and the storm has passed over. Most of the raiders are again in custody, and are being tried in the Canadian Courts. There is little fear that any such difficulty between the two Governments will again arise. The British press has almost unanimously supported the Canadian Government in their measures for discharg- j ing the obligations of good neighborhood. You will be pleased to hear that the base outrage upon the population of Lifu, and the interruption of the Protestant mission there by the French Governor of New Caledonia, is not likely to pass unnoticed. Particulars of the invasion have been pub lished in the Times, and have occasioned considerable sensation in this country, i Lord BusbbU took up the matter promptly, and before he was waited upon called the attention of the French Government to the ontrage. It is quite understood that in his arbitrary proceedings M. GuiUain acted without instructions. Deputations from the Missionary Societies have waited on the Foreign Minister, and there is reason to believe that his remonstrances will have the requisite effect, and induce the French Government to disavow the acts of then: subordinate, and make snch reparation as is possible. And here I may mention that the sub scription of Sunday School children throughout the country for the purchase of another ship to replace the John Williams is satisfactorily pro ceeding. There is no doubt that £5,000 will be obtained, if not more, and it is probable that a screw steamer will in future be used to make the round of the Polynesian Islands. The Obituary contains the following deaths of eminent personages:—Sir John Fraser, Lady de Dunstanvule, Sir Alexander Bannerman, Bev. Dr. Burder, Mrs. Charles Tempest, the Earl of Ilchester, Lady Brougham,-the Ven. Archdeacon Tanbrill, Dr. Baikie, SirA. D. Croft, Sir Joseph Sawle, Judge Ball, the Dower Marchioness of Londonderry, Mr. Oharlai Grenile. 