In the absence of any more exciting topic of amusement and amazement, all Europe is either laughing at, or is indignant with, tho Pope's eiicyclical letter. Without being a humorist, Pio Nono has written the funniest epistle that has yet seen the light in the nineteenth century. Hood is distanced and Sydney Smith completely beaten by it. There is nothing half so diverting in the Pugsley papers or the Plymley correspon dence. The poor old pontiff, with one foot in the grave, seems bent on departing this life, like Rabelais, with a jest on his lips ; for, howsoever serious may have been his intention in penning this document, its ludi- crousness must be apparent to the meanest understanding. At first we were half in doubt as to tho authenticity of this remark able composition. We imagined that some archaeological joker had found it among the Papal state papers of the fifteenth cen tury, had altered the date from 1464 to 1864, and had given it to the world as Pro Nono's ; but, when we find the Russian and the French Governments treating it as a grave reality, we are bound to conclude that the letter is genuine. Yes, it has been written and published in an age of free inquiry and of scientific investigation ; when the prin- ciples of civil and religious liberty have been firmly established in the more enlightened nations of the world ; when the will of the people constitutes the supreme law in the best governed states of Europe and America ; when the freedom of the press guarantees and protects the freedom of the individual ; when the dogmas and superstitions of the past are subjected to a rigorous analysis, and rejected whenever they are found to be re pugnant to truth ; and when sacerdotal authority is fast becoming a tradition of bygone times. Progress, liberalism and modern civilisation stand condemned by the head of the Church of Rome,, and the successor of St. Peter solemnly assures us that Protestants must not enter- tain the remotest hope of salvation ! Miserable wretches that we are ! Progress is anathematised, and yet it continues its majestic march, heedless of the decrepit old man who stands by the roadside jiiid lifts his withered arm in feeble deprecation of the giant's onward stride. Liberalism is tho political creed of a hundred million men in England, Italy, America, and Australia, and tho aspiration of as many more upon the Continent of Europe, and it will con tinue to be so long after the senile pontiff has been gathered to his fathers. Civilisa tion is overflowing the world, and the resist ance offered to it by the encyclical letter of the Pope is as impotent as would be the attempt to hobble an elephant with a piece of packthread.'Who does not remember the calmly dignified declaration of GALILEO, when he had been condemned for asserting that tho earth revolved on its own axis — 'Eppure si muove?" And civilised mankind will shout in the car of Pius the Ninth, when he inveighs against progress, ' Eppure 'si muove.' In one of Mr Dickens' stories he describes tho strange unearthly noises which proceeded from an ancient and decaying house just before it collapsed and became a heap of ruins. These sounds were the prelude of destruction. The rotting timber, the crumb ling brickwork and the yielding foundation found voices of their own and vaguely pro phesied an impending calamity. Is not this encyclical letter a prediction also ? Is there not something in its accents which remind one of 'the gibbering 'of those ghosts who are reported to have appeared in tho streets of Rome just before the full of Julius CÆSAR ? While 'this extraordinary docu ment, this modern antique, this epis tolary anachronism, seems to eqpitomise the past history and the past policy of the Papacy (viewed as a political organisation) It may also serve as its epitaph. Almost every line it contains is antagonistic to the dearest interests, and the most ardently cherished convictions of civilised mankind. By declaring the uncompromising hostility of the Pope to tho freedom of the press, to re ligious toleration, and to liberty of worship, it, in effect, asserts that the -ancient church can have no sympathy with, or cordial re lations to, modern society. Each is tra velling in an opposite direction. Society is advancing towards the goal of a higher civili sation, and is purifying its religious faith by the way ; while the pontificate broods over the congenial darkness of the middle ages, bewails the loss of its hold upon the respect and the affections of Christendom, and dreams of infallibility, unity, proscription and persecu tion. Opus operatum est. Its work is done. Nothing remains but to die with decency and dignity. Its existonece is palpably in compatible with the present condition of mankind. Even in Naples, the city of St. Januarius, the encyclical letter has been turned in tho public streets. France resents it, Austria rejects it, and it remains to be seen whether Spain will falsify tho hopes which have been entertained respecting her regeneration by accepting a document suitable only to the epoch of Philip II., or of Charles V. That the issue of this letter will accelerate the overthrow of the temporal dominion of tho Pope cannot be doubted, we think. It will prove to tho Roman people that the Papacy is the uncompromising enemy of every one of the political and social reforms upon which they have set their hearts, and in endeavoring to compass which they have made so many and such heroic sacrifices. It will also alienate- from the pontiff the moral support he has hitherto de rived from the French Government, for it is stated that, in Paris, this inexplicable act of the Pope 'is generally considered as a complete breach between "tho Tuileries and the Vatican.' When, therefore, in conformity -with the terms of the recent treaty, France withdraws her material support from Rome, the doom of the Papacy, as a political institution, will be sealed ; so that the encyclical letter has its tragic as well as its grotesque aspects. Its grotesqueness consists in its obsolete style and substance reminding one of Don Quixote riding up and down Spain in a suit of rusty armor, or of the- young dandies who played at tourney in the lists at Eglinton a few years ago'; while tho tragic import of the document is to be found in the ominous warning which it gives us of the approaching demise of the pontificial power. The more carefully you study it, the more deeply does the im pression sink into your mind that, it is the 'last dying speech and confession' of a once vast and venerable authority ; which, in process of time, has become a mere phantom of its former self, and still deludes its fatuous fancies by adopting the language of command, and by supposing that, when it nods its palsied head, it shakes the spheres So George III., in the days of his blind ness, insanity and decrepitude, used to wander about tho state apartments of Wind sor Castle, addressing visionary Parliaments, instructing visionary Ministers, and giving audience to visionary ambassadors. Pro bably his language was never so imperious, nor his sense of sovereignty so absolute as in those dark days ; but the end was not far off ; and it is approaching, likewise, in the magnificent chambers of the Vatican ! In the Legislative Council, yentorday, tho President took the chair at tho usual hoar. la the apace of an horn- twonty-oightconEolidation Mia were road a second tirno, and twenty- four passed through committee. Tho consideration of four of tho b:lls, m committee, was postponed till to-day. Tho Junes Bill was read a second timo. Tho iiouse sits at half-past four o'clock to-day. Tho proceedings yesterday wore unusually uninteresting. I* the Leoislativjb Assembly, yesterday, tho bPEAKEn took tho chair at half- past four o'clock. In raply to a question, MrM'UuLLocn stated that ttere hau been some litUo delay at tho commence ment of the year, in tho .ssuo of rationn and cloth ing to tho aborigines at Badger's Creole. On tho motion of Mr Howard that the House should go into committee on tho report of tho select com mit eo on tho Sandhurst, Inglowood, and Loddon District Tramway Company's Bill, Mr Hous ton stated that tho object of Mr Howard was not fairly before tho House. That object win not so much to consider the amount of laud to }-o granted, as to establish a precedout as to tho deal ing of the Government with the public estate. Mr Francis 8nid the consideration of tho committee would be directed to the requirements of the line 119 tO I IlC fllnnfirtf. Y\ftnnann*trr +« ««....„ ii. ? i mi I .pes ion of policy and tho measnro of assistance could both bo dealt with by tho committee. Ho bo Iicved that the subject of subsidising important public works was one worthy tho consideration of t« .?°fU3n *IrVALE thonSht « 'onlcl bo bet ter that tho Government should present a broad policy on winch they intended to act with reeard to railway and tramway endowment, than to deal with them separately. Mr Michie pointed slices »?? f7 °f ^'B with the various cTrcnm stances which would attead different lines under S.°nTa S,ch(?ra9-'nnd Hwnght it wontd bo pre ferable to deal with them each separately and on their intanaw merits. Mr .Loxoxora suggested th« in tho caso of tho Government not being ablo to sub sidise lir.es by grants of !lul(]- grants of mCnoy might bo made. T)\a dealing with theso matters separately might 1 jad to a system of 'log-rolling' which would b-o highly prejudicial to tho general interests of t^o country. Mr Sullivan denied that nubho woiks or tho natuio rofcrrod to would bo subject to political influenco, and challenged lion, membars to point out any joboery or any favoritism to one lion, member over another on political grounds. Mr Levey thought that a company com mencing such an enterprise ns that beforo tho Honao ought to bo encouraged. Mr Wiieeli;ii was oi opinion t!iat it would bo better to deal with the various tram ,» *jrn ui n lUlIkYlLJB W111UU UllgUb UU JHUJUUICU btJJJU rttelythan nnder ono general scheme. Mr Lalor suggested that lands granted should bo leased, and fiat tho Crown should tako a guarantee as to tho bona fides of tho company to whom the grant wag made. Mr Gheeves stated that tho grant would not bomado until tho works wero completed. Mr CAnrENTEit did aot see by what right auy number of persona came to that Houso and asked for a grant of laud for a work that would cost comparatively uolhing. Mr Howaud explained tho requirements of tho com pany to bo a grant of 21,591 acres, and that lands in townships and other reserves, and on river front age s, were excluded. Mr Berry was of opii i m that tho Government ought to havo submitted aBchemo by which aid should bo granted to all public works of tiro nature of tho ono beforo tho house, and bolieved tfc&t; it would bo judicious to ho liberal in granting land to (his and similar undertakings. Mr Oim was favorable to the bill going into committee. Tho motion was carried, and tho Houso went into com mittOO ilfiftnnlincfl\\*_ Oil nlnncn *t n,i nmnrwimnnf omitting tho names mentioned in tho clause, and inserting other names in their places as being the persons constituting tho company, was agreed to. Tho Houso tircn reported progress. Mr Ghant moved that a committee consisting of tho following seven mombora of that Honse — Messrs Biudon, Maegrcgor, kongmoro, Randall, Berry, Eigiubothnm and the mever— should bo appointed, to act in con junction with seven members of tho other Houso, to consider file amendments of tho Legislative Council «n tho Land Act Ameaclmont Bill. Tho motion was seconded', and agreed to On the motion -of Mr HmiNnornAJi, it was ngrood that tho Houso should be called for tho considera tion of tho consolidation of tho Constitution laws. On thetaotion of MrM'Cui.Loon.a bill to amond tho Chineso Immigration Statute, 18Gi-, was introduced andj-end a first time. On the motion of Mr Jones, tho tear Towns Bill, whioh was introduced on Wed uosday last, was road a first timo. His Excellency's messages recommending bills for tho arnondmont of tho laws relating to post offices, lunacy, abattoirs, and thoaalo of liquors wore considered and agreed to. Tho House then went into committee of supply, and, after soino discussion., passed tho sum of £40,150 ? for wharfs, jetties, harbors, rivers, £se. A discus n-.en took placo on tho vote of £10,000 towards &o; erection of a Supreme Court and offices at Mel bourno, and tho vote was negatived. Tho sum cf £16,500 was passed towards tho erection and com pletion of court hocsea for circuit courts, general end petty sessions, county courts, courts of minoa, oheiiuV and keepors' quarters and wardens' oSicos ?end wardens. The Oii.meman thon reported pro gress, and tho debate on tho Electoral Law Con solidation Bill was resumed. Clause 108, providing that no rote nnder substituted doctors' rights uhould bo availablo within a month after its issuo, was struck out, and tho bill thon passed through all its stages. Tho roport of the committoo on tho Mor cantilo Invcstmento and Securities Bill wsa con sidored and adopted, and tho bill reud a third time. The Houso rose at half-past eleven o'clock. 