THE LETTER G. [Story] (R?om Harper's N\ctw York Magazinc.) "MAnOE, 0you are an angel ! " "Oh, Peter !" exclaimed the angel, blushing like the rosy dawn. It was summer-time. The two were sitting in a honeysuckle scented arbour, out of which they walked, engaged to be mar ried. How can I help it if my hero's name is Peter? I don't invent like other story tellers; and this is an "owre true tale." Next day when Master Potor Brooks, s.umptuously attired for the occasion, asked Mr.' Bolton, with whom he was a great favourite, for the hand of his daughter, that old gentleman refused him plump. It was a most touching condition of things; two despairing lovers, a cruel step mother, and a hard- hearted father, all en r.glc. "Very well, my dear," the stop-mother had observed to her husband the night pro 'vious-" very well. You have permitted that boy, not yet out of college and not worth a cent, to comne here, day after day, hanging round Madge, the consequence of which is that he and she walk in from the bower last evening all joy and blushes, evi dently having exchanged mutual vows of everlasting love." "' Bless my soul! you don't say so!" "Yes I do. They are two children, and don't know any better: at least Madge don't. As to that Brooks's boy, you know he has only the eight hundred dollars which his grandfather left him, unless his uncle chooses to give him something-a very brilliant alliance for your heiress. Come to think of it, I dare say he does not love her; he is after your money." "After my money!" A dart of indigna tion flamed out of the good man's eyes. "Not love my precious little girl! What if she loves him, and breaks her heart about him!" "Break her heart! she won't break her little finger. She will sob and cry, lament and sigh for six hours, and forget all about him in six days." And thus it came to pass that the next day Peter was received with tremendous stiffness, his hand and heart pooh-pooh'd, and his handsome person shown the door. I shall not harrow up my reader's sensi tive feelings with an account of the un speakable anguish which the lovers endured for some days after this, because worse is coming. We will hasten on to the miserably blissful day, late in August, when Madge ran away to the city of New York, per railroad, with a carpet-bag and Peter. They arrived in the dusk of evening, and made instant search for a clergyman. They found one who united them in five niinutes, and wrote a certificate in two more, and behold man and wife walked forth in sweet moonlit night, Peter strutting like a warlike bantam in his pride and happiness. Love's young dream! For six weeks it was like a story out of an Annual. The regulation penitential letter had booeen written to the obdurate parents, and the regulation no answer had been returned; for Mrs. .olton took precious good care to have an :-:-nfiing. supply, of caustic nn thn -.ond- of l.ap to burning heat. Peter had engaged apartments in the Byron House, Fifth Avenue- not too ex pensive, you know, for we are going to be very economical, as the ensuing conversation will show, which took place a week after the marriage. The two had written letters again-ho to his uncle and guardian, for Peter was an orphan; and Madge to her father, giving their present address. They were eating dinner--,soup, a par tridge, macaroni, salad, and meringues Sglaci-all perfectly plain, and of course' "' heap. " Ah!" cried Peter, laying down his knife and fork to rub his hands gleefully, "ah,! isn't it-. gorgeous! a 'cosy little parlour,' a capital little dinner, and a lovely little wife. I would not ,change with, the king on his throne." "Nor I !-we shall get along so beauti fully. We must be very practical, you know. Now let's calculate expenses. How much did your grandpapa leave you ?" -Eight hundred dollars," ' Eight-hundred-dollers! Goodness'! an enormous sum! why papa never ve me more than twenty dollars at a time. owv let's count;" and she took a tiny gold -'pencil out of her pocket, and a scrap of Spaper from a little table. "How much do we 1ay here?" "kFifty dollars a week-that's rent you know." "Yes, fifty dollars; four weeks one month; four times fifty, two hundred. Well, rooms two hundred dollars a month. There, I'vegot.that down. Now what else, Peter?" "H'eals."' "Oh yes, meals. They will cost hardly ' anything, we eat so little. I only want chicken, and meringue, and such things." "Say fifty dollars a month." "Yes. Oh how nicely we are getting oh! , Then my dress. Let me see-I saw mamma's bill at Stewart's last year. It was twenty-two hundred dollars. But, bless your dear heart, I shan't spend 'a cent hardly; say fifty dollars a month for me, .and another for you. You don't have to give more than fifty dollars for a pair panta loons, do you?" "No, you little goose! not half of fifty. My uncle did not allow me as much a month 'for my whole wardrobe." S',Vell,' then, that will do splendidly. And we must have some nice books." "And go to the opera sometimes." " And have a carriage to make visits." "And a good cigar or two. George! . ?at a long column!" ejaculated Peter, 'stoppung short. " I think we had better count up/" He made d. hasty calculation, and the resjlt stood as follows: .,.-:,, ,,: . . . 'D ollars. : aet of ream 3', J .. '200" . eols .. t ?.. .. .. . " ! C ', rlris .. .. ." . ".. 20 ""' , , " ,- r, i : . : . ' 0:: 420" \- Madge looked perfectly blank at the sum total, and could not help a little tremble 'in her voice as she said,-" But you know, dear, we cannot do without these things, '.can we?" " No, darling, though it makes my grandfather's bequest melt away like' snow , n?der the sun." * They ignored the' odd days in eleven of the seonthe At this moment a servant entered and said, some trunks and a small parcel had come for Mrs. Brooks. "For Mrs. Brooks?" repeated Peter; " send them up." Two large trunks were brought into the room, and a packet handed to Madgo. "Why, how heavy it is! What can it be-a bracelet ? Yes, it feels like one, and from dear papa! He has forgiven us! he ihas forgiven us!" and she gave a little skip and crow of joy. Her colour went and came, and she held the packet still scaled, a vague dread creep ing through her joy. "Open it, darling," said her husband. Madge did so with trembling fingers, and took out the keys of her trunks and her last letter unopened. The reaction and disappointment were so bitter that she burst into tears just as the servant had knocked, entered, and handed a letter to Peter. "Never mind, darling," he said, kissing her tenderly. "It is all the doings of* that horrid old stepmother. Hallo ! here is a letter from my uncle; he couldn't hold, out any longer. I told you he was a regular brick; we're all right, never you fear." Ho broke the seal. Inclosed was his own appeal unopened, and a short pithy note from his uncle, st ting that as his hopeful nephew had chc-eu to go and make a donkey of himself before he was twenty years old, he might run through his little property as fast as he pleased, and break his wife's heart in the bargain; but he was not to expect any assistance by word or deed from, etc., etc. "What a thundering old flint ! " ejacu lated Peter. "What a deuce of a fix!" "Deuce of a fix? There's the eight hun dred dollars, dear, and we will be so very, very economical. I'll go and unpack my trunks; perhaps papa has put some money in them." She ran into the next room, radiant with this hope, just as the servant entered and handed an open envelope to Peter. It was a bill, and read thus: Byron Houise, August 31, 1863. Dollars: The rent of rooms No. - and No. ---, one week.. .50 Meals in private parlour and attend Gas, one week .. .'.' .. ..: 2 Sundries, one week .. .. 10 07 "Whew ! George !. Jupiter !-here goes nearly a hundred dollars for one week's board ! " exclaimed Peter, the picture of. dismay. " I -had no idea it cost such a prodigious amount to live! How could we eat up thirty-five dollars in one week! ' We must be two regular ogres! Thunder, this is. a fix and no mistake." "My darling Peter, what are you saying all those dreadful words about? What is the matter ?" cried Madge, running in from her trunks. "What has happened to give you such a terrible long face?" and she put up' her mouth for a kiss. "Only a cap sheaf," answered Peter, giving the kiss. " Our letters are sent bark, and heroi?.-a bill fbr ner?- ,)0.->,.. 1-1 Q(lOl~ti 1?' UIUJ"t)[ weelfs- boar ." "One hundred dollars? It's perfectly monstrous! Let's go somewhere else, dear; the Saint Romnald or the Coleridge. I'm sure they can't charge such wicked prices. We boarded at the Coleridge last winter. I don't know what papa paid; but we had a groat big parlour with the loveliest cur tains, and such a splendid mantel- glass, and a perfectly elegant Wilton carpet; and I reme'mber papa said the charge was very reasonable, considering." "Was it, darling? Then we will go and try." They set off in high glee, to get cheaper accommodations at the Saint Romnald Hotel; but found, upon inquiry, to their unspeak able astonishment, that the same style of rooms would cost them just double. This wouldn't do;. the Coleridge was very little better'; and our two children went back to the Byron, not knowing where else to go, and stayed five weeks longer, to the tune of six hundred dollars more, count ing incidental expenses; and then there was .just two hundred left in the bank. They had had such a delightful time! Peter, still all lover, could not resist bringing home, once in a while, a basket of fragrant flowers to his darling, in whose lap he would gladly have poured all Tiffany's treasures. They had given two little re cherche dinners to friends of Peter's, who had haipened to be in town; and his friends had slapped him on the back, and volubly envied him the possession of such an angel; and he loved her, if possible, a thousand times more than ever.. But now another guest came: a scarcely defined shadow of Care began to sit at the table unbidden. It was now the let of October. People were beginning to come into .the city for winter quarters. The proprietor of the hotel wished Peter to engage the rooms he occupied at least until January-just such rooms,.h ie said, were wanted. "by the acre.'.' It was plain that they must leave. In the evening after this, as the poor boy looked at the beautiful unconscious face of his wife, and thought how much curtains, chickens, and other bare necessaries cost, and how very little money was left, and how soon they might come to utter destitution, he suddenly groaned aloud and wrung his hands. "Darling, what is the matter?" cried Madge, running to him and kissing him. "Peter, what mado you utter that dreadful groan?" "We are beggars! moaned Peter. "What? You don't mean it! Can't we get sonie more money somewhere ?" S"Yes; we can beg, borrow, or steal." "Oh, Peter ! " and the little hands went up in dismay-two piteous eyes became dim with big tears-then a soft arm went curl ing round his neck. "We have each other, darling,' said her loving, pleading voice. "We carsi work. I know how to crochet ^w well, and you write such heavenly et ry",. m sure somebody will give you loads of -en .for it. Just think of that sweetthing you wr .? about ne. I'll tell sweethig yu w~. "uiddenly bright you what," she continued, . W! Not ening up, "let's go to housekeep... in a whole house, you know; but in ut,. rooms, like Mrs. Jones, mamma's seamstress, did when she married the carpenter. That will be the very thing! I'll go to market, and cook. I know how to stir a pudding I once did it for fun. Yes, I am certain I shall be a capital poor man's wife, and we shall get on famously. What fun ! Will you dear ?" Good little wife ! precious little soul! sly little woman! cheating him out of his heart ache to hide it with her own. O, what an artful witch every good wife must learn to be! And so this extra-designing one got her husband to do her bidding with toler able philosophy; for in two days the last hotel bill was paid, and our young couple settled in three small plainly furnished rooms, in the third story of a shabby house in a retired street, where, with a little cook ing-stovo, a large cookery book, just one hundred and fifty dollars, and undiminished affection for each other, they began this now phase of their married life. Peter went vaguely about in search of employment, and Madge did the marketing. Such fun as it was! The first day she sallied forth with a small basket on her arm -bought a chicken, which she put in her basket; then wont to a grocery-store which the butcher had recommended, and asked for butter. She must taste it, of course, for Peter was very particular indeed about butter-so she told the grocer. "Yes, mum," he said, "I keeps the primest butter in market; and this is only thirty-eight cents." "Thirty-eight cents, is it? Well, it is excellent! You may send it home. "Send the tub, mum?" Madge thought an instant, and decided that, as he was so kind as to offer, the tub might be a good thing to have in the house; so she said, "Oh, thank you! yes--send the tub, if you please; and I want some macaroni Peter is so fond of it." "Yes, mum. How much, mum ? " "How - much do you usually sell to private families?" "The genteelerest customers allays takes, a box, mum." "Oh, do they? Well, send it. If there is too much for once, you know-will it keep'?" "Lor' bless you, mum! keep a year," said the grocer, shaking with inward laughter. "Well, then, send the butter and maca roni with the bill," and she gave her ad dress; and went joyfully homo. She busied herself making the little rooms look as 'inviting as she could; and just before Peter came home she had popped her chicken in the oven attached to the cooking stove, and was clapping her tiny hands, and laughing, and declaring to herself that, "after all, lace curtains and Wilton carpets were no great.things" When Peter came in he was followed up the stairs and into the room by a man with a large heavy tub on his shoulder. He set this down, went out, arid returned with a box about two feet square, marked "maca roni." This he also set down, and taking a bill out of his hat handed itto Peter. "What the deuce is this?" he cried: "Forty pounds of butter, at 38 cents' a pound, 15 dollars 20 cents; and thirty pounds of macaroni, at 20 cents a pound, 6 dollars I Who told you to bring this{ heroe?" 1 "Fife?e~ ollars for butter!.'"se.xeldai?ed '.iuutrou e.- Vu~- .~" it was only 38 cents, and 'I didnut thin there was more than two or thiee pounds.". " Forty pounds, ma'am, in the tub; forty times thirty-eight, fifteen twenty; all right, you see," said the man. " Oh, Peter, what shall I do ? p sobbed the poor child. "I was going 'p have everything so nice; and there is such a lovely chicken cooking in the oven ! !' '" Never, mind darling; we must ,pay for these things, I suppose; they will last the rest of out lives; and we will have. the chicken, if it is done, for I am as hungry as a-hawk." The bill was paid, and Madge dried her tears. Peter and she sat at the table together, and were soon screaming with laughter over their own awkwardness, as man and maid of all work. A loaf of bread was placed on one corner, and some of the butter on another. Then the chicken was taken out of the oven. It was brown enough for one thing; and Peter, thrusting his fork. on either side of the breast- bone, prepared to cut it. It was a momentous crisis. Madgo's eyes grew wide with ex pectant pride and happiness in the success of this her first step in the majestic science of cooking. The knife fell, and rattle, rattle, rattle, like small shot, went about half-a-pint of corn all over the dish! Madge grew ghastly pale: nothing of this kind was ever in the chickens at her papa's table. What sort of a strange monster was it? Peter gave one out more, dropped his knife and fork, and fell back in his chair, the image of consternation, and despair. Suddenly he darted up, clapped his hands, and tore round the room, screaming with laughter. "Oh, oh, hold me!" he cried. "I shall burst. She forgot to take the inside out-the dear little innocent kitten! She has cooked insides, crop, and all. Ha! ha! Oh, what a brute I am!" With this sudden change of tuneohe ran to his?ivfe, who sat, white' and' miserable, staring through fast-dropping tears at the unfortunate chicken. If she had bought it with the feathers on, it would have gone into the oven all the same,. with undoubting faith that it would come out ready for the table; and now to be so laughed at, and to deserve it !-she was ready to die with But after a while her husband comforted her with the axiom that accidents would occur in the best-regulated families; and then he went out and bought some oysters, and they had a nice time after all. Poor things! they were devoted to each other. Grim, gaunt Poverty had not planted herself quite yet on their hearth-stone, and Love bravely held his own. But the time did come. In vain had Peter tried to sell his poetry and his wife's crochet-work; the newspapers and fancy storos declined speculating in amateur performances. Then the poor fellow, unknown to his wife, had answered two advertisements, one .of which directed the anxious inquirer to send four postage-stamps, and receive in return an infallible receipt for making a fortune no capital required. Peter got liberal direc tions how to make watlles: pouring the mixture out of an oil-feeder, cooking, and t'we'a?rds carrying them round for sale, opt hog o a portshblo stoyo. The other kept h .? invitation, if lhe was small proved to be a. a.o.minstrel band, in and spry, to join a n . the capacity of female- dancer. - -ton It was now November, and M1'r.. had come to the city with his wife. Madam had kept the whip-hand over him in splendid stylo ; for he had not dared to write to. his little Madge, and forgive her, as he longed to do. "Wait a while," said the superior power. " Mastor Brooks's money will certainly last six months. After that, when it is gone, and they have felt the consequence of their dis obedience, it will be time enough for for giveness." And so the poor old man, with his gray hair a shade whiter, and one or two addi tional furrows in his kind, weak face, put his hands in his pockets, and went brooding up and down the house like a heavy old ghost. He took rooms at the Coleridge, and the very next day went wandering, in an anxious, stupid way, all round the side-walks of the Byron House, staring up at the windows, hoping to catch a glimpse of the sweet face he loved so dearly. Not succeeding, he took courage, buttonedup his coat tight, and gave a desperate ring at the bell. "What? gone away ? " he echoed after the servant. "Gone where ?" "Don't know, sir." "Don't know, you scoundrel! You do know. Tell me instantly; instantly, you rascal!" "You had' better ask at the office,'? said the man. The office didnotknow either. They had been gone since the e1st of October; and the poor old chap went home with a big lump behind his left vest pocket, and a smaller one in his throat, which would not go away. .Some weeks after this Mr. Bolton heard a lady who sat next him at dinner telling her neighbour on the other side of such an in teresting young person, who had applied at their society for work. "She could bring no references," the lady continued; "but her sweet face and modest trembling manner moved my pity, and I gave her some coarse sewing. She brought it back this morning, spotted here and there with tiny red dots of blood, which had come from her poor little pricked fingers. She is evidently not used to needle-work, for the stitches are seven ways for Sunday, and by no means present able; but I gave the poor thing more work, and shall unpick some of the first and sew it properly. . She refused to tell me where she lived; but I am certain there are some romantic or sad circumstances attached to her present destitution." Mr. Bolton listened with his lips apart and a blanched face. He began counting on his fingers, "September, October, November; not quite three months. No, no," he thought, "it cannot be my darling! God forbid it! 1My wife said. his money would last six months." That same evening he met the lady in the, hall. "'Madam," he said, his voice trembling, " I heard you telling at the dinier table to-day about a poor young creature who was trying to earn bread. Give her this, and God bless you!" He put a fifty-dollar note in her hand and al most ran away. The lady looked extremely astonished, then extremely thankful, for she had taken a singular interest in this case.: But it was Madge whohad come to this band rushed desperately out, determined to saw wood if he could do no better, while the w'eeping little wife sat alone brooding and brooding, thinking how to be beforehand with utter destitution. They owed for rent, and starvation with giant strides was close at hand. Then she bethought herself of applying to her landlady. She seemed kind-Hearted in her rough way, and the hauless girl went down, timidly knocked at her door, and, when bidden to enter, told her wishes. "Can you do braiding on merino? I can get you lots of that." "Not well, I am afraid," answered Madge, sadly. "I would rather try some very plain sewing." "Why, can't you do fine sewing?" said the woman, with a shade of contempt in her voice. "I'll pit my Jane agin any sewing-, machine in the world for nice even stitches. If you can't sew well why don't you get a machine ? , You' can't help making nice work with 'that." She mright as well have asked why she didn't leave this sorrowful world and fly up to the moon on a'b iroom-stick. 'Madge simply said .she could .not buy a sewing machine; whereupon the good soul twisted her brows, and bit her thumb, and having thus refreshed her memory, said : " I believe the ladies in Transfiguration Church gives out work to poor folks. You might try there, land to-day is the day." Poor little Madge thanked her; dud, least her courage should fail, hurried oniher bonnet and shawl and almost ran to the church, with what success you have alrbady learned. Meanwhile Peter had got copying o do for a lawyer; and thus the two rely maniaged to keep the wolf from the leer. More they could not do, except to love one another; and this love melted like electriciy, the iron chains of despair s fast as..the .cruel links Were forged, and kept their hearts from breaking. They began to look gaunt and h They were wretchedly shabby in theid for the best of their wardrobe had gone, long since, to the pawnbroker's. Ys, they had learned the way to that dreadf tomb, where, laid away like corpses, were yriad tokens of better days, and with the unut terable anguish. But they loved each other; and their wildest misery they learned to trust n God; they learned to kneel.together an pray to him at sunrise and nightfall, ad were thus nerved to endure the daily pr sence of the sword which hung over their hads, not knowing when its bare and glitte ng blade would fall. One day when Madge took back er work she looked so unusually wan, al ost wild, that her Iind friend, with delicat question ing, begged once more to know history. It was the first time the societ~ ld met after Mr. Bolton had given the -dollar note, and Mrs Easton was anx to be? - tow it immediately; but at the t inquiry Madgo's trembling lips closed, after one little deep sob, and she froze ion white statue. Then Mrs. Easton tried prete ad harsh ness. "Your sewing is very Idly done, Mrs. King" (she had given this ama); 'f it is always spotted with blood. I can help you, porhaps, in a better way. can assist you with money,.and--" "Madame!" Up the loo rushed to her face, forth flashed a dart f her eyes, and trembling allover, she cried, "I do not want your noney! I want work ! " Then nature, resetting the fierce struggle with her pride, ga-e way suddenly, and she sank down, fainting, on the floor, one hand pressed against lIr crushed and bleeding heart, which that offer of money had torn like a barbed arrc . Mrs. Easton h tened to call assistance and unloose the lress of the poor little creature. After s while a faint colour came creeping back to her lips, and she made a feeble attempt to rise. But she was power less and she lay ;hero fearing, hoping that she should die; uttering half unconscious farewells to her husband, who would go back to his uncle and be forgiven. She was quite broker down; and so her friend and another lady, putting their arms ten derly round her, r ised her to her feet, and assisted her into rs. Easton's own carriage at the door; an Madge was forced to whisper her adds as, and glad to lie with her head on the ther's kind breast until they arrived at th poor home. Then, when s e had been gently laid upon her own b d, and Mrs. Easton had smoothed back er hair, and kissed her, Madge opened h r heart, and, with stormy, scalding tears, told all her story except her name. "Sixteen and nineteen! two mere children, and struggling for bread !" murmured Mrs. Easton. "Something must be done, and instantly." She looked round the room. It was as neat as hands could make it, but cold and dreary, for the small fire in the little stove made poor resistance against a gloomy December day. She did not dare to buy food and send it to Madge, whose reso lute words, "I want work! " still rang in her ears, and defied her to make a pensioner on charity of this young thing, at once so frail and so indomitable. Suddenly a thought struck her, and affectionately patting Madge's cheek she said:-" Take courage, dear; take hope to your heart. The worst has passed. Since you will not take money for your bitter needs, I will send you that which will make money for you this evening, if I can. Good-by. Keep up a brave heart; better times are coming." She called up the woman who let the rooms, and saw her replenish the fire, and then went away; while Madge, still too weak to rise, lay, with closed eyes, wonder ing over her friend's words, and soon after fell into a dreamless sleep. Towards evening it grew stormy. Peter had written and written all day, until the characters danced on the page, and his brain felt idiotic; yet he had a thick roll of MSS. which must be copied that evening. Desolate and desperate, mortally tired, he fought his way against the sharp blinding sleet, which the sobbing gusts of wind drove into his face. Gaining his home, he paused a moment at his room-door to call into his haggard countenance a hopeful look, for these two loving hearts wore masks when in each other's presence. Yes, they acted such white lies, as God, in his mercy and compassion, will surely forgive. He opened the door; he glanced at the bed; a great shudder shook his frame, and a black veil seemed to come dnwvn 'v'.his eyes. She lay thereat..i. k u 1r face so sheet or shroud which covered her? "Madge!" How strange his voice sounded, like a far-away hoarse whisper. Mastering his awful terror, with a strong effort he advanced to the bed; leaned over, straining his eyes blinded with fear, and saw the gentle rise and fall of her quiet breath ing. "Thank God, it is not death but sleep!" he almost screamed. He broke down utterly; he flung himself on his knees at the foot of the bed, and buried his face in, the clothes. Great sobs burst from his labouring, heaving breast; the veins in his temples stood out tense like cords; then a hot rain of tears poured from his eyes, and his cry was "my little wife! my little, little wife! I thought I had murdered her." In vain Madge, who had started up in affright at his first exclamation, implored him to look at her; to speak to her; to stop those dreadful tears. His passionate anguish would have way, and remorse was tugging at lhis heart-strings; he had deliberately robbed his darling of every earthly comfort -so it seemed now to him; his selfish love confronted him, and pointing at the wan face and emaciated figure of his wife, held him to the rack, and kept him there. "Madge, Madge !" 'he said, in a tone of such bitter sadness that it brought great wistful tears in her eyes, "I wonder you do net curse the day you ever saw my face. Lot me take you back to your father and go my way alone. I will kneel to him! I will -iss his feet!" he cried frantically; "but you shall no longer die by inches ! I have been cruel! I am a wretch! 0 God! help me to save my darling, my little, little wife." "You don't love me, then; you want to send me away :," and her cheek grew livid, her breast heaved, and her woeful eyes grew more hollow and shadowy. "Oh, Madge, you know better! You know how wholly, entirely, my heart is yours. It is because I have loved, you so selfishly, and stolen from you all the bloom, and light, and bliss of youth that I wish to save you. Why were you lying in that deathlike sleep ? Was it not exhaustion from overwork ?" "Why no, dear, nothing of the hind;" and with changing colour she recounted the adventures of the morning, and the strange, hopeful language of her friend Ml.s. Easton. Then she rose, and steadying herself so that her husband should not see how weak she still was, hastened to make a cup of tea, for they both sadly needed this iniocent cheer. If she had dared she would have brought out two tiny mutton chops, put away for the next day's dinner; but there was the next day sitting on the chops, like a goblin keeping guard, and she shut the cupboard-door with a sigh. They had just sat down to the tea and some dry toast; for the last of the tub of butter had been eaten the day before. It had lasted three months, and had been a capital purchase after all; but to have any more of so great a luxury was not to be thought of. Madge had poured out one cup of tea, when some one knocked at the door. Being bidden to enter, a man came in with a small table on his shoulder. He set it down, went out; returned with a vast bundle, set that down, and said there was nothing to pay, and vanished. "Some amiable lunatic seems to have sent us a piece of furniture," said Peter. "I haven't the slightest idea what it can meno, dear. What'an odd little table, isn't it, with such a strange orna middle of it? I declare it loo letter G. How funny! Wh mean ? , "Being sent to you, it stan"i goose, darling," said Peter, getti his untasted tea, and going oi mysterious table to examine iUl you see what it is? It's a sewi??' " No, it isn't, dear. I'v?: Mrs. Jones's-mamma's seam ' was not the least like this." '\ " I toll you it is," insisted Pete the wheel, and here's the place' Listen." He gently moved the treae moment an almost impercepti tick was heard, like the fais cheery little cricket on the he Peter opened a small drawe three or four strange-looking i ments, some needles, and a pa took the last out, and turned o "Oh," he said, "those oddlo customers are hemmers, fellers, are they? And here are some; tions for using them. I tell Madge, it will be just next to turn out a dress with twenty - Gorgeous letter G ! " ' But what was that foolish tl" doing standing there so absorbe:. Oh! was this blessed relie her? With a pale face and cl& she listened to her husband, hr ened on the magical letter whic: to bring such unutterable conitfo home-debts paid, sufficient b fires. All at once Mrs. Easton' "I will send you that which money for you "-flashed into'i She understood. Her heart bei. fast, and then tide upon tide of.z overspread her face and neck, i sinking slowly upon her knees, th bursting from her uplifted eyes,: out, "thank God! oh, thank Gi me! Now we need not starve!"' The next instant she was clasped in her husband's arms, two poor lonely children had a gether. "You won't think now of home, darling, will you ?" Madge, nestling close to his hea is my home." And she press cheek against him-she was jus his heart. She got a tight hug for answ they found out that they were v and the tea was stone cold. round and made more tea, altho the very last drawing but one, da didn't care a fig for the extravw then, getting more excited, she': mutton-chops out of the cupboard and broiled them without the slig punction about next day's" dir made toast, brown, crisp, and'hi and said, laughing, " O, never` butter." After tea Peter helped to wash and the clever clumsy fellow, bra and Madge; laughed at it yes laughed, if you'll believe me' su, little laugh; and all ..because the the room a small table ornamente b u n .dl They had quite :.f r bundle all this time; but nowwýIie. it, and found a note inside. Itr/. Dear Mrs. King,-A kind old ge dentally heard me tell a friend of needs; and it was he who gave me youe, which you refused. I have there and sent you the sowing-machine. attached is every necessary implement pamphlet of simple and explicit dired your superior cultivation and quiclmne. able to understand and use the machini mediately; so I send a dozen fine whfi1i our society. You will please make a small tucks on each, for which we seventy-five cents a-piece. I shall to to keep you well supplied with work, sincere friend, She very nearly got crying agai note, thankful grateful tears, , trusting herself to speak, she ha her husband and sat down to the with the little book of direetio: hand. It would almost go of it, adjusted her work, put her foe treadle and began. Absorbed, now pale, now flushed, her lips eyes shining like stars, she wa white seam gliding swiftly aws letter G was a magical living thi and its gentle little "tick, tick" the joyous song of the lark to hea lifted, praying, grateful heart. SOne hour and a half, two, and was finished; with a radiant, smile Madge threw it to. her hust had been watching the work W breathless interest. "Oh, darling letter G!" cr "Seventy-five cents! It: would me three days to have earned' with my fingers; and here you?s' little song, and, presto! 'the cents are mine!" "It has brought back hope and darling," said Peter; "and I sa and happiness to the good old money bought it. Bless. his wig, and whiskers! he is wort of such as your cruel old fathi snarling old uncle." ' "Don't say so. But seallh, I ought to thank him." "Do you ? Well, write a pr note, and tell him he's' a dai you're another." "I shall do no such thing;, thank him with all my heart fo' ter G." And so she did. Before the two days were ova finished and taken to the socief4 the dozen shirts, and nine db handed to her. She sat as one believing that she must bhe' Danae, with the golden showd round her. She gave her note to Mrs. Eastc blush and smile, and begged her't to her hind unknown friend, an home with a new supply of worl. At the door she met her landlad "Was it a sewing-machine, ma: inquired, " which came to yost night ?" "' " Yes," answvered Madge. ' "Lor', ma'i! my Jane's a• i with thee work they want hei* Christmas. She's got all of a doe ren's dresses to braid, which it Siin to do half. Tf you could help ls?vi of course you'd get the money do. Is there a braider to your,. "Come up and I'll see," said . The landlady only waited to'ri intot her rooinm and bring out a bundle, when the two ascended the stairs. Madge hurried to the little drawer and took out her book of Sdirections. S "Yes, yes!" she said joyfully; "here it Sis! 'The braid is passed through a hole in the foot.' Yes, I can do it, and thank you a thousand times !" "Well, here's a little merino dress, all stamped, and here is the braid; and that's the machine, is, it ? which it's an odd one, anyhow," and off went the good soul, quite relieved. In the afternoon, just before the sun set, Peter came in, She could hardly stop to give him welobme with a kiss. Her dress ; was nearly dbne. "Madge, do :you know it is Christmas eve?" .sked Peter. "Yes, darling." And a little fluttering S sigh escaped her. I , e " i' hat an unkind, unforgiving, unchari table old blunderbuss your father is !" ,f" Hush, dear ! Poor papa ! I'm sure he'll be lonesome to-night. I wish-oh, S how I wish he could have forgiven me ! I should be glad and thankful to live here just as we do if papa would forgive me and love me again." S ast coming tears blinded her. She had to stop working and hide her pale ,face on her husband's shoulder. They were so ab sprbed in each other that they had- not heard the door open; They did not see standing there in the dusky gloom, as if Stransfixed, an old man, with remorse and S grief convulsing every feature. His lips " moved, but no sound came from them; it Sseeinmed as if remorse and grief had swelled' in'his throat and closed it. His eyes were strained upon the wan, tear-stained face of the young girl. With a violent effort he raised his hands and pressed his head be tween them, as. if to keep his brain from ti- bursting, and uttered a hollow groan. " What's that?" With a piercing, sudden scream, which' ' ranig'through the room, Madge was in his arms, crying, sobbing, laughing, with her lips' ag'aimst his' cheek, and murmuring, "'father, dear father! Thank God! thank God!" "Oh;, Madge, darling," he cried, "for \- give me, try to forgive me! I know you do.; bit oh! say it, my little Madge, whom .I have treated so cruelly. And you, my .: son, you will riot refuse my hand? Oh! God bless you both and forgive me. She 'said I must wait six months; she said I ' must punish you. for your disobedience. . But oh, my darling, will God ever forgive i me for bringing you to this ? " ' : Hei held her tight, and great scalding · tears, fell from his eyes upon her face. His ;; very heart was torn by the sight of that ?.iipale, patient face, so unlike his blooming, .idimpled Madge. . "?' "Never mind, papa," she said at last; ; '.' don't be so grieved; it is all right now; ;" and I would not have had it different. We :' have had a hard stiruggle, but it has taught II.'. us a precious lesson; it has taught us to i:; trust in and lei-- "pon God, our Heavenlo 1r-'f~'a zti,- "BrUt how- tlia:yOr u*Bu.-n....vjiT, i : T Iknow: the rote I wrote." "Oh, my little Madge,. when I handed t?hat money to Mrs. Easton for the poor suffeting creature, little did I dream it was for ' my fvn darling. As I sat down to dinner to-day Mrs. ,ilaston-hauded me your precious note. Your handwriting I dumped up with a loud cry, upsetting my chair, and rushing out of the room. I 'suppose they thought me moad. But I have you_ once more, my pot. You shall never lave meagain. You and Peter mh t come away immediately. She shall giv way. ';;She shall forgive you. :She ought o ask your. forgiveness. Ad. we shall U be happy again." They told him of all that had hap ened. They softened the bitterest part of sad ,narrative, for his poor old heart w so "grieved and remorseful. : ..Thenthey made s it fe..-. t : l' o he had lost 'han i make CASK1s r. too hadi of finding l- an _.., . ..hoV:4pnetites sharpened and quickenea, t -heir -happiness. I told you in the 5ginning that mytale was neither made up nor silly; so do let my characters be flesh and blood, and eat when they are hungry, .So peter ran out. and boght a capital orter-house steak and some Philadelphia ale It took all his money, but we won't mention it; and when he returned he set the table, while Madge broiled, and turned, and tossed the steak in a manner, to reflect undying honour on her skill as a cook; while her father first pulled the corners of /his mouth 'down to cry, then suddenly Stwitched them up:to laugh, winking very thard between m9ser? and amusement that his,.little girl should have been brought to . suchp-. h! was't .it jolly? wasn't'it ji,>Aeoiis?- -these are ?eter's vulgua ax S/ jons, not mine. 1if I were permitted to ddoe scene I should say-" They sat -:as; artake of the refreshments, feeling' wildehat was passing was but a be ?-her herapturous dream; Madge, with 'veneraBy blue eyes fixed upon her -' her husl.t equally unexpected' parent . upon her-\ with his adoring eyes fixed . his. face e nle kind old father burying Scambric .po' 'her minute in his fine was fa'too gakrcief. Their bliss the meal passe? .permit of eating, and . Stuff!, "No O.*nso tate'. wasthe: then.. e " o hi I That beef-steak . not an atom exicep ^ admiration, and Sdish. It was wort0 hoe was left on the cost, let me tel l oubb the moneyt i e and merry hris and Christmas-eve .'foaming ale, .and e \drus in the and all the sad pabt 'y was forffi'd . sweet, fresh looko forgotto° meinto Mdadge's eyes, and you o, Pjeave thanked your stars if you couldtve seen it-that's \ 11 a , They could not go ,ay that night, though they had hard wa to persuade Mr. Bolton to wait. But. v& early the next morning; the blessed Cl'stmas morning, Peter went to that awfullace, the pawn .broker's, and redeemed thh wardrobe with some of the money whicheIr. Bolton had given to his darling. Theihe came, little suspecting that the dainty?ilk dress that Madge wore had just beetibrought from such a place, They would nk tell him; for it would have renewed all hi rief. .Then the good landlady s paid, and presented with suchglittle arti es of furai • asethey. had, bought; amln 'half sad, .alf happy farewell look w `taken of the poor little rooms, which had witnessed so much suffering, so much trust in God, and so much happiness. "Peter can you carry it?" asked.iMadge. "Carry wvhat,'darling?"' "Why my precious letter G, dear. Do you think I shall ever part with it ?" Yes, it went with them, and the step mother, ashamed and sorry, made much of it, and hid her face over it to hide the grief she felt when she saw and heard what those two young things had suffered. And old Mr. Bolton just put his arms round Mrs. Easton's neck, and hugged her as if she was a big doll, and he had gother in her stocking; and, furthermore, thanked her for helping his darling by a present of a pair of brace lets twice as big as any manacles you ever didn't see; for I hope my reader never saw one. I never did. Madge did not dream of relinquishing her dearly-bought self- reliance, and becoming once more a useless fine lady! No indeed! She and her letter G, both. singing, made almost every thing she wore, with no end of tucking and hemming;. and many of her dresses sprouted out in "curly-cue. and whirligigs" of the . most intricate and beautiful patterns 'of braiding. Oh, yes! and better than this, many another letter G made music in the wretched homes where, hitherto, Hood's Song of the Shirt had been sobbed out by fainting, starving souls. Madge picked her father's pocket with im punity for this purpose.. With every gift of one, his poor old heart. grew. lighter. It seemed like expiation for his unkindness to his darling, and. soothed his bitter. memory of her troubles. 'And when nearly a year after, little babe Madge came, and lay nestling soft on her happy young mother's breast, seeming like a tiny child-angel which had floated down to her out of Heaven, the'snow- white robes in which the wee thing was tenderly wrapped owed their dainty grace to the letter G. 