OUR LONDON LETTER. MAY 26TH. Not since the battle of Waterloo has there been so cventfi' 1 a month as that concluded about a fortnight ago. The capture of Richmond came first. Lee surrendered; Davis fled; Johnston followed the example of Leo and sought terms with the everywhere victorious Federals. Every mail brought us momentous news. Generals had been captured or lini surrendered ; towns were returning to their allegiance ; Confederate soldiers were retu-ning home by hundreds and giving themselves up by thousands. Four mil-foils of blacks had become, not only legally, but actually free. The States, which ill-wishers in England bad sneered at as the dis-Unitcd States were again United. The "bubble" which Lord Elcho declared had burst had given proof of greater tenacity and elasticity than ever. Democracy, which Englishmen saw to be on its trial had come out of the contest in complete triumph. The Government of a people, for the people, by the people, which even sympathisers had feared to be deficient in power of adhesion and in strength had shown that it was equally powerful with autocracy itself to defend its own existence ; while the Government of the Southern States whose whole and sole difference between itself and that of the North lay in the assumption that it was right for six millions of whites to keep in slavery four millions of blacks; which seceded from what its own vice President Stevens declared—I am quoting from his fully reported speech delivered January, 18G1, just before the out break of the war, to be the "best and freeest government,the most equal in its rights, the most just in its decisions, the most lenient in its measures and the most inspiring in its principles to elevate the race of men, that the Sun of Heaven ever shown a upon," simply because the North wished to prevent the extension of slavery into the new territories of the nation, while this government, I say, had been utterly and entirely destroyed, its leaders fugitives on the face of the earth, to be pitied perhaps for their misfortunes but to be handed down to all posterity as the last men who fought, and gallantly no doubt, to perpetuate what John Stuart Mill while speaking of ordinary tyranny as " despotism militant" calls fittingly "despotism triumphant." Then in the midst of our joy at the downfall of the slaveholders' rebellion came the news of the assassination of Lincoln. The telegram reached England on the day my last letter was written, but there was barely anything known beyond the sad fact of the murder. On that day business throughout London was generally suspended. Everyone had been so familiar with his name that he seemed to most as a personal friend. He had won for himself the respect even of his enemies and for a con siderable time in England the majority of men had learned to look with admiration on the rail splitter who had been placed among the sovereigns of the earth by his own ability, who had never allowed himself to be provoked into a display of ill feeling even towards his enemies and who in spite of the scurrulous jests of Punch andthe foulabuse of the ultra tory press had never allowed himself to utter one wordofill feeling towards England. Theleading thinkers of England recognized in him throughout the conduct of the war a man fitted every way for his office, a true middle class leader of 1 middle class reoublic, one who was the fair representative of the people who had elected him, not advancing far before the national opinion justified him, no.' yet waiting to be driven. In religion a puritan, with all the deep religious earnestness of the new iingland fathers, capable of writing a state paper worthy to be placed side by side by side with Milton's for straightforwardness, religious feel'tig and sincerity, a man slow to act, and doing nothing rashly, but who having resolved " put his foot down," and never drew it back ; one who, to use another of his favorite phrases, "kept pegging away,' through good and evil report alike until he bad accomplished his purpose. America has produced no nobler man, nor the English race a better representative than honest Abraham Lincoln. The sorrow in England has been universal. On the receipt of the telegram, the members who happened to be present at the Wednesday's sitting at the House of Com niODS, instantly wrote and signed an address of condolence to the American nation. Both Houses of Parliament agreed unanimously to a similar address a day or two later, and Sir George Grey announced that immediately oil the receipt of the news, Her Majesty, a widpw, had written a letter of condolence at once to Mrs Lincoln, also a widow. The Prince Consort was a decided sympathiser with the North, and it is generally said that in this as in so many other matters, Her Majesty's sympathies lie in the same direction, There is hardly a Corporation in the United Kingdom which has not passed resolutions sympathysing not only with the loss which America h is suffered but with the cause of the North. Iu London the meetings which have been held have been most enthusistic. Convertedpartly perhaps by the success of the North,partly by the conduct of the South, and partly too by the assassination which is the last outburst of slavo spirit, there cau hardly be said to be a Southern party in England. That there always existed a strong party in England whose sympathies were altogether for the North, I have often maintained in these letters; nay, that Sir George Grey's statement in the House of Commons that " the majority" of the English people have sided with the Federals against the South I have been quite sure of, but that leading men throughout all classes were so entirely in favour of the cause of liberty I must confess I did not suspect. The assassination of Lincoln has had this good effect, that it, has caused these men to como pomuMutly forward and give the most complete contradiction to the notion that the Times' is the representative of public opinion. At a meeting I attended last week, the Duke of Argyll in declaring that the sole cause of the war was the election of Lincoln, that he was elected in preference to his opponent, solely because he would not,) allow slavery to extend into the territories of the Union, that the North had acted on the slavery question in the most conscientious and straightforward manner, that the triumph of the North was the extinction of slaveiy all over the world, stated his belief that slavery itself was infinitly worse then ever it had been described or could be described. At the same meeting besides many members of Parliament, and leading literary men who were present, letters were read from the Archbishop of Canterbury and the bishop of Oxford regretting that they were unable to be present but declaring that they were in spirit; from Dr Livingstone who had not at the outset believed that the North was sincere in its opposition to slavery but who had seen abundant reason to change his opiniou since his return to England. Goldwin Smith declares the contest to have been one between a higher civilization and a lower. Professor Fawcett thinks it will have done more to advance the cause of liberty in Europe than any event which has yet transpired. Dr Temple, the master of Rugby, writes to the' Daily News' to say that " throughout the war he bas watched the institutions of the United States —a great and glorious country—with the deepest interest, and h ; s sympathies with the cause of the North, the cause of liberty, have never wavered." At the May meetings, every- where expression was given to sympathy with the Federals, and satisfaction that the Southerners had not been successful in their endeavors " to establish an empire on the stone, which (as Mr Vice President Stevens truly said) all other constitution builders had rejected," but which they proposed to make the chief stone of their corner; the stone so described being slavery—the right that is in their case of s' bondage four millions of blacks. The Congregational Union was almost beside itself with satisfaction at the termination of Slavery, and as one of the speakers said in allusion to the remarks of Lord Derby, who tl' -oughout the war has been a most violent supporter of the Confederacy, the congregational pastors would show what power they possessed it any ministry dared to do anything that would leal to war between the two countries. Wilkes Booth, the murderer, was, of course, a Southerner, and personally was responsible for his own crime. He has died a death which, as the ' Times' regretted, was far too good for him, and he may safely be left to pass down to the execration of posterity. But while he committed the deed his cause is responsible for it. The South assassinated Lincoln. I am not unjust in saying this. Let this one fact be recalled to mind. When Senator Sumner delivered his speech against slavery, after he had sat down at his desk, Southern Senator Brookes stole up to the fine old man, and struck him with all his force with a leaded whip on his skull, and " left him for dead" on the floor of the Senate house. How did this would-be assassin fare iu the South 1 He was everywhere feted, welcomed, cheered, and made a hero of. Such is the spirit which slavery engenders. General Leo could not have given his sanction to such an act because he is a soldier and a gentleman, but while he together with other Confederate geneials instantly repudiated the act, it is to say the least, rema-kable that Jefferson Davis has not uttered a word on the subject. But the spirit of the " chilvarous" South, whose chivp'ry consisted in sending women to the whipping block and breeding them for the purpose of prostitution, a spirit which ap plauded Brooks, which caused the Confederate soldiers to treat their Northern prisoners in such a fashion as no nation in modern times, nay not even the Sepoys in India, has treated its prisoners, which massacred by roasting and otherwise, all the black soldiers who had surrendered at Fort Pillow, which attempted to burn York, committed robbery in Vermont from Canada, and did its best to drag England into war, this was the spirit which urged Uiloth aud his numerous fellow conspirators to the perpetration of their crime. The new President, Andrew Johnson, has distinctly declared that he has evidence to prove that Jefferson Davis gave his sanction to the crime, Unlikely as it would appear that Davis s'aould be so foolish, as to sanction anything of the kind, it is still more unlikely that Johnson would publicly announce that he has satisfactory evidence against him. When Davis was last heard of before his capture ho was attempting to escape with the spoils of the Richmond banks, to which he was of course no more ontitled than any other inhabitant of Richmond. But, sicsemper tyrannis, which the tinsell hero of the assassination, for the sake of stage glory, is said to have pronounced after the mutder of Liuclon, may fairly be retorted against Davis making off with his booty. Abraham Lincoln had done his work. He had put down the rebellion. He had conciliated all parties in the Union. He had won the respect of Europe. He had never been goaded into an expression of ill feeling towards this country. Like Wellington he had lived calumny down. His policy, while firmness itself when he had put his foot down, was never marked by anything like despotism or cruelty. Nay, in kindness of heart he bordered even on weakness. It is asserted that the desertions from the army might have been materially lessened had he not refused to sign the death warrants of the deserters, refusing as he said to make more sad hearts than there already were in the country. He had religiously fulfilled his work. The flag which slaveholders four years before had pulled from Fort Sumter he had lived to see liberated slaves plant again. The National life, dear to Americans as to Englishmen; for which we should fight to the death; he had seen attacked, for two years in danger, buc finally placed in greater safety than ever inasmuch as the huge cancer of slavery which had threatened it from the days of Washington had been cut out by the firm hand of war. Personally, therefore, Lincoln had every reason to bo satisfied. On the very day previous to his death the telegrams report him : as " having spoken kindly of Lee," His first thought after having beaten his enemy in fair fight was to feed him, to receive him again into the Union on an equal footing with the Northerners. In the midst of his kind intentions came the murderer's pistol, and Abraham iincoin became a martyr. Aud then when the deed was done,we inEngland watched anxiously to see how democracy would stand this new shock. Would there be disorder in the states} The answer soon came. All was quiet. The successor by law quietly took his place, just as, had the plot succeeded in its entirety, aud Stanton Grant, and all the other members of the Government had been murdered, the man appointed next in the constitution would have come to the front, aad a f ter him the next and the next, in long succession like the ghosts in Macbeth. For in America it is not (as Louis Blanc has observed) " Le roi est moro, Vive le roi," but the head ?s dead, long live the All the English newspapers had leaders on the assassination, sympathising with the North in their distress. Addresses on the subject were delivered everywhere throughout the country. The best I have seen was given in Boston by Ra'ph Waldo Emerson. The Confederate Cotton Loan (£100) ; >-8tantly fe'< to 8 or 9, and is now unsaleable at that. The Empress of Frr ice followed the example of Her Majesty. The Italian Chambers were hung in black, and the members passed resolutions sympathising with £ nerica in her loss, and in her struggle against slavery. Among the best of the many recantations which have appeared during the month, evidencing that the overwhelming evidence in favour of the cause of the North has told at last, are the following lines, part of a noble tribute to Abraham Linco'i by 'Punch': "You lay a wteath on murdered Lincoln's bier, Von, who with mocking pencil wont to trace, Broad for the self complacent British sneer Ilis length of shambling limb, his furrowed face. Ilis gaunt, gnarled hands, his unkempt bristling hair, HiB garb uncouth, his bearing ill at ease, Uis lack of all we prize as debonair Of power or will to shine, of art to please. You, whose smart pen backcd up the pencil's laugh, Judging cach step, as though the way were plain, Reckltss, so it could point its paragraph, Of chief's perplexity, or people's pain. Besides this corpse, that bears for winding-sheet The Stars and Stripes he lived to rear anew, Between the mourners at his head and feet, Say, scurril jester, is there roooi for you ? Yes, lie had lived to shame me from my sneer, To lame my pencil, and confute my pen — To n,ake me own this hind, of princes peer, This rail-splitter a true born kiog of men. My shallow judgment I had learnt to rue, Noting how to occasion's height he rose How his quaint wit made home-truth seem more true, liow, iron-like, his temper grew by blows. The words of mercy were upon his lips; Forgiveness in his heart and on his pen, When this vile murderer brought swift eclipse To thoughts of peace on earth, good will to men. The Old World and the New, from sea to sea Utter one voice of sympathy and shame 1 Sore heart, so stopped when it at last beat high, Sad life, cut short just as its triumph canie. A deed accurst 1 Strokes have been struck before By the a'snssin's hand, whereof men doubt, If more of horror or disgrace they bore; But thy foul crime, like Cain's, stands darklv out. Vile hand, that brandest murder on a strife, Whatever its grounds, stoutly and nobly striren; And with the martyr's crown, crownest a life With much to praise, little to be forgiven I" The successor of Lincoln is Andrew Johnson, a man who is said to have been as drunk on the day of Mr Lincoln's inauguration, as Mr Pitt was on a grand debate iti the opening of the century, or as a distinguished living peer is said to have been on one of the g.-eatest debates on the Reform Bill. It has been stated, and this is more to the point, that Johnson's intoxication was caused more by medicine which he had taken than by Bpirits, and those who have been for years his fellow members, declare that they never heard drunkenness alleged against him. He, like Lincoln has risen entirely by his on i merits. At seventeen he was apprentice to a tailor and unable to write. Bom in the South he belonged to that race of " white trash" of whom Mrs H. B. Stowe has told us, a race too poor to buy slaves, and doomed to poverty on account of the presence of a system which always destroys the dignity of labour, by causing it to be despised. During one portion of the thirty years he has been before the public, he was a. pro-slavery man, but at a loss to liiniself _ of position, he became an abolitionist or rather a free-soiler, and just before the outbreak of the rebellion was amongst the most determined opponents of> Jefferson Davis in the House of Representatives. In reference to slavery, Johnson goes further than did Lincoln. The late president was elected by the free soil party, which differed from the abolition party in this, that the latter were prepared to abolish slavery through out the States, while the former were contout to allow it to exist in the States, where it existed by law, but to circumscribe it and to. prevent its extension into the unsettled territories of the Union. Hence Lincoln refused.' to issue his emancipation proclamation until he had power given into his hands by the Confederates themselves. Slavery he could not touch, until a state of war allowed him tt> issue his celebrated proclamation as a war measure. That he was glad of the opportunity of issuing it he has himself told us, and that he would never have retracted it is certain, had he even had the chance. But the declaration of freedom once issued could nevir be recalled. The negroes fought the battles of tho North, and Andrew Johnson has determined, it is said, to maintain a standing army, of which two-thirds shall consist of negroes—the surest guarantee against slavery that could ba devised. All Europe has watched the four years etruggle. The great bulk of the English people, all indeed who were not under aristocratic influence, have sympathised deeply with the cause of liberty. The froe people of the continent have regarded the struggle as their own- Garibaldi has given his heartiest empathy and only a week ago has written to the Euglishpeople urging them not to allow anything to cause ill-feeling between them. May these lords of the ocean, says he, agree then' for the good of oppressed humanity I Sous of the same mother, may they see that their noble race is now-a-days the bulwark of the rights of nations, and that despotism foments dissensions between them, because it fears them, and bccause it knows that if they were on good . terms it would be impossible for it to execute its designs, which arc fatal to liberty everywhere." Kow that the most gigantic conspiracy against the rights of man that was ever conceived, has been utterly crushed, that slavery has become doomed iu every part of the world; that the EiHish republic on the Atlantic has shewn that even with war and armies, the power of g people is greater than that of a depotism, that it has been decided in fair fight that the whole of the IS orth American Continent shaH be free, we may hope to see England and her gigantic off spring on the most friendly terms. Let it never be lost sight of that when the slaveholders had power — that the thirty years preceding secession—no wnomit of ballyiug was too great towards England, that Lincolu and Lincoln's party have never given utterance to any except the most amicable sentiments towards us, and that the old puritanical, mission sending, freedom loving, and slavery hating Yankee utates have always been friendly to England, and have always been a perfect reflection of our own middle class, . Unfortunately most of our impressions regarding America have been gained via New York, the most rowdy city iu the Country and one which voted solidly against the election of Lincoln aud his party. The thirty millions of Americans form what Disraeli has justly called "a territoiial democracy." A mob, in our English sense of the word, does not exist out of the large cities. The great states of the North West are being rapidly filled with small freeholders, and the Hoiiiestead Act" which offers to every emignnt 1G0 acres of land, is doing mucli, I am sorry to any, to direct the best class of emigrants from the shores of our own colonies. Tho population is increasing at about the rate of a million annually, so that in future years there is every reason to believe that the greatest glory of England will be that she has given birth to the greatest nation of freemen that the world has seen. In Europe we are now practically the only free nation left, and as such are hailed heartily by those under despotisms. Garibaldi therefore has reason to hope that nothing shall cause dissension between us. Probably no sight could be more gratifying to the tyrants of the world than to see the only two free peoples of the earth, one in religion, race, literature, aims, thought, and language; boasting the same glorious historical deeds of their common ancestors, deriving their liberties from the same source, having the same notions of the supreme importance of individual freedom, and ready alike to sacrifice ^their lives for liberty, turning their gigantic powers against each other: while on the other hand every freeman throughout the world would rejoice to see the two pioneers of liberty fighting side by side, and acting at once from their common iustincts, and the knowledge that blood is thicker than water, prepared tD oppose tyranny wherever it exists and united to form an invincible front against which despotism might dash itself but onjy to hasten its own destruction. It seems to be generally understood that we shall have a general election in July. Disraeli has issued his address, and dozens are now following his example. Great efforts are being made to defeat Gladstone's election for Oxford, and I am afraid they will be successful. Glasgow, South Lancashire, and other important constituencies have offeied him a seat, but he is determined to contest Oxford. His speech last year on the extension of the franchise has, of course, offended tho Tories, and those wonderful specimens who are labelled in Dodd as Conservative Liberals. A great movement has commenced in favor of reform, and a League has been formed for the agitation of tho question. In the House we have had the most wonderful speeches on the subject from men who have been suddenly converted by the prospect of the approaching election. Mr Lowc,|who always speaks authoritatively on Australia, tells us that there the franchise is so low that the majority of men will not stoop to pick it out of the gutter. Tho present Parliament, at its birth, seemed anxious about reform, but other matters, and especially the American war, liave caused it to be lost sight of. Indeed the Radical members have been silent on the question simply because, aa I heard Mr Taylor, the member for Leicester, say, they would never consent to do anything auriug the war which would turn out the present Government, The great obstacle at present to the introduction of a BeformJ3iU Js Lord Palmers ton, Should he retire, MT it is understood, will be pi^je GMnt.1 minister. . I" prospect of anew parliament the debates >'i tin. Houses have not been very animated. Hie most important measure introduced is that *»hich prases under the not very inviting; name oi the UnionCliargeability Bill. It was in. tnjj statements by Mr raicr3 a,ld tho «Me during tho debates on it have startled "ie country even in the midst of the collapse ™ 'J 16 Confederacy. According to a return made by government, it appears that there are oundrcds of villages in which there are now •ewer bouses than there were ten years ago j" m l n "ihibilwus.- The revelations which ave beeu made by properly appointed Government officers are terrible. It is to the interest of eland holders according to the present system Have as few houses in their parishes an possic in trder to keep the poor rate down. In adtn t^a the "model" village is considered P ettier wlth few houses Hence the labourer » » works ou the squire's farm has to walk ues to his I ibour, or to live as a lodger in a Wowded house. So long as ho can work the «!«'« will make use of him, but he takes good tuat in his old age he shall not be chargea- « w tUe parisli by having lived as a house- „„, ,[ "' II e 'ice the destruction of cottage. '"> We expulsion of labourers. The workmen »>• nseivcs iivc mogt,y jn towl)s Qr jn „ „ that '*° r Wl,Cro tbey can ' and tlle rcsult is > MC twT' 0 "" t of ^Q low wages they receive to«i c "™ l>e,led to crowd together In order ^Uwot to^rtiienCHeuw the gro^ieatj immorality. Urothers and sisters, men and women, sleeping indiscriminately in the same room are to be found in hundreds of places. Indeed, hardly ;any form of this kind of vice is wanting in the results of the Government investigation. The mass of small landowners is entirely swept away. Whenever a piece of laud is for sale, some small farm belonging,say, to the descendant of an old freeholding family, it is instantly bought up by the lndowners; and to the small farmer, almost as to the labourer himself, there is very little chance of bettering his conditio)' There is nothing of the interest felt in the cu'tivation of laud, which the small French freeholder feel, and which is working such wonderful results among them. The consideration of the law.of entail, which is the cause of tl"estate of tb'iigs is one of the g -eat subjects loonrng in the distance. Probably, as the' esult of the teaching of John Stuart Mil', the professors of political economy at both Oxford and Cambridge, advocate the small farm system and the abolition of cutr : L 