SKETCHES PROM REAL LIFE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. TIM RAFFERTY AND THE COW'S GHOST. A FEW years ago I was voyaging in a large steam ship, with more than seventy other first class passengers; several of whom were remarkable characters, such as are seldom seen in the ordinaty walks of life. Although there was a large staff of stewards, it was not easy for them to satisfy the demands of some of the over-fastidious passengers, who had never before sailed on salt water; and I have been often struck with the patience which those willing attendants displayed, when expected to achieve the impossible feat of appearing in four or five distinct places at one time, or to prepare coddling nostrums with electrical speed. The lower saloon steward was a native of the "Emerald Isle," named Tim Rafferty: one of the drollest of his class that I ever met with, and a good natured, hard-working fellow. In addition to the charge of the lower tier of state-rooms, he had to cater for the servants and children, who took their meals in the second saloon; and when it was converted into a nursery and play room,— as it usually was in rough weather,—it was marvellous to me how Tim managed to get through his work, amid the crowd of caper- ing children, and their talkative nurses. Often have I been amused at his expedients to get the juveniles on deck, out of his way, by bringing down little scraps of exciting news, to the effect that there was "a mighty great shark in the say, wid a little blue fish swimming right afore his nose: or a sparrum whale, blowin off shteam like the big bilers. Arrah honies! jist scud up on deck now," Tim would add "opin yer eyes wide, an ye'll behold what ye see, an no mishtake." His appeals to the nurse-maids too, proved that be was master of blarney, and knew the sort of logic which would best assist him, to clear the cabin of his fair incumbrances. "Now, girrls," he would say, "jist lishten to me half a minet, while I shpake like a fayther til yez. Take my worrd for it, yer purty rosy cheeks wull soon look like frosty turnips, if yez stay down here so long, sniffing up the bilge wather and engine grase, an makin bad air worse, widout maning to do it. Ye'd betther go on deck an smell the fresh air, an take the gossoons wid the precious little crathurs! Their music wull sound swater on deck a mortal dale, what matther, girls, supposin ye do git a little dhrop ov spray over yez now an agin; don't spring flowers look all the purtier whin they are sparkling wid dew drop> To be shure they do! Up you go on deck honies, an good luck to yez! put on yer ould bonnets, an don't be afeared of a splash ov salt wather. One of the extraordinary passengers was a Mr. Presto, (or Professor Presto, as he was usually styled,) a gentleman well-known in theatrical circles under another cognomen, and whose marvellous feats of legerdemain, and other exhibitions of his peculiar talents, have often inclined innocent hearts to the belief, that he was intimately connected with another professor, whom I need not name. Mr. Presto and his little brother Jingo occupied the same cabin with a young cockney gentleman yclept Christopher Cockles, who was travelling round the world (in search of wonders, and to purchase practical wisdom,) with letters of introduction in abundance, and letters of credit too; and who had been specially commended by his doting mother to the care of Tim Rafferty; as he had never before been from beneath her maternal wing. Tim, for certain reasons which sometimes influence greater men, was particularly attentive to his charge who was as fidgety and required as much nursing as a sick baby. One very rough night, Christopher Cockles' feeble voice was heard summoning Rafferty, who promptly shouted as be ran, "Here am I, sir! comin, sir, in a twinklin." "O Rafferty I am very bad," groaned the young traveller; who by the way had eaten an uncommonly hearty dinner that day, before the weather became rough. "I am awfully sick Tim; in fact, I never felt so uncomfortable in my life, except when I got the cholera through eating gingerbread nuts at Greenwich fair. I wish I had never come on board this steamer; for it rolls so terribly. Do you think there is any danger of its upsetting, Rafferty!" "Tut! not a bit ov it, sir, niver fear; she's as stiff as a coal waggin. She'll never capsise unless she runs up agin somthin, an that aint likly at all, seein as there is'nt a haporth ov land with- in a thousand miles ov us; so don't fret about that honey. Hould up yer head a bit, sir, whilst I dust yer pillow; thin be aisy while i go an get yez somethin to comfit yer inside. Ye'll be as fresh as a flyin fish in a day or two, whin the say goes down a bit, so cheer up and niver say die, sir." "Arrah! be the powers, I beg yer honor's pardin a million times, so I do," added Tim, addressing Mr Presto, who was dozing in the berth below, and whose nose Tim had slightly scraped with the edge of a pewter basin, which he was handing to Mr. Cockles. "Troth I'm as sorry as if I had kicked me fayther; so I am, and that's a fact sir. The ship guv a lurch just thin, and that's what did it." The disturbed professor was not pacified by those humble apologies; and remembering sundry other little real or fancied slights, or injuries from Tim, he promised very shortly to pay him for all his impudence, in a way which he would not fancy: in short, he threatened to "play old harry with him" before to- morrow night and added, in a hollow voice, as he turned him- self over to doze again, "He who dares disturb my sleep, Will quickly feel his marrow creep." Muttering apologies in his peculiar style, Tim left the cabin, but very soon returned with a tumbler full of hot elder wine, and some currant jelly and biscuit; old Mrs. Cockles having sent a large case of luxuries on board to the care of Tim, for the special use of her beloved boy, when he was ailing, which was pretty often. "Now, Misther Cockles, if ye plaise, sir, be afther sittin up an drinkin this noggin ov elder wine; hot an shtrong as shteam from the donkey engine. It will scare away the mulli—" "I don't want anything of the sort," interrupted Mr. Cockles pettishly. "The very smell of it makes me worse. Ugh! take it away instantly, Tim, I'm very vexed with you." "What for are yez vexed wid me, sir?" asked Tim with an injured look. "Troth, an I'm ony jist doin what yer darlint mother-- God bless her—tould me to do, wid her last breath, as she walked down the gangway ladder at Plymouth. Sez she, Rafferty, please to give him a little dhrop ov wine and wather bilin hot, when he's poorly, sez she; and tell him while he's dhrinkin it, not to forget to remember that his darlint sister Sophy made it, out ov the elderberries which grew in the back garden at Norwood. That's what she said til me safe enough, sir. An shure what am I to do wid that murtherin big box in me panthry, chock full ov bottles an jars, that I'm iyery day ov me life running up aginst, and knocking the brains out of me; leastways scraping all the skin off me shins, which is jist as onconvanient. I don't know what to do wid it at all, if you won't dhrink it, an that's a fact: praps yer honor will be afther telling me that same." "Do what you like with it, Rafferty; but don't worrit me just now I pray. Throw it overboard if it is in your way." "Wheugh! throw it overboard is it? Och hone! it goes right agin me conscience to washte good stuff like that. Howsoever I'll jist do as yer honor bids me, for fear ye'll be vexed wid me agin soh: thof its a mighty great hard-ship, as the whale said when he run his snout up agin an iron frigate. I hope yer blissed mother won't bother me about it whin I git back again, that's all, for I wouldn't hurt her feelins the dear sowl—for all the elder wine in her cellar, dash'd if I would. There, sir,— now ye're as snug as a hare in a hamper," added Tim, while he tucked his sea-sick protege into his berth and placed sundry conveniences within his reach.—"Now I'll go and see about heaving the box overboard, though I wud most as won heave over all me own dunnage, so I wud. Good nipht, sir." After muttering another apology to Mr Presto, Tim left the cabin with the hot wine and currant jelly, grinning the while like a young angler who had just hooked a gudgeon. "Rafferty! Rafferty! Rafferty!" roared an imperative voice from one of the cabins off the lower saloon, early the following morning, while Tim was preparing breakfast for the children and their nurses. "I'm comin sir, as Paddy Flynn sed to his mate below when he tumbled off the top ov the ladder wid a hod full ov morther on his back. Comin sir in half a jiffy, or less nor that. Troth an ye're in a mighty flustration this mornin, poor crather! lts a bottle of pale ale yer wantin, or some sother wather? that's all I'm thinkin; an one ud guess ye were roarin for the docther to stop a vein, or cure you of the colic. "What did you please to want, sir?" asked Tun in on altered tone, as he entered the cabin of Mr. Van Swill, a ponderous Dutch gentleman. who had reported that he was travelling to Japan to see his grandmother—"What can I do for yer honor?" asked Tim humbly. "Nothing. I did not call you. Why did you wake me, you essence of botheration?" said Mr. Van Swill, gruffly; then turning over in his berth, he began to snore again in a style for which he was remarkable. "Rafferty? make haste this way," said a softer voice in another direction, "Be quick, Rafferty, if you please," "Yis, sir; here am I, sir," said Tim, tapping at the door of the cabin occupied by the Rev. Mr. Racey. "What will I do for yer riverince?" "I did not call you, my friend," replied Mr Racey, opening the door, and looking with his wonted good-natured smile at the poor fellow. "Why don't you come here when I cal! you, Rafferty?" asked somebody else in a testy tone. "I'll certainly complain to the captain when I go on deck." "Shure thin if ye'll ony jist tell me who you are, an where yez be, I'll hurry to yez as fast as a fire-engine, soh! but I can't have me eyes an my ears in iverybody's cabin all at ons't. Any cracked fellow widout a haporth ov common sinse wud see that's raysonable; but I'm thinkin' if I had twice as many eyes an Iegs as a spider I shouldn't have half enough to plaise some ov these fashionable folks: six flunkies apiece wouldn't satisfy em. Faith! I'd forty times sooner be a broken-backed donkey, goin' to the knackers in a trap, than a steward in this saloon wid double wages, an that's a fact shure enough. Were vez jist after callin' me, sir?" asked Tim, gently opening the door of Mr. Boomerang's cabin, and showing a face the picture of perplexity. "No, Rafferty; I did not call you, but I heard you called in three distinct places. You seem to be in unusual request this morning." "Wull skin me if l iver knew the likes o' this in all my ex- payrience at say!" exclaimed Tim, sitting on the edge of the tavble for a minute's reflection. "Thrue I niver sailed in sich a tip top crack ship as this afore, an I niver had sich a regiment ov rooshuns to look afther, naythir, och hone! I shall niver live till I die if I don't git out ov this pretty quick, I'm thinking, for they'll murther me wid hard work, or drive me clane cranky wid botheration which is jist as bad, or maybe its worse. But if I ony have the good luck to git one foot ashore on dry land, and they catch me a boord again, I'll give iverybody lave to bawl the brains out ov me intirely. I'll bolt intil the bush so I will, if I have to ate kangaroo skins." "Rafferty! bear a hand here: don't keep me roaring for you all day! Look sharp this way will you!" grunted a very gruff voice in the vicinity of Tim's pantry, which voice he evidently thought belonged to one of the cook's mates; and his ire was instantly kindled at the man's presumption, in addressing him so imperatively, and at a time when he was harassed with other callers, and in arrears with his ordinary work. "Hullaballoo! an what the mischief do yez want wid Rafferty? ye smutty-faced galley ranger!" shouted Tim, starting up and running towards the new caller in a fighting altitude. "Rafferty indeed! bad luck to yez, am I to be bawled at by the likes ov yez! I'll send yez yelping to the caboose wid yer nose in yer fisht, if yer not off afore I catch yer, ye saucepan-headed spalpeen! Dash yer imperence, what for did you come yelling for me at all, whin can't ye see I'm bothered as an owld woman in a coach full of monkeys?" When Tim got to his pantry, however, to his great surprlse and increased bewilderment, there was no person there. "Blest if I can make this out at all at all," grumbled Tim, returning to the saloon scratching his head, and looking half frightened and thoroughly cross. "I would'nt wondher at all if 'owld Nick' himself has come aboord, cos there is plinty ov his own sort ov fun goin on allers; but what he wants to bother me for, when there are so many of his bhoys lying snoring in their bunks, bates me althigether. I can't understand it a bit, as the Yankee sed whin he picked up a Dutch hymn book." The loud bellowing of a cow coming down the main hatchway, suddenly aroused Tim from his soliloquy, and literally made him jump from one end of the cabin to the other in terror and amaze- ment. "Moo—moo—o—moo—o—!" roared the cow, as if she was in a very bad temper. "Moo—moo—o—o—o!" "Och save us all! if that cussed owld cow hasn't walked slap down the ladder, intil the 'tween decks!" roared Tim, turning as pale as a white rabbit. "Kape inside yer cabins girrls and childers, unless you want to be tossed and murthered. Hoy! Hans, Tom, Mike, Roderick! all ov yez; come down here double quick, an bring big shticks wid yez." "Moo—moo—o—o!" bellowed the cow louder than ever. "Hurry bhoys, hurry!" shouted Tim, to the stewards in the saloon above. "What the plague are yez all about? Here's the blatherin owld cow a makin' slap intil me panthry, an ivery blissed haporth ov delf will be kicked to smithereens in less than no time. Botheration! I'll go cranky directly. Hurry, bhoys, good luck til yer." Down rushed the whole staff of steward's mates, with conster- nation in their looks, and with various weapons in their hands, from broomsticks to carving forks. "Whisht, now, bhoys! don't go that way or ye'll drive the old vaggibin right intil my panthry, an ruin me out and out in a minute. This way honies, this way! go aisy now: hit her a mortal whack, every one ov yez, jist to tache the dhirty baste not to come kickin' up her shines in this saloon agin, any how. Aisy bhoys! Now then, look out, look out; hit her harrd—" "Halloa! What's all this riot about?" asked the chief steward, coming down at that moment to see what his men were doing. "What game are you playing? Catch the owl, or skittles, or what? What the dickens are you doing down here all of you." "Shure we're cotching the cow, sir," cried Tim, with an ex- cited glance up the passage leading to the pantry. "Whisht a bit, sir! we'll slaughther her, the cantankerous owld baste." "Catching a crocodile!" said the chief steward, hastily walking up the passage. "Where is the cow? you moon calf." "Troth she's in the panthry safe enough, sir: an ye'd better look out, for she's as savage as a butcher's dog. She wud toss yez jist as soon as she'd ate a turnip; so mind what y'ere about sir." "The man's drunk for certain," said the chief, going into the pantry and coming out again in a second, with scornful anger in his looks. "Sorra a worrd of that's thrue, Sir; axin yer pardin, I'm as sober as a Ballywhack town pump, ivery bit. As thrue as I'm alive I heard the cow in the panthry, blatherin away as if some- body was skinnin her; an if any bhoy here ses l did'nt, I'll jist--" "Pooh! don't spin me any of your ghost yarns," said the chief impatiently. "The cow is in her crib on deck, and has never moved out of it since she came on board. It's my belief you are drunk and mad too; but we'll soon see what's the matter with you. Mike run and rouse up the doctor." In a few minutes more the doctor was in the saloon, feeling Tim's pulse, and looking as puzzled as doctors often do, when called from their beds in violent haste, to examine patients who are thoroughly well. "What have you been drinking lately, my man!" asked the doctor, with a searching look into Tim's excited face. "Dhrinking! why tay to be shure, sir :wid jist a small tashte ov hot wine, which Misther Cockles guv me last night. I'm not dhrunk, docther, niver fear. That murtherin ould cow got down intil the 'tween decks, and scared the life out ov me; that's all, sir. It's a mighty good job after all, that she didn't git intil me panthry." "Let me hear no more of that nonsense if you please. Come to my surgery with me, and I will give you a little medicine." "Be the hoky thin, I wont take a haporth of yer phisic, docther: not I; cos there's nothin in the worrld the matter wid me. I'm as sound and as sane as yerself ivery bit, maning no offence. It's the cow—" "O bother! don't let me hear any more of your absurdities, or I'll shave your head, and put you in a straight jacket." "Weugh! shave me head, an put me in a straight jacket, is it? Bedad it won't he a plisant job for any of yez to do that same to Tim Rafferty, soh! whoever tries the jacket on till me, will be straight enough himself, I'm thinkin, afore he's half buttoned it. I tell yez, sir, it's as thrue as your'e a docther, I heard the cow in the 'tween decks, an if yez think it's fair to shave a fellow's head for spaking thruth, ye'd bether git redy yer latherbox; but by the piper, the fisht man as cotches hold ov me to shave my head, or take my measure, will git somethin from this fist, that he'll niver be able to sell agin. I'll hit him sich a crack in the nose, that he'll niver relish a pinch of snuff agin: so look out bhoys, I'm a thrue born Irishman, an can fight like a soger, whin I'm standing up for my rights an liberties." The doctor was about to reply with warmth, and perhaps to order the severe remedies he had hinted at, when Mr. Presto, called him into his cabin. In a short time the worthy doctor re- appeared, laughing heartily, and kindly told Tim to go on with his work, and the cow should not trouble him again. Tim went to his work with a very serious face, and muttering his quaintly expressed wonderment, "how on earth the cow could walk down the ladder and walk up again, without so much as showing her tail," In the course of the day however, it leaked out that Mr. Presto had been excercising his professional powers of ventriloquism; and at the same time paying Tim for the knock on the nose with the pewter dish, on the previous night, and other scores of older standing. Tim however, obstinately refused to belave that any mortial man could make sich a row as that, and expressed his belief that if it wasn't a rale cow it was a cow's ghost; and he further declared, "that if ony bowld crather disputed his doctrine, or dared to say moo to him again, that same bhoy would git a whackin thump on the head, as wud make him fancy a cow had kicked him." Darlinghurst. AN EXTRAORDINARY MARRIAGE.— A peculiarly strange scene occurred on Monday last at Old Lakenham church, on the oc- casion of the marriage of Mr Alder Heffil, Jun., with Miss Elizabeth Stepple, of London. It appears that the father's family are in the habit of attending St. Stephen's church and being desirous that the marriage ceremony should be performed by the Rev. C. Baldwin, who officiates at St. Stephen, permission was asked and given by the Rev. Alfred Pownall, the vicar, for Baldwin to perform the ceremony, the parties living in Old Lakenham parish. Accordingly on Monday morning, all the parties attended at the church—minister, bride, and bridegroom, and their friends—when, to their dismay the church was found to be closed, and no sexton or clerk present to assist in the ceremony. After waiting some time in the cold, and trying in vain to find up the officials, the key of the church was obtained, when fresh difficulties presented themselves—the vestry was closed also. What was to be done? Force the vestry- room door. This having been accomplished it was found that there were neither surplice nor books, and the affair seemed as far as ever from being completed, when a thought occurred to one of the parties that a sheet should be borrowed, and the marriage proceeded with. This was soon done, and the Rev. C. Baldwin, having been arrayed in the sheet with the aid of a pin or two here and there, proceeded to unite the parties in the bonds of matrimony, and after having sent to the clergyman's house for the parish registers, the party amusing themselves meanwhile by ringing a peal on the three bells of the church the happy couple were at length enabled to proceed on their wedding trip, as the reason of the church being closed against the parties after permission had been given for its use no explanation seems to have been given: but it appears that the Rev. A. Pownall waxed wrath at the strange proceeding which had taken place in his church and accordingly the following bilI was issued, calling together his congregation and the friends of order in the church: —"Lakenham church,—a solemn service will be held in Laken- ham church on Friday, the 24th inst., to avert the wrath of Almighty God, and to deprecate His righteous judgments, in con- sequence of the profanation of His sanctuary on Monday last. Divine service will commence at 1.30 p.m., Ezekial v.11.-- ALFRED POWNALL, vicar." A very small congregation was present, and the vicar preached a sermon from the above text. We shall doubtless hear more of this case, as it is certain to be brought before the Bishop; and many parties have taken a more than ordinary Interest in the affair. We are informed that the brother of the bridegroom purchased the sheet in which the rev. gentleman officiated, and brought it away with him.--Bury and Norwich Post. 