CORRESIONDENOEE. We do not hold ourselves responsible for the opinions of our correspondenuta. TO THE BDITOR OPF TlE OIPPOLAND.OTIM-5 E ! TWO PICTURES `"o o It-woo abooetifiilmorning ithe sun, shone brightly, and,.the hearto'danoed lightly within the broasts of the inhablitnts of Sale, as they gaily sallied forth-iome on horsebaok, some in one horae conveyanoes, anod someni i two-to behold the steamship Trio, as ahe lay. near the Latrobe Bridge, after <having :per: formed her rast trip from Melbournb sio(lo hbr refitment. The ownersof the vesisl were, mg. nanimous, the people f Sale courteous, and there was to be a ohampagnor lunch on board' T" he good ship Trioz."1 :':.. :;.. ,' -.'There were bottles, cranked of sherry and champague-there were jokes cracked--andat 'lest they commenced toi'propoe toasts and if I remember correctly, the unfortunate cap. tal was amongst' the a' 0t:.,?'Of course the captain. replied, and the applause?wa areally 'eautl.l Then came the ownere the ladie,' oand agrst many moret oo numerous to men. tion. 1"Oh I mirthand innocence, oh, milk and water, lo.. .. Why should we not propose " _The :Trado and Commerce - of Gippeland I'C Certaloly-cpl. tal-a speech, not overflo Ig wit, bre. vIty,,or point, noupledesomehow or other with " The owners o ndI offcers of theit Trio and Cherl Edward.r "O. f courea," Of course,'. Drain 'your glasses,"' an d all' that sort-of' thing and now for the iply-Oh ye owners and officers of the Charles Edward I ye gods and. little fishes I -listen I- the Chrles Edward talki ": : ; ,a . c . :Ti^,.ii·-. ' - .+;, ". ! r, Chairmi* and n.ntlmen,t-.I foeel proud to think our ompany'ouldhave bee so'honogd as ti),becomo thent';ioneer;iin:;the noavigition'of the Gippoland. Lkee (applaiea,). I ofee pror the atlsch an. honor has beear@. I r sou nd o.ee . :Cbs .r.lc s ws*,s we .te: ' to oppeiup this greisat couniry (great applise.) I think the people of Sale:have ,beein deiciento in that ente1ijriee which people in ,a country like this oughti'to puonseas, or the Latrobe Lar would have been removed long ago (atll greater applause.) ,But I will tell you what our com pany Ia prepared to do- we are prepared to give £50, gentlemen, to opn.the Latrobe bar, and and if ithat: +rill -ot "do,- gantlemnen, we -are prepared to give'100, to opeu the:Iiitrobe bar 'thlinwe will sao if the people eoiSale mean uelauesse. We are detormiupedoi o e'Phsh the place ahead, andend fntofeoi'irae 'ttSia ia the way` to prove tI' (frightful app uso, and the epikelr, overcome, sat downand "'wore lia heart open his abovee ;.; ) t. - - " The cat will mew, and the dog will iare his day, 'and the Ciarles Edward was the lion of the bhouor'iAnd ?h theu Trio came on the seerd-aulruhowteho little mau did talk. iHe told the burgeisaae that; although he weeas not prepared to'ay' eixetly what hais oumpaeiy would do,, h wes'prepared to say they would not be behind the Charloas Edward, &c.;, &6.; and all that sort of thing-and the little man eat down amidst a very shower of applause. \+ This ia the ;firot pioturo; e d the Charles Edward and Trio companies are a ywodeifully go a-head peopli but _im ;",;o".: -+ - " The reckoning comes when the banquet is u'er, . . + ,-- ,. , The dreadful relioning, and ne 'sadmile no \- S now- for Picture No.,2 :.;Spring had ripened into autuinn, and,now the hot winds blew across our plai6s, and the waters became dried up in our.riversa, aid the people of Sale petition the Oovernmeuto'i remoe tirh Latrobe bar; it has oobeome to? shallow for navigation. Government consent"but we want it done at once. The burgesses of Sale offer to fiid ith money, if Govornment will repay it when the eatimaste?becomo e law _ Governmentagain con sent-anud iov the burg wese go to look -for cartiuo willing,:under these circumstances, to beoome responsible for the mousny Several citizens at once put downtheir, names far amounts, and then they'go to tha Charles Ed ward and Trio' .' " Claurl Edward' "" Wall, yen let me seea I did prominasebut then, you know, that Ie soa' time since-the citizens didn't do it then you know have to loose i iimyself if I did.2 Yes-'very awkward-leo t ai t '-eoa - &I; c e&-e 0 Trio i-i Ditto' ditto." " Oh'lI my prophetic oul, my utncle I -The Trio eaid, in the first instanco, they would do a? much as the Charles Edward, and they havel done so. Butoh I hat a falling off was there i Prom an ox, vainglo'iotis and boastful,' they aid thoeir ompanias have dropped to the level of drowned tse-- they'comimenucedleke lidne, and finished like tomtita ! ? -; - - "IRememberth il i - SAye,. thou poor ghosts, while memory holds a In our negleoted Gippaland l, -' -i : ' ,am, siryours tiruly; . . .; A BURGESS. 