THE NE WS OF THE DAT. ' There was but little business of importance trans acted in tho Legislative Council, yesterday. Mr Fawkner'a motion, instructing the standing orders' committee to revise tho rules relative to the absence of membors, was agreed to ; and Mr Fellows suc ceeded in carrying his motion, that the amendment of bills by message from the Governor, except for tho correction of errors, was a power which should not bo exercised. Tho House adjourned at five minutes after fivo until four o'clock this day. Tho burden of the complaint ot tho hon. member for tho Wimmera, made last night in the Legislative Assembly, against the working of tho present land law, had not so much referonco to the law itself as to tho practice of thoso who bavo sought to evado its provisions. Having raised a class of ' modiums' or ' ghosts,' in order to secure pos session of tho land, the squatters find that they cannot ' lay' them without submitting to their oxtortionate demands, and thoy cry out, there fore, against tho ' disreputablo scoundrels' that they havo called into existence, who avail themselves of tho advantages of thoir position, and aro proportionately exorbitant as thoy are for tunate in securing a aotection. Had thoro beep a sufficient number of ' respoctablo mediums ' who could have been trustod to aot on bohalf of - tho land speculator, and who would have been content with a moderate remuneration for tho work thoy porformed, it is vory ovident the Hamilton corres pondence road by tho hen. member, and which will bo found in our Parliamentary report, would nover have been pnnned. Mr M'Culloch vory properly drew attention to this, and blamed tho snuattors for boing instrumental in creating this class of speculators by offering them inducements ; and assorted that if tho squatters would but allow the land to fall quietly into tho hands of the bona fide selectors, thoy would net suffer so much as they had dono by the course thoy had hitherto pursued. He asserted that tho act was working admirably, and that tho bulk of tho land had gone into tho hands of bona fide selectors, and ho saw no reason to suspend its working for a single moment. Thoro certainly seems to be an improvement in tho manner in which the business of the city council is now conducted. Hitherto there has been prac tically no competition for tho work of lighting tho city, in consequence of tho mains of the Colling wood Gas Company being only partially laid. To obviate this difficulty; however, thiB year tenders wore called, provision being made that in the event of that of tho Collingwood Gas Company being ac cepted, they should bo allowed to use ke rosene in thoao localities where their gas was not laid down, ponding tho necessary extension of the mains. This allowed the Colling wood company to compete, and tho result is a saving to tho citizens of somo.£5000 per annum. For merly, the Melbourne company had the contract at £1-1 per lamp. When ihe tenders wero opened yes terday, it was found that the Collingwood company had tendered for ono your at £12 10s per lamp, for two years at £10, and for three years at £8 17s Cd, whilst the Melbourne company had tendered for tho three years at £7 per lamp— a reduction of just fifty per cout. The tender of the Melbourne Company was of course accepted. We learn, also, that tho corporation has docided upon testing Mr Knight's new invention for econmisiug tho consumption of gas, and at tho samo time in creasing tho brilliancy of tho light. Mr Knight will have one lamp at the entranco to the town hall committed to his charge, upon which ho will fix his apparatus, and to which a meter will bo attached. A metor will also bo attached to the other opposite lamp, so that tho exact difference in consumption may be ascertained. If Mr Knight is as successful as he 'anticipates, another saving will be effected of £1500 a year. Tho response made by members of tho Assembly to the call of tho Houso on Mr Harker's State- aid Abolition Bill would seem to indicate a consider ablo amount of npathy on tho part of the public with regard to the subject. Fifteen member? did not answer to their names when called on, excuses of all sorts being made for their absence. Messrs Grant (who is absent on public business), B. G. Davies, Greoves, Randall, Pope, Ramsay, Orr, Ponrson, Connor, Longmore, M'Cann, Moffatt, Baylos, Harbison and Cunningham, woro tho ab sentees. After some discussion, the second reading of tho bill was negatived by a majority of 29 to 25. Tho ordinary half-yearly meeting of the directors and shareholders of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Company was held yesterday, at tho officos of tho company, Flinders stroet. The report was nnauiinously adopted, and a dividend at the rate of ten per cent, per annum was declared. Messrs Bell and Pinnock were re-elected auditors, and, with a vote of thanks to the chairman, the proceedings terminated. A full report will be found ols8whoro. The Collingwood Protection League held thoi* weekly meeting on Monday evening, at the Grace Darling Hotel, Smith-streot, Collingwood. The president of the league, Councillor WaHdas, pre sided. The minutes of the former, meeting were read and confirmed, and also a l\st of new mem bers, amounting to 150, who had joined tho leoguo during tho post week. Letters were also read which had been received from country districts, announcing tho steady progress of protection principles. The effect was nioro'particu larly remarked in those townships whore Mr Edward Langton had recently visited, and lectured on free trade. Tho treasurer then read tho financial state ment of tho Icagne, a vote ef thanks was given to the president, and tho meeting adjourned. A circular has been forwarded from' tho Minister of Minos to tho several mining surveyors, which fixes tho scale of feea for surveying 20 aero selec tions at tho same rate as thoso charged for survey ing mining leases ; tho feo, therefore, is £3 for sur veying a 20-acre block ; four shillings per milo, tra velling expenses, if beyond three miles from tho surveyor's office ; and a stated charge, according to distance, for running a connecting lino to somo given surveyed point, as required by tho regula tions. Mr Hopkins's motion that tho Chairman report progress in committeo on the. Mining Bill, at cloven o'clock last ovening, drew from the Attorney - Genoral a sharp rebuke to tho House generally for its inortness in proceeding with tho business of tho country, and an intimation that if it was desired to get the session closed quickly, it would be neces sary to Bit much later. Other members of tho Government followed on the same side, aud the result tvas, that it was nearly ono o'clock boforo tho Spoaker resumed his seat, and tho House ad journed. Winter appears to have now set in in earnost. Yesterday's Ballaarat Stnr'says : — ' A rathor heavy fall of snow for so oarly a period in tho season took place on Monday morning, and the high lauds about tho town were covered with tho white look of an old country winter. Mounts Buninyong and Warronheip retained thoir snowy covering for the greater part of the day. Cold storms of rain and sleot wero frequent during tho day. Our Creswick correspondent states that in that district a heavy fall of snow took placo on Suuday evening, aud continued during. the night. On Monday morning tho country about Creswick, Smeaton.and Bullarook was covered with snow to a depth of severalinches.' Tuesday's Daylesford Express observes : — ' Yes terday now-comers had a genuine specimen of win ter weather at Daylesford. Sunday was very incle ment, heavy squalls of snow alternating with hail and rain. The snow, however, melted almost as fast as it reached the ground. Early yesterday a regular snow storm set in, which covered the earth before daylight with a mantle of dazzling whiteness, from one to four inches thick. In places where the wind had drifted it, the depth of snow was much greater. It continued to descend till ten a.m., the flakes being as large as we ever saw them in the old country. Wombat Hill, en veloped in its unwonted drapery, presented a sin gular appearance, the dark trunks of the trees standing out as boldly in relief as black marble statues would on a wall of the purest Carrara. Tho beauty of the snow-clad landscape elicited expres sions of pleasure even from those accustomed to such scenes in Europe, while some young colonials, to whom the sight was as new as extraordinary, were boisterous in their delight. Advantage was of course taken of the event to indulge in a game of snowball, and we noticed some ' grave and reverend seignors ' engaging in the pastime with the gusto of their boyish years. Before midday the snow, touched by the magic beams of old Sol, had dis appeared like a fairy vision, and streets, which but a short time before seemed covered with frosted silver, flowed with liquid mire. The M. and D. Advertiser says :— ' We regret to I learn that diphtheria, in a malignant form, is very ' prevalent at' Homebush. Ten deaths occurred ' among tho small population of that placo within the ' last few weeks, ono poor woman losing throo children 1 within a fortnight.' - Tho man recently taken into custody, at Kyneton, on suspicion of boing Dunn tho bushranger, was again brought up beforo the local bench on Monday morning, and discharged. Tho Observer says : ? 11 Tho sergeant of police stated that a telegram had boon received by Inspeotor Green, from New South Wales, stating that it was known that Dunn wbb still in that colony, so that of course the prisoner was not the man. A more lengthy description of the bushranger has been received, and, strange to say, the prisoner answered to the description, even more strikingly than ho did to tho meagre ono pos sessed by Inspector Grcon, when ho made the arrest. The prisoner, it appeared, had travelled from Forbes and had passed through Eohuca, where he carried on similar practices to those he had beon guilty of in Kyneton, so that he richly deserved the week's im prisonment he got for hia resomblanco to tho bush ranger.' Commenting upon the operations of tho 'me- diums,' the Hamilton Spectator says : — 'We havo heard of one instance in which £500 was paid, cash down, for an allotment. Offers ut vory high prices are the oonstant talk. One selector was offered £3 per aero bonus on a small lot of about one hundred acres. Auother, on an allotment of fire hundred acres was offered £1 per acre, but modestly stood outfor£110s. Iu fact, the offers and rumors of offers are like tho tradesman's catalogue of novelties, too numerous to mention, and tho actual bargains made and concluded are in proportion. Now, what is it the men havo sold ? Something, in fact, which they never bad. Something that they have no right to sell. They are pretending to sell a right or title which does not belong to them. They select the land on certain conditions, tho primary condition being that thoy shall, by themselves or by their sorvanta, occupy it, cultivate it, and improvoit. For them to go, immediately on getting the receipt for the first half-year's rent, and in express contra vention of tho act, sell and bargain away tho land, is at all events a breach of faith, and a falsehood by implication. It is a proceeding of questionable honesty from tho first start.' Referring to another phaso in the affair, our con temporary has the following : — ' Whenever a man offers you a horso for sale, and you inquiro as to its age, you aro always told that it is rising seven. What a nrolific venr flnvflti vpm-H nrm mnaf lmtm ]1aan for horses. Something of the same touch may be observed at tho land office. Quite a number of barefaced youths and juvenile young ladies aro ap pearing daily at the laud office, all of whom were twonty-one last birthday. It's wonderful what a year '44 mnst have been. Luck is a strango thing. Numbers of people have boon called two or throo days sinco tho racket began, while hundreds never had a draw ; but tho most remarkable instance of luck which wo havo yot heard of was three of a family, a sister and two brothers, boing called within a dozen draws, all of whom, on being asked to state their age, declared they were ' Twenty-ono last April.' Now tho strangeness of the thing is, first, that they should be triplets ; secondly, that all should have arrived at such maturity ; thirdly, that all should bo drawn to select laud on the same dav. Wonderful ! ' Yesterday, at tho Sandridgo police court, before Messrs Plummer and Call, Peter Christlson, a native of Denmark, summoned John Brown; second officer of the ship Morning Glory, for an assault on tho high Beas. On the 12th of April, Christison was in the forecastle getting some bread, when Brown camo in and ordered him out, at tbe same timo striking him a blow in tho faco and breaking iris node. ChriBtison fell on tho deck, and Brown kicked him several times. For the defonco, Mr P.ead contended, that tho plaintiff had been neglecting his duty, anil pnt Brown into tho box, who swoje that, upon the morning in question, which was very squally, ho missed Chriatison from the watoh, anil upon, going into the forecastle ho found the plaintiff Sp.it asloajT, and tried to awake him. When atlength ho snecseded inturninghimout, ho puehod him down, and hia nose was broken agaiiifit the deck. Previous to the magistrates giving their decision, a charge of assault aguiust Owen Jones, tho first officer of tho samo vessel, was heard. In this caso, Oliff Dick son, the plaintiff, stated that, on tho 6th of April, as ho waa passing tho defendant, he was told to movo on, at tho samo time receiving a kick, nnd as he went down tho hatchway tho defendant also kicked him npon tho head, inflicting a severe wound. For tbo defence it was denied that any assault was ever committed, and that in helping the men to square tbo yards, Dickson and several sailors accidentally fell npon tho plaintiff, when ho received tho injuries ho ascribed to the illtreatment of tho defendant. An attempt was mndo to provo that, sinco the last adjournment of tho caso, the defendants had offered to compromise tho matter by giving Iho men clothca, and offering them £2 not to appear ; and Mr Call stated that it was plain the defendants in both enses had admitted by thoir conduct having committed the assault ; and, thero foro, ho awardod to Cbristison £3, end £2 5a costs, and to Dickson £2, and £2 5s costs. Several small debt cases wero heard, but none of public interest. An instance of tho manner iu which many young girls aro induced to load a lifo of almost irrecove rable depravity was adduced in a case hoard at the city police court, yesterday. William Vollen, a colored man, and Mary Williams, wero brought up charged with keeping a brothel in a right-of-way between Lonsdalo and Little Lonsdalo streets, and with enticing three young girls, averaging about fourteen years of age, therein. Iho girla wore named Elizaboth Morgan, and Sarah and Elizabeth Arra. From the evidence, it appeared that the former girl bad been living with the prisoners about six months, and the two latter, who are sisters, nnd who are orphans, about ono month. On Saturday night last, the three girls wero found in Bonrko strcet, in a stato of great destitution, by a constable, to whom they Btalod that they had been turned out of doors by the prisoner Vollen because they refused to entertain tho indecent ovortnres made by Vollen's countrymen and Chinamen. Consequent upon this iufoimation, tho officer promptly unkennelled tho prisoners, and had them brought before the court on the charges abovo-mentioned. Tho poor girls prc sonted a most deplorable sight, their cloihes appeared as though they had been pitchforked on their backs ; they wero dirty in the extreme ; and altogother thoy formed a perfect picture of misery and poverty. Tho prisoner Vollen was sent to gaol for twelve monthfi, and tho prisoner Williams for six months. Tho girls were brought up as vogranta, but wero ultimately re manded till Friday. There was a long list of cases at tho city police court yesterdny. Robert M'Faddon was charged with forging and uttering threo Oriental Bank cheques, amounting in all to £100, on Mr John M'Killop, residing at tho Crown Hotel, Lopsdale street, for which offence he was committed for trial. There wero several individuals brought np on charges of petty larceny, most of whom received sentonces of ono and threo months' imprisonment. Thero was no business of importanco on the charge sheet of the East Collingwood police court, yesterday. Euphemia Gillospio, charged with larceny, was remanded for aoven days for medical inqniry ; and Louisa Barnfield, an habitual drunkard, wns Bent to gaol for a like period. In ' throo smull debta cases verdicta were given for the ' amount claimed, with coats. Messrs Templeton, Thomas, and Cope presided. ' 'A Career of Crime,' is tho very appropriate ! lieading given by tbo Bendigo Advertiser to the 1 folio wiug paragraph :— ' A man who had boon ap prehended by Detective Kolle was brought before ; the bonch, at tbo town hall, yesterday. Hib career ] in crime is a most strange and romarkable ono, and such as has been but seldom equalled. He wont ay tho name of Georgo Wentwortb, and acknow- . lodged to tho c\lias of Abraham Ciabtree, while tho :ognomen oil John Bray was another of his _ i ? ? T— / iv_ ? loon l ? t__T i ? - ? * * aliases. xu mo jeiir j.oo-5 no uau ueon tried at York, ai,ii transported for fourtoen years for stealing ' money. In tho yonr 1840 ho had beon tried at Launceston for horso stealing and acquitted. In the samo year, and at tho same place, ho had beon tried for stoaling money, and sontonced to seven years aa a convict. In 1851, he was tried again at the same placo for burglary, and sentenced to fourteen years. In 1861 be had beon tried and acquitted for the murder of a child. Ho had been after wards apprehended under suspicion of' having murdered Phillips, the Jew ; after this he had been tried for the murder of another child, named Alico Hughes, aud again acquitted ; and was at present under a sontence in Van Diomen'a Land of fourteen years for tho murder of his brother. Ho had also been convicted for petty offences in this colony, once in thia district and once at Echuca. Kolle's services in capturing this ruffian will doubtless bo recognised by the Chief Commissioner of Police.' Speaking of the gold mining operations which aro about to bo commenced in tho neighborhood of Goolong, the Register saya : — ' Notwithstanding tho common supposition that, aa tho, auriferoua leads of the Western gold-fields approach tho sea, they dip to a great depth, it is the opinion of no moan authority in geological matters that a trne gold bottom will bo struck at' little over 200 feet, on the ground lately taken np by the Advance Geelong Company, which is situated between M'Killop street and the Barwon, Indeed, thero is one point on tho river where tho bottom of the flat may be seen, and of its character we shall, no doubt, pre sently bo able to give some interesting information. Tho company, however, ia determined to go to a depth of 600 feet, if nocessary ; for, at a meeting of tho promoters, held last night at the Cremorno Hotel, the tender of Messis Morria and Holds worth, for boring to that depth, was accepted, and no timo is to bo lost in commoncing operations. A meeting will be held, to-day, at tho company'8 claim, at two o'clock, to fix upon tho Bpot whero tho bore is to bo put down.' A meeting of tho shareholders of the Golden Gato Gold Mining Company took place, yesterday, for general business ; J. Smith, Esq., in the chair. The minutes of tho previous meeting having been confirmed, it was resolved that a call of Is per share be made. Tho tender of Mr John Reea, for tunnelling, was accepted-. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. A mooting of the Model Yacht Club was held yesterday evening at tho Freemasons' Hotel ; Dr. Thompson in the chair. Tho miuutos of tbe pre vious meeting wero read and confirmed. The rules of the club and the regulations for sailing were sub mitted by tho secrotary and approved of by the membors. Arrangements orn being made to havo the first trial trip of tbo club on the 1st of July next ; and it is to bo hoped froin the promises of snpport that tho club will bo able to inaugurate their first meeting with great auccoss. Tho bnsinesa, which was of an entirely 3outino nature, was brought to a close by the usual rote of thanks to the chairman, and tho meeting separated. We learn thnS iho search for Mr M'Lelland, of the Alma, was coniriimed during tho whole of last week, and that, on Monday morni-ag, tho friends of that gentleman Lad their worst iratioipations realised, by finding his- dead body in ihe bush, with tho throat cut. The- M. and D. Advertiser says : — ' Tho body was fonnoJ at no great distance from tho road, near the Bei Bet Creek, ami close to where the horse was s3»-n grazing on tais day fortnight. A knifo, appMsntly the one used in inflicting the wound, lay c1cb& to the lmdy, aid in the pockets wero found the dead man's watch, and somo silver. Information of tbs discovery wiuat onco forwarded to tbo police at ItJaryborouyb, and Mounted-Conatablo Boylo pro ceeded to the spot, aud had the remains conveyed to ihe Alma, where au inquest will bo held in tho aoirrse ot to-day. Pending the result of tho official io'veaUjaiioa oi tiie case, it would, be impolitic to 8tato tho many rumors current regarding it; it is, however, generally supposed that tho death wns self cansed. We aro informed that for gome days before his disappearance hia manner waa peculiarly strange, and that he nppeured to apprehend some impending danger, telling hia frionda that ho would soon be in gaol. Although tbero is a certain melancholy satisfaction expressed in ascertaining tho futo of the decoased gontleman, tbe event hna cast a great gloom over tbo neighborhood, where Mr M'Lellaud, wua a' highly respected resident for many years.' Dr. Youl held an iDquest, yesterday, at tho Mel bourne Hospital, upon tbo body of Mr Edward Davis, aged thirty-four years. The deceased, who was a grain crusher, waa engaged on tbo 26th of May, cleaning with a needle part of the bearings of the machine, when hia fingers got dragged be tween tho wheels, and iu trying to extricate his hand, three of them were torn away. He was taken to tho hospital and had his wonnds dressed, and was progressing favorably until the 2nd inst., when totanns set in, and bo died upon tho 4th. A ver dict of accidental death was returned by tho jury. An inquest wns held, yesterday, at the Melbourne hospital, upon tho body of William Barclay. The deceased was attending to bis horso, whou a rug fell off its back, and tho horse started and ran down Flindera-atreet. Whilst crossing tho gutter, tho deceased, iu trying to stop tho horse, slipped and fell under tho dray, the wheel of which passed over bis hend, and as he had hold of the reins at tho timo he was dragged a considerable distance. The de ceased was at once convoyed to the hospital, but Dr Enabling stated that death had taken place before he arrived thoro. Tho jury returned a verdict of acci dental death. Tho ordinary monthly meeting of St. Patrick's Society took placo last evning, in St. Patrick's Hall ; the president (Mr Owen Moran) occupying tho chair. Tho minutes of tho previous mtetiug were read nnd confirmed. Tho following gentlemen wero proposed aa benefit members : — Messrs John O'Boyle, John Regan, Jamoa Regan, Michael Meado, Patrick Gautliug aud James Byrno. Tho gentlemen admitted as lifo members wero : — Mes?rs James Murphy, Michael Dawson and James Quirk. Admitted as bonefit members: — Messrs Patrick Hogan, Jeffry Q'Connell, Patrick M'Cormack and Robert Groou. Mr John Matthew Boland was elected a member of tho general committee. The foHow iug resolution waa inoved by Mr O'Boyle, an seconded by Mr Crow : — ' That every member clear on the books on the 1st of July next be presented with a copy of tho rules, provided ho has not pre viously obtained one gratuitously ; and that all now membors on joiniug the society roceivo a copy gratis.' The resolution was almost unanimously adopted, thero being only four dissentients. During the evening ic wns stated that thoro wero now about 200 members belonging to tho society. Tho meeting adjourned until tho first Tuesday iu July next. 