THE WEEKS NEWS. Stranding or the Steamship Kangaroo.— We regret to have to record the stranding near Wallaroo of the steamship Kangaroa, which left Port Adelaide for Wallaroo Bay on Saturday last, j Her owners are Messrs. Beeby & Duustan, of this city. It appears from the telegrams we have our- j selves received, and from other sources, that she went ashore at half-past 11 o'clock on Sunday night, having mistaken lights on shore for lights at Wallaroo Bay. Her position then was about a mile and a half south of Bird Beef, and about five miles from Wallaroo Bay. She lay in six feet of water a position said in our first telegram not to be dangerous. The schooner Walrus was at 10 o'clock on Monday morning chartered to go down to lighten the steamer. The Harbour-Master pro ceeded in her with several extra hands; but our second telegram says that owing to head winds she would be unable to do so last night. The weather at that time (nearly 5 o'clock) was ca in, but threatening. Our latest telegram states that she was alongside the Wallaroo Jeity making water fast, and that a poition of her cargo had been thrown overboard. The vessel is insured in the Adelaide and Marine Assurance and tlie South Australian Insurance Companies. The Swan River Passengers.—The arrival of the Ann Sanderson, from Swan Kiver, naturally gave rise to some enquiry relative to the character of the importation, especially as the supercargo of the brig attempted by a ruse to induce the sup position that BcdpatU was amongst the passengers. On enquiry', however, this was found not to be the case, although one of the occupants of the cabin sufficiently coveted notoriety to allow himself to be pointed out as the veritable convict. The master states most positively that there were no Government people on board, and further, that the authorities at Western Australia are quite as anxious to prevent their emigration as the Executive here are to prevent the ingress of the contamination* South Australian Institute.—The readinR room of the South Australian Institute is visited daily by some persons who find it convenient to take food for both body and mind at one and the same time. Their " custom always of an after noon" is to eat fruit or other dainties, and throw the refuse on the floor. Now this is objectionable in a reading-room, and is not much cleaner than a practice which prevails in America, where, as Mr. Dickens has pointed out, a stranger in an hotel may stoop to pick up what he beiieves to be a shilling, and may find himself dreadfully disap pointed. Societv op Blues.—A meeting of the above Society was held on Tuesday at Mr. W. J. Brind's office, North-terrace; the llev. Cannon Farr in the cliair. It was resolved that the annual dinner should take place on the Thursday previous to Easter, when the annual report would be read. Mr. W. Heath was appointed Committeeman pro lem. instead of Mr. E. A. Hamilton, and Messrs. W. J. Brind, E. J. F. Crawford, and K. B. Moore Stewards for the ensuing dinner. Intercolonial Kifle Match.—The friendly trial of skill in rifle shooting, which had been arranged to take place between twelve South Aus tralian riflemen and twelve of New South Wales, came oil" at the Butts on the South Park Lands on Tuesday, March 2S. The weather was not very favourable for the shooting, as the heat was very intense, aud the wind occasionally blew in gusts either along or across the range, and the mirage was also very great. The total aggregate score was 1.83S points. The distances fired at were from 200 to 900 yards inclusive; seven rounds per man at each distauce. The highest aggregate score at all ranges was made by Lieut. Hill, 177 points. According to the conditions of the match the Sydney men are to fire on any day in the week ending April 5. Private Bifle Match.—A correspondent in forms us that on Saturday, the 25th March, a rifle match took place between Mr. Wm. Kidd and Mr. Geo. Mills, and Corporal Cross and Mr. Bennett, for a supper. Mr. W. Sorrell acted as umpire for Messrs. Kidd and Milis, and Mr. John Sanderson for Messrs. Cross aud Bennett, who were declared victors by three points. The competitors and some friends afterwards enjoyed the supper at the Governor Hindinarsli Hotel, where Hostess Coulthard displayed her usual liberality as a caterer, and her ability as a cook and vintner. Lighthouse for Gate Jaffa—The following memorial lies for signature in the Exchange. It has already been signed by the representatives of several Insurance Companies and mercantile firms: " To the President and members of the Marine Board of South Australia. The memorial of the undersigned Insurance Office?, importers, and others interested in shipping humbly showeth— That in consequence of the want of a light in the locality of Cape Jaffa, most lamentable loss of life and serious destruction of property has recently occurred in the total loss of the schooner Agnes, with all on hoard save one. That this is by no means the first casualty which has occurred in that exceediugiy dangerous neighbourhood. That the traffic which is affected by the perils of that place is the largest and must importaut in the I colony. Your memorialists would, therefore, [ humbly pray that steps may at once he taken to place a light at that locality." Reported Accident.—On Monday night, about 9 o'clock, a report was made to the police at Port Adelaide that some person had fallen from the Prince's Wharf into the river. Corporal Jones, with the water police, proceeded at once to the spot, and drugged in the vicinitT of the place indicated for about two hours, hut without finding anything. At daylight the drags were again used for about two hours, hut without success. The report arose from the fact of a stage leading from the wharf to the brig Derwent falling into the water, probably from the motion of the vessel, and the steward of the vessel believing lie heard, at the same time as the splash, a voice exclaiming "O God," thought that some one must have fallen with the stage. Alarm: of Fire.—shortly afier midnight on Monday a dense body of smoke attracted the attention of tlie police at the Fort, and it was ascertained to proceed from an outhouse at the rear of Mr. Allen's (butcher's) shop in St. Vincent street. The alarm was given, the railway hell was sounded, and the police fire-engine got out; hut tlirough the energetic exertions of the police the lire was speedily extinguished before any damage was done. Filie in the Cemetery.—On Friday, 21th, about I o'clock, a fire broke out in the acacia hedge which bounds the southern side of the West- ; terrace Cemetery. Fortunately there was very little wind at the time. A number of men engaged in Corporation work happened to be near at hand, wli", with a few of the neighbours, succeeded in checking the progress of the flames before very much damage was done. Til e City Council have gone to considerable expense in keeping down the grass within the enclosures; but this is not done in the Cemetery, where the grass is so long and dry, that except under very favourable circum stances, a fire breaking out within the enclosure could not he checked. The consequences of such a fire are painful to reflect upon. Accident.—At about 4 o'clock on Sunday afternoon, March 28, as two persons were pro ceeding in a gig at a rather rapid rate from Moore street into Angas- street, the wheel came in contact with a post at the comer, capsizing the vehicle and throwing the occupants out with considerable force. The driver, who was under the influence of liquor at the time, received several cuts and bruises, but not of a character requiring medical assistance. The other person escaped without injury. Accident to Mr. F. Pearce.—A correspondent supplies the following information:—"Tlie nu merous friends of Mr. F. Pearce, of O'Halloran Hill, wiil he glad to leam that he is slowly recovering from the late serious accident which befel him oil Sunday, the 19th ulL, when, liis ' liorse going at a high speed, was thrown down, falling heavily on Mr. I'earce's left foot and leg. The force was such that the hone that connects the great toe with the instep was wrenched com pletely out of both sockets, and the end connected with the great toe forced its way through the upper leather of the boot, and protruded at least in inch mill nhalf nnhsiilp the hnnt Tip fortunately happened to be passing in his buggy within five minutes after the accident, and found Mr. Pearce lying on the road perfectly sensible. The doctor immediately lifted him into his buggy and drove him home, a distance of five miles, and immediately attended to the wound. Be removed a portion of the bone that had beeu forced outside, and expressed great hopes of being able to save the foot; but after 12 days of intense suffering it was deemed necessary by Dr. Bayer, who had been called in, to amputate the leg at the middle of tlie calf. Dr. Bayer performed the operation on Friday, the 3rd instant. Mr. Pearce has lain from that time till the present without any one being allowed to see or speak to ltim except his nurses; but he is now able to sit up iu bed for half an hour at a time, and under the skilful attention of Dr. Maurau is likely to soon get about." The Outward March Mail.—'Wc have been favoured with the following particulars of mails dispatched per contract packet 27th March, 1S65: —London via Marseilles, 5 boxes, containing 1,674 letters (29 registered) and 3S6 newspapers; London via Southampton, 51 boxes, containing 9,021 letters (276 registered) and 9,933 newspapers; India, China, Cape of Good Hope, Mauritius, and Mediterranean ports, 44 mails, containing 051 letters (I registered) and 422 newspapers; Western Australia, 3 mails, containing 187 letters (2 registered) and 171 newspapers. Pbice op Gas.—The price of gas has been reduced to ISs. per thousand cubic feet—a very considerable advantage to the consumers, and a pleasing evidence of the success of the Company. Another Kind op Transportation.—Under this heading a correspondent writes to the Argus forwarding the subjoined extract from the Kilkeu ny Moderator of January 11, and requests the Editor to draw attention to the design announced, and help to check similar projects in future:—"Our worthy Mayor, E. Smithwick, Esq., seems deter mined to spare no personal expense for the im provement of our city, morally as well as physi cally. He lias, we understand, just disbursed a 1 very large sum from his private purse to an J emigration agent for the removal of some of the J ' frail sisterhood'—who had been long a nuisance I and a scandal to the community—to Australia, in | the hope that they may become better and more useful members of society in that distant land." Mr. and Mrs. Case's Entertainment.—Mr. and Mrs. Case gave their final performance in Adelaide on Saturday evening, March 25. White's Boom was tolerably well filled, and' the various characters embraced in theentertainmest, selected from " Apartments to Let," " Latest Intellipence," and " A Trip to the Bhine," were represented with all the fidelitj-and cleverness which distinguish Mrs. Case's acting. Her singingand dancing were so much admiied as to evoke encores; while Mr. Case's concertina, pianoforte, and violin perfor mances were received with their usual applause. At the close of the last piece Mrs. Case came forward ar.d gracefully thanked the Adelaide public for the kind appreciation and generous support they had accorded her and her husband during their stay. She also intimated that they might at some future time repeat their visit to the •colony. Immigration —The Coldstream, chartered to convey immigrants to Adelaide, was to receive passengers at Plymouth on the 27th February. Cost per statute adult, £12 14s. 8d. Chalmers Free Presbyterian Church. —Two missionary discourses were yesterday- delivered in this Church by the Kev. John Gardner. The sub ject in the forenoon was 2 Cor. 8,1C-20; and that in the evening was Genesis 13, T-1S. The collections, which were on behalf of the Dayspring, amounted to £3113s. 5cL New Hebrides Mission.—The Eev. John G. Paton preached at the Freeman-street Congre gational Church on Sunday morning, March 2fi, on behalf of the New Hebrides Mission. The church was well filled, and at the close of the devotionall portion of the services the Eev. Mr. Paton selected his text for the sermon from Corinthians 1., 14th chapter, 9th verse— •'For a great door and effectual is opened unto me, and there are many adversaries." The rev. gentleman, after a few prefatory remarks on the subject of the sermon, proceeded to show, first, that at Epliesus God opened a great and effectual door of usefulness for Paul, which he proved by six illustrations; secondly, he pointed out that the adversaries Paul met with at Ephesus were of a similar description to those wh cli all missionaries of the present day had on the island of the New Rebridess to contend with. Having described the Goddess Diana, and the form of worship, the reverend gentleman showed a goddess from the islands of a similar character. He then spoke of the trinkets brought from Diana, from which the worshipper expected blessings, and contrasted with these the aprons from Paul's person, working miracles peculiarly adapted to the prejudices and worship of the Epbesians; tliirdly, the rev. gentleman showed that the means of which Paul availed himself to overcome these evils, missionaries of the present day used, and that they were as powerful as ever toaccomp'ish God's work in sweeping away idola tory, and in saving souls; and fourthly he made an earnest appeal on behalf af the New Hebrides Mis sion and the schooner Dayspring, which resulted in a collection amounting to £2t> 14s.l0d. In the even ing the Eev. Mr. Paton, in aid of the same object, preached a sermon in the Flinders-street Baptist Chapel to a large congregation. On this occasion he took for his text the 19th and 20th verses of the 2Sth chapter of Matthew—" Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost: teaching them to observe all things what soever I have commanded you; and lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world. Amen." The sermon was most impressive, and bore frequent reference to the state of the heathen in the islands of the New Hebrides. The sum in the boxes at the doors, which were devoted to the receipts of voluntary contributions in aid of the work, amounted to £10 12s. New Hebrides Mission.—The appeals which have recently been made to the liberality of the Christian public in behalf of the New Hebrides Mission have met with many noble responses, as will be seen by reference to the list of donations and subscriptions which has been published in our daily paper. Not only have considerable sums been subscribed, but the missionary ship Dayspring has been supplied with donations of floor, candles, jams, oil, meat, coal, timber, honey, fruits, stationery, sugar, clothing, tools, &c.; Evi dently the visit of the Eev. J. G. Paton to the colony will not have been made in vain. Hindmarsh Eifles.—A dinner took place at the Squatters' and Joiners' Arms, Hindmarsh, the occasion being the presentation to the Captain of the Hindmarsh Eifles of a sword. About 40 persons were present. Captain Trapmann filled the chair, supported by Lieut.-Colonel Mayo and Drill-Instructor O'Carroll, while Lieut. Harts home took the vice-chair. A really excellent spread was served by Host Schunke, which having been disposed of in a satisfactory manner, the usual loyal and patriotic toasts were enthusiasti cally druuk iu rapid succession. Lieutenant Hartshorne proposed "Colonel Biggs" in very eu'.egistic terms, holding that officer up as an example of what a volunteer should be. Captain Trapmann gave "Lieutenant-Colonel Mayo." He did - not believe there was au officer in the fotce to which so much credit was owing. The toast was drunk with immense applause. Lieutenant-Colonel Mayo replied in feeling lan guage, intimating that he had exerted himself to raise the force, because he believed the service of the volunteers had been required. They had drunk the Colonel's health, and certain it was that they could hardly give him too much praise. He had striven to advance the interests of the force. The Government in future would require close attention to drill aud would be prepared to re munerate those who were attentive to their duties. Haviug complimented the Officers of the Staff generally for their zeal, he concluded by proposing "The Health of Captain Trapmann, Lieutenant Hartshorne, and the Hindmarsh Volunteers gene rally." Lieutenant Hartshorne said it now rested with him to express, on behalf of the company, their high appreciation of the ardour, energy, and ability of the Captain. It was gratifying to see fellow-colonists giving up their leisure for the good of the province in general, and the man whose health he had to propose had shown himself an example to the fathers of families and to every Briton; for, although he was not a Briton himself, he had evidenced traits of character which any Englishman might he proud to imitate. They had met together to present Captain Trapmann with a small evidence of the sense of his merit entertained by them. Lieutenant Hartshorne then handed over a haudsome sword and belt to the Captain, which had been purchased by the voluntary contributions of the corps. The toast was then drunk amid deafening cheers. Captain Trapmann responded. He could not find words to express his heartfelt gratitude at this token of their respect and regard. He hoped that if ever they were called out tliey would find that they had not committed the weapon presented to him to unworthy hands. He reminded his comrades that attention to drill was as requisite as attention to firing, aud intimated his pleasure at seeing the accessions which were being made to the members of their company. (Applause.) Mr. Alexander suitably proposed "The Drill-Instructors," to which Drill-Instructor O'Carroll responded. The other toasts on the pro gramme, including "The Press," which was re sponded to by tlie representatives of the Register and the Telegraph, having been disposed of, a most harmonious aud convivial meeting concluded." We should meutiou that a very distinguishing element in the proceedings was the singing, which was of a decidedly superior class. Courage Rewarded.—A few days ago we had the pleasure to record a bold and skilful effort by which Mr. Durieu avoided a collision between tlie omnibus he was driving and a pony-carriage driven by a young lady on the Bay-road. We understand that Mr. Durieu has since received a very gratifying verbal acknowledgment of the courage and skill by allien he prevented a serious accident, and the message was accompanied by a £5 note. Cricket Match.—The return match between tlie Albert aud Hindmarsh Cricket Clubs took place on the East Park Lauds on Saturday after noon, March 18. Messrs. Chapman and Staccy acted as captains for the Albert and Hindmarsh teams respectively. At the conclusion of the game the Albert's had obtained the fine score of 114 runs, their opponents only making 33. The bowling of Bosnian and Aldridge on the Albert side was very effective, as was also that of Jones and Reaney, of the Hindmarsli team. The highest individual score was that of Woods, who obtained 51 runs. Chapman carried out his bat for 24. The conquering match is expected to come off shortly. Recti-be at the Ixstitcte.—The autumn series of Institute lectures commenced on Friday evening, March 24. The attendance was good, and Mr. A. Stow presided. The lecturer was the Rev. J. Gardner, whose subject was "Ireland, and the Irish." The lecture chiefly consisted of some reminiscenses of a personal visit to the Green Isle, made prior to the rev. gentleman's coming to the colony- In a graphic manner he described the passage to Belfast, and his impressions of the country he travelled over, which included Xewry, Dundalk, Droglieda, and Dublin. He also gave some interesting information respecting the population, public buildings, educational esta blishments, and general status of these cities, interspersing his narrative by numerous anecdotes illustrative of the wit, humour, hospitality, genuine kindness and warmth of heart, and other charac teristic traits of the Irish. That peculiar institution . —Irish cars—with their necessary adjuncts, Irish carmen, came in for a special share of notice. He closed his lecture by an estimate of the character and disposition of the people of Ireland. In the first place, they were kind, open-hearted, liberal obliging—in fact, in these and other particulars they would bear favourable comparison with any population on the face of the earth. In the second place, they were forbearing, patient, and uncom plaining; the hardships and wrongs they had en dured would have roused another race and have incited them to shake off" their shackles and strike for independence. In the third place, they were warm and forgiving; the law of kindness was never lost upon them. In the fourth place, 1 they were a careful hard- working, plodding race: and in the fifth place, with all their pecu liarities, they were a moral, honest, brave, liglit hearted, affectionate, and gladsome people. The rev. lecturer concluded, amid applause, by ex pressing the pleasure he would feel in revisiting the kind, laughter-loving, laughter- provoking in habitants of the Emerald Isle. A vote of thanks to the lecturer was carried by acclamation, and the Chairman having announced the next lecture, the attendance dispersed. City I h p;iovkme sts. —It :w ill be seen by our report of tiie special meeting of tbe Municipal Council, held on Monday, that a good stroke of business was done towards the improvement of the . city. The desirableness of seeking power from I Parliament for borrowing £L 0,00-1 for drainage I and other improvements was affirmed. It was re solved to apply to the Government to allow a suffi ! cient supply of water to the City Baths free of cost, ! and also for watering the streets. The Question of 1 purchasing the Waterworks was allowed to stand ! over for a time. The first step is to be taken | towards damming the Torrens, and tenders are to ' he called for for printing the three essays on city 1 drainage. Some other minor points were also dis i Ashton's Circus. —Ashton's Eoyal Anglo I Saxon Circus was opened for the first performance t on Monday evening near the Freemasons1 Tavern. 1 There was a crowded attendance in every division : of the spacious pavilion. The entertainment con sisted of vaiiousfeats of horsemanship, gymnastics, vaulting, and a number of other amusements, many of which were quite new to an Adelaide audience. The most noticeable portions of the first part of the entertainment were Professor Samson's extraordinary peiformance on the hori zontal bar; the graceful and clever feats of horse manship by Miss Kate Ashton, a very young equestrienne; and the very surprising sagacity displayed by Black Eagle, a horse so thoroughly trained that at the word of command it dis charged a pistol, discovered the whereabouts of a concealed handkerchief, temoved a kettle of boiling water from a flaming fire, and performed several other surprising tricks. Equally surprising in the second portion of the entertainment were the really astounding perfor mances by Mr. Ashton and Master Combo Combo, a native contortionist of Kockhampton, Queens land. whose fearless achievements on the chair la perche evoked the involuntary applause of the audience. Following this, Master Cailaghan, a coloured youth from the Sydney side, performed a variety of daring feats on horseback, amongst which may be mentioned that of throwing a back somersault over a large-sized banDer, and the jumping through several hoops of various dimen sions. The entertainment concluded with a novel and laughable scene entitled "A Trip to Donnybrook in a one-wheeled shay," illustrative of the raal Hibernian mode of travelling. During the evening Mr. Harry Cowle, as Clown, lost no opportunity of keeping the game alive by his broad humour, smart jokes, quirps and quanks, pungent puns, laughter-provoking anecdotes, grins, grimaces, and antics. Mr. K. Taylor, who will be remembered as an old favourite in Adelaide, in thanking the audience for their patronage, announced before the close of the entertainment that Mr. B. B. Stevens, lately from London, had been engaged by Mr. Ashton. Longitude by the Meridian Altitude.—A Salopian paper of recent date quotes from the London Mining Journal a paragraph which we cannot find in any of the journals which have reached us. It is as follows:—"The science of nautical astronomy has just received an acceptable addition, in the shape of a set of tables for ascer taining longitude at sea by the meridian altitude without the aid of a chronometer. Hitherto this has never been accomplished; but theauthorof the system (Mr. W. Lucas, of Swansea) has placed the matter in such a simple light, by means of plain figures, that a child, comparatively speaking, might find his way over the pathless waters wi-h out the aid of what has hitherto been considered the indispensable companion of the master mariner—a chronometer. The book will no doubt be much sought after, forming, as it does, another ray of light in the yet comparatively dark science of navigation." Nelson Light Dues.—The captain of the bng Bona has written a letter to tbe Nelson Examiner, complaining that whilst he had only to pay £117s. 6d. on passing 12 or 13 lights on the Austra lian coast, including Adelaide and Swan Island, he was compelled to pay JE210s. in the port of Nelson, " where there is no light at all, with the exception of a harbour light, which is neither of benefit or service to the navigation of Blind Bay." The Accident on the Railway.—The Ka punda Herald of March 24 contains the follow ing:—"Another railway accident happened to the last train of yesterday from Kapunda, Just after passing over the Light Bridge, at a place known as the Sand Cut, the crank of the axle of Ho. S engine broke, necessitating, of course, the stoppage of the train. A man was immediately dispatched back to Kapunda Station to inform the Station- _ master of the accident. Mr. Carroll, with his usual promptitude in such matters, forwarded telegrams to Adelaide and Gawler for the ballast, engine to be sent up, and also procured vehicles and dispatched them to the scene of the break down, to convey the passengers and mail which would arrive by the Adelaide traiu; these arrived at Kapunda at 8.39 p.m. The same engine and carriages returned with the passengers and mail from Kapunda. The ballast-engine arrived , from Gawler, and the disabled engine was pushed by two engines back to the Kapunda Station, where it arrived about 2 o'clock this morning." Poet Adelaide Election.—The Committee and several friends of Mr. D. Bower, one of the recently-returned members of Parliament for this district, met on Tuesday afternoon to receive that gentleman on his arrival from Wallaroo by the steamer Eleanor. The steamer arrived at the wharf about half-past 6 o'clock and Mr. Bower on landing was welcomed and escorted to the Exchange Hotel, where an abundant collation had been prepared for the occasion. About 39 gentle men sat down, His Worship the Mayor of Port Adelaide presiding. Mr. J. Hart, the other member for the district,.was also present. The solids having been disposed of, a number of toasts were drunk and responded to, and a very sociable and harmonious evening's entertainment- was brought to a close at about 10 o'clock. Entertainment to Mb. Tuxfobd's Friends. —The Hon. W. W. Tuxford entertained a large party of friends on Wednesday evening at the Masonic Hall, the dining- room of his private residence not being sufficiently spacious for the occasion. Amongst the company were the Hon. T. Reynolds, Treasurer; the Hon. H. B. T. Strangways, Commissioner of Crown Lands; the Hon. J. H. Barrow, M.L.C., the Hon. T. English, M.L.C., Mr. Santo, ALP., Mr. Coglin, M.P., the memhersoftheCentralandsomeof the Local Com mittees who had exerted themselves to secure Mr. Tuxford's return at the election, and a large number of his private friends from the country, as well as those residing in the city. The dinner was served up in his best style by Host Charnock, of the Clarence Hotel, and reflected great credit upon all con cerned in its preparation. The wines, also, were very superior, and the entertainment altogether must have been such as Mr. Tuxford desired his friends should enjoy. The meeting, although not of a public character, had sufficient reference to recent public occurrences to give the proceedings a somewhat formal order. There was a printed pro gramme of toasts, with the names of the proposers and persons selected to respond to them, placed before every guest, those of a loyal and routine cliaracter being assigned to Air. Tuxford, in his capacity of Chairman and, giver of the feast. Several very clever speeches'were delivered, and a considerable amount of political banter was in dulged in, which with some capital songs and reci tations eulivened and diversified the evening's pro ceedings. The programme was disposed of shortly after 12 o'clock, when a considerable number of the guests took their leave, but some choice spirits remained and further protracted the enjoyment of a very pleasant meeting. The Commissioner of Insolvency.—We regret to state that Mr. J. W. Atacdonald, the Commis sioner of Insolvency, was unable to undertake his usual duties at tbe Local Court (Limited Juris diction) on Wednesday, .in consequence of an attack of illness, through which he has been com pelled to keep to his bed. His Honor's health has not for some time past been very good, and a short time ago lie had a rather severe fall from liis horse, by which lie was considerably shaken. The Volunteer Force.—An advertisement appears in our business columns of some impor tance to volunteers. Tile use of the black belt, f place of the regulation belt is to be immediately discontinued, and all volunteers will be required to show that they are in possession of the proper accoutrements before the new uniforms are issued to them. 'Where the black belt lias been substi tuted by authority for the other they can be ex changed. The Victorian Equatorial Telescope.—The equatorial telescope presented to the colony of Victoria by Mr. Lascelles was stated by Mr. Verdon. in the Legislative Assembly, to be not suited to the colony, although it had been found most valuable at Malta. The Board of Visitors at the Observatory had advised that a new telescope should be procured from Brown, one of the first makers at home. Importations of Foreign Wines.—A recent publication by the English Board of Trade includes the following information During the year 1S64 more than 2, COO houses of business in London paid duty on imported wines, the three following firms being the largest importers:—W. A. Gilbey, 2S2.610 gallons; Martinez & Co., 190,261 gallons; Sandeman & Co.; 149,323 gallons. The aggregate importation of 1864 was more than a million of gallons in excess of the aggregate in 1863. The Weather.—Notwithstanding Lieutenant Saxby's predictions, Sunday and Monday were two of the hottest days we have bad this season. Out of doors the beat was very oppressive, and indoors it was very little better. The thermometer was higher during those days within doors than it has been during the last two months. On Tuesday the weather, though still very close was somewhat cosier, and showed signs of an approaching change. On Monday evening the reflection of apparently a large bush fire in the ea-tern hills was observable in town. Bush fires in the colony this year have happily not been nearly so numerous or destructive as in past years. In this respect South Australia has beeu more fortunate than the neighbouring colony of Victoria. Local Court.—In consequence of the absence, through illness, of Mr. J. W. Macdonald, S.M., the proceedings at the Local Court (Limited Juris, diction, Civil), on Wednesday, March 29, were not commenced at the usual time. However, at about half-past 11, the sendees of Messrs. J. Hart, J.P., T. Giles, J.P., and Inspector Hamilton, J.P., were obtained, ana the business on the cause- list dis posed of. VOLBKTEEB COCRT OF EKQUIRT.—A Court Of Enquiry, consisting of Lieutenant- Colonel Mayo, Captain Blaekliam, and Captain Quin, was held oil Wednesday morning, at the Volunteer Staff Office, to investigate a complaint brought by Sergeant Firnliaber, of the Adelaide Artillery, against Lieutenant Mathews, of the same com pany. It appeared from the statements of Sergeant Firnliaber and his witnesses that on the 21st November the company went to Glenelg for bail practice, and on returning Sergeant Firnliaber, who had charge of the gun, was unable to restrain the horses from travelling at a less speed than something like eight or nine miles an hour. On arriving at the parade-ground Lieutenant Mathews charged him with having galloped the horses, to which he replied, "Such is not the truth;" where upon Lieutenant Mathews pushed him aside, and afterwards when forming rank the Lieutenant said he was satisfied with the conduct of all the company, except that of Sergeant Firnliaber, which was most disgraceful. TT-s complaint, thererore, was that he had been charged before the company with disgraceful conduct without cause. Lieutenant Mathews admitted the facts to have been iu the main as stated by Sergeant Fimhaber, except that the words used by the latter were not "Such is not the truth," but "It is a lie;" aud it was in reference to this reply, addressed to a superior officer, that he felt it to be liis duty to characterize Sergeant Firnliaber"s conduct as dis graceful. The Court, having been appointed by the Hon. the Chief Secretary, will report to him the result of their investigation. Cur Gardening.—The ad vantages possessed by oar resident citizens in having generally vacant spaces attached to their premises, as well as an ample supply of water, have not been improved as they might easily have been in the cultivation of useful and ornamental cottage gardens. A variety of flowers, fruits, and vegetables could be grown in a comparatively small garden, and the waste water, too often allowed to stagnate on the pre mises, or until evaporated on some neighbouring low ground, might be turned to a very profitable use as a fertilizer. Sight-refreshing green is as grateful to the eye of the illiterate as the learned man; and fruit or vegetables, fresh and fragrant from one's own garden, are luxuries that need not and ought not to be limited to the wealthy. A keen appreciation of beautiful colours or delicate odours can be attained by the exercise of two veiy common senses; and it is to be regretted that it does not su persede more costly and exciting, but less pure and profitable recreations. There are in the grounds surrounding the mansion of Mr. C. S. Hare fig trees only four years old that cover each a rod of ground, and bear large and continuous crops of the most luscious fruit. In the same garden there are orange and lemon trees of the same age in bearing; the vines vie in luxuriance of growth and quality and weight of fruit with any that we have seen elsewhere, and the same may be said of a variety of other fruit-trees. This, of course, is & gentleman's garden, the proprietor having not only taste and skill, but the means and disposition to incur any expense necessary to give effect to his judgment or to gratify his fancy. We are assured, however, by Mr. Hare that any industrious labourer can produce as great or greater results by means within every working man's command. The great secrets of the growth and productiveness of his fruit-trees are to be found in trenching and irrigation. Mr. Hare's garden was originally poor soil, impregnated in places with saline deposits inimical to vegetation. That land was trenched to a depth of four feet and well manured. With regard to irrigation, Mr. Hare says that he finds 10 gallons of water applied regularly every three weeks sufficient for an orange-tree or any plant of an equally thirsty character. Of course a smaller supply, such as nearly every household furnishes, would answer the purposes of a city cottage garden. Saxitart.—The city scavenging appears to be greatly neglected. In several places the water, tables contain large quantities of drift rubbish Of a very offensive nature; and in other places, where foul water is allowed to remain, exhalations dan gerous to the public health are constantly poisoning the surrounding atmosphere. There is an officer specially appointed to look after and report on such matters; but bis instructions must be like some of our South Australian Statutes—too vague to admit of application; or, in his zeal to preserve order in places of public amusement, he neglects his material for his fancied moral duties. Were he to favour Hindmarsh-square with a visit, starting from the corner of Pulteney-street and proceeding to the north- western angle of the square, then pursuing his malodorous progress to the corner of Grenfell-strect, he would find a nuisance which both he and the City Surveyor ought to be heartily ashamed of. Indeed, he might continue his walk on to the Sturt Hotel, and see in the watertable more than enough to suggest matter for a really useful report to the City Council. It is astonishing how patiently the residents in various localities bear the ills they have rather than incur the annoyance of applying to men in power, and having to bear, even when their complaints are favourably received, all the vexation of hope deferred, before anything is done to remedy the evils complained of. Victoria Theatre. — The performance on Monday evening commenced with the laughable farce "A Regular Fix," in which Mr. Greville was in his glory, and kept the house in a roar from the rising until the fail of the curtain. He was very well supported by the other members of the com* pany, who played the parts allotted to them with great spirit. Nothing but good acting could have made the little piece tolerable, so eager was the expectancy to see the national drama "Jessie Brown." This piece was played here during the engagement of Mr. and Mrs. Heir, but it was not then placed upon the stage with such beautiful scenery, nor were the characters generally so well represented as upon the present occasion. Mr Burford's clerical warrior was a fine piece of playing, his make-up was admirable, and his alternations from the sober inculcator of virtue to the valour - inspiring veteran were most amusing and effective. Miss Edith Mitchell as Mrs. Campbell was in ordinary circumstances kind, affectionate, and considerate; but when struggling against the terror of a terrible death, and recoiling with nearly equal horror from suicide and dishonour, the English, lady's style was as elevated as that of "the noblest Roman of them alL" Mrs. Greville played Jessie Brown, "a bonnie Scotch lass" with two strings to her bow, very pleasingly; and, although exception might be taken to her dialect! the sweetness with which she warbled snatches of Caledonian melody was of itself sufficient to disarm criticism as it was t o bring down the rapturous plaudits of a crowded house. The comic business fell to the lot ef Messrs. Greville and Maccowan (Jessie's sweet hearts), aud they were exceedingly humorous without being extravagant. The scenery, as we have stated, has been painted expressly for the piece. In the first act a mosque, with its cupolas and minarets, formed a very pleasing picture. The ramparts in the third act were capitally arranged; but the famine-stricken group of terror-worn women and children, and the famished but unflinching soldiery, wrested the at. tention of spectators from mere scenic beauties to the painfully truthful representation of the dread incidents of the siege of Lucknow. The generous determination of the military to share their last ration with the women and children brought down a hearty tound of applause; and when Jessie, re covering her senses, declares that she heats the slogan of the Highlanders approaching to relieve the beleagured fortress, a pin falling could have been beard, so breathless and absorbed was the attention of tlie audience. The cannonading and shelling were astonishingly well managed, and when the reverend warrior waved in triumph the Union Jack over the rescued garrison, the old house rung with an outburst of hearty English feeling, which proved the correctness of calling "Jessie Brown" a national drama. Fix Kiss Vale.—A correspondent informs us that " on Friday, March 17, a lecture was delivered at Finniss Vale by Mr. Nosworthy, in reply to Mr. E. J. Catlow's lecture, ' Teetotalism and Temperance Compared.' The chair was taken by Mr. Christmas, and the lecture was listened to by a respectable company." Splendid Bunches of Grapes.—We had brought to our office yesterday two magnificent buHches of dark grapes grown against a wall in Pirie-street, by Mr. Logan, bootmaker. One bunch weighed seven pounds, and the other up wards of six, and together they formed quite a picture. It is evident that, with care, very fine grapes may be grown in the city. Adelaide Horses in India.—We are indebted to Mr. Kobert Lowe, who has but recently returned from Calcutta, for a few particulars respecting the state of the market there for Adelaide horses. The Art Union sailed October IS, and made a passage of 64 days. There were about 50 horses on board, principally of the racing class. He states that the market was lather glutted just then, and that the horses most in request were of the kind taken there—light racers and hacks. Gipsy, who will be remembered as having won a race at Thebarton. realized £50; Mazeppa, £140; Bushman, £160; and Sheaoak, £70. The remainder were sold at prices varying from £60 to £80. Jolly Millers.—A Victorian paper says:— " Messrs. Degraves & Co. have set an example worths' of ah praise in connection with the late bush fires, as appears from the following adver tisement in the local papers:—"Notice.—Those farmers who have lost so severely by the late fires being indebted to us are requested to call and obtain receipted accounts. W. Degraves &Co.;, Campaspe andMontnellier Mills, March 10, IS65.'" Melbourne Law Library.—From a state ment read in the Melbourne Supreme Court by the Chief Justice on the first day of Easter TermfMatch 21) with reference to the Law Library Fund, it appears that there was a balance from Term of £477 ISs.; receipts since, £341 5s.; total, £813 3s. Id. The expenditure was £126, leaving a balance of £603 3s. Id., which was subject to the payment of outstanding liabilities. The number of books in the library was 8,097, including 403 volumes of the proceedings of the House of Lords, which had been transmitted by Lord Bedesdale; 516 volumes were in the Circuit Courts; and 117 new books, ordered from Mr. Bobertson, might be expected. Penny Savings Bank.—We understand the receipts of this Institution last week amounted to £15 in 141 deposits, and the repayments to £4 18s. 3d. 