FLAX GROWING IN IRELAND. I (From the Times' Dublin Correspondent.) The annual meeting of the Munster Flax Improvement Society was held in the Corn Exchange, Cork, at the latter end of December. The Earl of Bandon presided, and delivered a lengthened speech, containing much valuable information relating to the cultivation of flax. He quoted the following from an Ulster gentleman : " I have it on the best authority that the machine makers of Belfast and Leeds have now orders on hand for 200,000 spindles of flax machinery, all for low numbers of yarn, which they are bound to finish by June next. If this additional machinery come into operation, it will require 15,000 to 20,000 tons of additional flax to keep it employed. Our total consump- tion would then be nearly 170 000 tons per annum. I have no doubt but that our price this year will average £70 a ton at least. At this price our crop is worth four and a half millions sterling. This ought surely to be an inducement for other parts of the empire to imitate Ulster and do likewise. It is a shame that the farmers of the poorest you should do more good to our home trade than all their brethren. As for the exhaustion of the soil by it, all crops are exhausters of the soil if grown for the purpose of producing and ripening seed, and so would flax be if the production of seed was the object in view. But it is absolutely necessary, if fine fibre is to be produced, that flax must be pulled before the seed is ripe, and agricultural chemists and farmers of practical experience will both concur in this, that flax grown for the fibre does not exhaust the soil comparatively with the reputation which it has for so doing." Colonel Beamish read a report, from which the following are extracts : " The termination of the fifth year of operation of the Munster Flax Improvement Society presents itself with stronger indications of progress, encouragement, and success than any period which has elapsed since the formation of the society. In addition to the greater increased quantity of land under the flax crop, the establishment of a weekly market at the Cork Com Exchange (liberally granted by the trustees), the opening of a country market at Ballineen, and the increase of scotch mills throughout the province, the practical and important step has been taken of the formation of a company for the spinning and weaving of flax, set on foot by the energy and ability of the Mayor of Cork, in the immediate neighbourhood of the city. Already the buildings are in a state of great forwardness, and there is every prospect of the works being completed early in the ensuing spring; meantime scotched flax and flax straw are readily purchased at full value by the enterprising proprietors of the Douglas Factory, Messrs. Wallis and Pollock, who have exhibited the most laudable desire to forward the interests of the society and support the movement. Messrs. Furlong, Smyth, Thorley, and Rice are also extensive purchasers. According to the statement of the Registrar General, published in September last, an increase in the number of acres of land under flax has taken place in every province in Ireland in the present year, the details of which are thus given Ulster, 70,925 ; Munster, 5438 ; Leinster, 5288; Connaught, 6113. Of the increase in Munster, Cork shows 2276 acres, or about one-half and the total increase in Ireland is given at 87,843 acres, showing a general total of 301,860 acres. The growth of flax in Ireland has, therefore, nearly doubled within the last two years, and yet the demand is by no means met and the northern manufacturers are prepared to work up a much greater quantity of material than even this vast increase represents. There can be no doubt, then, that the south of Ireland would find ample employment for the disposal of its produce, and that at a price far more re- munerative than any corn crop. Many small and in- experienced farmers have, no doubt, been disappointed at the low price offered for their flax straw in the Cork market, as well as at the Millfield and Douglas factories ; but this is in a great measure caused by their own neglect and perversity in not following the directions of the practical instructors and perhaps no better correction could be applied to this evil than the reduced value of their crops, from insufficient steeping and careless after treatment." Criminal Statistics on Iheiand.-Dr. Hancock has lately favoured the public with a report, or blue book, on the Criminal Statistics of Ireland for 1863. There is a great deal in this report of a very curious character, especially in that part of it which institutes a comparison between the Criminal Statistics of England and Ireland. We were disposed at first view, to conclude that there would be little difficulty, with such tables before us, in deciding on the criminality and moral degradation, which fairly attaches to each nation ; but when We came to balance the accounts of various kinds of crime, we found ourselves as much perplexed in coming to an honest finding, as we should be after examining the phrenological bumps on the heads of John Bull and Patrick O'Brien. For example, we find on the head of Patrick O'Brien a remarkable development of combativeness, and on the cranium of John Bull as great a development of rough and rude selftvill; but both of these prominent bumps are surrounded by such a number of compensating, or counteracting organs, or influences, that it is difficult to pronounce on the real character of either of these national types. We shall lay the facts or statistics before the reader, and let him decide for himself. We find from Dr. Hancock's report that the criminal classes in England are 1 to 159 of the population, and in Ireland, 1 to 260 of the population. This is a great difference, and apparently to the advantage of Ireland. But it must he borne in mind that the year 1863 is the first year for collecting these statistics in Ireland, that they had to be collected retrospectively, and that the persons giving them had no idea that they would have been called on for the information. As a set off against the impression which the figures quoted are calculated to produce respecting English criminality, it must be remembered that criminals con- gregate in large towns, with which England abounds, and that large towns are few and far between in Ireland and again that the criminal classes in Dublin 1 are as 1 to 137 inhabitants, and in London, 1 to 243 inhabitants. On the other hand, we find that the annual income of England, every penny of which is achievable, or assailable, in some shape or other, is fourteen times as great as that of Ireland, the annual income of England being over £300,000,000, and that of Ireland under £23,000,000 : hence the facilities and temptations for stealing are far greater in England than in Ireland. It is curious, under these circumstances, to find that the receivers of stolen goods in Ireland are more numerous, in an equal amount of population, than in England. But it may, on the other hand, be mentioned, as a set-off in favour of Ireland against the larger amount of the able property in England, that there is less employment and more poverty in Ireland than in England, and, as a natural result, a greater amount of vagrants and tramps. We find that young vagrants are especially in excess in Ireland, being 3399 to 1975 in England. But here, again, there are but few factories in Ireland, and therefore but little employment for women and children. It will take many by surprise to learn that, while the criminal classes in Ireland are but 1 to 260 of the population, and England 1 to 159, that crimes in Ireland are more numerous in proportion to the population ; but it is only fair to state that the majority of Irish offences are not of a serious character. More than 60,000 of these offences were for drunkenness ; not that we think that drunkenness is seriously on the increase in Ireland-on the contrary, the high duty on whisky has had the effect of decreasing it-but in Ireland a drunken man is not allowed to stagger and reel about the streets as he is in England, to the great annoyance, and not unfrequently danger, of sober and respectable persons. In Ireland the police would march those brutes off to the first lock- up house, and bring them the next morning before the magistrate, who would be to sure to fine them five shillings. These marchings off by the police, looking, up for the night, and lines of five shillings in the morning, have had a very salutary effect in keeping the public streets free of this abominable nuisance. Ireland has some advantage over England in the suppression as well as apprehension of crime, by possess- ing, for its population, a larger police force. Accord- ing to the census of 1861, the whole of the Irish police force, including officers as well as men, amounted to 13,89 that is, about 1 policeman to 417 of the population. The population, however, has decreased considerably since 1861. But this force is very unevenly distributed through the country, to meet the need of each locality. Special honour, for example, is paid to the boys of Tipperary," where there are 558 police, to watch over the interests of 109,222 inhabitants that is, 1 to 195 of the population ; whereas, in the county of Londonderry, this force is but 1 to 1000 of the population. The total expense of the whole Irish police force is £780,111 12s. 4d. Of this sum, the constabulary establishment costs £6-58,830 16s. 9d., the Dublin Metropolitan, £77,553 10s. 1d., and the local force, £16,727 5s. 9d. We learn from Dr. Hancock that "the total cost of the police, per head of the population, is 2s. 8d., of which the contribution per head out of the local taxes is but 23d., and out of the general taxes 2s. 5d." in England and Wales, the cost of the police b is. 7d. per head of the population. Of this sum, is. 3d. is raised by local taxation. In this respect Ireland has the advantage of England. Although much the poorer country, it is far better guarded against thieves and robbers, and at a much smaller cost to itself London Review. The House of Silence The Dumfries Herald is responsible for the following story, almost too good to be true We have many famous stones in the world principally to be noticed the Stone of Honour and the Blarney Stone. But we doubt if many of our readers ever heard of the Stone of Silence in the Island of Arran. Its discovery happened in this way. An English tourist being recently doing ' Scotland, was ambitious to tell his friends on going home that he had scaled Goatfell without a guide- Against this mad project a ' pawky' western Colt, who is wont to get his sneezing' money out of adventurous visitors, earnestly sought to dissuade him for obvious reasons. All his arguments, however, failed, till he convinced the stranger of the utter impossibility of one unacquainted with the locality finding out for himself the really remarkable objects in it. For instance, said he, in his broken English, which it would be vain for us to endeavour to imitate:-' For instance' (a happy thought suggesting itself on the spur of the moment, there is a stone, and the strange thing connected with it is that if any one stands upon it, he can hear no sound, however loud.' ' Indeed,' said the Cockney. ' Try her,' said the Highlander and Islander. Upon this, the hero of Richmond Hill mounted the boulder, and Donald put his mouth into all the grotesque shapes which an enunciation of Gaelic gutturals requires and presupposes slyly, at the same time, never sounding a note. The Cockney, supposing he was calling loudly, vowed he could not hear a whisper. Still, not quite satisfied with the experiment, he asked Donald to change places with him, which Donald gravely did. Forthwith the man of steaks and potter began to shout, till the rocks and sides re- verberated. Donald stood mute as a statue. Again the Londoner called, but no apparent symptom of auditory susceptibility rose on the stolid features of the imperturbable felt. Most astonishing,' said the Cockney and forthwith taking out his portfolio, he entered the occurrence as not only the most extraordinary that had come under his notice in his ' travels,' but as also quite confirmatory of the remark of Donald how necessary it was always to have a ' guide in survey- ing Arran. The echo of Killarney, which the Irish- man said was so good that if you asked it a question, How are you to-day?' it would answer, Pretty well, I thank you, is not more wonderful than this Stone of Silence in our own renowned Island of the West and it shows an equal faculty at least in the inhabitants of the latter for gratifying to the very top of their bent simple-minded and credulous travellers. The delight with which Donald recounted the triumph of his ready wit can only be understood by those who know his fondness for ready money and snuff " i A Word on Wigs.-" The invention of periwigs," writes an old author, is of so great use, and saves men so much trouble, that it can never be laid aside. It helps to disguise the thief, to make an ill face tolerable, the tolerable handsome, to ease the lazy of trouble, and to make men their vassals if women would but wear them." Time has negatived these authoritative opinions. The reader does not need to be informed that periwigs have been long since dispensed with, swept away to the limbo of obsolete and worn-out fashions. Here smithereens is true, a peruke still survives, as a sort of specimen of a race hastening to extinction, as a ghost of a glory departed for ever. The man of fashion laughs it to scorn, the doctor knows it not, the divine shrinks from it. The most conservative of bishops now-a-days would no more dream of crowning his poll with a "bushy" I than of donning a wreath of roses. On the bench and at the bar the wig still prevails, however ; lawyers so love and cling to precedent ; the Court will give no audiences ; justice is deaf as well as blind to the counsellor without his wig. In the legal tribunals, its last stronghold, the wig rules with severity small States are ever the most despotic on the bench and at the bar, yes, and on the coach box for unaccount- able fact, coachmen of distinction still wear wigs in this unexpected place outside the carriage the wig still governs, as one sometimes sees a Power possessing small plots of territory inconveniently situate in the very midst of a neighbour's and. Once a Week. The Akt or doing the Davenport Thickett. M. H. Bernard, in a letter to the Daily News, in reply to Dr. Nicholas, gives the following solution of the Davenport rope being mystery : " The secret principally consists in the knot by which the hands of the operators are secured. This knot in its best form is a double slip knot, through which the hands are passed, and the ends drawn as tight as required by a kind of monkey-like process, which process the Davenports certainly deserve the credit of inventing. And here I must attempt the difficult task of describ- ing to the uninitiated the formation of this knot. The method of using it will be sufficiently obvious. The rope should be of a firm smooth quality, about five or six yards long. Take it by the left hand in the centre, holding it between the left thumb and fore-finger perpendicularly before you. Take hold with the right hand of the upper end of the rope, about a foot above where you are holding with the left hand ; bring the two thumbs together, placing the portion of rope in the right hand behind the portion already under the left-arm; this will make a loop about four inches diameter, leaning on the left hand side of the first end of the rope, which is still hanging straight before you I then pass the second and over the thumb and through the loop, and pull the end through ; then ' pass the right hand about six inches along the second end, and double it into a loop, and pass the double portion held in the right hand under the portion covering the left thumb, in the direction of the loop already formed in the left hand, letting the second end hang down in the centre by the side of the first end ; null tight the two side portions of the loops, and the knot is complete. You will then have two loops large enough to pass the hands through, and the two long ends which will slip freely to and fro when you hold the knot. If you put one of these loops over your left wrist, and pull the corresponding end with your right hand, you will And you can draw H tight , enough to stop all circulation, if you choose to do so. There are several other knots which may be used, but this one is sufficient for exemplification. To return to the Davenports. When the lights are extinguished, the operator first of all makes the knot, he then passes one of the ends of the rope through each of the holes in the seat, or through the carved back of a chair. He then knots the two ends together, a few inches underneath. This is apparently. to prevent the operator rising from the seat, but it also enables him to get a straight even pull on both loops. He then seats himself, the cords are tied tight round, the ankles, then brought up to the knees, securely fastened round them, and the ends fastened anywhere, it does not matter where, so that they cannot be reached by the mouth. The operator then thrusts his hand into the loops, extends his legs an inch or two, the knot is drawn tight, the lights are called for, and Mr. Davenport is found, not only apparently, but really tightly bound, so much so, that if you were to reverse the position of Mr. Davenport, and suspend him with his head downwards, he could not release himself, even were he to endeavour to do so. But place the gentleman in his normal position, extinguish the lights, and in the twinkling of an eye the legs are relaxed, the loops are slackened, the hands are withdrawn, and Mr. Davenport is free to wave guitars, to play tambourines, to take off his coat, to touch any- body he can reach, to strike objectionable committee men sharply on the head, and, in fact, to do everything that the spiritual agency or the new physical force is supposed to do for him." The House or Commons-A Sketch By half-past bear the House has sacrificed enough to the decent fiction of private legislation. The time for public business has arrived, and the seats begin to fill rapidly. The Ministers arrive to submit themselves to the battery of questions by which their constitutional responsibility is supposed to be carried out. Of late this has been the most exciting period of a House of Commons' sitting. The security of Ministers has depended on the skill with which they have been able to keep their secrets from the Opposition, and the hopes of the Opposition have turned upon the possibility of curing or taunting the Ministers into some incautious revelations of their misdeeds. The portion of public business at half-past four has consequently taken the form of a sharp tournament of question and answer, in which a good deal of ingenuity is sometimes displayed. Each Minister has his own peculiar mode of carrying the thrusts which are pointed at him. Mr. Layard gets angry, and stands upon his dignity, which is undoubtedly the ? worst plan. Mr. Milner Gibson says something wholly beside the question, and at the same time smiles in so bewitching a manner that a questioner who shall attempt to pursue his inquiry would feel himself the most brutal of mankind. Mr. Gladstone plunges into a labyrinth of words, through which his listeners despairingly give up all attempts to follow him and when the torrent stops he leaves them so bewildered and dazed that they are fain to abandon all further questions till their intellects have been tranquillisedby a few minutes' repose. But Lord Palmerston is by far the greatest master of the soil. A keen perception of what the point really is a first determination not to seem to see it and an audacity in making had jokes, and returning impertinent answers, which, often as the exhibition of it has been repeated, seems every time to take the House by surprise as a refreshing novelty all these qualities constitute him the most perfect adept in the use of language upon Tallejiand's principles that the present generation has witnessed. It is a game in which the Opposition very Beldon join Quarterly Review. 