TARIFELS OF WIT AND HUMOR FASHIONABLE TOBACCO STOPPERS- Ladies If a cigar makes a man ill—will a cheroot make a Manila? Failures are with heroic minds the stepping stones to success. When is iron like a band of robbers?—When it's united to eteeL What is the greatest stand ever made for civiliza tion ?—The ink-stand. In July, members will go to the country; their return is very uncertain.— OwL When may a man be said to swallow cause and | effect ?—When he drinks gin and—bitters. A. horse- dealer, describing a used-up horse, said he I looked as if he had been editing a newspaper. j Whtaud Because. —why are cats kept in sporting I gentlemen's stables ? To scratch the racehorses. ! ? Define love. Miss." Miss— " A little sighing, a little crying, a little dying, and a good deal of lying." It ib said that an ingenious Yankee has invented a ' machine with which he intends to transport the Emerald Isle to America. Sir Walter Scott declared that the only men he had ever known who assserted they had seen a ghost had all ended by committing suicide. A dealer in ready-made linen advertises his shirt* and chemises under the mellifluous appellation of " male and female envelopes." Why are birds in spring like a banking esta blishment ?—Because they are promissory notes, and rejoice when the branches are flourishing. " I always eing to please myself" said a timber toned canticulus, humming a tone in company in his usual distressing style. "Then you're not at all difficult to please," remarked a gratified bean. Answered.—" Lassie," said a Cockney tourist in Scotland to a barefooted peasant girl, " do all the people in these parts go barefooted?" "Partof them do, and the test mind their own business." TstnE toa W?tp —A juvenile dandy said to a fair partner at ball, " Don't you think my moostacBois are becoming ?"—To which she replied, " Wei), sir, they may be coming, but they have not yet arrived." A gentleman taking an apartment said to the land lady, " I assure you, madam, I never left a lodging but my landlady shed tears"—She answered, "I hope it was not, Sir, because you went away without paying." An Agricultural Society offered a premium for the best mode of irrigation, which was printed irritation by mistake; whereupon Mr. Candle, an honeBt farmer, strongly recommended Mrs. C. to show her self for the prize. Mr. C. received his reward. When Wakes wbb at the French Court (temp. Louis XV.) Madame Pompadour said to him, " You Englishmen are fine fallows; pray, how far may a man go n his abuse of the Royal Family among you?"—"I do not at present know," replied he drily, •' but I am trying." As Exchange of Compliments.—Two men of fashion, meeting a beautiful lady in a narrow street in. Glasgow, her ear caught the following observa tions : —"I protest, Jack, this place iB as narrow as Balaam's passage" (the lane so- called in Glasgow). " Yes," said his companion, " and like Balaam I'm stopped by an angeL" " And I," retorted the lady, "by the <w*>" A wine merchant once left a suspected assistant in his cellar, and said to him, " Now, lest you should drink the wine while I am away, I will chalk your mouth so that I may know it." He then rubbed his nail across the man's lips, and pretended to leave the mark of chalk on them. The man drank of the wine, and to deceive his master, chalked his mouth, and thus discovered himself. A Luced Explanation.—An Englishman travel ling in the south of Ireland overtook a peasant travelling the same way. " Who lives in that fine house on the hill, Pat?" said the traveller. "One Mr. Cassidy, sir," replied Pat; "but he's dead— God rest his souL" " How long has he been dead ?" asked the gentleman. " Well, yer honor, if he lived till next month, he'd be dead just 12 months." A few days since the writer was invited to a wedding breakfast given by a substantial farmer blessed with five daughters, the eldest being the bride. A neighbor, a young farmer, who waa honored with an invitation, thinking no doubt he should say something smart and complimentary upon the event, addressing the bridegroom, said —" Well, you have got the pick of the basket!" The countenances of the four unmarried ones, as you may imagine, were awfully indignant, and would have made aright good sketch for Punch. A Tbick Defeated.—At a recent election in Aus tralia the naturalized Chinamen voted for the first time. Being thoroughly free from political opinions, thirty- three of them were engaged in one district by one of the candidates at eight shillings a head, and tutored to say "Yes" to every question which might be put to them in the polling-booth. One of the first questions put was, " Have you voted before at this election ?" Answer, n Yes," and forthwith they were unceremoniously bundled out of the booth. A Feench Gmjttoit.—A French officer once laid a wager that a soldier in his regiment would eat a small calf at one sitting. A cordon bleu was instructed to dress the meat in the most alluring variety of ways, and to dress it every bit. The day and hour of trial arrived, the man was placed down to the table, and dish after dish vanished under his all devouring jaws. He was within a course or two of finishing his disgusting feat, when he paused, laid down his knife and fork, and gave his backer a look which made that pentleman tremble for hiB money. But hope returned with the words of the omnivorous grenadier, which were these: " My captain, all this is really very good; bat if I go on eating many more such nice things I shall have no appetite left token it comes to the calf." Art-emits Wabd in Boston.—A letter from Artemus Ward to his "dear Betsy" says: The winder of my room commands a exhileratin view of Copp'e Hill, where Cotton Mather, the father of the Reformers and sich, lies berrid. I went over to Lexington yes'd'y. My booium hove with Bolemn emotions, 'And this,' I said to a man who was drivin' a yoke of oxen, "this is where our revo lutionary forefathers asserted their independence and spilt their Blud? Classic ground!' • Wall,' said the man, 'it's good for white beans and potatous, but as! regards raisin' wheat, tain't worth a .' I re- i turned in the Hosa Can, part way. A pootv girl in spectacles sot near me, and was telling a young man how much he reminded her of a man she used to j know in Waltham. Pooty soon the young man got out, and smilin 1 in a sednctiv' manner, I said to the girl in spectacles, ' Don't I remind you of somebody you used to know ?' ?Yes,' she said, ? you do remind me of one man, but he was sent to the penitentiary for stealing a Bar'l of mackril— he died there, eo I conclood you ain't him.' I didn't puraoo the con versation." Pbovkbm.—Pkmbevkd bt Jorar/A Bnxnres, Esq.— Don't swop with your rela?huns unless you > kin afford to give them the big end of the trade. Marry young, and, if circumstances require it, often. ! If you can't git good cloathesand edication too, git the cloatbes. Say " How are you ?" to everybody. 1 Kultivate modesty, but mind and keep a good stock of impudence on hand. Bee charitable—three-cent j pieces were made on purpose. It costs more to borry than it does to buy. If a man flatters you, you con ! kalkerlate he is a rogue, or you are a fule. Keep , both ixe open, but don't see morn barlf you notis. If you ioh for fame, go into a grave-yard and scratch yourself agin a tume atone. Young man, be more anxus about the pedigree yur going to leave than you are about the wun somebody's going to leave you. Sin is like weeds—eelfsone and sure to cum. Two i lovers, like two armies, generall git along quietly' until they are engaged. 