LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. COURT OF PET'TY SESSIONS. TUESDAY, December 12th, 1865. Before the Police Magistrate and A. Levy, Esq., J.P. FAILING TO OBEY AN ORDER TO PRODUCE A HIDE. THE case against Joseph Sharp, of Yarralumla, ad- journed from last Tuesday, was resumed. There was a discrepancy in the evidence; one witness stat- ing that the hide brought by Sharp to tie the hurdles with was brought on Tuesday and lay in the water a night and day before it was cut up; another deposed that it was not brought down until Wednsday, and lay in the water only a few hours before it was cut into strips; the same witness also stating first that it was a whole hide, and afterwards that it was part of a hide defendant used. It was also proved that Mr Gibbes had sent a hide for the purpose required. The defendant was adjudged guilty of the offence and fined £1. with 5s8d costs. Before the Police Magistrate, W. R. M'Carthy, and J. R. Styles, Esqs. Js.P. ASSAULTING A FEMALE.--James Schofield, on summons, appeared to answer the charge of inde- cently assaulting Ellen Blofield, wife of ---- Blofield, at Mac's Reef, Bywong, on Sunday, the 3rd instant. The details of this case, as recorded in our last issue, were given in evidence by Blofield and his wife. The evidence of the former witness also went to prove the identity of the accused, as the person who had been at his tent and assaulted his wife. On the Monday he saw Schofield and offered to make it all up if he would give him £5. Accused denied all knowledge of the matter to witness, and added, "If I was at your tent I did wrong and am sorry for it." Witness also deposed to finding a man's hat in his tent, which accused upon being shown admitted that he knew; witness also said he had seen the same hat on his (accused's) head on the previous Thursday; he recognised it by a nick in the edge of it. Ac- cused, who was defended by Mr Freestone, was fully committed for trial at the ensuing court of general sessions to be held at Queanbeyan. Bail allowed, himself in £80, and two sureties each in £40. UNLAWFULLY WOUNDING.--The witness Blofield in the previous case now appeared to answer a sum- mons, charging him with unlawfully and maliciously cutting, wounding, and stabbing James Schofield, on Sunday morning, the 3rd instant, at Mac's Reef, Bywong. The accused denied the malice and the stabbing, but admitted the cutting and wounding, in protection of his wife who was being assaulted. The case against Blofield was conducted by Mr Freestone. From the evidence given by the com- plainant it appeared that Schofield was at Robert Jackson's place on the reef until one or two o'clock in the morning of Sunday, when, he says, he went home to his tent and laid down in his trousers to sleep. Knew nothing of the accused, nor whether he lived at the diggings. After falling asleep was awoke by a blow, and thought at first he was shot; ran to Jackson's tent, crying that he was murdered. Witness found that he was wounded in two places on the head and face; the wounds were inflicted as he lay in bed; they bled much. Jackson brought him into Queanbeyan. On Monday accused came to witness' house in Queanbeyan, and in answer to an inquiry he said he cut his head, and said if witness would give him £5 he would say no more about it; witness then gave accused in charge to Sergeant La- timer who refused to take him.--Robert Jackson deposed that on Schofield's coming to his place on Sunday morning and reporting his case, he went over to his tent and there saw two spots of blood on the pillow; heard accused say he wounded Schofield, but the wounding occurred in his own tent; witness replied, "That alters the case." Dr Hayley deposed to the nature of the wounds which in both cases were severe and cut into the hone apparently by an axe or tomahawk; the wounds were not dangerous, but must have bled very freely, and might have been done as Schofield was kneeling or stooping down. In reply the accused made a statement to the effect already published, and said that in proof of his statement blood might be found on leaves, stones, and a white shirt, in his tent--a stone with blood spots he produced from his tent; there were also two cuts in a counterpane there.--Committed for trial at the next Queanbeyan sessions; bail allowed as in former case. REVISION OF JURY LIST.--The following magis- trates met for the revision of the jury list of the district: the P.M., Messrs Hall, Hayley, Levy, and M' Carthy. The following names were struck off, as of persons who had left the district:--W. Bowen, W. Carnell, C. A. Massey, and P. M'Alister; the name of L. F. De Salis, Esq., M.L.A. was omitted in virtue of his office; and the name of W. Hunt was also omitted on plea of infirmity. There were no other alterations. COLLECTOR OF ELECTORAL ROLL.--Mr H. Hall, junior, was appointed by the bench collector of the Electoral Roll for 1866. There were three other applicants. A SLAUGHTERING LICENSE was granted to W. Booth, of Gundaroo. A SILLY AND DANGEROUS PRACTICE. --On the Lanyon road we notice in two or three places that the dried carcases of bullocks have been placed in positions calculated to frighten horses travelling the road. One of these carcases is placed in the attitude of leaping a fence near Woden, and the other at some little distance further on is leaning against a tree on the roadside. Last Monday William Roohan, the Lanyon mail contractor, was thrown from his horse which shied at one of these hideous objects, and Roohan had to come into town on foot. The police ought to see to the removal of these offences. MAC's REEF, BYWONG.--Under date Dec, 9th, our correspondent writing from the above reef, says,-- There is increased confidence this week in the ulti- mate success of this reef, in consequence of the new line laid down by Mr Surveyor Thompson. Claim, No. 18 north has struck a small leader about three inches in width; the quartz shows some gold. Business very dull. The need of police is much felt here at night time; as the fashion of throwing stones grows dangerous especially on crowded houses covered with tarpaulins or calico. A petition has been sent to the govermment for the establishment of a post office here, and Mr Alexander Dyce is recommended as postmaster." The prospector's claim is still yielding some very good stuff, and some of the other claims are getting encouraging specimens. There is great delay in getting a crushing machine, although it is generally considered that such an in- vestment would be a safe speculation. In our advertising columns one is offered for sale at low figure, which may be an inducement to purchase. We are in- formed that this machine is quite new and in perfect order, having only crushed one hundred tons of stone, and is within easy access of the reef, being now only seventy miles distant from Queanbeyan. --Our cor- respondent, under date of December 12th, writes :-- Many claims have changed hands, some by selling half shares, and others in the simple and cheap way of jumping. There must exist great confidence in the sureness of this reef, if people, as speculators, buy half working shares, pay a certain price, and have to bear all expenses of the working of the full share in every shape and form, i.e., employ a man to work the claim, supply tools and other requisites and when gold is struck, pay crushing and carting, sup- ply all labour and costs, and divide the proceeds equally with the "sleeping" shareholders. Even on the rich Lachlan leads working shares were never sought for. The north claims are in high hopes, and the stone at the prospectors' still continue to look encouraging. No. 1 and 2 north have likewise good prospects. Along the whole line north and south hands commence to settle down to work in earnest, and a few weeks will now test the character of the place. I believe a crushing machine will commence to work here in about five weeks. HARVEST PROSPECTS.--Although this district seems to suffer as severely as any portion of the country through the prevailing drought, we under- stand that in many cases there will be partial crops, although the straw is so short that the crops will have to be pulled instead of reaped. Our exchanges from all parts of the colony speak hopefully of the harvest--crops, half-crops, and enough for home consumption being the general report. With these prospects and large shipments of flour from foreign ports, the flour market will go down. THE MAIL FROM QUEANBEYAN TO GOULDURN, VIA GUNDAROO.--Mr Patrick Dooley, who obtained the contract for the above mail for 1866, having declined to carry it out, it has been given to Mr Robert Elliott, the contractor for the mail from Queanbeyan to Cooma.--Goulburn Argus. The Supreme Court have reversed the decision in the celebrated race horse stealing case, which origin- ated at Maitland--and ordered the immediate dis- charge of the prisoners--Mrs Dickson and Cun- ingham. A horrible occurrence is reported on the Ana branch of the Murray. A man and his wife and five chil- dren started for the Darling to find employment, and missed the road, and when found by a traveller the five children were dead, and the man and woman ap- parently on the point of death, having been without water five days. Both have recovered. Mrs Fagan, Miss Margaret Fagan, and Miss Gil- ligan died at Gosford, Brisbane Water, on Wednes- day, from the effects of strychnine taken accidentally in some sherry. Mr and Mrs Fagan narrowly es- caped the same death. A MIDNIGHT STEAM-RIDE.--William Steevens, a cleaner of engines in the Bristol and Exeter Railway, was brought before the Taunton Police-court for involving the mail train in a perilous situation. His duty was to clean an engine called the Busy Bee every evening after the work of the day, and at half past three on the following morning to light the fire so that steam could be got up by six o'clock, and the labours of another day commenced. On no account was he to meddle with the machinery or attempt to move the train, the driver laying on the fire and filling the boiler with a sufficient quantity of water. The cleaner, however, took a singular freak into his head, and determined to have a midnight ride if possible. Accordingly about midnight he lighted the fire of the engine, got up the steam, and started the engine, he being the only passenger. Up and down the line he tore for two mortal hours, and not exactly knowing how to compress the steam it blew off in all directions, shrieking fearfully, and alarm- ing the inhabtitants living near the line of railway. The watchman on one of the bridges was sorely af- frighted at seeing an engine tearing madly along, backwards and forwards, with a solitary white face upon it, and he came to the conclusion, in the dark ness of the night, that either a ghost, or the Evil One himself, had obtained a mastery over it. In one of his excursions Steevens was about to enter the main line of the Bristol and Exeter Railway, but he fortunately heard the noise of the approach of a night mail from London. A minute or two later and the consequence would have been fearful to contemplate. At length, tired of his ride, he took the Busy Bee back to the station, and lay down by the side of it to await the arrival of the driver. At half-past four the driver reached the scene, but when about 100 yards from it the engine blew up with a fearful ex- plosion, the cleaner having neglected to put more water in the boiler. The most remarkable part of the story remains to be told. The cleaner, though close to the engine, was uninjured, owing to lying down. He certainly was frightened, the driver as- serting that when he came up to him his hair stood on end, "like quills upon a fretful porcupine." For this freak he was sentenced to a month's imprison- ment, with hard labour. 