PROTECTION AND THE PRICE OF GOLD. SIB,-The question of free trade versus protection is put very prominently before the people of this town and district at present in the weekly discus sions at the Mechanics' Institute, where it has been more or less intelligently debated under a variety of aspects of great importance to miners and all inter ested in mining enterprises. But, in my humble opinion the following view of the matter must come home more lorcibly to the minds of working men than any yet advanced. I beg leave to enquire, how far and to what extent is the price of gold affected by exchange operations? It is too well known that a considerable decline in the price of gold occurred during the past month, and wby? simply because the banks, who are the principal buyers, bad no im mediate use for tho precious metal. It was thought by many persons that gold would have ascended to its wonted price on tho departure of the mail. This impression bad been come to on the supposition that the bankB would require gold to be remitted to London to meet the demands that are sure to be made at the Lon don agencies. The price, however, instead of ex hibiting an upward tendency is really still receding, and such persons aB had occasion to send money home to friends or fot goods, paid a half per cent, or even one per cent. ICSB than-thoy would have done, had gold been selling at the high price. It is plain that when gold fetches a high price the rate of ex change on London is high in like proportion. In the even', of a protective policy being successfully camea into operation, what effect will that have upon the price of gold ? It is admitted by even " mild protection orators" that a tariff such as the M'Culloch one will drive away imports. Products which C3n be grown here will be scared to some other shore, and articles that can be manufactured by our skilled mechanics not permitted to come into competition with the colonial product. Very well, if men cease to order shipments from the old coun try there will be no occasion for sending money home to pay for these commodities. The banks, again, will not be called upon to issue drafts, the remittances home will be so small that the present pretty active demand for gold will cease, and I am at a loss to know how the price of gold can be main tained in the event of the supply exceeding the demand. All men having any knowledge of business will at once soe the truth of this; indeed I am sure the most bigoted protectionist will admit that the price of our staple produce is very largely governed by exchange. The fall in gold already tells most in juriously on even our best payiDg mines; how detri mentally will it operato in the event of a still further decline, and should the price of gold recede to £3 15s or so, a large number of our mines would cease working, or else the wages of the working miner must suffer. I hope I have put the matter plain enough before your readers. It were well our miners and indeed the whole body of our working men looked into the question in this aspect. A protective policy will most certainly operate as stated; and wby should we by means of bad legislation hasten the reduction of wages? Protection will not benefit the working miner nor will it add one farthing to the dividends of shareholders; it will, howerer, injure the miner whether he works in a mine or receives his fort nightly dividend, and in proportion the miner's wages are reduced BO will the wages of all our working men suffer. It is surely too true that wages are coming down much too rapidly already. Protection will vastly accelerats that downward motion. eohn*e nothing to do with the evil demon. -I am. sir, I Yours, &c.; D. 26 Eh September. . A GHOST STOBT.-We take the following " au thentic ghost story" from the Cattltmaine Daily Ntum -" As the Victorian colonies increase in age, so do the authentic glimpses at the night side of nature multiply. Besides the ever- working woodman at Seven Mile Creek, near Mount Korong, there is a headless trooper, who ridea by night somewhere in Riverina. However, this district ia not to be without its own peculiar ghost, for the apparition was seen by a most respectable burgess, and he alleges that it took the form of a headless woman. Bis encounter with the decapitated visitant from another world happened a few evenings ago in a right-of-way in one of the most populous parts of the town, just in the " witching hour of night, when churchyards yawn," i.e.-with all due deference to the immortal Shakespeare-if churchyards ever do indulge in that relief to the weary. The aforesaid burgees was returning from a chess party, revolving several problems in his mind, when he was startled beyond the power of thought or speech by the sudden ap pearance o( the 'sheeted dead,"-the headless woman before mentioned. He had full time to notice the outline of lorm-which, by-the-bye, was that of a very fine woman-for the figure remained perfectly motionless, and when he had recovered from the first alarm he essayed to approach the apparition. After one or two ineffectual attempts -for every time he put out his hand to touch the Btill ghost, ho felt all his courage, like Bob Acre's, run out of his finger ends. He at last succeeded, when, to his unmitigated horror, he perceived a slightly tremulous motion pervade the frame, and felt that it was composed solely of bones-a perfect skeleton. Apart from the terror inspired by this discovery, the gentleman had no desire to study osteology under such circumstances, and inconti nently fled to toss and tumble about in his bed till daylight. Being then convinced that his senses had not played him false, he aroso and -went forth to the place of his adventure, being determined to ascertain, if possible, whether it had not, at some remote time, been the scene of some horrible tra gedy. Imagine his surprise whan he saw the ghostly visitant still in the same place and atti. tude 1 Daylight imparting courage, he approached for a close inspection, when he found-a draper's dummy ! After this discovery he did not think it advisable to institute further enquiry as to the supposititious murder that might have taken place. 