CURRENT TOPICS. We need hardly remind our readers that Mr Meakin's concluding entertain ment for the season, in aid of the funds of the Hospital, will take place this even ing in the hall of the Mechanics'Institute. By the kindness of a large number of ladies and gentlemen, Mr Mcakiu has been able to put forth a most attractive programme. "We trust a crowded house will reward the exertions of our generous local amateurs in aid of a cause with which all must sympathise. At the meeting of the Geelong Football Club, "at the Argyle Hotel, held last even ing, a letter from Mr Harrison, as the representative of the athletes of Mel bourne, was read by Mr Middlemiss, who was selected chairman for the occasion. The portion of the letter most (demand ing attention, was a challenge from the " picked one3 " of the metropolis, "to play a game of football in Melbourne, on the ! Queen's Birthday, for the Cup won in j three successive struggles by the Geelong Football Club, viz, from the " Melbourne "University Club," "The Melbourne Club," and the "South Tarra Club." As an inducement to imperil this j well won trophy, which according ! to sporting precedent ought to be acknowledged as the property and l pride of the Geelong Footballers; teu ' guineas are offered to our players to de j fray tbeir railway expenses to Melbourne, j besides which a lunch is proffered to them. Itwas maintained that the "cup" | was the " bona fide" property of the club, | won by dint of skill and pluck, and it was resolved that the trophy should not : be imperilled. iNcxt it was moved that a friendly match should be played on Mel bourne ground on the 24th of May, and that the ten guineas offered should be expended in a trophy, instead of being applied to the expenses of the Geelong players.' Suggestions were; made to the effect that if the gentlemen of the Mel j bourneClub would venture in thelists with a similar stake awaiting the issue, that the Geelong Club would abate the honor they had won, in favor of their antagonists. The funds in the hands of the treasurer were ordered to be expended in the pur chase of new balls. The annual general meeting of the club will be held at the Argyle, on Tuesday next, at 7.30 p.m. "Wo have been given to understand that the postal arrangements with regard to Sardinia are inadequate to the require ments of the inhabitants, the mail only being delivered there three days a-week —viz., Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Satur days. Belmont has its daily mail, and we see no reason why Kardinia, with' its two hundred inhabitants, should not have the same. One gentleman informs us that a letter of great importance, posted on the 12th inst, was received by him on the 2Gth. lie states that the document was carried on to the Ceres Post-office, Wo trust that our Postmaster will look iuto the matter. The only case disposed of at the Court of Petty Sessions at Mount Moriac, yes terday, was one for a debt, viz, Macbeth v. Tussell, for the sum of Ll 15s. The bench returned a' verdict for the full amount and no costs. After the business of the court had been disposed of, the magistrates held a private meeting, when | it vraa decided that from the 1st of jtfay j untilLthe 1st ..of November the cnnrt should meet at two .o'clock: instead of SHUa®"**1-**' \- ?h° Circuit Court will sit in its n;~;i jurisdiction to-dav. There are r,„i,7 t causes for trial-Oddy y Wn™ly w? Cummins vOsborna M Caaa™d _ At the Central Police Court vesterd™ tanSd."™" ™ "» «»5 There was nothing done at the New mo™ CklWe11 Polic° Court yesterday" rvWa-,C'Plnot allow the sittings of' Circuit Court to pass over witW re fernug in terms of well-deserved to the successful exertions of Detective Bailey m apprehending and prosccS to conviction the men fWnil sa ■ n8 »d M'Alljato for™ JfiJ of°a"SS th^eaa ' iu December last. Whilst Hie* rta]Wltd°Ut 1.tr)Pr°P»e^ that but for loei- il •i?nd a^ity displayed by De. tective Bailey, the prisoners would In n? deserts. ^ Uever met witb their finter85,00 wbose dut5es 8re not yet nnisued, has been engaged in an enmorr respecting the management of the Jaiz and certain complaints and countcr-coni head of lethrred ^ Subordi,lates »t>d Geelong! PflS0Q establishment of I . 4- ■ bivalve, of size and shane strange, is in possession of Mr HiscocF of Moorabool-street. It was fmnd at hiat Island, and unfortunately in tl,» broken ToT/T the 'JPper sbc!I broken. To the lovers of natural historv zzz&stess;?'-»»& reacts? & sr sulcrably in excess of tbe estimated en T averaging about LSOO; the nhlsw' been forwarded back to M,f n- 0 Architect, Melbourne, with a v/cw^i'1 have some slight alterations made in the enrichmen ts, so as to lessen the cost We believe that the estimated cost w™ between L400 and L500. Wesincerefo hope no time will be lest in commcS hdvnn°?the price of stock, which has naturally led to a rise in the nrice of meat, beyond the drought of the Reason as a general cause, ha!, in a sccmZv wgrer' pe-on 0,vit,g to the demands' of j Woods Point on the Gipps Land sunnlv Prices on stations in Ginm r->,;i * I been higher than the-S I lastthS0alefeiH0Urne ^ougli at tho , commanded L9C10sCpcr head!**3 buI'ocks The supply of wild fowl yesterday was S°eSKctC' I? bCy°nd V? ^ud7ol uie market. Large quantities were dis j Patched to Melbourne and the interior by the mid-day trams. Fish from the C iff was ample in quantity, and of fine quality. Anglers will be giad to hear that there is" now good fish iu the Bay, and as tho water is generally placid, good snort mw be commanded with rod and line with hl-p m °f a greater vatiety of I and creeks " PreSeUted * tbe Them "^lbl0l!rne ®orrc3Pondeut writes night. The prime mover fs JIr%^°tel to" of the soft goods firm. It has al aTn^ been understood that the Free Trade mo ment means nothing more or Jess than i combination for the conservation rfH nnerests of tho soft goods men, but if Mr Stevenson or any of the fraternity think to make converts over a dinner table £ appeal to tue svrapatlilea of Vntritai through a full bellv f 13limen «»» P»«b Utt h. c,„ affordSSS In the City Policc-court, Melbourne, John Macdonald was charged with pass ing cheques purporting to be signed by the Minister o£ Mines and Mr Brough Sniytb. Ho bad passed a cheque for L20. He was at one time in the Government service. Ho was committed for trial. A trial was made at the quarries, Brunswick, Melbourne, yesterday of a patent explosive compound, its peculiarity being that it is safer than ordinary blast ing powder, creates less smoke, and i3 cheaper. The composition is of course a secret, but the compound has beeii very exteusively used in the copper mines of South Australia, and is gradually super seeling the use of gunpowder. Its ex explosive effects are as great as those of ordinary blasting powder, and an import ant characteristic is that except in a com pound form it will not explode, and it requires considerable care in "tamping" when blasting to realise its full effect. No clue has been obtained to the burglar who'effected an entrance into the premises ot Mr Carter, barrister, of St. Kilda. It would almost seem that the learned gentleman had offered a premium to robbery by sleeping "heavily" with his window open, and his breeches pockets in very tempting and convenient contguity to the aforesaid open window. If Mr Carter will do such foolish things, he must, of course, suffer for his folly. An exhibition of colonial Gems and Jewellery generally, will he opened at the Exhibition Building, Melbourne, on Tues day next.. The display is likely to-be a most promising one, as the- leading jewellers of the city intend forwarding specimens. The third supplementary Electoral roll will bo made up by Monday morning next, so that persons who have come to legal majority since August, 1854, and those who have removed from one di vision to another aud have not transferred their electoral rights, by applying to the registrar" of the district into which tliey have removed, must take out new; electoral rights before Saturday night, or they will be disqualified. The present municipal roll continues in force until August, when the new roll will be made up. A return has just been prepared, show ing the area and cost per acre of surveys effected by salaried officers- and by con tracting surveyors, during the years from 185S to 1S63. Wo find that, the total quantity of ■ land surveyed by salaried officers during that period was 3,157,877 acres; and the amount paid for such survey, Ll59,799 5s 7d; or an average of 12.14d per acre. Tho cost of survey in creased from 10.50d, in 1858, to 31.S0d in 18G3. " The cost of special surveys, during the period which includes the survey of roads to new gold fields, was 159,533 3s 6tl.. The quantity of land surveyed by contract in the same period was 5,088,908 acres ; and th e cost, 1,123,130 5s 2d,-or an average of 5.80d per acre. Here, also, the cost rose from 2.45(1, in 1859, tol0.90d in 18G3. Messrs Noyes and Reed offered for sale by auction, at' Messrs Cuningbam and Macredie's store, somoNegretti rams and ewes. About a dozen of the latter were sold, and averaged about Ll6 10s each. Of the rams, only half-a-dozen were sold, and realised prices varying from LIS to L42. The premises of Mr Wise,' bookseller, of Moorabool-strcet, -were closed yester day. A notico posted on the door ad vised that the closihg of tho establishment was owing to the death of Mr Wise's mother. The Portland Guardian publishes a letter from Mr E. Hooley,1 a gentleman iwell known both in tho Portland anfl Hamilton districts and now at Camden' Harbor. Mr Hooley says :—" We found splendid water. There is plenty of grass where it is not burnt; there lias not been any rain here for mouths, but it is threatening for rain to-day. We can stand the heat very welL" It certainly appears that the favorable reports from the new settlement outweigh the unfavorable ones. The Bendigo Independent is respon sible for the following :—""Who shall say there is no truth in animal magnetism, or special electricity, or call it what you will, when cases like the following pre sent themselves from time to time to our notice? We gave a brief account the other day of the accidental death, by drowning, of Mr Best, and we have been since told that Mrs Best distinctly saw the fignre, or double, of her husband at " her bedside the evoning before her death ■ was supposed to have taken place, wishing her farewell, and telling her he was about to depart this life. Many ,of us must be able to recall instances of people we imagined to be far distant appearing before us while we were talking about them, and it is the opinion of many sen sible- men that some magnetic agency causes our thoughts to run in the channel which brings about these mysterious coincidences, as they are termed," We have not, says the Hiverine Herald, many recorded instances of supernatural visitations in the shape of ghosts in Aus tralia. Some, however, have been spoken of. Dr Lang, in his history of Hew South • Wales, meutions one, through the instru mentality of which a foul murder was , discovered, butthat occurrence took place ^®a^^eare-pgo,^tflias well nigh,passed ^-"-5^a**from- fi^rinhnmry rof~tb e"'old est1 iiir: ,ihabitant. Most people have heard of that 1 haunted spot, the Black Swamp, between Deniliquiu and tbc Murrurnbidgee, round which, it is said, at the dead hour of night, a headless trooper rides a grey cob at full speed. We were assured the other day that a party of three men camped there lately for the night, were nearly scared out of their senses by the appear ance in the full moonlight of this midnight . visitant. Our informant was positive that the occurrence had taken place, and we believe he was sincere in his belief as to the appearance of the apparition. It does not take much to impose on the senses of a certain class of bnshmen, who are quite as superstitious as their seagoing brethren. 