AN ADVENTURE ON THE SPANISH MAIN. I was apprenticed to the sea when I was about as tall as' my own walking- sticky and I made good enough use of my time to he fit for a mate's berth at the age of twenty- five years. It was in the year 1818, or 1819, I am not qnite certain which, that I reached the before- mentioned age of twenty-five. You will please to excuse my memory hot being good for dates, names, "umbers, places-, ppd such-like. No fear, though, about the particulars I have undertaken to tell you off. I have got them all -ship shape in my recollection ; I can see them at this mo ment as clear as noonday in my own mind. But there is a mist over what went before, and for the matter of that-, a mist likewise over much that came after — and it's not very likely to lift, at my " time of life, is it ? . Well, in 1818, or 1819, when there was peace in our part of the world — and not before it was wanted, you'JI say — there was fighting, of a cer tain scampering, scrambling kind, going on in that old fighting ground, whioh we seafaring meu know by the name of the Spanish Main. The possessions -that belonged to the Spaniards in South America had broken out into open mutiny Aud declared for themselves years before. There was plenty of bloodshed between the new govern ment and the old, but the new had got the best of it for the most part, under one General Boli var — a famous mail-in his time, though he seems to have dropped out of people's memories now. Englishmen and Irishmen with a turn for fight ing, and nothing particular to do at home, joined the general as volunteers, and some of our mer chants here found it a good venture to send sup plies across the ocean to the popular side. L'here was risk enough, of course, in doing this ; but whore one speculation of the kind succeeded it made up for two, at the leasts that failed. And that's the true principle of trade-, wherever I have met with it, nil the world over. Among the Englishmen who were concerned in this Spanish-American business, I, your humble servant, happened, in a small way, to be one. I was then mate of a brig belonging to a 'certain firm in the city, which drove a sort of general trade, mostly in queer out-of- the-way places, as far from home as possible ; and whioh freighted the brig, in the year I am speaking of, witii a cargo of gunpowder for General Bolivar and his volunteers. Nobody knew anything about our instructions, when we sailed, except the captain, and he didn't half seem to like them. I can't rightly say how many barrels of powder we had on board, or how much each barrel held — I only know we had no other cargo. The name of the brig was the Good -Intent — a queer name enough, you will tell me, for a vessel laden with gunpow der, and sent to help a revolution. And as far this particular voyage was -concerned, so it was. I meant that for a -joke, ladies and gentlemen, and I am sorry to find you don't laugh at it. The Good Intent was the craziest tub of a ves sel I ever went to sea in, and the worst found in all respects. She was two hundred and thirty or two hundred and' eighty tons burden, I forget which, and she had a crew of eight, all told — nothing like as many as we ought by rights to have had to work the brig. However, we were well and honestly ' paid our wages, and we had to set that against the chance of founder ing at sea-, and, on this occasion, likewise, the chance of being blown up into the bargain. In consideration of the natnre of our cargo, we were harassed with new regulations, which we didn't at all. like, relative to smoking our pipes and lighting our lanterns; and, as is usual in such cases, the captain who made the regulations, preached" what he didn't practice. Not a man of us was allowed to have a bit of lighted candle in his hand when he went below except tlie skip per ; and he used bis light .when he turned in-, or when he looked over his chart on the cabin table, just as usual. This light was a common kitchen candle or " dip " of the sort that goes eight or ten to the pound ; and it stood in an old battered flat candlestick, with all the japan worn and melted off, and all the tin showing through. It would have been more seamanlike and suitable in every respect if he had had a lamp or lantern ; but he stuck to his old candlestick ; and that same old candlestick, ladies and gentlemen, has ever after- wards stuck to me. That's another joke, if you \ please, and I am much obliged to Miss Belinda, in the corner, for being good enongh to laugh at it. Well I said "well" before, but its a word that helps -a man on like), we sailed in the 'brig, and shaped our course, first for the Virgiu -Islands, -in the West -Indies; and, after sighting them, we made for the Leeward Islands next ; and then stood on due south, until thelook-out at the mast-head hailed the deck, and said he saw land. -That land was the coast of South America. We had a wonderful voyage bo far. We had lost none of our sails or spars, and not a man of us had been harrassed to death at the pumps. It wasn't often the Good -Intent made such a voyage -as that, :I can tell you. I was sent to make sure about the land, and 1 did make sure of it. When I reported the same to the skipper, he went below, and had a look at his letter of instructions and the chart. When he came on deck again ha altered our course a trifle to the eastward — I forget the point on the compass, but that don't matter. What -I do re member is, that it waB dark before we closed in with the land. We kept the lead going, and hove the brig to in from four to five fathoms water, or it might be six — J can't say for certain. I kept a sharp eye on the drift of the vessel, none of us knowing how the currents ran on that coast. We all wondered why the skipper didn't anchor, but he said, No, lie must first show a light at the foretop-mast-head, and wait for an answering light on shore. We did wait and no thing of the sort appeared. It was starlight and calm. What little wind there was came in puffs off the land. I suppose we waited drifting a little to the westward, as I made it out, best part of an hour before anything happened — anil then instead oi seeing the light on shore we saw a boat coming towards us, rowed by two men only. We hailed them, and they answered " Friendsl" and ; ailed us by our name. They came on board. One of them was an Irishman, and the other was a coffee- coloured native pilot, \vho jabbered a little English. The Irishman handed a note to our skipper, who showed it to mo. It informed us that the part of the coast we were off then was not over safe for discharging our cargo, seeing that the spies of the enemy (that is to say, of the old government) had been taken and shot in the neighbourhood the day before. We might trust the brig to the native pilot ; and he had his instructions to take us to another part of the coast. The noto was signed by the proper par ties ; so we let the Irishman go back alone in the boat, and allowed the pilot to exercise his lawful authority over the brig. He kept us stretching off from land till noon the next day — his instruc tions, seemingly ordering him to keep us well out of sight of the shore. We only altered our course in the afternoon, po as to close in with the land again a little before midnight. This same pilot was about as ill-looking a va- gabond as ever I saw ; a skinny, cowardly, quar relsome mongrel, who swore at the men in the vilest broken English, till they were every one of them ready to pitch him overboard. The sk'pper kept them quiet, aod I kept them quiet, for the pilot being given us by our instructions, we were bonnd to make the best of him. Near nightfall, however, with the best will in the world to avoid it, I was unlucky enough to quarrel with liira. He wanted to go below -with his pipe, and I stop ped him, of course, because it was contrary to orders. Upon that, lie tried to hustle by me. and I put him away with my hand. I never meant to push him down ; but somehow, I did. He pick ed himself up as' quick as lightning, and pulled out his knife. I snatched it out of his hand, slapped his murderous face for him, and threw his weapon overboard. He gave me one ugly look, and walked aft. I didn't think much of the look then ; but I remembered it a little too well afterwards. We were close in with the land again, just as the wind failed us, between eleven and twelve that night, and dropped our anchor by the pilot's, directions. It was pitch dark, and a dead, Siirless calm. The skipper was on deck with .two of our best men for watch. The rest were below, except the pilot, who coiled himself up, more like a snake than a man, on the forecastle. It was not my watch till four -in the morning.- But I didn't like the look of the night, or the pilot, or the state of things generally, and I shook myself down on deck to get my nap there, and be ready for anything at a moment's warning. The last thing I remember was the skipper whispering to me that he didn't like the look of things either, and that he would go below and consult his in structions again. This is the last I remember, before the slow, heavy, regular roll of the old brig on the ground- swell rocked me off to sleep. 1 was woke, ladies and gentlemen, by a scuffle on the forecastle, and a gag in my mouth. There was a man on my breaBt and a man on my legs, and I was bound hand and foot in half a minute. The biig was in the hands of the Spaniards. They were swarming all over her. I heard six heavy splashes in the water, one after "another — -I saw the captain stubbed to the heart as he came run ning up the companion — and I heard a Beventh splash in the water. Except myself, every soul of us on board had been murdered and thrown into the sea. Why I was left, I couldn't think, till I saw the pilot stoop over me with a lantern, and look to make sure of who I was. There was a devilish grin on his face, and lie nodded his head at me, as much as to say, You were the man who hustled me down and slapped my face, and I mean to play the game of cat and mouse with you in return for it 1 I could neither move nor speak ; but I could see the Spaniards take off the main hatch and rig the purchases for getting up the cargo. A quarter of an hour afterwards I heard the sweeps of a schooner, or other small vessel, in the water. The strange craft was laid alongside of us, and the Spaniards set to work to discharge our cargo into her. They all worked hard except tho . pilot : and he -came from time to time with his lan tern to have another look at me, and to grin and nod, always in tho same devilish Way. I am old enough now not to be ashamed of confessing the truth, and I don't mind acknowledging that the pilot frightened me. The fright, and the bonds, and the gag, and the not being able to stir hand or foot, had pretty nigh worn out by the time the Spaniards gave over work. This was just as the dawn broke. They had shifted good part of our cargo on board of their vessel, hut nothing like all of it ; and they were sharp enough to be off with what they had got before daylight. I need hardly say that I had made up my mind by this time to the worst I could think of. The pilot, it was clear enough, was one of the spies of the enemy, who had wormed himself into the confidence of our con signees without being suspected. He, or more likely his employers, had got knowledge enough of us to suspect what our cargo was ; we had been anchored for the night in the safest berth for them to surprise us in ; and we had paid the penalty of having a small crew, and consequently an insufficient watch. All this was clear — but what did the pilot intend to do with me ? On the word of a man, it makes my flesh creep, now, only to tell you what tie did with me. After all the rest of them were put of the brig, except the pilot and two Spanish seamen, these last took me up bound and gagged as I wss, lowered me into the hold of the vessel, and laid me along on the floor, lashing me 'to it with ropes' ends, so that I could just turn from one side to the other, but could rot roll myself over so as to change my place. Tney then left me. Both of them were the worse for liquor ; but the devil of a pilot was sober — mind that — as sober as I am at the present moment. 1 lay ia the dark fcr a little | while, frith my heart thumping as if it was going to jump out of me. I lay about five minutes so, wheq the pilot came down into tho hold, alone. He had the captain's cursed flat candlestick and a carpenter's awl in one hand, and a long thin stick twist of cotton yarn, well oiled, in the other. He put the caudlestick, with a new " dip " lighted in it, down on ihe floor, about two feet from my face, close against the side of the vessel. The light was feeble enough, but it was sufficient to show a dozen barrels of gunpowder or more, left ull round me in the hold of the brig. I began to suspect what he was after, the moment I noticed the barrels. The horrors laid hold of me from head to foot, and the sweat poured off my face like water. I saw him go next to one of .the barrels of powder standing against the side of the vessel, in a line with the caudle, and about three feet, or rather better, from it. He bored a hole in the side of tho barrel with his awl, and the horrid powder came trickling out, and dripped, into the hollow of his hand, which he held to catch it. When he had a good handful, he stopped tip the hole by jamming one end of bis oiled twist of cotton yarn fust into it, and then he rubbed the powder into the whole length of yarn till he had blackened every hairsbreadth of it. The next thing he did — as true as I sit here, as true as the heaven above us all — the next thing lie did was to carry the free end of his long, lpan, black, frightful slow match to the lighted candle along side my face, and to tie it, in several folds, round the tallow dip, about a third of the distance down, measuring from the flame of the wick to the lip of the candlestick. He did that; he looked to see that my lashings were all safe, and then he put down bis face close to mine, and whispered in my ear, " Blow up with the brig !" He was on deck again the moment after, and he and the two others shoved the hatch oVer me. At the farthest end from where I lay they had not fitted it down quite true, and I saw a blink of daylight glimmering in when I looked in that direction. I heard the sweeps of ihe schooner fall into the water — splash ! splash 1 fainter and fuiuter as they swept the vessel out in tlio dead calm, to be ready for. the wind in the oifiiig. Fainter and fainter, splash eplasb, for a quarter of au hour or more. While these sounds were in my ears, my eyes were fixed un -the candle. It had been freshly lit if left to itself it would burn for between -six and seven hours — the slow match was twisted roand it about a third of the way down-— and therefore the flame would be about two hours reaching it. There I lay, gagged, bound, lashed to the floor : seeing ray own life burning down with the candle by ray side — there I lay, alone on the sea, doomed to be blown to atoms and to seem that doom drawing on, nearer and nearer with every fresh second of time, through nigh on two hours to come, power less to help myself and speechless to call to others for help. The wonder to me is that I didn't cheat the flame, the slow match, and the' powder, and die of the horror of my situation before my first half hour was out in the hold of the brig. I can't exactly say how long t kept the com mand of my senses after I had ceased to hear the splash of the schooner's sweeps in the water. I can trace back everything I did and everything I thought up to a certain point ; but once past that, I get all abroad, nnd lose myself in my memory now, much as I lost myself in ray own feelings at the time. The moment the hatch was covered over me I began, as every other man would have begun in ray place, with a frantic effort to free my hands; In the mad panic I was in I cut my flesh with the lashings as if they had been knife blades, but I never stirred them. There was less chance still of freeing my legs, or of tearing myself from the fastenings tha't held n,e to the floor. I gave in when I was all but suffocated for want of breath. The gag, you will please to remember, was a terrible enemy to me. I could only breathe freely through my nose, and tliut is but a poor vent when a man is straining his strength as far as ever it will go. I gave in, and lay quiet, and got my breath again ; my eyes glaring and staring at the candle all the time. While I was stating at it, the notion struck me of tryi. g to blow out the flame by puffing a long breath at it suddenly through my nostrils. It was too high above me, and too far away from me, to be reached in that fashion. I tried, and tried, and tried — and then I gave in again and lay quiet again ; always with my eves glaring at the candle, and the candle glaring at me. The splash of the schooner's sweeps was very faint by this time. I could- only just hear them in the; morning stillness. Splash ! splash — fainter and fainter — splash I splash ! Without exactly feeling my mind going. I began to feel it getting queer, as early us this. The snuff of the candle was growing taller and taller, and the length of tallow between the flame and the slow-match, which was the lengtli of my life, was getting shorter and shorter. I calculat ed that I had rather less than an hour and a half to live. An botir and a half! Was there a chance in that time of a boat pulling off to tho brig from shore ? Whether the land near which the vessel was anchored was in possession of our side, or in possession of the enemy's side, I made it out that they must, sooner or later, send to hail the brig, merely because she was a stranger in those parts. The question for me was, how soon ? The sun had not risen yet, as I could tell by looking through the chink in the hatch. There was no coast village near us, as we all knew, be fore the brig was seized, by seeing no lights on shore. There was no wind, as I could tell by listening, to bring any strange vessel near. If I had had six hours to live, there might have been a chance for me, reckoning from sunrise to noon. But with an hour and half, which had dwindled to an hour an quarter by this time — or, in other words, with the earliness of the morning, the un-; inhabited coast, and tho dead culm all against me —there was not the ghost of a chance. As I felt that, I had another struggle — the last— with my bonds ; and only cut myself the deeper for my pains. I gave in once more, and lay quiet, and listen ed for the splash Of the sleeps. Gone ! Not a sound could 1 hear bat the blowing of a fish now and then on the surface of the sea, -and the creak of the brig's crazy old spars, as she rolled gently from side to side with the little swell there was on the quiet water. An hour and a quarter. The wick grew ter ribly, as the quarter slipped away.; and the charred top of it began to thicken and spread out mushroom shape. It would fall off soon. Would ' it full off red-hot, and would the swing of the brig cant it over the side of the candle and let it down on the slofr-inatch. If it would, I had about ten minutes to live instead of an hour. This dis covery set my mind for a minute on a new tack altogether. I began to ponder with myself what sort of a death blowing up might be. Painful ? Well. it would'be, surely, too sadden for that. Perhaps just one crash inside me, or outside me, or both, and nothing more ? Perhaps not even a crash-; that and death and tire scattering of' this living body of mine into millions of fiery sparks might ail happen in the same instant ? I couldn't make it out ; I couldn't settle how it would be. The minute of calmness in ray mind left it before I had half done thinking ; and I got all abroad again. When I came back to my thoughts, oi when they came back to me (I can't say which), the wick was awfully tall, the flame was burning with a smoke above it, th'e charred top was broad and red, and heavily spreading out to its fall. My despair and horror at seeing it, took me in a new way, which was good and right, at any rate for 1 ray poor soul. I tried to pray .; in my own heart, you will understand, for the gag put all lip pray ing out of my power. I tried, but the candle seemed to buru it up in me. I struggled hard to j force my eyes from the alow murdering flame, and to look up through the chink in the hatch at the blessed daylight. I tried once, tried twice ; and gave it up. I tried next only to shut my eyes, and keep them shut — once — twice — and the second time I did it. " God bless old mother, and sister Lizzie ; God keep them both, and for give me." That was all I had time to say, in ray own heart, before my eyes opened again, in spite of me and the flame of the candle flew into them, flew all over me, and burnt up the rest of my thoughts in an instant. , I couldn't hear the fish blowing now ; I couldn't : hear the creak of the spars ; I couldn't thick ; I couldn't feel the sweat of ray .own death agony on my face — I could only look at the heavy, charred top of the wick. It swelled, tottered, bent oter to one side, dropped — red hot nt the moment of its fall — black and harmless, even be fore the swing of the brig had canted it over into the bottom of the caudlestick. I caught myself laughing. Yes ! laughing at the sale full of the bit of wick. But for the gag I should have screamed with laughing. As it was, I shook with it inside me — shook till the blood was in my head and I was all but suffocat ed for waut of breath. I had just sense enough left to feel that my own horrid luughter at that uwful moment, was a sign of my brain going at ' last. I had just sense uuough left to make an other struggle before my mind broke loose like a frightened horse, and run away with me. One comforting look at the blink of daylight through the hatch was what I tried for once more. The fight to force my eyes from the candle and to get that one look at the daylight, was the hardest I had had yet, and I lost the fight. The flame bad hold of my eyes as fast as the lashings had hold of my hands. I couldn't look away from it. I couldn't even shut my .eyes, when I tried that next, for the second time. Thete was the wick, growing tall once more. There was the space of unburnt candle between the light and the slow match shortened to an inch or less. How much life did that inch leave me ? Three quarters of an hour? Half an hour? Fifty minutes ? Twenty minutes ? Steady ! an inch of tallow candle would burn longer than twenty minutes. An inch of tallow ! the notion of a man's body and soul being kept together by an inch of tallow ! Wonderful ! Why, thegreatest king that sits on a throne can't keep a man's body and soul together; and here's an inch of tallow that can do what the king can't I There's some thing to tell mother, when I get home, which will surprise her more than all the rest of my voyages put together. I laughed inwardly, again, at the thought of that ; and shook and swelled and suffocated myself, till the light of the candle leaped in through my eyes, and licked ud the laughter, and burnt it out of me, and made me all empty and cold, and quiet onoe more. Mother and Lizzie. I don't know when they came back ; but they did come back — not, as it seemed tc me, into my mind this time ; but right down bodily before m'e, in the bold of the brig. . Yes ; sure enough, there was Lizzie, just as light-hearted as usual, laughing at me. Laugh ing! Well, why not? Who is to blame Lizzie for thinking I'm lying on my back, drunk in the cellar, with the beer barrels all around me ? Steady ! she's crying now — spinning round and round in a fiery mist, wringing her hands, screeching out for help— fainter and fainter, like the splash of the schooner's sweeps. Gone! — burnt up in the fiery mist. Mist ? fire ? no ; neither one nor the other. It's mother makes the light — mother knitting, with ten flaming points at the ends of her fingers and thumbs, anil slow matches hanging in bunches ail round her face instead of her own grey hair. Mother in her old arm-chair, and the pilot's long skinny hands hanging over the back of the chair, drip ping with gunpowder. No ! no gunpowder, no cliair. no mother — nothing but the pilot's face, shining red hot, like a sun in the fiery mi-t ; turning Upside down in the .fiery mist,; running backwards and forwards along the slow-matcti, iu the fiery mist ; spinning millions of miles in a minute, in the fiery mist — spinning itself smaller and smuller into one tiny point, and that point darting on a sadden straight into my head — and then, all fire and all mist — no hearing, no seeing, no thinking, no feeling — the brig, the sea, my own self, the whole world, all gone together ! After what I've jnst teld you, I know and -re member nothing, till I woke up, as it seemed to me in a comfortable bed, with two rough and ready men like myself sitting on each side of my pillew, and a gentleman standing watching me at the foot of the bed. It was about seven in the morning. My sleep (or what seemed like my sleep to me) had lasted better than eight months — I was among my own countrymen in the island of 1 rinidad — the men at each side of my pillow were my keepers, turn and turn about — and the gentleman standing at the foot of the bed was the doctor. What I said and did in those eight mouths, I never have known and never shall. I wo.l'e out of it, as if it had been one long sleep — that's all I know. ' It was another two months or more before the doctor thought it safe to answer the questions I asked him. The brig had been anchored, just as I had sup posed, off a part of the coast which was lonely enough to make the Spaniards pretty sure of no interruption, so long as they managed their mur derous work quietly under cover of night. My life had not been Baved from the shore, but from the sea. An American vessel, becalmed in the offing, had made out the brig as the sun rose ; and the captain, having Jiis time on his hands in consequence of the calm, and seeing a vessel anchored where no vessel had any reason to be, had manned one of his boats and sent his mate with it, to look a little Closer into -the mutter, and tiring tiack a report Of what be saw. What he saw, when lie and his men found the brig de serted and boarded her, was a gleam of candle light through the chink into the hatch-way. The flame was within about a thread's breadth of the slow-match, when tie lowered himself into the hold, and if he had not had the Sense and cool ness to cut the match in two with his knife, be fore he touched the candle, he and his men mjght have been blown up along with the brig, as well as me. The match caught and tamed into spluttering red fire, in the very act of putting tho candle oat; and if the communication with the powder barrel hod net been out off, the Lord only knows what might have happened. What became of the Spanish schooner and the pilot I have never heard froip that day to this. As for the brig, tho Yankees took her, as they took me, to Trinidad, and claimed their salvage, and got it, I hope, for their own sakes. I was landed just in the same state -as when they rescued me from the brig, that is to ssy, clean out of my senses. But, please to remember it was a long ' time ago, and take my word for it, I was dis- charged cured, as I have told you. Bless .your 1 1 cart's, I'm all right now, as yo.u may see. I'm a littlp shaken by telling the story, ladies and gentlemen— a little shaken, that's all. a Naturalist's Devotion to Science. — When Jussieu was bringing, in 1737, a seedling of the Lebanon cedar fro.m Syria to Marseilles, the ship became so short of fresh water that the pas- - sengers were limited to half a glass a day. Jussieu shared his half with his plant, which, thanks to his generous enthusiasm, reached Paris safely, and lived to bo 100 years old and eighty , feet high. Tjie French Mother.— -There -are seldom more than two children in a minage, three at the utmost, -whatever the reason may be, and these children are commonly idolised both "jby fatlipr and mother, and the children in return have an actual culte for " ma ip6re." Of the father one hears less ; but the words " ma mfire," pro nounced with a certain intonation, in the pulpit or on the stage never fail to set handkerchiefs in requisition in all directions. I remember an amusing instance, an a melo-drama by Dumas I'fire, in which a certain notorions bandit was Roasting of his high and mighty deeds, and was interrupted by a friend with the gross remark, " After all, you are nothing but a robber." " Stay, my friend," lie replied ; "I hare a motlier." Profound sensation in the audience. Every ear is pricked eagerly. The bandit re sumes,. 44 Once iu every month, on the first day of the mouth, I leave ray eagle eyrie ; I descend into the lowly plain. Crossing it with hasty and indjgqaut steps, I enter the city of Valencia. There I enter a lofty mansion in the dead of night. I -mount the marble stairs. I push A heavy oaken door — a chamber lies before me ; in that chamber a couch ; on that .couoti a woman, a venerable woman 1 I approach that sleeping saint. But does she sleep ? I impress a kiss upon her sacred lips, and she—she gives . me hack that kiss! Now, dare to say i .aw robber !" Tremendous explosion of applause, and Universal weeping.- — Fortnightly Review. 1 he Maids of Merry England.— Mr. Rusk'io, who is allowed to be a judge of such matters, says that the present style of female dress is .the -most graceful and aTtistic ever worn. I quite agree frith him, and 'I think it lias had almost a magicAl effect in bringing out and set ting off the beauty of the maids of merry England. There are no plain girls now-a-days.' Positive ugliness is altogether banished from the land. All .the girls are p.retty. Walking in the streets, or driving in the Park, or sitting in a box at tlie opera, one is kept in a state of continual admira- tion by the numbers of pr.etty girls that meet tlie eye on every hand. All .this femalo beauty has of course .existed at any time ; but I -venture to think that it is only lately that it has been shown off to the fullest advantage. In these days of economics and art training we know how to make tlie most and the best of Bungs. Mark -what a mine of beauty has been disoovered in red hair. How many years is it since red hair was con temptuously denominated "carrots?" To .be carroty was to be a fright, and an allusion to a carroty girl, in a song or play, was sure, to raise a laugh or derision. But now, carrots are the fashion, the rage. The girl with the ruddy locks, instead of plastering her hair down, to look like polished slabs of Peterhead granite, combs it out and lets the sun into it, and straightway it is a fleece of gold. Golden locks — that ia to say, the ridiculed " carrots" of another period — aro now the admiration of all the women. It is no secret, I believe, that many women are in the habit of bleaching their dark hair in order to impart to it a tinge of the fashionable and admired red. I am informed, .too — and I oan add my personal testimony to the fact — the red-haired .girls who havp been on the shelf until they are no longer young, .are now going off in the matrimonial market like wildfire. — Dickens's " All the Fear Round." An Arabian Laughing Plant. — For the first time . I met with a narcotic plant, very com mon further south, and gifted with curions quali ties. Its seeds, in which the deleterious principle seems chiefly to .reside, when pounded and ad ministered in a small dose, produce effects much like those ascribed to Sir Humphry Davy's laugh ing gas ; -the patient dances, sings, and performs a thousand extravagances, till, after an hour of . gieat excitement to himself and amusement to the bystanders, he falh asleep, and on awaking has lost all memory of what he did or sajd white under the influence of the drug. To put -a pinch of this powder into the coffee of somo unsuspect ing .individual is a not uncommon joke, nor did I hear that it was ever followed by serious conse quences, though an over-quantity might, perhaps, he dangerous. I myself tried it on two indivi duals, but in proportions, if not absolutely liomceo- pathic, Btill sufficiently minute to keep on the safe side of iisk, and witnessed its operation, laughable enough, but very harmless. The plant that bears these berries hardly attains in Knseem the height of six inches above the ground, but in 'Oman I have seen bushes of it three or iuur'feet in growth, and wide- spreading. The stems are woody, and of a yellow tinge whpn barked ; the leaf of a dark green colour and pinnated, with about twenty leaflets on either side ; the stalks smooth and shining ; -the flowers ore yellow, and grow in tufts, the anthers numerous ; the fruit -is a capsule, stuffed with -a greenish padding, in which lie embedded two or three black seeds, in size and shape much like French beans ; their taste sweetish, but with a peculiar opiate flavour ; the smell heavy, and almost sickly. — Palgrave's Central and Eastern Arabia. Lord Chesterfield's Will.— The celebrated Lord Chesterfield's will contains this prelude:— " Satiate with the pompous follies of this life, of which I have had an uncommon share, I -would have no posthumous ones displayed at, my funeral, and .therefore desire to be buried in the next hurying-place to the place where I shall die, and limit the whole expense of my funeral to JB100 " Shortly after comes the following elapse 14 The several devises "And bequests hereinbefore and hereinafter given by me to and in favour of my said gsd.sou, Philip Stanhope, shall be subject to the condition and restriction hereinafter mentioned — that is to say, that in case my said godson, Philip Stanhope, shall At Any time hereufter keep : or be concerned in the keeping of any race-horse ' or race-horses, or pack o t packs of hotinds, or reside one night at Newmarket, that infamous seminary of iniquity and ill manners, during the course of the races there, or .shall resort to the said races, or shall lose -in any oile day ai any game or .bet whatsoever the sura of £ 500 , then, and <n any of the cases aforesaid, it is my ex press will that lie, my godson, shall forfeit and pay oht of my estate tlie sum of JgSOOCi to and for the use of .the Dean and Chapter of West minister for every such offence or misdemeanour as is aboVe specified, to be' recovered by action for debt in any of bis Majesty's courts of record at Westminister." The will entails a similar' penalty on the letting of Chesterfield House. The present Lord Chesterfield, who is son pf the man on whom these liabilities were .imposed, has cer tainly let Chesterfied House, and has, we will - venture to say, passed come nights at the 44 in famous seminary of iniquity and ill manners." His ancestor vested the infliction of the penalty in the reverend hands of the Dean and Chapter, to mark, by a sort of Porthipp dart, his sense of' the grasping spirit he considered they had evinced , iu their dealings with him respecting the land on which the iiouse was built, and to show what a rigid enaction of the penalty imposed he antici pated from sueh sharp practitioners. — Frazer's Magazine. Life in an Arabian City. — Mr. Palgrave . in his recently published 41 Narrative of a Year' Journey through Central and Eastern Arabia," gives a description historical, social, andpoliticul, ' of the Arabian city of Ilelzel, and the life and character of its grand Governor Tela! who, dur ing a reign of twenty years, has ruled, 44 with unvaried and well-deserved prosperity," in the. supposed heart of the desert — "has gone far to civilise the most barbarous third of tlie Arabian continent, and has established law aud security where they had been unknown for -ages past." Mr. Paigrave says 44 Many a pleasant hour have I passed in this haif greenhouse., half' K'hawah, mid cheerful faces and varied talk, while inly commenting on the natural resources of this manly and vigorous people, and straining the eye of forethought to discern through tho misty curtain of the future by what outlet their now unfruitful because solitary good may be brought into fertilising contact with that of other more advanced nations, to the mutual benefit of each and all. 44 It is not good that tlie man . phould be alone," was said from tlie beginning by a very high Authority j no, aor the nation either. — .i— — — — — aa Time, not perbapB distant, may help to solve the problem. Or else some garfle.u was the . scene our afternoon leisure, omohg fruit trees and palms, by the side of a watercourse, whose constant .supply -from the well, hid from view among thick foliage, seemed the work not of laborious art hut of unassisted nature. Here, stretched in the cod! and frelcome shade, frouid we for hours canvasB with 'Abd-el-fththsio, and others of similar pur suits, the respective merits of Arab poets apd authors, of Omar-ebn-el-Farid or Abno'l 'Dla, in meetings that had something of the Attic, yet with just enough of tbe Arab to render tliem more acceptable by their Semitic character of grave cheerfulness and mirthful composure. Or, when the stars came out, Batakat and myself would stroll out of the heated air of the streets and market to the cool open plain, and there pass an hour or two alone, or in conversation .with what chance passer-by might steal on us half unper- ceived and unperceiving in the dusk, and amuse ourselves with his simplicity if he were a Bedouin; or with his shrewdness if a townsman." The Matterhorn.— It may be roughly de scribed as an irregular five-sided pyramid, crowned by a block like an oblong ridge-roof cottage. It stands at an angle in .the line of the watershed of the Pennine Alps, and is the sixth summit id Europe, being 14,705 feet above the sea. Od the west it is battressed by a huge ridge, which joins it, like a curtain wall between two towers, to the peak of the Dent d'Hfirens (13,714 feet) ; on tlie north it overhangs -tlie Zmutt glacier, and the vnlley of Zermatt (Nicolai Thai) ; on the south tho head of the Val Tournanche ; on the east is the great plateau, from 10,000 feet to 11,000 feet in height, connecting it with the Breitliorn and the rest of the Monte Rosa range. Of the five edges, or defies, as they are tliecnially culled, of the pyramid, one falls rapidly down td the ridge running tofrards the Dent d'Herens ; tlie next (going northward) soon terminates in tremendous precipices over the ZmUtt glacier ; at the end of the third is the Hornli, a well-known excursion for visitors from Zermatt ; the fourth coines down to the plateau in tho direction of the St. Thfiodule Pass ; and the fifth, tho least de fined, is an ofishoot from the first, a little below the foot of -the great house-like block, and falls down towards the Val Tournanche. — Once (t Week. " Follow Your Copy." — A lad who was serv ing his time at a well-known printing office, was recently put to case, and on that important occa sion, amongst other valuable hints, received from Mr. Pica, his master, the following excellent ad vice : — 44 Now, Steve, my boy, remember that, under any circumstances, you must always follow your copy." Steve's first 44 copy" was a draper's 44 alarming-sacrifice " hand-bill, and to work lie wont, not a little proud of his new position. It so happened that the 44 frame" at which the young Typo was engaged faced an open window, and a sudden gust of wind blew open a door behind him after lie had commenced operations. The con; sequence 'was that the 44 alarming sacrifice" waS whirled rapidly through the open window, when Steve, remembering Mr. Pica's injunction, 44 foB low your copy," darted after it with all tile agility of an accomplished harlequin. An exclammation of surprise from some of those, present attracted Mr. Pica's attention, and he turned his head just in time to catch a 44 dissolving view " of Steve's heels as he dived after the truant manuscript. " BlesS me;" exclaimed Mr. P., " that boy will cancel his indentures by dislocating his neok." Steve didn't, though, for he immediately after ontered the office, and on Mr. Pica enquiring 44 what ore you at," Steve replied, "You told me, sir, always to follow my copy ; I did so, and here it is." Mr; Pica looked admiringly at him for a mothent atld turning to Mr. Brevier, the foreman, remarked, 44 the lad who can follow copy in that style is, depend upon it, the makings of a genuine Benjamin Franklin, that's my opinion." Golden Maxims. — Keep good company, of none. Never be idle. If your hands Caunot be usefully employed at.tedd to the cultivation of your mind. Always speak the truth. Mako few promises. Live up to your engagements. Keeji your own secrets, if you haye any; When you speak td a person look him in the face. Good company and good conversation are tho very sinews of virtue. Good character is above all things else. Your character cannot be essentially injured except by your own acts. If anypno speak evil of you let your life be such that none will believe Lira. Drink no kind of intoxicating liquors. Ever live (misfortunes excepted) within your income. When you -retire to bed think over what you have been doing during the day. Make no baste to be rich if you would prosper. Small and steady gains give competency with tranquillity of mind. Never play at any game oi chance. Avoid temptation through fear you may not with stand it. Earn money before you spend it. Never ruu into debt unless you see a wdy to get out again. Never borrow if jroU can possibly avoid it. Do not marry until you are able to support a wife. Never speak otil of any one. Be just before you are gonerohs. Keep yourself inno cent if you would be happy. Save when you are young to spend when you are did. Read over the above maxims at least once a week-— Old Jonathan , 