&EEL0NG.; ; Ffaom onn own correspondent.! Thursdav, 9 th November. At the quarterly meeting of the Geelong town council, to-day, Mr E. de Bruce Johnstone was installed as mayor for the ensuing year. The re tiring mayor, Mr Kernot, tendered his hearty thanks to the council for the oordial support they had accorded him during his year of office, and re1 gretted that, in vacating it, their unaniiial position was not such as he would wish it to be. Ho then invited Aid. 'Johnstone to a seat at his riffht hand, ahd, aller administering the usual oath, said that the pleasing duty devolved upon him of introducing as their future mayor a gentleman who, during the many years he acted with them as councillor, alderman and chairman of committees, had g'ven to them and the public such general satisfaction. The mayor then thanked the council, and asked them to proceed with the second order of the day. Aid. Hedrick moved that a testi monial, properly engrossed, and bearing the seal of the corporation, should be presented to the late mayor. Cr. Levy, in his capacity as chairman of the finance committee, considering the very embarrassed state of their exchequer, objected to the e&penditrire; 61 any money for that purpose, though fully 'concurring in tlia sentiments intended to be expressed; be moved that the town clerk be directed to engross the document. Gr. G-arrat was sorry to see the predi lection of Cr. Levy for constantly trumpeting the impoverished state of their coffers; he thought it likely to do considerable harm to the town, acid re gretted that the amendment should have been made. Cr. Matthews thought it would be very mean and ungracious if the council departed from their usual course on Eutth occasions. Cr, L3vy asked what that course was. The mayor said the usttal course was to deal with the matter with a3 much delicacy as possible. Cr. Mat thewa's motion, being put, was carried, only Crs. L-3vy and Whitchell dissenting. After a very lengthy debate, the discussion of the second order of the day was postponed until next meeting. It was on the subject of lighting tho public lamps with kerosene in the event of the gas company refusing to lower their price. We learn from the Geelong Register that 'a meeting of the Woollen Cloth Manufacturing Com pany^ was held on Monday, at the town hall, H. Currie, Esq , in the chair, when tenders for the erection of the factory were considered, and the tender of Clement Nash for the whole work, £1459 19s, was accepted, contingent upon a satisfactory schedule of prices being furnished. A letter was road from Mr Woods, consulting engineer to the company, resigning the appointment, he having been appointed by the Government engineer of the Coliban water supply. The secretary was instructed to advertise for a clerk of works ; and a few other matters of routine having been disposed of, the meeting adjourned.' At Geelong, on Saturday, the annual municipal elections k ok place. The only contests were in Bellerine and Barwon Wards, and both retiring councillors were re-elected. That in , Bellerine Ward created more excitement among tho burgesses than any civio election here for years past. Alder man Kuight was, in his absence and without his knowledge, on the day of . nomination, pitted against Mr Noonan, the retiring coun cillor. Mr Knight, in virtue of being mayor in 1861, held a seat at the council for the past year, not representing any ward ; this seat he vaoates on the 9th inst., when the present mayor goos out of officn, having been an aotive and useful councillor for nine years. Mr Knight's nominators thought it a pity the town should lose his experience, and to mirk their sense of the upright manner in which ho looked after the interests of the public, they brought him forward,; not finding fault with Mr Noonan, only a few months in the council, whose friends, on the other hand, thought him entitled to a longer trial. The votes recorded were, for Noonan 112, for Kuight 78. In addressing the eleotors, both gentlemen bore testimony to the fair and friendly manner in which the contest was conducted. In Barwon ward the votes were, for Whitchell 123, for Tannook40. All candidates pledged themselves to vote for sweeping reductions in corporation salaries and working ex penses ; also to light the public lamps with keroseno unless the ga3 company reduce their price. CLUNES. A frightful AcoiDENT occurred last week, at at tho claim of the United Clunes Company. It appears that Richard Vivian and his mate, named Robins, were employed in tho western croBS cut No. 6 level, in boring out a shot which bad missed. The shot thereupon exploded, injuring Vivian most fearfully, his right hand being blown off, right arm broken abovo the elbow, right thigh broken, one eyo closed, and tho face sadly burnt. Robins osoaped comparatively unhurt, his face alone being elightly burned. Dr. Robinson was quickly in attendance, and Vivian was removed to the , company's office. There he remained almost pulse less till Saturday, when a slight reaction took place, and it .is intended, so soon as it can be done with safety, to convey him in the ambulance to the 0res wiek district hosp'ital-^ ; SANDHURST. , . A case of brutal cruelty to a horso was brought before tho Sandhurst police court; on Monday. From the Bondigo Advertiser we learn that 'A man, named Patrick Hare; Was found guilty Of the offence, which; by witnesses, waS described as one of almost tearing the tongUa of a horse out by the roots, because the animal was obstinate and would not back the cart it was yoked to. Mr Bailey, the veterinary surgeon, had, subsequent to the ill treatment of the animal, to cut out a portion of the tongue, arid after the operation,, nearly all of the remaining portion mortified- and fell out of its mouth, rendering the animal, which the owner stated cost him nearly £40, valueless. The bench fined the offender about £40 altogether, what with the penalty, the amount in consideration of damage sustained, and the costs. The punishment will, do doubt, act as a salutary; \yarniDg to persons inclined to indulge in such wanton cruelty to anitsalsi' . . . WiM regard to the disappearance of the Sand hurst rate collector, the, Bendigo Advertiser says : — ' At the meeting of the borough council on Friday, the absence of Mr Townsend, the rate collector, was referred to, and a report from* ? the auditors brought forward, by. whitjh it was' shown that they had compared the ' buts ' of the rate receipt .books with' the amounts paid into the bank on account of ;the rates for 1864, the only difference being a sum ;of ? about £5. The mayor, who staled that none of the rates of 1865 hud been collected by Mr Town send, expressed his belief and satisfaction that when the rest of the accounts were audited they would be found equally correct.' . The case of a child being lost in the Whipttiok Scrub, at Kamarooka, is reported as follows by the . Bondigo Advertiser \ — ' So Thnrsd^jy morning, at about sifc o'clock, a little girl, about ten years of age, was sent by her parents to bring home their horse, which was feeding close by, but the horse, instead of coming home, galloped off,1 the child fol- . lowing until she got into the scrub and was lost. : Immediately on the discovery that she was missing, all hands turned out from the Doubtful Reef and Joneses Reef, and the machine men also, when a most rigorous search ensued ; but that night nothing wjs heard of the missing child. The following rooming the seaich was renewed, and luckily one of the party found her footpiints somewhere near the water-course cut by the Kamarooka engine party, and he followed them: right through the scrub to Pearson's Plains, a distance of about four milesj where she was found in a hut belonging to Mr Wilson, : of 1'arraberb. A shepherd, ' Mickey Barnes;) who :hdd heard her crying in the scrub, went in search; and was fortunate enough to find her* otherwise she must have . porished. Great praise is due to all the reefers on Kamarooka. for their endeavors to find the little girl, they having continued the search the whole night. This is the second time the shepherd Mickey Barnes has been the means of saving a child from perishing in the scrub.' : , . ' Another fatal acbi'dorit occurred at the Grassy Flat reservoir, on Tuesday morning. It appears, from the Bendigo Advertiser, that ' A man named John Alexander and his son, both carters, residing at New Chum Gully, were on their way to Strath fieldsaye for slabs, each having;a: horse and dray, when on passing the lower reservoir they drove their horses to the water's brink. to give them a drink. They were each of them seated on his own dray, and the son states that whilo the horses were dfiuk ing ho noticed his father's horse slip suddenly from the bank into the water; dragging the dray with his fatherafter it. 1?hey sank in deep water immedi ately, the shafts of the dray only being visible on the surface, with the horse straggling on his back between them, and his father calling for help. He endeavored to throw him the reins which he loosened from his own horse, but they failed to reaoh him.. Ho then called for help, and a man named Matthew FJynn, with his son and other men, who were working near, came tj his assistance. By this time his father had sunk. Flynn, on arriving, undi'esscd and jumped into the water, but was not successful in finding the drowning man ; and the landlord of the Bull's Head Inn having launched' a boat he got into it and unharnessed the horse, which was quite dead. . They searched with the oars for the bodj , and feel ing it they endeavored to raise it with the grappling irons, but could not do so until the dray had first been removed. Before the body oould be recovered it had been in the water at least two hours. Tho hole into which the horse slipped was an excava tion which had been dug out for the construction of the embunkment, and was from ten to twelve fset deep, tho edge of it at that hour in the morning having boon covered by the water. . The deceased was a Polish Jew, well knorvn on Bendigo, having resided in the district for twelve yuars, and was between seventy and eighty years of age. His wife is still living.' ???? ? An inexhaustible supply of good water has been discovered while sinking a claim o-i the Gravel hill, according to the Bendigo Advertiser : — ' On visiting the spot, we were told by the workmen that they had been compelled to desist working on ac count of the water, whioh, when first struck, was rather brackish. On going deeper, however, it lost this flavor, becamo sweet, and more and more abun dant. Thore was evidently a large supply in tho hill, whioh, properly worked, might bo made avail able at very little expense.' Accident to Mr J. J. Casey, M.L.A. — We -un- derstand that Mr Cas^y had u narrow escape on Thursday, when returning from Heathcote, where he had been engaged in the case of Thompson v. Clarke at the court of mines. He was driving a buggy arid pair of horses, and when about five miles this side of Heathcote, the king bolt gave way and the fore part of the carriage eepnratod from the body. Mr Casey held on to tho reius, and wiis dragged by tho horses some 100 yards before he succeoded in stopping them. In tho meantime the other occupants of the buggy — Mrs Casey and Mr Ellison, clerk to Mr Pitman — wore pjucted from tho conveyance, but without injury. Mr Casey, how ever, had tho cap of his knee severely bruised when drugged on the ground by the affrighted horses. Thore was no other resource thun to tramp it baok to Heathcote, where tho services of Dr. Kobiuson were oallod into requisition. Mr Casey returnod to Sandhurst last evening.— Bendigo Advertiser, No vember 4. i ? r - ^ Arrest at a Pawnshop. — On Saturday last, a man named Hugh Tindall took a gold lever watch jewelled in thirteen holes to Mr Samuels for the purpose of pawning it. There was something iu the man's manner which led Mr Samuels to. sus* p^ct him; he, therefore gatfe notice : to the police1, and Constable , Doyle on referring to the-, Police Gazette found that the. number of the watch cor responded with that of a watch stolen from Mr Gtaorge Payne; i of Victoria-street;- Ballaarat. The description of the man tallied also with that of the ? thief. On- being arrested the prisoner ac knowledged his guilt.— -Beridigo Advertiser, Sep« tcmber 6. ; , ? . ' '.-?'? CASTLEMAINE. . ; ;; ;': ; Another fatal mining accident is recorded1, as follows, by Saturday's. Mount Alexander Mail :-— r' Yesterday afternoon, a inari named; John Arnold . was working in the -3rive of a claim in the .Church of England reserve. At about four, o'clook, hia rnate came to the top, and remained there about ten minutes, leaving Arnold in the drive. On descends ing, he was surprised to find the drive quite dark, and, thinking at first that his companion had gone to sleep or unintentionally extinguished the candle; he called to him. . Receiving no answer bat what he' took to be a faint moan, he went up the shaft again to procure matchest On going down the se cond time he saw that the earth, whitih is very loose, had fallen in on top of Arnold. Assistance was at once obtained, and; when the man was, taken otttj he was , found to be c[uito dead. . Dr. Hutohinsonj who wits promptly. on, the spot, at once pronounced life to be extinct. Arnold, who, we are informed, has been working as a digger for the last twelve years, leaves a widow, bnt no family. It is said that the drive was very insufficiently timbered.' ?.,; Tuesday's Castlemaine Daily News calls atten tion to the fact that, by some unfortunate oversight, the day appointed for the opening of . the . Grand National Show in Castlemaine is that fixed by the Municipal Corporations and Lecal, Government ActB for the ' annual meetings' of .a!l local goternffififlS tlodieu afad fdr the election of p're'sicUnts of shiireS, iriayors of, boroughs and chairmen .of district road boards. The consequence will be that a great num ber of leading and most desirable men will not be able to attend. A bemous conflagration took place in Mostyn street, Castlemaine, on Friday . morning, of whioh the Daily News pives the following .account:— I 'At about two o'clock this morning, flames were : seen issuing from an old stable of Messrs Cobb and Co.., in the yard of the Victoria Hote', by Constable Welsh, who was then on the Mostyn-street bfat. The .flames rapidly spread to the afJ joining timber yard, the property of Mr Anderson,, of Mostyn-street, and soon nearly the whole of the stock was on fire. Fortunately the night, was calm, otherwise the conseqUenqeg might have been most disastrous^ as there are many adjacent buildings built of ver£ inflimmable material. Mr Anderson is insured in the Australian Alliance Company for £500, but he estimates his loss, judging from the last stock* taking, at £800 or £9uO;. Nothing but a few boards were saved. A horse was rescued from a stable adjoining, with only a slight burn on the hip. Tne store belonging to the Victoria Hotelj containing about £400 worth of liquor) was, totally destroyed, together with a skittle alley ana stable attached, the stable in the Victoria stables being the building from whence the flames were first seen to issue. The stables of Messrs John Henry and Co. were also burned down. The Bine Volunteer Fire Brigade were soon on the spot, and used their utmost exertions to arrest the progress of destruc tion ; but the Rod Brigade did not turn out,, nor could their engine be got at, it being looked up. It is said that this was done in consrquence of their having receivod what thsy considered' to be & slight from cue borough council} but it is hoped they will be able to offer some loss Nero-like excuse for 8aoh inaction. Several barrels of gunpowder, buried in a small cellar in the timber-yard, were rescued be fore the flimes. reached it. Several of the neighbors were much terrified and thrown into oonfusion. According to the provisions of the new Coronera Act, an inquest will be held, and, from inquiries, it is very probable some surprising disclosures will be made.' . ARARAT. Thb Ararat Advertiser Bays i — ' Stawell police records show that a man was fined lQs, on Wednes*. day lust, for having in his possession a tame eniu which he had run down thoughtlessly and captured, intending to preserve ife as a pet. ? We are inclined to think there will be a great number of conviotions under the new game lawB if this offence be punish able, in cases where a pet of this kind happens to have been captured and preserved in a tamo state, by the residents in up country districts.' A very singular occurrence is thus reported by Tuesday's Ararat Advertiser :—' We suppose' it is pretty generally known and admitted that the ten dency which all animals have to follow a leader ia developed iu no species so much as in the sheep ; but we believe that even in this pastoral country tho strength of development whioh this instinct possesses in these ? animals is not generally known1. One of the most remarkable illustrations of this oharao-' teristic which we have ever heard of occurred with a flock of sheep, about a week ago,- belonging to a squatter on the Wimmera. A large mob of about 4000 was turned out of the Bheds, after being shorn, to be shepherded on the side of a creek where tho grass grew more abundantly than on the plains farther back. While depasturing around or near a very large and deep hole in tue river bed, from which all the water had evaporated; ono of the flook, urged by some unacoouutublo impulse, jumped into it, another followed; and another, till the whole flook rushed to the spot ;' and notwithstanding every exer tion on the part of the shepherd; they pressed en masse into the largo bason till it wus literally filled with a moving masa of animal life. The pressing of the flock from behind rendered escape impossible^ until the holo was literally filled to its level with tho struggling shoep, When the mania died out — for during its oontiuuanco' the shepherd had not tho slightest control over the flock — they were driven from tho plaoe, but it was found that no less than 825 were emothered, or otherwise killed by the pressure. This accident seems tho moro unacoouut able, as wo are informed that there was neither water nor grass in the holo to tempt the rush.' The Ararat Advertiser says : — ' We aro happy to hear, from tho reports of travellers, that tho drought has not visited aliko all tho pastoral lands in this part of the country. The feed to the southward of Mount William is said to be looking splendid, and not yet to have finished growing ; very different accounts, we fear, will be received from the Mallee country, and in fact, in reference to most of the land to the northward and north-west of Pleasant Creek.' Hakb to Please. — It would seem as though Viotoria, admitted to be anomalous in many things natural, can even adduce examples in matters social which go to disprove that time-honored adage a3 to honesty being the best policy. This moral little bulwark of ours received a shock under the follow ing circumstances. Not long ago, and at an hotel not far from this, two shearers entered the bar and took up -their abode there, determined to have a spreej in the enjoyment of which they were of course 'to be lambed down in the usual mnnner. The money was duly lodged with the landlord,' who is justly regarded as being a scrupulously honest man in his dealings, and the ' enjoyment' com menced. Swags were pitched on one side, shears and sheds were forgotten in the luxury of drinking and shouting, and so the time passed in the alter nate enjoyment of cementing sudden friendships in the flowing bowl, or in sleeping when not in a mood favorable to that lively intercourse which the flowing bowl begets.' At the close of a number of days, the two revellers awoke from the keen pleasures they had been experiencing, and conferring to gether they concluded that they were clean lambed down, and should make another start to earn enough to commence a similar indulgence elsewhere. They waited for the appear ance of the landlord in the bar, and addressed him — ' Well, old un, our tin's all gone, but if yon'U just give us a nip to start us on the road, we'll hook it at once.'' The landlord gave them the required ' nip,' but informed the two worthies at the same time that he had eleven pounds of theirs in his hands which was not yet spent, and he would be happy to rpturn the money to them. ' What, and you mean to tell us we haven't been able to drink all our money all the time we've spent here; give us it. You're a pretty ? land- lord to lamb a man down.' With great indignation, they took the balance, and adjourned to an adjoin ing publiohouse, where they had the satisfaction of hearing that they had been ' polished off ' by the landlord before four o'clock the same day. That night they were allowed as a favor to sleep on the tloor of a shed, and the next morning, seedy, pen niless and content, they departed for fresh fields and pasture new. — Ararat Advertiser, Nov. 3. INGLEWOOD. Dreadful Accident. — On Sunday, a little boy of the name of Hackett, about seven or eight years old, residing at the higher end of Brooke-street, was hurt in a most shocking manner by a kick from his father's horse. He received the full force of the blow on the left side of his face. The bone was broken into a number of pieces, and several of these were found driven into the eye. Upon examination, Dr. Crosland, who was called in, found that the pupil was burst and the sight gone for ever, and he extracted several pieces of bone, one piece from quite at the back of the eye. The poor little sufferer experiences great pain, and there are but slight hopes that he will recover, the shock to the system being so great.—lnglewood Advertiser, November 7. TALBOT. A very serions fire occurred on the Mia Mia Flat, near Talbot, oil last Tuesday afternoon, about three o'clock, at wbioh time a fierce wind was blowing from the north.- 'For some time past,' says the Leader, ' a number of Chinese have been living at the rearof Mr Mumfbrd'fl store, their encampment consisting of sixteen tents, one of them being a store. The .fire broke out in this encampment, and in, Iobs than five minutes twelve out of the sixteen ( tents were destroyed. But for the exertions of a number of European miners who quickly gathered on the spot, the whole of the .tents would have been levelled with the ground. As the grass was damp, the fire did not spread, beyond the encampment '; therefore Mr Mumford's store, standing only a few yards from the spot, escaped injury. Much valuable property was destroyed, the store early falling a prey, to the flames. The terror of the Celestials when the fire broke out was truly pitiful to behold, and prevented them from making any effort to save their property. The total loss by this fire is es timated at.£700 ; and so rapid was the spread of the flames that. two dogs were burned to death on the chain. The origin of the fire is said to have been caused by a pot boiling over in oue of the gunny bag' fireplaces, the fat coming in contact with the fire \cauaing a large flame, which at one ignited the com bustible material around. The faot of the camp being Burrounded with dry boughs will account for the rapidity with whioh the lire spread amongst the tents.' Another instance of the culpable oarelessness so frequently evinced by those engaged in mining operations is given in the following paragraph, wtiich we take from the Talbot Leader : — ' An acoident, whioh might have had a very serious re sult indeed, oocurred . in the. shaft of the Mount Greenock Extended Gold Mining Company, the other day. : The engine was baling at the time, and one of the huge tanks, holding about 200 gallons of water, was coining up the shaft. The engineer wont to tho furnace, believing that ho would have ample time to return before the tank reached the landing plaoe. In this view of the case, however, ho was mistaken, for before ho could return to the engine the tank had passed the landing place and struck against the poppet heads, breaking the iron shoe attaohed to tho rope, and thus allowing the tank, without let or hindrance, to plunge down the shaft ; a distance of about 400 feet. . Alighting on the bot tom, it struck with suoh force against the water that the tank was literally smashed to pieces, and several centre pieces of tho well were forced out. Fortunately, no human being was in the, road, and equally fortunate was it that the shaft was trno from top to bottom, as thus tho injuries caused were comparatively slight, the total amount of damage sustained being only Borne £15. So alarming was the noise created by the fall, that the blookers in the Great Tunnel Company, the adjoining claim to the Extended, rushed from thoir work into the tunnel, believing that tho whole of the ground was. about to fall in upon them.' The Talbot Loader has tho following rclativo to the tragedy at the Green-hill Crook, Avooa : — ' Dstectivo Duly returned from the spot on Satur day, having boon engaged for nearly two days, with two black traokera, endeavoring to find a clue to tho solution of the mystory. Tho traokors, how ever, were unablo to make anything of tho spot, owing to tho immense nutnbor of footprints mudo in tho ground by the largo number of parsons who had viaitod the place since tho ooourronoo of tho tragedy. Tho polioo aro still of opinion that murdor has been committed, and aro undoavoriug to »?Jonr up tho lavatory,' .' . A Snake under the Sofa. — On Thursday, a snake, 5 feet long, was found beneath a sofa in one of the, sitting rooms at Beckworth court, near Clunes. Mrs Sherlock was conversing with Mrs Nichol and Mrs Bell, of Talbot, when h-8 snakeship emerged from beneath the sofa into the presence of the three ladies. Mrs Sherlock, nothing daunted, used her riding whip with such good effect that in the space of a few moments the interloper gave up the ghost. It appears that the same reptile was seen the day previous by one of the female servants, outside the door of the house, and an alarm was given, bat it escaped ; and, although an aotive search was instituted, its whereabouts could, not then be discovered. — Talbot Leader, November 7. MARYBOROUGH. A case of peculiar interest to friendly societies was heard at the Maryborough police court, on Monday. The facts are thus epitomised by tho Advertiser :— ' The Ancient Order of Foresters es tablished a court at Legge's Commercial Hotel, somewhere about the mid'dle of last year, and mat ters progressed very smoothly until a few weeks ago, when the court determined to hold its sittings elsewhere. The M'lvor Hotel was chosen as the new place of meeting ; and from what we can learn, the district chief ranger came from Ballaarat, in spected the new court room, and expressed his approval of the same. Tho Foresters, like other friendly societies, have divers mystic parapher nalia, books and furniture, which are kept in a large chest in the court room ; and as these are necessary for the conduct of business, it was sought to remove them to the new court room, but Mr Legge refused to give up possession, and hence an action for the reco very of same. Mr Legge grounded his refusal on the fact that legal application under the seal of the court had not been made for the property ; and it was alleged on the other hand that such application could not be made, inasmuch as the seal formed a portion of the articles detained. The solicitor for the defence raised a point that the court could not recover, in oonsequence of not being registered under the 'Friendly Societies Statute,' and this argument was met by a statement that such regis tration was not necessary, as the court was only a branch of the Ballaarat district, governed by the Ballaarat rules. The bench dismissed the case on the ground of non- registration, and a ' dead lock' is the consequence. ' No meetings can be held without the articles detained ; and the court is, in point of fact, in a state of collapse.' DAYLESFORD. Referring to the right of the Creswick electoral district to a larger share of representation in Par liament, the Daylesford Mercury volunteers some practical suggestions :— ' It is asserted, and with perfect truth, thotthe district is much too large, and contains too many important interests for joint re presentation ; that it should be subdivided, and that each of its subdivisions should have separate and independent members. Mr Frazer, at the late banquet at Talbot, spoke of the probability of four members being conceded to the district ; but if an additional one can be got, we think that will be sufficient for some years to come, and that any efforts made towards the object in view will be more likely to prove successful if we limit our aspirations to the creation of three districts, and the concession of another member. Creswick is capable of being cut up into three electoral districts, the eastern, the middle and the western. The first might comprise the present divisions of Daylesford, Franklin aud Yandoit, Glenlyon and Strangways ; the second, Stneaton, Kingston and Creswick ; the third, Amherst, Baok Creek, Lexton and Clunes. These three distriots would, perhaps, be sufficiently equal to each other in population and settlement to justify their erection into independent electorates.' KYNETON. A distressing case of poverty and want came before the Kyneton bench, on Tuesday last, as re ported in the Observer : — ' An apparently respec table woman, with two little children, both girls, was arrested by the police upon a charge of vagraucy. From the statement of the mother, Mary O'Brien, it appeared she had left Melbourne with the intention of walking to Sandhurst, where some friends of her deceased husband resided. She had been six weeks travelling with her help less infants, sleeping out at night, and sometimes nearly starving ; and as she told her pitiable tale, she mournfnlly added she knew not how to get further on her journey. In answer to the bench, she expressed a desire of getting back to town, and a subscription of 13s 6d was raised for her in oourt, with whioh she afterwards took a ticket by train to Melbourne.' BELFAST. It appears that, by some mistake at a late sale of Crown lands at Belfast, an allotment at Kirks tall, upon which was erected a Weslyan church, was put up, and sold. The following relative to the matter we take from the Belfast Gazette : — ' At the last Government land sale in Belfast some allotments were put up for sale in the township of Kirkstall. Some of these allotments, comprising two acres of land, had been permanently granted to the Wes leyanbodyof that place, for churoh building purposes, in the year 1855. The Wesleyans of Kirkstall have lately erected a neat little stone church on the ground, and it was only opened for servioo last year. As the superintendent of the oirouit, the Rev. Mr Hart, knew nothing of tho land being put up, no steps wore taken to prevent the sale, and it was ac cordingly disposed of. The purchaser commenced to fenco in the land, and we understand that this was tho first intimation of tho mistake that thG ohuroh authorities reooived. Tho Commissioner of Crown Linds was then apprisod of the blunder, when he immediately wrote to tho purchaser of tho land, informing him that it had been illegally sold through a mistake, and offering to return the purchase monoy. Tho purchaser, however, declines to accept it, preferring to keep the churoh. On Sunday week a number of men congregated in the neighborhood armed with sticks, ostensibly for the purpose of playing some games, but in reality to prevent the VVeBleyans from oc cupying the churoh. The superintendent of tho circuit wrote to head quarters tind received word to have ti gate ereoted. Accordingly a person was sent to put u gate in the fence, but had to dosist, stating that from tho opposition made ho consi dered that his life was in danger. On Saturday lust, the Rev. Mr Hart waited upon tho inspector of polico and explained the position of affairs. Ho was most courteously reooivod, and was inforinod that tho fonco might bo climbed ; and on tho follow ing day Sorgeuut King and uouior-ooustablo Tatlock wont out to the neighborhood of tho churoh. On tho m-onoh.Gr uppoiutud for tho day arriving to con duct the service in the church, not being provided with a warrant, the police protection could not ex tend to the enclosed land ; and as there were a num ber of men armed with sticks to prevent his using the building, he considered that it was too dangerous to attempt to proceed, and consequently no service was held. The proper course, we understand, would have been to have procured a warrant of ejectment, and we learn that this will be immediately applied for.' GIPPS LAND. The Gipps Land Guardian of Friday last, says : ' A party of Chinese, lasb week, started a fish curing establishment on the beach at Hastings, and on Wednesday last, no less than 2J- tons of fish were taken there to be cured. Now the summerseason is coming on, this establishment will be a great boon to the fishermen in the neighborhood, and when we take into consideration the large quantities of fish which are continually being spoilt from the inability to get them to the Melbourne market in a saleable condition in the hot weather, it is much to be wondered at that no Europeans have started such an establishment long since. The Chinese purchase the fish from the fishermen, cure them, and forward them to Melbourne to their depot, whence the whole of the up-country markets are supplied ; and weare informed, while they are 'making a power of money,' they are doing good to the fisherman of the district.' The Wood's Point Leader says : — ' The sudden stoppage of the works upon the road between this township and Jamieson, and npon that to Melbourne by way of the Yarra, is a disaster to the district of no secondary importance. Were we not assured that the suspension is merely a temporary one, the event would be unbearable. Already we hear of a rise in the price of provisions in consequence ; and, what is more, ef rumors of machinery to be coun termanded, and projects of improvement to be stayed. We are glad to learn that the borough council have forwarded a memorial to the Minister of Public Works on the subject.' WARRNAMBOOL. An accident occurred to Mr John Braim, of Green hills, on Friday last, near Kororoit, which termi nated fatally. He was thrown from his horse, and death ensued from concussion of the brain. The Warrnambool Examiner states that an inquest was held on the body of the unfortunate gentleman, on Sunday, when a verdict of accidental death was returned. The deceased was an old settler in the district, was universally known and was a brother of Archdeacon Braim, of Belfast. A few months before his death, he insured his life for £1000 in the Imperial. THE OVENS. The following account of the destruction by fire of the tobacco factory of Mr Henley, at Oxley, is given by Saturday's O. and M.. Advertiser : — ' This morning, at two o'clock, a fire was discovered to have broken out in the tobacco manufactory of Mr Henley, on the Ovens-river, above Oxley. Although the building is of stone, with a corrugated iron roof, the tire was so fierce that nothing was saved except half-a-ton of tobacco which happened to be under the press, and was saved by the activity and presence of mind of one of the men. The fire is thought to have originated in the stove-room or flue of the chimney. The stock and buildings are valued at over £2000, and were insured in the London and Lancashire office for £1600. The roof was, of course, entirely demolished, and the building, at one corner, cracked from top to bottom. Although Mr Henley's loss will not at first; sight, in view of his insurance, appear to be very heavy, it must be remembered that he will, through the acoident, lose his season. The misfortune is more to be re gretted as Mr Henley has done as muah as any man in the colony to forward the prosperity of an in dustry whioh is destined to be one of the chief re sources of this colony.' ALBURY. A remarkable acoident happened to a man named Henry Foster, at Straohau's Meraoket Inn. He was in the stockyard when a yearling bull rushed him and tossed him over the rails. Foster fell on his head and was for some time insensible. It was found the skull wa9 fraotured, but Dr. Wil kinson, who was immediately sent for, reports that no bones were broken. The head was almost driven into the chest, and the patient was in great pain and unable to turn his head either way ; but we understand the man's reoovery is not at all doubtful. — Border JPost, November 1. RIVERINA. Bushrangers. — Captain Thunderbolt now gets the oredit of doing all the bushranging iu the north, and though there are no special circumstances to eonnect him with the sticking-up of a magistrate, Mr H. Brydon, on the Barwon, still it is put down to his account. Tho affair took place about three weeks since. Mr Brydon was armed with a re volver, but as so often happens in these cases, his opponents took him unawares, and he surrendered at discretion. It is about time special exertion was made for the apprehension of those villiuns, or we shall be called on to report a continuanoe of rob beries and murder. — Pastoral 2'imes, November 4. Murder of a Blaokfellow. — Yesterday Mr Giles, P.M., hold an inquiry at Tooumwal, concern ing the death of ' Shepherd,' a blaokfellow. It appears that Tommy M'Farlaue, another black fellow, had a disputo with deceased, respecting a bark stripping contract in whioh they were mates. Tommy considered himself aggrieved, and stated his intontion of killing Shephord or being killed by him. Watohing his opportunity, Tommy surprised Shepherd when oamped with his gin oloso to Tur ner's public-house, and coining ou him unawares, felled him to the ground from behind with a uulla nulla. Tho weapon was mado of boxwood, and tho out it iniliotod was as clean as if it had boon dono by a tomahawk. Shepherd diod almost tiuiuodi ately, and Tommy went to Tumor's and said ho supposed he should now bo hung. Thore boing no polioo stationod there, Tommy was lookod up iu a room, but being permitted to go outside, ho gave log bail, and crossed tho rivor into Victoria. Tommy belongs to tho Tooumwal tribo, though it was a long tiino boforo this was admitted by his oluus men, and doooased was from Victoria, This mnno Tommy, it is said, killed a man about a year ago, but inquiry was not pushed, aud iu this instance tho body of deoonsod was interred by tho natives, two daya boforo it was oxhumod by order of tho authori ties. Tho blacks must bo taught to oboy tho law, thoy know its pcmuUiou but disregard thorn, aa ho froquontly thoy csoapo mmiahmout. ~ P-utorai Tiiiifi, Noyouibor 1, ? ? ? . ? 