BOW-WOW. To TOBY, ESQ.—SIR—I am, lite yourself, a dog, as perhaps the heading of this letter may advise you; hut I don't see why, being a dog, I should, in the proverbial sense, be treated like one. But I am BO treated, and that's the reason of my now addressing you. My indignation is excessive, and, but for my deplorable physical weakness, might he dangerous. To be brief, Sir, in the emphatic lanuage of the ragged individual who chalks the record of his misery on the pavement, " I am starving!" I am a victim to the double influence of bad legislation and imperfect social organisation. am chained up because the law prohibits my going at large, and I am not fed because butchers appear to regard demands for dogs'- rueat as something exceptional, and in nowise to be regularly provided for. Constantly do I hear the following colloquy between the mistress and the maid:— MIBTBBSS.—MARY, has the butcher brought doge'-meat ? MARY.—INo, ma'am, he haven't. MISTRESS.—What a tiresome man he is! Those poor dogs don't get half fed. And here I may remark that I speak on behalf of self and friends by whom I have been urged to forward this communication, and who, equally with myself, are suffering from the effects of insufficient food. I can come to no other conclusion than that there is a horrible conspiracy against the whole canine race, to cut them off from the face of the earth; only why don't they despatch us at once, instead of torturing us by a lingering death ? They don't even give us the chance of committing suicide. If we were let loose, I believe, to a dog, we should go and drown ourselves, or deliver ourselves up to the inspector, who would save us that trouble. I have not had a really good meal for eight days, and then I ate it so voraciously that severe gastric derangement ollowed. Tell me, esteemed Mr. TOBY, what becomes of the horses ? Do they live for ever in this country? I was told by an ld mastiff, who emigrated hither from England, that in that lessed country there- is a regular supply of dogs'-meat from an nstitution known as the "knackers," which is, I believe, an estalishment where horses give up the ghost, or having given it up lsewhere, are made to give up their skins, their carcases being evoted to canine sustentation. I think nobody has any right to ?oaBt of the social progress of the colony until " knackers," or some quivalent institution, is established. You, from your exceptional osition, no doubt fare eumptuously every day on veal cutlets and ew milk; but from the high character I have heard of you, I am ure your peculiar luxuries do not render you less capable of Bym- patliising with your unfortunate brethren who feed so sparingly. In the emphatic language of newspaper correspondents, let mo entreat you to use your powerful paw on our behalf, and insist upon butchers recognising the necessity of providing for our wants as no less imperative than those of our bipedal masters.—I am,-sir, yours, hungry and howling, ROVER. 