LIFE AT BADEN BADEN. From Notes by the Special Correspondent of the Daily ? Telegraph,) NOTHING SO opens and improves the mind as travel. '. He who has only seen his own country," says some- body, " has read but one book." Now, a man who had read only one book would be like that greatest of all civil, political, social, or military bores, the man of one idea and bores as a rule, should be avoided for the sake of the soul's health. A man who is bored loses his temper I have just travelled a hundred miles in a" coup, with a specimen of the bore maximus and when he loses his temper he is a bad citizen. Hence travelling becomes evidently as necessary once a year as an endurance of the waters of Vichy or the baths and oral nastiness of a German spring. The true "Book of Wisdom" saturday, and we should turn over a new leaf every autumn, and visit fresh scenes, and to quote again my author, " read several fresh volumes." Disciples of this theory, we all naturally take a ticket and are off. As London is generally admitted to be the very shortest way between any two points in England, so Paris is voted by the great majority to be the " turn- pike" of the Continent. You must pay so many francs there before you start on your journey. Con- sider yourself then, if you please at the Grand Hotel, having eaten the regulation dinners, seen the " Africaine, and, in a word, paid your toll. The traveller who leaves Paris by the Great Northern of France at 7.30 will find himself at Brussels, and indeed taking his ease in his inn, before 2 p.m., after a journey of the greatest comfort too. Of course the accident of a very close morning, and a very close old female who I am sure had on all her wardrobe, cannot be charged on the railway authorities and barring those little misfortunes, the transit left nothing to be desired. As we glided through the northern part of France, and entered the Belgian frontier, we saw traces of the most fearful storms" ; fortunately it is chiefly a grazing country-why does not somebody hunt it there are fair-sized fences-and so crops were spared, but trees were scattered about in all directions, just as you see them after an action, and indeed worse, for round Maubeuge heavy timbers lay uprooted by hundreds. At Mons every window was smashed, and the garden crops I were swept away as if there had been a cyclone. " You have had a storm ?" I asked mildly of a porter at the station. "Always one here every day," was the reply and indeed, one chased the train as we hurried on a great lurid clouds hovered in our rear, harassing us with excessive heat, to which my fat female friend materially contributed; but we beat it easily, and, counter marching, it seemed to expend its fury on devoted Mons. Brussels was as usual highly respectable, as clean as an invalid who has been dressed by a careful valet to receive visitors, and perhaps a trifle dull. Business, I was informed by an " intelligent native, was a fiction but money plentiful : however, I only mention this en passant, as I wanted none of the former, and no one offered me any of the " plentiful " latter. I further discovered that things were terribly dear in the Belgian capital, having advanced about 50 per cent, within a few years. Of course we went to see Saint Gudule, a faithful description of the interior of which I should send you, but that I am pressed for time, and cannot invent, and we could not get in still we thought of Henry Esmond and Father Holt, and, in truth, Thackeray now peoples Belgium as Bulwer did Pompeii. Colonel Newcombe and Clive, who was married there Mr. Osborn and his son, " lying dead with a bullet through his heart;" Becky, Dobbin, I saw them off, I assure you and if they are not history, like "Waverley," why they ought to be. Gladiateur having revenged Waterloo," I thought it unnecessary to go over again to the field of that great battle, where the very last eagle must have been ploughed into dust these twenty years, and which went out of fashion after the Crimea ; but I rejoice, as a staunch Tory, to see that the good old custom of visiting still obtains. At 8 a.m. came a stage coach-and-four, behind which a guard played " Pop goes the Weasel, and a lady, in" A crinoline of vast dimensions, then tried to do what never was done " in the good old coaching days," viz., get upon the seat behind the box. It is very difficult. In the days of coaches there were no cases." However, she was landed high and dry, and off went the ghost of the ancient coach to the tune of " The fine old English gentleman," to see the place where Shaw, the Life Guards- man, destroyed a brigade single- handed, and where F. M. the Duke did (not say, " Up, Guards," Sec, &c.; Only Crinoline and her husband were on the way-bill of the dreary vehicle going to see that effete spectacle. In the meantime, Brussels was alive with dogs idle dogs by scores (unmuzzled) barked and bit, according to their nature, if we may believe Doctor Watts, and ran recklessly in the streets, while " compulsory education " was crowding the parts with children on their way to school. But the children are avenged of these idle and jolly dogs, for the full grown dog in Brussels has his compulsory education too, and has to draw in brass pots, placed in little carts, milk for the breakfast of 300,009 Belgians who frequent the metropolis. I do not think anybody who inhabits great cities can be sorry to see the omnibus which is to take him out of Brussels. It is neat and genteel, like a wedge ware teapot ; but oh ! 'tis very dull. Away, then, we steam through comfortable, cultivated Belgium, with its thriving Birmingham looking towns, their pleasing suburbs, and the finely cultivated farms where the harvest is now at its height, but I fear with very unremunerative crops. We see the great plains where the heroes of Europe used to meet to test their science ; we glide past Pepinsterre, and reflect on the pleasant donkey rides of face and finally we get to the city of the thousand smells and the fare thousand Farinas, whom Providence has kindly sent them as a sort of " hedge." I was in eau-de-Cologne town exactly three-quarters of an hour, English time-I am sure "Coln "'time must be longer but I did a good amount of business. First I saw a Minister, from whom I heard much of the flourishing state of trade at Cologne, and the general peace and contentment of Prussia, After my audience, I cleared my luggage ; then I had some Rhine wine half-a-pint, with seltzer ; then I bought a book, and finally, I went to see the Cathedral. A modern cathedral is a bore ; its bones are always showing through its skin scaffolding, and scaffolding, and then scaffolding ! The old section is lovely with the venerable and matured beauty which is so becoming to architecture, and which renders that frozen music more harmonious than ever ; the new port is a cross between Westminster Abbey without its architecture, and Milan. without its splendour. The painted windows, both ancient and modern, are beyond praise, and some of the colouring of those made at Cologne is equal to that of the celebrated " Dante Window," Fortunately, it was the third day of the, festival of the; " Three Kings," and I saw-for nothing, its- exact worth-the.display of the gold shrine where somebody does not in the least lie buried. Of course, we were 'so highly gratified, and went on at once to Bonn. Now, if anyone wants comfort but not luxury service £044. apartments well-appointed, a plain dinner pleasantly served-why, I think, with my compliments, he had better not go to the Hotel de Bellevue. Of course there was a thunderstorm as soon as we got within sight of the Rhine ; it is as necessary to the scenic effect as the 100,000 additional lands, lighted every night, used to be to Vauxhall. " The weather has been bad am Rhine," said a party at Bonn; "damn Rhine," echoed I, incontinently, " for it's for ever a raining." The effects of that unlucky storm are presently to be detailed ; but now we are on the river. Please do not think I am going to- ia flict a description of this exhausted stream on the unhappy public. Ever since Byron discovered those imaginary-Lord Í how ugly they really are " peasant girls with deep blue eyes, and hands that often early flowers," society has gone on exaggerating; the beauties of a river which was extremely pretty when nobody had seen any other landscapes. Look- ing at the panorama yesterday as it was unfolded to my eyes, whilst I sat very comfortably in one of the excellent carriages of the " Grand Ducal Nassau Iron Rhine Road these carriages are very nice, with a choice of velvet or carried seats, six feet high, light, and airy I was reminded of an old story. " Hungry Dick "-that was his name then, and till he died with whom I was at school, told me he was so sure that an apple turnover, as sold by " Old Mother Taylor, was the best thing in the world, that, when he returned from the Cape, he went down to Ealing and bought one it was detestable. " You see," said he, "was so much older." The world is much older than when he first went up the Rhine which, by the way, is very like Dick's " turnover," insomuch that there is more crust than apple. From Coblenz to Bingen are the apples; but there is what vulgar boys call "a sight of crust between the rise of the river and its disap- pearance in the sea. So we hurried along the banks of the silent German highway till we came to grief. Between Rolandscck and Sinzig there had been such an awful storm on Tuesday night that the rails were washed bodily up, and an engine and tender coming on at full speed ran right off the line and stuck in the mud. Other rails were covered with six inches of soil ; the stations were inundated, and the employés were looking out of their parks for the doves returning from Bonn or Coblenz; for the wires were all smashed; all our luggage and one lady had so much that there were not weights enough at Bonn to test it, and she, as it were, " proved" her property at the highest figure all our luggage, I say, had to be removed and conveyed in a tent, and we had twice to get out and walk along the line in mud as bad as an Essex " plough." Figtree tons the scene. Ladies now travel in fancy dresses, and they had to flounder through the mud, their unhappy servants following in charge of the million, "necessaries" which are the attributes of a female "swell" in heavy marching order. It was a scene to remember-a social catastrophe which will long exist in the minds of those who witnessed it. " However, sooner or later, all arranges itself," and so, about half a day after our time, we made Wiesbaden, the wind blowing freshly S.S.E., and were towed into that harbour of refuge, the " Hotel of the Four Seasons." Before speaking about the social condition of the capital of the duchy of Nassau, I must say a word in praise of the civility and barring accidents the punctuality and dispatch of the employés on all the lines which conveyed your correspondent here. " Tempting Weisbaden," as I have just seen it elegantly called in a guide-book, is as " tempting." as usual, and I think a suspicion hotter than ever. The poor punters, especially if they have been lucky-the losers generally take things much cooler, and go off to the very best of suppers-are in an awful state of dissolution, and society generally seeks the shade. Perhaps for this reason, Wiesbaden seems a little dull. It is very full. The Russians are here, but not, I think, the " Grenadier company " of that division at least, I see no play which looks like Decides Orloff, Menschikoff, at once cruel exit in of." Americans were here last week in force, but they have made a sort of Bull's Run and gone to Baden. English? yes, they are here; but not the five bundled mean a twentieth part of what is genteelly and by Jenkins known as the " Upper Ten Thousand. "There is a medley of nations, but the result seems "nil;" nobody break the bank or is broken by it. Count Schwartycorftn plays his rouleau, end Briggs of New York his " nap " -how I do object to that word-and both lose their stakes ; but I sin obliged to confess that neither B. nor S. seems to care a kreuteer-you can't care less for anything and as for the " tearing of hair-," suicide, and all that sort of thing, why, S. wears a palpable wig, and viithiegard to the other and graver catastrophe, the by-laws of the tables would not allow it. I confess the only amusement I have yet derived from " the demoralising system of Christian rain still permitted in the German States has been obtained flora Closebst, of the " Prince's Particular." Close, playing with fair luck and pocketing the gold whilst he supplies the officials with their own five-franc pieces, suddenly says, " Get out of this, at once, old old fellow. See my confounded soldier servant taking chair at end of table. Punt his shirt off his back. William will do it every season, and I shall have to pay his book on the first. Bore paying servants' book, you know he has ton, and will have twenty thousand a year. " But you have won to-night i" "Yes, of course I've won, and should have had a good night but for that confounded gambler." It was pleasant enough to-day to sit by the shore of a placid, very placid lake and hear " Favorita " and the "Prophet" played by Prussians, who, if they cannnot keep faith, can at least keep time ; to see the Germans who affect Wiesbaden enjoying themselves with the very worst tobacco, and sitting, by a curious law of contrary, the fattest German is the tightest chair. Professors with fair hair, and cloudy as to fleshy attributes, and all wearing spectacles, clustered round the orchestra: I presume they were out for pleasure, but certainly appearances were against them, for they looked, what they call in Wiltshire "main dull." Elderly females of vast proportions, divided their attention equally between sleep- and knitting ; officers in fine uniform marched about- with a correctness of costume, and a stern military bearing which would have brought tears into tod eyes of any well-regulated adjutant. I was pleased to behold, for the first time since I saw them in 1859, some Austrian officers with the yellow facings, which, under the slang term "polenta," brought about such rows with the Milanese, Prussians were there, too, and Nassau soldiers and- and then your intelligent reader, especially if it is a readers and " a lady," will explain, " Divil a word has he said of dress." Well, I have not for in this particular vie full off at Wiesbaden. There maybe more vice at Baden, but certainly the locality is better dressed and as a mere passing commissioner, I would rather put up with the morally inferior phase of society. Quite wrong, Reverend Sir, or I expected Madam. I am aware; still such is the opinion of this individual, who has seen the ways and customs of many men and cities. We had one grand costume-we were proud of it-an heiress in muslin over blue, the toilette truly elegant, and to be met with in the best boudoirs ; her dress swept the whole side-walk as she come gliding down. Then they turned on a fountain, just as the receding sunlight came to the right-angle of the fall, and the natural result was a home-made rainbow. and the daughter of Thomas bodily descended to the gardens of the Kursaal, I confess I think she would have been beaten out of the field by the "get-up" above mentioned and "she would scarcely have created more astonishment among this simple audience than did the novel combination of hydraulics and declining sun. *"" Presently the band played the beautiful march horn the Prophete, which 1 dare say, while compos- ing, Me j ei been little thought would hover over him to the grave and be his own "Dead March ; " then, as if by magic, society resolved itself into thin cheques. They could not have been going to dine- impossible ! -they had all dined at 1 p.m. You can't dine at I and 5 p.m. Stop, though! I believe the" Germans do, and call it " breakfast " and " dinner." I would suggest to these noble eaters an "order " and a "motto' The "order" should be a " crowded platter proper, knife and fork crossed The "motto," "Oh for one hour of brave old Dando," who, I believe, ate more than any one in history. Be that as it may, as the Prophete died out the listeners lied, and were presently absorbed in the; new.' dining, drinking, and smoking places of the'cagitîl, of Nassau. We have an afternoon here which begins ,, - when the sun declines, and the bandmaster of his as' a Serene Highness the Grand Duke of Nassau's Regi- ment I am not satirical, he has got, I am told, several others declines to play. When this dark. .",'. time comes on us, were foreigners naturally go " >t home and see to the necessaries of life bathing, consequent dressing, dinner, and " Kerner, yet another flask of thy Rhine wine." And after dinner; asks the unpleasant reader. Now " after dinner " was once said by a very old friend of mine to be "quite a new day ;" so I think I shall reserve these revelations of the money, if they are " fit for publication, for the next time the post leaves ; but I, am not bound to peach on any one, ever myself, 4, . ' . - is 