TOPICS OF THE WEEK. We understand that tbe Postmaster-General has received a telegram from Melbourne stating that tbe Douglas has brought no mail from the Northern Territory. There were 13 applications for the office of Secre tary of the Wilkawat Mining Company, and that of Mr. J. S. Scott was accepted. One of the Directors, Mr. Cartwright, left town this morning with Mr. Ey, who has been appointed Captain of the mine, in order to commence vigorous operations tortnwitn. On Tuesday evening, about half-past 5 o'clock, there being no person in the bar of the Huntsman's Hotel, North Adelaide, some roguish-inclined person seized the opportunity, entered the bar, and extracted from the till the sum of £1 10s., and decamped. The police have been unable to ascertain the robber's whereabouts ; and it is not very probable they will, as the whole of the money stolen was in silver, and the landlord (Mr. T. Eldridge) is unable to identify any of it. Miss Edith Palmerston made her first appearance before an Adelaide audience on Wednesday night, at White's Rooms, which was very numerously attended. The entertainment, which is entitled 'Household Sketches,' is one which tries moBt severely the powers of any performer, and it is no Bmall credit to Miss Edith Palmerston that she kept her audience amused and pleased throughout. She possesses a clear sweet voice, has an excellent power of mimicry, and a great deal of dramatic power. Her changes of dress are extremely rapid and well managed, and her disguises very complete. The first part of the even ing was occupied with Ehe delineation of six characters — Mrs. Flintskyn, the keeper of a boarding house, and Jemima Jane, maid of all work on the same establishment ; Molly Griffiths, a Welsh girl ; Snacks, a deaf footboy ; Kitty Brusbit, a housemaid ; and Dickey Hartshorn, a doctor's boy. Of these perhaps the best were the first and the last. The Mrs. Flintskyn was an excellent imitation of a itnoiirliTKT-limiaalraana** nf tliA loan an*3 linnffpir lnnH with a sharp eye to her lodgers' food, and a propen sity for partaking ot it without their permission. Dickey Hartshome was also a good idea of a doctor's boy. His account of the manner in which the doctor's assistant prescribed for the poor patients was very clever, and the trial of a bottle of medicine, the destination of which Dickey had forgotten, and the contents of which he tasted, to see whether it was lotion or draught, was most laughable. Kitty Brushif 8 song, ' Where are you going, my pretty maia, was sung wim mucn numor, ana was deser vedly encored. Artistically speaking, the parts were rather too long, and thus an immense deal of work was thrown upon Miss Palmerston, which was quite unnecessary for the success of her entertain ment. Her songs were very prettily sung, and ehe threw abundance of humor into them. The second part of the programme con sisted of Miss Lucretia Tarquina Gushington's dramatic entertainment, in which the first character was ouancapcaios vjpuBlia. J.U1B w&s; a iuuuguv fully, conceived, and well- executed delineation of tbe great mad scene in ' Hamlet,' and the audience did not wait for its conclusion, to testify how heartily they appreciated Miss Palmeraton's impersonation. The applause was quite enthusiastic. This was the best character in the second part, the rest being mere sketches. Considered as a whole, the evening's entertainment reflected the greatest credit on Miss Edith Palmerston, who must have bestowed a vast amount of labor and pains in its preparation. Of ' course every one will take an opportunity of visiting White's Rooms during the stay of the accomplished lady in Adelaide ; and it will be indeed singular if, among all the different characters introduced by her, every taste is not gratified. In the Insolvency Court, on Wednesday, a second class certificate was awarded to W. Ringer, to be sus pended for one year. The B.3V. J. J. Weslwood preached on Sunday afternoon at the corner of North and East terraces, opposite the Botanic Gardens. The unusual occur rence attracted a large number of persona, especially of those who were on their way to the gardens. Referring to the operation of the Stamp Act in New South Wales, the Ooulburn Herald says : — ' The Government not only insist on taking stamps on the receipt of post-office orders above the amount of £2, but in issuing such orders Post-Masters are instructed to stamp them. As no extra charge is made for the issue of the order, and the cost of the stamp ia defrayed by the Government, this is vir tually paying out of one pocket into the other. As the electric telegraph department is made to return a gooaiy amaena Dy means oi we lengtny ana unne cessary messages which are sent by Government and supposed to be paid for, so it is to be expected the returns under theStamp Act will be made to appear more considerable than would otherwise be the casa by the peurile system referred to. The Government also insist on their officials giving stamped receipts for their salaries.' On Friday last, Mr. C. H. Goode, M.P., delivered his lecture on ' Reminiscences of a Trip to Italy,' in the District Hall, Hindmarab, in aid of the funds of the Institute. Mr. Pickering, M.P., presided. The lecture was attentively listened to throughout, and at its close the lecturer was warmly applauded, and a unanimous vote of thanks was accorded to him, as also to the Chairman for presiding on the occasion. On Friday afternoon as Mr. W. Leaney was driving a horse and spring cart along ons of the streets of Hindmarsh, the wheel of the cart came in contact with a hole which was covered in a sheet of water, overturning tbe cart and precipitating him headlong to the ground, fracturing his arm and bruising him on other parte of his body. Thete he lay insensible till some of the neighbors came to his assistance. Dr. Lane was soon in attendance and set the injured limb, and he is now rapidly recover ing. It is a pity that the District Council do not keep the streets in better repair and sot endanger the lives of the public . Our readers will be sorry to learn that Mr. Oreo. W. Francis, the well-known Curator of the Botanic Gardens, is confined to his house by serious illness. Mr. Francis's complaint is an aggravated form of the same malady from which he suffered each a severe attack some time ago. The ceremony of laying the corner-stone of the Telegraph and PoBt-Offioe, Wallaroo Bay, was per formed on Wednesday afternoon by Mr. Gavin D. Young, J.P. There were numerous spectators. His Lordship the Bishop of Adelaide and the Rev. B. T. Craig, who were on a visit to the neighborhood, arrived at the building a few moments after the con clusion of the ceremony. The structure will be of one storey, and will be 63 feet long by 43 feet in depth. It will contain a large office 17 feet long by 16 feet wide, a hall, a lobby, a messenger's room, five dwelling-rooms, and a store for chemicals used in connection with the telegraph department. The announcement that the Eev. William Taylor, of California, would preach in the Pirie-street Wes leyan Chapel on Sunday morning, July 23, caused an unusual number of persons to attend that place of worship. The Rev. John Cope, who officiated, stated that through the non- arrival of the Penola, the Rev. Mr. Taylor was not present that morning, but he thought there was every probability of his being able to fulfil an engagement which he should make for him, namely that of conducting divine service in that chapel in the afternoon, at half-past 2 o'clock. The Eev. Mr. Cope then delivered an excellent discourse from Second Corinthians, ix. 15. In the afternoon the Rev. Mr. Taylor, who had arrived just prior to the service, conducted worship according to announce ment;. The rev. gentleman discoursed from, the text in Acts L. 8 : — ' But ye shall receive noirer. after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you : and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.' He proceeded at length to speak of the command given by Christ to preach the Gospel, and of the necessity of receiving the power of the Holy Ghost to efficiently and efficaciously declare its precepts. He pleaded earnestly with his hearers to wrestle importunately with God, even as the disci ples did, to whom the words of the text were ad dressed, and who by a single sermon on a single day — the day of Pentecost — brought in thousands of converts to the principles of the Gospel. There was even a larger congregation in the evening to hear the Rev. Dr. Taylor. After the preliminary worship he announced his text from Ezekiel, xxxiii. chap. 11th verse—' As I live, saith the Lord God, I have no pleasure in the death of the wicked ; but that the wicked turn from his way and live ; torn ye, turn ye from your evil ways ; for why will ye die ?' Mr. Taylor in a very clear and definite manner, expounded the doctrine of free will, and made a strong and stirring personal appeal to each unconverted heart to receive the offers of mercy. That, he said, was the night of their decision and awful were the consequences involved in that determination. Eternal life and hap* piness or everlasting perdition and despair would be the result. At the conclusion of the sermon the congregation engaged in silent prayer, in the midat of which the Eev. Mr. Taylor sang a hymn of exhortation and encourage ment — a proceeding which, if somewhat unusual, had a very solemn effect. The rev. gentle man's manner is homely, quaint, and earnest, but withal attractive and powerful. His expositions are clear, his language flowing, and his appeals very practical and searching. He will remain in the colony, it is expected, for two or three months, and intends to work hard, if we may judge from the commencement of his ministrations, which it wbb - announced he would continue every evening (except Saturday) during the week. On Sunday evening, July 23, the honse of Mr. John Witherick, in Ottoway-terrace, Hindley-street west, was entered through the front window, ?while- Mr, and Mrs, Witherick. were at Pirie-etreet Chapel The thief or thieves raneaoked the house, and ob tained a few shillings from a workbox and . articles of appparel. Fortunately there was not a 1 large amount of money on the premises at the time, i The workbor was taken away, but has since been ? recovered. ' We are informed that a writ has been served on the Son. Charles Bonney, M.L.C. j the foundation of the action being, we understand, that he has pre- ! sided as a judge in the Local Court, while being a ; member of the Legislature. ' The Albert Bells Committee met on the 21th and ji transacted routine business. The collectors paid in i; several subscriptions, and they were requested to i] wait on the subscribers and get in the balance of sub- ' ; scriptions promised. i The receipts of the Penny Savings' Bank hist week , amounted to £16 12a. 10dL, in 166 deposits. Repay ments, £41 £15s. We understand that a large number of persons j met at the Criterion Hotel, King William-street, on j | Monday evening, to consider a scheme for the j ' erection of an amphitheatre after the manner of the - i world-renowned Astley's Circus, adapted to equestrian and dramatic performances. Several plans were proposed for the formation of a Company for the pur pose, but nothing definite was decided upon, and the meeting adjourned for a week. The Rev. William Taylor preached again in the Pirie-street Wesleyan Chapel on Monday eveniug, July 24. There was an exceedingly large attendance, and the rev. gentleman based his discourse upon the words 'We know that we have passed from death unto life because we love the brethren,' I. John iii., 14\. The sermon was deeply impressive, and was .- listened to with marked attention. At the conclusion a prayer meeting was held, to which a great number remained. The fresh beef, which arrived by the Coorong on Saturday last, was sold at the Port on Monday, by Mr. Charles JenkinB, by auction. A portion of it was bought in for the country, but the lot sold at the Port fetched from 42s. 6d. to 45s. per 100 lbs. The sale was considered most satis factory to the importers, and somewhat against their anticipations, as, when the order was sent over to Melbourne, it was thought the meat would arrive per Coorong in time for Saturday, when there is always the greatest demand by the trade ; and by losing that day it was considered doubtful whether remunerative prices would be offered, and a paying reserve figure was fixed, which, if not passed, it was deter mined to forward the whole lot to the country town ships, where the people are hungering after fat beeves as much as those in Adelaide. We are, therefore, glad to know that the lowest figure realized was considerably above the reserved price, proving that the trade are anxious to go in with this spirited scheme. We understand 14 more carcases will arrive shortly, and that a constant supply will be kept up, and a trade with Melbourne permanently established. A meeting of the Adelaide Football Club was held at the Gresham Hotel, King William-street, on Monday, July 24. There were seven of the members present, and the chair was occupied by Mr. T. McEUieter. The meeting having been opened by a few prefatory remarks from the Chairman, MessrB. W. W. Anderson, Gr. Aldridge, A. Malcolm, and J. IT. Phillips were elected a Committee for the present eeason, and Mr. J. Borrow was appointed to the office of Honorary Secretary. It was also arranged that a match with the Teatree Gully and Modbury Clubs should be played on the Adelaide ground at an early date. A wish was expressed by those present that all members would pay up their subscriptions immediately, as the Club's finances were not in the most satisfactory condition. There was a very large attendance at the Victoria Theatre on Monday night. The entertainments commenced with a new Irish drama entitled ' Kathleen Mavourneen, or St. Patrick's Eve.' The story of thU piece is briefly as follows: — Kathleen (Lady Don), an Irish country girl, is beloved by Terence O'More (Mr. G-reville), but becomes attracted by an offer of marriage made to her by Bernard Karanagh (Mr. Apple ton). After this offer she falls asleep and dreams that she is married to Kavanagh, that he treats her unkindly, and wishes) to rid himself of her. He alleges that his marriage is illegal, not having been performed by a duly qualified priest. TniB, however, is disproved, by the testimony of Father &Caamiy; (Mr. Musgrave), who states that the marriage was really performed by himself, and not by ^fictitious priest, as Kavanagh eapposes. Thereupon Eavanagh employs Black Body (Mr. Keogh) soA liis companions to assassinate Kathleen in a lonely'^len. The attempt is made accordingly, but is foiled by Terence, who kills two of the villains with a spade and throws a third and Kavanagh over a precipice. He is discovered in the act by Captain Clearfield (Mr. Roberts), a friend of Kavanagh, and is sentenced to be hung for the murder. . A very affectionate parting ensues between Kathleen and Terence before the execution of the latter, and the scene then changes to Kathleen's cottage, where she awakens from her dream quite cured of any idea of marrying Kavanagh, and joyfully accepts Terence as her husband. It will thus be seen that the drama is a mixture of the sensation pieces which are the fashion of the day, with a foundation laid upon the pretty play of ' Victorine, or I'll Sleep upon it.' It is, however, well put together, and there are some good ballads interspersed, including Lady Don's ' Molly Asthore' and 'Cashla Macbree ;' and some others, sang by Miss Clelia Howson and Mr. Grerille. A very amusing scene also occurs in the second act, between the Bervant Kitty (Miss C Howson) and her sweetheart, Billy Button (Mr. Macgowan), which took well with the house. The acting was very good throughout, and the piece is certainly one which will prove popular. The bur lesque of ' Aladdin, or the Wonderful Scamp,' con concluded the evening's entertainment. This was perfect in dresses, appointments, acting, and music, and formed a most amusing and agreeable afterpiece. It is a proof of Lady 'Don's excellent taste and judgment— though, certainly, not peculiar to this piece, for it is a characteristic of all her entertain ments — that she does not allow her Aladdin to degenerate into the ' little vulgar boy.' It was quite sufficiently the Rcapegr%ee, without being absurd or travestied, consequently its success was extreme; and, aa the other characters took the tone from AlafMiiij the burlesque was excellently performed, and passed off with the utmost spirit. On Monday evening Ashton's Anglo-Saxon Circus ?was reopened on the old ground adjoining the Freemasons1 Tavern in Pirie-street. Previous an nouncements through the advertising columns of the Press had prepared the public for a large and attrac tive addition to the troupe. The state of the weather was most unpropitious to attract an audience, but nevertheless the attendance was excellent, the Circus being quite full, although not, as is generally the case with this popular company, crowded to excess. The present company consists of the choicest members of the old company, which being well known to the audience were received with warm greetings of applause as they severally presented themselves in the varied exhibitions through the evening. The new accessions to the company include Mr. Bird, who without the least doubt stands foremost amongst his compeers, either those present or all others that have preceded him, in his astounding feats of horsemanship, ancLhis wonderful performances on the slack rope. Noising of the kind that has before been exhibited iij- Adfelaide, we are sure, has ever approached the accomplishments of Mr. Bird, whose feats are alone sufficient to draw a large attendance. The entertainments commenced with French vaulting by the 'whole companjA followed by Mr. Bird's posturing on horsebacBfTrhieli were succeeded by Mr. Barlow and his intellectual dogs and agile monkeys. Then folio wed young Calligan's horseman ship, including his wonderful flying somersault. Mr. Bird's corde volante came next, and then Mist Ashton's equestrian feats, which were followed by Mr. Barlow1 elever and amusing ride, entitled ' Punch's Carnival.' This concluded the first part of the entertainment. After an interval of ten minutes the performance recommenced with the Olympian Brothers, by Messrs. Bird and Stephens. Then came the famous chair la perche, by Combo Combo. Various other acts were performed, winding up with the humorous and laughable Donnybrook Fair ride. It would occupy a very great space to enter into the particulars of the whole entertainment, but we are glad to say that the exhibition that Mr. Ashton gave to his audience on his re- appearance on Monday evening was loudly applauded throughout — a sensible token that lie has lost none of the public favor. A correspondent sends us the following: — 'Ac- cording to arrangements the District Officers of the Albert District of Kechabites proceeded to Beverley on Friday evening, to open a branch of the above Order. After the preliminaries were arranged the candidates were admitted for initiation ; after which the following brothers were appointed officers of the new (Albert) Tent : — Messrs. Headdey, C.R., Oliver, D.R., B. Davies, Sec. ; H. Davies, of the Northern Star Tent, was appointed P.O.B. On the Brothers taking the obligations of their respective offices D.C.R. McKinlay gave them a few well-timed re marks as to the responsibility entrusted to them. Great praise is due to Brother Headdey for his exer tion in getting a sufficient number to form a Tent, sad we have every assurance tbere will be several more proposed at their first tent meeting. At the Adelaide Police Court on. Monday several inebriates were mulcted in the usual sums. A female unable to control her powers of speech had to pay 10s. and the Court fees. A man named McCavenagh was fined a similar penalty for assaulting a publican at Bowden ; and a fine of 5s. was inflicted upon a servant for neglecting to fulfil an engagement which . she had made. Pj^riday evening a collision took place on the Vwy Bridge-road, between two buggies driven re 'pectively by Mr. A. Ferguson, of Adelaide, and Mr. Richard Smith, of Walkerville. Neither gentlemen aad lights to their vehicles, and the night was very dark. Mr. Ferguson's buggy wa9 smashed, and the 3river thrown out over the splashboard, but he was not injured. Mr. Smith was more fortunate, his vehicle meeting with little damage. The Riverine HeraU, of July 19, says :— ' A sad occurrence took place on the upward trip of the Lady Darling, which will be heard with regret by the numerous friends of Captain Mace, the master of that vessel. While the steamer lay at Molang his eldest daughter Elizabeth, who was in her sixth fear, was taken with a fit. Medical assistance was procured, and the child rallied a little. The vessel proceeded on her voyage, and at Copdogla Station the poor little girl, who had evidently been sinking for some time, breathed her last. She lies buried in a pretty spot under a pine tree, at Paringa station.' We have to acknowledge receipt of a copy of a sermon ' In memory of Richard Cobden,' preached in the Unitarian Christian Church, Adelaide, on Sunday, the 9th instant, by the Rev. J. Crawford Woods. The sermon is an eloquent tribute to the virtues of the great man whose useful life has just dosed. We extract the following passages as speci mens of the style : — ' Richard Cobden was himself a truly religious maa — a practical Christian ; and he wed to say, ' You have no hold on any one who has ao religious faith' — ' the real pith of a man is his religion.' This conviction of the paramount impor tance of religion in the mind of a thoroughly practical man — one who was influenced by no professional bias, by no superstitious or fanatical feeling, and who [lao. iuo ineuua ui uuaarviug luo ujuuohuo ul vanuua opinions and sentiments, such as few men have ever possessed — I regard as most valuable, and worthy the consideration of those who may have looBe ideas an the eublect. It is, indeed, a conviction which men of great ability and with the most diverge turns of thought have expressed. With all his scepticism, Voltaire could say, ' It is absolutely requisite, both For people and for kings, that the idea of Q-od, the Creator, Rewarder, and Avenger, shouM be pro foundly impressed upon every mind.' 'In a word,' saye Hume, ' search out a people destitute of religion, and if such are found, be assured that their state will differ but little from that of the inferior animals.' 'Ah!' exclaims Montesquieu, ? though it were need leBs that subjects should be under the influence of religion, it would not be 'needless that kings should feel it* power, and whiten with foam the only curb which restrains those who fear not human laws.' So important did those eminent thinkers deem religion, regarded merely on the low ground of utility. Richard Cobdeu was a member of the Church of England, but a liberal member. Though a religious nan, there is no evidence that he ever paid much ittention to theology. Of Unitarianism he said, This is what I like in your body — you don't make jrour faith and your works distinct ;' and he paid the bllowing compliment to a class in our denomination, luch as I should be delighted tojknow they every where deserve — 'When there was any good to be lone in which I wanted help, I knew I could always ?ely upon the Unitarian young men of Manchester. ' A few days ago one of the Adelaide tele graph, reporters sent a message to the )ther colonies to the effect that the south. Australian Government proposed 0 charter a sailing vessel to proceed to Adam Bay, Northern Territory. This telegram at xaeted the notice of the Queensland Govern nent, and we understand communications have -een opened between the Governments of the iwo colonies. It is the intention of the Queens and Executive to establish a steam mail service -efcween Brisbane, Cape Tork, Coepang, and Tava, the service to be every alternate month, i-t the same time negotiations are in progress or a monthly, instead of a two-monthly line ; ind the Queensland Government are anxious to mow whether South. Australia would bear part ?f the cost, conditional on the steamer calling at Ldam Bay. The South Australian Government iave telegraphed to Brisbane requesting to be nformed as to the terms, &c;, of the suggested :o-operation, and no doubt an immediate tnawer will be forwarded. If the terms are at ill reasonable, aa arrangement of this nature rill be very desirable. It will be seen from a telegram in another place hat the Blanche is a total wreck at Wallaroo. The »oor Blanche has thus quickly followed her com lanion vessel the Tatala. It is also a remarkable coincidence that the same master was iu. command of lotk vessels at the time of their catastrophe. The following telegram from the Harbor-Master, Vallaroo, to the President of the Marine Board, [ated July 25, has been obligingly handed to us for lublication. : — ' Ships are riding now in safety, lialto has been dragging the moorings ; Omeo has tad a very narrow escape of being wrecked. She is lose to the beach, but the wind moderating fast.' The Protector of Aborigines has had orders to iroceed immediately to the Far North to make pro isions for the relief of the natives in that district. ?he Commissioner of Police has also received in (ructions at once to dispatch three policemen to orm the Police Station at Hamilton Creek. The Hon. C. Bonney, Mr. W. Cavenagh, M.P., ,nd the Chief Inspector of Sheep, are to be appointed 1 Commission to enquire into the state of the Northern runs, and the commission will issue rithout delay. It will be a paid Commission. The attention of the Adelaide Police Court on Tuesday was chiefly occupied in the hearing of a case -£ felony, which was utimafcely dismissed, against iVflliam Lanyon. William Hughes, a oar-driver, for throwing a stone at a fellow car- driver, with sufficient 'orce to knock him down, was fined 20s. A child of Bacchus regained his liberty on complying with the usual conditions, and a case against Alice Lindsay was dismissed for want of evidence to substantiate it. We understad that Mr. ~F. Vaux has been ap pointed to the office in the Treasury, vacant by the resignation of Mr. T, O'BCalloran. We have received our files of papers from 'Victoria ;o the 22nd July, and from the other colonies to ;orresponding dates. The intelligence is unim portant. We are requested to draw attention to the pro gramme of the Strathalbyn and South-Eastern Rifle association matches, which appears in our adver tising columns. On Tuesday evening the Rev. William Taylor deli vered a discourse in the Pirie-street Chapel. The rev. [gentleman will preach again this evening, and every Bvening during the week, with the exception of Satur day. The Wallaroo Times says : — ' The last remaining wood-burning furnace at the Smelting Works has just been converted into a coal-consuming furnace, 24 of which, besides those in the refinery, are now in operation, and turning out large quantities of copper.' The Echuea and Koama correspondent of the Deniliquin Chronicle states that the Murray river is rising steadily. Already there is water for the passage of the steamers of lesser draught ; and as the rain is reported general, and especially heavy in the hill country, a flood is looked foi. Sneakin? of the Dublin JSithihifnon. tha onrrpa. pondent of The Times says : — ' From the Australian colonies the collections are not yet thoroughly arranged, owing to the short notice they received and the great distance they had to send. South Australia exhibits samples of her fine wheats, for which she carried off so many prize medals in London in 1862 ; also a series of water-colour drawingB of the city of Adelaide and the mining districts. Queensland shows samples of silk, cotton, woods, and fibres. There is an interesting case in this department of colonial wools, in all their stages, with the manufac tured articles made from them, exhibited by Joseph Craven & Co., of Bradford. These thin all-wool fabrics are interesting, as showing the success with which British manufacturers are now able to compete with the French in this class of goods, for which hitherto they have had the greatest run. There are some marvels of skill in fine spinning in this case.' The Euston correspondent of the Riverine Herald writes as follows : — ' The lagoons, lakes, and creeks that are not running are literally teeming with dead fish. Great and small, all seem to have shared the same common fate. The waters are fringed round about with fish in every stage of decomposition, till they stink and are offensive. The thermometer has been as low as 26 ° , and the lagoons covered with ice an inch thick, bearing on its surface flocks of aquatic fowl. 