ENGLISH SPORTING NEWS. [FROM OUB OWX CORRESFOIfnEST.] Lokdo.v, 2Cth November, 18(34 The Newmarket Hougkton Meeting fell, unluckily, just at such a time as prevented my making any comments about the Cam bridgeshiro in my last ; and therefore I Bhall hark back now to the wind-up of tho season at head-quarters, a gathering which is far too important to be missed altogether, though, as we liavo been roffardincr for a innntli Tinst ntt n matter o£ history, it seems a.littlo out of date. AVith your readers, however, it will bo different t ''?.?'.'.'. ., '. Proceeding.? co'mmencedjas usual on the Monday, tho Cambridgeshire Trial Plate .bomg regarded with so little: anxiety as likely to bear up on the. chief event of tho morrow, , Tho talent spotted the winner cleverly in Sir Joseph Hawley's.Mcrry AVife, who won as sho pleased; 'and gave Sir Joseph's Cambridgeshire '. riag, . Columba, a strong lift thereby, as littlo as-25 to 1 being at one time taken about ' ' tho Columba with out tho /(/,' as tho ring-men 'called her to distinguish her from Tom ; Ollivor's nag, ' Columbia with tho hi.' Tho 'Criterion Stakes had fifteen starters, of which tho quality : has been' extolled, in my humble opinion,' far: more liighly than it- Reserves. Tho Duko of Beaufort ran twty Kccnig and i Tibia ; tho formerriiad to carry -a penalty of 01b in addition to hisjbeiiig stalq, as ho was bound to bo after being' hammered about as ho has been over since Ascot, always inthobest of company' and generally getting a place after a severe race. To expect Kccnig to win suohia roco as tho Criterion after all this work, was;to expect an impossibility,. Tibia is .very moderate. Tho Freneh: stable also started a brace, Lo Mandarin land. Gladia tour, both of ; which ; animals : ? seemed .to'havo' a good ' charic'o on; ?paper, and both 'were backed for a gooalump of monoy, especially Lo Mandarin.' Lord AVeBt moreland's' colt,. Brahma, was made tho favourite,' as this time 'ho had a pull of Gib ovor his.Doncastor victor, Alldox. Tho winner turned up,- however, in a comparative outsider j. ' for such was, Mr. .Baylor's. Chattanooga by Orlando, »ut of Ayacanora. Evorybody was glad to sod Mr. : Naylor £et a turn' again, for lie has. had a, shocking bod tinioof it this season, just aa bad 'as it was good last year. Chattanooga is a' very; lino colt, and won liko a lacohorao j but it must bo remembered that ho was quite fresh, and carried no penalty. Tho favourite, Brahma, was second, tho Duo. do Morny's Monitor third, and Tibia fourth — not form enough, I fancy, to entitle Chattanooga to tho position ho now holds in tho Derby betting. Tho match for COO eova each between General Peel and Paris, over the T.M.M. (about two miles and a quarter), Peol giving Paris 71b, oreated very little sensation, 3 to 1 being hud on tho General, who, though by no moans a glutton himself, would, it was opined, stay the distance better thau Mr. Ten Broeck's colt ; the result showed tho correctness of these views, aa General Peol won atlaatpositivelyinaeanter. Theweather proving line, the Heath was move than ever crowded on tho Cambridgeshire day, so much so, that it was a work of considerable dilliciilty and no little danger to got about at all. Lord Burlcigh, Exchequer, and Argo naut wero the only Btartoru for tho All-Aged Stakes, and as Argonaut elioso to jump round just as tho Hag was dropped he was left at the post, and the race was reduced to a match with tho other two, Lord Burleigh having h- best of it all through. After a match and an unimportant plate had been decided, the eight-and-thir±y .starters-came to -the post for the Cambridgeshire. Before the start, Stockinger came with a tremendous rnsh in tho betting, and at last had decidedly the call of everything, no wore than 100 to 30 being laid against him, while J 1 to 2 was Gratitude's price; and lOOto 15 was enrrently offered against' Brick, -who had declined considerably in public estimation, though Lord Stamford continuedio be very sanguine about him. The Highflyer's, dam colt was reported a good thing, and lots rushed to get on at 100 to 7 ; while Donnybrooks party bore up stoutly at last, and took 40 to 1 freely about their horsed Fully an hour was cut to waste before the immense field weie set a going, but tho starts when it was effected, was a very good one, Blue Mantle _at once rushing to the front, and making the running at a terrific pace— so severe, indeed, that a number of horses were . quite unable to live it, and amongst these were Tomato and Ack worth, whose riders, in the long run, found tho benefit of having exercised their patience at the commencement of the race. Blue Mantle held his lead for about half a mile, when hi3 bolt was shot and ho had to re tirei Saccharometcr going on in advance, but at a more moderate pace. After a short time Jemmy Grimshaw, taking advantage of Columbia's weight — Cst, on a four-yr-old-went in front, 'Sac5' lying next him for a Bhort timi when he . too declined, and Ackworth drew up. in waiting on Columbia, Tomato, at tho same time, coming out cliar of the ruck, and looking very dangerous. About this time Gratitude, who had been running well in front, fell back, and Columbia being passed by Ack worth and Tomato, it became evident that the' race lay between these two._ At one time, owing to Ackworth running oat a little, Baron Rothschild's maro had a trifle tho best of it, but Cannon— getting Ackworth's bead' straight once more— brought him up magnificently in the last few strides, and won by a head. Tho Highflyer's dam colt was a very bad third, and only a head in front of Columbia, who in her turn was about as far in front of old Twilight, a good per formance of the old mare's under Sst 91b ; Gratitude finished sixth. Stockinger never showed in any part of tho race, and Brick was ono of tho very last Tho Cambridge shire course is 1 mile 240 yards, and the time was 2 min. 0 sec. Tho value of the stakes was £2405, and the Marquis of Has tings, who purchased Ackworth after his running in tho Cesarowiteh for 2000 guineas, is said to have won £30,000 in bets. Ho presented his trainer, John Day, with £1000, and Cannon, the jockey, with £500. Ackworth, you will remember, was backed for a lot of good money for tho Derby, but not running up to his truo form, it was re solved to cut him, which was accordingly done in June last, and the operation seems to have hod tho desired effect, since ho ran third in the Cesarewitch, and won the Cambridge shire, struggling in tho gamest manner, to the end of a most punkhing race. ' So^ lengthy : was' tho card on tho Cam bridgeshire dayj and bo much time was lost in getting the field away for the big race, that' it was imperative to postpone tho last race set on Tuesday's card till thoAVedncB day, which brought tho number of events fixed for that day to fifteen, aud necessitated commencing at eleven o'clock. In*spito of the monster proportions of the programme, however, tho racing of AVcdnesday was un important, seven out of tho fifteen events being matches, which, ?with one exception, wero but of little interest save to the parties concerned. The exception was tho match between Birch Broom and Rapid Rhone, for 200 sovs a side, over tho Ab. M. (a short mile), tho Broom receiving 51b for his year from tho animal that in tho spring bo gal lantly defeated Lord Clifden; G to 4 was betted on the young one, who waited on the non-favourite all tho way, and won cleverly at lost On tho Thursday of the Houghto'n week ?was wot, and tho card was again crammed with a lot of trumpery races that might do very well at Hampton or at Shrewsbury, but which havo certainly no business to take up three-fourths of tho timo at Newmarket There was, however, a very redeeming feature in tho Freo Handicap, for which Cambuscau carried Sst 91b, Fille de l'Air, Sat 71b; Breeze, 8st; Baragah, 7st 101b;. and Master Richard, 7st 41b. Despite her crush-, ing weight, tho Oaks winner was made tho favourite, C to 5 being actually laid on her, while 0 to 2 was laid against Baragah, 11 to 2 against Master Richard, and 6 to 1 against Cambuscan ; while Breeze was almost friend less at 10 to 1, Fille do l'Air, ran a great mare, but tho weight beat her at last,' Master Richard's light impost enabling him to pull through, and Baragah to finish about a head in front of the French filly. The others wero not persevered with to tho end. ♦ A sweepstakes of 50 sovs each, for two-yr-olda, brought out the much abused Kccnig to meet Tusculanum, Cripple gate, and a (illy of Baron Rothschild's by King Tom, out of Giraffe, and consequently own sister to tho Giant' 4 to 1 was laid on Ktcnig, who cut out all the work, but was beaten in tho last few strides by tho Giraffe filly by a head. Coup d'Etat showed some line speed ;1 when, carrying &t; 71b aaa three yr-old, ho beat Old Orange Girl, 4yrs, 78t 101b ; Summerside, 4 yrs, 8st' 31b ; Almack, 4 yrs, 7st 71b'; and Twilight, aged, Sst 91b, over tho T.Y.C. ; Of tbo two classes of tho t Nursery Stakes run on the Friday) the. second) elasa, which was decided first, was won by a leggy,' lathy brute, called Popper's Ghost, thanks to tho fino horsoinan»kipof Jemmy,Grim9hawandto the flattering weight ho carried of Ost 91b; whilo Lord AVostmoroland's Brahma, a really food colt, rau a .capital second, carrying Sst 01b, or 291b more ,tlian tho winner. The first class of the Nursory was won, by Cam ball, another son of King Tom; who carried1 ton weight. Sst 101b. and nulled thrmiali- m good style. It is, I believe, intended that in future the Nursery at Newmarket shall not bo divided into two classes. ' Tho day's sports wero ? brought to ' a conclusion by a match at welter weights, Ditch In, between two steeplechasers, Mr. Chiidwick's Jerry, ridden -by Mr. Dixon ; and Mr. Rowland's Sir Stephen, under the pilotage of his owner, 12st each. 3 to 2 was laid. on Jony, who won. by a quarter of a lnilo. , -. ? ?' . -?? - Twilight wda d rattling favouritb . for the Handicap Plato over the Oambridgeshiro course, with which operations commenced oh the Saturday, from tho very prominent posi tion tho old maro hod held in tho big nice over tho same courso 'on Tuesday. Mr. Conolly, however, Btuck to1 hia now purchase, Sacoharomotcr, through thick and thin, and ?was rewarded for his excrciso of faith by 'scoinc the gallant black turn tho tables on tho old maro and 'win by half a' length, in Bi-iteof.kis groggy fore legs.;!' Fifteen mus tered at tho post for tho Houghton Handi cap over tlioT.Y.O., Coup d'Etat, notwith standing his monstrous 'load for a thrceyr old of flst 51b, was as good a favourite as any thing; but tho prizo fell to Mr; Payne's Trap,: '4yre, by Tho Trapper,1 with tho' redoubt able ' Jemmy'. up,- oarryingCst-121b ; Argo naut, 5 yrs, who was second, carried 9st5?b.' Old Orange Girl,' who made her lost appear anco in public on this occasion, was third, and Coup d'Etat fourth. Tho remaining events of this long weary' week's racing cali for no particular comment. ' Tho first of tho Autumn hybrid gatherings, by which enterprising lessees and creody owTiera contrivo to let tho season dio out quietly, took place at Worcester, and com menced on tho '1st inst with a. handicap on tho flat, in which AVarrior carried Mr. AVad low's colours iu triumph. The Hurdle Race, which camoncxt, had ten runners, AVestlind in AVadlow's stable beiiif; an immense pot ; but as, in spite of all AValter AVhite could do, she persistently refused to go near the iirst hurdle, her chance was put out at onco, Ui the no small chagrin of the large number of backers who had plunged to get on the good thing. Tho favourite being tlnis' unceremoniously disposed of, the race was left to Morocco ? for- merly in Baron Rothschild's stable— Ros» and Bowman, who finished in the order named Bowman, as usual, refusing to make an™ffort with Bob Sly on his back ;,a curious circumstance-forBob trains hini— but one which is, nevertheless, perfectly true. Mr. G AngeU'sLeoviUcby Claret, beat fifteen other two-yr-olds for the Nursery, and Lord AVilton's colt by Grosvenor, out of Ather stono's dam, bowlcd.over the two favourites Prince Plausible and AVellbeck, for the Autumn Handicap, as well as half-a-dozen other ' startera. /, Twelve ri Jsrs, ? of which only two were professional j -ckeys, Bporteu silk for the Severn- Bank Stees.lechase. Mr. Bidnood's Rattlesnake was sotted for the winner, but he had to succumb to Acrobat, an animal of unknown pedigree, who passed the post first, with Meanwood— beautifully steered by Young Ben Land— second, and old Medora third. ,. :..?'? ?? ? ? ? ?_ _ On the AVednesday, little Jemmy Gnm shaw had tho intense gratification of 'doing' his big brother Harry, by tho shortest of heads in the. opening event, Jemmy riding Lord AVaton's three-yr-old filly by btock-' well, out of Lady Evelyn, and Harry Gnm shaw being on Lord Batemau's Queen of Trumps. The lucky little 'Griminy' also landed the. Autumn Flying Handicap on Sir ' C. Rushout's Cednc, . beating Count Batthyany's Arandervclde and fourteen others. Seven only faced the starter's flag for tho Grand Annual Steeplechase, and Ben Land, who was at his horso from beginning to end, just managed to shove 'Jerry first past the post, with Rattlesnake second, Joe Maley, who was going strong and well at tho tune, and looking all over a winner, having run against a post, by which his rider, Page, was thrown, and a good deal injured. ; Mr. Rowland's mare, Ocean AViteh, won the Free Handicap Steoplechasa . .'.,.. ?;-'?? ; ?- . The Shrewsbury broad sheet was of more colossal dimensions than ever, and showed that neither Mr. Frail's popularity nor his tact as a- caterer for the public is on the wane. Happily for the patience of your readers, most of the events were of the leather-flapping order, and need no recapitu lation.; but the meeting will always be memorable for the seventy of tho contest between George Fordham and Jemmy Grim shaw for tho premiership in the list of win ning jockeys at tho end of tho season. Some time ago, Fordham laid Harry Grimshaw £100 even that ho (Fordham) won more races than Harry's brother Jemmy, and as Ford ham has been facile princejis for Bome ycara past, tho bet looked rosy. enough for him when it was made'; but 'Gnnimy' has had such a -wonderful run of luck since then, that he is now at the head of, the poll by a long way, and feels as confident of defeating 'Mr. George,' as 'old Abo' was of beat ing M'Clellan. At Shrewsbury both tho competitors made, torrifio numing, the pair winning no less than ? twenty- three races between them; of' which the light-weight scored 13, and Fordham 10. . ; Tho style in which- Dr. Syntax defeated Oldminstor, the GrpBveuor colt, and Honest John, , for tho Guineas, rather astonished most of us, and proved him to havo been 'Amending fast' of late. Mr. Cherry's Birdfinder, too, showed fino form in beating Attraction, Persuasion, Coup^ d'Etat, Paris,' aud Queen of Trumps , in the Shobdon Court Stakes. Dunkeld won the; Cup, . having old' Balhani for second best, while Tcnoriffe, tho favourite, 'novercamo a nigh.' It was only like an exercise gallop for Cambuscan to bowl over Catalogue, Lord Bnrlcigh, and Moulsey for, tho Newport Gold Cup, and thereby to land the 2 to 1 that was laid on him. 'The extra stone Dunkeld hod to carry in the Column Handicap enabled Teneriffe to turn the tables on him and get back for tho Danebury party some of their previous ? losses. The croBs-country events here, were very rub bishy. Fast following on; tho heels of Mr. Frail's monster assemblage comes Mr. Merry, on whoindovolvcs the honour of lower ing the curtain on the racing season of 1S64, which, as I write, is in extremis, to the no small gratification of those who havo been 'working tho mill' incessantly for tho past ten months. Twilight, with tho aid of 'Mr. Edwards' as her pilot, landed the AVelter Cup easily, and justifiod herfriends in- having made her the favourite, but no one expected that 'Johnny Cotton' — as they call Jarni coton — would finish next to tho old mare, and in front .of such horses as Balliam, Lord Burleigh, Tho Plover etc., it 'seems as if Johnny Tiked big weights, though his leggy conformation- would never -have led ono to expect him to shine in this particular line. Good as (Birdfinder is, ho wasn't . good enough to giyo Gemma a year, and half a stono in weight, and Harry Grimshaw— who rodo Gemma ? for' Lord Stamford— was enabled to .' return the comnlimGiifc' liis in. vincible little brother had paid him at Wor cester, by beating Birdfinder and four more very easily.-— Dr.- -Syntax gavo a 'further proof of hia quality by ?winning tho Midland Counties' 'Handicap without an effort, but having, it must bo ' confessed, only a moderate field behind him. Doubts arc beginning to bo openly ex pressed as to whether the Alexandra Pork racecourse will bo ready for its advertised meeting ; next summer, in the week after Ascot ; but as money can dp anything — and it is said there is 'plenty of tho stufF°at the back of the Alexandra Park; Company— I, for one, . expect to seo tho programme- carried out' . ? , '? ??' ' ? , ... ' ? '' . Tho obituary for tho' month in ; tho sport ing world includes Mra.'-.H. Goater, the wife of the well-known trainer, .old Sam Mann, tho jockey, most of whose contemporaries, Ro binaon,Nat, Frank Butler, 'Arthur Paris, 'tho Vicar of AVakofield,' otc.,ctc., had previously been; gathered to tho '''happy hunting grounds ;' and Mri'' Mduntifort Longfield, of Castlo Mary, Ireland, tho owner of Blarney, Caroline, (and 'Union Jack; aa: well 'as of Gem of tho Sea, the winner, of tho Hunt Cup at Ascot this year. Mr. Longfield died in a Turkish/bath, in tho taking of which ho had latterly .indulged to an injudicious extent. Of. courso tho advocates of ? tho Turkish bath system avor. that'.' tho deceased gentleman nnghthayo died juBt tho samo,if-no hadn't been in tho bath. Tho argument is unanswer able, spfar as it ,goes,:but by a .parity of reasoning it might bo' urged' as a ; defence' of capital punishment that possibly Mtillor might havo died tho other morning, if ho had not been hanged.^ It ia possible, but not lirobable. | ? :; - ???'?' -; ' AVo havp lost another good sportsman in a different 'sphere of lifo-inpoor John Leech, whoso unexpected death has been felt every where as muoh as Thackeray's was eleven montlis ago. Leech was n thorough sports man, andluiow well tho form in which both horso nnd hoiind should work, aa his numerous hunting sketches in Punch, and his happy illustrations of the late Mr. Surteo's works show, Indeed, it was in his sketches of women and horses that Leech especially excelled. His loss must be almost irrcparablo to Puncii. It is a singular fact that tho first paper on which poor Leech was employed was BdCs Life in London, which journal, a quarter of a century ago, used generally to havo a woodout or two in it. Every orran of the English press has paid a well-merited tnbuteto Leech ; but the memoir iu mcmoriani which appears in tho Illustrated Na-:s, of 19th November, from tho pen of Shirley Brooks, is done in tho latter'a very best stylo, and is wo'l worth reproduction. Tho hunting season opened badly, owing to tho long-continued drought, but it haa improved aince tUo wet came. Accounts from Melton and Leicestershire generally state that a brilliant season ia expected, and that houses, lodgings, stabling, etc., never wore in so great demand as thia year. There havo been an unusual number ot serious accidents, owing to the hardness of the ground j including, amongst othera, Harry Ayris, huntsman to Lord Fitzhaidinge the Duke of Hamilton, Captain aillespie, ute. »u'J'l1,CT? lmvc 1)een no verv fc'ny doings in the 1 . R, siiico my last. Bingey Rowe beat halmon, of Manslield, towards tho latter end of October, by sheer gamencas and hard Hitting; and tho match between those two old uns, Bos Tyler and Georgo Crockett came off on tho 8th instant, aud ended hi Grocketti ftfv 25 rounds, going down with out a blow, and of course losing the fighfj The Championship Match progresses, and looks 'healthy.' Both men are hard at work. 