A GOOD FIGHT IN THE BATTLE OF LIFE. CHtAPTER LIII. Yo good distressed, Yo noble few, who hero contending stand, Beneath's life's pressure, yet bear up awhilo, And what your bounded view, which only saw A little part, deemed evil, is no more. -TnonsoN. THuiE is an old saying that every shot which levels one man elevates another, and Frank was now to be an instance of the fact. Mr. Freestono at once intimated his inten tion to promote him to the official stool vacated by the dismissal of Mr. Cleverdon, and though Frank, while flattered by the offer, was so conscious of his comparative inexperience in the higher branches of commercial knowledge which the situation required, as to shrink from its responsibilities, the builder overruled his objections as he would have done a falsoe entry in his cash-book, and insisted on the thing being done. "I know there are matters that you aro not acquainted with yet," he said; "there must be time for all things; the world was not made in a day, and that rascal was clever in his business; there is no gainsaying that. But I know you. You will master it all in its turn, as you do everything else you set about; and in the meanwhile, whenever you find yourself in a fix, come to me. Don't say a word more about it, now, or you will vex me. Here have you been saving me from a system of plunder that would have been my ruin, in the long run, perhaps; and, I am sure, the least thing I can do is to put you in the berth that the scoundrel has left open for you. So you shall take possession of it at once. His salary was a hundred and twenty a year; but I must do something to mark my sense of what you have been doing for me. I must, I tell you, and I will. So, we will put you down at a hundred and thirty to begin with. And now I have got some heavy estimates to pre pare, and I shall not stir out of the counter all the rest of the day. So, you see, I shall not want you; for, if anybody comes, I shall be here to attend to them, and you had better run home and tell your mother all about it. And you need not come back any more to day, for I shall be here all the morning, as I said. Now, don't get thanlking me. It is I that have to thank you, and I always shall." The honest pride of conscious integrity will often enable a man with fortitude, if not without pain, to see himself misunlderstood by those around him, his actions misrepresented, his motives maligned, and his whole course ridiculed or denounced, when he feels that it should have been praised or honoured. But though a man may thus bear up firmly against the adverse verdict of his fellows, it is not the less a proud gratification to us all when that verdict is in our favour. However we may pretend to despise it when it denounces us, and however we may stooeel ourselves against it when we know it to be unjust, none of us, at the bottom of our hearts, are insensible to the good opinion of our fellow-creatures; and, evsn with the consciousness of doing right, we are more gratified when they praise than when they blame. "Virtue," says the axiom, "is its own reward ;" and, to a certain extent, no doubt it is. So is a general's consciousness of having saved his country in an hour of peril; but no man objects, in the latter case, to the adjuncts of a marshal's baton and a peerage, and the «;,nrr,F hr? 11? , .1........1 .I,.1.,. I.... ". ? ,.. '..1,. and glory. Praise is the oil, without which the lamp of virtue, though it may burn, will not shine so brightly; and Frank was but a type of his kind when he felt the delight which he had experienced at becoming the instrument of rescuing virtue from the grasp of vice, and evincing his gratitude to his kind employer, much increased by the assurance that Mr. Freestone appreciated his conduct, and was sensible of how much he owed him. His gratification received further addition from the fact that Lucy would, without doubt, know that she would be indebted to him for much of the comfort of her after life, and (might sometimes, even in the midst of her happiness with Gaylove, have a kindly thought for him in return. Frank's nature was too noble for any feel ing of self-elation at the comparative wealth which his new income would insure him; but he thought with joy on the delight with which his mother would receive the news of her child's good fortune. Nor could he help drawing one or two golden pictures of the happiness they would share together, now that, by the blessing of Providence on his in dustry and good conduct, the struggle with adversity was over, and a future of comfort and innocent enjoyment rose up in a long and charming vista to the view of both. And the pictures became realities; the vista, as long and as charming as even fancy had painted it, was trodden by mother and son in sweet companionship: she, proud of her boy, and of the position which honest in dustry and rectitude had won for him, and less gratified that her declining years were surrounded by comforts to which her earlier ones lhad bee' strangers, than that she Sowed it all tr him; and hlie dwelling with overcharged nheart and swimming eye upon her smiling face, and humbly thanking the Great Disposer of earthly events that, however it might be needful that he should, in other ways, undergo the discipline of trial, it was, at least, permitted him to cast a gleam of sunshine upon the shadows which hung upon his mother's path, and gild the evening of her days with a ray of brightness which their morning had never known. One thou ht often suggested itself to the minds of both. Could the husband and father, who had been so long forgetful of his duties, but be brought back to the home he had abandoned, and-if it might mercifully be-a penitent and altered man, how joyfully should he be received, how carefully should every allusion to the painful past be shunned, and how tenderly and affectionately should he be wooed to forget his former sufferings in his present comfort! But of this there seemed to be no prospect. Every effort within their power had been made to trace him, but without success. All advertising, all inquiries of persons likely to afford information, which were incessantly and untiringly made, both by themselves and by Annie Browning in her more advantageous position in London, were also alike made in vain. Whether he had fallen a victim to his vices, or still dragged on a miserable existence in the midst of wretchedness and degradation, were mysteries which no effort could clear up; and though the subject was too painful to be made a frequent matter of conversation between them, it hung darkly and heavily upon the hearts of both. CIIAPTER LIV. I have met with much injustico in this world, No difference has been mado by any power 'Twixt good and evil; as regarded me I am cut off from thi' only world I know: From light, and life, and lovo, in youth's sweet prime. You do well, telling mne to trust in God. I hope I do trust in Ilim. In whom also Can any trust? -SHELrY We have suffered the reader to lose sight of Henry Caroly for some time, because it ldones not form part of our design to enter into the details of convict life. The subject has been already treated in more appropriate forms; and the public mind has been long since disabused of the once pretty general misconcep caption, that transportation was rather an im provement than otherwise on the the condition of the working man at home. It is now known as having been the stern, though just, punisher of crime, and one that offered overy aid it was in the power of terror to afford, as a safeguard to virtue. But though we have been so long silent respecting Carely, we trust the reader has not lost all interest in his career of simple, straightforward, ill-requited honesty-a aenreer which offers an additional illustration of the remark that truth is oftentimes "stranger than fiction," all the leading features of it being founded on fict. It has now become necessary that we should give a brief glance at his fortunes, in order to bring his history up to the level of that of the other persons connected with our narrative. Seven years had elapsed since hlie stood at the bar in the town-hall at Oakham; and these years had dlone twice their usual work upon him. It was not that his convict life had been one of peculiar hardship, for it was the custom to allot the services of the con victs to those persons in the colony who desired them, and it had been his fortune to be consigned to a kind master. lis uniform good conduct, and the winning gentleness of his manners, had soon conciliated the good will of those around him, and that good-will had taken the natural form of softening, as fa' as might be, the harsher features of his position. But there was that in the position itself which was beyond the reach of amelioration, and on which all the soft appliances of kind ness fell like oil upon the rock. With a heart as full of high and honorable feeling asno if it were beating in a prince's breast, he saw himself a degraded outcast; with an integrity which had never suffered him to wrong his follow-man, even in thought, he was stigmatised with the name of felon. His prospects were ruined, his hopes were withered, his reputation was gone, his loved one had fallen from his side in the hour of his anguish: what marvel that his heart was crushed, and that, when the past was but a torture, and the future a hopeless void, the present should be a dreary desert? His manners were gentle, for they were the index of his nature; his conduct was unim peachable, for he would have shrunk from giving, by the slightest irregularity, an ap parent confirmation of the justice of his con viction; but the pitcher of joy had been broken at the fountain; the heart which, from the very overflowing of its oheorfuhlnoss, had alwvays a smile for the cheek, and a light word for the lip, was now sad and heavy; no smile ever visited his face-its fresh and brilliant colour had given place to an unhealthy pale noss ; and the eye which had ever looked equal and superior frankly in the face, with the easy freedom of honest independence, now feared to raise its glance from the ground, lest it should encounter either a look of con tempt, or of that pity which is said to be akin to it. The entire man was changed; and not more so in his outward demeanour than in the hidden man of the heart. His first feelings had been those of utter prostration. Time, however, was doing its usual work; and if it could not close up the rents of the ruin, began to hide them under a covering of ivy. Then that religion, which had been the chastener and the guardian of his joy, be came the sweetener and purifier of his sorrow. He ceased to rebel against the will of the All-wise Disposer of events; and feeling assured that his chastisement, though severe, was yet inflicted in love, and that it was through so stern a trial that the dangerous facility of his character was to be strengthened and ennobled, he set himself cordially and prayerfully to co- operate with the work. The result was soon apparent in a quiet and unobtrusive, but unyielding firmness, which, had it been exhibited at an earlier period of his life, would have saved him from the gaol of Oakham, and the convict life of Van Diemen's Land. But, though the self-respect which the approbation of conscience never fails to bring had restored serenity to his countenance, cheerfulness was still banished from it. However his present conduct might be commended by his superiors, it was regarded as reformation only. His previous guilt was still believed; the brand could not be removed from his name, the iron was still in his soul, and the pain of its rankling never passed from his face. His words were few, his manner shy and timid; and though he was evidently grateful for kindness, even kindness could not draw him out of his habitual reserve, and he scrupulously shunned all intercourse which could be avoided without a sacrifice of duty. Of course, he had much to contend with from his fellow-convicts, and it was only after a long course of alternate temptation and scurrilous abuse that he succeeded in fully shaking off their loathsome companionship, and in being left to the luxury of their silent contempt. His former friend, and present fellow sufferer, George Ringer, had been one of the most prominent in the endeavour, as hie ex pressed it, either "to laugh, shame, or scare the saint out of him;" but if he had not suc ceeded in earlier days in tempting him beyond an imprudent familiarity, he was not likely to be more successful now that the only weak point of Carely's character had been purified in the furnace. Indeed, Ringer's own example would have afforded no weak antidote to his poison, for he had become thoroughly reckless, and had sunk from one depth of degradation to another, till even the low state of morality which prevailed around him was much above his standard. The better order of convicts shunned him; the authorities warned, threat \- --_ .. ..::. .o. res. .7 enod, and punished in vain; and his face bore witness to the abject state of poor humanity, 1 when the lamp of the soul has gone out. 1 In a state of society like that among the conviots of Van Diemen's Land, there was no i lack of depraved associates to encourage him ] in his downward path. This had now, indeed, become the curse of his existeonce; for as we have already seen, he closely 1 resembled Carely in pliability of character. i There was, however, this marked difference 1 between them-that Carely's principles being both pure anti firm, his yieldingness extended' merely to things innocent in themselves, and culpable only by construction; while Ringer, in the constitution of whoso character nothing worthy of the name of principle seemed ever to have had place, was easily to be tempted to any amount of guilt; the degree of it, in fact, depending entirely on the character of those with whom he happened to be associated, and the nature of the temptations held out. Hence the same event- the trial at Oak ham-which had made Carely a wiser and a better man, had plunged Ringer into deeper degradation, and rendered him more hardened in depravity than before. We have seen that the latter owed his first initiation into crime-at least, into penal crime-to the evil counsels and examples of his early associate Mason; and, as if his evil genius had followed him from the Old World to torment him again in the New, he had now formed a close connection with a man called Joseph Thompson, whose name has been already before the reader, and who had since been transported for burglary, which was said to have been accompanied by circumstances of a very aggravated character. This man, on his first appearance among them, had endeavoured to cultivate Carely's society; but his manners, habits, and cha racter had alike caused the latter to recoil from him with a disgust which, now that bitter experience had taught him firmness, he made no effort to conceal. With Ringer, however, the now comer had been more suc cessful. They soon became as intimate as the restrictions of their position permitted, and the natural results had followed. From that time Ringer's excesses had gradually become more marked and flagrant, till, at the period of which we now speak, lihe soemed to have fallen to as low a level of moral degradation as Joseph Thompson him self, byond whose depth it was not considered possible to go. On these worthy associates Carely came suddenly one evening, as he turned the cor nor of a street on his way to execute an errand for his master. The collision was so direct and unexpected that it was impossible to avoid them. With Thompson, indeed, this mattered but little, for he had beeoon accustomed to pass him as an utter stranger, careless alike of the angry scowl or the muttered imprecation which sometimes reached his ear as he went on. The recollections of earlier and happier days, however, had always made him prefer eluding Ringer by giving him- Sthe "cut indirect." But there was no help for it now. The character his former friend had acquired in the colony, and the person by whom he was accompanied, warned him not to peril his newly-earned reputation by being seen in his society, lie had already suffered enough from temporising to teach him to avoid even the appearance of evil. He elevated his head averted his eyes, and passed on with a deter mined step. Thompson 'witnessed the noaction with a slight sneer, but Ringer, who was the nearest of the two, caught his arm with a force which compelled him to pause. "Hallo ! what's all this about?" lie said; "cutting an old friend like a dog ! Isn't George Ringer good enough to speak to, I should like to know?" " Of course he isn't," remarked Thompson; " Carely's a saint, and you're a sinner, you know. You was logged for sheep-stealing, he is only out here as a swell for his own pleasure. That makes all the odds." This taunt brought Carely's blood to his cheek. " If I was'eenrtenced for a crime," he said, with a quivering lip, though his voice was calm and distinct, "I was at least innocent of committing it." "Of course," returned Thompson, with a coarse laugh; "we are all a set of the worst used coves on the face of the earth. 'You don't suppose I did what they nabbed me for, do you? Only my jury were a set of fools, and the witnesses all perjured rascals, just like yours." "I speak only of myself," replied Carely, firmly. "I cannot recall the past, but I will never hear my sentence alluded to without declaring its illegality; and Ringer knows the truth of what I say, if you do not." "Yes, yes," said the party appealed to, and his change of manner showed that his recollection of the fact had softened down his anger. "You ought not to be here, Harry, I know that; I told them so at the trial, you know; but they would not believe me, and I could'nt do more." "You might have done much more," said Carely, in a tone of reproach, and endeavour ing to free his arm as he spoke; "you might have named an accomplice, and saved an innocent man." "Split on my pal !" cried Ringer: "no, no; I am bad enough, but I am not come to that, even now. But perhaps I could help you just as well another way. You would like to cut away from this sink of a place if there was a chance, wouldn't you ?" "If anything occurred to establish my innocence," said Carely, " I should be glad of it, of course; though," he added, with a sigh, as hlie thought of the loss of Annie, "it could now never make me what I was." "But leaving out all that stuff," pursued Ringer, " isn't this a blessed hole to be in ? I know I find it so. They haven't been content with sending me out here, but they've been tight enough upon me ever since. If I should over get any of them under my thumb, my love to them, that's all. And because they can't get any cant and palaver out of me, as they do out of some of us, they begin to talk about a chain-gang; and one of 'em asked mse the other day how I should like a taste of Norfolk Island. I don't mean to stand it any longer, I can tell you; and there's a good set of true boys that's just of my mind, and--" "Shut your trap, can't you?" growled Thompson; "you'll blab it all presently." "Not to me," said Carely, "for I will not hear-a word of it. I am here unjustly, but circumstances were against me. I blame neither the law nor those who tried me; and, inless my innocence should be proved, I will ear my punishment patiently. If you are ;hinking of any violence, let me warn you igainst it, and lot me tell you fairly, too, that f you say a word about such a thing in my iering, not even our having been friends ball prevent my letting the officers know it." "And you would give up your old pal to s scragged, would you? you pitiful, sneak ng-" Here the violence of passion choked is utterance for a moment, and enabled Darely to reply. "I shall not let my feelings interfere with my duty. I did so once, and I have suffered For it. I do not blame the laws, as I said before; and I neither mean to break them myself nor encourage others to do it. Get all these foolish things out of your head, Ringer. Learn to be sober and steady; do your duty well and cheerfully; shun that which has been the curse of your life-bhad company; and you will hear no more of chain-gangs and Norfolk Island." He shook off the relaxing grasp of the conscience-stricken felon, and hurried on his way, without bestowing a glance on Thomp son. IHe heard, however, his coarse laugh as lie bade Ringer "not to mind that blessed milk-sop ;" and he asked himself, as he passed along, whether the blow which had fallen upon him, sharp as it had been, was not dealt in mercy, in order to snatch him, however roughly, from the contaminating influences that would sink souls to such a level as this. It was not long before this question was succeeded by another. Ringer had hinted at the existence of some plot against the authorities; and, although lie had been prevented by Thompson from giving any clear explanation, it was evident that something dangerous was in agitation. Was it not his duty to give timely informa tion to the officers? Law had certainly done nothing for him that should engage his sym pathies on its side; it had misjudged him, stigmatised him, and made his present and his future alike a desert. But Carely's mind was of too upright a cast to be its enemy on this account. HIe had always assigned his condemnation to its true cause-the unfortunate combina tion of circumstances against him-and he did not hesitate to admit that, had he been a disinterested juryman instead of the criminal in the dock, his decision on the evidence would, in all probability, have been the same as that of the jury by whom he was tried. Moreover, he had heard enough of Thompson since his arrival at the settlement to be aware that nothing was too desperate for him to attempt; and suffering, as we have already observed, had produced that strengthening effect upon his character, that he no longer, as in earlier days, suffered his feelings to lead his principles astray. HIe saw, in an instant, that to be silent from any desire to screen Ringer from the possible consequences of his misconduct was to make himself a participator in his guilt; and consoling himself with the reflection that it would be doing him a service to wrench him, by any means, from the baneful influence of such a man as Thompson, he went direct to the superintendent of convicts, and laid the particulars of the conversation before him. " Your information," said the officer, when he had heard him to the close, " tallies exactly with some rumours which have already reached me. I have known for some time for we are obliged to keep our wits about us -that something was hatching, and have had my eye on several parties as likely to have a hand in it. What you tell me will be very useful, for I know these men's haunts and associates, and I shall now be able to go straight onto the work of obtaining additional information that I want. You have done your duty, Carely, under circumstances which would have tempted many men away from it; and your conduct in this case, and, indeed, ever since you have been in the settlement, has been so highly satisfactory that I shall recommend the secretary to grant you a pardon." The first smile that had been seen on Carely's face since his arrival in the colony played faintly round his lip as he listened to praise which he felt he had deserved. "I thank you sincerely, sir," he said, " for all your kindness to me, and, not the least, for what you have said now; but I cannot accept your offer. I committed no crime in England, though I am suffering the punish ment of one. I know you cannot blot out my sentence, and to accept a pardon would be a confession of guilt." "It would at least enable you to return home," suggested the officer. "As a thief who had received mercy ! " cried Carely, with some warmth, "never! You mean kindly, sir, and I thank you again; but I cannot accept that as a favour which is really.nothing but a right. I will complete my sentence." "Well," said the superintendent, "it must be as you please. At all events, there is one thing I can do for you, and which you can accept without scruple. Here is a ticket-of leave for the colony, which, though it will not enable you to return home, will leave you master of your actions here. This is a mere reward for good conduct-a reward which you have fairly earned, and which you can receive as I give it, as your undoubted right." Carely smiled ogain-and this time not so faintly-as he received the testimonial that his steady performance of duty had been observed and appreciated: and his step was firmer, and his head more erect, as he felt that honesty and uniformity of good conduct had, without any compromise of moral dignity, once more raised him above the posi tion of a common slave. CHIAPTER LV. Through the vwood, through the wood, follow and fiod mo Search every hollow, and dingle, and doll: I leave not a print of a footstop behind me; So those who would see me, must seek for me well. Look in the lily bell-raffle the rose Under the leaves of the violet peep; Lulled by the zophyr, in cradles like those, All the day long you may look till you weep. -BALLAD. The night after Carely's interview with the superintendent of convicts had set in dark and gloomy. The moon was down; the masses of driving clouds totally obscured the stars. except when, here and there, a solitary one peeped out for a moment fiom between the folds, and then vanished again, as if abashed by its boldness. A risingv wind, which had been for some time increasing in strength, now swept through the streets with a moaning sound, that at times seemed almost like a human wail. There was no rain, but the atmosphere grew more and more murky, and seemed to hint that a time was coming which would be more comfortably contemplated by a man from under the shelter of a snug, waterproof roof, than when officiating as a target for the warring elements. As the hour was late, the streets were generally deserted, but a solitary figure was moving along at a steady pace, and evidently using great caution in his advance. As he paused before a house which was manifestly only partly finished, his figure was quite undistinguishable, from the manner in which it was wrapped up; but the voice, as he remarked, in a low, hoarse tone, "this is the shop," was unmistakably that of Thomp son. He gave two low taps with his knuckles, not on the door, but on the closed window shutter; paused a few seconds, and then tapped again, accompanying the last sum mons with the word, pronounced in an under tone, "going." "What's going?" asked a voice on the other side of the shutter, in the same tone. "True boys," cried Thompson, and the next moment a sound was heard of some one gently unbarring the door. Its opening admitted the new comer into a room which the light of a dark lantern turned upon him at his entrance discovered to be of small dimensions, and totally destitute of furniture. Twelve or fourteen" men were sitting or lying about upon the floor, most of them having a pipe stuck in the corner of their mouths, and all, as the light streamed for a moment over their persons, having the appearance of ruffians fitted for any species of crime. "Aren't you precious late, Thompson?" said the voice of Ringer, as the former entered. "No; just the right time," was the reply; " the clock struck two as I came along. They are all deep in their first sleep, and we shall have it our own way: almost time they've had it theirs long enough. Where's the rest of you ?" " Nobody's come but us," answered one of the company. "Soaking it, I suppose," muttered Thomp son ; "or couldn't get out, perhaps. I thought my old master would never go to bed, I had half a mind to settle his hash for him before I came away; I have owed it to him this long time; but I thought it wouldn't fit, though my fingers was itching to do it. Well, if our pals lose their chance, it isn't our faults. We can't get ourselves booked for Norfolk Island for the sake of waiting for them. If my old grumbler was to wake up, and take it into his head to want me for anything, and find out that I had given him the slip, he would have the whole place alive in ten minutes. So, we must bustle lads. We have lots to do before daylight. The first place- " "What's that ? " cried one of the party, in a terrified tone. "Only the wind, you fool! " growled Thompson. "Did you think it was your grandmother's ghost ? The first place is to Harris, the gunsmith's. Tom Williams,: as is quartered there, will be on the watch to let us in at the signal; and there we shall get some arms, so as to be able to show fight, if we want to. Tom says we can make a good plant there, too ; for he knows the old fellow received a jolly lot of flimsies only yesterday; and if that is as it ought to be, and all keeps quiet, why, I'll tell you of another place where we can do something handsome be fore we start. But one thing at a time. Are you all ready ?" "All ready !" was the general answer. "Open the door, then, Jack, and see if the coast is clear," continued Thompson. "If it is, let us go out one by one." The door was opened accordingly, and the man who did it peered cautiously out. "All right!" lie said, after a pause, and stepped forward into the darkness. The one nearest the door had just followed after him, when hlie heard the voice of his companion suddenly call out, "leg it !" and caught an indistinct glimpse of some strug. gling figures in the obscurity beyond. To spring back into the house was the work of a moment, but on attempting to re-close the door, he found that something had been introduced into the aperture, which prevented it. He threw himself against it with all his strength, hut at the same instant, it was pushed violently from without, and voices were heard exclaiming, "police!-police! Open the door, or we will shoot you !" "Lend a hand, here, some of you!" cried the almost exhausted ruffian, as he felt the door begin to give way, in spite of his best efforts. Three or four athletic forms were instantly thrown against it, and Thompson, catching up the dark lantern, turned its light upon the opening of the door, to discover what it was that prevented its closing. The action had nearly proved fatal to him for it disclosed the outline of his body to the party without, one of whom immediately fired through the opening with each precision, that the ball struck the ruffian's cap from his head. The movement, however, effected the object in view, for it revealed the impediment in the shape of a policeman's boot, firmly placed against the jamb. With a savage oath, Thompson instantly caught up the door.bar, and dealt so furious a blow upon the defenceless foot, that it was withdrawn with a low groan of agony. The party within profited by the moment of reprieve: the bar was thrown across the door with the rapidity of thought, and a temporary security obtained. That it was only temporary, however, the force of the blows showered upon the door from without made sufficiently evident. "The back window!" shouted one of the convicts, and they darted across the floor in a body, the door already beginning to crack under the efforts the police were making to force it. Hurrying into the back room, the foremost of the party made a spring at the window and threw it up. The crash of the falling in of the front door as he did so, and the sound of many feet entering the room, quickened his movements, and without giving himself time for a second thought, ihe leaped through the opening. Hie fell lightly, for the descent was not great; but, as he attempted to rise, he was prevented by a stout grasp upon his collar, while a voice exclaimed, "not so fast, my hearty. Pass up the durbies, Charley. Here's one of them. You did not think we were going to stop up one of the holes of the trap, and leave the other open, did you? Not so green. So you are safe enough. Come along, gents! Who's next ?" "We are done !" cried the man who was about to take the next spring, drawing back from the window, "And here comes the others! " exclaimed a second, as the pursuing party burst into the room. "What's to be done ?" "Fight it out, to be sure!" shouted Ringer; who, as we have seen, was by no means de ficient in personal courage. "I'm not going to Norfolk Island for nothing. Pitch into them, boys!" Suiting the action to the word, he sprang upon the nearest policeman, caught the de scending truncheon in his hand, wrested it at a wrench, and dealt its late owner a blow with it that felled him like an ox. But another officer leaped over the body and grappled with him with a strength nearly equal to his own. Ringer, in his-younger days, had gained some reputation as a wrestler, and, after a vigorous struggle, succeeded in tripping his new oppo nent. But many of the force had by this time thronged into the room ; and the light which streamed on the scene of action from their lanterns convinced Ringer, at a glance, that his party, though making a stout resist', ance, were so far outnumbered as to make the result only a question of time. He had just recognised Thompson standing close at his side, when the attention of the force was drawn off by one of their number, who had pressed forward incautiously, being knocked down and surrounded by the con victs. There was an immediate rush to his rescue. The part of the room were Ringer stood was left in obscurity; and he saw that if there was to be a chance of escape, this was the lucky moment. Touching Thompson on the arm, he whis pered, "follow me. I know the house," and drew off towards a door in the corner. The sound of their steps was quite drowned in the noise of the conflict in the furthest part of the room ; but one of the police giving his bull's eye a wider range just as Thompson disap peared, caught a glimpse of his retreating figure, and crying out, "they are getting off this way; follow me, some of you!" imme diately began the pursuit. Ringer, who had been employed to do some work on the premises, and was, consequently, acquainted with their plan, now found his knowledge stand him in a good stead. Catch ing his companion by the sleeve, he hurried him along a short passage, and up a flight of stairs at the end, on the top of which they found themselves in another room; this Ringer traversed with as much precision as if it had been broad daylight, and quitted by an aperture in the wall at the further end just as the gleam of their pursuers' light began to shine up the staircase. The house selected by the convicts for their place of meeting, as being little likely to attract observation, was one of a row of small build ings which were in course of erection at the sometime; and the workmen had left a small opening in each of the upper rooms to save themselves trouble in passing from house to house. Once at the top, therefore, the way lay open all through the house; and with this clear space before him, Ringer's fleetness of foot would soon have placed him beyond all fear of pursuit. But Thompson was a heavier man; his progress was slower, and the nearer advance of the light showed unmistakably that their pursuers were gaining upon them. Ringer urged his companion to fresh exertion, and he dill his best; but the light still drew nearer, the following footsteps were heard more dis tinctly, and it was clear that a very short time would elapse before they would he over taken. Ringer felt that he could easily have escaped himself, but with that generous feel ing which sometimes no amount of criminality or moral degradation can wholly destroy, he could not bring himself to abandon his brother convict. His first thought was to turn upon their pursuers, now separated from their com panions, and endeavour to overpower them. He paused a moment, and listened to the sound of their feet. They were evidently too many for a chance of success; they were well armed, too-the thought was madness. In the meantime the pause had brought them so near, that the convicts could distinctly see each other's figures in the advancingllight; in a few seconds their adversaries would be upon them. At this instant a thought flashed across the mind of Ringer. It was their only chance of safety. "This way,"he whispered to his companion, and drew him hastily towards a small door, at the further end of the room. It was a closet, and they had scarcely entered it, and drawn the door after them, when four or five policemen rushed into the room at their best speed. There was one sweep of the bull's eye round it, to assure them of its emptiness, during which the fugitives held their breath.. and did not stir a muscle, and then the offices ' hurried on through the opening, into the at joining house, persuaded that those whoet they were chasing had still fled forward. Ringer scarcely waited till the room wr. again left in darkness before he started u "Now is the time, Joe," he whispered; " this is our last chance. Follow me, quick!" Re tracing their steps, they descended the stairs of the empty house as noiselesly as possible, and, opening the street door, peered cautiously forth. All was dark and silent; and, as they darted out, Ringer directed his comrade's attention to the gleam of their pursuer's lanterns through an upper window some three houses beyond. " All's right," he said: " we have ten minutes good. They will go on to the end before they find the dodge out. Now, Joe, if ever you ran in your life, now's the time. Norfolk Island and a chain-gang if you're nabbed, recollect. Foot it like a brick. This way I " In another moment they were lost in the darkness. The police, as Ringer had anticipated, went on to the end of the line of buildings before they discovered the ruse by which their prey had escaped them, and by the time they did so the track was lost. They attempted to pursue the search, but a short time convinced them of the utter futility of any further efforts by night; and they re turned to their comrades, comforting them selves with the reflection that it was impossible for the runaways to get far, and that they would be sure of them in the morning. The morning, however, and the mornings which succeeded it, failed to justify the predic tion. The fugitives had evidently succeeded in gaining the bush, and no trace of 'them could be discovered. Meanwhile, their less fortunate companions, after resisting with the energy of despair, had been all re-captured; and, after due examination, suffered such punishment as appeared suitable to their various degrees of guilt. (2ob 5 continmed.) 