THE HOLIDAYS. South Australians are a loyal people. The fact has been often asserted, and never, as far as we know, disputed. Some cynical persons may think we are rather too fond of the assertion and make it too frequently, just as our American cousins are continually declaring — '"We air a great nation." Perhaps it may be an amiable weakness, but it "leans to virtue's side." Does anybody want a proof of our loyalty, we say, look at our holidays, and that is just what Mr. Baker said in the Legislative Council the other day. Our holidays are all on royal days. Happily, in the Queen's family there are many birthdays, and several of these we have turned to account here to show our loyalty and to contribute to our enjoyment. It may be confidently asserted, without fear of con- tradiction, that there is not a Prince or Princeling in the Royal Family whose birth day a considerable number of our fellow-colo- nists would not willingly celebrate by keeping it as a general holiday. And if that does not prove our loyalty, what will prove it? We are willing to cease from labour, to picnic amongst the hills, to swarm along the sea shore, to ride on the land, or to sail on the sea, on any royal day when the weather is fine and the day tempting. Yes, we are a loyal people, and we rather like to enjoy ourselves. The birthday of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales, England's future King, is a favourite one in South Australia. It comes at a pleasant season of the year, just as the spring is melting into summer. The weather, as a rule, is not too hot for enjoyment; the flowers have not all passed away. The country, though beginning to look rather brown and burnt up, still retains some refreshing green spots, full of beauty. The Prince's birthday this year has been no ex- ception to those of former years. The weather was everything that could be desired, except that it was rather too hot. The week seemed to be set apart for recreation. Our hard-worked legislators gave up work for seven days. The Council did indeed meet 0n Tuesday, and let off a little playful bitterness to keep them from growing rusty ; but they, too, saw the propriety of having a rest. They could not see that the Upper House should be at work while the Lower House was at play. Then the Gawler folk opened the ball with their great Fair, to which the whole colony was invited. On Tuesday everybody who had money to spare and who liked to be in the middle of a crowd went to see how the Gawlerites could cater for the public amusement, and from the accounts which have beeu published they appear to have given much satisfaction. The Gawler festival was followed on Wed- nesday by the Temperance Gala in the Exhibition Building on the Park Lands, when the Rev. Mr. Taylor addressed the juvenile members of the Band of Hope to their infinite delectation. All this, however, was preparatory to the grand holiday. It was like the sherry and bitters before dinner, to give an appetite for that which was to come. On Thursday the whole city, with a con- siderable portion of the suburbs, seemed to be bent on enjoyment. For particulars of the various kinds of amusement we must refer to other columns. Perhaps the principal attraction was the Review on the North Park Lands, where some thousands of persons were collected together to wit- ness the various evolutions of the volun- teers. There can be no doubt, judging from the manner in which our volunteer force acquitted themselves, that we have in them a reliable defence of our healths and homes should any foreign danger ever menace us. As might have been expected from the com- paratively small amount of attention which is given to drill, the evolutions were by no means perfect, though they were far from discredit- able to the officers and men. Many parties sought relaxation and enjoy- ment amongst the hills, in those quiet and beautiful nooks which are so frequently visited by dusty citizens on festival occasions. The most conspicuous of these picnic parties we believe was that in connection with Free- man-street congregation, held in the beautiful grounds of His Honor the Chief Justice at Cox's Creek. A large number of persons found their way thither, and were cordially welcomed by Mr. Hanson. Some spent the day in boating and fishing, some in wandering by the sea-shore, breathing the invigorating breezes, small as they were, which swept across the ocean. Our German fellow colonists, as usual, threw their whole souls into their fete, which went off most success- fully. Altogether, we believe, the day was thoroughly enjoyed, notwithstanding the heat, which was felt about noon and in the early part of the afternoon. Indeed it would be strange if in a land like this, where the climate is so fine, and the scenery all around so beautiful, the people could not manage to make a holiday. Let them have a little money in their pockets and a considerable amount of cheerfulness in their hearts, and a fine day overhead, and they will manage to get a large amount of enjoyment out of it. Strangers often remark, during their first year's residence in the colony, that we have an unusual number of holidays compared with the mother-country. We do not know that this ought to be matter of complaint. When they do work the people here work hard, and the climate it is admitted is somewhat exhausting. An occasional holiday, therefore, while it makes nobody the poorer, comes in very opportunely and acceptably. There are not many "dull boys" amongst us, and one reason for this may be the fact that we play as well as work. Happily, the amusements and enjoyments of Thursday passed away without any accidents. The pleasure-seekers we hope were both "merry and wise." We believe from all we heard that with perhaps a few exceptions John Barley- corn was kept in his proper place, which is not always easy to do on holiday occasions. Happily, holidays, like other things, come to an end, and this morning we return to the active duties of life, none the worse for having for a few hours thrown care and business to the winds. THE SURVEYOR-GENERAL.— We believe that Mr. Goyder purposes starting upon his Northern tour on Monday next, going first to the Murray by Tungkillo, then working northward and westward, so as to finish his journey at Port Lincoln. How long he may be absent it is hardly possible to say, but we believe he hopes to be back in about a month. WEST TORRENS COURT OF REVISION.— This Court was held on November 9, at the District Council Office, Hindmarsh-Mr. JohnHindmarsh. J.P., Revising Officer: Mr;. R.B. Colley, the Re- turning Officer, produced the electoral rule and electoral lists. Eighty-two names were added to the list of voters for the House of Assembly and 45 to the list of voters for the Legislative Council., THE REVIEW.-The review on the North Park Lands took place on Thursday, the Prince of Wales's Birthday. The weather was propitious, and the number of spectators large. The number of volunteers present was estimated as varying from 600 to 700 rank and file. SUPREME COURT. -The Supreme Court will sit this morning, at 10 o'clock, in Equity and general business. COURT OF DISPUTED RETURNS. -The adjourned meeting of the Court of Disputed Returns will take place this morning, in the Supreme Court house, at 11 o'clock. AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.— A public meeting has been called, to be held this evening at Nairne, to consider the proposed amendment of the Constitution Act. The representatives of the district in the House of Assembly and all the members of the Legislative Council are invited to attend. BISHOP PATTESON.-The Right Rev. Bishop Patteson will preach his farewell sermon at the Collegiate School this evening. INSTITUTE LECTURE-His Honor the Chief Justice will, this evening, deliver a lecture at the Institute on "The Geological Evidence of the Antiquity of Man." RIFLE MATCHES.— The firing for the Govern- ment prizes will take place this morning on the South Park Lands. EXCURSION TRAINS.-On Thursday the number of persons availing themselves of the excursion trains on the North Line was about 400, half of that number being volunteers. Considerably over 1,000 tickets were issued on the Port Line. A special train left Adelaide last night for Kapundu for the convenience of volunteers and other visitors from that and intermediate places. WEST ADELAIDE RIFLES. -On Thursday evening, after the review, the Hon. John Baker, Captain of the West Adelaide Rifles, invited the members of the company to dinner at the London Inn, Flinders- street. About 60 sat down to an excellent spread in Host Blinman's usual style. Captain Baker presided, and Lieutenant Scott occupied the vice- chair. After the usual loyal and patriotic toasts had been duly honoured, the Vice-Chairman, in eulogistic terms, proposed the health of their worthy captain, which was drunk with prolonged cheering. Captain Baker, in responding, ex- pressed his pleasure in being connected with the company, and of being able to advance its interest's all in his power. The health of lieutenaut Scott was next honoured with enthusiastic applause; and various other toasts, interspersed with singing, occupied tho remainder of the evening till a reason- able hour, when the company separated, all appear- ing to have spent a very pleasant evening after the fatiguing work of the review. MELANCHOLY OCCURRENCE.-One of the amidships- men of the Orient liner Goolwa died on Thursday morning on board the Orient, under very singular circumstances. His name was David J. Smith, and soon after arriving from England, in a misguided moment, some absurd wager relative to his capa- bilities in drinking led to his indulging too freely in brandy ; indeed, it is said, he consumed the con- tents of a bottle at a draught. The effects of this led to his being for some time a patient under Dr Moore, at the Hospital; but the shock to the system was so great that there were no hopes of his recovery, and as he expressed a desire to sail in the Orient he was taken on board, but only tu survive a few hours, when the body was sewn in a blanket and returned onshore for internment. It is reported the deceased was of good family in England, and his death will be the more deplored from the circumstance occasioning it. BURTON'S CIRCUS-The farewell performance of this popular troupe took place on Thursday evening, November 9. There was a bumper house on the occasion, almost every seat in the spacious pavilion being occupied, particularly in the pit where many were compelled to stand. A most attractive programme was placed before the audience, who testified in an unmistakable manner their hearty appreciation of the exertions of the various performers. The clever feats of horsemanship exhibited by Madame Stebbings. Miss Stevens; Mr. Ridgway, and more particularly Master Waterland, were much admired. Tho London Troupe also well merited plaudits, which were given at their graceful performances. The favourite pony Beeswing and Signor Luigi's pupils created no small amusement by their curious antics. Mr. Airey was as amusing and entertaining as ever in his budget of witticisms, and was peculiarly happy in various humorous allusions to local matters, and his exertions were perfectly effectual in touching the risible faculties of the audience, who made the place resound with hearty laughter. On the whole the entertainment was carried out with the usual amount of success. Mr. Burton acknowledged the favours of those present, and remarked that probably in about 12 months he should again visit Adelaide, but in the meantime he would bid them all a hearty farewell. The evening's entertainment was concluded with a four-horse act by Madame Stebbings. VICTORIA THEATRE.-Little Marian Nathan had on Thursday evening, the weather and the weari- ness occasioned by the outdoor amusements con- sidered, a capital attendance at her benefit. The burlesque "Bombastes Furioso" was really well played by this talented juvenile troupe, and the petite beneficitire was encored in all her character songs. Mr. J. Chambers gave very efficient Assisi- tance to the performance, which he very cleverly arranged. A duet from ' Norma' on two cornets by the Masters Nathan elicited a hearty encore, which was responded to by the performance on one cornet of the popular air ' Katie Darling.' The various songs and dances and musical pieces were loudly applauded, and the entertainment concluded with the comic ballet,' The Village Coquette,'' in which some excellent dancing was introduced. On next Saturday evening the troupe will play for the last time this season in Adelaide. The performance is to be for the benefit of Mr. J.' Chambers, the terpsichorean leader of the troupe and will include 'A Kiss in the Dark,'' 'Bom- bastes Furioso,' and ' The Ghost of the Village, ' with a variety of singing and dancing. COLONEL LIGHT'S MONUMENT.-The memorial cross in Light-square erected to the memory of the first Surreyor-General of South Australia is in course of completion and renovation. It will, however, be necessary for the Corporation to provide a heavy penalty, or exemplary punish- ment, for any wanton injury done to this public structure. This is the more necessary, the repairs being in stucco or cement, and the original cut- stone could not resist the assaults of the juvenile iconoclasts of the benighted region of Light- square. THE FAR NORTH.-We have received a note from Umberatana, dated 1st November, stating that the weather still continues the same, ex- ceedingly hot and no signs of rain. BUSH FIRE.-About 2 o'clock on Thursday a volume of smoke was seen rising in the hills above the Waterfall Gully, and during the afternoon the fire had increased in extent and fury. It is to be hoped that its ravages are confined to bush land, as in the present dry season it would be most destructive did it reach growing crops or fenced paddocks. THE MURRAY RIVER.- The Riverine Herald of the 4th November says:-'"The Murray is now nine feet six inches above the summer level." CATHOLIC BISHOPRICS.-A New South Wales paper says that Dean Hayes has declined the Bishopric of Armidale, and Dr. Hamlay that of Goulburn. THE WEATHER IN VICTORIA.-A Melbourne paper of the 6th November says:-"There are signs at last of the breaking up of the drought from which the colony has been suffering for so many months past. Early yesterday afternoon a soft steady rain began to fall in Melbourne, and continued to descend without intermission for several hours. On Ballarat and Bendigo, we under- stand, the same welcome visitation was experi- enced, and there is every reason to suppose that the rain has been pretty general through the country districts." THE GLENORCHY MURDER-William Griffiths has been convicted in Hobart Town of the murder of two children near Glenorchy. The particulars of this atrocious case have gone the round of the Press. The convict had not, when the last mail left, confessed his guilt, but had promised to make a fall disclosure of all he knew in reference to the foul crime before he died. Like the celebrated Dr. Pritchard, he had made several statements, all of which were manifestly incorrect, and evidently told in the hope that his life may be spared. WHAT'S IN A NAME?-The Adelaide telegraphic news of the 1st November in the Melbourne Age states that Mr. J. B. Heales has been appointed Commissioner of Crown Lands. - SEIZURE OF JEWELLERY.-The Hobart Town Mercury has in its issue of November 3 re- produced our police report Peterswald v. Marshall and Son. If a robbery has indeed been com- nutted the parties injured can follow the matter up now, as they have a clue to their property and whereabouts of the persons suspected. MUSICAL.— Mr. Farquharson, the celebrated basso, has sailed from Melbourne in the Giant's Causeway. A number of professional friends and admirers took a cordial farewell of this genial vocalist at the Port Phillip Club Hotel before his departure for Europe. INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITION.-It has been de- termined to hold in the year 1866 an Intercolonial Exhibition in Melbourne. The Argus says:— 'In a few months, therefore, we shall be in a position to draw comparisons between our own industrial state, as well as that of our neighbours; as com- pared with the progress we had all made in 1861 and in 1856, the years of our previous Exhibitions ' The same paper urges the Victorians to take time by the forelock in making preparations-a hint that ought not to be lost upon intending South Australian exhibitors. HARVEST PROSPECTS IN NEW SOUTH WALES. —The Sydney telegram in the Argus of November 6 says:-' Further accounts of the breaking up of the drought are to hand. A pretty general impres- sion prevails that much of the grain in different parts of the colony may yet be saved, the rain having come just in the nick of time.' Mr. L. Barnard requests us to call particular attention to his Sale of Cart Colts, Carriage and Upstanding Hack Horses, bred by Dr. Bathe, of Pakenham, and sold by order of J. Knowles. Esq. The Sale will take place at the John Bull Yards, This Day, at 2 o'clock, 