BRUTAL MURDER OF A SHEPHERD. (From the Gundagai Herald, Oct. 21.) It was rumoured in town, on Sunday last, that an old shepherd in the employ of Mr Jeremiah Lehane, of Reedy Creek, was found dead in a water-hole near his hut, with every appearance of having met his death by foul means. Mr A. C. S. Ross, P.M., proceeded to Bogolong, and held a magisterial inquiry, on Monday, which resulted in a hutkeeper, named John Hoare, being committed for trial for wilful murder. The evidence, although purely circumstantial, clearly points to Hoare as the murderer. It is as follows Joseph Chapman sworn, said : l am a police consta ble stationed at Jugiong. On Sunday morning last, between 9 and 10 o'clock in the morning, I received information from Mr Jeremiah Lehane, of Reedy Creek, that he suspected that a man in, his employment had been made away with. He said that he was missing since the Tuesday before. He requested me to accompany him to the place where the man lived, but I was obliged at that time to go in another direction. When I re turned that is, about 6 o'clock the same evening I went to the place mentioned by Lehane. From information I had received respecting the sudden disappearance of Samuel Gorth, the man mentioned to me by Mr Lehane, I directed a constable who was with me to take the prisoner, John Hoare, into custody, on suspicion of having mur dered him. The missing man had been found dead in a waterhole the same day be fore I arrived. I saw the dead man there, and I identify the body shown ma was the same It was getting dusk when I first saw the body, and I did not notice any marks on the face; but I afterwards examined the face more particularly, and found a bruise under the right eye; it looked like a bruise in flicted by a man's fist. The deceased appeared about 72 years of age. Thomas Johnstone, sworn, said : I am shepherd, and have for the last five or six weeks been living on a run of Mr Lehane's, near Reedy Creek. The prisoner was also a shepherd there, and the deceased was watchman. I knew him by the name of "Nat;" the three of us occupied the same hut: the deceased was seventy-two years of age, and was infirm, but never heard him complain of any sickness; last Tuesday morning, as I was going out with my sheep, the deceased came up and showed me his right eye, which was bruised: he said the prisoner had struck him ; I told him to go and tell Mr Lehane that I had lost some sheep: I then took my sheep away, and did not re turn till sundown; when I came up to the hut I found it closed, and no one there; I went in and presently the prisoner came in; I asked him whether the deceased had been to Mr Lehane's to report the lost sheep; he said deceased had told him I had said nothing about lost sheep ; I suspected something was wrong; but to save myself from harm, I said nothing; the prisoner said, "I suppose he has got his cheque, and is spending it;" the prisoner was more jovial and freer that night than he was other nights; the deceased did not return that night, nor the next day; the prisoner remarked that his ghost would be haunting us; he said on Tuesday night, " I had the—down and would have killed him only the knife wasn't sharp enough." I have repeatedly, heard the prisoner say to the deceased, " You old ——, I'll kill you." On Thursday morning the prisoner called me towards the creek and pointed to a hat lying on the ground, and said, "There's the — hat, he's gone and drowned himself to bring me into trouble, because Lehane has a down on me ; " on ths morning before, both the prisoner and myself had gone over the ground where he showed me the hat lying, and no hat was there or I must have seen it; on the Tuesday mor ning when the deceased came up and showed me his eye where the prisoner had struck him, he begged me not to go away, for he said the prisoner would be sure to kill him that day ; I told him not to be afraid ; he was at my yard just above the water hole where the body was found ; the prisoner was coming down towards this yard; I was soon out of sight with my sheep, and I never saw the deceased alive after. Michael Corby, sworn, said I reside at the Chain of Ponds, and am a sawyer ; on Friday last, I received information that a man in Mr Lehane's employ, at Nanny Burns' Creek had been missing for some days; I went to Mr. Lehane's and reported it; on the following day, I went to the place where the missing man had been living, for the purpose of searching some water holes for the body; I took a steelyard with me to serve as a grappling hook ; I went to a hole about three hundred yards from the hut, on the bank of which an old cabbage tree hat was lying, which I recognised as the hat usually worn by the missihg man ; I threw in the steelyard attached to a rope, and presently brought up a dead body, which I recognised as that of the missing man, whom I had known for about ????????????? , the dead man was lying on his back, with his arms clenched and his arms drawn up towards his shoulders ; the hook of the steelyard had fastened into the left knee of the trousers; one of his eyes was blackened ; I did not examine his body ; he had his clothes on, and could not be seen until dragged up by the hooks ; he was between seventy and eighty years of age; I brought the body to the five-mile Creek; the hole in which I found the body is from thirty to fifty yards from the sheep yard and the watch box; it is about fifteen yards long, five yards wide, and in the spot where I found the body it is about three feet six inches deep ; a green wat tle bush hangs over the spot where I found the body ; at the end of the water hole nearest the yards the approach is quite easy ; the body was six or seven yards from the end ; the water is quite stag nant ; over the spot where the body lay, the bank is somewhat steep on each side; on the side nearest the yards, the bank is broken, and there is a level place just going into the water; the upper part of this bank has the marks, as I believe, of human feet upon it, but the level of which I have spoken has no marks of footsteps; if the deceased had gone down this broken bank, I feel sure that be would have marked with his feet the level place which is moist; the water at the end nearest to the yards is quite shallow; I don't see how a man's body could have floated down a stagnant water-hole from the shallow end to the deeper; the hat of the deceased when I went to the water-hole, was lying about twenty yards from it. William Lyons swor deposed : I am a legally qualified medical practitioner, of New South Wales; I have made a post mortem examination of the body now lying at this house; I have examined the trachea and the bronchi; there is no frothy matter or mucus in them ; on opening the cavity of the chest I found that both lungs fully occupied it; on removing them, the posterior lobes were found to be very much congested; on pressure they crepitated healthily, and a quantity of frothy mucus was forced out of them ; the cavities of the heart were very firmly contracted ; the stomach contained a quantity of water; the other viscera presen ted a normal appearance ; externally the skin presented a shrivelled-up appearance; there were no contusions of the body except an ec chymosis of the right eye ; the appearances are quite compatible with death by drowning ; the appearances of the lungs and stomach lead me to believe that life was not extinct when the body was submerged ; the viscera was not decomposed; there are no external marks of violence which of themselves would account for death. The prisoner was committed to take his trial at the Circuit Court, at Goulburn, at such time as the Attorney General may appoint; for the "wilful murder" of Natha niel Gorth. The prisoner is a young man barely 21 years of age. AN ORIENTAL JUDGE.—A certain merchant left in his last will and testament seventeen horses to be divided among his three sons, according to the following proportions :-viz., thfe: first''Wits to'receive one half, the second one:lhird, ond the youngest a ninth part ol the whole. But when they came to arrange about'the division it was found that to comply with the terms, of the will, without sacrificing one or niore of the animals, was impossible. Puzzled; in the extreme, they repaired to the " Cadi;" who,'haying read, the will,, observed that such a difficult question required time for deliberation,.and.recommended thom to return in two days. When they; again' made their appearance, the judge said '"I have considered carefully ynur'casb, andifind that I can make filch, a division of the seventeen horses among yon. as will give: each . more' than his "strict share,.and yet notone of the animals shall be injured. Are you content ",\Ve are, O Cadi!" was the reply. .;"Bring: forth ;the siventeen horses then, anddot them bo placed it the court," said the Cadi, The animals vere brought in, and the Cadi, ordered his pooin to place his own liorso with them. He tien bade the eldest brother count the liorses. "There are eighteen in number, 0 Cadi!" he aid.' " I will now make the division," re ?ponded the Cadi. "You, the eldest, are oxitlcd to half; thin take nine of the horses Ton, tho second BOH, are to reoeivo one-ihird ; t.k?, therefore, six; whilst to you, the youn (esr, belongs the nin'h part, namely two. ['litis the seventeen horses are divided among ;ou. You havo each more than your share, lud I may now take my own steed back again." " O Cadi I your wisdom equals that," eaid the i brothers, " of our Lord Solieman, Ibii Duood." 1 WVpfes /rem JfipJ, As ELOPEMENT-The Livtrp'>ol cor res pon lent of the Scotsman telle a curiou* story 1 A gentleman of that town having made seve ral successful hits in blockade running, w»rr abroad to settle ;bia affairs, Laving his young wife in a fashionably furnished house in Liver pool. The lady is described as possessive great personal transactions, und is only 20 years of age, At the beginning of ihU tnontb the gentleman returned* and two days after .wards his wife disappeared. An ex-detective officer was employed, and, if the story be true, has succeeded ini partly unravelling one of the moat singular cases of elopement ever brought to light. .Some six months back the lady nave but' that she was goin* on a visit to some friends in London ; but instead of this it seems she engaged. hers-If as barmaid afc a noted: tavern iu Mi*noh commercial gentleman from Condon was in the habit of frequenting. The pretty barmaid and the.commercial gentleman left Manchester for Liverpool together, and two days after thej faithless fair one had rejoined her husband she eloped with her ManchVsW lover. They were traced to London, and there the clue was lost. 