A Eeal Live Ghost.— We are- indebted : to ftl gentleman, who desires us to cancaal his name ioK' the present, for the following remarkable story, its having been his lona fide experience on the night ? of Tuesday last, during the storm. As he is well ? known and respected for sobriety and veracity, i| f musfc not be thought ' that it was (either RdEunkeUl or a barefaced mendacity. He had-been engaged ? until a late hour over sundry ledger aooouats- (he '\ is a commercial man) and it! was not until ihd1 clock struck one that he was reminded that an c anxious wife awaited him, whose invariable and ? conjugal rule was never to retire until her husband I returned. CloBin'g his ledger he looked the pa'Cnt ; safe and extinguished the light previous to. his' making his exit. He closed the back office, ! and was in the aci of unlocking the front door to '. leave, when he bethought himself of a memorandum which he had left behind him. Entering tha back office again, he stood aghast and transfixed at a sight which appalled every sense, and rendered ', the strong man as helpless as a child. There8 j through a dim, ethereal phosphorescent haw, seated in the chair he had juet vacated—motion less, ghastly, melancholy, transparent, was a figure, not of this world, with a face like the eteadj and its whole attention seemingly devoted to the ' ledger, whieb was opened before it. ; Immediately behind the apparintion was tho iron Bafo, which ' our informant is positive in having locked, and ! this was also open ! He describes his feelings ott: ! the occasion to have been horrible in the extreme,' :1 and to use his own words, English phraseology '; does not include language sufficiently impressive ,\ to explain the intense torture crowded into tha '? brief space of a few minutes.' He essayed to -' spoak— he was dumb ; he endeavoured to turn from ths apartment, but he had no power to ; move; ho sought to distract his own attention by ' closing his eyes and shutting out the fearful ' ' vision, but every nerve and muscle seemed para- ' lysed, and he was no longer a free a^eat. Gradually the apartment grew intensely 1 iminons9 ' and stars and spangles of exceeding beauty fi.ted hither and thither, withoufc , noiae, but. w.ith seem^ ing order and regularity. Our friend says that ?- could the s.ene have been transferred to the ; ooards of a theatre, aud iatroduced in some grand. : spectacular piece, it would have realisa'i a fortune ?-'. for the happy manager in a verv short time. But . i the torture of a great feat* was upon him, for he ?? ' knew himself to be face to face with some dread : f .presence which had no affinity with humanity. The light then gradually waned, and the figure, . ?? which, without an effort, rose from the cnair to a supernatural height, .seemed gradually to become ??'-- absorbed into the subtle element which formed its atmosphere. Our informant an athletic, man, re«r 'i members no more The exceeding tension iof: : ,v iierve and eense could bea»* no more, and. he sank ?- inaensiblo to the floor. TJnon returnine to con« i sciousness, he found the merry morning sunlighfe^; i flooding tho apartment — everything in its place v iv aud order as he left it— safe locked and ledger closed, but the clock — an eight day clock, which 'V ?* had been wound up the previ-us morning — had ..j..' stepped at the hour of one!: The story is ttf' strange one, and to some of our readers may appeaff ? ?incredible, but we have the .fullest reliance' in the,. : i. honor and serious veracity o;f the narrator. ' There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreaait of in our philosophy.'1—- : Northern' Argus* '. State op tub Hunter RivuE.rr-Ths «tate of ' ? the river is getting so bad, in conseq.uence of the. dry weather, in the neighbourhood of- Bales's . i Piatp, that there seems every prospect of naviga*:*'- .. tion being suspsnded before long ahonld the dry ; ' we.ither continue. The dredge here is bo badly : supplied with punts that she cannot work above ? half her time. Captain Fraser certainly is entitled - to' great credit for the increasing exertions he has -? shown to get through the work with the few ? facilities ho has at hia disposal, but vre are sur- ' ! prised that, out of sheer eoor.onLy, somothing waa ^ r not sdone to give him more barges to get the silt jry, The Morpefch was uuable to loave New cassia on Tuesday evening, owing to her having ' ; grounded for several hours balovr Mr. Eales's.— J Morpeth Leader, Marob 4. ; ??? This Wheat Crop — From all quarters in and ; about this district we hear very miserable accounts of -trie wheat crop. Suoh stacks na have been thrashed have turned out very badly, the yieli boiag very light and th? grain much pinched, 16 will! be. a severe blow to the country people, who 'will now be dependent entirely on the Sydney ; flonri market, which must look for supplies entirely .; from! Adelaide and America. We are glad (o learn ' that ', the aphis, which some weuka ag-.- was deveB tating the corn crop to some extent, is n^w fast * disappearing. In the neig bourhood of Phcaaix ' Parkand Bjlwar'ra the early gown m/iize seems to ' havojtakeu a change for tho better and is cobbing : ut much better thnn waa anticipated. The latter sown', however 'or ' stubble corn,' us it is usually .termocl, looksi wrenched, the rust- fiavint; attacked it viiluU'ntly,. and much upp aring go:d fi-r very little; but the h're-stiok. The weather, whioh throughout the season has consisted of a day's rain, and two or three scorching hot dayB sitcceod tn#, ilo doubt baa contributed to the growth of all flortspf furjgiiiftnd the-roshlt nh^ear* ira Jthe 'deo- ' li') rructfon of ths young corn Tlie heat has b«ea very sevtre during the past week and the weather 