THE DESERTED DIGGINGS. UV ,l.V Ol.Tl CHL'M. It was abnut an h^ur before siiusat, on a beautiful day in tal-'v sP»'n?j f!iat I r°dc sIowjV nmougst the soliLary heath-clad ranges of the ouco..f;inio\i3 Kajnuga dig gings. For miles and miles the bed of everv fiulh\ the crest of every Lill, and the Iroad surface of every fiat, wore thickly r'.atted with hillocks, of pipeclay heaped u-) near some falien-in shaft, over the inoutbs of many of which windlass logs, (fitb hero and there a windiass-barrel, were i f till ttanding. Three 'years before, every | hill and guHy i° tue district was thickly ! people. Tho site of lints and stores I night still be easily traced ou tho ground, I which, whore they had stood, was hard ! and grassless, while on every side, sod or log chimneys — tho latter for the most part [ tiitire, the former in various stages of I jlecay — gave abundant proof how numerous i ]iad once been the dwelling-places of the dij-gcr. The country through which I I jiaii for some hours been travelling is in I gcutral barren and desolate iu the extreme, I badly watered, and seldom affording even [ the bcantiyst feed, so that, once robbed of its gold, it has speedily relapsed into its former uninhabited state. The past winter, however, had been a- remarkable rainy one, and, under the genial influence I pf the spring sun, the landscape had I assumed the most beautiful appearance! I The flats were emerald green with young | grass, while ijic ranges presented all the I Inics of the rainbow from the many [ coloured heaths through which my horse I made his way breast deep. Thousands of I wild flowers sprang up on every side, I whilst overhead the wattle blossom, glearu I ing like gold amongst the delicate foliage, I filled them with perfume. The timber had I been sadly thinned in old times by the axe I of the digger, and by the frequent bush I fires, but still many' a noble Tyhite gum I stood iii the flats, and the summits of the I Mils were clothed with- stringy bark' and [peppermint. Pausing on the top of a [ range little higher than its neighbours, to [contemplate the beauty of the scene, 'my [eye caught sight of something bright [glancing among the trees 'to the north, [which I at once guessed to be the [ lujunga Creek, on tho bank' of which I I meant to camp for the night. ' Giving my I nag his head, he settled ?at pnee into that I curious shambling gallop which an old Istock horse will keep up for hours, and in l.i few minutes I reached the creek ou I whose banks I found, as I had expected, I very tolerable feed. . I Dismounting, I took off the saddle and ? bridle, aud placing them on the ground ?beside niy blanket and cooking utensils, I I hobbled my horse, and left Mm to .go ?where he would ; then, after a plunge in ?the creek, I kindled a fire, made my tea, Itoasted my chops on the end of a stick, laud having thoroughly satisfied my appe Jtite, mixed myself a good stiff pannikin of ?brandy and water from my capacious flask, laud, seating myself cozily on a log before ?the fire, lighted my pipe and began to ?smoke. The sun had now gone down ?some time, and the stillness of the starlit Imght was unbroken save by the rattle of ?my horse's hobbles as he changed his ?feeding ground, and occasionally by the [plaintive notes of the cerlew, or the cry I of the mopoke, the night cuckoo of I Australia. Yielding to the potency of the I grog and the soothing influence of the Ihoncydew, I bad fallen into a semi-dozing ?state, when I was suddenly aroused by the ?sound of voices, ancl almost immediately lafterwards three men stepped out of the Igloom into the bright fire-light, and with la hearty 'What cheer, mate S' com Ijneuced making themselves comfortable for ?the night, much after the same fashion I Imyself had pursued au hour or so before. ?They were evidently all' diggers, for I [noticed the marks of the pipeclay on their [moleskins, and as they had only their [blankets with them, and no tools, I guessed, [jiswas the case, that they must be on jtkeis road down to town. After they had ?rapped I produced the brandy ..flask, aud, ?ft may be imagined, we fraternised at louee. We talked upon various subjects — ?of the good old times, when gold was ?plentiful and diggers few — of the bad new ?times, when, diggers abounded, but gold Ikhs, alas ! scarce ; of Eaglehawk ; of the ?Ballarat rista, in which one of my com ?pinions had lost a couple of fingers ; of Podguig the police in the old license luting days, and of a hundred other ?kindred subjects, which to an old gold ?teeker furnishes an endless fund of aniuse ?ment I myself had handled the pick aud |»cked the cradle for many a long day, 1*0 that I was fully qualified to bear my |jwt in the conversation. Alter some I time, however, the current of talk slackened I gradually, and at last we had remained ?silently smoking for several minutes, when Pne of my companions, addressing himself |o another — a -short but enormously power-. M man, who was extended at full length 'wore tho fire, jmd whose face was so fjmpletdy buried in hair that only the tip !« his nose and his sharply twinkling eyes Fob visible— aid :_. 'Bill, my boy I didn't yqu wort somewhere hereabouts Jpon a time?' 'Yes,' replied BUI; about a matter of three years and a half {6° I worked on the old Kajnnga ; more 'y token I' had the best bole in Murder ™-ontOnliy that ever fell to my, share ^* I first handled a pick/' u . Murdcr-will-out pally IV I exclaimed, ,We'l) I have heard some gueer names S^° euUie8 aad fofe *?» mV ty'^ 1s'lmt *™ Dead-horses, Lucky- woman, Peg-leg, -^cheese, Pinch-gut, and such like, but ^eatsjthem *1L Pray, why was it ' ^d!- you see, mats,'' said Bill, '. I am ™ mn-* of a hand at pitching a tale, bat ? Jon seem the right sort, rU try for once. twube four years on the 3rd of next ™n«i since first I capie on to Kajunga. ItarV \\*°n y°^^S at Fryers Creek, in |««*er holes, for some time previously, for \Z -te had h^ea bad with the dysentery, |Df«Pne, I couldn't leave him. At IWi£0Wevcr' be die£, and haying been ? mil ^ *?' «?» «*«* shipmates of Ikf,'?*1'5!*' I determined to come up I t^Srlf^ and *&|*aisgings were ecattered — — ? T^ over such a deal of ground that what few troopers we had up here went pretty nigh for nothing, so th?.t every man of us used to sleep with his loaded revolver under his head, as iu the olden times on Golden Point. I was encamped a few miles higher -up the creek, and in the next tent to us were a couple of chaps who had been working there some time, but partly through want of luck, and partly through Mowing all they earned iu the grog shanties, they were pretty well always down ou their luck. The name of tho youngest of them was Charley Smart — Smart Charley we used to call him, though ; for of a Sunday he used to come out in a grey shirt all worked with scarlet silk, a great red sash round his waist, a real Panama hat, breeches and knee boots, all which swell dunnage he had brought with him from California, where he and his brother, who was then away at M'lvor, had worked for some time. He was a very-good looking chap, though he was as white in the face as a parsnip, but he was uncommon strong and hearty, and an out-aud-out good workman. His mate Alick, or black Mick, as wo used to call him on account of the darkness of his skin, was .a chap of about fifty years of age, and as ill-looking a customer as you could well meet with in a day's jnarcb, eyeu in this country. I have heard since that he was tried in the old country for robbery and murder. There wasn't quite evidence enough to bring the hanging matter home to him, though there wasn't much doubt of his guilt, so he saved his neck, and came out to the colonies at Go vernment expense instead. He] was a gloomy, morose kind of fellow, very quar relsome when in drink, and as unsociable as a bear, for when he was out of cash to knock down in grog he used always to turn in as soon sis ever he had swallowed his supper, never coming out to sit by tho fire, and smoke and yarn like the rest of us used to do. Smart Charley was quite another guess sort of chap. He would sit up half the night as long as any one was left to talk to, and seemed to dislike the blankets as inueh as Black Alick Joved fhem. .'.' Npiy, a short distance from where we were encamped there was a grog shanty, not one of your new-fangled, weather boarded hotels, with a graud bar all sot out with swell decanters full of bad liquor, but a jolly great tent, well put up, with a good fly over it, lined throughout with green baize, and a sod chimney to it that would hold an eight foot log — as comfortable a crib as a man could wish to set foot in who was content to pour good stuff out of a black bottle, and drink it out of a pannikin. It was kept by a Yankee — a fair specimen ef one he was, too, .and an uncommon good hand at drink, to be sure. The way he could mix a julep was a caution. Well, a whole lot of us chaps used to frequent this shanty more or less, and though I never was much of a one for drink, I used to go up pretty regular of a Saturday night, and have a hand at yuker or cribbage, and a glass or two of hot whisky and water, real Scotch, and first-rate at that The Yankee boys who came there said it was nothing to Monnogohcla, but Charley, who had been some time in America, said that that was all gas. However, as I never tasted the liquor in question, I can't say. Among the fellows who used the shanty — the ' Stars and Stripes,' as we called it — was one who dropped in occasionally, who went by the name ot Indian Hcpe, though he was no more an Indian than you are, for his father was a Scotchman and his mother a Mexican woman of Sonora ; but he had been stolen away when a lad by the Indians who live on horseback — Comanchees, I think they call them,-1- and had passed pretty nigh twenty years of his life among them. I have heard that he became a chief, and had raised a deal of hair in his time ; but whether this was true or not I can't say, for he was a silent sort of chap, and never said ranch about his past life. He had come on to California diggings soon after they broke out, and afterwards came over to Sydney, and from there to Victoria. We used to think him a bit mad, for he would go away with his gun all alone for weeks, living upon what he could shoot, and when he came back to work he used to prefer spending half the night by himself in the bush, stretched out on his back, staring sp at the stars, to sitting comfortably by the fire aud smoking his pipe like a Christian. There were queer tales afloat of his having told some fellows' fortunes up on Eaglehawk, and how all he said had come true. Well, one Saturday night — I remember it well, for we had uuggeted pretty nigh thirty ounces that day — we were all of na up at the ' Stars and Stripes.' Alick and Charley had been pretty well in luck that week, and they insisted on shouting all round, time after time, till we all, I fancy, had taken a little more than was good for us, aud even Hepe begau to talk a bit Charley, seeing this, began gammoning an3 chaffing him About his powers of fortune-telling. The Indian took it very quietly at first, but when Charley went on too' much at him he got riled, and said he : ''Charley, I can tell you something that will happen to you as sure as you are sitting before that fire.' «- What is it, Indian?* says Charley; ' speak up !' « - Well, the best hole of the best rush that was ever, or ever will be, on Kajunga shall be found by yon, and yet you will never handle an ounce of the gold, and what's more, those that work it will never profit by if At this, we all laughed heartily,' and says Charley : ' ? If it's ever my lot to come across a bit of good ground, I should like to see the chap living that would jump it, and I'd not only handle the gold, but spend it, too. As to profiting *by it- why that's another thing altogether ; but if I didn't, the ? Stars and Stripes ' would, at any rate.' ' Hepe didn't make any reply, but Bat quistly smoking hB pipe for a bit, ocd then got up and went away. By this time Alick had begun to get nasty, and wanted to fight everybody in the shanty, one down the other come on, so I thought it time to make tracks for my tent and turn in. It seems that soon after I. left,'.AHck «nd Charley had a bit of a barney, which ended in a regular Btand-up fight, and when Old Stars and Stripes had attempted to sepa rate item, they -»th went into hyn like mad, and bcat'him p«e«y n&h; in»,a jelly bjfore the other boys could get him away. He was precious savage at this, as y^-u may think, and swore that neither of them should ever have another nobbier from him, either for love or money. ' A few days /ifter this shindy the rush to the White Hills took place, and Alick and Charley got a capital claim — dead oil the gutter. It was so good a one that they couldn't have knocked down all they made, even if they had had every night to do it in ; but old Stars and Stripes wouldn't have them at any price, and though there were lots of grog tents in the neighbour hood, there wasn't a drop of decent stuff to be got nearer than the township, which was pretty well three miles off, with a rare rough road, bad enough to travel even by daylight, so they were obliged to lny by their gold, whether they would or not. For the first few Sundays they used to start off for Kajunga as soon as day broke, drink all day, and come reeling back just before sunset. But there had been ill blood between them ever since the night of the row, and on the third Sunday they had another fight, and Charley drew his re volver on Alick — a bad habit he had learned in California. There wasn't any harm done, for some of the boys who were present interfered ; but there was no love lost between them from that day, and though they etill worked and lived together, they seldom cr never spoke, and used to grub separate. Alick slill kept up his Sunday journeys to Eajunga, but Charley never went down any more, turned quite steady, and saved up a heap of gold. This sort of game went on for three months oi more, till one Wednesday evening, after we were sitting round the fire after supper, Charley says to me : ' ' We shall have washed up by Satur day afternoon, and as I and Alick don't hit it any longer, I shall start away on Sunday morning, for Melbourne, and have a spree. I expect ray brother Jack will get down there in a couple of weeks or so, and then we will either come up here again to pros pect for the claim the Indian told me of, or try some fresh diggings ; I rather think, however, I shall do the latter.' ' On Saturday night Charley came aud had his supper with us. ' ' It's my last night on the old Ka junga,' says he ; ' I wish you would get old Stars and Stripes to let me in; I should like to shout for the boys once more before I go.' ' I went up to the shanty, and after a deal of trouble I made it all right for Charley, but Alick he wouldn't have, do what I would, and I tried pretty hard, too. However, I might have saved myself all bother on this account, for it seems while I was away he came out of the tent, and Charley, who was as good-hearted a fellow us ever breathed, asked him to shake hands and have a nobbier, but Alick only swore at him and went iu again. Well, we had a right down jolly night of it, to be sure. Stars and Stripes brewed us some stunning rum punch, and we had lots of singing and plenty of good yarns, and were very merry, without any of us getting much over the mark. Rather laic Indian came in, for, like the rest of us, he liked Charley, and would have been sorry to let him go with out wishing him luck. Charley shuck him by^the hand. ' ' Indian,' says he, ' I haven't found this grand hole yet, though I have had a pretty fair one, and can't complain.' ' ' Wait a bit,1 says Hepe, 'you'll find it, no fear.' 'Charley laughed, and was going to make some reply, but just then one of the boys began a chorus as long as from here to the top of Mount Lofty, and we all joined in of course, and so the subject was dropped. We knocked off soon after mid night, and I walked down to the tent with Charley. ~ . ''Goodbye, old fellow,' says he, 'I shan't see you iu the morning,, for I shall be off by daybreak, and I know that you can Vlo with a tidy amount of sleep on a Sunday. I shan't be long making town, for I mean to take nothing with me but the things I stand tip in and my gold, The tent is Aiick's, and, if he. pleases before I return, I have told him to let you have my tub and cradle, and tools, and if I am not back in three months, why you are quite welcome to, them. Good night, old chap, and good luck to you.' ' With that we went into onr teats, and in a few minutes I was wrapped in my blankets and sound asleep. Just about dawn I was woke up by Charley, who was whistling away most vigorously as he made his fire and boiled -the water for his tea. He wasn't long in finishing: his breakfast, and then away he went on his journey as brisk as a bee. Instead of taking the main road which led to Kajunga, he passed right by our tent, and struck at once into the bush, intending, no doubt, to give the township a wide berth, which was a very sensible notion of his, as there was a deal of old hands and roughs loafing about it, and he carried a large amount of gold about him. As I was dropping off to sleep again I thought I heard a slight noise as if some one was passing our tent on tip-toe, but as I was too sleepy to give much heed, and the dog, which lay stretched out at the entrance of the tent, didn't bark, I just gave myself an extra coil in the blankets, and was Boon in the land of Nod. I seldom got up of a Sunday much before ten, and as my mate and I agreed to go out on the Plains that day after some tur key that had been seen «bout, and it being my week to cook, I roused *rat pretty early, lighted the fire, and set to work to get the breakfast ready. I was busy frying the chops, when, looking up, I saw Alick coming along the road from the township. He had a gun under his arm, and a brace of snipe in one hand. '' ^W Ahck,' said I, ' you have been ou*'»fterthe birds pretty early.' ' 'Oh,'says he, 'Charley made such a cursed row this morning that he woke me up, and as I couldn't get to steep again, I thought I won* try if there was anything to be got along the creek. I have been pretty well all the way to the township, and this is all I have lighted on.' ''Well,' says I, « I hope we shall have better sport «t any rate.' ' «I hope ' you wUl,' says he, and into bis tent he goes. -' Wett things went on pretty much in the old way with, us for the next four weeka. The only thing in any way re markable was the cEange that had come over Alick. Since Charley's departure ho | never shut himself up of a night as he used j to do/but came OHt regularly and sat with j the rest of us till the very lasf. man went | off. and even then he did nofseoin much inclined to turn in himself. Not that he was a bit more pleasant than before ; { forme, ly he used to speak now and then, | but now he never so much as opened hi3 mouth, but sat sinuking and staring into the fire, and lookiug altogether as miserable ! ns a bandicoot. Nobody cared about him for a mate, and, indeed, he never looked after one himself, but went aud worked as a hatter at some surfacing which had just been struck on the side of Ironbark Gully. The stuff wasn't very rich, but as there wss a considerable depth of it, and it was very easy washing, being quite free from clay, and not requiring above two waters, he did pretty well at it. He had -taken to save his money, too, for his Sunday jour neya to the township were entirely dropped, and the ' Stars and Stripes ' wouldn't have him at any price, though he begged hard to let him iu. Well, it may have been acouple of months, or thereabouts, after Charley left u« that my mate and I were sitting one fine night in front of our tent doing our pipes. It was full moon, and pretty nigh as light as day. Alick had been working late, and was busy in his tent getting his 6upper ready, to cook which he had lighted a big fire not very far from where we were seated. I had just been talking to my mate about Charley, and was wondering whether he meant to come back for his things or leave them for me, when who should I Bee come out of the bush, just behind Aiick's tent, but Charley himself. He was dressed just the same as usual — grey shirt, red sash and all, but looked, if possible, a trifle more bloodless than ever. To my surprise, he passed by the tent, and though I shouted out to him he took no notice, but walked straight over to the fire, and sat down on a log which lay beside it, with, his back towards us. Well, I was just going up to ask him what he meant by cutting a couple of old pals in ; that style, when out came Alick, carrying a billy, full of fresh soup, in his^aDd, which he was going to warm up, androa he kept stirring it round while'he walked, he did not notice Charley, who s»t quite still, looking at the fire, without ever saying a word. Alick stooped down, settled the k-g 60 as to make a firm place on which to stand Ms pot, and as he lifted up his head after pkciug it on the fire, hV caught sight of Charley. Kever ehalf I forget his fece if I \ve:e to#ivc a thousand yeats. For about half a minute he stood as still as if he were turned into stone — his mouth wide open, hif eyes starting out of his headi, and 3iis cheeks as white as pipe-clay ;. then, with a horrible yell, he fell heiid foremost, into the fire. My mate and I rushed up, dragged him from the blazing logs, and when we had done so, and turned round to look for Charley, he was gone. Well, I can tell you I began to feel pretty scared, acd no mistake. 'Ned,' says I to my mate, ' there's jnmething wrong here. If that wasn't Charley himself, it was his ghost, and I am sure if he had been living he would never have gone off like that, without having any talk with us and the rest of the boys.' ' ' Nonsense,* says he ; ' there ain't any such thing as ghosts.' But though he pretended to laugh at the whole affair, and said that Charley was only having a game with us, I could see by his' looks that he was more incKued, after all, to be of my opinion than his own. However, we didn't give much time for talking, for all the while we were holding up Alick, who, though not very badly burned, was quite insensible. We carried him into his tent, and tried everything we could think of to bring him round, but as it was all of no use my mate proposed that he should sit up with him one half the night, and I the other. Well, it might have been about midnight when my mate came and woke me up. 'Why,' says I, 'what's the matter with yon ? you look as white as a ghost' ' Get up,' says he, ' and come with ma Poor Charley, I am afraid it's all over with him.* As I couldn't get anything more out of him, I hurried on my clothes and went with him to. Aiick's tent By the light of the candle, which stood on the table near the head of the bunk, I could see Aiick's features plainly. He was asleep, but his face was perfectly livid, and the perspiration was rolling in huge drops down his forehead. For about a quarter of an hour like this, quite still, my mate and I watching him in silence. Suddenly, however, he raised himself up and screamed out : ' ' Keep him- off ! keep him off! he has come to drag me down to helL His grave cannot hold him, and yet I buried him deep down, deep down. Mercy, my God, mercy, mercy, mercy V 'His screams gradaally grew fainter, and at last he fell back perfectly exhausted. ' ' Has he been taken like that before tonight f says L ' ' Yes, just before I can* and woke you OP-' ' ' Well, yon {jo and turn in now, and I will stay with him till morning, Jtad we'll think what's best to be done.' ' It might have been aboat daylight when, Alick roused up all of a sudden. He sat ujylooked sound tho teat, and seeing me seated on tho opposite bank, he ex claimed : ' ' Why, what's all this ? I must have been ilL* 'I didn't make him any answer, so he laid himself down again, and turning him self so that I couldn't see his fece, he eaid after a bit' : ' ' Where's Charley ? Didn't Charley come back last night V ™ ' Where Charley- is, Alick,' said I, 'yon' best know.' ' ' What do you mean by that !' says he, savagely, and starting ;tip and feeing me. ** * I mean,' says Ij' that you said things in your sleep last night that want explain ing.' ' ' What did I say V says he. '' Never mind the exact words,' says I ; ' but I may just as well tell you that before my mate and me you said as much *s that yon had murdered Charley Smart' 'With that he dropped back on his bunk again, as if he had been shot Ho lay a long time without speaking. At last he raised himself up ou one arm, and says he : ' ' Bill, it's . no use my keeping the matter to myself any longer. Charley's ghost canie for me last night, and though I escaped that time, it's all up with me, I feel. I did murder him. I followed him that Sunday moruing, and shot him down ia a gully a few miles from here. 1 hid his body in the scrub, and iu the evening I went down and burned him, but his grave w;is uot deep enough — his grave was not deep enough.' ' ' Well, Alick,' say9 I, ' I didn't ask you to tell me all this, but now you have done so I must do my duty.1 ' ' 1 know, I know,' says he. ' Let me go down with you, and show you where the body is buried, and then you may hand me over to the traps as soon as you like. I have been sick of my life this long time.1 ' Well, I called my mate, and sent him up to the 'Stars and Stripes,' where he found some of the boys who had come in for their morning drink, and told them all about it, and a pretty row there was at once, as you may well thiflk. Some of the Yankees were for lynching him light away, but the rest of us wouldn't agree to it, and at last it was settled that Alick should go down with us and show us the grave, and that in order not to attract the atten tion of those whom we inight meet on the road he should not be bound. It was ne cessary to take the greatest care in order to get Him safe into thcAands of the troopers, for if the news of the murder had once got noised about the township he wouldn't have had many minutes to say his prayers I can tell you. However, we put our re volvers in our pockets, and gave him notice that if he offered to escape we would shoot him down like a dog. He led us right through the bush, without ever speaking, till he came to a very long gully with steep sides, and about the middle of it he stopped, and pointing to a great half charred log, he said : ' ' Underneath that' « We rolled away the log and began to dig, taking it in turns. It was a lightish soil, and easy sinking, so that working with a will as we did, it wasn't long bofore we reached the body. ' It was in a horrible state of decay, but still it wasn't so far gone but what we could swear to it We left some ot our party with it, and then we started with Alick to take him to the police camp at Kajunga. Now, the creek about a mile tibove Kajunga runs at the ?, bottom of a tremendous precipice, 300 or 400 feet in height, and along the top of this precipice lay our road. The scrub is very thick about there, aud comes pretty well up to the edge of the cliff, so that there is but a narrow' pathway of a few feet in width. Well, I can tail you. my heart beat double quick, and I doa'fe think that any of u& felt quite at his ease'. Alick was walking by my side when he caught sight of Charley advancing towards him; With a yell of terror he rushed across the narrow pathway and flung himself headlong over the preci pice. 'He did it so suddenly that none of us could even offer to prevent him. I sprang to the edge of the cliff just in time to see'liim strike himself against a project ing granite boulder, and fall with a dull splash into the waters of the creek, which closed over him for ever. When I laoked round I saw the supposed ghost gazing over the precipice with an expression of horror and amazement in his face. 'This can't be anything but a man, after all, thinks I ; so I marched straight up to him, and I then saw at once that it was not Charley, thomgh the likeness was bo striking that at a short distance it .would have deceived any one. The mystery was soon explained. He was Charley's brother, Jack Smart, who, not finding him in Mel bourne, as he had expected, had come up to Kajunga to look after him. The even ing before he had missed his way, and got up to our tents. He had not replied to my welcome, because, being very deaf, he had not heard it Aiick's extraordinary behaviour npon seeing him had led him to believe that he was amongst a lot of candi dates Tor the Yarra Bend, so that while we were lugging Alick out of thje fire he quietly sloped into the bush again. Hav ing worked for several years along with his -brother in California, -K. had taken to dress exactly in the same style, which made the resemblance between them almost per fect Well, you may be sure, when the news of all this reached the township there was the devil U pay. Everybody knocked off work, and started off to Bee the place where the murdered man had been buried. There had been a pretty 'smart shower 8intfe we dug the body up, and as a Scotch man of the name of Campbell was looking at the grave he .saw something bright among the dirt that had been thrown up. He stooped down and picked it up, and' what should it be but a nugget of pretty nigh three ounces, a small piece of which had been washed clean by the rain. Well, hy jumped straight into the grave, and drove his pick in a£ once, and rush, oh ! was the order of the day. Chums were marked out on every side, the corpse was left to the care of Jack Smart and the police, who had just come up, and the gully was soon alive with the whole popu lation of Kajunga, mad with' ^excitement. I had marked out a claim about fifty yards both the grave claim, as it was called, and was hard at work sinking for my bare life Tvhen some one touched me on the shoulder. ' It was, Hepe. « «W«H,' says he, ' what I said has -*-me true : he found the chum, but he never handled the gold.' ' Well, whether it was chance or not, I cannot say, but everything he told us that night came to pass ; for that was the best rush ever known ou Kajunga, and the grave claim was allowed on nil hands to be the best hole on it ; and yet those who worked it never benefitted by it, for the two Campbells who had it, after working it right out, all except one pillar, at tempted to take that away without putting in proper props, bo the roof of the drive fell in on them, and they were both killed. What became of the gold they took ont of it was never known. No Government re ceipts were found either- on the bodies or among thdr tilings, nor could au ounoe of gold -be discovered, though search was made wherever it was thought they might have stowed it away. My belief is that they plaited it somewhere in the bush, bat where no one will ever know, for it ain't likely that pick or spade will ever be plied upon the old Kajunga again, . ' Vs ' And what amount of gold do you think they took out of the claim V said I. ' ' Well, me and my mate cleared nearly two thousand pounds a man after all ex penses paid. The American hole, which was the best lifter Campbell's, turned out, I know, upwards of five thousand pounds, so that I should th*ink there must be be tween five and six thousand pounds lying somewhere handy, if one only knew where to drop upon it. But prospecting for that lot amongst all these wild gullies would be but a poor spec, I reckon. And now, mates, mj7 yarn is clean spun out, and as I must be up with the sun in the morning I shall say good night.' ' * So saying, he knocked the ashes from his pipe, roiled himself in a blanket, and in a few minutes was sound asleep, an example we were none of us slow to follow.' 