THE WoiKIUG CF TEELAnFaCtT Wo extr.net the follow ing frw. tl,e l'^y^. nientiiry report of the Aqe :— Mr. Ti.omso.1 B»ked if it was incumbent on Hie Government lo isMie lenfes to radiums. Mr. .VVnlloch said thai if the land »aB in, properly taken np and K^irst tl.n in.,,,ti.,,l9 »f the act, it wouhl be a qn, Elion ns lo whether tllc' &uI7;'n«''. would iKFnc a lease-. Hon. Ihe O.n;niiMl»n;T of Crwn l'nd. I Aft, Hunlihc importance .if the sulije.t whuW f^iccly variant delay ; and, in tlu: nbs.W tlie Chief Secretary, -ir one of his colUarjucs would r,[,ly ,„ ]lis observations, and state 'hrtlier the Government would put a stop to (he evils now existing, some of which he in tended to bring under the notice of the Rou-e No one cnuhi accuse Lim of a imliti.nl motive in puitinutlic qm*-tion. Ills only object wns to draw ih« intention of llu- G.veinmeiit lo tli.; tact that, bou-i'MT good the intcntinu of the' Jram.rs of the Lard Act of 1865 may have | bi-en, the ixperience of the last Ifcw days provd thai it had uHi rly failed to accomplish the oh jai't Govc rnment had in view. The Speaker ruled that the lion, member could mt express opinions, but must confine lums. If to fiicts. Mr. M'Biiin miM that the qneslinn AemanieA the immcdiiitv attention of the House, and he hoped that he would be permitted to make a lew remarks on ihe sulije.'t. Mr. Macgregor moved the adjournment. Mr. M'Bain thought it would be better for him to confine himself to a few facts, and avoid the necessi.y for taking such o course a« that suggested. When the Land Act was passing tlie House, it wae stated by more than one member of the Government that it wgs not the intention of the Legislature thai the Government: nhnnM so administer the act that the whole of a squat ters run should be thrown open for selection at one time. It now appeared to be the prao tiec, instead of ofllring one-third of each run for selection, as was contemplated, every avail able acre of the run? situate in ttie western dis tricts was proclaimed opi n. He thought such «. procedure on the part of the Government was deserving the consideration of the Home It vaithe-inU-iiAin ol' the framersof tbe land Act that individual injury should be avoided ; nor was it expressed in any way that the land law should be otherwise administered. In place of a sufficient quantity of good land equal to the demand for actual settlement being thrown open, an area of four million acres was thrown open lor selection. Expcriei ce has proved that the demand for actnal sett'ement was not what it was BiipjHiBed it would be ; and a race of men bus sprung up, speculutor or mediums, or ghosts as they h»d been termed, called into fxKience by tlic working of the act. Of the ojieratione of these persons he had been fur nished with several illustrations. A gentle man in the Western district wrote to him to thiB effect :— ' You will be anxious to know that the whole of my run was offered for selection and almost every acre taken up by speculators' and, strange to say. ihoe gentlemen are now desirous to treat with me. I have made up my mind to wait and do nothing in the matter' (Cries of name.) He (Mr. M'Baiu) Considered the facts were too patent to the whole country to render it necessary he should name the writer ot the loiter. The communication went on to say that the writer was placed in a very extraorainarv position, with every acre swept away, anil left wit . a fariiily and some twelve thousand sheep, -n.i owning a single acre on which the sliei-p ccnld . be grazed. Another gentleman of experience wrote :— ' I know several men in and around Hamilton who are anxious to settle down on the lands, but, owing to the rush, few or none have yet obtained a single allotment, owing to the extraordinary epi-euiatirn going oil.' Another correspondent from Hamilton observed :— 'The way tlie, hill of 1865 worked here is most conflicting. The excitement is great by the land sharks taking up ail lots ballotttd for, and then selling them ito the squatter iat from 2a 6d t» 10s- per acre, according to tlieir presumed rame to 4he pre sent owner of the 1«nd, or to ihe value placed upon them -by1 the speculator. ? I never, saw a more demoralising, state of .things than ^nw exists here. Every labouring man is emjfl'vyed thy these unprincipled men, anjinowork is beiog dune, nil going to Ihejiijl/as'.tt is called, to :tnke their chance of drawing » ! pricr. ',If tliey', -Io not' net » lot then ]they get 25s. per dlein, . nnd if they get a selection then. luey dfnw 'frbru tlie bank enrae £30 to £40, or n-yi n £l()0, tOjlet !these snindlurs have tlic Inl thai otyawfi, who then resell to the rquatter. ' Nothing can stop this but tlie Govermetit. altering their plan of seleutiuu and causing *U lands oiwn for selection to be open in the [:esrtBt toivnship to : the land thus open, ana all lands to be open for selection on one nnd the some day. We have here, just now, above 2000 men, and I am «urry to add, ?women, who arc hired by speculators as dnm inies to tnku up laud on those conditions.' (Oiesofname.) Tiic writer, was a friend of the people. (Laughter.) -, He (Sir. McBnin) Was prepared to give the- names qt his corres pondents to. the . Government if necessary. Another gentleman from Hamilton, a equatter, wbo«ive» an account of wlmt was done thore, wrote :— 'Tlie number of mediums in Hamilton is enormous. One squatter bad from S00 to 400 mediums, and .was very unsuccessful In getting allotments. Whenever a squatter appears he is beset by mediums, who ask from XI to £S, and if successful, Is to. Ss 6d per Eore; according tothe quality of ihe land. Mediums are openly dispusatng prices, terms, *nd conditions. - There Arik lirn fnvnritMi BnrtR nf «npdiunm-— 1;1il- rpfliMipt- able men th»t ,c»n4-e truiteJ^ttod Hhe despe rately hafd-up that can never do good for him self or others j (men ;|pi ; about: opentf offering their names at. current, rates. ,;Wh»t aitateof things.' ; . i (Laughter, and cries .- of name.) ' * He desired to draw attention to » communication which '? appeared io A contemporary which brought before the House the actual «tate of the system. - (Cries of Name.) It wasthe letter of a -Cbrreipondent in the JTieraM. (Ironical oheers.) Tlie hon-jnember read the letter re ferred to and continued. He -ould deiire to impress upon the Government and tbe House thoneoessity ttiat eiisttd of: putting a »top to tbe operation of 'the !L«nd Act 'He was sure that the system could- not but operate preju dicially to' the value of the debentures or the colonv,'»hdwould deter^ny increase of popu lation. Ho would like to know'if any Instruc tions had been Riven to alter the mode of Jlirowlng open the whole of tlie runs for stluc tion. , . . S. ?: ' ..''? ;' '- ? - -' . : Mr. M'Culloch iaid he could not see in what ' ' way the operation of tlie Land Act could affeot tiie debenture! of the colony.. Whenever any new action was taken in opposition to tbe 'wishes of some hon. members, there was always' some allusion the effect such action would have -*n ibe money market In place of getting threepence or iburpence an acre for the land, 'they were ootainme two shillings an acre ; and if the land got into tbe nsnas oi meaiumawou did not fulBl the requirements of the law, tbe land would revert to the i-3rown, and could again be dealt with for the benefit of the State. He bad no proof that the act had failed. The h'on member bad read a letter from a news naiter which bad always opposed the passing of ihelroeasnte-fheart^and fhe '*on., member i»d further rcaa Some.coktoponaMce; Irani colleague -Mr. Grant), in order to ascertain whether it was the case that Hie lands were fiUimronly Into the hands of mediums; and,. Ute last evening, V (Mr- M'CuUoch) was assured that it was not as represented, but that the great bulk flf thejaud was obtaine4 by fe»w/rf««clectorB, and rtat the I^and A^t was working admirably. He considered: «)»j was ? auffident »et-bff againM the ertractt *hlch bad been read. With respect totta statement of ttie whole-jpT certain runs Mng thrown open fer ?electfon^WJsiBWfiwe *on. Member that many of *h-^I|Kgg^i!* ?election in 18B2, and tigg3&&2g2??* had, in the meantime, *eeffTnWfflW«™lBJ^ intention -wiA respect to the disposal ww lands. That it was a hardship In many cases, he did not deny ; and, it tbe Gprerainent conM have «o distributed the a«ec«on «o as to taro spread it nfcre generally 'over the colony^ they would faangone so , but the«Ct rfequlredtiiat four milUtfflfcf acres should be surveyed and open for Selection within three months from its passing; and the Government, in order to Accomplish till., oould only lake tht tod which had been already surveyed, and «iat which could be most readPy surveyed within the time, panted by Uie law. ffthe «y«ten» was worji ? ? — - ^= ' f ing badlv nil), rp^ard to n.-ciJiums thu sqtiiltt'T «ae alone to M-mL. jn eneoiirafiinj; them. Had they fctood nln^f, iiiFlead o! oflcrinp lar'u fum? of money, they would not now In- nt ilTc rnor.'v oflhedtmoiius offu.h acliips „] ii.t-n. If th'sj squatterR »,.tild Bll,,«- thc. lnn,i6 t» pan. (,uicily inln the linnris of ilior.. for »hrm Ihe net wns pawed, Ility would n-i[ sutler so imirli ris In Ihecoiirte they wr-ru punuinir, in iudueinc; llie s.Vflem of specnlatinn of which they no#..joni plnincd. It whs not Hie intention of |aV Go vernment to alier tlic system. It w:is tbe wish of tbe Government to tijunlije the distribution ot thc jand ojien for stk-utiun ; hut us far as the Government wpre nware the act was workine admiraldy. (Hear.) ? k ? 