AQUATICS. Regatta Season 1865 and '66. Balmain Regatta... ............"...St Andrew'« Day,30th Hov. Woolloomooloo Bay Regatta-:..Boxlns Day; 26th Deo. Humor1» Hill Regaua... ...Now Year'» Da/, Ut Jan., 1B8B. Anniversary Regatta _.."._.....26th Jan., IBAS. North Shore ..................SI Patrica's Dar, 12th March, 1886. As we predicted last-week, tho first southerly bre'oze brought in the long- looked foy Margarot Mitchell, with tho Alort's spars, and regular boomers they aro, qnite a oaution to tho unsophisticated. There is no doubt she is very heavily sparred, oqual to most yachts of a third more tonnage. A nautical friend of ours, not at all short in tito arms, doclarod that he could not clasp round the boom. lier moBt has boon estimated at an extreme length abovo board, most opinions ranging from 80. to 100 feet, G5, wo think nearer the mark. The bowsprit seems to us tho most extravagant piece of timber, and a spar we are not at all anxious to bo shipmates with. The main-sheet hands are not to bo envied their berth on a blowing day, she has, however, lots of beam, and will only roquire a full crew of working bands, otherwise the worthy Commodore will como to grief the first time he is caught in a southerly, to leeward of tho vonorable old North Head. Should the Alerto carry theso sticks, and all the canvas they will spread, ar she'.oayht to do in a breeze, he can say good-bye to tho rest of the fleet, and a pin for time for tonnage. In England out of the numberless yacht fleets, only one small vessel, the Kilmeuy has boon able to make her mark among the big Cftios,. she is one of Fyfe latost and best. . .English Bell'* Life doBcribes her aa the best boat afloat.- :' - When the Alorte is all ataunt we suppose the B.S.Y.5. will fix the opening trip: the season, is advanoing apace, and it is high time tho Commodore hoisted his pennant. By the time the various crews have well got tho run of the ropes, the Balmain pqoplo will bo holding out a tempting bait for the competition of the clippers; apropos of which the Balmain Committee and the yacht, owners aro rather at sixes and sevens. The Surprise complained of bud treatment some years ago ; and more roeently the owners of the Xarifa, Peri, and Ida had a brush with the Committee, sinoe which tho B.S.Y.S. have fought shy of St Andrew's Day. Wo trust, for the sake of sport, that all these little differences will be overlooked, jarid that every true yaohtsman will join to make the first event of tho Beaeon a brilliant one. The pretty little Peri has changed hands, to be delivered when Mr Dangar leaves for England (shortly). She is a real bargain, to her purohaser, being a thoroughly sound good vessel- fitted, finished, and found regardless of expense. It is to be hoped that Mr Dangar will not be long absent from the K.S.Y.S. ; his plucky caroer with his Uret'love-the Peri-entitles him to tho respect of all true yachtsmen i and wo trust that on Iiis return ho will have promoted himself to tho Command of a fifty ; and although now a Bonediot, still retain hiB old affection for blue water and a trip to Mullet Island. ' . Z, ? ? The open boat doss aro adding rapidly* to their, num- bers-nearly every week one or two fresb ones aro try- ing their qualities, with soino of the old favoritos;,: Tho .lassie Yates.(of Woolloomooloo) lauuohed a short time since played her orew an ugly trick last week, dropping from under them into the doepost hole in Middle .Har- bour, giving , them all . an ugly .swim ashore in "a very thorley,neighbourhood. She was laying becalmed.close to tho sandspit, when a sudden north east puff filled bor blatantly. ? ' -. . -.-.'.'-.J. . .. VANDEBDECKEN'S GHOST. . THH-PÀÏB QA» BAOS.-Both;poire 'are': goîrijg' op swimmingly j and confident of success. The' final- deposit ts to be made this evening, and' no doubt a good deal of money will bo put on in bets, when all the stakes' are posted. At present the public are with.tho youngsters, and wo hoard that offers were going about; of £20 to £12 oh them! ' Still this will not win them the race and White and'Day have no idea of being boaton without showing a bold:front; ? ." ?.??'h.-, : 