? . . . RELIGIOUS. . Free Church, West Maitland.— On Wed nesday evening, a meeting of the congregation of this church — convened at llio instance of the Kirk .Session, by ?intimation fiom the pulpit — was held in the church, to express their views in reference „ to the General Union of Presbyterians to be con summated on the 8lh proximo. There was a large attendance. The pastor of the congregation, the Rev. Mr. Mackenzie, presided, and opened the pro. ceeilings with praise, rending the scriptutes and prayer. ? After the appointment of clerk to the meeting, tlie minutes of the congregational meeting tlelct on me llHIl l^eceiuuer, joui, were re»ui uuu confirmed. Mr. Mackenzie then made a length ened statement, in which he fully entered into ihu subject on Union — pointing riut rather minutely die course be bad pursued in the matter up to the pro sent time, and announcing his intention uf entering the comprehensive Union which is to take place on the 8th of next month. Mr. Duncan M'lnncs moved — ''That inasmuch as the arrangements under which the contemplated Presbyterian Union I jti the colony is to be effected involves a grevious I departure from the truth, this congregation resolves ' to repudiate the very idea of ever joining said Union in its present form.' Mr, Donald M'Lean ' seconded the motion. Dr. Liddell moved, as an amendment— ' That this congregation, without expressing any opinion with regard to the prelimi nary Union iffected in November, 18G4, learns with much satisfaction that it is the intention of their ministers to join the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales next month, and that convinced of the desirableness of a satisfactory Uirton, and believing the basis on which ihe different sections of the Presbyterian Church proposes to unit'.', to be sound and scriptual, the congregation feels it to he their duty to connect themselves with the United Church, und rcolve lo do so accordingly,' Mr A. Dodds seconded, and Mr Arms- rou-; supported) the amendment. Mr. M'lunes having replied the congregation voted with the following result . — For the amendment, 90 ; for the motion, HO — majority for the former, GO. There were teveial present who did not record their votes on eitliei aide. The chairman remarked that the majority was to be considered the congregation. On the motion of Mr. J. \V. Pundcr, seconded by Mr. William Gibb, the clerk was instructed to send a copy of the resolution pledging the congregation So , join the Union, to the Moderator of the geiicial as sembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales when formed. The meeting wa3 closed with the benediction. — Ensign. Clerical Ciiangi'.s. — The Rev. J. T. Duune, who has lately been stationed at Raymond Terracj, bus been appointed to the district of Penrith, which For some time past has been without a resident cloi iryinan. Until further arrangements, Raymond Terrr.ce will be attended by the neighbouring clergy. — freeman's Journal, August 14. Ecclesiastical. — Our small band of clergy will soon be increased by the addition of six priests who were to leave Europe eiirly in August. Two were educated in Crtrlow, two al All IIhJIowos, and two in Mnynnoth. At the present time, when several of the our parishes :ie without resident clergymen, and many large districts are anxious to obtain the services of prte.-ls, this increase to our cir-rgy will be most welcome. We may look i'or Ilivir arrival eaily in November. — ibid. The Rf.v. J. Gib3on. — A correspondent (if the S. M. Herald writes that ;i very numerous nueiing took place in the CuiirfrcgB'iciiMl Clmon, Cmiip 1 idltnwn, for the pnrpn-i' of we coming tlic li.'v. John Gib.iuu on lna leinni from England. The mi'uiing, -ifter the ton, was prcs:ded ever by l^ie Rev. J. Gibsiiii. ft Jr. J..mt's Burking, one of the deacons, spuke of ihe giatiiode which the members of the church felt on account of the return of their pnvtor, and he impressed lli--ii- earnest desire for his .highest welfare and usefulness. Ths chairman ex pressed bin dei'p sense of the kindness which hud . , be n shown to himself and his wife, and he also read an address to the Hov. E. Rnuiusnn, who had presided over the church in iiis .iliiuner. Mr. Uobinson made a siiitnblejpccch in i-pj.ly. The :- meeting wan also addiessed by tho Revs. Mr. r' ifl'Ki-o, and S. Huniphrie.', as well aa by .Mr. Given :.. and Mr. Row. Nr.w Presbyterian Church — Tho ceremony of laying the fuundation-stone of a new Presbyte rian Church at Golden Grove, took place ois .Mun aay afternoon, July 21. The weather on the ijh rasion whs very boisterous and unfavourable; hit:, notwithstanding 'hat, there was a lurgu ittlomlniice of spectators. The proceedings were commenced by tho sinking of n hymn, after which the Ri-v. Mr. Drumuioud road a portion uf the Scripture--, and off red up prayer. He then read a copy ol'lhe document which was in the bottle, and which w..s placed under the Htnne, stating the object of- ihe building, and giving the nmue of tho trustees'. Thy -Sv rev. gentleman then performed tlieuiual cuemony .of laying the stone, and proceeded to addier-a those i assembled in eloqiunt and appropriate terms. '1'he fervioe was concluded by the singing of a hymn, and the offering of n prayer, by the Re.v. J It. J'ur guaon, of Salisbury. The assi.-mbl.ine then ad journed to the schoolroom, which was filled, lo hear a lecture on ' Th.- Scottish Covenantors ' given by the Rev. James Lyail, of Adelaide. The lecture,' which was uf a very interesting nature, 'jirafT lis teni'd to with marked attention throughout'. At the '. close of the lecture a collcciim was matfe on be ' half of the building fund, and amounted to J;LJ. The building is intituled to accommodate 200 per sons, and is situated upon a piece of land granted for the p'uipose hv Mr Robertson. ? The structure, when completed, will have a very pleasing appar aticn, and its. cost will be about il'JiiO, of which afnouut about £210 has already been contributed. —Adelaide Observer,- July 2«. . Tin; Rt:v. W. Taylor.— The Rev. W. -Taylor, a ?;-? minister of the Wosleyan denomination from California, -r and who is now on a visit tn the Australias for the belie, fit of his health and for the purpose of raising funds tnnnuls the rc-ereotion of his church in Sim Francisco, which wns unfortunately burnt down some lime nico, ind whose visit to this colony has been anxiously looked for ' by the members of the Wesfeyan Church, arrived by the Penula, on Sunday morning, hiiiI preached in Pirie Ktreet diapnl in tlie ifternuim and evening. Mis success as a preacher has been undoubted, and great revivals have taken place wherever he has visited, Tim chapel was crowded nt both services, but more particularly in the uveuini!, when numbers of persons went away, being unable lo obtain admittance. Theiev. ceiilleiuan dis coursed in the afternoon from Acts i. 8— ' Hut ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you ; and ye shall he witnesses unto me both in .Jenisa lani.and hi nil ,ludea,;iml in Samaria, ami unto the ut termost part of tlie enrtli.' Those were the last word* ? of Jesus Christ, and the rev. gentleman referred to the deep impression of the last words of a beloved friend on the eve of departure were calculated to make iipini his relatives nr friends, and the impression made upon the disciples by those last words of their bclurud Lord ami Master, lie pointed out ilia promise contained in the text, ami which was fulfilled in a striking manner on the day of Pentecost, when many souls were added to the Lord; The position iif the Christian Church in Jndea iu that day was referred lo.and th'J many disadvantages they then laboured under in the ilis^eiiiiiiaiion of the truth. Thete were no external evidences of power like the Christian Church possesied in the present day ; but the disciples waited in faith for the outpouring of the Holy Spirit upon them, which tlir.y received, and that was the source of nil the power they afterwards w?re possessed of iu their proclamation of the truth. He then impressed upud the minds of his hearers the fact that the fulfilment of the promise of fiving the Holy Spirit demonstrated the truth or the Saviour's promise and of the Gospel to the end of the world. It was the name truth and the same Gospel now as then, nnd just iia easily obtained by those who earnestly sought it ; and tlie same manifestatioi s uf the Spirit could be obtainilU' now as then by their asking in faith ; if they received not it was because they asked amiss. Access tn Christ wns just as free. God was iu their mills as He was with His people hundreds of years nsio. In conclusion, he in vite:! all tn ask for, and earnestly seek to obtain, the spiiit of God to their everlasting salvation, and itiprcs sud upon them the duty and responsibility restinp; on all with reference to cariii}; for the spiritual welfare of others, lirtlui evening Mr. Taylor prciiched from Kzekiel, xxxiii 11— 'As I live, snith the Lord God, I have no pleasure in the death oi the wicked ; but that the w ieked turn from his way and live ; turn ye fmm your evil whys; for why will ye die.' He first directed attention to the words of the Almighty contained in the lirst part of the text, from which en cmirnscmclit eon!:! he taken. All were invited to live. Gml willed not the death uf any one, hut wished all lc- turn tii him und he saved. In those words he showed ihe feulinps of tenderness nnii of naternal love v.hinh He felt towards them, and which He would continue to feel lowanis t.icm it tney tunica not irnin Hun anil grieved not His Holy. spirit. In solemn «r.d impressive langii OKt; he told them that God was not unly a sympathetic aiidjlovins; father, but a righteous sovereign, and warned them of the fearful consequences of a refusal to turn and live. The question was one of life and dentil, and it was ol the utmost Importance that a decision should heat once made. He pointed out the heavy responsibility and agency of man in the matter. All had been done by the Almighty that it was possible fur Him to do, and if re fusal was persisted in, man passed sentence of death upon and placed himself iu a position from which it was utter hopclsvsuess to cnde.-ivuur to frue himself. The rev. gentleman, towards the end of his sermon, paused, and asked all to indulge in a few minutes' silent reflec tion and prnyer, when an intense feeling of solemnity pn-vailed, duiin^ which he sang a hymn, and afterwards concluded .his discourse by again forcibly impressing upon bis hearers the importance of immediate decision in the matter of their soul's salvation. A prayer meet ing was held after the service, when the body of tlie chapel wes filled- Mr. Taylor preached evory evening iluiiug the week, except Saturday ,to large congregations in Pirie-street chapel. — Adelaide Observer, July 29. Affiliation Cask — John Ilanuell appeared before the bench to answer a charge of this kind preferred rgainst him by Ch nlotte Jimeiton, for refusing to support an ill'geiiniate female child, (if which he was the father. Mr. Thompson appear ed for the pros'jciitiiii, and Mr Hrigg* for the de fence. —Charlotte linierioii dejioai-d : Tho defen i ant is the person I complain of in my information, which is true ; the cbiid was born on the 27ili of April, 1805, and isafeinalo; I formrrly lived at liexham, but now at Alaiilaud ; 1 first became criminally intimate with .Mr. liaiinell on the 2-1 :h ofOctuber, lSGl, utmy hi oilier'* house, and ag iin very shortly cfier at my mother's house ; I made an appointment iu meet him ul thn Ivist Mailland .-tat ion by the midday train on a Mond,.y in July ; I did meet him nt tint appointed timn; hu told me to gut into tht Morpcih train aurl lie would get ilie tici-.et ; lie came inlo the carriugo ni\d we sat aide by-side ; when we gut to Morpvlli lie told me to follow him till we got past the church on tin: hill; at'ter we wt^re out of si.^ht of houses an improper iHtercotir.se took place ; when we were near tiie racecourse annihcr improper intinncy took place; in October, 1SU1, I knew I was in the family way, but did not say anylhini; to Ilaunell about it ; did not Ipive any improper inteicntirso with any other persons which would have resulted in lie birth of the child ; when I nccu-cd Il.innell ofbeinj! tlitf 'iitber of it, he said he was not ; I k-u.w Maine 1 is well-to- do iu the world; I h ive no me ms ? f support for the child. — Uy Air. Iiriggs : In October last I knew I was in the f,mily-way, but I did notti-ll Hauellso till nfer the child was born ; I did not t.-ll any one that the child belongs to some other than llautiell; I received letters Irom Timothy Croniu about six mouths before tho liirlh of the child ; be did not spcik about the stau: I was in ; I have the letters yet ; know one Henry llayden ; I only received one lotttr . from him ; I was never disirc-s ed at the contents of it; I did not wain to marry him ; I did not threaten lo run nwiy if my mother would not ]»t me ' mxrry him ; no improper intercourse look pla.e belv.eun me and William Summers nr G.-orgc Aklnirsl ; 1 v/J« nt. W-iilscnri wit-i Hnydi— ; my clothes wore not disturb d wbi-.i I emu b«i:k.— ChiM-iille II y-!i-ii deposed : I .-im iuoIIht of tin1 i.vmpl .inmii ; i wa it'! aware that she was iu the liimily- ivay till Klitirll V liL-l'uru the child win him ; 1 went over to ll.-mmsl's; saw \\!r. hii-1 Mr., Ilanuell . tillu-d to Ili-iniell about the baiiy ; tuld him he wns the f.illiiM- of it ; horiiid il w nil.-l have In hi- pnu-ed , I a-kvil him In c«ine nv-r, and hi' and Mrs. l!iiiiii»ll 'lid so ; [ aski'i! !;iin ii'he was at Morpcth v.-ilii mv datigh.er, and he iJiti'l, '? Who saw iislliuru 1' I (Inn I'll.l him it w ,s n shainn for him to h-.nl liei a-v-.y inlotiii: IiihIi ; ll.iimeil said, ' Mi: take her iuio'tho bush ; ' he ituid thut if Clinrlottc had told me uf her being in the funiily-way the baby wi.uld not have crine into tin- world without a frcck ; liunncll did not chn-ge any lvul for tlie lion-io we livi'd in.— Hy Mr. iirijigi : I saw Cro .in ubutit niy pluce once or twice ; 1 lake no notice ul such pir mins an lii.l Summers and Thum.ic Akhur.-l. — Jet'nio ^iiierloti di-p --si'-l ; 1 am u son uf Mrs. Iliydeti ; ktmv llonry llayden; he was down al llftxliiim about the find of September, 18(i.) ; in May he whs down, and leniiiiiuid abnut u wct-k — he ieft ;lie inorniiiK ihe licv. Mr, Uud.l di-d ; he n 't st. ip at Mrs. Ilayden's all the time. Uy Mr. lirifigs : My sister is a veiy quiet gil ; I iiiii not aware of any improper intimacy having taken plice helweeu H.iyik'n and my liiniei.— Mary Ann Ilanuell deposed: lam tin; wife of dcfc-ndanl; k'ii)-A- cdiipla'nant — limy wcro trnantn of my Iiih band ; i-t-iiKintJcr Mrs. 1 1 a \ d ? 1 1 coming in afiethe ci ild was born ; I think I reco'lect fomething being said about Morpeth ; she said the h.tny was my ..Uibauii'.i ; the complainant said that sh.i met him al Hut M.iitland, ..ml they went to Morpeth. By Mr. Iiriggs : I have known the complainant six or seven yoais ; always thought her an hiinest and steuily girl. — Thomas Si'dn-y d-.'pujml : f am (.mm id ail. I head-porter on the Morp.Mh branch of he Great Northern Railway ; ilo not remember uce ing the complainant and defendant going to Mor peth shortly utler tl oop'euing of the Mo.rnetb I tie ; 1 know Mi'. Ilaunell.; I can't, say that I have ever seen Mr. Unnnell in Murpctb.— Kmily Kiner ton (wife oX. Jclhro Kmerton) deposed : Mrs. Hayden called me in at tlu birth of the child ; Mr. utid Mrs. Ilanuell were both present; lluunell said Charliitle ought lo h-.ve let him know, and there would have be.-u preparations for the con lineincnt, and that the child would not have come into the world without a frin.-k ; .Mrs, llriunell was present, and s iid that if it was bin hu should itiil'er for it; my uiiild w.is liuiu on the 0;h October, 1801 ; u M». llonrv Haydun i)iii*ht have been du'tu iiboui a week, but not it mouth. — - 'John Mannell deposi-d : I ilun't romtiiuber going iu Mnrpi'th wi:h I lie complainant; rcinumbei goMis; with my wife to lur'inoth'.'i'^ h ue; I de nied being the- fuller of it ; I never m- iitiuiied anything about a frock ; I did have improper iiflercuur-.e with her in October, 18G-1, and pave the girl linlf-a-suverei»n ; I will swear that mi «r about ihe 2fith July I was not st- cu wnlkinp throuL'h Morpeth with ihe girl following me ; all that she has snid about me guing to Morpt.-th with her is a lot of lies.— G?nr^.. U'eakley d -posdl : .1 liave known the complainant seven yeirs, and nil that time have tluught her to be a girl of very good character. — Thumbs Akhnrst depiHud : I am a carpenter at Cixer's ; know cuinplniiiat ; I used to live at lir-xhain; I'lid criniiuul intercourse with her about futir years ago ; »she was not very big then ; 1 am now about 18 years of age ; 1 will not swear I was not horn in 1810 j I told Mr. Uannell about two years ago that I had connec tion with complainant.— Catherine Salisbury de poned : I live at Newcastle j I knew coinplainuut at K.iiiucll's public-hotlse at I lex ham ; complain ant was slopping there for five or six days al the lime uf ihe Hoods, and slept in tlie same bed with me ; nothing extraordinary uccurri-d in ln.'t charac ter at that time, I have seen complainant crying over a letter, which I found out v.m from a man named Ueniy Hayden, her sweetheart; she said she wished In g'-t married in him, and if her mother would not let her cht- would do soinslhing which wuuld make her consult to the marriage.— Coun- sel for the defendant was heard, and. the beiiah concluded thut llaimoll was tho lather of the child, and they adjudged him tu p ij' 12s. Cd. per week fur 12 mouths, professional, costs of £'1 2». wero applied for, und granted. — Ensiyii, August 12. PaorosED Establishment of a Nuw In dustiiy. — The Empirnsays: — It will be seen by our advertising columns that nju'iil stock com pany, of a most important interest to this colony, has been started for the minufactiire of g lass and porcelain. The board uf directors is composed of gentlemen well known us pMS.-ips.sing both high character and undoubted wealth. Mr. Wulfskehl is a partner of the bunking- house uf that name iu Hesse Darmstadt, and is said to be perfectly conversant with the manufacture of glass mid porcelain. Although this company is now brought before the pub lie, still we understand that important arrangements have been gone into with parties in Germany fur securing lo the company the service of winkers in glass and porcelain, that country being the most celebrated in thu world for these beautiful manufactures. As lo profits arising from this undertaking we cannot luvc a doubt, os the district fixed on appears us if it had been crca'cd for a glass factory. TliCsand has been proved to be of a quality for glass supeiior lo any in ICurnpe, and the qunirTit.ies of porcelain stone of a quality superior to the Ger man, I'Vench, and Knglish, are very large ; also, there are on the company's estate coal scams to a great extent. 1 t appears from the prospectus t that it is proposed to establish the works at Btir wuud, near Newcastle, at which place Ihe pro moteis have secured a tract of land, and other ad - vantages suited to their operations, they believe, beyond parallel. The laud abounds in sand und nnrt!nlnin utnnn. of th*? vi-t-r bi-st (Ichcriiitiriti for glass and p..rci-lain. A coal mine is on the estate, and n railway to the port of Newcastle passes the snot selected. A pottery in full work is alre uly on the Innd, giving a profit. The list of directors published includes the lining of Dr. Mitchell, Mr. I-'. Lord, ,Ur. G. II. Allo-.vay, Mr. \V. Wolf-ikebl, and Mr. .\i ich-.it.-l Muteaif.' West Maitlino Kkoatta.- -Phizes I'ott Iliviiu.uuu.T UuiVrs,— On Thursday evening a meeting of the committee, who so sit ct-ssl'ully car ried out the arraiigumsius of the late regatta «l West Mailland, was huid al llm Cmnmurcial llolel, to make aiiaiigemeuts fur a special race (during the next re^.i.t), b.tween buiiij bui.t iu this dis trict, The committee, after pnyiu-r all expenses iiicuired by the late regatta, had iJ.'S.j balance left, and nt the uneting on Thursdiiy evening they re .solved, in order iu encourage the local amaleur construction uf good di!-viceuli!e boats which may be ol use in tines of flood, to oil'.!.' prizis t-i il.e crows and builders of bo-ns who, for three months previous iu iln.- nice, shall bo resident iu ihe Hunter diHtrict, above llihton. Tlu-'prizes fixed were first and « cond of €ll- and £.'J to the crews, and £H and £4 In builders ; entrance fee, 20i. by tha crew and 20s by the builders, who are to scud in their names on or before January 1st, !8(i(i. Steps have been thus early taken to allow sullicient time fur the construction of bouts intruded to compete, ihe tegutta takes place on next, nnuiver.-ary day. The ' S. A. Register ' of Wednesday, state' that ' information reached Adelaide, on Monday August 1, ihatuvu blacks had been killed al M.-ssra Luke's btuliun, Youlmcaroo, near Harrier Ranges and so far as we are able to ham the pauicul -rs are as follows : — On the Mill May, a hUck upf; ied to Mr. Lake fur peiinis^io.i to visit a flock of ewes and lambs, siiepneid-.-d by a lubra, abuiit half a mile from the blalion. l'i rinis.'-ion wai rclused, as he hail a number of du^s with him, whi.-h, it was suspected, hail destroyed suine lambs which were found ilead ihi! nielli before, lie, however, went, and on n'tuvuin:!, »ai taxed with his dis. biulience, and cuiiliuneil nut to lepeat the visit. Ilu then iisked .?nil olitriillL'd 'leave lo bring ih-r hinse up to ihu tlation ill the mo:iiin^; but it -i Mr. L:.ki; wa.s proci'eiiinj; lov.-ui'd.-! tlu Inn, il. slant anuut J00 yards fr;;isi thu wmli-y?, lie wa» uveitiikcn by the liliick, whu :eiy.^d him by the culiur, ami n«.-ld a spear in a threatening pusi.iun over his hcud. Air. l.ak. Keiz-.'d and biokn the weapon, mi'l .-1 tick ihe native ui.h a poilion of it, who thereupon luaue oil', hhuitly ul'ii.'1'wai'ds, in comp iny with a po.so:i na::!«J Mal'iMcy, Mr. uvka si:t out fuiAi l.cality s-jine two miles oil', where a Hack uf weanors was being slu'pl-ctded by auuth.r black, who, ii ua believed, wuuld be juined by the nalii-u alre-d) mciitiuiied. On rcuciiing the spt, the two blai.ks came upon Mr. Lake from d ll'.-ien'. (j-iarUirs, and one of them speared him, the weapon l-reak'n^ nil' and ieav.n^ abutil nine inchc-i of it^iixed in his iiack. Mr. Lake then li.-cd at liisitsjailuul with »:iui, and the 'ji her nativ,', u lio hud iu thu meainviiili cunis.up behind him with ill-.- evident iutontion uf striking him with a Inavy waddy, was ciiciiuuterod hy Tuuloiiey, win) felluit him with n stroke of u .iword he held in his hand. The black who had first come upon Mr. Lake then cndoavuiiud to stab that gcnllcma'i with a sharp poiinul waddy, auu sub-eqiielitly Fitcuccded in wrestling iheswoul from Mnlonoy. Mr. Lake, ihiireupun Hprang on him, ii'id stabbed him wi h a knife, alter which he ?jcrnmb.i;d over the siuepyaid, und maile - 11'. The two whites ih-.ti returned lo Ihe hut, where il was found neeea.iury to cut the clothes off Mr. Lake's buck, and ihc spear head vv;n only exiracittd with great ditliculiy. The next mouiiny persons were sent to look afcr the blacks, and camo upon, two new made graves, out of which two bodies of abo riginals were dug, conjectured to be those uf tin blacks engaged in the figll^ uf the day before, il being supposed that the Inbras had buried them during Ihe night. We underst-uid that the police authorities have taken dl. [is to cuu-e an olliciul in vestigiiti.il I./ be nude into the all'iir.' Two miners, who have lately been prosiiecting for gold iu ii difficult part ul ihu. country, on tue rivr La Trobe, have brought to town some small specimens of a mineral which seems to possess some of the properties uf tlm krrusene shale. The Illi nois report thil th.-y found a Vuvt mass of thu min eral stretching across ihu river and into the hill on both siiLs They brought some (['laruit os uf it from ihe surface, but their borse.t died under ill'-1 fatigue to whic-i they were exposed on the juuriiuy down, unH iIiimi; Sdiuplus, theiMl'on', h.d t.j b.: ab.il). doned. 'Die lnine.nl i- li»li', thuu.;h coally in in nature, ami burns -.vii-iii n.xpoied t» a brisk bc.it Ihu situ nt'll.e discovery in mil far f om the (iipp-i Land road, and it sbuiild be fu'lowed up. — Aigii., Auguai ?!. On l'riday i'v,-ni|ij», tbo very clever company of anvitciii-s, known as i tie (Itinter Amateur Minslreh, will t-'ive a en. .cert at tfri Asieiuti y imiuiu, fur th-j hcnefii of tlm Church of Kii!-!und Deii'imiiiiiiuiwil Schoal. 'I'iii -i company has given bcnifil.i for ki.vcib! insiiiutioiii and drawn crowded hoii-ea ,.t n,\ oflliem, realising hatuUomv sj^;ns f.-r the n'jects towituis ttbich 'tlie proceed.-) were tn be di-voled At a concert they guve for the Mechanic*' Institu tion at Singleton, they h .tided over ,C.'};i lo thu trustees of tiie institution ; at one fur the hospiul iu tli£.vimc town they r .-alined a profit of l;';iO, and fur the W.st Mailland Uuud Fund i'.'JO They have ul-io |ilayed fur the Kast Maitland .School of ArtH, foi- the School of Arts, Moipeth, and other places with ihu greatest success We have, no doubt their success will be equally as great hi'ru, for miinl-.ers of persons aie anxious to hear the troupe, which has ihe, reputatian of In.-iui; the host amateur hand of Kthiopiau minstrels iu the colony. ? Mc'ss-s. Failing und ChitUtiden, with their company, will also give an instrumental limI ICtlii opiau concert at the Assembly Itootn on Saturday eveuing. A man named John Antonio, cook and steward Of the barque John, died in the hospital on Monday, the 14th instant. The cause of death is stated to have been disease of the heart and lungs. PitEMiuvTr.iitAN Cutmcit, Raymond Teiiiiacf.. — Tu iilers for scan, platfurin, &c.;, lor this ciiurob will be received till the 17th imtt. ^ Jin. James Han.nell.— We are infurmed that a memorial, got up at some hole- and-corner meeting, and calling upon Mr. .lame's llamiell lo resign, the. oflice of churchwarden, was hawked about Newcastle yesterday The labours of the. two gentlemen who had charge of thc 'loinuucnt had been almost profitless, fur the signatures are very few anil far between. iS'o reason is given why Mr. Uannell ought to resign, only that the memorialists desire for their csjiucial satisfaction that be should do so j but ivo are afraid there is nut. much cbancu uf ihui r wish being gratified. Tiif. Macquauik Fihf. 'Uhioade.— A nieetiiiK of the .Macquarie l-'iru Brigade was held at the lirick layer's Arms, on the. evening of the Kith instant. The Foreman reported that .Mr. Hnwtlen bad ollercd to lease to the brigade a patch of proiiml for the purpose uf erecting an Piigine-house upon. Tlie lease is tu be for a term of years, at a rental of £1 pur 'annum, which, i[ was stated, wuuld be given by Mr. lluwilen as a dona tion to the Krignde. It was resolved that Mr. llowden's oiler should be accepted, and th.it Messrs. Chandler and Edwards be appointed to have a lease drawn out. ami to make what other arrangements they might consider ne cessary ; ami also, that Mr. Homirius should be ap pointed collector to the Urigaile. 