Moderx loujTo Ladies. — If Queeu unarn tie, oi snun-uuang memory, snoum revisit the glimpses of the moon, she would sec and hear much to moke her venerable hair stand on end. She would stare in mute horror at a porkpie hat ami 3iiuuuer ui me siaiig wnicn now-a-uays sups so nuturaliy from the lips of sweet seventeen. But what would astonish her most— what would appear to her to aiuouut to little letm than a social revolu tion—would be the total disappearance of that element of distance and reserve .vliich marked the relations between youog persons of the opposite sex iu her days. The theory of a young lady's position is so altered that her grandmother would not recognise it for the same which she herself occupied iu all the dory of a highly frizzled head and a pretermitutally shortened waist blie was regarded and treated much as a tender lamb in th« near vi.inity of wolves. The approaches to the fold -ere strictly guarded. A duenna, clothed with despotic powers, warned off male ma rauders. This lamb-and-wolf theory is quite exploded. Young ladies are no longer lamb like in anything, except it be in the sportive agility with which they frifUc over the barriers of etiquette. Nor is tho male sex credited now-a-days with the wolfish propensities with which a prudish generation invested it A better understanding exists l-etwecn the young people of the two sexes. They mix with each other much mare, and know each other much more intimately. The wall of partition which used to divide them has been thrown down. Tho per* yadingtoneof their coinmou everyday relsitfous is no longer one of btitlhess and formality, but of boyisli frankness and easy familiarity. For good or for evil, young-ladydom. has abandoned its old attitude towards the othar sex of armed obser vation. For good or for evil, it has been driven by the pressure of its matrimonial exigencies to emancipate itself from the thraldom of old fashioned notions of propriety. It has quitted tb? old defences, and goes forth notv-a-dajs to encounter loan, as diplumatisU say, 'on its own responsibility.'— Saturday Review ANlNTERESTiNa Inoioent.— On Sunday afternoon, July 31. the sacrament of baptism wa« administered upon the stump of one of the trees of the Mammoth Grove, in Calaveras County, Among the visitors at this interesting place at the time were two Presbyterian clergymen, one from San Francisco and the other from Stockton, who officiated on the occasion. The proprietor, with his estimable wife, presented their infant ana only child, which, in the name of the Triune God, and by the form generally used in tho Presbyterian Church, received the name of George Sperry Graham, The exercises were solemn and the cir cumstances peculiar. That passage of the Sacred Scriptures in which our Lord and Saviour save the command to His disciples to ' Go, teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,'' was read as a part of the exercises. Hard by stood some of these wonderful trees as Ben.tir.fls, in solemn silence, save the gentle sighing of the breezes of heaven. And the (act that this very tree, on the smooth auu solid stump of which we then stood, was not only about the antipodes of Judea, but was also a living growing thing when our Lord uttered the words which weru thon read, all seemed to make the admin'utr^tiun of this ordi nance peculiarly solemn. Th.ere was ljere a living link which bound, better than }8 centuries of time, the very eqds of the earth together. WhiUt there have been mimeruus instances of divine service on this very stump, which will comfortably accommo date 100 persons, this U the first instance of the : administration of either of the sacraments.— American Paper. j Law Rbpoeti.vg.— Aii English paper says:-' The (Committee appointed at the inceMnc of the Bar held in Decemlier last on the subject o! law reporting have inirle their report 4 is a document of considerable length, hut the main I features of its recommendations^ apart from do I tails, may be summed up t*s fojlows:— The fchome ! of reporting tbe Committee propose is to bo untie j i the management of a Council composed oi Kure- ? sentatives of the different Inns of Court to include the Attorney and Solicitor General and the Queen's Advocate for the tUno taing, there beinj! a paid Secretary, Tbe. reptutf are to be prepared by reporters under the supervision of editors, the cases to bo reported being wlected upon the prin j ciple o{ rejecting all such as are useless as pre i touents, The reports are to be published in I parts— monthly, with regard to some of iht series, and as often as convenient as repari i othew. The salaries of the two edikoa are fixed al I £M) a year each, and those of the reporters range ' from £.7W to £250 each. The editors and reporter) : are to be barrister!*, ai',J art to be appointed and removable by thr. Council; und in their setectior. i the existing olh'ciat reporters are to have prioritj j of tlaiir,. The profession are to he invited tu *-ul- iicrilie to the report at tlie following scale o: prices : — For the eutire nut, live guineas pel 1 anmua; tha common law series, three guineas for the equity series, three guineas : or the appel iate RerieR, two guineas. It is considered ess'intia for the carrying out of the scheme that tho aggrc gate ainouut of subscriptions, inclusive cf any aa , wince from the Consolidated Fund, shall icacl i £IU.WO at least, and -f they fall short of this amount the list may lie. cancelled, and fresh iub scriptiuns bt ii\vite-I at increased rates. The prici to npji-sul,icribers is to' be one-third more than t- huhscribers. A Hor.se Committing Suicide.— Tin ; following ii forwarded to us by Mr. E. Hire '? M.K.O.V.S., Penzance, Cornwall:— 'A curion case was broucht under ray nonce (some little- tim since of a horse that was living on a common, -ia- doing no work, attempting to commit suicide b; } making his way to the sea, which was in cloa proximity, and deliberately locking into it, am lying down to drown hinjself. lie was, how ever, seen, and, help being at hand, rescued Some little time after he more than endea ycfiiTod to destroy himself by the same method as this time hu succeeded in effecting his purpose.' — The Veterinarian. 