THE MUNICIPAL ELECTION. When Cr Bowden resigned his seat and Mr Kelsall announced himself as a candi date to fill the vacancy, there was every prospect that this gentleman would have a walk-over. The fact of his having gathered some experience in matters municipal by previous service was much in his favor, and few cared to trouble themselves one way or the other. Mr Kelsall was supposed to be as good as any other man, and as no other man stepDed forward to contest the seat, his return was looked upon by himself and his friends as secured. At the eleventh hour, however, and as a sort of forlorn hope, Mr Price was applied to. The feeling was strong that Mr Kelsall Was not exactly the man that " the doctor ordered ; " that, in point of fact, reviewing his former career, the balance of his public votes was on the side of selfishness. There was another matter also, to which reference has already been made, and which had rendered him un popular with the ratepayers; but as we think he has been hit quite bard enough on that score, we shall not now pointedly refer to the Chinese nuisauce, of which Mr Kelsall is supposed to be the chief protector. Had any man of influence and standing in the town opposed the first declared candidate, he, Mr Kelsall, would notfbave stood the ghost of a chance. His candidature would have been a farce, and he would have been chassed the Council limits without hesitation. But the election which is to take place to day gives him an opportunity of securing another testimonial of confidence. The fact is that his opponent is not indi vidually strong enough in his position to compete with a man who has houses and lands, and who can so far afford to dare public opinion as to spend his cash in creating a moral and social nuisance, and then turn round upon those he has annoyed by asking them to evidence their esteem for him. We have already stated candidly that we cannot consent to advocate the claims of Mr Price per se, for we do not think that his status is that which entitles him to take his place at the Council Board, in opposition to many towns men who ought to come forward. At the same time, while we state this, we do not in tend to cast any reflection on Mr Price. We helieve him to be a man who, by the circumstances of his previous life, is at least proved to be capable of judging in most matters that are likely to come under the -ken of the Council, and we have never heard one breath of slander against his integrity. His main fault is that he is not bo well-to-do as many of his neighbors, who hould now occupy his position as a candidato. On all other points no objection can be urged against bitn, and we shall certainly be the last to raise any. If a man like Mr Kelsall have a large "stake," as it is called, in the town, his motives for going into the Council are always liable to the suspicion that they are more selfish than patriotic. We do not think that the sequitur is perfect ; but those who do entertain such opinions must admit that the mau who has no personal ends to serve, and who is, moreover, regarded as a per son of commoii sense and proper principles of justice, is a safer one to trust, seeing that he is more likely to rote impartially and ac cording to his judgment. We Bimply put the antithetical case for what it is worth, and uot in a spirit of laudation or disparagement of either candidate. The question as to the length of Mr Kelsall's purse, and the shortness of his opponent's, is one that is easily disposed of. If the former were to employ his money for the benefit of the rate payers generally, there would be some grounds for making his wealth a reason for electing him. But we are not aware that such is the case. Mr Price, not being a millionaire, cinnofc be tested in this way. He in fact has not the opportunity of exercising whatever instincts of philanthrophy he may possess, by monetary sacrifices. But, after all, the attributes which we require in a borough councillor are not of a very high order, and do not depeud upon the possession of great wealth or a long Chinese- rent-roll. We want meu who will conscientiously ac quit themselves of the obligations they undertake, and, moreover, who have sufficient nous to steer clear of blunders. We have no reason whatever to suppose that Mr Price is deficient in either of these qualities, on the contrary, we consider him quite compe tent to perform all the duties that attach to the position, and in saying this, we do not pretend to pay him a high compliment. The election of to-day will, as far as we can judge, be as closely contested as any that has proceeded it. Both candidates have been working with their friends most indus triously, and not a little interest is excited as to the result. Should Mr Kelsall sus tain a defeat he will have received a lesson that he is not likely to forget, and in propor tion as the majority against him is great or small so must he accept the nature of the verdict pronounced by the ratepayers. L ising his election, he will have himself alone to thank. We can quite understand that it will be a severe blow to bis self-eteem, but we think that the effect would not be thrown away upon him ; for be will then see that the public cannot reconcile the conduct of a man who, for the mere purposes of self-interest, raises up an intolerable nuisanc3offi tSei# midst, and then asks them to rewafif hits by drowning hiffl with their ' approval. The friends of Mr Price seem to be very confi dent of success; but, for our part, we are inclined to think that a similar amount of certainty 18 entertained by the backers of his opponent, and we believe we shall not be out in prophecying that it will be a close run between them. 