THE MINISTRY AND THE PARLIAMENT. [From the Advertiser of October 25th.] The new Ministry have made their bows to the two Houses of Parliament, but the reception accorded them was far more warm than welcome. In this, however, they could not possibly have been surprised. Any reception more flattering than the one they met with would, indeed, have been surprising, considering the political ante cedents of the five hon. members; and still more considering the ludicrous ghost of a " policy" evoked by the new Ministry. In the Legis lative Council the Hon. Mr. English indicated what he facetiously termed the " policy of the Ministry;" bnt of all the miserable pretences ever put forward it was the most miserable. In regard to the pastoral policy of the new Govern ment, he said that it would be kept in abeyance until after the Northern Commissioners had re ported ; in regard to the sale of Crown lands, the Government would not press them on beyond what the exigencies of the colony required ; as respects immigration, the present arrangements would be carried out; and the Strathalbyn Railway BiU would be taken up by the Govern ment. Now, on all these points, the ground taken by the present Government is precisely identical with that taken by the late Govern ment, and—so far —what has been gained by the change? On the subject of the disposal of the railways, and on the question of distillation, the present Government had not made up their minds; and as regards the tariff, a few slight changes would be made, but no clue to then nature was given. The only new point in the statement was that a Bill to amend the Consti tution Act would be prepared, bnt the hon. gentleman gave no idea of the nature of the in tended amendments. The Council freely commented upon the state ment. The new Government were censured for having no policy, except that which they appro priated from their predecessors; Mr. English was censured for having now united with the opponents of a Ministry he had all along sup ported ; and he was also censured for having compromised the dignity of the Legislative Council by accepting the lowest office in the Government, notwithstanding the post of Chief Secretary had for many years been assigned to the Legislative Council. Our report of pro ceedings will further in form the public as to the views entertained by the Council on the forma tion of the new Government. In the House of Assembly, Captain Hart volunteered a similar statement to that made by Mr. English in the Council. Mr. Townsend, in order to place himself in order for a few remarks, moved the usual formal motion, that the House at its rising adjourn till next day. Mr. Rey nolds moved as an amendment, that the adjourn ment be for a week, to enable the Government to prepare a policy. On these two motions a general discussion ensued, embracing a great variety of matters affecting the composition of the Government and its policy. Of course not a few remarks were made as to the incongruous elements of the one and the utter want of the other. Some members point-blank declared that they would refuse to support the Government, , while others volunteered to support those mea sure, of which they approved—a cautious method of limiting their liability under present circum stances. Several members explained their rea sons for voting against the late Ministry, such reasons being chiefly the precedent created by the appointment of Mr. Datton as Agent-Gene ral, and the course pursued by the Government against the m""*"" lessees of the Crown. Mr. English fared almost as hardly in the Assembly as he did in the Council. It was urged that as a matter of principle the Commissioner of Public Works ought to have a seat in the Assembly, where _te was almost as much needed as was the Treasurer. Some other remarks were made as to the inexpediency of Mr. English, as a contractor, holding the control of Public Works at all. However, ultimately, on the Chief Secretary stating that if Mr. Reynolds's amendment were carried it would be considered as hostile, and the usual consequences would follow, the amendment was withdrawn, and the House ad journed till next day. 