CONSECRATION OP THE MOST REV DR MANNING AS ARCHBISHOP OF .WESTMINSTER. (From the Weekly liegi -for , June 10. ) '1'he Umseoratiou of the Most Rev. ..Dr. Manning as successor to his Eminence Cardinal ?Wiseman in the dignity ofArchbishop of West minster took place iti St. Mary's, Moorfields, on last' Thursday, before twelve Prelates of the ^Church, a very large number of the Clergy, not only of Westminster but also of other dioceses, . and a congregation whichfilkd all the available apace in the sacr«ed edifice. The church presented a beautiful and striking appearance, and even by. contrast recalled, no doubt, to many the idea of its melancholy aspect on the la+it solemn diocesan occasion ? 'tneiKeqtuem ivias3 tor tne- (Jardinal. Then all all was sad(y appropriate to the funeral cere ?monies of the day.; buton Thursday the arrange, naents were in fiarmony with the consoling ?feeling-that, although*! great Prelate had passed :away, his place was about to be fiUed by another .-most distinguished Ecelesiastic, well calculated 'to adorn by piety and learning the high office to -which he has been called by the.Viear of Christ '!The columns throughout the church were draped with crimson j from the basa to -the gilded 'Capital of each wreaths of white roses were en twined with the most beautiful effect- Garlands of laurel and roses were hung in the space .1 between the column, extending entirely roand the. chapel, while the organ gallery and tribunes were similarly ornamented, having, am addition, I at equal distances, a Maltese cross thereon in | front of the velvet hangings The crimson hat of ike late Cardinal Wiseman was suspended, and in ,c!ose proximity to the throne His Eminence .during life used to occupy. The 'High Altar was decorated with -flowers ? so w&a; the Altar of the Holy Family on the right -of the Sanctuary, and also the Altar of the Sacred 'Heart on the left. Two chapels were ako prepared, the larger for the ^Conse crating Prelate, and the smaller for the Arch bishop Elect. The former was furnished with an altar, decorated with a crucifix in the middle, with four large candles — two on either side fhe' floor being covered with a rieh carpet. -Near the altar of theConsecrator a tablet was fixed Covered with linen, on which were placed two Candlesticks, a golden ewer with water, a vessel of holy water, with an asperges, a censer, incense boat, and spoon ; cruets with wine and water, a chalice, and the chrism with a few j morsels of bread. The chapel of the Archbishop Elect was furnished with an altar, ?haviDg on it a crucifix and two lights, and the same episcopal ?vestments as the former, with tne addition of a white cope, a ring, an ivory comb, and linen to 'Wipe the head aud hands after they had been annointed. The effoct of the great painting, the Crucifixion, at the back of the high altar, 'was most imposing, as daring the whole of the .ceremony the rays of the sun fell full uoon that fine picture. A statue of the Virgin, adorned with flowers was conspicuous on the left of the altar, and a picture of ihe Redeemer was set in a correspond ing place at the right. The thrones prepared lor the Bishops, and all the sacred furnifnro proper to the ceremonial, were decorated sump^ tuously, white being the pervading colour A tribune- ;.t the left of the altar was fitted up for the corps diplomatique, mauy of whom (includ ing the Ambassadors of France and Austria) attended. Three other tribunes were for the private friends of the Arcnbisbop Elect. ^ At five minutes past ten the candles were lighted around the sanctuary, and thas a most dazzling effect was given to the decorations I erected in and around the sacred spot. Crowds of choristers, many from the Bayswater Church, took up their position in the sanctuary altar and in a abort time afterwards another large body entered and took up their position on the oddo Bite side. e* Amongst those who ocoupied seats in the body of the church were a large number of Nuns belonging to the Little Sisters of the Poor the Sisters of Mercy, the Sisters of Charity ' and Other different orders, whose presence ' was rendered conspicuous by their costume. Some wore a white headdress and habits of grey Whilst others waro entirely dressed in black with along veil of the same sombre hue des' Cending nearly to the ground. Ilia attendance o' the laity was very large but the Very Rav. Dr. Gilbert had made such I judicious arrangements that there was no crush ing. The places were numbered, and thus all i Confusion was prevented. Amongst those pres j| wt we noticed most of the leading Catholics of ; Jjonaon. 'I »».Tat) firs}t intina*tio' of the commencement of I «« ceremonies was the pealing forth of the 5 C! °rg'n' TltSt the 8irains of whi-* the I j»«rgy entered the sanctuary, amongst whom the Ai?riDf takOa their plaC68 at eitI'* side of me Altar, a few moments were suffered to el*n«T I1 3 JS ? ' tLa Oo'»««ator, whose mitre and »»e timX?'- 'J: «'»'»« e«™a at the hmJiSlS' Rev* the Lord Bi8hop of Birmins ^thwa,8kBL8h°P,of Newport and Menevia, ?I %^£'*^^'^ ; W. ?? it rras impossible to take - oomplete ! I one, and we would not wish to omit the name ot any Priest who attended. i ThM Vlry R£v* Dr' Newman was preseut. and St°hn.-Vn^ Re?' Dr' Woodlott, Rector of the Catholic University of Ireland front of the high altar, and the Archbishop Elect presented himself to the Consec ator robed as a Priest, with a eape the colour of h£ vestment being white. All being prepared, the Bishops, with their attendants, assembled before he altar; and after the Consenting Bishop nrifrA °J! a.sh0rt Prayer' he and the Elect. proceeded to their respective chapels, and there put on the,r robes This done, the Archbishop Elect with an Assistant Bishop on either hand placed nimself before the Consecrating Bishop seated in the middle of the altar. ^snop, I _ Tue Senior A-sistiae Bishon thnn aa-.A. tit^ Reverend Father, our Holy Mother, the Oatho £c Church, demands of you to promote the bishe 8 pr6Sent t0 the heayy office of Arch a T°f ,?°,TCrat5n£f Bi3AoP: Have you the -Apostolic Mandate? J Assistant Bishop: We have. Consecrating Bishop : Let it be read. lhis was accordingly done by the Very Rev .The Bishops then-seated and mitred, the Elect took his seat, aad the Consecrating Bishop then proceeded to the Examination as follows --The ancient ordinai.ee of the Holy Father teaches and commands that be who is chosen for the rank of 5'JWr I' m-°St dill-entI^ examined, with all ?Christian charity, concerning the faith of the Holy trinity, and that he be interrogate con cerning he different matters and morals, which are befittiner snah c(iTOnnmant n~A ? ' ? . be kept up- according to the saying of the Apostle, 'Impose not bands lightly upon any man.' and also, that he who is about to be ordained may be iostructed how every one ' derated to this government, is bound to demean : himself in the Church of Godr-aad, finally, that they who gave the consecrating imposition i or bauds may be irreprehenaible. Therefore bv this same authority and precept, we now inter rogate thee, most beloved Brother, m charity sincere, whether tfaou wilt conform and subject thy wisdonvto the utmost of thy abilitv, to the sense of thy sacred Scriptures. The Archbishop Elect, standing uncovered, replied-SQ, with all my heart, I wish to con sent and ©bey.. The bishop of Birmingham then put the appointed questions to the .Prelate Eleat res pectin- his faith ia the Holy Trinity, the Incar nation the Scriptures, and the authority of the ?Church to interpret them. At the end of each the Archbishop Elect rose, and, in an audible voice, rephad to them, the whole of the Clergy 3°1rn1ung^Q the ' AtUen' at the conclusion, Ihe Mass then commenced and after it had proceeded some length the Archbishop JJIect was conducted by the assisting Bishops to the Con! ' seorating B.shop, and, kneeling before him, ST' tlyMkiS5ied hi8 band- The Consecrating B.shop 9 Mitre was taken off, and, turning to , the altar with his assitants. h« ho^«n 5*u„ ! Confiteor.i the Archbishop Elect remaining at his leu hand. The assistant Bishops, with -their Chaplains, 8aid the Coafiteor at their seats. This being .concluded, the Consecrating Bishop went up to the alt8r- which he incensed, and continued the prayers of Mass, to the end of , the Epistle .and Tract. The Elect was then conducted by the Assisting B.shops to his chapel. There the cope was taken off, and he was vested with sandals, pectoral cross, flowing stole tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, and maniple. | Tlus being finished, the Consecrating Bishop was seated and mitred. The Elect, uncovered with the Assisting Bishops, mitred, came before him, and made a low reference to him the I Assisting Bishops inclining. J Then all seated in their respective placs? the ' Consecratiag Bishop addressed the Archbishop Elect on the duty of a Bishop. The Consecrat ing Bishop knelt, and the Archbishop Elect haviag prostrated himself, the Litany was sung with tue most solomn effect, the principal pan ' being taken by the Rsv. E. Pennington. At the Bl°nfnth^Urf allJ°Se' The Oon-eo?aVng \ ?'Si°^ f100!,^ °,re .h» 8°*t mitred, and the auiUU1(lUUP ^ieei Ktaeit before him. The Con secrating Bishop took the book of the Gospels', and with the assistance of the other Bishops, in silence, placed it open, over the shoulders of the Archbishop Elect; and in this position iTwVn held by oue of the Clergy until the tradition , f tue Gospels to the Archbishop Bleet I 1 hen the Consecrating Bishop and the Assist 1 Lngj ?5?p8«eao5 toucbed with both hands tbe head of the Archbishop Eleet, saying-' Receive thou the Holy Ghost.' The Consecrating tJisbop, standing, uncovered, then prayed— 'Be | propitious, O Lord, to our applications, and opening upon this thy servant, the foun/ain of Sacerdotal Grace, pour forth upon him Thy eflicaeious benediction : Through Our Lord Jesus Christ, who together with Thee.liveth and reigneth, in the nnity of the Holy Ghost ' The Consecrating Bishop then, standing with bis hands extended, read the Consecrating Preface a lH?uhia S?d been recited» toe head of the Archbishop Elect, preparatory to his beine anointed, was wrapt round with linen The Consecrating Bishop knelt before the altar, and commenced the hymn ?? Veni Ore^r Spiritus ' 7ni°X ™ TV?u Qdn° the 9Dd ^ tbe assistants «ni S°ir' -?'? the Oon8eor^inff Bishop, at the end of the first verse, rose from bis knees, took off his gloves and ring, but replaced the ring on his finger. An apron was laid on his knees, and he then anointed the head of the Archbishop Elect kneeling before him, fir8t round, and the? was r^aTeT' ^ ^ he ** 8°' ^ ^ After the anointing the Consecrating Bishou cleansed his hands with crumbs of bread; his the PrXe ^ h° 3t°°d °P' a°d COa'iaued ^tfir'-KifiSf: the Oonsecra tin^ Biahop down nBr,f e?i.°Uu 0iDJlul«at °» t«e head, tuat ran uwu-T the ^ard, the beard of Aaron: as the a i ran dr n t0 the 8kirt of his garment Moua?Sdieo'..°f H8m0D' Whi°h deS06Qdeth « RdLtfeiCu0-mmenCement the Oonsecratirg E \ttP£ vhl8 Tat and mitre« the Archbishop -rhioh iSnng bef°r-e him With J°ined hand., crossing them, in the form of a cross, and then anointing the entire palms. Tbe Consecrating Bishop, standing without mitre, blessed the Crosier with holy water' -and angers of the Archbishop Elect, saying ?- fheCeeor thr Staff,Of -the pastoraI ^Mhat in the correction of vice thou mayest employ Sir'? T!th..klndn»!. aQd exer.iL jadrtS ' . ' — u' auBcl 5 ana tnat m ch«rishm-r virtue thou mayest sooth the minds of thy hearers ' seveS ?egIecti^ in tb^ peacetulness, the . seventy of reproof, Amen. m{7r«e .00I'1|SeCra'ng bishop Stood OP, without ' £ whi, h i ^6 g- aDd- haviuS Voided it with holy water, put it on the finger ot the Archbishop Elect, saying,-Receive this ring the pledgeof affianee, that, being adoraed with the token of untainted fidelity, thou mayes S 3? nnV'p?000^ r inAcorruPt the «Poase of God, Jlis Holy Church. Amen. The Consecrating Bishop received the book of the Gospels hitherto held open over the snould.rs of the Archbishop Elect, closed it . and with the assistance of the other Bishops, presen ted.it to the touch of the now Consecrated : Arohbwhop. The Bishops now gave the Con ; iieorated tbe^iss of Peacefeaeh saying to him ?1 ... Peace be td thee. To which he replied— And J with thy spirit. The Consecrated, accompanied by the Assisting Bishops, returned to his M^hape, and, having hi3jhead and hands wiped trom the chrism., the sermon was preached. I The Sermon. His Lordship the Right Rev. Dr. Amherst Bishop of Northampton, then ascended the pul' pit and taking for'uis text the seventh verse of the first chapter of the Book of Wisdom— ' For the spirit of the Lord had filled trie whole world ? and 'that which contained all things, hath knowledge of the voice,' proceeded to deliv. r a beautiful discourse on the efficacy of tee Holy bp.'.ri-u' ., Hi8 LordshiP sa'd that the occasion on wh.ch they had assembled was a solemn one it was to celebrate the outpouring of the grae.' of the.Hcviy Ghost Hpon him who was summoned by Christ's Vicar to take pastoral oharae ol their Clmrch, and tiiat day the full plenitude ol the spirit of God had fallen upon his head and soul, and mind. He was called upon to succeed one w,ho 'had left his mark upun the nee in which .he lived— a Prelate g-eat, renowned virtuous and amiable, and, by toe aid of tho Divine grace they uud besought and invoked he would be enabled to worthily wie/d the crozier of his predeeesur. AVhan a Bishop was conse crated tho woida made use of were expressive of the fulness of grace conferred and ieq..«irttd In the ordination of a Deacon t*he words empi,,Ve-l were, 'Receive tnou, the Holy Gboar, fOr strengli.' la tlie ordiuaiion ot a Pisa ,u ' words used w.ere, 'Receive thou. the Mo whosi, for remission of sins;' but in the cous oration of a Bisbop the vfords were simrj 'Receive thou, the Holy -Guost,' tnereby ahov ing that the tullness of the Holy Spirit w£ sought in all its plenitude, in all the unu'tei able sweetness of its unction. The same snir | was brought in her behalf shat moved over tb face of the waters In the beginning; y|,en j brooded ovei creation, what was aninoomprehen sible chaos took form and fecundity ,- it .eceivei hi powers of life, and, saiurated with the Hul- Spirit, put forth green things and all that live Tue deep pulsations of the seas tUat break npi.i the shores were set going, the hidden fount»i,,« sprung forth and coarsod down the mountain slopes till they joined the ocean, and the °-rand order and marvellous regularity of n-iture was established under its influence.. The same spiri t it was that filled the hearts of the propheis with prescience and enligh;ment and courage that overshadowed the Virgin in the awful moment ot her Immaculate Conception, that hovered aver our Lord's head in the Jordan and pro, aounced the message :—' Tui.s is my beloved spirit it was that visited the Apostles where thev crouched like frigtoned birds in that upper room and again in the liking a dove, and cau-ed tongues' of fire to desesnd onxheui, filiiug tneir tnout-is with eloquence, and their soul* wi;h a dauntless zeal Toe gj-aces then vouchsafed to the Auostios were perputua.ed in theOimrcti, and wB/e made mo.-t gloriously mauifest in its epi«copa:e— tae graces of courage, knowledge, and the gift , f tongues. The Apostles wi:o were weak before the coming of the Holy Ghost went forth with a lion's heart of courage and the daring flight o? an eagle; they confronted every peril of land « to the bosou, oi mailyrdooi wi h j^. Tue flame spirit was with the Church still in he J-piseopate. It was not necessary to seek it i« the crimsoned arenas of Antioch, Cartharge, oi Rome, or in the vaulted aibles of Canterbury wheiea B.shop laid down his U,o on ?£ id 5 tor the immunities of his flock. They nad evideHOB of it in their own generation, in China, I^VhM8e,ed,°r tbe fahh was y«l wat««u with the blood of the martyr, in the capital ot a neighbouring country where, when a civil con nict_ rnged and the barricades were thrown up a sainted Archbishop went amongst the com ' oatants with the olive branch, and, as be fell Pierced with a fatal bullet, only prayed that his ( blood might be the last shed. And none of tfaei. ' Lordships then listening to him, he was cou udent, but envied such a death. But there wa ( a certain aureola of worldly glory lighting such . au tnd. In he .^uiat transaction of a ciocese in peaceful times there was sometimes need of «. moral courage, before which the terrors of tht ions and tigers of the arena were of as noughi , :o many minda. There was the constant 0 rmowation of principle from error, the com- / 1 ? =======53 bating oi misinterpretations, in whien very . ftun the Bishop had to encounter the antagonism of good men who could not understand his motives because they con! a not appreciate them. God judged actions by motives, the world judged tno,tlv.es fay a^ °ns, and 1«. for the consoling and strengthening aid of the Holy Spirit the Bishop's life would be one of unavailing mourn lDg -a TD S inJustil3e. Then they had to Th«nalhhr S?.COCd Srac«~t^t of knowledge, fhe Catholic had a certain rule to go by j he had faith to guide him, not op nion ; there wag no ? wavering, no faltering in his case, his belief al .«8Dd fixed' He would a,k those an ongsi _ them, who had once been out of the pale of the Church, to take a retrospect of their own souls before they had drunk in Catholic ruth ib its fulness-how 1 t le they knew and 7 moc.h tjej tboBght they knew-but once ±*J'™ilV!A the Holv Spirit, the vagne and ZTn exements of «-etrine weie condensed and concentred into a burning focus of living fuith. They felt that their feet no longer slipped upon a sheet of ice, but were steadfastly planted Tneve ht jTdatiOn ot the Rock of A^esT They who had been born, in the Church coild' not realise this vivid transition from light o darkness but they could realjse that they stood m the glow of the truth. He would .gait appeal to the experience of the converts prelnt ' he J(tZlT°tiy that the Catholic Churcb had hevg LL g'i-3'. Be:°re tbeir inversion another-wh.ch was not even understood by hemse ves. But when they entered the Fold* they felt their intellect expand ; then they re cognised a language which was plain which C,'an0torFltODglle °f Parthiao' ^ ^Je. o! - versal wTV Arab* bu( a toQ^ue 'ni- versai. loey might sea.ch the map of the Northbrn Scandinav.a to Southern Australia, lne B^bop wa, the high interpreter of this ir carlenses of tbe Lies TrZ v\ * l'° 8aa ly tfates of flfHrn;?« *JUs£l-B llka echoes from Ma B bounded up-o'fiinTthe0'' ^ lo'd ft ^ it ho d. in the presence of thw large raX'r ode and id .he name of my brother P.^s I Prlv \- r^r^^o?: try.,Kd lia™ J heart, shine ior ever in the Lt£n 71 OVCr J-°Ur ^ SSSf ?S : The Mass was then proceeded with At th ? the arms ol both rhe Consecrator and th T Lg' Host and tl.e same chalice. Ttie M.ss To O.e..ed to its concision, ana «f.w U^bU c uou g.ve.i ov tue Oon-ecrator, he concurred 'the* Mitre and Hpi.oup.1 gloves on t.e A cubisbop Jileot lot) Couseeraior and the Souior A a.st ant. Bishop enthroned ,h,. new Archbishop oa his brui.e Wmle the hymn, 'TbD^iii' wm intoned by thy Oosseerator, who. ^ita all the othor Bisliopa. stood uncovered, the Arctibi8uop : Hn7GeodtJd down the church, attended b' t!i6 Asaisiaut Bishops, and gave his blessiu* n^ht and left to all prusent, and returned tj his tarona. The ?? Te Deum' ended tha Cousecrator intoned the Antiphon 'Firmatur Manus Tua,' and the prayer for the Archbishop Tins done, the Archbishop rose and gave his solemn benediction in the usual way with the assistance of the three senior Canons and with the Arsh.episcopal c.oss held before'faim. He then descended from hia ihrooe and went to the Epistle side of the A.-tar, and tnere knedinir three times salted the Oonsecrator with Ad mnltos annos, 'for many years,' and received from him tue kiss of peace. The usual fin.l Gospel (St. John 1., vi.) wag then said, and the procession returned to the iaoristy. i T^ ¥a*l ^ra by PaIestrina, and was con, lucted by the Very Rev. Canon Crookall. The Tgan was played by the Rev. William Dolan ° L he musical arrangements were perlect. * ; America Toast— 'The ladies; the ouiy endur bit aristocracy, who rule without laws— judee with u. jury-decide Mth^ut appeal-and arc nevei in 