_ THEATRE ROY AT. Thte JtvcriinT, Lady of Lyons; Pablo Fnnnuc's a'cntepaiul 1 i 1 it r I it I i i It-. Tu couuiicncc at 7.30. ROYAL' u aym a itfvet THEATRIC. This Evening. The Oriental Hlnpodromo.' To commence at 7.uu. GERMAN' ASSOCIATION ROOMS. ' „,renl">r 0" aid of tlie Loichhnrilt Search Fund), Time Tries All ; and the Bachelor of Arts. There is to be a contest for tho Eastern lroyinco. Anil we are pleased at it. Eor, at is' never desirable that tbero siiould be a " walk-over ' for any important consti tuency, and least of all at tbo present moment, when tbo very first principles of constitutional Government are being weighed in the parliamentary balanco and will form tho test of success in the struggle at this election. Both can didates linvc published addresses to the electors of the Province. And in both theso expositions of political opinion the candidates have given expression; to views.- in which we in part concur, and with which wo in part dissent. Tho antece dents of the two candidates aro also pretty well known to tho public. And there is thus a clear field for a distinctive and in- telligiblo decision being arrived at by the electors.- Mr. Care, who appear, to come forward in the mterest.-of,.-tlio' present -Ministry, seems however, in so doing, to depart from the line of policy with which he has been heretofore identified. When lie occupied a seat in the Legislative Assem bly, a short time back, lie took n some what marked position in antagonism to the class of politicians with whom ho now desires to assoointe himself. It was he who seconded the motion in the Assembly of want of confidence, in tho Hcalcs Minis try. What lias caused him to chango his colours at the present moment, and rango himself on tho sido of those whom lie so prominently opposed a short time back, we are unable to sny._ But it is certainly not a recommendation to the electors in liis favour that he should give such a signal'instance of the want of fixed convictions or stability of- opinion, as lie thus exhibits. The electors of the Eastern Province do not want a political weather cock to represent tliern m the Legislative Council under any circumstances; and- least of all at a period which in an especial manner calls for firmness of purpose nnd well-matured views upon all politicnl questions of importance. The presence in the Legislature of men who veer about at random in their opinions and who are alike indifferent whether tlicy support or oppose any political party or administra tion — men who are the mere creatures of circumstances, who are radical or conser vative in their views and conduct, accord ing as cither may chance to chime in with the temporary exigencies of their own position — is nu evil which every consti tuency owes it, as its first duty to itself and to the Stutc, to take some pains to prevent. The candidature then of Mr. Care, even upon these general, but not the less forcible, grounds, cannot recom mend itself to the good-will of the electors of the Eastern Province. But in addition there aro special grounds of objec tion to Mr. Caek, _ which aro re vealed in his own published address. In this enunciation of his opinions he fences rather with the electors, than speaks openly and clearly, upon the great con troversy, which, is now ponding between the two Houses of Parliament. It may bb that Mr. Care is naturally of that un decided temperament and of that linzy tone of mind that ho is unable to take up a definite and intelligible position upon any great question involving issues of importance to tho public welfare and to the cause of good government. It might be doing him an injustice therefore to assume that he lias wilfully set about bamboozling the electors in the peculiarly misty views he has put forward in his address upon the controverted questions now ponding in tho Legislature. It is the more charitable and perhaps the more cor rect supposition to believe that he is from defective constitution of mind ineapnble of committing himself to a plain dccisivo course upon any momentous topic, whilst it is as 3-et trembling in tbo balance. Tbero are feeble minds of that cha racter, well-meaning enough in their way, but of such flimsy texture that tlicy cannot bear the strain of weighty questions, whether these refer to matters of Administrative policy or to the obliga tions of Constitutional Government. And Mr. Care's mind is plainly one of those. But such emasculated intellects should keep aloof from great political or consti tutional contests. They can do nothing but harm by their presence. And if tlicy will from some strange fatuity allow them selves to bo thrust forward whore vigorous spirits only should have place, it is both a kindness to themselves and a duty towards the common-wcul to push them aside. To return then such n man as Mr. Carr, as the representative of any constituency, great or small, to a seat in the Upper House, at the present juncture, would be a grievous blunder on the part of the voters. And we can hardly suppose it possible tbnt tlie electors of tlie Eastern Province will cominio such an egregious mistake. What can tho electors mako-of a man. who delivers himself upon the present crisis in tho_ following fashion ? He siiys : — " I think the powers of the two Chambers of Parliament should ho accu rately. defihed, so that n: recurrence of such . unfortunate dcad-loeks ns that at present existing, to tho great inconvenience of the country, should be avoided. In the accomplishment of this end, should you do me the honour of electing me, while I would jealously guard tho privileges of the Legislative Council, X would with equal diligence defend the rights which, by law or usage, arc claimed by the Legis lative Assembly." The first sentence in this passage is niorely the feeble expres sion of a truism. But it- nevertheless comprises-one point, nnd one only, upon which Mr. Carr ought to liavo spoken out distinctly, but upon which bo is wholly silent. Thus, he does not say who should, in his opinion, define tho respective powers of the two Houses o (' Parliament, or' how they are to bo defined. What meaning does_ he attach to these enigmatical words in his address > Does he think for in stance that tlie Legislative Council, of which he seeks to become a member, is or is not itself the body that should define its own powers ? Or would ho bo in favour of the Assembly nlono putting its own con struction upon the powers of tho Legisla tive Council, ns well as upon its own? This is the whole matter at issue at the present juncture between tho two ITouscs. And yet Mr. Carr slips over it, as though ho were merely penning a - schoolboy's thesis instead of addressing a body of electors upon the most vital constitutional question of tho day iu this community. : Again, he says, ho " would jenlously- guard tho privileges of the Legislative Council" whilst he would equally " defend the rights of tlie Assembly."' What- does, ho intend the electors to understand by this declaration ? Why does he not fur nish a practical "application of this twofold enunciation by .plainly stating whether lie would support the Council in the course it lias been necessitated to take in defence of -its own privileges against the aggres sion of the Legislative Assembly P ' \Ydiy does he not openly declare whether ho thinks it a portion of the rights of tho Assembly to forco tbo Council to abdicate its proper functions nnd become the mere registrntion-oflice of the decrees of tho Assembly ? The oracle from the Pivot is dumb upon these, tbo only, questions on which he should have delivered plainly,! and emphatically expressed opinions, lie is not tho man then for the Eastern Pro vince, especially at the present juncturo. As to his views on tho land question they aro correct enough. But tho land question is no longer on the lapis. It is disposed f ; and as far as political controversy is concerned ; the matter is not within the legislative arena at present. The other candidate, Mr. Haines, is too intimately ; known to tho people of v ictoria to need any special reference to his views here. He speaks with such decision upon tho prominent topics of the moment that tho electors must feel they arc dealing with a man who knows his own mind, and who is not nfraid to speak it out, even though his candour may im peril his olection. With his views upon the presont Land Act we have no 'sympathy, : but, as we have already said, that subject is scttlod for the. present. ' ' And' Mr. Hajn£s is not. the man who would try to \- undo what baa been done with the consent and approval of tho great' 'majority of the: community. It is of far more im portance- at present,- -and more to tho point of the existing crisis, what he states on tho relative claims of the two Houses of Parliament, and on tho threatened independence of tho Judicial Bench. Ho -says. for instance: — "I am determined, should I bo elected;, to uphold tbo privi leges of tbo Legislative Council, and to resist tbo usurpation of tbo whole legisla tive power by ono Honse. I will do my best to prevent -the Executivo from exer- icising powers which belong to tlie Legis lature alone, and, on tbo other hnnd, the Legislature from meddling unduly in tho administration of tbo Government. Finally, I will do all I can to securo tbo independence of the Judges. Unless theso principles are maintained (and I Jo not think the)- are maintained at the present time), thoro can bo no socurity forpro- pcrty, nnd the liberty of every class, from tbo lowest to tho highest, must bo en dangered." There is no doubtful or faltering voite to be detected here — nothing' hazy or obscure, no loophole left for creeping out of tho future perform ance of dubiouslv-worded election pledges. All is plain, straightforward and above board. And if tho Eastern Province electors choose Mr. Haines as thoir member, they will havo this satisfaction at any rate, that they possess a perfect fore knowledge of what their representative will do in tlio Council upon the great moot- points now ponding in Parliament. If Jack Cade can get leave of absence from purgatory, or is gone to limbo, or is in any otlicr quiet place, where ho can got into rapport and hold communication with his friends and imitators in the Ministry, he and they must hare had a jovial seance on Monday night. Parson Ball must have shivered and chuckled with delight, and all the ghosts of the greasy fishwives that ever howled and screamed in the Halle lies Jllis must lmvo waked up the Sans-culo/les, with tlie furies of the sections, to join tho dance and to swell the chorus at the last exhibition of their humble followers in tbo M'Cullocti Ministry. Bui, iu truth, the proceedings of the Government, and of the wretched simple tons who are gulling themselves into the ridjculous persuasion that they are advo cating tho cause of liberty, are too melancholy and too disgusting, and, at tho samo time, too dangerous to the public welfare to be treated with levity. Ho one can, however, get rid of the horribly ludicrous associations sometimes connected with the spasmodic grimaces of a dying malefactor ; and if all these ghastly and grotesque exhibitions, whether in tho Assembly or the Eastern market-, are tlie involuntarily obscene symptoms and unconscious groans nnd cries of an expiring Ministry, ire must be excused if we also nre sympathetically convulsed and agitated by the scene. "We do not laugh at the Ministry. That would be inhuman, when they are all standing in a row, with their nightcaps ready, under tho fatal drop, but our smile is merely sardonie, like that of the victims them selves under torture. It is quite clear, however, that the Ministry are in extremis. The shameless coalition is dropping to pieces. The organised hypocrisy is melt ing into thin air. Tlie headless and brain less monstrosity is going the way of all abortions ; and wbnt we have to see to now is, that tlie nuisance, with all its rot ten elements, is got rid of without loss of timo. Tho last display of "sympathy with tho Government,' wliieli means tho last effort made by the Ministers to pull the wires of democracy, and to hound on, not tho people but that loose rabble of loafors that hangs on to the skirts of the people, against law and order and the established institutions of the country, was made on Monday evening, in the Eastern market. Our readers know the view we took of the conduct of the City Council, in refusing the use of the market place for a public meeting. ; -Such meet ings, though often abused by vain-glorious prating impostors, and self-seeking cant ing demagogues, to their own' purposes, are the lite and soul of free communities, without which they tend, in spite of Par liaments and the Press, to degenerate into sleepy, droning oligarchies. As it is, it would have been better for the Council to have given its consent, than' for " tho frionds of tho Ministry" — no doubt cal culating on the legal dexterity of their "l'riond" tho Minister of Justice," to get them out of the scrape, if anybody should tender to him a bill of indictment or an ex officio information — to have broken the law so ostentatiously, to have defied and bearded the authorities so deliberately in their own purloins, and to have incurred tho risk of such confusion and bloodshed as might lmv'o arisen, had tho police inter fered,- as they might have done; to stop tho proceedings. .'. The meeting, however, took place,; and with a grave inconsistency, the two Houses wore symbolised by " tbo chair man and reporters in one van, and the speakers in another." Tho meeting, it should be observed, which was, on the face of. it, illegal, and only tolerated by tho good sense and good humotir of the authorities — although it might have been dispersed by reading tho ltiot Act— was presided over by a gentleman calling him self " the President of the' Protection Lenguo"— a league conducted, apparently, with now : to render any reasonable protection to native industry unat tainable in this country. The joke was that, at such a meeting, consisting as was said — though ridiculously ex aggerated—of S000 or 10,000 persons, and which, in nlmost any other country, would have been swept out as summarily as they proposed to . do with the Legisla tive Council — tho chairman talked to the people about being "serfs nnd slaves," and other balderdash ..about " resistance to usurped power;" as if there was any power ."usurped" iu this colony, except by the men whomTi'o "came to-support,.or any . re sistance called for but that, in a constitu tional .shape, which will soon hurl those tyrants and hypocrites from power. We have not space' to comment upon all the trash that is attributed to different speakers. It must be observod, however, that tbo principle which underlies all that was intelligibly said, was that of extreme republicanism— the principle of govern ment by a singlo .chamber, and that ono elected, us ours is, by universal suffrage. " There ought," says ono orator, who should bo the Daxtox or tho Marat— or, at "tbo ' least, 'the "Samson, and havo charge.- of- the guillotine, in the future republic — " there ought to be no Council but the will of the people. ' He would take a broom and.swcep.tho floor of that House, and then look among tho intelli gence of that multitude," etc., etc. If this is. not" the .violence on' the one hand,, and on tho other tho fawning, canting, slavering of the true old-fashioned demn- K<?GU(;, described by poets, and branded with infamy ns tho reul enemy of liberty by historians, 2000 years ago, wo would nsk what is ? Or perhaps we should find a moro perfect sample in tbo speeches of some, of tho Ministers, themselves, who certainly ought to have been at this mect- Hig — ii.not, as a contemporary suggests, at the other— to render the farce com plete. Wo havo notspaco to comment on the proceedings atthemeeting in St.GeorgeV hall, where the eloquence and gallanfry displayed, in n real 'convention' of tho' citizens, -fairly representing tho1 intelli gence and property of the country; will havo its weight, in tkoso quarters where such weight will tell. It was, avowedly, a mooting of Free-traders ; and although wo do not bolong to tho extreme party on that side — advocating, as wo do, a reason able measure of Protection — wo must tako our stand by the Constitution; denouncing as the worst enemies of liberty and, above all, of tho working classes, tbo very men who aro now — for tho sako of office, and from tbo meanest nnd basost motives — pretending to bo their advocates. A conference bitween tho two Houses of Parliament will bo belli this afternoon at 3 o'cloelc, when tho rights nnd privileges of tho to o Houses in connection with the amendments in the Waterworks Bill will bo taken into consi deration. The Legislative Assembly held only a short sitting yesterday. Mr. Greovcs' two motions, relative to the collodion of the vital statistics in a tabular form, nn<l the establishment of a registry for Government debentures, wero agreed to. Several questions wore asked without notice, and replied to. Mr: Levey drew attention to the fact that tlio mysterious Customs despatch 207, which had been often nsked for and as ol'ton promised, bed not yot been produced. Mr. Iilginhoihara said that its production was in expedient at the present time, hut that it should be laid upon the table before the close of the session. The sitting of tlie Legislative Council, yester day, was very short, arid the business transacted of a purely formal character. Botii Houses of Parliament yostcrday ad journed until Tuesday next. ' Mr. J. G. Cnrr, who formerly represented South Grant In tho Legtsla'ive Assembly, his come forward in opposition to Mr. H nines, for the Eastern Proviuee. These gentlemen are the only two candidates nominated for the province. A brigade order published In another column, announces that a moonlight batailion parade will b: held in Fawkner Park on Thursday night. The various metropolitan and suburban volunteer corps will take part in the proceedings. In the event of the parade being cOuntermanileit it will be seen that c.ertato signals will be employed. Yesterday's Government Gazette contains an announcement under the hnnd of the Chief Sec retary , relating to the quarantine of tho steam ship London. Mr. Tucker, M.L.A., Introduced a deputation yesterday from Clunes, to Mr. Grant, the oh|eet of which was to request that the agricultural area of Ullidn should he declared open for selec tion at Clunes. Mr. Grant stated that he thought Mr. Duffy had made some promise during the time that he was in office to have the land put up in some other locality, and he could not give an answer until the records lmd been searched. At a later hour in the day Ml. Hodgkiuson informed Mr. Grant that n« such prorai'O had been made by Mr. Dufiy, and under those circumstances ihc application of the depu tation was granted. From tlie authorities of tho Melbourne Ladles' Benevolent Society we ohtniu the following statistics Out- door relief for fortnight endiug 1st August, 1108 persons, or 325 families, classed thus : — Widows, with, families, 144 ; women with sick husbands, 50 ; women with husbands absent, 73 ; women with husbands nt homo, but only occasionally emplo.vcd, 20; women with husbands in prison, 4 ; aged couples, 11 ; single women, 17. The relit f of tho above families amounted to, in ' Melbourne Proper, L27 0s. Gd. ; Pitzroy, L13 17s. (3d. ; East Collingwood, L41 lis. Od. ; Carlton, L19 10s. 3d. ; Hothain, L15 is. 6d. — L117 2s. 3d. Ex penses of Industrial Home, L24 19s. 4d. Total outlay for fortnight, L142 Is. 7d. It is announced by a contemporary, on tho authority of an Edinburgh correspondent, that the author of "Orion," after a silence of 12 years, has recently put forth a new work in the form of a Lyrical Drama on the subject of the ancient Greek mythical story of Prometheus; One would. certainly never have anticipated that much of the fire of Inspiration could be extracted from tho fogs and mists, and general Siberian rigours of the Blue Mountain. The work is said to hnve been already advertised by Messrs. Edmonston. and Douglas, of Edinburgh, who express their opinion that " tbey will sell off the first edition in no time.'' The following gentlemen have been appointed trustees of n scheme to build a Temperance-hall for North and West Melbourne : — Messrs. J. Harbison, M.L.A. ; T. M'Pherson, Orlando Fenwlck, J. M'Cutcheon, R.' Hodgson, J. Huggins, William Clarke, R. Lormer, Wm. M' Masters, Tlios. Brunton, Wm. Coulson, R. Purvis. Subscriptions hnve been received In aid of the movement from Mr. J. Harbison, M.L.A., L10 ; S. Amos, C.C., L10 ; Thomas M'Pherson, C.C., Orlando Fenwick, C.C., II. Hodgson, J. Huggins, Wm. M'Mastera, Robt. Brenton, L5 5s. each; Jan. M'Cutcheon, L22s. ; Win. Clarke, LA 10s. ; and Wm. Coulson, L2 2s. A deputation from the Borough. Count 11 of Fitzroy wnitetl upon the lion, the Chief Srcretnry yesterday, fur the. purpose of ascertaining whether tho Government would be di-pcmii to divide the aum proposed to be given for public buildings, Jn_.ordcr that East Collingwood nnd Fitzroy eould hive erected sep irate post-offices. It was represented. that n site had been originally decided upon in Smith street, but since then' an agitation had been got up with a view of having separate buildings. Mr. M'Cullocli said that it was Impossible to divide the amount, anil he hoped that some .amicable arrangement would be arrived nt betweeu the two boroughs. He pro mised that Mr. Turner and Mr. M'Gowan should commuuicnto with the authorities with, a view to the selection of a suitable site, as it was not only the first outlay but the nnnunl charge for two sets of officers which would be required. 'Although by no means gratifying to ..our vanity ns Victorian colonists, and in respect of certain statements absolutely, inaccurate, there U sutfeient truth and cogency of reasoning in the following extract from a lending article in the i-ydnry Morning Herald of the 4.'li, 1 to justify its insertion in our columns : — " The history of the treatment of the second Chamber in Victoria, shows how brutal'js that force which is sometimes brought to beor uoon its delibera tions. Not only have we had .denunciations at tho hustings, arid insulting speeches in the Assembly, but a savage mob was once seen nt ihe portals of the Chamber, and the deliberations of the members have been interrupted by threats . of personal violence. We shell prebably seri'tlils repeated under tlie same nuspices. In truth there seems to lie hut a very Bhort interval in the scheme of these gentlemen between physical violence and political opposition. If the mob want lenders they will probably find thorn In the highest ranks of the Assembly. We have been Informed th it one conspicuous member uttered In public, not long ago, his. admiration nf'tlie guillotine us a resort. iu politics. Iu his opinion the guillotine was the great fact of history — and its image " fired in his heart, and he would like ,to see it brought into nativity as one of the In struments of Government,'' or words of similar import. It is probable that- when these sweet sentiments were uttered, reason had lost by the ordinary process dominion oyer tho tongue. But people, .drunk, . occasionally- -say; what' they , think when _ they are sober, and we Shojild be loth 'to "trust with power to give practical development to these amiable thoughts, any person, who, undor whatever .inspiration, pould give thein utterance, it is, no doubt, in the power of the Ministers'to create consider ? ablp difficulty. -Tlicy (an- stop the Issue of public money; nnd -consequently tho' means of subsistence, of. thousand of families. They can bo joccna'on great outcry and much distress; but: as their shuttng' up the Supreme Court and abolishing the second Chamber, we, do not. heliove any. 'person holding tlio Queen's con)tnlsflo& would Jrimjuek infamy. What ever a Governor inriyllo fffsuppor t" of his Mlnia- try; he is not; likely to ahpljsh the Very Consti tution under which alone, they, can pretend to bo Minlsteisatall. ;7lt fsrnof likely /that lie. would commit the- enormous folly" of rritto'raptIii"- 'jto gsvoru a country, subject to England, bv one House — and that profes-lng to have absolute power over the liberties of all who may usU in question its proceedings, nnd which can fine and imprison any ono for anything at pleasure. Fortunately for the people of Victoria, " they have still the Supremo Court open to them agaiust illegal taxation, and Judges who, what ever ranv be their weakness and proclivities, arc not likely to dishonour their calling, mid render themselves contemptible in tho eyes of tho world by upholding a Ministry acting in violation of law itself, nnd ono which has dared to seek tho ruin of judicial authority by law." A mooting was licldlast t-igbt. ln tho Nationnl- hall, Fitzroy, to discuss the subject, of the erec tion in the .municipality of a .building to he used for tho purposes of n Mechanics' Institute, post-office, etc. , The chair was occupied by Mr. Benjamin Bell, who celled upon the sperkets to give nil persons desirous of spenking to the question before the meeting n fnlr hearing. Mr. Scotchmer proposed the first resolution, 'which was to the effect that a memorial should lie adopted by the meeting end forwarded to the borough council, praying them to reject tlio proposition befote them for the erection of a post- ollice, telegraph-office, savings bank, nnd me chanics' institute iu Smith street, at the joint expense of Fitzroy end East Collingwood, as such public offices ought to bo erected ns nearly as possible in the centre of the borough of Fitzroy. The Speaker proceeded to abuse In no measured language the conduct of several of the councillors who were retiring nnd offering them selves for re- election, for the part they had taken in attempting to bring shout the erectijn of the offices named in the rssJulion Jointly between the two boroughs, when it would have been much better ns he stated to have sspnrate build ings for each. It was evident before the speaker lind proceeded far in lus dis course that tho meeting had been colled for electioneering purposes and to serve the in terests of several candidates for election. Coun cillors M'Kenn nnd Rushnll were mentioned particularly as having betrayed the interests of the burgesses. The r'solution was seconded by Mr. Fillett and supported by Air. Best, one of the candidates for election. All amendment .was then proposed by Mr. Crossen nnd seconded by Mr. Elliott, ns follows : — " T hat this meet ing is of opinion that one post-office, telegraph- ofiice, savings bank, nnd mechanics' institute is sufficient for the electoral district of Col- liugweod, nnd that the same should be erected as nearly as possible in tho centre of the most populous part of the two boroughs. The amend ment was spoken to by Councillors M'Kenn and Rushnll, and also by Air. Kidxcy, from whose statements it appeared that the Government were about to erect public offices fur the electoral dis trict of Collingwood; that they would erect them only iu a central place suitable for the two boroughs; that they had offered if the two councils could agree, to erect them on the land belonging to the Mechanics' Institute Com mittee In Smith street, and as their buildings would cost only L2U00, to give the councils L1509 for tno land. To this L3500, It had been proposed to add L1500 jointly by the two councils, nnd erect a mechanics' in stitute or hall ou the ground, as well as the public offices. Tlie speakers said the L1500 woul 1 not be required, as the money to bo re ceived from Government would he sufiicieut for all purposes; tbeteven if it were, not one single penny of it would be required from the rate- pavers, as it had been proposed to borrow tlio money, and tho income derivable from the in stitute would lie amply sufficient to pay the intere-t upon the borrowed money. The resolu tion was cnrrled by a small majority, but very little more than half of those present voted for elther.it or the amendment. The proceedings closed with a vote to the chairman. Sydney papers to the 6th are to hand, but they contain little tlmt has not been anticipated by telegraph. Air. Hurtle Fisher was entertained by a party of gentlemen connected with tlio Xew South Wales turf, at a dinner, ou the 1st. Air. John Wells Is mentioned as the probable successor of Mr. Lane, as Under-Secretary for Finance and trade. Air. Wells has for inony years held the office of Accountant at the Trea sury, and recently, and on previous occasions during Mr. Lane's absence, performed the, Under-Secretary's duties. In reference to the Postmaster-Generalship, the Her nil snys " We understand that .Major Christie is about to vacate the office of Postmaster-General, anil lias applied to the Government forhis superannuation. Having filled the situation of Postmnstcr-General for 23 years, Alajor Christie is entitled to a re tiring allowance of L800 a year. The appoint ment of his successor does not appear to have been determined on, und in the meantime Major Christie will continue to discharge tlio duties of the office." ' Great destitution is said to prevail amongst the rebel AInorles. A letter published la the Southern Cross of tlie 12ih ult. contains tlie folio wiog reference to the distressed state of the insurgent native population : — " Tho natives are nt present In n very destituto state. Tlioy nre coming over from Jiainmata toTamahere, which is situate beiween'Tlumiltou and Cam bridge, on tlio Horotin. Tlicy are huildinglow- roofsd whores, and putting in large quantities of crops at Tamahcrc, but no cultivation is gone on with at Mntumnta. As much ns 20 acres of pota toes will be planted by the natives at Tamahere. Tlioy appear to think that the Governor ought to send tbem food. Air. George Grahuin, acting for| the Government, had sent tliern one ton ef flour, part of which had been taken across to Mntamatn by William Thoinpsou ; nnd five tons of potatoes wero promised them, and havo since, no doubt, been received at Hamilton for redistri bution, The natives, who are now living com monly on fern root, appreciate this distribution of food more than anything else ; and no doubt will promise to be very good boys ns lonjr as they can supply their wants in this cheap and readv way." Tlio Gipps Land Times has the following re lative to the state of the entrance to the Lakes : — " Mr. King, who returned yesterday iu the Thomas Norton from a second visit of inspection to the entrance ef the Lakes, reports that owing to the loose shifting nature of the sand in Reeves River, which keeps constantly forming into banks, a passage is not yet practicable. The cur rent at the embouchure is, howovor, running as rapidly as on his first visit, and now tlmt the snow on the bills will soon begin to melt and in crease the volume of the Likes' tributaries; its force will of necessity be considerably augmented when doubtless all existing impsdlments will- he swept nwny; Untll-these sands are totally re moved, all idea of ingress or egress is "described as hopeless." A little boy, about three years of age, named Andrew Brydon, was found drowned in a water- holo, on the evening of tho4th, at Mount Drran in «f Clarendon. "Thedecessed," adds the ' tar, strayed from the house, and when found wus cold ami quite dead. A number of logs were spread over ihu hole, but it nppea-s tlmt one of the logs had been displaced, leaving an open ing sufficient to admit of the deceased falling through., Thire wos about 4ft. of water iu the ibole." -A very distressing case of des itutlon- was brought under the consideration of the Dayles- ford Ludles' Benevolent Society a few days ago. It 1 thus stated in th? Express x—-t( a Mrs L with five young children wna almost reduced to starvation. On inquiry the report proved to be perfectly correct, the family being not only In wnnt of food, but having scarcely a rag to cover their nakedness. Her tele is indeed a sad one. learn, ifom Mr- Lorimer, of Yineent street, who has known her for 10 years, thai she ts an S T "o dC5trvlus womau- parents resided in Sout'i Australia, where she was brought up in affluence and received the ednca- i ?\ MCr appearau,!0 I""1 deportment bear Unmittnkealile evidence both ot delicate nurture and of familiarity with cultivated society. Her first husband, we uniler-tood, kept an hotel ' ZTjTT'r diath ske nia"'"l her Gn lv a'" v a' hC" " e'orekeeper In Green Gully, Newstcad. Becoming insolvent he re moved to this district, aild for the last two years has dragged on a precarious existence a. a digger. Fm mg that he could not earn a living W mini m0t '"lployucnt one Of the deep mines at Taradale, and had been there only two days, when a large stnne flint was being lowered down the shaft fell oil his henil oni) inflicted n dreadful injury on his skull. Ho is now lying in thnt town with hnrdly n hops of recovery. In tho meantime ths'Bcncvolent Society have re lieved tho immediate necessitiesnf the family, but it is hoped something mora will be done to aid tlio unfortunate mother In supporting herself nnd children. Air. Lorimor Is anxious to obtain sufficient to purchase a sewing-machiae l «r Airs. I, — , with which she would be able to obtain a maintenance." The notions tried in the Sup-emo Court, yesterday, did not possess much public interest. Douglas v. Deino was an action of ejectment for breach of covenant In a len»e. Tlie plaintiff having, however, nccopted rent since the alleged forfeiture, he was nonsuited. In Meade v. Adams, damages were claimed from a squatter ot Sunday Creek, near . Ki'insre, for removing " improvements" from nn nllo'ment of land sold by the Crown to the plaintiff:, nnd for profits which the latter would hnvemnde had a quantity of fencing been lefc on the land. It was calculated that had the ground been fenced and a crop of potatoes put In, the profits would have been something like L63 per acre, which wns lost, ns tho season was too far advanced to convey other fencing materials to the property. The jury, however, refused to allow theso damages, as being too remote, hut considering thnt there had been a trespass, gave the plnintlffs a verdict for 40s. A frightful accident occurred yesterday morn ing, at the abattoirs at East Collhijrivood. It seems that a butcher, named Thomas- Greasy, was iis'i'tlog to sort a number of emtio, when n bullock rushed upon him and gored him In tho throat so severely that it was fonndj necessary to remove hltn to the hospital, where ho now lies in' a very dangerous state. The magistrates at the East Collingwood Police Court were occupied for some time yester day with a case in which tlie head-master of tho St. George's Common School, Wellington street, was complained ngniost by the local committee for trespass. Tlie defendant lmd n month's notice of dismissal in accordance with tho terms of nn agreement entered into between him and the committee, but he declined to give up posses sion of tho premises on the ground tlmt lie wns a yearly tenant, and, therefore, entitled to hold tliern until the tenancy was legally and regularly terminated. The Bench considered that they had no jurisdiction in the mnttcr, nnd dismissed the case, but refused to allow costs. Tlie caso has been before the public for some time, and has excited no little interest in Collingwood. The Court during the hearing was crowded. Public meetings iu support of tlie Ministiy were held on Moudny night at Sandhurst and Geelong. At both, resolutions approv ing the policy of the Ministry iu reference to the Legisln! ivc Council were carried. The Bendigo.A deerti'cr, commenting upon the pro ceedings at the' meeting held In that town, says : — " Wc apprehend tbnt as regards the speeches, the meeting ot list night wns a failure, inasmuch ss they were general')- utterly beneath tlio occa sion, that it disclosed n largo party ardent sup porters of the Aiinlstry, and very many persons who are yet undecided. We doubt whether in Sandhurst ttiis meeting will he uf any assistance to the Aiinlstry ; we nre sntisfied thnt in no way should it niter the determination of tho Legisla tive Council to stand firm, and we nre confident that so far as tlie public are concerned, the posi tion of the Ministry is weaker in this district tlmu it was a few months ago." A cabman named J o nes Breeze nppenred on remand, at the City Court yesterday morning, charged with assaulting Eliza Alusson, with whom he had been living, and also with throw ing vitriol at nnotber young woman named Anne Pickering. The case wns postponed until to day for the attendance of AH. Rend. The vitriol was thrown by the prisoner at Pickering nbout 12 months ago, caused the loss of her left eye, and seating her face frightfully, but as the pri soner had decamped nothing more was heard of him until a few days ago, when he threatened to servo Eliza Alusson — who liitd lefc him — in a similar manner if she did not return. The pri soner, who seems n most hardened young scoun drel, remarked about the time that he wns arrested, that "be wouldn't murder girls, hut preferred to torture tbem ;" and, in fact, ap peared fo be proud of having committed the diabolical net with which ho is charged, The JjunoUg h xjircss leporls us under parti- culnrs of a daring case of garotting, whidt oc curred an Saturday night, within a fe v yards of the office of tbnt paper:— "A digger, "sllgh tly the worse for liquor, was passing through tho lane from Broadway to Merkut square, when he. was seized by the throat and Juid upon ltis back by one man whilo another rifled his pockets of 10s. A number of persons saw lite occurrence, but thought that tlie man who was robbed had fallen, nnd that the robbers were his mates, try ing to pick him up. Tlie man was so far choked as to be uunole to call out for some mo ments after the rnsculs had left him. Two dig gers gave chose to them, hut tbey escaped into tltc bush. Tlio moon was shiuing brightly nt tlx ttmA nf flia .... 1, The caso referred to in tho subjoined ex tract from the Mur would he a fit compnniou story of that in wide., Prolcssor Ilalford and Air. Claude Faiic figured pronjiuently after the execution of Harrison On Thursday Inst tho district coroner,' Mr. Thomas Hopper, hold an inquest -at tho Foundry hotel, Scarsdale, on tho body of a man named James Bathgate, who had died somewhat suddenly on tlie previous morniug. Tlie post-mortem examination wns made by Dr. Saenger, nnd that gentleman, it appears, deposited tho heart of ihc deceased iu a jug, with the view of having it taken home for the purpose of experiment. The doctor went away and apparently forgot to send fur it. For a day or two the landlady permitted the jug with its contents to remain in the hotel, but the deposit becoming offensive it wns removed to tlie stable, where it has since been emittiui its vory undesirable effluvium." On Alouday, a gentle man residing in tlmt locality called upon Air. Burke, J .P., td inquire what was to be done iu the case, es the proprietors and servanls about the hotel wete unable to endure tlie stcticli any longer. Air. Burke directed tlie person to tho police camp fur tlie necessary information, and on his making known the object of his visit one of the constables was despatched to Dr. Bangny to nmko further inquiries into the matter. He seemed to know nothing of the affair, hut pro mise! to at oncu communicate with Dr. Saenger on- the subject, and .try to get an owner for this strange sort of property." ' " ' — - A skeleton, supposed to be tlmt of a-rann named Tliomus Byrnes, who wns lost in the hush near Lewis'9 Ponds, iu the western district of New South Wales, was renentlr found. The Western Jsxaminer lias tlie following relating to the discovery An inquest was held lit Lewis's Ponds on Monday, theSGtli uit., on the remains of a ronu found in the hush on iho Fit. day previous. Dr. Morgan deposed that lie had seen the remaina of a body on the -mountain above Mr. Jones's house. The skeleton lay on its hack, being a mats of disconnected hones. The skull wns lower down the hill, nnd the right arm was higher up than the rest of tho hemee. There were a pair. of men's boots in a tolerable state of preservnii-in, fragments of a twill shirt a blnck cloth waistcoat, a pair of trousers and u enbbjgctreo hat. The bones were those of an e derly man, as recognised by the formation of the skull. .There was no fracture of ilm skull or any bones of the limbs. All the bones were healthy and in a g.io'd stato. of preservation. Henry ,T. Jones stated tlmt he was tho son of John Jones, of Brotlmr Flat, Lewis's Ponds. On Thursday last he wns on the range behind his father a bruise, knngarooing, nnd nbout two miles from home Ho lound some bones, which ho saw were human. Went into Orance a day or two afterwards and Informed the district com- ner. About three years ngo a man nnm« . Patrick Byrnes, who lircd about fire mile- from hfs father's place, .was said: In be misstog, and he joined the neighbours in searching for him for two or three days without finding him ; on the first or second day found hoot tracks, whicli we fol lowed as long as we could see them : nhm.r n wcik afterwards he wns looking fut b„|" , on the range.. near. his father's ; found nnd afterwards nguny.nh of boughs, without lire, which had been recently made ; sunno Jn that Byrnes lmd put it up ; wo had th another search, without success. Tho gunv b was on the snmo rango, and about one and half miles from where we fouud the bo " Donald Kerr, a farmer, residing nt Low''' Ponds, recollected about three years ngoamF unmed Patrick Byrnes being missing fro,„ bi® home. Searched for hhn for scveial days with out finding lilm. Saw Byrnes nbout eight dava before be wn» reported ns missing. Had see the bones found' last week by Henry Jone" and believed tliem to bo Byrnes' remains for fjllowiog reasons:— The remnant of trou«e» found with tho bones are of tlie same material and resemble those worn by Byrnes, inhavC only two buttons in particular places—ono button to keep the trousers up, and the other to keep them together ; tho remnant of shirt found aire resembles tlmt whioli Byrnes was i„ th« habit of wearing. Byrnes was an aged man A verdict of accidental death was returned" A meeting of tho burgesses of Wllfiomstown wns held in the local Mechanics' Institute on Monday evening, when Atessrs. Dowraan Lindsay (junr.), Breheney, Withers, Conradie' Dalgnrno, and Hosiam, who nre candidates for the vacant seats in the municipal council delivered addresses In explanation ol their vlewJ on municipal matters. The speukcrs were favourably received, nnd tho competition on polling di , which is fixed for to-merrow will it is expected, bo vcrj keen. ' ' Tlie recent Parliamentary career of- th- If0B II. M. Murphy, AI.L.C ,. having been the sub ject of certnin significant comments-published In the livens and Murray Advcrtiier, that gentle man has written a letter to that journal defendl ing himself. In reference to ills vpta on the "tack," srr. AI urphy says " r voted against tlie Approprintioii-cum-Tnriir Bill ; but hsd the tnrlff pure and simple been sent up in accordance with British Parliamentary practice, that is six months ago, I should lmvo voted for it. I was quite prepared to give tlio system n fair trial, hut voting for Dm tariff to-day fa quit0 a different matter. Were the tariff as perfect as I now believe it to be imperfect, were it as wise and just end expedient ns I believe it to be all the contrary, I should not hesitate an instant la voting against it now ; because the present Mi nistry, have used that tariff as n means oflm- po-iog taxes on the people in direct violation of British Constitutional Law for a period of be tween six and seven months. Though all the world knows that, ns a vital principle, taxation shall be imposed upon tho people solely by the joint anion of tho three estates of the reiilra— not by King Charles, nor yet by King Alob, hut by King, Lords, and Commons, nnd by no other means whatsoever." The writer concludes in the following gran diloquent stylo " I havo only to say in conclusion that the straiu, onus and responsi bility thrown upon the members of Council who vote simply for the maintenance in its integrity of the British constitution as by law established is, I expect somewhat more than can be easily realised by t!io-e who happily live beyond the influence of tlio cyclone in wliieh we are enveloped. On tlie ono hand we see the con fusion nnd disasters of to-day, and on the other tlie anarchy and ruin which must overtake the colony in time to come, if we now permit for tho sake of any temporary peace, the unity, beauty and perfection of the British constitution to be trailed in the dust by tlie Alinistry of the mo ment — the butterflies ef the hour." The accompanying 1s an extract from the Dcndigo Advertiser: — " A man named Richard Taylor, was, on Sunday evening lest, taken to the hospitn! suffering from the effects of a stsb ho received from another men about two years ngo. Tlie man who inflicted the wound wns tried for the offence, nnd, being convicted, was sentenced to two year.:' imprisonment, which it is said has now nearly expired. The poor man who was injured fa now dead." At the weekly meeting of the Council of the Acclimatisation Society, lipid yesterday, a iotter was rend from tho Chief Socrctary of South Australia, stating that the South Australian Government would not require' the camels which they had previously asked for, as the continued drought in the northern districts ' rendered nil attempts ot exploration hope less. After some discussion, it was decided to request the Chief Secretary to give per mission to sell those camels, end at once to advertise lor tenders for tlio animels. Mr. Cnrr brought undor the notice of tlie council the samples of wool which he lind taken from tho pure Angnra goat and from the cross betwixt this and the common goat. These samples had been subjected to n very close micro scopic examination by Air. W. H. Archer, and his report wns to the effect tlmt although the wool from the cross-bred animal contnlncd a large mixture of coarse hair, yet what there was of tlie finer quality resembled so closely that taken from the pure bred goat as scarcely to be aisringuisuauie rrom It. Tire first annual report from the Otago Acclimatisation Society was laid upon the table, showing good progress made; and nl though it sufferc. n severe loss in the loss of i's iudefatigable lion, secretary, the late Mr. F J. Ahlersiii, its career, upon tho whole, has been one of geat success. We hnve already referred to the case set forth in the fallowing paragraph, which wo find In tho Geelong A dvertiser : — "An extraordinary voyage has been made by Captain Musgrovo nnd two men frein tho Aucklaud Islands to Invercargili in a dingy. The voyage occupied five days. Cnntnin Musgrovo was formerly la command of lite schooner Grafton, wrecked at tlie Auckland Islands at the latter end of 1853. After existing on seals for the past 18 mouths, nnd waiting daily in expectation of somo passing vcsel to come witiiie signalling distance, so that they might be released from their desolate abode and unpalatable fare, ho determined upon at tempting the perilous voyege of crossing the Straits, with two of his crew, In n dingy. Two men are still left on tliesa infiospitnblo Islands, the boBt being too small to convoy tliern all. A small craft would be chartered to bring these weary sojourners beck to the civilised worid." AY e find tho following reference to tlio impor tant manufacturing undertaking known ns the \Y ntinon YYoolien' Company, lu, the Hamilton Spectator " Tlie prospectus of this important undertaking is now before us, and will ho found in our advertising columns. Tlie promoter of the company and the gentleman who has brought it before the public is Air. Keogh, and the secretary pro tem fa Air. Alexander Lear- month. With the experience of Sydney before us, there cannot he tiro smallest doubt hut that the manufacture of many descriptions of woollens would pay remarkably well. All tlmt is required is that it should lie started on a good basis, and witii sufficient capital to carry ilie matter through. It fa proposed that tlio company should consist of L50.000, in L5 shares, shout ' 3 paid up on which is considered nmpic to meet nil requirements. The 'calculations seem mode rately and fairly made. A provisional directory is to be appointed ns soon as COO slia res nre applied for." An exhibition of fine arts is now open gratui tously to the public nt 105 Collins street eiut, previous to tho pictures being offered for sulo. To-night tlie " Lndy of Lyons " will ho per formed at the Thentrc Royal, Mr. Barry Sullivan appearing as Claude Melnotte. A dramatic performance nnd bid! will he given this evening hy the Gnrrick Club, in the rooms of the German Gymnnstic Assoclntion, In aid of tlie Leiclihardt Search fund. Tlie per formance will consist of the comedy of "Tioo Tries All," and the " Bachelor of Arts." Trrn steamship City op AIemioursh left Sydney nt 4.20 p.m., cleared the Heaiis nt o.lo p.m., entered Port Phillip Heads nt 1 a.m. yes terday, , and made fast to pier ut 4 a.m. ''.xpe- ricnccil moderate S.E. winds and lieavy southerly swell to Cape Howe, from thence light S-" na westerly winds and fine weather. ' Sighted ui City of Adelaide r.t 8.30 p.m. on Monday, awn 20 miles S.E. of CiipeSclinimk, and at 10.38 p.nL gightod tlie steamer lilcckbird. 