PEN OLA, . our own Correspondent.] December 27th. 186S. Some short time since a meaiorial \vas Ur~ warded to the Postnitister-'General, urging' him to make some arrangement by which*.th(», mail from ^Adelaide. would reach Penola on Saturday instead of Sunday. This was at once taken into consideration, and the con tractor agreed to run the.extra distance -for* £100 subsidy j and also to have .100 acres for a paddock for horses between Narracoorte and Kingston, These requirements were atohce complied with by the Government, when all at once the , arrangement is knocked in tha head, because the-party on whose lease th# 100 acres is situate persists in refusing to allow it to be fenced'unless he has 6 months,1 notice. It. appears the Government have no power to interfere, and thus the unpleasant ness of one individual prevents a great public Jjcnefit being carried out. vv PUBLIC SCHOOL EXAMINATION. The.Animal Examination <jf the Sdholam attending tho Public Scliool was held on the 22nd' instant, and after a most searchidg; iaquiry which lasted about five hours, prizoa were awarded as follows ; Reading AND SPELLING-.lstClass. -c v 1st division-D. Patterson, W. Thompson.' 2nd. " -James .Black, Jane Congdon*. i 3rd u -"-Elizabeth Marks, . ; Second Class. _ 1st division-C, Aineworth, Janet McDon ald.; V V" ' . 2nd " -Sarah Mack, Mary Anne Marks. 3rd " -Jane Gladstone, Mary Congdon. . . . i Third Class. . Saran Sharam, Jessie Air. '. y , ( v Fourth Class. ; r r, T - - let division-Mary Anne Gladstone.^. 2nd -Spelling-Jessie ? WhHford,. Isabella Gladstone, equal, " f!r - Reading--James M. W^tsbn. . Grammar. ,-2. , ~ - 4th clasS, Isabella Gladstone; 3rd class, Jessie. Whitford ; 2nd class, Emma Mack; 1st class, Sarah Hogg. J Geography. 1st class, John Black ; 2nd class, John Watson ; #3rd class, William' Miller ;,4th class, Jessie Whitford; fith class, Isibella, Gladstone : James M. Watson, honorably mention. - . Arithmetic. 1st, James Davidson; 2nd, John Watson. .. History-Isabella Gladstone. , Dictatation-James M. Watsoii.' ; Bookkeeping-James M. Watson.^*"' ' Writing. ... Boys-Jamea M. Watson. Girls-Isabella "Gladstone/ . ? . Good conduct-W. Watson.. The great event in the way of a prize was the honorary admission to. the Mechanics* Institute. A letter from the Honorary Sec retary (Mr Artaud) was read, stating that the committee has determined to offer this dis tinction as an incentive to further improve ment for the best general scholar. The claims of Miss Gladstone and Master James M. Watson were- so evenly balanced. that it was determined to recommend to the Insti tute Committee a like distinction to cach of them. There was an excellent show of fancy work by the girls, , and the following prized were ..awarded by. the ladies, present . 1st class-Ellen Pudie, Isabella Gladstone, . Maryanne Gladstone. 2nd class-Jessie Air, M, Sharam, .Emma Mack. .;/ 3rd class-Jessie Messenger, Annie Fitz gerald. . ' For Braiding-Ellen Hogg. .; t There were M scholars present-and the examination reflect? great credit pn Mr. Plunkett. There are now over -60 scholars in. the school, and from the progress educa*^ tion is / making here, Vo way hare grew^' hopes of tHe future well-being of our rising^ population. G. B. Scott, Esq., S.M. .pmi sided on the occasion, and several ladies and{ fentleraen were present, Tho i Roy, Mr. ton was unavoidable-absent from indisposi tion.. * On Tuesday a . lecture in connection with the Iristifeito was delivered by the Rev. Jas. Dori., The subject chosen was the "Poetry of Mrs. Hemaps.". ,Tfye Iiev. gentleman was.: highly .Buijce^ful and read many of the most; striking lyrics of .the talented pooters with ?great-taste..,. '.The 'audience /though nbt AuraorpusV wa? ve^ select, ajnd fully appre ciated the lecture/ - This u'sualviqite'ofthanka was proposed by Mr1* M'. Clark, '.and passed unanimously.; The President (G. B. Scott* Esq.,) occupied the chair. I understand that the Institute Committee will feel uuder great obligation; to any gentlemen in tho istriot who will volunteer for any futur® lecture. The township has been very quiet and orderly during the holiday time here, and as usual we had a little racing on Boxing Day* Once round the course, heats, for £7, and £1 entrance added. Mr McDonald's Flatcatcher ' . ... I S Mr O'Rooney's Wild Irishman, late Fenian ... . ; ... I dp Mr McQueen's Penola 9 % ~ The winner evidently was well named* caught the other two f-s, who nevef atoeid.ft chance with him. > . , One mile, heats, for £4, and 10s. entrance! added. '. ' . " *'' McDonald's Highlander : ; ; 1 I. . Farewell ' . ..v. . 2dr ? . .Sandy boon said Farewell to bis competitor. ., had it all his own way, and walked over second ' ?heat.' ' .' - ' t"jl 1 ? WW" IXMI-I Ones round, pne event, for £2, and 7s 6d en* , trance &daertv; > ...... ' t ,: Menzte's Firceater.- ... ... 1 Drake's Straightlcgs ... ... 2 The fourth race for« quarter of a mile, hieats, was won by Mr Bbaw's Prince. In the House of Assembly on FrWay Mr. the Mount Gambler and Penola loSprcdoffwithHr. Carr, trho opposed thi|rtahe Assembly Mr, fclddoch'fl motion for an address to His Excellency, praying him cause a sum of £12,000 to be placed upon e Estimates for the purpose of making the toad from Mount Gambler to P,enol\ ^ faecratived. The Government declared tliey wmild not depart from the principle they had .^iatafned ot refusing all grants for roads under til? supervision of the Central Road of the Archdeacon of Bongs!, . by a question from Mr. Hume, ' What .*heduties of an archdeacon? isohe sent P of the subordinate occupants of the treasury bench to the other House to obtam an answer to the question from one of the bishops. Tbe messenger first met with Archuishon Vernon, Harcourt, who described au archdeacon as 41 aide-de-camp to the bishop; and then with Bishop Oopleton, of Llandaff, who said the archdeacon iB oculns cpucopu ' Lord Althofp, however, declared that neither of these ex. plauationa would satisfy the House. Go, iaid lie, and ask the Bishop of London *, he is astraightforward man, and will give ymia plain answer." To Dr. Blomfteld.nccordingly the messenger went, and repeated the question. " What is an archdeacon?" 4 An archdeacon^ replied the bishop, in lus q^ ck way, an archdeacon is an ecclesiastical officer, who performs arcliidiaconal function?; and with this reply Lord Altliorp and the house were perfectly satisfied It ought to be added, However, that when this story waa repeated to the Bishop himself, be said that he had no recollection of having made any.such answer: but that if he had, it must have heen suggested to him by a saying of old John W hite, a dentist, whom he had known in early dave, who used to recommend the use of lavender water to his patients, and when'pressed for a reason for bis recommendation,, replied, un account of its lavendrie properties.1' A GHOST Sxonv Exm-a-ined.-tA' few dayB ago, a woman, in what is called a respectable position of life, and inhabiting a detached house in the upper part of the Faubourg St Martin, presented herself, in a state of great excitement, at the neighbouring police station, declaring that she dared not re-entrc her house for fear of her husband. She had been for sonic time legally separated from him by death, but still, she said, be came to visit her every «ight dressed in a sheet, and nothing else, Be entered her room at all hours of the night, and menaced her with instant death if she uttered a word or moved a limb. When asked iow alio leuew it to be her hn"band, she 'replied that no other person could V guilty of such frightful conduct, m l <huc he had himself announced his nsnie, h tujli she could (Only see hia wicked eye-> at her from ibetween the folds of the b At first the police believed her mad, and considering the intense Heat, it occurred to them'that she was buffering from the effects of a sunstroke; but, t&O; she persisted in her story, the chef desired 4,he trembling woman to return home for one Imore night at least, and he would have two of jiia men placed in her bed-room, to arrest her ! ^?ogre of a husband if he should again attemnt to appear before her iu such a questionable . «hapti. Night came*, the woman "made . believe,the children pay, to retire to rest, while the police secretly introduced them into a closet Punctual ua tbo ghost of j r - a cmtrts* the \- , - - tod ~r * itS,a ? "the " night. At Khe fi.uiiu time the-quiek. tiara of the concealed policemen »caught aaou.nd in tlutncighbouring apartment . as of furniture being dragged about or lilted. They rushed out from their hiding place, aud ?while one adzed upon the apparition the other, investigated the cause of the peculiar sounds .described. The explanation was soon ^iven} the pretended phantom was a maid in the . serviee of the poor woman's lodgers, who wero JHraotic&lly; illustrating the old song of . We fly by night," by removing their land tfadyfl furniture piecemeal. For more than lour days had tlna peculiar kind of table-turning been going on. A few days more, and the unfortunate rentiers of the Faubourg St. JMartin would have been left in possession only of the bed she lay upon. The whole matter is now before the Police Correc tionelle. SiNQUiiAtt ACCIDENT.-The following singu lar accident is reported in the DaylesforJ Express as having happened last week at Corow, Ten-mile Creek.'-" A shepherd of Mr. Oray, a squatter in the neighbourhood,! .was found lying in his hut apparently dead, end with his body much discoloured. A medical man, who waa called in, prescribed ^whiskey. This restored the sufferer to eon -sciou&ness.; The only explanation he could }give of the state in which he waa discovered was, that some loose strychnine, used for . -poisoning wild dogs, had become mixed with .the tobacco he bad smoked Nicotiue, or the essential oil of tovacbo is considered a partial antidote to strychnine." Death OP MR. M, Daly, Jun., AT HOME. -We understand that the mail brought news ,of another sad bereavement in the family of ,our Governor. By the previous mail Mr. Malacliy Daly's death at Rome was announced, and by this mail we learn that that gentleman's second son, only brother of Mr. D. D. Daily, AP.o., won followed his father to the grave. This sad event is believed to be greatly attributable to illness caused by excessive grief upon the sudden death of the parent, a low lever having finally set in, which baffled the . skill of the physicians, lie died near Rome, where he had been engaged for some time ltt prosecuting his studies, We hear that the deceased young gentleman was but 19 or 20 years of age, waa an enthusiastic student of the or eeulpture, and had already given jagp^lsromlee of future distinction, having ^ with credit for the design of the Monument, We are sure our iip|lp?lll sympathize with His Excellency's aftiiy in tl\e sorrow brought upon them by this double stroke of affliction,-Register, Pah Hi c ide in IHELAND.-A young man named Power has been committed for trial in the Country Woxford, on the frightful charge of parricide. His father, Timothy Power, resiaed at Cromoguo, uoor Now town harry, and occupied a farm of about 85 acres, About eigh days ago he left homo on sorao business, and lie was not expected to return .flutfal late at night, his wifo went to bed at her usual hour. She was awakoned some Jtimo afterwards by lior spn.^ who .manifested itach extraordinary uneasiness about his fathers prolonged absence that she at length arose, and with him proceeded to look for her husband. To her horror, she soon found his lifeless body about <10 perches from the house, and in tho lane leading to it. Whon carried homo aud examined no less fchap. 15 wounds wore discovered upon it. They wero ^11 inflieted with a long-prongod hay-fork. O.no was under tho right ear, and Ihaa penetrated tho head to ft depth of nearly six inches, und to tho back of tho left eyo. On tho right aido was another, eight and a-half inches deep, which had fractured a rib and perforated the right lung. The opnosito lung was pieroed by v* similar wound. 'Any ono of ffoepo Injuries was sufficient to cause death. It was known that young Power had been on very bad. tortus with his father, which Circumstance, combined-with his unusual and apparently causclor? anxiety about him, and sonithing strange i n his domeanor, directed fcuspioion of the p.tlioe towards him, and ho was arrosted. ? An investigation, which lasted nearly tho who^ week, resulted in a vejdict of "Wilfui murder" against him, and was committed to Wexford Gaol to stant} his trial at the next assizes. Ono of the principal faots against him was that a hay-fork belonging to him, and which matched the wounds on his father's body, was found concealed in the haggard, aud having stains of blood on it. Young Power is only turned 21 years of age. MRS PARTINGTON declares shat sho thinks it very strange that a little auicksilver in a glass tube can make such awful hot weather y just rising in it an inch or so. 4AFTB» mo,' as tho noodle said to the thread. WHIN do two and two not make four P When thoy stand for 22. A CROSS-GRAINED old bachelor Bays that * t'n' is the belle metal now a-days. 