USE OF MANURES IN AUSTRALIAN FARMING. [From the Australasian.] The difference between the practical application of manures in Australia and their use in the cool climate of Britain may here be treated of, so as to put colonial farmers on their guard against the wasteful expendi- tore of using unsuitable manures at certain seasons of the year. In the first place, manure should not be used when it ia in a fresh state, unless for damp and strong clayey soils, and for these only in the months of April, May, and June. It is mere waste of manure to apply it to the land in spring and summer if not thoroughly rotted; fresh manure has a pernicious effect upon crops, particularly if much dry weather follows after the crop being put in. Hence has arisen many conflicting opinions, and some farmers are even prejudiced against manuring their land at aIL The composition of the soil should ba the chief criterion whereby to lay down any practical rules for guidance in manuring. Sous abounding in oxide of iron require matters of a calcareous nature, and vice varxa; the samples of soils recently analysed by Dr. Macadam show a great deficiency of lime end potash. There are few fertile soils which do not contain a considerable percentage of calcareous matters, and where these are wanting, no time should be lost in remedying the defect. Alluvial soils com prise silicious, clayey, calcareous, and other mineral and organic substances in a finely-blended state; the roots of the various crops grown on these soiU are sure to find the suitable food already mixed and prepared for them. This is the process which the intelligent farmer should aspire to imitate. The flat lands by rivers and creeks are most properly known as alluvial soils, and nowhere do we find soils to equal them in fertility. Various kinds of crops use a variety of mineral substances; the clovers flourish best in caloareous marly soils; gypsum is a valuable manure for clovers, lucero, turnips, and grain crops, where the soil is not of a calcareous nature. " The futile idea that the failure of gypsum as a manure is owing to the small quantity of it that is found in some Boils, and that it should be applied to ensure success on lands that do not contain it, has already been noticed; and equally futile ii the notion that lands said to be tired of growing clover may be made to prod nee that plant by applications of gypsum, because the ashes of clover contain that substance. The failure of clover crops, or, generally speaking, of any crops on lands not con stitutionally opposed to their growth, arises, not from a want in the soil of one per cent, of gypsum, or of any similar substance in that quantity, but from an injudicious and impoverishing system of managing the land, which excludes ample manuring at proper intervals, and the well-timed recurrence of the plants sown for crops. Lands tired of growing clovers, or wholly rejecting plant* that are not physically inap propriate, will not be found where farming is practised, for the cropping of lands and farming are widely different terms. A continuation of land in pasture has been found to ensure •everal crops of the cloven —a result that never could have been derived from any scientific inquiry."^ The use of undecompoged manures upon dry soils in the spring and summer seasons Causes them to part with whatever moisture they may contain with still greater rapidity ; the soil is kept too loose, and thus the drought lias a greater effect upon it. In planting potatoes, we often see manure used in a fresh or half rotted condition, and at the removal of the crop in the auttrmn, the manure is found in nearly the same state as when put in, except being drier. The beat method of using manure for potatoes, if it is not in a thoroughly rotted condition, is to spread it thinly over the ground to be planted, and plough it in about eight or ten inches deep; the bad effects from its drying in masses near the potato-root is thus prevented, and being thinly distributed through the soil it quickly decays, and becomes food for the potato crop. It should be borne in mind that it is only in the gaseous form that the roots of plants take up manure, hence the utility of manures when used in a liquid state; the expense attending the use of liquid manure ia the only reason for its very limited use at the present time. Wherever irrigation is practised, liquid manures would prove most potent, and are especially adapted for grass lands. Composts are better suited to our climate than dung alone ; the compost heap may consist of various matters, as turf, alluvial soil, ashes, leaves of trees, and plants, lime, a limited quantity of salt, road scrapings, and manure. The heap can be saturated with soap-suds, manure-water, or the wash from the house; this would be found far better for crops than badly-prepared farmyard manure. A Yankee Advocate.—The following specimen of a spread-eagle lawyer's eloquence needs no com ment: —"'Thou elialt not kill!' Now, if you hang my client, you transgress the command as slick aa grease, and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client having killed a man; but is that any reason why you should do so? No ench thing, gentlemen. You may bring the prisoner in guilty; the hangman may do his duty; but that will not exonerate you. No such thing. In that case you will be murderers. Who among you is prepared for the brand of Gain to be stamped upon his brow to-dayj1 Who, freemen—who in this land of liberty and light P Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of yon have a bowie knife or a pistol in your pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar cases and tobacco. You can Bmoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscience; but bang my unfortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscera until the spinal vertebras of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for the grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen! Beware of committing murder! Beware, I say, of meddling with the Eternal prerogative! Gentlemen, I adjure you by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society to do no murder; I adjure you by the name of woman— the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of Time's tyeoretical transmigration—to do no murder! I adjure you, by the love you have for the esculent and condimental gusto of our native pumkin, to do no murder! I adjure you by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country—l adjure you by the American eagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of creation, and now sits roosting on the magnetic; telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigra tion, to do no murder! And lastly, gentlemen, if ever you expect free dogs not to bark at you—if yon ever expect to wear boots made of the Bocky Moun tain buffalo—and, to sum np all, if yon ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down to indistinctability, acquit my client, and save your country." The prisoner was acquitted. Modern Extbavagance.—A girl's ball-dress in 1865 costs from £8 to £15, that of a married woman from £15 to £50, and a single well-sustained and spirited evening's dancing not nnfreqnently demo lishes the complicated structure altogether, the very first time it is worn. With care and good luck, a girl who does not dance very violently may wear her dress twice—certainly not more than three times. After each dance, ballrooms are now-a-daya etrewn with fragments of the fray, torn off in the melee ; and a temporary accident ward is invariably rigged up in the neighborhood of the supper-room, whither the wounded may be led for surgical advice and assis tance.—Pall Mall Gazette. A juvenile clerk lately went to a cotton-broker on 'Change, and asked him what was to he said in his circular as to that day's market. "No further decline," aaid the broker. On returning to his office, the broker found the last paragraph in his circular concluded with the remark, "To-day (here is no infernal decline," 