ARRIVAL OF THE JEDDO WITH THE MAY MAILS. The Peninsular and Oriental Com- pany's steamship Jeddo, with the May mails from England, reached Hobson's Bay at ten o'clock on Saturday morning, after a lengthened passage from King George's Sound, attributed to strong head winds. The following are the letters of our London correspondent :— LONDON, May 26, 1865. ASSASSINATION OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN. No event of recent times has shocked pub- lic feeling more than the assassination of Abraham Lincoln. The qualities of the man — his kindliness and honesty and evident growth in political wisdom —the surprise and horror of the catastrophe — and the crisis at which it occurred, when victory on the field had but prepared the way for work still more difficult of accom- plishment — have united to deepen the sym- pathy excited, and which has found expres- sion throughout Europe. The brief announce- ment of my last letter may, therefore, be fitly supplemented by some account of the cir- cumstances of the murder as they have since come to our fuller knowledge. It was the 14th of April, the day ap- pointed for the formal restoration of the Federal flag over the ruins of Fort Sumter, by which was signalised the triumph of the North on the spot where hostilities first com- menced. The same hand which four years before had lowered the flag in token of sub- mission had raised it again in proof of vic- tory. The Rev. Henry Ward Beecher — sum- moned by the President specially for the occasion from New York — had pronounced an oration in which he eloquently discoursed on the war and its issues, and looked exult- ingly forward to the future. No suspicion of the coming calamity, although so near, could have crossed the mind of any one of the great crowd of listeners. At Washington, that morning, Mr. Lincoln had presided at a cabinet meeting. "He was more cheerful and happy," wrote Mr. Stanton afterwards, " than I had ever seen him, re- joiced at the near prospect of firm and durable peace at home and abroad, and manifested in a marked degree the kindness and humanity of his disposition, and the tender and forgiving spirit that so eminently dis- tinguished him." The evening came on, when it had been arranged that he should attend a benefit performance at one of the principal theatres of the city, in company with General Grant. The latter, however, having been called away in another direc- tion, Mr. Lincoln, not wishing to disappoint the public, went, though rather reluctantly, along with his wife and one or two friends. As the party entered the box reserved for them, the large and brilliant assemblage rose and cheered with vehement enthusiasm. The President bowed, and then seated him- self where, partially screened from observa- tion, he had the best view of the stage. The play proceeded, and had reached the third act, when a handsome and richly-dressed young man suddenly presented himself at the open door of the box. The servant in at- tendance politely said, " This is the Presi- dent's box, sir ; no one is permitted to enter." Whereupon he answered, "I am a senator ; Mr. Lincoln has sent for me," and stepped for- ward. In the act his quick glance met the eye of Major Rathbone, one of the party, who, rising, asked the stranger if he knew upon whom he was intruding, aud courteously re- peated what the servant had said. The man spoke not a word, but moving quickly back, drew a pistol, with which, taking deadly aim from behind — some say so that the ball passed through the closed door — he shot Mr. Lincoln in the head. With a bowie knife he slashed the arm of Major Rath- bone, who rushed forward to seize him, and in an instant leaped upon the stage beneath, a distance of eight or ten feet. Then turning full upon the audi- ence, brandishing his weapon, he shouted, "Sic semper tyrannis. Virginia is avenged," and in a moment bounded across the stage and disappeared. His rapid and dramatic action seems to have bewildered those who saw him. Only one gentleman, comprehend- ing the situation, attempted to follow him, but he was too slow ; and as the assassin sprang upon his horse outside, its hoofs might almost have been heard amid the silence that for a few seconds awed the crowd. But the screams of Mrs. Lincoln soon told the terrible truth, and the scene of fierce excitement that ensued defies description. Women fainted, and men mingled their shouts with the shrieks of horror. Miss Laura Keene, whose benefit it was, played a more tragic part than had been originally assigned her. Pausing one mo- ment before the footlights, to intreat the audience to be calm, she ascended the stairs in the rear of Mr. Lincoln's box, entered it, took the dying President's head in her lap, bathed it with water she had brought, and endeavoured to force some of the liquid through the insensible lips. The locality of the wound was at first supposed to be in the breast. It was not until after the neck and shoulders had been bared, and no mark discovered thut the dress of Miss Keene, stained with blood, re- vealed where the ball had penetrated. As soon as the confusion allowed, Mr. Lincoln was carried to a house opposite the theatre. Beyond a convulsive lifting of the right hand, he gave no sign of consciousness, and expired, without apparent suffering, some nine hours after receiving the fatal shot. The members of his family and of the Cabinet were gathered round his deathbed ; Mr. Stanton cried like a child ; and the whole scene is described as most affecting. ASSAULT ON MR. SEWARD. Within ten minutes of the time of the murder in the theatre, a stranger called at Mr. Seward's house, and, on the pretence of being the bearer of a special medical prescription, insisted on being admitted to the bedside of the suffering Secretary, who, you will remember, had been thrown from his carriage and seriously in- jured some few days before. He succeeded in passing the hall-porter ; but near the bed- room door he encountered Mr. Frederick Seward, the Secretary's eldest son, who, on hearing his explanation, refused him admit- tance. On this he struck Mr. Seward a severe blow across the forehead with the butt end of a pistol, fracturing the skull. As the first victim fell, Major Seward, a younger son, emerged from his father's room. Without a word, the man dashed forward with a knife, and dealing him several blows, rushed by into the chamber. Here the ruffian sprang upon the bed where the Secretary lay, and stabbed him two or three times in the neck and face. Mr. Seward arose convulsively, and fell out of bed ; and to this, and a contrivance of wire which had been need in setting his fractured jaw, and partially protected his throat, must be ascribed his escape from instant death. A male nurse who attempted to stop the assassin received a terrible wound ; and then bounding out down the stairs, the man leaped upon his horse, which he had left standing outside in the street, and galloped rapidly away. At first it was feared that both Mr. Seward and his son were mortally wounded, but later ac- counts happily report that the crisis of danger is past, and that both are in a fair way of re- covery. PURSUIT AND DEATH OF THE ASSASSIN. Yon may suppose that Washington, and, as the news spread, all the cities of America, were thrown into a state of almost mad- dened excitement as the horror of this great crime fell suddenly upon them. The whole of the police force was immediately set in motion ; every street was patrolled, and pickets were placed on every road ; the steam- boats on the Potomac were stopped ; and every imaginable precaution taken for the discovery of the men. A reward of 50,000dols. was immediately offered, and other induce- ments, to secure information. Nevertheless, the assassins succeeded in effecting their escape into Maryland. But it was not long before suspicion alighted on their traces. In the case of Mr. Lincoln, the leader of the orchestra, and Miss Keene, who was just coming on the stage as the shot was fired, declared that a certain John Wilkes Booth was the murderer ; and a hat left in the President's box, and a spur dropped below, were identified as belonging to him. He had visited the theatre in the morning, and chatted with the ticket-agent ; and he had been seen during the performance pressing through the crowded dress circle, with an air of unlikely interest, towards the neigh- bourhood of the President. This Wilkes Booth, let me explain, was one of three brothers, sons of a well-known tragedian, Edmund Booth, all actors, and himself there- fore well acquainted with the avenues of the stage ; by means of which knowledge it ap- pears that he gained access to the theatre, entering from behind, and engaging a scene carpenter to hold his horse, a thoroughbred by the bye, which be had hired. He is said to be a man of dissolute habits and violent tem- per — daringly Southern in his politics, and accustomed to express his views with little reserve. About a year ago he quitted the stage, and had since made quite a fortune in petro- leum speculations. That his plans had been deliberately matured there is now ample evi- dence to show. A letter, indeed, has been dis- covered, written as far back as January, in which, with much declamation and mystery, he hints at a project for kidnapping the Pre- sident — " deeming it no dishonour to attempt to make for the South a prisoner of the man to whom she owes so much misery." It soon also became clear, from more than the mere signs of conceit, that several persons were en- gaged in the conspiracy. A man named Suratt, who had suddenly disappeared from his home, was suspected to have been the assailant of Mr. Seward ; and while the police were in his house, having come to arrest the members of his family, he himself entered, disguised and covered with mud, and was at once seized ; and being confronted with Major Seward and the domestics, iden- tified without hesitancy. A German named Atzeroth was also found to be implicated ; and Harrold, a boon companion of Booth's. A little army followed on the track of these desperate men. Their refuge was at first un- known ; but at a tavern ten miles from the city a clue was obtained to the direction taken. By that strange Nemesis which so often follows closely on the commission of crime, Booth, in leaping to the stage, had en- tangled his foot in a flag, and so fallen as to break the small bone of his leg. With wonderful endurance he had arisen, showing no signs of injury, raised his shout of triumph, and fled, overthrowing those in his way, and urging forward his horse through the night till the pain of his limb became at last intolerable, and he had to find a surgeon to set it. Then, being unable to ride, and needing the crutch of a lame man, he was marked wherever he went, and in his slower progress more easily traced. Some days elapsed ; and it was known that he and his accomplice, Harrold, had taken refuge in one of the Maryland swamps which lie be- tween the Potomac and Chesapeake Bay ; then, as the pursuit grew hotter, that he had crossed the river into Virginia, at a place called Port Royal. He was followed, and in the night of the 25th of April a party arrived at the house of an old man named Garrett, who it proved had harboured the fugitives. The old man and his son were forced by threats to reveal their place of concealment, which was a neighbouring barn. Booth, when summoned, refused to come forth ; but, in theatrical style, offered to fight his besiegers at a fair distance. So the barn was set on fire, and in the melee he was shot through the head by a sergeant. The wound was not immediately fatal, and he lingered three hours before he expired. His last words were a message to his mother — "Tell mother I died for my country. I thought I did for the best." Harrold was conveyed to Washington, with the dead body of his com- panion. Nobody knows where the latter was buried. It is said to have been cut into pieces, each of which was sewn in canvas, weighted, and cast into the Potomac, that no foolish sentimentalists may be able to gratify a morbid curiosity over his grave. PRESIDENT DAVIS ACCUSED. Other arrests have been made, and the trial of the conpirators is now proceeding in secret at Washington. It was natural that, in the first heat of indignation, suspicion should be directed towards the emissaries of the South ; but it is with surprise and incredulity that we have read the proclamation of the Government, not only asserting, as at first, that the plot was known and approved at Rich- mond, but that " the assassination was in- cited, concerted, and procured by Jefferson Davis," and "other rebel traitors harboured in Canada ;" and offering a reward of 100,000dol. for the capture of the Confederate President. It is an odious policy which, ex- cepting on the most trusty evidence, at- tempts to fix the stigma and the penalties of so great a crime on the chief of the brave but discomfited South. General Lee, when the news of tie murder first reached him, shut himself, horror-stricken, into his room, and refused to hear the de- tails ; and General Edwin Lee has published an indignant disclaimer, prompted by the first imputation, declaring, from his own knowledge of the Richmond Government, that they would have seen with abhorrence any attempt to advance their cause by such means. General Ewell, when he was told of the crime, bowed down his head, and wept like a child ; and has since, with a number of other Confederate generals, fellow-prisoners, addressed a letter to General Grant, ex- pressing their horror at the deed. Of President Davis himself there is scanty intelligence. A proclamation was issued from Danville after the fall of Richmond, but before be knew of the surrender of Lee, in which he avowed his determination to continue the struggle, though state after state should be wrested from him. He is now a fugitive, supposed to be hastening towards the Mississippi, carrying what trea- sure has been saved, and encorted by a body of 2,000 horsemen. The Federal cavalry are known to have been within one day's march of him at Yorkville, in South Carolina, so that his escape is doubtful. FUNERAL OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN. Meanwhile the funeral of the murdered President gave the nation an opportunity of manifesting its grief. The body lay in state in the Rotunda of the Capitol at Washing- ton on the 20th of April, and the day was observed throughout the North with great solemnity. No business was transacted, and religious, including funeral services, were held in all the churches. On the next morning the sad procession moved north- ward, a special committee having been de- legated to convey the remains of the President back to his humble home in Illinois. At Baltimore, Harrisburg, and a few of the chief cities on the route, the body was exposed in state, and seen by sor- rowing thousands. At New York, the streets were draped in black ; and after the body had been visited by fully 100,000 people, it was accompanied to the railway terminus by a funeral procession such as America had never witnessed. It took four hours to pass a given spot, marching slowly to the beat of muffled drums, and through a dense crowd of silent spectators. One little incident was significant. The negroes had been refused permission to take part in it by the corporation, through the influ- ence of its Irish members ; but this decision was overruled by Mr. Stanton, who telegraphed a strong recommendation that they should be permitted to follow as representatives of the race for whom the dead had so unweariedly laboured. Some 250 negroes, dressed in black, came, therefore, in the rear ; they were guarded by the police, but of this there was no need for their appearance, as they paraded through the most aristocratic portion of New York, broke the spell which held the multi- tude silent, and elicited shouts of applause — the ladies waving their handkerchiefs from windows and balconies, and in some instances throwing flowers on their way. PUBLIC SYMPATHY. Never was there a more unanimous expres- sion of feeling than when the news first reached this country. Meetings were imme- diately held of all classes in many ot our chief towns, to express to the American nation the profound sympathy of our people. The Queen promptly addressed, with her own hand — as from one widow to another — a letter of condolence to Mis. Lincoln in her terrible trial. In both Houses of Parliament an address was formally adopted praying Her Majesty to convey to the United States " their abhorrence of the crime and their sympathy" in the affliction which had befallen them. In the House of Commons, Sir George Grey introduced the subject, provoking only an expression of dissent when he unwisely hinted that the cause of the North was favoured by a majority here ; and Mr. Disraeli briefly, but in his happiest style, followed, alluding to the domestic circum- stances of the tragedy, which served to im- press it the more deeply on the heart. In the House of Lords, Earl Russell gave ex- pression to the general sentiment, fitly, but not most vigorously ; and Lord Derby, on the Conservative side, added a few cordial words, in which, however, he seemed to question the proceeding as one un- precedented in Parliament, and was betrayed into errors of bad taste, surprising in so skilled an orator on such an occasion. The same spirit has been manifested in other countries, though not in the same degree. The Emperor Napoleon at once addressed a letter to the American ambassador ; and the Empress Eugenie — following our Vic- toria's example — has since written to Mrs. Lincoln. The Legislative Assemblies have also spoken out in Paris ; and there is not, I believe, a capital in Europe where abhorrence of the crime has not been in some form pub- licly expressed. Even in the Levant, and in Constantinople, meetings have been held. In Canada the people could not more heartily have shown their sorrow had their own Governor been stricken down. THE NEW PRESIDENT. All eyes have of course been anxiously turned towards the new President. Within a few hours after Abraham Lincoln had breathed his last, Andrew Johnson was quietly inaugurated as his successor. Mr. Johnson is fifty-seven years of age, and by mere force of character has raised himself from a position of obscurity. Without any means of education, he worked os a journey- man tailor at a very early age, and it is said first learned to read after his marriage, his wife being his teacher. At twenty he was elected alderman of. his village ; at twenty-eight sent to the States Legisla- ture, and at thirty-five he entered Congress, some years later becoming governor of his adopted state of Tennessee. The unfortu- nate exhibition which he made of himself on the day he assumed the office of Vice-president created a general feeling of disgust ; but those who have known him longest — men them- selves of mark and character — declare him to be really a man of temperate habits, and there appears to be no reason now to doubt that his pitiable failure then was really due to an accident in his having too compliantly taken a prescription of spirits, to which he was unaccustomed, in order to strengthen himself under temporary indisposition. He has found ready support, and has now a career open to him in which he can, as he chooses, justify either the averments of his friends or his enemies. Nor must we forget that our own great Pitt waa once intoxicated at St. Stephen's. His speeches, delivered to delegations and on various occasions, evince a clear and argumentative mind, and betray no trace of weakness. They have, on the whole, been received with satisfaction, although indicating a policy of severity towards the leaders of the rebellion sterner than this country would approve. If the assassination of the man be so great a crime, what, he asks, is the assassination of the state ? He has retained all the secretaries in office, and has appointed Mr. W. Hunter, a moderate, as locum tenens for Mr. Seward. No further avowal of his policy has been made than that he will deal with circumstances as they arise. The reception of our new ambassador, Sir Frederick Bruce, elicited from him a few words of friendly feel- ing towards this country ; he referred to the danger of frequent " misunderstandings" and the need of greater "mutual forbearance." It may be a vain hope — for already the rowdy press of New York has resumed its work of abuse and embroilment — that from this starting point there should exist a safer and more cordial relation between the two countries. In the brotherly sympathy of the hour there has been an allaying of many ani- mosities, and every disposition manifested to forget lesser differences in remembrance of the great and difficult work which is now be- fore the American people. THE WAR-OPERATIONS IN THE FIELD. The operations in the field have now lost their importance ; and I may therefore be excused, under the necessities of space, in most briefly touching upon them. The army of Johnstone has surrendered to Sherman, after negotiations which were disallowed by the Washington Government ; for Sherman so far forgot the limits of his authority as to arrange a basis of peace, which would have cancelled some of the essential acts of Lincoln's ad- ministration. The terms ultimately pre- scribed were those granted to Lee. Other large bodies of men have likewise given in their submission, Kirby Smith and Taylor included ; and in distant Texas only are there still signs of resistance. Mobile, after a despe- rate struggle, was already captured, when the issue of affairs in Vhginia would have made longer opposition useless. But ac- counts from the South present a fright- ful picture — of a brave people mourning and desolate, of ruin and disorganization and famine — of towns and manufactories and agriculture and commerce destroyed — of want and wretchedness, and thousands of im- poverished famishing creatures, even the ladies of aristocratic families being glad to beg for a dole of rice. What " reconstruc- tion" will build us this shattered framework ? We must wait and see. Surely, not another war. Yet already Mexican agents are busy in New York, and the work of armed emigra- tion is assuming formidable proportions. CAPTURE OF PRESIDENT DAVIS. The Scotia, which has just arrived, brings intelligence from New York to the 17th inst. Wilson's cavalry captured Jefferson Davis, his wife, sister, and brother, at Irvinsville, Georgia, on the 10th inst. Several officers forming Mr. Davis's staff, were also captured, and the whole of the prisoners have been for- warded to New York under a strong guard. It would appear now that President Johnson withdraws his reckless and malicious charge, which no one for a moment believed, im- plicating Mr. Davis in the conspiracy to murder Mr. Lincoln. The Judge Ad- vocate has probably offered himself as Johnson's scapegoat in the matter, since upon him has been laid the onus of what is now characterised as a blunder. That legal functionary was mistaken in the nature of the evidence — so the official admission has it — and thus misled the President. No doubt under compulsion from the universal outcry against a secret trial of the conspirators, the court is now thrown open, and the proceed- ings are reported from day to day. An expe- dition is being organised at New Orleans against Texas, where Kirby Smith still keeps the field. A new amnesty proclamation is spoken of. Enlistments still go on for the Mexican "emigration " scheme, although the business is being conducted less ostenta- tiously. From Mexico it was reported that a portion of the liberal army was in full retreat before the Imperialists. Gold was quoted 129¾. Exchange on London, 143½. THE ENGLISH BUDGET. Now that the great secret is out, all flavour is gone Irom the session, and no one careB how soon it comes to an end. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, if ho has not astonished, has certainly gratified and satisfied almost everybody. Grumblers, of course, thero are, ab there always will be, so long as rival poli- tical parties exist, and the " outs" are kept an undue length of timo from their official in- nings. The agitators for the repeal of the malt duty complain that they ara again passed by; but these people form a very Einall section of the nation, and enjoy but a limited amount of sympathy. Apart from this little knot of clamourers, nover before, perhaps, did a; budget receive so wide and oordiol an approval as that which Mr, Gladstono laid before the House of Commons on the 27th ult. ; or which The Times, foreshadowing the exposition of the Chancellor, disclosed to its readers on the morning of that day, to the Minister's sur- prise and chagrin. Thero had been treachery Eomewhere, MR. GLADSTONE'S SPEECH. The annual statement of the Chancellor was prefaced, as was fitting, with a survey of the financial history, not only of the past year, but of the pieseut Parliament. That retrospect is eminently satisfactory. Com- pared with the period anterior to the Russian war, the annual charges of the country have increased by twenty-two and a half millions ; yet Mr. Gladstone affirms that there never has been a period when the expenditure was more consonant with the feelings and wishes of the nation at large. Since 1859, taxes yielding nearly seven millions annually have been repealed, and within the same period the National Debt has been reduced by seven- teen millions, by the falling in of terminable annuities and other means, though it still exceeds 600 millions, and Mr. Gladstono thinks that we have not risen to a due sense of our obligations in this matter. Our trade with Franco has more than doubled within the same period, and our entire export trade has reached tho enormous value ot 487 millions yearly, while ten years ago it scarcely reached Beventy-five millions. Nor was this all. The Chancellor was able to show that the legisla- tion of recent years had not only increased the productiveness of the revenue, but also quickened the rate at which that growth ad- vances. So much for the past ; now for the future. THE SÜItI_,TJ8.-BEMISSION OP DUTIES, The expenditure for the year 1865-6 is estimated at £66,139,000, and the income at £70,170,000, thus leaving a surplus available for the relief of the taxpayers of over £4,000,000. How that magnificent Bum could be given away was the pleasant task of the national almoner. For a while he tantalized his impatient bearers by entering into a minute account of the relief ho intended to confur on spécial pleaders, conveyancers, letters of lodglnes, and other perBons, which after all did not in any way affect the surplus. They were changes rather for consistency and symmetry. The real question was whether a large portion of the surplus should be absorbed by a re- mission of the tea duty or the malt duty ; and, ob you already know by telegram, the former was adjudged to have the preference. The reasons assigned by Mr. Gladstone for his choleo were unanswerable. Abolish the malt tax and there is au end of indirect taxation ; for beer is certainly a more le- gitimate subject of taxation than tea and sugar, and it comes under the same category with wine and spirits. To lessen the price of beer by one farthing a quart, it would be necessary to reduce the malt-tax one half, and thus lose £3,360,000 of revenue in the year. Since forty millions a year are spont by Englishmen in beer, aud the consumption is increasing, it is plain that the reduction cannot be required for the sake of the trade or the consumer ; and, seeing that the prlco of barley is steadily improving, it cannot be absolutely necessary for the grower. While the tax on beer was but twenty per cent., and that on tea forty per cent., thero could not bs any doubt as to what a Chancellor of the Exchequer ought to do with bis surplus, if ho touched indirect taxation at all. The duty ou tea-at present Is. a pound-ia to be i educed by one-half. By this remission it is calculated that the price of the article to the consumer will be lowered twenty per cent., and tbat consumption will thus be powerfully stimulated. Allowing for a corresponding re- covery of duty, Mr. Gladstone estimates the loss to the revenue at £1,856,000 in the pre- sent year, with a further loss of £207,000 In 1866-7. The income-tax is then lightened by 2d. in the pound (leaving it at 4d.), at au ultimate sacrifice of £2,600,000 of revenue, of which, however, only £1,650,000 will fall on tho present year. Further, lowing to a resolution of the House, recently passed by an overwhelming majority, the Chan- cellor announced his intention to ro duce the duty on fire Insurance to a uniform rate of Is. Cd., from the 25th of June next ; and he will moreover replace the Is. stamp duty on the policies by one at Id. These three remissions-of tea duty, in- come-fax, and fire insurance- will eventually yield an annual relief to the consumer of £5,420,000; but only £3,778,000 will be real ised during the present financial year. At the end of 1865-6 there will, therefore, if those calculations do not turn out fallacious, bo a surplus of £253,000; but, on the other hand, £1,100,000 of further remission remain? to be met next year out of tho growing revenue of the country. The only cne of the above proposals which has created any difficulty is the reduction of the tea duty. This was to have como into operation on the 7th inttant. Taken com- pletely by surprise as they were, the greiit tea meichants applied for a drawback on the stocks in hand. Mr. Gladstone at first per- emptorily refused their request, but yielded at length to their Btrong and reasonable remonstrances, and postponed the day of reduction to the 1st of June. This was only just and right THE BAtANOE-SnEET. The annual account of the public income and expenditure has been issued. The In- come for the financial year ending March 31, 1SG5, consisted of £42,130,000 from Customs and Excise, £20,780,000 from stamps and taxes, £4,100,000 Post-office, £310,000 Orowu lands, and £2,993,436 miscellaneous (Includ- ing £872,750 received from India for British troops serving there) ; making a total gross income of £70,313,436. The expenditure comprised £26,309,398 for interest of the debt, £14,382,072 for the army, £10,898,253 for the navy, ¿9,160,140 for civil services, to which must be added £870,673 for the Post Office packet service, and £174,599 for the second moiety of the Scheldt toll redemption money ; £4,606,471 for co3t of collection of tho revenue (including the Post Office establishment) brings tho expenditure up to £66,462,206, leaving a surplus of £8,851,230. In addition to this expenditure, the Bum of £620,000 was laid out upon fortifications, the amount being raised by the sale of Government annuities terminable iu 1885. THE FRANCHISE DEBATE. If the present session of Parliament be me moiable for nothing else, it will long be re- membered for the quietus administered to tho troublesome question of electoral reform. That restleBB ghost, which for seven long yearB has so pertinaclonsly haunted the pur- lieus of Westminster, is laid at last. It had been the terror of faithless Liberals ever since their election, its dark shadow me- nacingly crossing their path whenever they, betraj ed signs of recreancy or Infidelity to their hustings' vows ; bnt, at length, on tho eve of a new appeal to the country, the more moderate aud thoughtful men of the Liberal party bave fotind courage to confront the threatening spectre, and release themselves fromitfspellB..Inotherword8,someofour.abIest political leaders, who had pledged themselves to an extension of the franchise, have solemnly recanted their former creed ,nnd withdrawn the promises made under other circumstances, The debate, which was the bust that has taken place on the subject for many years. was provoked by Mr.' Bafnes's "one-barrelled bill for reducing the franchise in English boroughs from £10 to £G. Mr. Daines stated that in England and Wales, with a population of 20,000,000, less than 900,000 had votes, and that 4,000,000 adult males, all workmen, were totally unrepresented. Ho read a formidable array of figures to Bhow that, education w« j extending, and a curious list of elections, to piove that large constituencies were very apt to elect members from the governing families. But, as was after- wards pointed out, his statistics proved too much. If the working classes are what he wishes us to believe, why limit tho fran- chise to the six-pounders ? Surely they do not possess a monopoly of intelligence and education. The course of argument adopted has but one issue—universal suffrage though the democratic Liberals have not the honesty to say so. It is a tentative process which these gentlemen aro attempting. They seek to secure by instalments what they know a nation wide-awake would not concedo all at once. But their tactics are now well under- stood, and there is a determination to with- stand the first inroad of mischief. The fact is, while there is a general desire to admit a fair proportion of working men to electoral privileges, as representatives of their class, there is an equally strong determination to prevent the swamping of all other classes by the influx of the labouring millions. Manhood enfranchisement, for which some theorists contend, moans practi- cally tho disfranchisement of all the educated and propertied classes—in truth, a demo- cratic deluge. Let those who enjoy the blessed- ness of a democratic Government felicitate themselves on their distinguished privilege and high advancement ; we do not grudge in gly envy them; but, with the examples which we see around us. we are disposed to let well alone. If the dreadful con- vulsions which have been witnessed of late years in almost every depart- ment of the labour trade may be accepted as significant of anything, they cor tainly do not indicate on the part of working men a fitness to be entrusted with any pre- ponderating share in the administration of the affairs of the British Empire. Their trade organisations, the narrowness and selfishness of their policy, the slavish subservience of thousands of men to a few tyrannical offi- cials ; and the facility and ease with which any mct d'order is conveyed and acted upon throughout all the principal ramifications of British industiy-these things have been watched and seriously noted by tho British public, and have materially contributed to cool the ardour once felt for the ex- tension of the franchise. Of course, in the estimation of ballot-men and universal suffrage- at-any-cost-men, tho members of the Government, who took office pledged to reform, are traitors to the people, and con- servative Liberals, who have frankly avowed their change of views, are apostates and everything else that is bad ; but, depend upon it, they are sustained and approved in the course they have taken by the bulk of conscientious and thoughtful men in the country. But, while war to the knife was made against the principle of Mr. Baines's bill, the entire subject of electoral reform Is by no means shelved. Indeed, those speakers who were mainly Instrumental in defeating that unsatisfactory measure have been among the foremost to urge upon Government the daty of initiating some scheme by which tho cream of the working classes may be admitted to their fair share in the selection of our legislators. It is not of the working man and his just in- fluence that the upper and midd lo classes aro afraid ; what they deprecate is the ugly rush of mere numbers against ranks numerically feebler, though richer in culture, experience, thoughtfulness. and wealth. Since the debate in the House of Commons, Lord Elcho, who opposed Mr. Balnea's bill by moving the pre- vious question, has given notice that he will move for a Royal Commission to inquiro how the Parliamentary franchise may be beneficially extended. As might ha expected, the notice excited some derision among tho advanced and whole-hog school of reformers, but such a method may rescue the question from its present battledore and shuttlecock con- dition, and lead to some solution. If anything is to bo done, the universal suffrage men must abate some of their pretensions, we must be protected against the domination of any one class. The papers teem with complicated schemes and fancy franchises, but none of them command geuorul approbation. Dr. Temple, of Rugby, writing to The Times, sug- gests a plan which would create two totally distinct constituencies throughout the king- dom, electing members for the same districts and at the same time. One would consist of the present electors, with greatly narrowed representation ; and the other would be made up of every man found on the rate-books, who would elect a second series of county members. At the same time, a National Reform Union, sitting at Manchester, under the presidency of the former chairman of the Anti-Oorn Law League, recommends the constituencies throughout the country to support no candi- dates for their suffrages who will not pledge themselves actively to support a comprehen sive measure of reform which, while it pro- vides for a large extension of the franchise, shall not recognise the principle of finality. The two great speeches of the debite wore delivered by Mr. Lowe aud Mr. Horsman, and will well repay perusal. Wbilo thoy were able vindications of the apparent Incon- sistency of Liberal members in regard to the reform question, they eloquently exposed the dangers into which we should drift by com mitiing the country to any piecemeal legisla- tion like that advocated by Mr. Baines and our Americanizing doctrinaires. BELLIGERENT RIGHTS OF THE CON- FEDERATE STATES. The impudent fussinesB of the Federal sym- pathizers iu this country is constantly display- ing itself, and the recent Union euccossbb have not increased their modesty. About ten days ago, Her Majesty's Ministers were questioned in both Houses with respect to tho further recognition of the belligerent rightB of the Southern States. The rebjllion wu8 crushed-why not hasten to give tho broken wretches the finishing kick? Lord Houghton and Mr. White were thd two Wash- ington spokesmen, who betrayed their ani- mus by tho tone of their remarks. Tlrey implied (as all these men persist iii doing), if they did not assort, that England had dono the Federal States a wrong, which she was bound to redress at the earliest opportunity; and the noble lord, at any rate, seemed tojthink that it became us to efface the recollection of our offence by tho promptness of our atonemeut. E'irl Russell very properly pointed out that this motion was altogether fallacious. As he ro marked, wo did not "concede" belligerent rights to tho South in the sense of conferring upon them a favour. The Federal States atbtrtedfor themselves belligerent rights by proclaiming the blockade of the Confede- rate ports. Unless wo were prepared to deny tboso belligerent rights to the North, and, as a certain consequence, go to war or, as tho only alternative, take sides with her in the conflict;-wo had no chotos but to recognize the obvious fact that a state of war existed, and to submit to the exercise by either party of the privilèges which such a state conferred upon them according to tiiu law of nations. It is equally clear, as both the Premier and the Foreign Secretary argued, that it would be prematuro to with- draw our recognition of belligerent rights ou the pait of the Confederates so long as tho Federals act in a manner fucon-istent with a state of peace. Until they raise the block- ade of the Southern ports, Mid renounce auy claim to etop and search vessels on the high seas, it 1b plain that they are in no position to assert that peace is restored. When they do that, according to Lord Palmerston, the quc-Blion Ib settled ; war has ceased, und '' thero will bo no acknowledgement of bslll gerents eitbor on the one Bide or the other." Earl Russell, however, moro cautiously says, that whenever President Johnson issues a counter-declaration, superseding the pro- clamation of the late President, tho law officers of the Crown will be consulted as to the coutso to bo taken. The initiative is clearly with the Washington Government. When they Bpeak it will be time" for our Ministry to act in tho matter. The last American mail has brought some such decla- ration from the new President, couched in rather mandatory and menacing phrase. What the action of our Government will be remuinB to bo seen. In tho meantime, billi tbe English and French authorities have issued Treasury orders to the Customs, re- laxing the stringency of tho regulations for the treatment of war vessels belonging to both American bolllgerents. PROPERTY AND POVERTY. A fierce struggle has raged daring the month in the House of Commons on tho question of Union rating. A system of eviction and cottage demolition has for years been going on throughout the country by many of the owners of landed estates, the object being to evade the chargeabfllty of the poor on their property. Labourers and mechanics aro driven into the towna and vil- lages mileB away from the scene of their work ; overcrowding and demoralization to a frightful extent have resulted, and an enor- mous amount of unnecessary toll entailed upon the poor working-men. The evils have been notorious for years, and are constantly on the increase. Mr. Villiers, accordingly, has brought in a bill to charge the cost of pauper maintenance on the Union instead of particular parishes. As this would defeat the selfish and cruel policy of the squirearchy, the measure has encountered every form of dogged opposition. Ono evening there was quite a row in the House, and members broke up in confusion. The scandalous proceed- ings, however, served to fix the attention of the public on the important struggle which was going on, and tbo clamorous foes of the measure were shamed into caution and moderation. An attempt to burke it, by referring it to a select committee, was de- feated by a largo majority, and tho bill wont into committee. It will probably be carried in the Commons : but whether it will be equally successful in the House of Peera is doubtful. The pertinacious Mr. Newdegate has once more brought forward his Church-rates Com- mutation Bill, which proposes to transform a payment which is now optional on parishioners Into a perpetual charge of 2d. In the pound on the owners of real property. Tho plan was rejected by a large majority, among whom were numerous Conservativos. Lord St. Leonard has called the attention of the Legislature to the aspect now presented by trade disputes between masters and men, and hos proposed the establishment of courts of conciliation. Mr. Cardwell has introduced his bill for granting pcnBiouB to retired colonial Go- vernors. The pensione commence at sixty, must have been earned by; at least eighteen years' service, and aro proportioned to salary. If the governor has had £¡5,000 a year, ho will get£1,000 a-yearl; if £2,000and upwards,£750; if £1,000 and upwards, £500 ; and if less than that amoont, £250. The principio of the measure has been adversely criticised by the press. Only a few men who can com- mand powerful friends throughout their long career will ever secure the pensions. THE EDMUNDS SOANDAL. Since last mail, the report of the Com- mittee of the House of Lords on this case has been published. Por tho Go- vernment it is a most damaging do- cument, as it discloses a state of laxity existing in some, at [least, of our public offices which appears almost incredible ; and although some tenderness has been shown towards the Lord Chancellor, it is obvious that the keepor of the Queen's conscience has been unable to preserve his own from grievous defilement. The rumour has been current during the month that the Chancellor was about to resign, his position being regarded as no longer tenable ; but for tho present he retains his seat, and, probably, in spite of all the denunciations and invectives of tho Tories, he will continue to retain it. The namo and house of Bethell, however, are under a hoavy cloud. Nepotism, in its worst form, has been exposed during theso investigations. It would seem as if the Bethells had of late been getting all tho best things. The head of the HouEe had a narrow escape of being formally condemned by his brother peers. He escaped as by the Bkin of his teeth. Lird Derby magnanimously condoned his offenco; and in publicly pardoning tho delinquent, drove back the yelping pack of Tory myrmi- dons who were thirsting for his blood. Throughout all the discussions and Inter- pellations in the two Houses, the Lord Chan- cellor has preserved total silence. In that respect, he was a Avise man ; and it is to be hoped that, taught by experience, ho will be a better man. The Lords' Committee, by whom the Edmunds pension had been granted, having been censured in the report, were obliged to attempt a vin- dication of their conduct in pension- ing a man who for thirty years had teen sybttmatically plundering the public. They disclaimed all official knowledge of tho offences in question, and, by implication, blamed the Lord Chancellor for keeping them In the dark. It was evident enough, however, that a genernl impression existed that Mr. Ed- munds had been guilty of Irregularities, into the particulars of which they did not deem it their province to enter. As a reparation (or the mischief already done, the grant of the pension of £800 was, on the motton of Lord Granville, revoked. Nobody can possibly pity Mr. Edmunds. Not only lins he been a public thief himself, for i ooo thirty j eari--. but ho has trained and tutored other subordinate officials totbeprac tice of similar villanies. Ho has been an ar- bitrary tyrant in the departments over which be presided ; indeed, it was during au inquiry into his insolent doaliugs with his subordinates that Iiíb defalcations were dis- covered. And as tho crowning act of effron- tery, ho has published a so-cullod diienco of his own conduct, which ia absolutely without parallel In criminal literature. Does Mr. Edmunds deny the charges of emfczzlemont and misappropriation oí public moneys? By no means. He admits it all, but sees no wiong-doing in it. Ile assumes an air of injured dignity, and with indignation repels all imputations upon his honour. He says he only did what all trustees do occa- sionally, transfer money from their trust to their private accounts ; and goes on to say, that having refunded whatever is duo from bim, os one of the natiou's trustees, all iu vcbtigation of the churg« s against him aro now totally irrelevant. Ho admits that ho ought, in obedience to nn Act of Parliament, to have paid money received by him into the consolidated fund, but considers himself an ill-used individual because he was not put under audit. If ho had been, he says, " ft is obvious no mischief or difficulty could have alisen ;" or, not to put too fiue a point upon it, he would have been uuable to indulge his pilfering propensities. It will be a Bbame aud a tcandal if such a scoundrel escape a public prosecution. But, whether so or not, the ex- posure will lead to thorough overhauling of all tho Government departments. THE ROAD MURDER. Sinco the despatch of the April mail, some advance has been made towards tho elucidation of this horrible, mystery. Constance Kent has passed an examination before the local magistrates, and has been committed for trial. Tho self-accused murderess will be tried in London, instead of Wiltshire, the venue being changed under the Palmer Act, on account of local prepossessions. There are rumours to the effect that some other persons are implicated, but nothing reliable has transpired.The evidence consisted mainly of the facts elicited on former occasions, but special prominence was given to two circum- stances previously involved in obscurity. Everybody conversant with the story of the tragedy will remember the ensauguined night-dress whiche mysteriously disap- peared. It was found by a local police sergeant and given to the superintendent (Mr. Foley), who suppressed it for some un- known cause, and as he is since dead, we probably never shall know. A Trowbridge cor- respondent states that during her interview with hor father, Constance Kent asserted that she had again obtaiuod possession of that witness to her guilt, and burned it in her bed room. And as to the instrument with which the deed was perpetrated, Miss Kent confessed to the "lady superior" that it was done with a razor secreted out of her father's dressing-case. This was never found, nor did we ever before hear of a razor having been missed. If it had been, the circumstance would have gone dreadfully agaiinst Mr. Kent. It would have fitted in with the old theory exactly. The crlme was committed, it is admitted, out of revenge on her stepmother, who had previously been a teacher in the family. This is, substantially, all that is known at present. Few persons can entertain any doubt as to the guilt of the unhappy girl, however incredible such a crime may appear. And yet some of our papers, which must needs be original, are perfectly frantic in their endeavours to vin- dicate her from the charge of murder. They will have it that, if she really did the fiendish deed, she must have been mad at the time ; but the favourite theory is, that, brooding upon the dark tragedy amid the seclusion and gloom of a conventual life, the wretched creature has become mad since, Unfortunately for such so desperate, an hypothesis, Constance Kent betrays none of the ordinary symptoms of madness. Though fully alive to the peril of her position, she is wonderfully calm and self-possessed. The Telegraph and Standard have been inundated with letters professing the deepest sympathy for her, disbelief in her guilt, and a positive abhorrence of Mr. Wagner and Miss Green for inducing her to confess. But such cases as this always bring a crop of fools into transient notice. The case, however, has brought prominently up a very serious question, which will undoubtedly, before It is settled, cause great excitement. When under examination e magistrates, the Rev. Mr. Wagner refused to answer the questions put to him, pleading the prlvilege of his sacred office. What bad been confided to him was uttered in the inviolable secrecy of the confessional, tho seal of which he was not permitted to break. The chairman solemnly reminded the Protestant priest that he had sworn before God to tell the whole truth ; but Mr. Wagner pleaded a "duty to God" higher than that which he owed to the laws of his country, and this plea at the time was tacitly sanctioned. The question, so vital for English- men, was not allowed to drop there. It has been debated by the press ; it has bean ventilated In Parliament, and urged on the attention of the Government ; and it is an absorbing topic of conversation throughout the land. At the trial it will be seen which is to succumb to the other-the civil or the ecclesiastical law. It will be a momentous moment for England. The people are not in a mood to tolerate the arrogant pretensions of priests, Romish or Anglican. If the Brighton father confessor is obstinate, he will probably sent to prison. Even the little information obtained from "the mother superior" had to be wormed out of her, she constantly asserting ing that she knew nothing and could tell nothing. The public are naturally suspicions of the spiritual machinery put in operation in these conventual retreats, and would like to know the whole story of Constance. Kent's confession. TRAGIC OCCURRENCES. Tho huiried report sent off last month of the ii86ns6Ínntiou of the secretary of the Rus- sian Embassy at Paris, turua out to have been partially incorrect. The gentleman bo savagely attacked was not the secretary, but some person acting for him in his absence, and there is some chance of his recovery, though dreadfully gaBhed about tho face and the throat. The assassin was unknown, and no motive was assigned for the deed ; but ns ho was Beized and secured, further parti- culars will probably transpire. Only a few days later than thiB horrible event, the public was shocked hy tho Intelli- gence of two suicides in one day of mon well known and highly esteemed, and one of whom, indeed, had won for himself a world-wide reputation. I refur to Vice Admiral Filzroy, tho eminent meteorologist, and to Mr. Pres- cott, the banker. By a singular coincidence, too, both destroyed themselves with a razor in thoir respeotive bathrooms. Both were victims to excessive brain-work; and from the symptoms for some time manifested, disastrous consequences had been appre- hended by their friends and physicians. Mr. Glaisher will probably succeed Admiral Fitz- roy as superintendent of the meteorological department of the Board of Trade. A fort- night later, the whole of North Lancashire was startled by tho discovery that Mr. Whelon, a gentleman of high position and influence at PreBton, had drowned himself. In this case the guilty act was committed in order to escapo tho shame, ignominy, and punish- ment which would have overtaken him through an inevitable disclosure of a career of fraud and forgery to au immense amount. During the month that pertinacious advo- cate of retrenchment, Mr. W. Williams, whose ambition it was to wear the mantle of Joseph Hume, has gono to his rest, to be vexed no more by parliamentary extravagances. Mr. Wm. D. Wills, a gentleman long and well known at Bristol, has met with a sudden and melancholy end. Ho was in London, attend- ing the conferences of the Congregational Union, and, on crossing Snow-hill, on his way to tho Metropolitan Railway, was kuookod down by an omnibus, the wheels of which passed over him. He was taken to St. Bar- tholomew's Hospital, where hu died. MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. Dublin has been en fete during tho month. An International Exhibition has bien opened in the Irish capital, and the Prince of Walos presided at the inaugural ceremonials. There was great joy and enthusiasm, the only inci- dent to mar tho occasion of the Royal visit being the attempt to got up a demonstration hostile to the Prlnco by a pack of Fenian fools. The Exhibition promisos to bo a real success. The building is described as truly magnificent-half Btone, half glass and iron : and the collections, particularly of art, rival thoao of the Exhibition of 1851. In connexion with this subject, I ought to mention that Mr. Darcy M'Geo, onca a wild Yt ung Irelandcr, who was obliged to expa traite himself, but who has learned widom hy the tlilDgs ho has seen and suffered, bus made a moBt extraordinary speech on the positions respectively of the Irish in America and in Cacada. Tho picture is immeasur- ably in favour of tho lattor, and he ought to know, Bince ho has tried and tested both countries. The speech is valuable for the graphic truth it contains. Mr. M'Geo has como over as commissioner from Canada to tho Dublin Exhibition. Messrs. Galt and Cartier aro at presont in this country, conferring with tho Govern- ment in reference to the details of the Con- federation schemo. I am told that enor- mous quantities of war material aro being quietly forwarded into Canada. It will not be long before tho storm comes hurtling down. On tho evening of the 17th. a farewell meeting of iron-workers and their families, who are taking their departure for Now Zea- land, was held at Shadwell. They intend to establish in Auckland tho "Briorloy-hill Special Settlement." They wero going out in the Bbip Andrew Jackson, to the number of 250\. The strike in North Staffordshire is practically at an end. The men have gone in on tho masters' terms. A rupture In the building tiade at Plymouth Is threatened. Archbishop Manning has been appointed EucccBEor to the lato Cardinal Wiseman, to the annoyance of tho old Catholio families. The music-halls, after a loug conflict, have at last beaten the theatres. It ia decided that a ballet is not a »togo play, and does not therefore require the licence of the Lord Chamberlain. WESTERN AUSTRALIA AND TRANS- PORTATION. Western Australia, it appears, is not dis- posed quietly to acquiesce in the decision of the Imperial Government on tho convict question, She is fatally hurt in " her career of prosperity," and claims compensation. This is a demand to which tho home Governmonfc cannot for a moment listen ; but as The Times suggests, as the deprivation uf labour has been inflicted in deference to the wishes and in- terests of Victoria and New South Wales, the demand ehoul be addressed to their Govern- ments. Perhaps tho Western Australians may take the hint. The last mall brought to the Colonial Office the most discrepant despatches from tho civil and military authorities in New Zealand, which bavo at once irritated and perplexed Mr. Cardwell. SirGootgo Grey and General Cunitron appear to bo pursuiug two totally diflercnt policies. With no avowed anta- gonism, they are practically directly at issue with each other. Every body here thought that our military and financial commitments to this miserable war were at an end, that the Weld Ministry took office with the under- standing that the colony waa henceforth to conduct the war in its own way and at its own cost, and that several regimen cb of British troops were to be sent home. Instead of this, General Cameron has applied for 2,003 more men, which he will not get. But both the Gepeial and the Governor will get a sharp reprimand, and tomo very stringent orders. PROBABLE WAR AT THE CAPE. _ We havo disquieting neus from the Capa of Good Hope. Tho Colonial Government Vinnts to locate the Kaffir chiefs on land marked out /or them, after the American fashion-arfnrrangeraent to which the chiefs decidedly object. Plots are talked about; those formidable old foes of British rule, Sandilli and Kreli, are in communication ; and thes settlers are alarmed and' anxlouB. There have been serious commercial dlfficul ths at Port Elizabeth and at'Natal! CONTINENTAL NEWS. The chief item of European news is the visit of the Emperor Napoleon to Algeria, where he has been doing'hia beBt to ingratiate liirnstlf with the Arab population. " Enthu- siastic receptions" everywhere await him. In a singular proclamation issued to the desort tribes, he appeals to their fatalistic views, and quotes the Koran in support of French sovereignty. It ia the decree of Providence, he says, and should not ' be resisted. But while the Emperor is absent, there is great uneasiness in Paris. The Em- press-Regent and the State Councillors are nervous while the master is away. Prince Napoleon haB been making a speech of the usual indiscretion at Ajaccio, in glorification of the great founder of the family, which the officiais are puzzled to know how to deal with. M. de Persigny, too, having just re- turned from Rome, bas published a pamphlet, containing eome very decided views on Italian unity, the reactionary conspiracy at the Vati- can, and the necessity of reforming the Papal Government so as to render its con- tinuance in some shape or other not abso- lutely irreconcileable with surrounding civilization. Some of the recommen- dations of this " candid friend " of the Emperor are very embarrassing to the Government. Then there ia the threatening news as to American filibustering designs upon Mexico, which urgently demand decided action of some kind. The Imperial Ministers are divided in their counsels as to the policy to be pursued. Some throaten to resign if the French troops aro not at once withdrawn, while one account states that 80,000 men are ordered to be in readiness to gall when ordered. The seat of the Italian Government hat been quietly removed from Turin to Florence, and the new capital has since been the scene of almost unparalleled festivities, partaking of a triple character, political, poetical, and popular, in commemoration of the birth of the great national poet, Dante, 600 years ago. Tho negotiations between the Pope and Victor Emmanuel appear to be sus- pended for the present, but it is thought that a compromise will ultimately he effected. The non possumus party got alarmed, and frightened his Holiness. Count Revel has arrived at Rome to carry on the work com- menced by Signor Vegezzi. The King of the Belgians has been dan- gerously ill, and was not expected to recover ; but the latest accounts are more favourable. The Czar has declared his second son, Alex- ander, heir to the Russian throne. It is stated that the late Czarewitch requested tho second one to carry out his engagements with the Princess Dagmar. THE DUCHIES AND GERMANY. The diplomatic tangle in which the fate of the Duchies of Schleswig and Holstein is in- volved becomes more and more complicated. M. von Bismarck would fain have cuÇthe knot by taking possession of the harbour of Kiel. Having been compelled to abandon this trenchant mode of settling the question, he has fallen back upon his former system of interposing all kinds of delays and difficulties in the way of a final settlement. The D achíes in the meantime remain practically under the control of Prussia ; and it is, at least, not impossible that the population may atlast in sheer weariness abandon their desire for tho formation of an independent prin- cipality, and throw themselves unresorvedly into tho nrnis of the North German powor. If, indeed, Prussia would consent to give Austria a guarantee for the secaro possession of her non-German provinces, the latter power would probably be found as compliant as could be desired. The Cabinet of Vienna care little or nothing either for the rights of tho people of the Duchies, or for the rights of the Duke of Augustenburg. AU that they desire is to turn their hold upon the Duchies to the best account. Prussia Is.how ever, far too cautious to commit hersolf to the maintenance of Austrian rule in Venetia; and therefore tho project, of which this was an essential portion, bas fallen to the ground. Another, whioh turned upon the cession of the Hoheuzollern Principalities, and of part of Silesia to Austria in return for her conni- vance at the annexation of Schleswig and Holstein by Prussia, was talked of for a short time, but wbb never seriously entertained. At present the favourite idea seems to be that of convoning the Estates of the Duchies, and cajoling or coercing them into some arrangement which may be satis- factory to tho two powers who have been good enough to rescue them from the tyranny of the King of Denmark. But we do not see how any settlement can bo arrived at in thiB woy so long as the two powers in aucstion aro hopelessly at variance. If, in eed, they would consont to refer the matter to tho decision of these repre- sentative bodies, there would be something definite and hopeful in thiB plan. But it is. on tho contrary, expressly stipulated that neither Austria nor Prussia shall bo bound by their voto ; and that they shall not bo allowed to entertain any question which is not jointly submitted to thom by the two protecting powors. It is clear that, under such restrictions, the reference to tho EstateB is a mere farce. It is in no sense a bonâfidt con- sultation of public opinion. It simply means that each power thinks it can gain some advantago over its rival by intriguing with the deputies. The scene of diplomatic com- bat may be changed from Berlin and Vienna to Kiel, but the character of the conflict will not be altered. There will still be the same difficulty ns heretofore in conciliating the selfish intoicstsof tho two " Saviours of Ger- many;" and until that difficulty Is sur- mounted no progress can be made towards the solution of this long-ponding and most tedious question. THE PRUSSIAN CHAMBERS AND THE KING. The Prussian Chambers have once more re- jected the bill for legalizing the army whioh the King and his advisers have maintained for some years in defiance of the constitu- tional control of the Parliament. The debate which took placo on this occasion seems to havo been more than usually per- sonal and acrimonious lu tone. So far as words go, the Opposition aro not unfaithful to their duties ; and if thoy do not or cannot effect much, they are at least not behind- hand in giving the Monarch and the Ministry " a bit of thoir mind." But M. Von Bismarck is not likely to be mateiially influenced by tho niOBt puugent declamation. He can aflord to be tola that the military officers are but auotber kind of Royal lackeys ; that re- cent j udlcial appointments havo been designed to BubBtitute party opinions for the terror of tho law ; and that his proceedings in reference to the army are a glaring fraud, a piece of swindling and roguery, and that they boar on the face of them tho mark of Cain, and the brand of dishonour. If ever thero waa a man whoso experience must havo convinced him of the truth of the saying that " hard words break no bones," it is the Prussian Premior. The lesson has evidently not boen lost either upon him or his colleagues. Ia former sessions they have at least professed a desire to como to an agreement with the Chambers. Their language has been as conciliatory as was con- sistent with a firm determination to make no concessions of importance. But in the pre- sent session they have thrown off all disguiso. They havo made no secret of their intention to maintain their illegal and unconstitutional position at all hazards, and have frankly challenged tho Chambers to do their worst. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COM- MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (FnOpi OUB LONDON COttttESPONDENT.) LONDON, Mat 20. The moderate fluctuations in the condition of the money market sinco the last Austra- lian mail aro expressed in the action of the directors of the Bank of England. In that interval thcro has beon both an advance and a reduction. The advance, from four to four and a half per cent., which took place on tho dth inst, occasioned some little surprise, but subsequent observation justified the wisdom of the change. Owing to the prospects of greater commercial activity, a demand for money had sprang up which was telling powerfully'upon'¿he bank reserve. Some withdrawals of, gold for the Continent had1 .also taken place, but they had been fully "counterbalanced by the arrivals frota Australia in something like their old proportions. At the enhanced rate there was for some time a moderate de- mand both at the Bank and in the open market, but dnring the present week com- mercial bills have become very scarce. The fact is, there is a very uneasy and distrustful feeling abroad, cauBed in part by the hostile attitude of America towards the Mexican empire, whioh bas never been recogniBed at Washington, and therumonrcd advance of a loan of twenty-five million dollars to Juarez; and aggravated by the numerous heavy failures recently reported, as well as others regarded as inevitable. Ia consequence of this want of confidence, discounts had bogun to diminish and capital to accumulate to such an extent that the bank directors found it necessary yesterday to retrace their steps, and reduce the minimum to four per cent. The Lombard-street houses have followed the ex- ample of the national establishment. The market will probably remain in a state of I extreme sensitiveness for several weeks to come. The funds have boen seriously prejudiced by the provalvnce of unfavourable political rumours. Consols, whioh. a month ago had mounted to 90& to 91}, have been forced down to 885, but bave since partially re- covered. American securities have, of course, wonderfully improved, though the indica- tions afforded of President Johnson's " triusic policy" bave caused quotations again to recede. The Confederate Cotton Loan is nowhere, and its so-called " victims" are held up to unpitying scorn by the Anglo Federal organs. The last return of the Bank of Prance shows a continued increase In the bullion, the stock of which now amounts to £19,041,092. It is not satisfactory, however, to observe that the discounts have fallen to £20,178,123, being £760000 less than the previous week. The circulation is £32,319,709. The steadi- ness of tho Paris Bourse materially contri- butes to the support of our foreign stock narkets, The trade reports are generally good. If there be lees activity in the linen industries, cotton manufactures are decidedly improv- ing. Moro mills are being set to work, and involuntary idleness is now bo much reduced that the relief committees have dissolved. 1 he growing crops are full of promise. We have lately bad abundance of showers, fol- lowed by genial sunshine, so that tho pro- spects ot a favourable harvest are of the best character. Australian securities have not much changed since lost mail. The Union Bank of AuEtialia haB succeeded in placing £300,000 of Queensland Six per Cent, Debentures at 103}. The Bank of New Zealand, after hawking tbeir Eight per Cent. Government Exchequer Bonds on our market, has suc- ceeded in placing the balance of the £100,000 loan with the Bank of South Australia at par. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Shares, since the arrival of the last mail, have gone off at 65 to G6¿. Below are the latest quotations of Austra- lian securities and shares : Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock 8tock Stock Stock le fiO 100 Stock Stock Names of Companios, &c.; aOVERNMKNT STOCKS.* Victoria Government, 6 por cent. (Jan. and July) Do., do. (Apill and Oct.) .. Now South Wales, 6 per cont., I860 to 1870 (Jan. and July) Do., do., 1871 to 1870 (do.).. Do., do, 18S8 to 1802(d).) .. South Australian, 0 per cent. (Jan. and July) Molbounic Corporation, 6 per cent. (May and Nov.) doolong Corporation, 0 per cont. (May and Nov.) Now Zealand, 6 por cent. Quoenslund, o per cent. (Jan. andJulj)., Now Zealand Exchequer Bonds, duo in January, 1807 ; Juno, 1807 ! and Dccombor, 1807, bearing 8 per cent, interest.. Latest Prlcos. 10Í 108J 100 10 28J Now Zealand B per cent. De- bentures COMPANIES' BONDS. Gcolong and Melbourne Bail way, 1867 (Govommotit) . Molbounio and Hobson's Bay Ballway, 7 per cent. Bonds (1878).. BANKS. NovvS. AVales,. Australasia ,. . Union or Australia . South Australia London Chartered of Aus- tralia . English, Scottish, and Aus- tralian Cbartorcd Oriontal . New Zealand .. Victoria. Queensland. MIKES. Yudanamutu» of South Aus- tralia . Port Phillip Mining Company Scottish Australian Mining .. Kapunda, S. A. Worthing Coppor, S.A. Yorke Peninsula ., ., HI8CBI.1ANK0DB. Molbounio and Hobson's Bay Railway . Peel Biv cr Land and Mineral. Scottish Australian Invest- ment . Australian Agricultural South Australian Land North British Australasian Land. Van Diomon's LaiidAgnoul-1 tural . Trust and Agency of AubItrI asia. Now Zealand Trust and Loan English and Australian Cop- per Company Otago and Southland Invest- ment .. ,, ,. par to 1 per cont. prom. 08 EU 30 231 10 SI 17 43 20 I dis. dig. i dis. 051-001 120 18-20 29-31 21 x,d. 1-1 pr. Tho quotations include tho accrued interest on debentures. NEAV LOANS AND COMMEKCIAL TBOJECTS, The Crown agents for the colonies have invited tenders for a small loan of £30,000, for the Government of Antigua, on six per cent, debentures, having twenty years to rnn. The money is required to construct works for supplying the principal town of the island with pure water. On tho dny appointed for opening the tenders it was found that £27,000 bad been applied for, at prices ranging from 100 to 103 MO. The reserve price was 100. The residuo was allotted a few days subse- quently. The Crown agents for the colonies have also invited tenders on the 6th of June next for £29,000 Six per Cent. Debentures of the Cape of Qood Hope, authorised for the im- provement of the harbour of Algoa Bay. On the 2nd inst. tenders for the balance (£127,500) of the Queensland Government Six per Cent, debentures, offerod last month, were opened at the Union Bank of Australia, when it was announced that the whole amount had been subscribed for at prices ranging from £10211s. to £103 11s. pot cent., or above the official minimum. A fresh allotment of six per cent. Guaran- teed Preference Stock of the Scottish Aus- tralian Investment Company has been made, tho letters having been Issued on the 0th. The amount cieated is £179,220. Tidings lately arrived from India that Sir O. Trevelyan had recommended the raising of a loan of £1,200,000 In England, to be mainly applied to military and irrigation, works. The proposol, with the ex-Minister's other financial indiscretions, have excited Btrong dissatisfaction hero, ana will probably bo disallowed by Sir C. Wood and the India Council. The amount of the New Italian Loan is £17,000,000, at 00. The sum of six millions is contracted for by tho Rothschilds, and the remainder is to ho subscribed in Italy. The Imperial Ottoman five per cent. Loan has been introduced by tbo General Credit Company. It is for £3,036,303 sterling, with interest payable half- yearly in London, Paris, Frankfort, Amsterdam, and Constantinople ; and it Is redeemable in thirty-seven years by a one per cent, sinking fund, to be applied in pnrchase. The prlco of issue is £50, reduced by certain privileges to £47 10s. The bonds are for £100, £50, and £10. The object is to consolidate the existing Ottoman debts ; bat the scheme of conversion is but obscurely un- derstood at present. It is described as "op- tional ;" but there is a provision by which thoso who do not consent within three months will only be allowed to do so for six weeks longer, at a reduction of 10 per cent., and that after this latter term no application for conversion will be admitted. It appears that the total sum to he paid to the Italian Government for the pnrchase of the Stato railways is £8,820,000, in foaryear», and that the Government ganranteo the trafilo receipts at £1,120,000 per annum. Bonds to »the amount of £4,000,000, of £10 each, ara to be immediottly issued, the existing share holders being allowed a preference during the fir6t four of the eight days during whioh the. lists are to be open. The joint-stock enterprises of the month appear to bo as numerous as ever. The fer- tility of resource in the concoctors, and the absorbing capacity on the part of the public, are practically inexhaustible. The London and Mediterranean Bank, capital £2,000,000, is formed to effect the union of tbe Continental Bank with that of MeEsrs. Landau and Co., for facilitatlngthe commercial and monetary transactions between this country, the continent, and Egypt. The Ottoman Company, capital £600,000, undertakes to act as commission merchants and financial agents in the trade with Turkey. A business of Bixty years' standing has been secured at Smyrna, as a commencement. The whole will be under the management of Mr. Lewis Farley. The Pljmouth Shipbuilding, Dock, and Ironworks Ccmpany, capital £250,000, is formed for the purpose of purchasing a free- hold property of valuo, called Queen Anne's Yard, ot Plymouth, and the iron shipbuilding and repairing there carried on. The Lion Brewery Company is prepared to purchase and extend the well-known business of Goding, Jenkins, and Co., capital £400,000. Mr. Jenkins, the sole surviving partner, re- mains as director. The Great Northern Brewery Company, with a capital of £60,000, propose to purchase and carry on the business of Messrs. Harris and Emanuel, at Hol- loway. The Estates Investment Company, with a fund of £250,000, in tond to possess themselves of lands in the neighbourhood of London, Euitable for villas, and to grant loans to lessees and builders. The National Bank is authorised to issue 66,800 Bharcs of the Peruvian Railways Com- pany (Limited) of £25 each, representing a firbt issue of capital oggregatiug £1,670,000. The Peruvian Government have granted a concession, in the shape- of a guarantee of seven per cent, per annum on the whole capital-viz., £3,340,000-and a redemption fund is also to be formed from the capital raised, by means of which shares will be peri- odically drawn after the expiration of twenty years, and paid off at a stipulated premium of 100 per cent. The International Contract Company (Limited) havo entered into a con- tract tor the construction of the worke, con- sisting of two liners-the one to connect the poitof Pisco with the town of Yea, the other to connect Arequipa with the port of Mi jin, in all 130 milts in length ; and, during their construction, they have guaranteed to pay the shareholders seven per cent, per an- num on the cap'tal as it is paid np. Tho Petroleum Company of Western Vir- ginia, with a proposed capital of £200,000, hope to share in the fabulous profits which the Americans are said to be making by means of petroleum speculations. They have provisionally purchased somo districts of re- puted oil land in Virginia, bat doubts have been publicly expressed whether the scheme will not turn out a Yankee swindle. The Hampton hill Estate Company, with a capital of £250,000, intends to lease fifty seven acres of land at Hampton, Middlesex, for ninety-nine years, and divide it into plots of about a quarter of an acre each, for the erection of 107 detached and 177 semi detached residenceB. A prospectus, too, baa boen issued of tho Weet London Freehold Ground-rent Association, capital £200,000, for the purchase of freehold land in the western district of London, ond the creation of ground-rents by letting it off in small portions. The Baliu gate Silk-yarn Works have been introduced by the Alliance Financial Com- pany, The mills to be taken and worked are near Normanton, in Yorkshire. About £20,000 are required Prospectuses havo been issued of the British Minicg and Smelting Company, capital £300,000, to acquire and work certain mining setts in Devon and Cornwall ; and of the Llatrwst Slate Slab Quarry Company, capital £75,000. The extensive business of Messrs. Moore, M'Queen arid Co., the well-known print, chromo, and lithographic printers, has been formed into a limited liability company, with a capital of £150,000, in 15,000 Bhares of £10 each. Tho Railway Credit Company, with a pro- posed capital of £2,000,000, has issued itspros Ecet us. AmongBt tho objects contemplated y the company are-to contract for the con- struction of railways or other public works ; to make advances to contractors on approved securities ; to negotiate concessions and supply capital : and to act as financial agents gene îolly. The Adelaide Marino and Fire Assurance Company, whose head office is at Adelaide, South Australia, have established an agency in London. Losses ate payablo either in London or Australia, at the option of the assured. Tho capital of this undertaking is stated at £255,000. It would appoar that marine risks between the United Kingdom end the Australian and New Zealand ports only are to bo token. A prospectus has been issued of the Mari- time and General Improvement Company, with a capital of £100,000 in shares of £5, " for the purpose of purchasing and bringing into extensive use maritime and general im- provements of all kinds." Agreements have been made for the patented preserving and anti- fouling inventions of Mr. Rowett ant Mr. Hay, A new compony, called the Yorkshire Engine Company (Limited), with a capital of £200,000, has been formed, and tho capital subscribed' privately through Messrs. Chad- wick, Adamson and Co. Subicrlptions havo been invited for certifi- cates for £1,212,000 of tho A stock of the Metropolitan Extension Railway of the Lon- don, Chatham, and Dover Company. This is one-half of the total authorised to be issued. The London Steam Collier and Coal Com- pany (Limited) íb announced, with a pro- posed capital ol £300,000, in 30,000 shares of £10 each, of which one- half aro to be now issued. The object is to Bupply coal to Lon- don and elsewhere by the employment of iron Ecrow colliers, which, it is proposed, shall make each five voyages per month be tween London and the north. It is proposed to increase the capital of the Noithern A6eam Tea Company to £400,000, by the i6Bue of 25,000 B shares of £10 euch. The object is to purchase of the Assam Com- pany, which IntendB to concentrate and con finoilB operations to the southern division of Uppei Apsam, its pioperty situate in the northern and eastern part of the country. DIVIDEND MEETINGS, The meeting of the Otago and Southland Investment Company took place on the 11th inst,, when a dividend was declared for the firs! half-year at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum ; £197 waa carried to account. The report of the Trust and Agenoy Com- pany of Australasia, presented on tho 8th inst, stated the available balance for the year ended the 31st of December to be £18,793, nnd, after appropriating £10,000 to reserve fond, recommended a dividend and bonus together, inclusive of tho interim dividend paid In November, equal to 20 per cent, per annum, 1 he report was adopted, A general meeting of the Bank of Queens- land was held on tho 17th inst. The report, which was adopted, stated the available halanco to be £6,999, and proposed a dividend of 12s. per share, making, with a previous dividend of 14s, a total distribution for the year of about 6J per cent. The sum of £500 is to be added to reserve, £509 is to bo written off preliminary expenses, and £865 will re- main to be carried forward. The bank has opened branches at placeB called Dalby, Rock- hampton, and Toowamba; and the importa and exports of tho colony for the past year showed an Increase of between 30 and 40 per cent, over those of 1863. At a special meeting of the Yudanamutana Copper Mining Company of South AuBtralia, on tho 18th, it is agreed to alter the existing regulations of the undertaking, with a view of increasing the number of directors, The report of the London Chartered Bank of Australia, to bo presented at the thirteenth ordinary general meeting, on the 2nd proximo, statte that it is gratifying to the court to bo able to announce that the general results of the past year's operations have been success- ful. From the accounts it appears that the divisible profits are somewhat ia excess of last year, a fact which the proprietors will leam with satisfaction, viewing the depressed Btoto of trade which has existed in the Aus- tralian colonies, as well as the severe competi- tion this bank has had to contend with. The latest advices from the colonies extend to the 25th March last, and speak in favourable terms of the position and prospects of the bank. The inspector, Mr. Bramwell, arrived in Mel- bourne and resumed the management of the bank's affairs in February last. The accounts for tho past year are made up, as customary, to the 31st December last. After the usual deductions, and also after making allowance for bad and doubtful debts, there remains to the credit of profit and loss the Bum of £53,438. out of which the directors recommend that a dividend be declared for tho half-year of four per cent., free of income tax, £40,000 ; and they further recommend that a sum of £6,000 bo placed to the reserve fund, which will then amount to £90,000, making £45,000, leaving to he carried to next account a I alance of £8,436, MERCANTILE BMBARBASSJtENTS. Early in the month Messrs. James Marshall and Sons, spinners and shippers, of Stock- port; suspended payment. The total liabili- ties, at first greatly magnified, are £284 597. A composition of 12s. Cd. in the pound has been accepted, the payment extended over six months, the business, meanwhile, to bo carried on under inBpeotion. | The difficulties of Messrs. Marshall have precipitated the failure of other houses ; namely, Messrs. De Mattos and Godefroi, merchants and exchange dealers, of London, and Meeers. Woolheim and Co., of Alexan- dria. The assets of the latter's firm bave been placed in the bands of the Austrian Consul, The prospects of liquidation are uncertain. Ibe suspension has been announced of Messrs. Hankey Brothois and Co., merchants, of Liverpool. The house was engaged in trade with ludia and Egypt, and entered exten siAely into cotton operations. The liabilities are estimated at £250,000, but a favourable liquidation is anticipated. This failure has brought down another cotton broker for £17,000. Advices from India announce the suspen- sion of the old-establiebed and wealthy Farsee firm of Mr. H. B. Cama, at Bombay, with branches in London and Liverpool ; liobili tiis, £8,000,000. Several small failures on the Stock Exchange have occurred. A large failure is stated to have taken place in the Dutch colony of Batavia, the loss from which will principally fall in Amsterdam. At a meeting of tho creditors of MeBsrs. Charles Joyce and Co,, who failed on the 8th of April last, with liabilities for £1,840,000, a very discouraging statement was submitted. The ectate is to be wound up under inspec- tion. While the unsecured debts amount to £312,029, the nominal assets figure for hut little more than a third of that sum, and the realisation of much of tboBe is doubtful. Meters. Dovey, Benjamin and Co., who sus- pended in the Brazilian trade on the 7th of Novcruber last, in consequence of tho failures at Kio do Janiero, have announced the pay- ment in full of their liabilities and their resumption of business. Tho recent tidings from South Africa are very disastrous. Numerous failures have oc- curred through the depreciation of prices in the wool market. The Cape Argus, of April 15th, Bays:-"In our Inst, we reported the stoppage of M. LT. Benjamin and Co.. at Port Elizabeth, with liabilities estimated at £80,000. Since then other heavy failures have taken place, and it 1b difficult to say Avhere these monetary difficulties will end. Up to the present the folloAving are the announced failures and suspensions in Fort Elizabeth, with their estimated liabilities : M. H. Benjamin and Co., £80,000; L.Benja- min, £10,000 ; Wallach and Solomon, £27,000 ; E, H. Solomon, £4,000 ; Wright, £5,000 : Black and Co., £40.000; A. Crawford, £40,000; Per- kins and Ogilvie, £90,000; W. Cowie, Alex- andria, £10,000. Total, £300,000. There are rumours of further failures, bnt the local banks have agreed to assist, as far as possible, by extension of time, some of the howes that are embarrassed, and hopes aro entertained that further mischief may be stopped." The failure of Messrs. Symington, Cart- wright, and Co. was reported yesterday. Tbey were the London agents of Messrs. Leckio and Co., of Bombay. Thoir liabili- ties are placed at about £250,000, but the assets are (aid to show a surplus of at least £70,000. Wo karn, at the same time, of tho suspen- sion of Messrs. Dlrom, Davidson and Co., of Liverpool, connected with the East India trade. The liabilities are stated at £300.000 ; assets not encouraging. Mr. William Duthie, connected with the Capo trade, is seeking the forbearance of his creditors. Messrs. C. F. Picard and Co, wine and cork merchants and commission agents, have been brought to a stand by the failure of a Bristol firm. The house is principally in the Dutch trade. TllAHE RETURNS. The Board of Trade returns for the month of March Bhow that our commercial opera- tions during that period muet have been moro active than has generally been sup- posed, tho total value of our exportations having been £13,770,154, which is l| per cent, in excess of the corresponding monto of last year, and nearly 35 per cent, in excess of March, 1863. The increase is mainly caused by cotton goods, the shipments of which have been above those of the same month last year to the extent of 26 per cent. In quantity, and 12 per cent, in value. Of cotton yarn, on the othei'band, the shipments have been 4 per cent, less in quantity, and 15 per cent. lesB in vaina Our exportations of machinery bavo been large, but tho3e of iron show a falling off of 13 per cent. In the value of woollen goods shipped there is a falling oil of G per cent, in haberdashery 4 per cont., in silk goods 21 per cent., and in linen yams 23 per cent., and linen goods 4 per cont. Hard- ware figures for an increase of l8 per cent. For the quarter ended the 31st of March our exports have been £35,G35,707, showing a de- crease of 8 per cent, from the corresponding quaiter of 1864, and an increase of 29 per cent, over that of 1863, COLONIAL WOOL SALES. The public sales of colonial wool are now in progress. They commenced on the 11th Inst., Avith a full average attendance both of home and foreign buyers. The arrivals up to the opening were unusually large, viz. : 168.724 balee, comprising-22,092 bales from Sjduey; 78,879, Vicforio; 26,341, Adelaide ; 4,458, Tasmania; 13,619, NeAV Zealand ; 2,429, ¡Swan Rivtr; and 20,906 bales from the Cape of Good Hope. As compared with the close of last saler, Poit Phillip wool at the opening Bhowcd a decline of Id. to'ljd, ; greasy, Ade- laide, Ad. to Id. ; New Zealand, Id. ; and greasy, Cape, ^d. to Id. per lb. Cape üeeces and Sydney wools fairly supported previous quotations. To the present date tho attend- ance baB been very satisfactory, and the open- ing rates in most instances well sustained. The next series of public sales are expected to commence about the 17th of August. TELEOBAPHIO EXTENSION, It is announced that Government has de- termined not only to double the line of tele- graph between Bombay and Kurracbee, but to construct what may be called an auxiliary or alternative land line to the Persian Gulf cableas far as the head of the gulf. The land line beyond Kurrachee now ends at Owadur, on the coast of Beloochlstan ; it will bo continued thence to Jask, Bunder Abbas, Busbire, and Mobammera. With this line completed there will be telegraphic communi- cation overland tho whole way from England to India with the exception of the short cable between Dover and Calais, and that be- tween Constontinople and Scutari. The survey of the route from Bushire to Jask was made in the course of laBt year by Colonel Lewis Pelly, the British resident at Bushire, and articles of agreement between the Eng- lish and Persian Governments bave been drawn up, and will ba forthwith submitted to the Secretary of State. ENGLISH SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVALS. Windward, at Gravesend May 12, from Hobart Town. Mediator, at GravoBond May 4, from Port Phillip. Trinculo. at Gravesend May 4, from Adelaide Colonial Emplro, at Gravesend May i, from Mel- bourne. City of Adelaide, at Gravesend May i, from Ade Iaido. Ida Zeigler, at Gravesend May 4, from New Zealand. May Queen, at Gravesend May i, from Now Zea- land. Montmorency, at Gravesend May i, from Sydney. Marquis of Argyle, at Gravesend May i, from Ade Iaido. Water Lily, at Gravcsond May 4, from Adelaide. London, at Gravesend April 27, from Melbourne. Amazone, at Gravesoud April 28, from Now Zea- land. Glendower, at Gravesend May 4, from Melbourne. Water Nymph, at Gravesend May 2, from Mel- bourne Yorkshire, at Deal May 2, from Melbourne. Roxburgh Castle, at Gravesend April SO, from Sydney. Pride of tho Ocean, at Falmouth April 29, from Melbourne. Champion of tho Seas, nt Seal May 2, from Mel- bourne. Duncan Dunbar, at Gravcsond May 23, from Bjdnoy. Miranda, at Deal May 23, from Auckland. True Briton, at Plymouth May 21, from Port Phillip. Great Britain, at Liverpool May 20, from Mel- bourne. DEPARTURES. Andrew Jackson, from Gravesend May l8, for Now Zealand. Activo, from Liverpool May 17, for Molbourno.l Channel Queen, from London May 7, for Adelaide. Dlllgentia, from Gravesend May 16, for Sydney. Cornwallis, from Gravesend May 20, for Adelaida. Eliza Ruto, from Liverpool April 20, for Melbourne. Josephine, from Gravcsond May 20, for Adelaide. Kedar, from Gravesend May 12, for Otago. Lolchardt, from Gravesend April 27, for Now Zea- land, Lightning, from Gravesend May 12, for Melbourne Malakoff, from Deal May 11, for Port Phillip. Melmcrby, from Liverpool May l8, for Queensland. Palawan, from London 20th April, for Sydney. Racehorse, from Graverend 7th May, for Swan River. Sir John Lawrence, from Gravesend 1st May, f*r Sydney. Tornado, from Liverpool 25th April, for Mel- bourne. Venue, from Gravesend 7th May, for Melbourne. Wooloomoolo, from Gravcsond 10th May, for Syd- ney. - ', . Young England, from Gravesend 23rd May, for Moreton Bay. »? Young Australia, from Gravesend 21st May, for Moroton Bay. VESSELS LOADING. At London, For Port Phillip.-Excellent, Kosciusko, Lady Epidia, Golden Dom, J. L. Dtmmock, London, York- shire, Vt'avo of Life, Glendower, Asiatic, Roxburgh Cattle, Pride of tho Ocean. For Sjdnoy.-Westminster, Margarot Mitchell, Rojal Oak, Botanist, Cumberland, Persia, La Hoguo, Damascus, Colonial Empire, Philosopher, Marquis of Arg j le, Sea Star, Duncan Dunbar. For Adelaide.-Electric, Sea Star, The Goolwa, Clodian, Cornwallis, tho Murray, City of Adolaldo, Pekina, Pembrokeshire. For Auckland.-King of Italy, Sunboam, Ida I Zeigler, Siam. For Canterbury.-Tudor, Bluo Jacket. For Otago.-Mary Scott, England, Star of Tasmania, Echunga. For Launceston.-Auld Reekie, Westbury, Du- norlan. For Nelson.-British Merchant. For Wellington.- Astoropo. For Hobart Town.-Wagoora, Alf red Hawley, Wind- ward. For Moroton Bay.-Balmacarra, Youno; Australia, Young England, Venilla, Qucon of tho Colonies. Tor Port Denison.-Montmorency. For Rockhampton.-Emproas of the Seas. For Swan RJv er.-Strathmore, Zephyr, Daylight. At LiVRRrooi,. For Melbourne and Geelong.-Marco Polo, Strand, Vi hilo Star. For Sjdncy.-Wildford, Merrie Monarch. Tor Adelaide.-Christina. For Queensland.-Samarang. At Glasgow. For Melbourne.-Lanarkthire. For Adelaide.-Cherokee. For Port Chalmers.-Timaru, Polor Denny. At Lmtii. For Melbourne.-Black Prlneo. VESSELS SPOKEN WITH. Annio Liso, from Liverpool, for Now Zoaland, March 14,17 8., 28 W. Florence Nightingale, for Mclboumo, March 14, ort Madeira. Wave of Lifo, from Molbourno, for London, Feb- ruary 11, C5 S., 104 W. Trebolgan, from Liverpool, ¡for Sydney, March 27, i N., 25 W. English ship, No, 8,150, for Otago, March 11,17 S., 3W. Empress, from London, for Auckland, March 11. Xantho, from Sydney, for London ; throe months' out ; March 5. Coldstream, from Plymouth, for Adelaide, March 80, S N., 24 W. Efcape, from New Zealand, for London, March 4, IN., 20 W. Roman Emperor, from Launceston, for London, MoyO, 30 N., 40 W. Douglas Castle, from tho Clyde, for Sydney, Feb- ruary 12, 37 S., 04 E. Tira Emigration Commissioners havo ongogod tho ship Electric for tho conveyance of passengers to Adolaldo, S.A. 