THE NOETH SHORE TRAGEDY AT .'.V.' '' ???' ;SyDNEY. ,; ; : From the '.& M. Herald of tho 7th inst., we row give the evidence, of one of the most important wit no 3seB in the case : — Harriet Kerr deposed I am a married woman, and sister to Eortrand, the prisoner. I arrived from Melbourne about six weeks ago, and went to live at his house in Wynyard-s-quare. Shortly after I arrived ho spoke of Mrs Kinder, and 'said he wished to make her his wife; that he wished a divorce from his present wife. Ho said ho was very much in love with this person, Mrs Kinder. I said I was very much surprised, as in his letters to me he said he was living happily with his wife. I argued with him, and said that after being married for three years he should think of better things. I . only had one conversation with him on tho subject of the divorce. About a week afterwards, or live or six days, early in tho morning, just before break fast and before leaving my bedroom, Bertrand come into my room whilst I was washing the baby. He said, ' Stay a minute, Ihave something to say to you.' He told me to sit down on the fiide of tho bod, and asked me if I had' read about the death of Kinder ; I 6aid I had ; he paused a^ little and then said, ' Kinder did not shoot himself ; ho said I shot him ;' I replied, ' You must be mad to say such a thing.' He said ' No, I am not mad ; I toll you I did shoot him.' I said, 'But how cruel of you to do so,' and I put my hands to my face. Eo pulled them down again. I was crying, and he said, ' Don'fc cry. I don't regret what I have done.' He said Kinder was in his way. He said ho would do the same thing to any man who stood in hi3 way ; he warned me not to tell his wife what he had told mo. I remember nothing else that occurred at that time. He said he was jealous of Kinder, and that he loved Mrs Kinder very dearly. ''When he said he shot him, he said he put tho pistol in his hand and a pipe in his mouth, and that afterwards he threw the pistol that ha shot him with into the hcrbor. He did not say to me that ho put a curd into Kmder'fi hand before' he shot him. I was told so, but not by Mr Bertrand. When I remonstrated with him, he said, ' 5Tou need not bo so hard upon mo ; Kinder was going to shoot me, and had bought a gun to do so.' Ho did not say from whom he had heard that ; ho said that it was well planned, and if it over came before the public they would not believe it. He said, ' We planned it;' he said that more than himself planned it. We did not mention Mrs Kinder's name in that conversation'. About three weeks after I had another conversation with him in the dining-room. His wife was. present, but she was asleep on the sofa. She used to sleep a great deal. I thought it was not natural sometimes ; it was more like stupor. He then entered inte a conr vorsation about the divorce from hia wife. Ho used to beat his wife most brutally ; this I observed while staying in tho house. Speaking of the divorce, I told him how wrong his conduct was ; bis treatment of his wifo was everything thut was bad, wicked, and crnel. He attempted her life two or throe times whilst I was in the house. He said he must marry Mrs Kinder. He said, ' I don't watit to kill Jane,' meaning his wife, but if I cannot get a divorce I shall get up ah adultery case with some respectable maiTiod woman, and then Jane can suo me for a divorce.' I asked him why he did not give up his thought of marrying that woman ; he said ho could, not give hor up. I fluid, ' Sho must bo a bad woman to be . cognisant of the death of her husband. She could not make you a good wife.' I said she must be a bad woman. Ho an- ? swered, ' Yes, Iknow ohe is a bad woman.' He said that was why he must marry, her, because she wa3 a wicked woman. He said' he would make a second Lucretia of her. He then paused, and, leaning over me, whiBperodj ' Kinder didnot die by the shot; we poisoned him.' He Baid she (pointing to his wife on tho sofa) gave him the ' poi'30'n. He said the poison would never be discovered, and that he had enough poison in the house to kill half, tho people in Sydney. He said it w;i3 very likely that beforo I wont to Brisbane I should see his wifa'a funeral; several times ho ha3 swoken about Kinder, about seeing his ghos', and when he sa iv the color of liquors on the table, referred to it as blood. Atone time bo said ho loved Mrs Kinder dearly, and at other times' said she know every wioked deed that could be committed, and that she was a devil's imp. Ho also said she was a clever woman. Ono night he attempted to murder his wifo, about a month ago. I was in tho house at tho time. He had been out, and came homo at. about ono o'clock in the morning. Ho would never ?Olow Mrs Bertrand a will of her own in tho hou3e. Sho was very frightened of him. Speaking of some subject — I cannot remember what — Bertrand and his wife were talking and she dared to ar'guo with him, when lie got np in. a very excited state and eaul her time hal coma ; that sho must die. Ho took up a stick with a sling at the end, called a life-, preserver, and said ho wanted to measure the exact spot where her brain was, so that ho could kill her with one blow. Sho said, ' Don't kill mo ; (you pro mised me on your word of honor that you would not kill me.' ' He than raised tho stick to strike, and I interfered ; pleaded that forjhis mother's, for the children's sake3, for all their sakes, ho would for bear.' He told me not to look at him or speak to him, and said, ' Go out of the room or I will brain you.' I went out of the room with foar and trem bling, my tongue oleaving to tho roof of my mouth. I tried to call out but could not. I thought he would murder her. After I left tho room he shut the door. I managed to crawl to the top of the kitchen st.aire. I was so faint I could not walk then. I callod for Bridget, tho servant, end when she came up I said, ' Bridget, there i*sojnpthing dread ful happoning in tho parlor.' Whilst I was spealt ing to her tho handle of tho door was turned, aud I p;ot up to the first landing of tho Btairs. Whilat sit ting- thero I hoard thorn saying something. My brother Baid, ' Now, Jane, I want you to go into tho surgery,' cud she asked what for. Ho said, ' I want you to write on thia pieoo of paper that you ore tired of your lifo and thut you poisoned yourEolf by your own hand.' Sho said, ' No, I shall not write it.' He isaiil, ' I will mitko you.' Shi) Bitid, ' You muy pour the poison down nty throat, but I will not .write anything.' Bciforo the conversation bo;j -ai u?y bro ther had poured mo out e. little weak brandy and water, and whilst I was ou tho stairs I liourd him sp.y to Jane, 'Drink that,' meaning tho brandy and water that ho hadjpoured out for me. Ho said 'Drink it up.' She drank it. Mrs Bertraud chon caruo out, aud wo retired to our room for the night. Mrs Ber trand and I slept togother. She slept with mo tho whole time I was thero except ono night ; there was I then » etrfiugei1, a Jftdy visitor. i» the Ucubo; Mxa ' Bertrand, when she got into tho room, sat down on a chair quite exhausted, and to my astonishment fell fast asloep. I thought it was strange she should fall asleep so soon after so exciting a scene. It was about ten minute3 after drinking the brandy and water. On two other occasions he attempted her life ; after the firat con versation with my brother relative to the death of Kindor, Mrs Bertrand asked me why I was look ing so pale ; what was the matter with me. I said I had been told something by Henry that I could scarcely believe'to be true. She said, ' What did he say to you ?' I said he told mo that he shot Mr Kinder. I asked her, ' Is that true ?' She said, ' Yes.' .This was in the diningrocm. On the after noon of the Bame day that my brother told me he had shot Kindor, she said, ' You know Henry and Mrs Kinder and I are constantly visiting at the North Shore, and that, on one particular morning', Henry said, 'You must go over to the North Shore.'' She said Henry had of ton threatened to kill Mr Kinder. In reference to shooting him, she one day, in, the parlor, warned Mrs Kindor about thin; that Bertrand was going, or had threatened, to kill him. Mr3 Kinder said, 'Tell him yourself.' Mrs Bertrand said, 'No; if it was my husband that was to bo shot I should tell him myself, and think I had a right to do it.' The reply was some thing to that effect. She said that Henry was in love with Mrs Kinder, and that sho (Mrs Bertrand) and hor husband wero to be divorced in consequence of this. She said they .were living a comfortable life together, and wero quite, reconciled to the fact of a divorce, she being lired of the ill treatment she had been receiving. Sho then told me that, on one particular morning, Bertrand told her she was to go over to the North Shore and take the baby and Sophy (the nurse girl.) She did not wish to go that mo-ning because it was raining, and the baby would gat wet. He said she must go, and they did go. She said she noticed that when Ber? trand came to the house (Kinder'a) ho. seemed more serious than he had been for some time past, and seemed kinder to Mr Kinder. Mr Bertrand was walking up and down the room very fast, and she noticed that he kept bis gloves on arid ono hand in his pocket. She said, I think, shortly after, Ber trand and Kinder were talking about tho business affairs of Kinder, speaking of New Zealand, and rending letters from New Zealand. She further said that Mrs Kinder and herself wero stand ing at the window looking out when they heard the report of a pistol, and on turning round she saw Mr Kinder sitting in a chair and a pistol drop . from his handj.ancV^saw, Bertrand place a pipe in Kinder's mouth, taking the pipe from the table. Mrs Kinder rnn out of the room. Bertrand followed her with a loaded pistol, put it to her head, and said if she did not -go into the room he would blow her brains out. Mrs Kinder came into , the room. Bertemd then took hold of Mrs Bartrand's arm and made her face Mr Kinder; she,, told me the blood was then flowing from tho v/oiind, and that Bertrand's fingers nearly met in the flesh, and he pinched her arm so hard that the marko were left for. thre3 weeks afterwards. He said, ' Now look at him — look at him well'— ^making her look. ' I wish you always 'to see him before you ;' she said thut after Kinder was shot, thry mada her (Mrs Bertrand) nurso and attend upon him. She said sho was doing all she could for the sick man to ?remedy tbo evil her husband had done. Mrs Kinder and Bertraud during nearly the whole time were acting in an improper manner, such ns walking up and down the veran dah with, their anus around each other's waists. Some time after the shot was fired she was looking round tha room and said sho saw something lyingagainat the wainscoat, and found, it to be a bullet flattened. She said, ' Mr Bertrand ran to mo and took it from me, and put it in his waistcoat pocket, saying, ' This is just what I wanted.' ' She said she had been attending upon Mr Kinder two or three days, when he was improving. She said that Mr Bertrand had decided, that he could not let Kindor live ; that ho must be poisoned. She said Kinder seemed .better, not so delirious and more sensible., That Mrs Kinder went up him and said, 'Why were you, so cruel as to shoot yourself ?' Ho said, ' I did not shoot myself.' She eaid subse quently that Mr Bertrand afterwards forced her to mix ihtj poison, and that Mrs Kinder gave it to him. That was all that she said to me, that I recollect. I said I must leave tho house after what she had told me. She begged of me not do so, and said if I left the houao sho would bo murdered, as he would think she had advised me to go and. tell of these things, and so I remained. I should have left on other occasions, but my brother would not nllow me to go. He said ho would not bo such a fool. Wiieu I : first came fchera I noticed somo strange marks' on Mrs Bertraud's bock whilst sho wa3 dress ing. They had all the appearance of burns or scalds; aud speaking of them she said, 'Did you see these marks ?' I said yes. She said, 'Well, he thraahod me with her (Mrs Kinder's) whip, and took pieces of flesh out,' and sho tsaid this was because Ehe had said something about letting tho murder out. Oh. her baokand shoulders there were marks aa if the flesh had been torn off, and sho also , had a black eye. She told me afterwards,, in Mrs Kinder's presence, that ho bad stabbed her (Mrs Bartratid) with a penknife, which penetrated to the depth of the blado ; and' she showed me a pair of stays that were saturated with blood. Since she made the confession about the ill treatment, she said that Bertraiul had told her to be very kind to Mr BelhouKO, and to allow him to kiss her, if necessary. Tin's ho told her at night, aftor Bslhouso had loft. I wished her very much to go to some magistrate and confess what she had told me. I said, ' If you do not, you will bear tho blame, and very likely this woman who deserved it would get clear, whilst you might bo hanged.' She said, ' No, I would never be hung ; I would poison myself.' She refused to go to a magistrate. Two or three times I havo said I would go, and would bring the pnlico to the houao. She would not allow mo to go, and said that if I told it to any one, they would think rao mad. Indeed, I believe that Bertrand bad told Defiie3 that I was mad. I told it to Defries, and after that I went to Captain M'Lerriu about tuu easo. I often thought my brother vrua mad, from tho woy ho wont on. Mrs BertrGiid, on ono uosasion, slated that Mrs Kinder wan staying hi tha house before I ouino from Mel bourne. She did not s;iy how lung sho was staying there, but sho said that whenevor Mrs Kinder was thiiro, Bur brand always ill-treated her (Mrs Bertrand). That whou Mrs Kinder was away ho never attempted bar life. She also said that Bertraud had forced her (Mrs Bertraud) to sleep in tho same room with Mrs Kindor and him self. Ho took Mrs Kinder into Mrs Bortrand's bed nnd lay clown witU them both, Sho said, that Ber., trand and Mrs Kinder had been frequently alone in bed. One day when we were alone after dinner, Ura Kinder was kneeling down tying the dress of a little, boy, when she said, 'You see ina in very disadvantageous circumstances.' I said, ' I won der bow you dare to look at me or address me iu my brother's absence.' This was all that was said, as somo one came into the room at the time. Mrs Kindor shortly after went away to Bathurst. Cross-examined by Mr Roberts : , I and my brother were not upon friendly terms at all times when I was residing with him. It is not a fact that he, at sometime, whilst I wa3 residing with him, refused to assistfme in pecuniary matters. I have never quarrelled with him in consequence of his refusal to purchase articles of wearing apparel for me. I do not : recollect saying to him ' you refuse to , purchase things for me, but you spend money on Mrs Kinder.' I did not tell my brother, before I knew anything of the death of Kinder, that I bad dreamed of his death, or of the way' in which ? it was brought about. No allusion of the kind was made. After prisoner had told me ho ' had shot Kinder, I might have related lo him that my sister (Mrs Bright, of Melbourne), on reading the report in the Herald, had said how silly it was to lend pistols to a man who had threatened to shoot himself. Bertrand never told me that he had lent Kinder the pistol ; the remaik arose out of the report in the paper. I said that I often thought my brother was mad from the way iu which he went on. I did not say that Defries said bo. I have Baid to Mr Defries that I thought my brother must bo a lunatic, or he could not have done and said what he had. When my brother mentioned the circumstance first he said that ho had shot him. My brother was calm at the time he. said so. Ho did not say that Kinder died; he merely said that he had shot him. My brother might have used the word ' die' in many conversations, but he did not use it in the . first. He often stated that people believed that Kinder had died by his own hand. In one conversation he (Bertrand) leaned over to me, and said that he did not die by the shot. That conversation took place about three or four weeks ago. At the tiino that Bertrand stated that to me, I thought that Mrs Bertrand was asleep. She was in a kind of stupor. She used to go offinto those sloeps that would last some hours. Bertrand asked me not to mention to his wife that he had said he had shot Kinder. 1 mentioned, to his wife that he said to me that, before I left for r Brisbane, which I was then shortly about; to do, I should see Mrs Bertrand'a funeral. That was three weeks after Mrs Bertrand told me ? that priaoner had' shot Kinder. Iu one conversation, he told me that deceased did not . die by the shot, but that 'we poisoned him.' AH' that con versation took place on the same night. I did not speak to Mrs Bertrand about it the same night, as the conversation took place at about half-pa.st twelve o'clock, and Mrs Bertrand was so drowsy that I could not talk to her. I cannot swear that it was the next morning that I spoke to Mrs Bertrand about what her husband had said. I always told her what Berfcnmd said. I wished to protect Mrs Bertrnnd. In fact, that was what I stayedinthe house for, and I must also say that I stayed partly for fear of ray lifo. Whenever I tried to shelter Mrs Bertrand in any way, her husband always seemed to have somo revenge against rae ; even if Mrs Bertrand only took a fork up at the table, and ho told her not to do so, it wculd give oft'jnce ; and if I Baid anything in BIra Bertrand's favor he would ' show his' epito at mo. We wero always in dread of our lives. Iu fact, I had not a moment's ponce in the house since I heard of the murder. My brother did not appear ' ; anxious ; to get me out of tho house, but quite the contrary ; and when I wanted to go he always hindered me. He always professed to be very fond of me, and said I was his favorite sistor. Although he professed fondness for mo ho did not show it by his manner. He wa3 often very eccentric. Even, in gaping he would imitate the roar of a tiger, and. had done it in the street. Fe always professed to have an idea that he could mes merise people. On one occasion, when we wero sppnding the evening fat Mr DefricB*, Bertrand acted in a very eccentric manner all the night. He put his fingers up to his head to make horns, and he said lie wa3 the devil. He said ho 'could call up Kinder's ghost in the room. Of course I did not expect that ho could rlo such a thing, but tho horror of knowing what I did affected mo, and I went into hysterics. Bortrand voluntarily and unexpectedly made the statement that deceased did not die by tho thot, but that ' we poisoned him.' I be lieve Bertraud was a temperate man. From all that I have observed, ho was, when ho said, ' We poisoned him.' I did not question him about it. He said ho garo Kinder the poison, or that he had a poison that could not bo detected. Subsequently, Bertraud Baid that the poison he gave Kinder, or that ho (Bertrand) had, could not be detected. I under stood him, at first, when ho said ' we,' that itw«a not Bertrand alone who had poisoned him. From bis language,aftersvards, I inferred thatBertrnnd hud poisoned deceased. Bortrand did not say that ho had poisoned Kinder, but that Kinder had poisou. I will swear that he did not say thut he gave Kiinler the poison himself. Ha said,- ' ' we gave it to him, and ho said whilst Mrs ''Bertrand was asleop on tho sofa, and pointing to her, ' and ahbmixedit.' Ho did, 'not tell mo that his wife know, whether it was poison or not. I havo no doubt that Mrs Bertrand was asleep' when ha pointed', to hor. From what he : said, Mrs Bertrand, I should conclude, might bo wholly innocent, and not have known what it was she mixod ; ( ho did not say ' that he compelled his' wife' to mix tho poison. I havo generally a good recollection, but I havo gono through a great deal lately. I remember all that was said by Mr and Mrs Bertrand about Kindsr, because it was of a nature that I could not easily forget it. All Mrs Bortrand said to mo about vay bristlier I can remember. I did not say to Mrs Bertrand, ' Mr Kinder did not die by the shot; ho was poisoned.' When I spoke to Mrs Bertrand, and mentioned that her husband had pointed to her and said ' Sho mixed it,' Mrs Bertrand got up and stumped on tho floor, and said ' He's a liar.' That was tho same morning, er tho morning after, that Mr Bartri'.ud had spoken about her mixing the poison. I havo uot stated ihh beforo to-day. It osccped my recollection. Previously to this Mrs Bortrand had told mo that sho had mixed tho poison. I did not know what to believo ; I could not understand it. I am not mix ing up what Bertrand said with what Mrs Bortrand said. Sho had previously told me that oho had mix«d the poison beoanse hor husband compellod her. I did not say anything when Mra Bertrand stamped her foot and said, ' He's a liar.' I was nBtoumlcd. aad I did. sot liko to pneak to iier. I did not know what to say. I'll swear that I did . . not say, ' Well, I'll tell Henry what you say.'. ''1 \ 1 won't swear that she said' He's a liar, and I'll tell him so.' The words' I'll tell him soj' might have been said, and have escaped my .recollection 'J I \ positively swear th^at1 1 did not say' to Mrs Bertrand, * ' For God's sake , don't,' ^f or he told me' iaoi't'i tell ? you' when she' .'said, 'lie's a liar;' -;Myv brother did . not ' implore'! ;niey! -hi ' ; only asked1' m'e' ribt' iq '.tell ?:'. his wife that'He''1hni!'tol3'mo'-tnW'tAhe'1H&tfiM;^Kin- ' \- der. I did tell her, what' he ap-d/PTlier^Wakan interval of threft;:weeks!''bety7ee'h'th'e:t^.!cSnyerbk- ; tions ;;n which Bertrand told; me Jthat'he'h'ad shot Kinder and ..when/ he: told me'th'atlieha'3'^ois()ned him. I/cbnid/'no^jHavemeritioned'lioth'co'nyers^ ,. tibns to' Mrd''Bertran'd; 'at the 'same tim'eV il'never : heard ' MfaiBdrtrand speak' in' unliin'd'. 'term's 'of . Kinder,! ftiut';-^uUe''tti9'; 'other -^way'^l':Shy 'always . ,-. ;Bpokein\very.i6inidrtefms of Kinder. Stie: neyerjSaiid ; ' I was preBenVat -the poisoning of Kiri'der^'Mrs Bertrand said that, she turned round whenine'saw the pistol falling from .ttie' 'hands''' of : Kinder?;'' ' She might have' said that she' 'fainted afterwards.1. She I repeated things' tttat' occurred 'shortly after Kinder ?was sh6t,'and She th'ere'fb'rec'b'iildript'ha've been long unconscious, supposing she had fain' ted. ''Mrs Ber trand mentioned to me/ by way of complaihti that ; on one' occasion' Mrs!Kinder' slept in the 'same' bed with Bertrand arid herself '. '? Shesaid that' Bertrand made her lie in bed ; that Mrs Kiriderthen came inj and; thatthey had improjier intercourse^ On another occasion she said that she would 'riot stay in ^ed,. ?„. and that rather than do so sher took 'a mattress |arid slept on the- floor'.1' I heard that Be'ttrand' wanted his wife to write down. on. a piece of paper T;h'at' she was fcire'd of her life, and' that 8h'e'ihad'iaken : poison/ She refused to ' sb;; ' At ''a'pothW'tiriig1,* Mrs Bertrand; told :me; -that'' 'her ''husband. 'wished 'her to go and buy strychnine j- and that she refused to:g6. Mrs Bertrand 'said r'sbe 'would not be,Bueh a fool; ind that if'h'e'Want'ed'itj^e'could 1 write 'it down' 'and send for !Iti' - This was -after ,.' Kinder's/death^' and^while I^as- staying1 in the house., ( 'Bertrand of ten'tolct/ meV 'ai;that time; 'that he had a great' mind to- murdel^Mi^ Bertrand, aiid1 say I had done it. I know ,that-:JM¥s'vB;ei;trand has been to the Insp.ectbr-General's''bme'e;; and given in formation respecting this, matter. I never, saw Mrs Bertfand'interfere . in her husband's - business as to the poisons used',' 'arid1 as far as I am award-she had' ? no knowledge.'Sf' poisons; ' After I 'told 'her what , ? my brother had said, I told her that 'she' ought to tell what slie knew to a magistrate. ; 'that Jif sao'.'didr not confess^ -very likely the woman' ^hp ought to ' bear it would escape,'''and,!she '(Mrs1' Bertrand)' . would- be 'hangfedi She''^aid'Js'he'Vpiil3 not ''lie ? hanged;1 she had nothing- to'.fear ;3Me had done no wrong. MrsBerlrarid'as \ye\l as'my brother told me that Kirider'%a's-.pb!isoh'ed1.i';'Slie 'said Herlry' forced her to mix 'tlie\\!ppison',! :and' 'Mrs ''Kinder' gave it him. She never ;tbl3 me for' what purpose -.. it was mixed, arid that she knew for what purpose it was intended. ' ' ' l '; By Mr Roberts: In the conversation r ''haver spoken about in evidence^ to-day, Mrs Kinder was. .. ? ^ not present. '' '?' ' 'l; 'J, ' .'. ? ' ',' '' '''! , 'By Mr Butler: When Xspbke of 'not being1 on friendly terins. with my brother, T'irieah to say I differed with' -him as to1 the 'course he took with regard to Mrs Kinder, arid 'what' lie1' wanted ' me to do in the rnafcter, ; . ? ; ''?''????' 'i' Mary Agnes Robertson was recalled and examined', : after which the further hearing was adjourned till ? '. this morning. ' ?' .'??:'''' '?' ! ' ? :\ . ', ' '. :' ' _ 