THE LITERATURE OF TIIE MONTH. (PROlt OOIl LONDON COIUlliSrON-DBNT.) June, 18G5. (Concluded from ncslcrdafs 1 > I'l alii : Tho wiiier of a hli grnpliiiml nrtie'e, In the Aorf/i f'ritixh Jtevieio, 011 " l'liedrieh Auaust TVoif,'' thus introducis his suij-cl: — " 1". A. "Wolf Is known to us in tliis ronntry, if at #11, in connexion with n certain theory of the origin of tho Homeric poetns. He was eminently tlie professor; very secondnriiy the wri'cr. Every thing that lie wrote, even Ids famous Prolegomena to Ilomtr, was thrown upon paper under some casual inducement. He left no elaborate work; nothing with which lie was himself satisfied. His edilions were prepared for tbe use of Ii's classes. On the other hand, it was ho who created, nnd u ho himself gave Hie first example of, that enthusiasm for philological studies, which for 00 years I134 been the quickening life of Ger man education. Wolf Is tlio true author of modern classical culture." How tho scholar fought his way upwards from iuiligcnee to comfort, from ecclusion to fume; how the latter part of his life was a klizhtcd existence, what was his character, and who were his students ami friends, nro here related in n s'yle which compels tho reader to finish the article if once lie begins it. The next is a carefully wiitlen and comprehensive article ax "Tho New Gold Mines and prices." The increased production of gold, tho great demand for it for new schemes of enterprise, Hie opening of new markets nnd new areas of production through the facilities of intercommunication, the enormous growth of trade, ttrl the great rise in price#, nro eneli thoughtfully considered, and their several reia'ions and effects arc pointed out. It is difficult to find a passage for extract which may give an idea of the drift of the article. But as it includes India as well as England in its surrey, it may he deemed worth tlio careful perusal of fiunncial capitalists nnd traders abroad as well ns at home. The " Tiirre Wotr.cn of Letters," who form tlio subjoct of ti-.c next paper, arc Lucy Aikin, J oannn lialllie, and Caroline F. Cornwallis. The first and Inst receive most attention, the second only n passing, but interesting notice. The remiois- ccnces nre very pleasant, nnd afford opportunity for describing the religious couvietions of these indies, and their relation to the world of letters. The paper thus concludes: — "It eo happens Hint the three clever women with whose memo rials we have teen occupying ourselves, take up their position respectively iu tho three depart ments into which the genius cf ages nnd the genius of individuals arc said to be alike dlstii- hutnlls. l'octry, nnrrntive, nnd philosophy and science, have been hy turns the favou rite forms of human thought since men began to think. In the present century they would seem to have each come in for their share In giving the prevalent direction to the public taste. The quality of imagination was certainly predominant in llic days to wide'.' Jaaiinn Bnlllie properly belonged, tlm dsysof thepreat minstrels — of Scott, Byron, Campbell, Southey. It was at History's shrine that Lucy Aikin paid her devotions, in company with, nt however re spectful n distance, Ifaliam, Mackinttsh, Sis- rnondl. Philosophy claimed Caroline Cornwallis ns her own — tlie crilical philosophy which tlie now impulses of the time had brought from the German universities, nnd which is making its laiuuiar inmic iu ine minus 01 me present gene ration. All honour be to tbe triad ! They had neither of them cause to bo ashamed of the place assigned to their productions on theehelvesof con temporary literature. Witliwliutcvcr differences of taste or ability, they each iu their several ways kcl; cd to vindicate woman's right to the franchise of the human intellect, nnd have afforded man opportunity to show that tho old days of jealousy nod derisive compliment are at an end, and that the pretensions of a precieuse ridicule would he ns unmenniDg in this lat'.er half of the lGlli century as wero tho fantastic pedantries of I.a Mauclin's knight among tlio working-dav realities of the age of Cervantes." Another of the cc excellent papers on Scandina vian and English history, as represented iu the times or Harold Hardrada, brings the chronicle down (0 the Norman Conquest hy William, The titlo of the present pnper is " England nnd Norway in the Eleventh Century." Edward the Confessor, Earl Godwin, Tostig, Harold, arc the leading characters. As farmer papers have shown how Harold Ilurdrada rose to power and came to England ; this shows how he fell nt the ngeof 61, was borne back to Norway, and at last buried at Drontliclin. On tho state ol England in the doya of the Confessor, tlie fol lowing remarks arc interesting ; — "A Jorge part of lira lowest class wero slarca. Every freeman and owner of land seems to iinvc had several, and though tho church, with a per severance which does it nil honour, was incessant in preaching tlie duty of manumission, and though the wills ore full of bequests of freedom on the part of freemen to their thralls, the very frequency of these injunctions end bequests proves how large u class of tbe community were still unfreo. I'nr tlie rest, except when war wasted them, the people, free ond bond alike, were probably happy enough. England was the land of corn nnd ids, oi fine clothes and good arms, of vessels of silver and vesselsof gold. Thcro was church plate in abundance, nnd many a gold-blltcd swoid, or axe, with haft inlaid with silver, mauy n g. Urn howl, aud many a massive highly wrought driuking-horn is bequeathed by the Anglo-Saxon wills, Tbe fctling that re mains ou the mind after reading the rich store of wills, nnd deeds and charters, that linve been spared, is that, though the state of soeiety was what we should call rude, it was not nenrly so wretched as it must have been in Norman times. Tlie danger of nil clusics rather was that they should sink Church nnd Throne aud people alike into 6ottishness mid duluess, for on the whole the Anglo- Snxons were a slow, sluggish people, in Edward tlio Confessor's time. Tlio constant Danish wars and actual Danish settlements had grcatly shuttered their national feeling; the Church was too fond of ease, and Ihought too little of its ditties; the King was weak and childish, nnd few of the great chiefs wero of pure Saxon bicod, England in Edward's time wnsripo fur reform or revolution." A writer on the " State aud Prospects of Italy " regards tlie lutter very favourably. H0 thinks that not a little will ha gained by tlie removal of the sent of government to Florcncp,in the diminu tion thereby of Pled montcse local influences; that the Itnlinns, botli in Komenudoutofit, ore begin ning le see that it is not absolutely necessary for Italian unity that Nome should be the metro- polls, but that it is fur more important that tlie French troops should be withdrawn from tlio very heart of the country. Tho ilnnncinl affairs nnd tho relations to the Papacy are serious-matters to he settled, but the sober sense aud practical In stinct liiilieito displayed by the people give pro mise of a successful settlement. Cornhill is rather heavy. " Armadale" i3 exciting enough, ccrtoinly. "Wives end Daughters" keeps up well. " How wo Did Mont Blauc" is sprightly on a hackneyed theme ; hut tho other pieces aro not very inviting, A few short extracts may, however, be culled. The . paper on " Confession" Is on the legal aspects of confession of crime, and the propriety of malting amendments in the law, or In the administration of it. "If it wero necessaiy in these dnys to controvert tlie general poliey of nil spceies 0/ torture hiving confes-io.i for their object, it might he enough to refer to the account of the trial of Pel ton for the murder of the Duke of Buckingham, The Bishop of London is related to have said to him at bis tiial, " If you will not confess, yon must go to the rack." The prismcr replied, "If it must be so, I know not whom I nwy accuse in the extremity uf my torture, Bishop Laud perhaps, or any oilier lord at this hoard." "Sound eenio," observed Sir Michael Foster, "In tlie mouth of nn enthusiast nnd n ruffian." (' Pro vincialism' is regarded as n decaying element of sscinl life. "Provincialism may he defined ns the counterpart of cockncyism— as ibc cockney- ism of country towns ; for every cil y lias its oivii cockr.cjs. There n:e Liverpool, Manchester, Edinburgh, end Dublin cockneys, just as London produces the typical breed iroin which they nil derive the name. The local man, the mnu whom whole prejudices arc bred Iu liiai by tho place, nml wiro inca-urci evervtMrg by tho place's standard, is and must n cc.ckiicy, whether lie lives in London, Boston, New Yoik, Rome, »r Constantinople." Tlie essential features of this localism ore minted out, hut influences arc nt work which will suitly make it, wiic'li'.r nscockncylsm or irovincialism, n thing of the pan. " Thomas Vi'urton," the Rev. T. \Varton, II. IL, Fellow of Tiinity Colicg% Oxfoid, was a popular antiquary, scholar, and boa vlv.nit of more than a century ago. His memory has been embalmed by tlie Revs. G. Gdfillmi nnd it. Maui, M.A.; and ironi their records tlie present article is compiled. As a traditional " brick," this kindly notice of him wi.'l be wel comed by Winchester boys aid Tiinity men. " Ralph Grueby's Ghost" is the title cf n tamo story. "Vidocq and the Sausons" is n brief unveiling of one nspect of criminal life and death in Paris — hr Vidocq Is a spy, nnd tbe Sausons (father nml son) nro Hie executioners nt tlie guillotine. "'Ilio English drama during the reigns of Elizabeth and James," and some verses "To Spring," fill up the number. The two tales iu Mncmillan proceed well. In u paper on " Women and tlio Fine Arls," hy F. T. Pnig'nve, "tho principal points that it is desired to prove or to illustiate nre — 1. That in II12 Fine Alts women have hitherto almost entirely failed to reach high or lasting success. 2. That it is altogether prematuie to decide whether women aro not intendid fir sscli success by natural organisation until they Invc, for a sufficient period, received intellectual advantages equal to those received by men. 3. That their non- success is the result, not of external circum stances or want of endeavour, but cf deficient grneral training, nnd tiie absence of a fair judg ment on man's part." Henry Klngsley writes iu ma unu ruuj bijie ,/iuoui CMiCOIj. lie draws attention lo a book on the salmon recently written hy Mr. Russell, editor of tlie Sco/snitin, nnd published by Edraonston nnd Douglas (7s. Cd.), of which be says, tliat " it is a most readable and amusing book." The purport of the paper ii thus set forth : " Now tho best thing we can do, is to give the life of a successful salmon — of the ciglitcon-poundcr with which wo shall ninke ourselves ill this very night at tlie London tavern, on tlie occasion, let us say, of the annual dlnnir of the Broken-down Blockade Runners' Pension Soeiety, with Mr. Blight In the chair. Let us see, with the assistance of Mr. Russell, what astounding adveuturos this fellow had gone through before, like Hans An dersen's snails, he had arrived at the crowning earthly honour of being cooked, put on a plate, and gobbled up. JI avlng done tills, let us follow the fate of a few or his unsuccessful brothers, and see why, by a combination entered into by a wicked world, they never cnuic by the promotion which n waited their more fortunate brother, but got themselves cruieiy gobbled up, far short of tho London tavern. Thirdly nnd lastly, let us to draw deductions and apply the lesson." Of "Miss Metcynrd's Life of Wedgowood," ashort notice is given. The opinion formed is thus ex pressed : "In nn ego of catch-work biography nnd careless Mustratiou, Messrs. Hurst nnd Biaekett may be fairly congratulated on having turned out the best English book of the year on art— unless Mr. Street's beautiful 'Architecture in Spain ' ho entitled to rank with it." muciB on -- uur New Zealand Conquests" be true, the Auckland colonists have u very serious indictment to meet. The writer is Mr. J. E. Goist, so that it will not be difficult to show thnt I1I3 testimony is untrust- wertiiy if it he so ; but if what Ire says he true, the New Zealand wars are a feul disgrace to any man who lay tho smallest claim to humanity, patriotism, or righteous ness. Tiie Colonial Office also is not freo from censure. Mr. Gorst concurs in the with- drawmcnt of the Imperial forces ; thinks that step favourable lo pence, but hold thnt pence cannot be prolonged unless tlio colonists recognise their true nosition towards the Maoiies, acknow ledge tlie independence thry have maintained, ntd restore the confiscated Waiknto lands. Pro fessor Godwin Smith nnd Mr. Edward Dicey contribute papers on President Lincoln, nml an nnonymous writer (R.) sends a poetical eulogy. This is what the Professor says : — " Tire Eman cipation Proclamation" was signed Slh July, 1804, and sealed with his blood 14.Ii April, 1866.'' Tliis is what a motto composed fur an occasion of public excitement seldom is— a true account of the matter. Lincoln h:s fallen a martyr to tlie abolition of Slavery. He was not a fnnntira! abolitionist. He would have done noihing unconstitutional to effect im mediate emancipation He did not, ns President, suffer hirrsolf to hold fierce language ngnmst slavery ; nor would lie, though hard pressed by those for whoso character aud convictions he had n high respect, allow himself to he led into premature nnd illegal mtnutres far its instant extirpation. But hiding Ms time with patient srgieity, lie struck it deliberately and legally the Wow ofwhkh it Ims died. It struck him Iu return the blow which will make liiiu live iu the lovo of Ms nation nnd of mankind lor ever." air. Dieey's views agree wi ll these, llo shows how, in 1802, tiie President was not popular with Washington society, nnd how lie lived down prejudice and mistrust, growing with circumstances, and faithfully representing the people who chase him for their ruler. A little tssay on ' success iu Life" is very judicious. Frnscr'o ecclesiastical article (9 tho first of tw» papers 011 "English Ultramontnnism." They virtunlly constitute a review of n volumo of "Essays on Religion and Literature," written by Dr. Manning, Cutdinnl Wiseman, Mr. Onklcy, Mr. Lucas, etc., and edited by Dr. Manning, the recently nominated Roman Catholic Archbishop of Westminster, Tlio topics discussed in the review are "The Relation of the Church of Rome to Modern Science," "The Relation of the Church of Rome to Modern Society," nnd " Tho General Position nnd Prospect! of the Church of Rome in Comparison with those of the Church of Engluud." And some of the conclusions are indicated in the following paragraph " Thus far we have considered the arguments of Car dinal Wiseman nud Dr. Manning on tlie relation of tlie Church of Rome to science, and have at tempted to show that tliej admit that scientific processes lead to truth, and that most of tlio opinions entertained lu tlio present day by scien tific men are opposed to tiie Roman Catholic creed ; that, in order to get over this, they nre obliged to charge the -plainest conclusions of phjsieal science with being rosli, 1 1 arty, and unscientific ; and t! ut, when they give specimens of their own skill in scientific investigation, they show themselves Ignorant of tho most rudimentary notions of the rales ol historical evidence." Mr. Bonamy Price discusses the operation of tiie Bank Charter Act of 1811. He regurds tlie net with favour, thinks the principle of it is good nnd beneficial, hut points out that its practical operation in detail is capable of improvcaient. The paper on " Eng land's future attitude towrrds Europonnd towards the World" is very ably written. Our relations with India and the colonics have a very fair measure of attention'. Tlio whole paper is thus summarised : — " It seems clear, then, thnt tho obligations n\d responsibilities of Great Britain, as tlio head of n vast colonial empire, are as littlo likely to ho taken off her shoulders by tlie separation of tlie colonies as to he volun tarily surrendered or. timidly abandoned hy her self. It is probabie, even, tlmt thoy will become more solemn, more extensive, nnd moro l'ivctted every year by the increasing attachment, loyalty, and danger of these distant portions of our dominions. When, therefore, we look to the pvospcct of what wo may be culled upon to do nad to bear, in o dcr that the promise of almost illimitable grandeur lying before our colonies, nnd ourselvc9„in union with them, shall not he matred or blighted ; of the inescapable and in calculable claims of our Indian fusses- ions both upou our military nod our ndministrathe poweri— of (lie work which is all but certain to lie forced upon us in China nnd Japan, — nnd of tlie drain upon our strength and tlio field for our genius aud-interpriso which these several vistas open out before us, — may we not he considered to have jirovsd our first proposition conclusively and overpowcriugly, viz., that tlie more we can restrict and retire from European action, tho stronger nnd more dienified will be our position, and the filter and readier shall we he for tho work which God has given us to do?" An American abolitionist writes well on "The Assassination of President Lincolu." His histo rical and biographical review B very interesting, — not, however, presenting much that, is new. He sees in the assassination only the natural and practical expression of a sentiment that lias been cherished by tlie pro- slavery party, and found utterance in their newspapers and speeches for many years past. "This do?d represents the spirit of slavery. The new President Ims knd good trniniug, but lie Is sterner than his prede cessor. Tho 'Abolitionist,' with evident fear aud doubt, yet hopes tliat cxtreins measures will not be adopted towards the leaders of the rebellion ; lot them go and subside iuto oblivion." " Gilbert Rugge" and " The Amulet" arc con tinued. " The Royal Academy Exhibition" is criticised by Mr. Rosetti. Mr. Swinburne's Dramas nro severely handled try nil Old Cam paigner. The caves on tlie continent, contain ing "Subterranean Ice," are thought to be worthy of investigation, that some scientific explanation may be given of their phenomena. \- The special correspondent ot the Manchester Examiner lets us have a peep into tho Jerusa lem Chamber. "Convocation yeu know lias been sitting a good deal lately, and for anything 1 know it may liavo done something. All I know, however, is that it has not done nil that tiie bishops, or some of them, desired ; for although the subject-matter of the communica tion has not transpired, it is pretty wcil known that tho Upper House has had a hint from tho Government that they were getting out of their depths. A letter wns certainly sent to them, nnd the most reverend snd right reverend prc- iat s wero certainly thrown iuto nosiight qunn- 1J..4 .1 1...1 XL- . . .. _ vwaj. Mm iiiujr ncjn uic bscret, nnd aii i cau make out is that llrey were pulled up with moro or less sharpness. I think, however, I hear tome of your renders asking how such a secret could be kept, seeing that the proceedings of tlie Upper House are regularly reported. The answer is thnt only so much of tlie proceedings of the Upper House is reported as 1 lie bishops choose. When convocation was originally revived there wns n greal question raised in to whether tho reporters should or should not be admitted. Most of tlie older prelates were understood to bo against it, but the youngerand more active oucb, with tho aid of the Bishop of Exeter, carried the point to a certain extent. The House, how ever, not only claims but exercises the right of excluding the press whenever they want to have a private talk, and hence you never know any- thing they wish to conceal, but tlmt is not ail, They sit round a table in a cosy room, more like a committee than a House ; and a great part of I litis dlfcussinns are carried on in n conversa tional kind cf manner — the bishops not even rising from their seals— that absolutely deii.s reporting. And besides tliat, it is no uncommon thing for them to give n bint to tlie reporters that it would he better not to take tliis or that ; or, bs I am told happened the other dnv, for the bishop to say to anether who is trenching on disputable ground, " Bishop of ro-nnd-so you had belter not soy that"— with a giauce at tlie prsss- tabie. When I sny the bishop, you will of course guess tlmt I mean the Bishop of Oxford, who is convocation. lie believes in it thoroughly, wherena most nf hU hprttiwan mi., A e — . — — H.v.utvu vts.jr tlutU U BJVb Oi half belief iu it, nnd one— tlie Bishop of St. David's— scarcely conceals his opinion that tiie whole thing is a 'humbug.' ... I have only to add, iu conclusion, that tlie right rev, bench display a laudable care fur their oivn comfort. Tea Rnd coffee occupy one corner of tho room during the morning; and at lunch- timo sherry and sandwiches make their nppenr- ance. Ill-natured people sny that no speech lasts very long after the tray with tho latter articles makes its appearance. No bishop, what ever his earnestness, can stand tlie sight of his brethren clearing tlie disli under ids very eyes. Altogether tiie proceedings of the Upper House are carried ou in u very easy-going sort of man ner, although occasionally the e iB what strikes one as a remarkable stickling for forms." 