TUESDAY, JANUARY 31, 1865. If the best test of the sincerity of the public is the noisiness of its demonstra- tions, the feeling of the meeting which crowded St. George's-hall last night, under the presidency of the immortal Jenner, must have been fervid indeed. From energy it passed to uproar, and from clamour to confusion, until the assembly bid fair to dissolve itself in the established fashion of a Gal- way election a quarter of a cen- tury ago. How far society gains by the discussion of great public ques- tions in this tempestuous fashion, where the victory is sure to go to the most powerful lungs, is another matter. The meeting of yesterday at any rate, which, at its best, could be but a surface bubble imperfectly indicating the set of the current, decided nothing at all, except to make it more and moro palpable that the tide of public feeling, even among ' the pseudo-protectionist body, is beginning to slacken. The old speakers talked the ¿Id nonsense, but by no means with the same result. In the very temple of protection, a strong impulse was evident to revolt from the worship "of the false goddess. The woes of the working man were of course pathetically dwelt upon, but even in a packed assembly there was a power- ful minority that obstinately refused to see how making him pay half as much again for the prime necessaries of life was to improve his position. If any- thing could havo made the existing con- fusion worse confounded, it would have been the utter discrepancy of the various speakers upon the primary questions at stake. The meeting at any rate ascertained that its leaders yet knew very little about their own meaning, and still less about the views of each other. Mr. Jenner thinks meanly of the Minis- terial measure, but cordially adopts it. The many-sided and slippery Michie is as great a puzzle as before. Mr. Kyte claims him as a declared Protectionist, while Mr. Berry is equally convinced of his adherence to Free Trade. When the house is thus divided against itself, its fall is tolerably certain. An army, the generals of which are at issue, is already practically defeated. Meantime, the feeling of the great body of the com- munity is every day more and more de- cisively showing itself. Of the Free trade demonstrations in the metropolis, we shall for the present say nothing. The thousands of operatives who see in the tariff a death-blow to their in- terests, can very well tell their own tale, and aro telling it. Among the mer- chants there is but one opinion. This all but perfect unanimity in Melbourne we should havo «vxpected. What we did not expect, at least so strongly, is the way in which the matter is being taken up in the country districts. The tide of opposition is flowing even stronger in the interior than in the sea-board. Meeting after meeting is held in the leading towns, and, remarkable enough, the distaste to the measure is as prominently expressed in tho very localities which at the first blush the tariff is intended to peculiarly favour. The greatest sops in appear- ance have been thrown out to the gold- fields. Tho £G6,000 remission of two obnoxious and worrying taxes might bo reasonably expected to entrap the miner at least into a warm adherence. It is clear that this was the impression of the Parliamentary representatives of the gold-fields from the reasons assigned in their speeches. These gentlemen, how- ever, have evidently reckoned with- out their host. The miner, rough enough on the surface, is no fool. He already sees very well that, while the concession of the tax will indeed put many thousands annually into the pockets of the companies, its benefit will only infinitesimally affect himself, at the same time that the in- crease of duty will grievousjy hit those very articles in which, from the nature of his subterranean occupation, the wear and tear is the greatest-boots and shoes, with all other clothing, candles, and oil. To receive a boon from one hand, that can only nominally help him, while the other filches the money from his purse, and to expect him to acquiesce in the fraud, is simply an insult to his un- derstanding. How far the common feeling of all but a fraction of the com- munity will affect the action of the Government, remains to be seen. No English Ministry, trained under the constitutional traditions of centuries, would venture to force upon the House the passing of a measure supported by the ghost of a majority, which Mr. M'Culloch can alone flatter himself he will be able to command. If dis- cretion come in time, the measure will be shelved in committee, or remitted to the hustings. If otherwise, it will be speedily seen that if Parliament ' has stood still, public opinion has sped on, and the Minister, in the sacrifice of his strong position to the freak of a col- league, will be brought to feel in his own case too late-Quern Deus vult perderé prim dementat J There ia every promlso of a busy sitting this afternoon in each House of Parliament. In the Legislative 'Council, the Constitution Act Amendment Bill, the Land Bill, and the Charitable Institutions Bill aro down for second reading. For the consideration of tho first-named measure a call of tho House is ordered. In the Legislativo Assembly, Mr. Kyte will »8k whether the Government have made arrangements for leasing the national railways; and Mr. Bindon will inquire whether wardens nnd other Government officers are precluded by departmental regula- tions from taking part in mining enterprises. The orders of the day number forty, but the first-the continuation in Committee of Ways and Moans, of the discussion on the Govern- ment scheme for the revision of the tariff will no doubt occupy the greater portion of the evening, A meeting of protectionists wa3 held last night, at St. George's-hall, " to tuko into con- sideration whether the tiriff now before Par- liament should be accepted." The Hon. 0. J. Jenner, MJj.O., presided. Only one resolu- tion was proposed by the promoters of the meeting, which affirmed that the tariff ought to be accepted as an instalment of protection. It was moved by Mr. Graham Berry, M.L.A., and, seconded by Mr. Kyte, M.L.A. An amend- ment, declaring the tariff unnecessary and in- expedient, .was proposed by Mr. J. Callaghan, but all the attempts of the opponents of the tariff ta obtain a fair hearing wero defeated by hoking, hooting, and uproar. The orlgir/íl snption was carried. The hall was crowded iii every part, but a considerable proportion of tho ouJicuuB were evidently opposed to the views of the promoters of the meeting. An adjourned meeting of warehousemen and wholesale drapery and clothing trade was held, at the Duke of Rothsay Hotel, yesterday afternoon. Nearly forty persons were present, and twenty six firms were repre- sented. The object wa3 to discuss the pro- priety of asking the Government to substitute ad valorem for measurement duties, but the proposition was so unpalatable, that only two gentlemen were found to vote for it. The general opinion appeared to b3 that either ad valorem or measurement duties would bo found ruinous to the intercolonial, and highly restrictive to the home trade. It was stated that a free-trade league was in course of formation. The stevedores, carriers, coopers, and others engaged in the import trade of Melbourne held a meeting yesterday, at Morley and Oar rick's (late Reynolds and English's) store, in Collins-street, to add to the movement in opposition to the tariff. Mr. Carrick presided; and resolutions strongly expressive of the injury likely to be done to a trade which in- cluded the interests of at least 10,000 or 16,000 Individuals by the proposed new scheme of taxation wero unanimously carried. The meeting was also reminded that up to that time there had been no expression of opposite opinion, so it was impossible to say that any classes would be benefited. It will be seen by our telegraphic intelli- gence that a meeting was hold at Sandhurst yesterday, at which resolutions protesting against the proposed tariff were carried by large majorities. A meeting waa also an- nounced to take placa yesterday at Ballarat, and another will b3 held shortly at Castle- maine, at both of which places there exist strong feelings of opposition to the proposals of the Ministry. A meeting extraordinary of iuhibltauts of Fitzroy-the result of the irregularities which have recently marked the proceedings of the borough council-was hold la3t ovoning at the National-hall, King William-street. Abont 150 persons were present. Mr. William Watson presided. Mr. Maoarthy proposed the first resolution, "That this meeting deplores the constant and need- lessly personal contentions that have taken place amongst our councillors, which have eventuated in a total neglect of the bist in- terests of the borough." Mr. Macarthy stated that, as a large property-holder in Fitzroy, ho was deeply interested in the prosperity of the borough, and that, owing to the proceedings, within the last eight or ten weeks, of the borough council-who seemed nothing more nor less than " political bears "-streets were nnwatered, channels had become pestiferous, and public works generally were impeded. Mr. L. Thomas seconded the motion, and sug- gested the appointment of " a surveillance committee to overhaul mattera " connected with the borough council " in a quiet way." The motion was carried without opposition. Mr. W. M. Scotchmere moved the next resolu- tion, " That, inasmuch as a majority of our conncil have totally neglected their duty, it is necessary to nee all legitimate mean3 to secure the services for the future of those citizens who will discharge the trust reposed in them in promoting the welfare of the distiiot generally." Mr. Scotobmara stated that he was in " a delicate position," inasmuch as he was a candidate for the seat in the borough council vacated by Mr, Harker; but he assured tbo meeting that ho had bsen " drawn" into taking patt in the proceeding. Mr. B. Bell seconded the motion. Mr. Simeon Cohen proposed, as an amendment, the omis Bion of the words, " inasmuch as a majority of our connell have wholly neglected their duty." Ho considered that the meeting was mainly due to the fact that Eome four or five weeks ego Mr. Macartey purchased the equity of redemption of the Builders' Arma Inn. Ho characterized the entire proceedings aî a "municipal dodge," to prevont the re-election of the late mayor, Mr. Falconer. Mr. E.Wild Eeconded the amendment. Mr. Macarthy then roso, and, affirming that he had held pro peity in the borough for eleven years, referred \ to Mr. Cohen as " the Hebrew orator," and a.\ \ having formerly " touted for twopenny hal \ » penny pots in Elizabeth-atreet." The state'-M ment elicited loud disapprobation from tho meeting. Mr. Macarthy referred to this de- monstration as an " idiotic howl," proving that " the lunatic asylum was not sufficiently large." Mr. Cohen declared Mr. Macirthy's statement to be "an unqualified lie." Con- siderable confusion followed. On ita subsi- dence, the amendment was accepted, and thu motion, as amended, was carried. Mr. Wild proposed that the Legislative Assembly should be memorialized, to insert in the Municipal Institutions Law Consolidation Bill a clause empowering the Governor in Council to dis- solve a borough council on satisfactory proof being given that it does not work harmo- niously, and for the interest of the ratepayers. The motion was seconded by Mr. H. Hoal, and carried by a large mnjorlty. The meet- ing shortly afterwards dispersed. The footpath in front of tho fish and poultry shops on the east side of Swanston Btreet, between Bourke street and Little Col lins-street-the átate of which has long bson regarded as a general nuisance-is about to be placed in something like decent order. Tho City Council, at its meeting yesterday, resolved that new flagging should be laid down in the locality in question, and that the owners of the property abutting thereon should be charged with one-half the cost. The fourth annual meeting of the Victorian Society of Blues was held last evening, at the PortiPhillip Club Hotel, Flinders-street ; Mr. B. Cowderoy, president of the society, pre- siding. In the report presented to tho com- mittee, they took occasion to congratulate the society that, by the support of many old Blocs, and also of the public, their means had been much enlarged, and they had boen enabled to extond nid to several "Brother Ciuge," whose necessitous circumstances had rendered them suitable objects for assistance. As the society had advanced, many applica- tions for relief had been made to the committee, who in all cases which on inquiry had been found to be proper one3 for relief had extended nid, in propor- tion to the needs of the case and the means of the society. They had endeavoured, following tho example of the Benevolent Society of Blues, London, to bring the objocts of their society more before the public, and, in instancing the extent to which thoy had succeeded in bo doing, they reported that one fourth of the year's receipts aro3e for dona- tions from persons who were not Blues, but had wished to contribute toward the objects of the society. It was reported that the anniver- sary dinner for 1861 had been held at Geelong. Founder's Day was duly celebrated, when a largo number of Blues were brought to- gether by the occasion. After giving the details of the caseB which had been re- lieved, the committee Bnbmitted a statement of the receipts and expenditure for the year, showing that at present a balance of .£100 was lodged in the bank to their credit. The report having been adopted, the following gentlemen wero appointed directors for the ensuing year :-Messrs. Ritchie, Perry, Paler, and J. 0. Jennings. Messrs. Cowderoy and Perry wero olected trustees ; Mr. E. Whitby, treasurer; Mr. J. 0. Hart, hon. secretary; Mr. H. Hart, collector, with snch remuneration as the directors Bhonld fix; and it was icoolvcd lo request Mr. H. Jennings and Mr. R. G restock to act as auditors. With a vote of thanks to tho office-bearers of the past year, the proceedings terminated. Tho seventeenth annual report of the com- mittee of management of the Melbourne Hos- pital was submitted to the contributors at a meeting held yesterday. It appears that 17.9G0 persona received tho benefits of the in atitution during the year-namely, 2,675 in- door, and 15,285 out door patients. The gro33 receipts to credit of the maintenance account had beon £22,223 9s. 5d, and the expenditure £22,1412s. Id,, leaving a balance of £82 7s. 4d. in hand. We understand that 9,000 copies of the working man's handbijl entitled "Common Sense versus Legislation," whioh bo ably ex- poses the probable working of the proposed tariff, have been printed for circulation in Melbourne, besides 3,000 for the country. As a new article of export, we may mention that Mr. D. Wilson, of Franklin- street, North Melbourne, has j nat shipped a handsome double-seated buggy, on a new principle, and of colonial manufacture, on board the Wave of Light,r/or Mr. C. H. Bagot, of Roscommon, Ireland. The following list of applications for mining and mineral leases have bsen lodged with tho warden for the St. Andrew's division of the Castlemaino district during the last fortnight:-Griffiths and Kelt, thirty acres, Richmond-flat; Brown and Kenny, thirty acres, Richmond-flat ; Cutter and Picot, thirty acres, Richmond-flat ; Archer and Dalton, twenty acres, Caledonia diggings ; F. Harding and Co., 200 aoros, near Baw Baw Ranges ; Mattin, Horner, and Co., 200 acres, near Baw Baw Ranges; Sparks, Henty, and Co, 300 acres, near Baw Baw Ranges ; and J. D. Henderson, twenty fivo acre?, Emerald diggings. We have received from Mr. J. W. Bailliere a set of photographic illustrations of Tenny- son's Idylls of the King, designed by Miss Sennett, of Adelaide. Thoy are very skilfully designed and executed. Mr. and Mrs. Heino gava an entertainment fn presence of a select audience, at the Towa hall, Prahran, last evening. Tho programma was an attractive one, and the entertainment passed off very successfully. Mr. and Mre. Heine were supported on the occasion by Miss Julia Harland and Mr. Charles Stewart. A testimonial to Mr. Thomas Greenwood, J.P., the oldest member of the East Colling- wood Borough Council, was yesterday pre- sented by the latter body through Mr. Miles, mayor of the borough. A special public meeting was called for the purpose, at eleven o'clock, in the court-house, but owing to the early hour the attendance was not large; nearly all the council were, however, present. The mayor opened the proceedings by a speech, in which he made several hand- some allusions to Mr, Greenwood's labours for eight years past, and then presented to him a singularly-elegant solid silver salver, with an open-work frosted border of elaborate pattern and a chased centre. It bore the following inscriptions :-" Presented to Thomas Greenwood,, Esq., J.P.. by the mayor and councillors of this borough of East Collingwood, on behalf of the rate- payers, in recognition of the valuable services rendered by him as a member; of the munici- pal council during eight yours, in his zealous endeavour to promote the welfare of the dis- trict, and as a mark of respect, he having been appointed the first mayor.-Council chambers, January, 1865. Thomas Miles, Mayor." "Elected councillor at the first municipal election, October 8,1856 ; re-elected on the 6th October, 1858 ; resigned on the 15th December, 1859; and re-elected on the 24th January, 1860. Elected chairman on the 11th October, 1860; gazetted territorial magistrate on the 4th October, 1861; re elected chairman on the 20th January, 1863 ; and elected mayor on the 18th November, 1863." Mr. Greenwood replied very briefly, dwelling on the gratifying nature of the pre- sentation. For its intrinsic value, though great, he said he cared not one sixpence, but the good feeling it displayed was very grate ful, and he was glad to have the confidence of a district for which he had tried to do so much. His sole object since he was first elected to represent the interests of the flat had been to benefit East Collingwood, and for this he had been one of the best abused men in the place. He hoped now, however, that old scores would be wiped off; and he in- tended to transmit the valuable present made to him to his children and those who came after them. These remarks, which were loudly applauded, concluded the proceedings. Tho Ecrvlce in connexion with the opening of the next session of the Congregational College of Victoria was preached last even- ing, at the Congregational Church, Oxford street, Collingwood, by the Rev. John Graham. The congregation was very numerous. On Friday last a number of the Yarra boatmen, at the instigation of Mr. Burn, com- bined to provide conveyance by water to the Survey Paddock for the children of tho Mel- bourne Orphan Asylum. A plentiful supply of provisions awaited the little ones on their arrival, and a very delightful day was spent. MeEsrs. Hardman and Faulkner kindly volunteered to enliven the day with music iviolin and harp), and contributed much to the enjoyment. Mr. Ross, a gentleman residing on the Yarra bank, seeing the procession pass, hailed one of the boats and kindly supplemented the provisions with 200 or 300 pears. The nam.63 of the watermen who contributed their labour and tho use of their boats desorveto he [recorded. They were-Messrs. W. Burn and five Eons, H. Lawrence, Thomas Bryant, W. Goes, J. Parkins, and J. Brown. The annual meeting" of subscribí« to this insti- tution takes place to-day, at three p.m., at the Mechanics' Institution, and the children's annual festival aad distribution of prizes is appointed for Friday next. Contributions of looks, toys, or other presents suitable for children, are solicited by the superintendent, and any friends of the institution are invited to be present. \- The body of a man was found floating in the river, yesterday morning, near tho gas- works, and was taken to the Morgue for identification and inquest. Deceased is de- scribed as aged forty years, five feet six or seven inches in height, with dark hair and complexion. He was dressed in a black alpaca coat with corduroy trousers. No pro- I perty wns found on the body. Yesterday morning, as a cart containing a -man and three women was travelling to- wards Melbourne on the Flemington-road, the horse commenced kicking, and the cart turned over, throwing them all out. One of the women, a Mrs. Quinlan, residing at Moonee Ponds, became insensible, and is sup- posed to be seriously injured by concussion of the brain. The others are all more or less injured. An inquest was held yesterday at Fleming- ton, by the district coroner, upon the body of Thomas Maguire, who lost his life on Friday, by being jammed between a water-cart and a wall. Tho evidence showed that, on Friday last, deceased was taking some water to the houso of Mr. M'Klllop, at Flemington. He drovo np to the end of the house, then took the loreo from tho shafts, and commenced to take the water from one cask in the cart, and put it into a cask standing by the house. Somotime after be came to the bouse the ser- vant went out to get some water, when she saw deceased standing against the wall, jammed against it by the cart. She spoke to him, and he not answering, she approached closer, and saw that he was dead. An alarm was given, and two mon arrived and extri- cated the deceased. It was then found that deceased, by emptying one of the casks, had caused his cart to overbalance, and it having no piopstick behind, had tipped up and caught him against the wall. The jury re- turned a verdict of "Accidental Death." At the Fiixroy Police Court, yesterday, be- fore MeSBis. Harker, Princp, Halles, and Donovan, one William Harris, a bricklayer, was ordered to contribute to the maintenance of his children, of tho respective ages of tbrce and fivo years. A summons against Thos. Owens, for maintenance, was ad- journed for a week. The other owes disposed of were principally petty debts, and an order la one case was made for the imprisonment of the defendant for seven days, by reason of default. There was a long Bitting at the Sandridge Police Court yesterday, although the business li£t was a comparatively short one. The assessment case, the borough council against the Hobson's Bay Railway Company-tlio latter appealing against the amount at which Í they were rated- adjourned from the previous \ Thurtday, was proceeded with ; and although ;. the merits of tho case may be said to lie In a \ untthell, the investigation occupied some I lours. Both parties wore represented by coun \ Eel-Mr. C. A, Smyth appearing for the railway ^ company, and Mr. Harris for the borough !' council. In stating the case for the company, Mr. Smyth contended that there had dearly been an over-estimate of the rateable value of the property within the' limits of the borough of Sandridge, and that no matter on what principio tho valuators proceeded, the amount upon which tho company should havo been assessed was only some £2,600, instead of £4,028, the estlmato anived at on Í behalf of tho borough council, the amount actually charged against tho company being £210. It appeared to him that the valuators lad adopted tho ten per cent, dividend de- clared for the past year as the basis upon which the assessment was fixed ; hut no such course ought to havo been adopted. The only proper way of proceeding was to regard I the railway as they would do any other Worcrty, and estimóte what its value ttight lo to an incoming tenant. They should take the gross receipts of the company »or the year, ond after making deductions for »ntticst on the capital employed, for trade l'tofit?, for insurance, for the wear and tear « the permanent way, for the reproduction «na, and fix the amount upon which rates »etetobopaid. If they had done that, in «ead of apparently proceeding on an alto «ether erroneous principle, It would have been wund that the value of the rateable property 15k¡¡? tl10 brough was muob- nearor the r*-.!w than the £4,028 estimated by the jaiottton?. Mr. Harris, on the other hand, .«»Wended that the rate was fairly and pro KHyrnade, and that it in no way pressed J"û undue severity on the company. I^mongst tho witnesses for the borough knTr valuatora «»ti the town clerk; nan >berail,Tar'the secretary to thecom jj.,ff' Mr- Finlayson; the engineer, Mr. !£Tion; and others. After hearing the ovi BPM '.»the pt6Eidin8 magistrate, Mr. Call, C'j' beaded that the company had made r a «00<1 case for a reduction, and fixed the amount at £170. A man named Nicholas Thomson was brought up on two separate charges of theft. In the first place, he was accused of having stolen a lady's paletot, belonging to Miss Selina Ann Stretch ; and in tho next, with having appropriated a black dress coat, the property of Mr. George Bartleman, Burgeon, and a shepherd's tartan plaid, belonging to Mrs. Birtleman. It appeared that Mr. and Mrs. Bartleman and her sister, Miss Stretch, woro present at a latge party in the National School-room on the night of tho 13th of January. Miss Stretch left her cloak, and Mrs. Bartleman her plaid.in the ladies' dressing room, and Mr. Bartleman bad also occasion, in the course of the evening, to leave his dress coat in ono of the ante-room?. On leaving tbo party, Miss Stretch was unable to find her cloak, while Mrs. Bartleman missed her plaid,Mr. Bartle- man being equally unsuccessful in finding his coat. The prisoner was seen about tho premises on the evening in question, and the lost articles were subsequently found in his possession. A sentence of twelve months' impriEonmont-six for the first, and six for the second offence-was inflicted upon him. Alfred Stephens, a poor little neglected boy, waB sent for five years to tho Industrial School ; while a little girl, named Sarah Ann Brock, was sent to the same school for a period of three years. Yesterday, at the Prahran Police Conrfc, Luke Morrlco, Edward Brown, and Samuel Orton, were charged with stoaling fruit from the garden of Mr. England, in tho Orrong road, and also with assaulting the constable who detected them in the larceny. Morrice and Brown were sentenced by the Bench to pay a fine of £2, or suffer twenty-four days' imprisonment, for each offence, and Orton was discharged. An offender was fined 2s. Gd. and 2s. Gd. costs, for making nae of obsceno language ; and a drayman, for driving along the footpath, wnB fined 53. Several cases were dismissed, thero being no appearance for the prosecution. The mayor and Mr. J. Mason were tbo magistrates in attendance. At the Fiomington Police Court yester- day, befoto Messrs. J. T. Smith, P. Hig- gin?, T. Napier, P. M'Cracken, R, M'Cracken, P. Phelan, and D. Armstrong, Duncan M'Intjre, Thomas Sinclair, and Grace Sinclair, wore charged with assaulting Engrail Gonsales, alias Charles Nelson, on the 21st inst., at Essendon, with intent to do bodily harm. The same persons were also charged with rescuing a bDll from the said Charles Nelson while ho was taking it to the pound. Medical evidence boing pro- duced that the complainant was not suffi- ciently well to be in attendance, the case was remanded for seven dayp, bail being taken in the sum of £200, John Darmady waa charged with demanding and taking excessive toll at the Deep Creek toll-gate, on the 21st inst, from Mr. John H. Lydiard. The carriage in question was called a waggonette. The Bench decided, on looking at the carriage, in favour of complainant, and tho defendant was fined 5?. and £3 10s. costa. At the Geelong Police Court yesterday, James Denmark, recently a farmer at Point Henry, and now a licensed victualler in Gee- long, was charged with wilful and corrupt perjury. The charge arose out of a case of assault heard at the same police-court on the 25th instant, when one Anne Yelland, the wife of a farmer at Mount Duneed, swore that the defendant struck her severely over the shoulders several times with a whip. In his defence, Denmark swore he never struck Mrs. Yelland at all. This statement was the alleged perjury, for which he was summoned yesterday. Mrs. Yelland proved that the defendant did strike her, and that he swore he did not. Sergeant Morton, of the police, deposed to swearing the defendant, and to him swearing that he never struck the prosecutrix at all. Two lads, sons of the prosecutrix, corroborated their mother's testimony by swearing that Denmark struck their mother two or three times. An effort was made by Mr. Huggins, the defendant's solicitor, to cast discredit on the evidence of the prosecution ; but this signally failed, and the Bench committed him to take his trial at the next Circuit Court, on the 21st of February, but admitted him to bail-himself in £40, and two sureties of £20 each. By the Wonga Wonga we have Sydney papers to the 28th inst. A Goulburn tele- gram in the Herald of that date gives the following particulars of the late murderous exploit of Ben Hall's gang:-"Yesterday Hall's gang stuck up about thirty persons on the road, taking from them various amounts, from half-a crown to £11 12s. Twelve drays were stopped. The robbers broke open cases, took a little clothing, and a double-barrel gun. They drank bottled porter, and gave some to the people. Two watches were stolen, one horse, saddle, and bridle. Judge Moymot passed along the road just before, escorted by two troopers, Gilbert rode out from the bush, and Con- stable Gray gave chase, but was called back by the Judge. The police on reaching Col- lector were joined by two others, and, ac- companied by Mr. Voss and a magistrate, went in search of the bushrangers. After they had gone, Hall, Gilbert, and Dunn went into Collector and stuck up Kemberley's Inn, On this reaching the ears of the lock- up keeper, Samuel Nelson, who was the only policeman there, he took his carbine and went up towards Kemberley's. Dunn met him on the road, called upon him to stand, firing at the same Instant. Nelson cried out ' Stop,' and fell. Dunn fired again. Both shote took effect-one on the head or neck, the other in the heart. Nelson never spoke after receiving the second wound. After he committed this murder, Dunn went to Kem- berley's Inn, and the bushrangers left the township. Subsequently, the police sighted them on the brow of a hill and charged them. The bushrangers leaped their horses over logs, and made off, and were lost sight of, the even- ing being intensely dark. They abandoned a stolen horse. Mr. Voss held a magisterial inquiry on the body of Nelson last evening, and the coroner held an inquest to-day. Nel- son had been in the police force for some years, and was much respected. He leaves a wife and eight children. Two of his sons saw him shot-one was holding the bush- rangers' horses at the time." By tho Aldinga we have Adelaide files to | the 28th inst. The news has been antici- | patcd by telegraph. The latest, and not the least surprising, snake story of the Beason is recounted as fol- lows in tho Ballarat Star of yesterday :-"On Friday last a dog, belonging to Mr. Persse, of the Junction Hotel, Warrenheip, succeeded in killing a large snake, which, on being opened, waa found to contain the very large number (as wo aro informed) of sixty young ones. After killing the snake the dog became very uneasy, and made great exertions to vomit, which he at length succeeded in doing, the result being one of the young snakes, which had got down his throat by some means. The snake reappeared in quite a lively condition, and the dog seemed much relieved when he got rid of It." The Geelong Advertiser is responsible for the following story of a whale :-" On the 28th inst., as the cutter Spray was about twenty threo miles south by west from Cape Schanck, and about three o'clock in the afternoon, a large whale was seen spouting about two miles distant. Tho cntter wa3 under all soil, going about ten miles an hour. In about ten minutes after he was first seen, he broached about 250 yards ahoad of the vessel, and in a few moments after the whale rose right under the bowsprit, and the cutter went clear over him, those on board experiencing a slight shock as the little craft ovidontly had touched the monster, and who, to show hi3 contempt for her, threw up his flukes, as if to crush her for the insult. He Bhortly after this rose just off tho leo quarter, and lay almost motionless, allowing those on board to have a good look at him. He was a right or black whale, of about 100 barrels, and one of the largest whales seon in these waters for many yeors. The schooner suffered no damage from tho fish, but all on board seemed but too glad to get rid of his company." One of the most extraordinary whirlwinds (sayB tho Riverine Herald of Saturday) it has fallen to our lot to chronicle occurred yes- terday afternoon, about four o'clock. It came from the direction of the Campaspe, imme- diately behind the Echuca Hotel, and after committing serious devastation there, in the shape oi stripping the back verandah of sun- dry sheets of iron, passed between the Hall of Commerco and Mr. Shackell's private residence, crossed the Murray, making almost a clean breach through the river, and expended its fury on the New South Wales side. The column of dust, &c;, which accompanied it was something to be seen rather than to be believed. The Riverine Herald romarks that scarcely a week passes without the occurrence of some unpleasantness in connexion with the border duties, which usually arises on the part of the New South Wales authorities. It ia now two or threo weeks ago that a party of Germans, en route for New South Walep, were stopped at Moama, in conséquence of a pound of tobacco being discovered in their dray. Incredible as the fact may appear, they are encamped there yet, their horse and dray being seized and retained, pending the receipt of instructions from Sydney. Whether these instructions result in the return of the dray, &c;, to them or its confiscation, the loss of time and money will be equally vexatious. The great- est inconvenience too was experienced on Thursday, when, in consequence of the Go- vernment holiday, the conveyance of dutiable goods into New South Wales was entirely suspended. An inquest was held at Ballarat on Sunday, on the body of a child aged threo years, named John Holmes Atha, who was drowned in a water-cRBk Bunk in the yard of an hotel in Skipton-strect. It appeared that on the | previous afternoon the child was observed to I leave tho house, carrying a pannikin. In about five minutes, the child's cousin, Eliza Ann Haigh, wont ont for some water, and discovered that the boy had fallen into the cask, tho top of which stood a foot above ground. Sho gave the alarm as quickly as she could, and when the child was extricated ho waB found to be quite dead. It appeared that the cask was kept covered, but that the child, going for a drink, had lifted the lid, which had fallen upon him, and prevented any more than his head, shoulders, and body being immersed. The jury found that death had been accidentally caused by asphyxia, from drowning. Wo take from the Hobart Town Mer- cury the following account of a remark- able caso of suicide :-" We have been favoured by Mr. Chapman, of Port Esperance, with the following account of a most deter- mined snlcide by a man named William Cummings, in his employ. On Monday, the 10th inst., the man was at wotk as usual, but left about noon, complaining of being Blightly unwell, and on the morning of the next day the following notice, which we give verbatim et literatim, was found stuck upon the Bhutter of his window :-' Notis.-I am Soon About to find thee grand Secret Out By count- ing Suicide. I dont see enny porticlor cose to wish to live longer. If thar Is an existence After Natural life thee chango Will B for snperor, if I dont Return Within three dayes from this date Report it to thee constable. January lOtb, 1865. Wiliiasi CoMJmîGS.' On the following Fridiy the body of the deceased was found floating in the water, about h alf-a milo from his resi- dence, by Mr. and Mrs. Vaughan, and the probability is that he must have walked de- liberately into it on the Tuesday morning, or some time previously. An inquest was held before Dr. Daldy, coroner, and the jury re- turned a verdict of felo de se. Tho deceased was about forty-five years of age, and a steady woikmnn.'" The Deniliquin Clironicle, in an article strongly condemning the proposed Victorian tariff, makes tho following remarks :-" The consumption in a family of small income, of (fay) .tho nrtisan class, is about one pound of tea per week, and about two and a quarter hundredweight of sugar in the year. The re- lief of 3d. per lb. on tea and 3s. per owt. on EUgar would therefore amount to about 19s. 3d. The expenditure of the same family on those articles which aro to be subject to new duties is about £50 per annum, and, sup- posing tho price of the goods to be increased fifteen per cent, by them, they will have to pay about £7 10s. more for them. Though the Victorian revenue may receive much less than this, the artisan will really bo mulcted six times as much as under the old tariff. The population of this district will be sufferers in common with the larger portion of the Victorians, but they will receive no benefit in return. The people of Riverina must, it is evident, turn their ' attention more to Adelaide and less to Mel- bourne. A meeting was lately held at Went- worth, presided over by Mr. Hugh Jamison, to memorialize the Sonth Australian Govern- ment to recommence the work of clearing the Lower Murray. This was a wiso move, and we would counsel similar meetings in Deniliquin, Hay, and all the other townships up the Murray. There is no uso in looking to the Now South Wales authorities for any- thing, but it does not follow that because we are looking for, and will, no doubt, eventually obtain'a separate Government, that we should not, in the meantime, make every exertion to Improve our position." We are informed that Mr. O'Rourke, of the Brushy Creek, has at his own personal ex- pense erected a new bridge, 156ft. long by 18ft. wide, over the Upper Yarra, in the Yering District. Tho bridge is situated twelve miles beyond Brushy Creek, and is two miles only from the Now Chum Diggings. It is pretty certain that this will be found the most acceptable route to Emerald- hill and Wood's Point, as the bridge will enable every kind of traffic to be brought there with the utmost safety and care. By this route, lead- ing through Kew, White-horse-road, Brushy Creek, and Lillydale, Wood's Point will be reached in about 100 miles. An Adelaide papor indulges in the follow- ing piece of sarcasm at the expense of tho New South Wales Government:-"Gazette Extraordinary.- Bushrangla to wit. Whereas I, Ben Hal), havo captured and deposed the Right Hon. Sir John Young, Bart., K.O.B., formerly Her Majesty's representative in New South Wales, and I havo changed the name of tbo said deprived province to Bush rangia, and assumed the Government thereof: Now, therefore, I order and command all drivers and guards of Her Majesty's mails to deliver up* tho Bame upon demand to such officers as I may appoint. Given ander my baud and revolver this 1st November, 18C1, at Mudgee and Yass the same day. By com- mand, H. Vane, J. Gilbert, Joint Rangers." An editorial note is appended to this mock proclamation, which sais:-"Wo presume this notice sufficiently accounts for six mails having boen stuck-up in the last five days." The joke is of the mildest, but it serves to show tho wide-sproad contempt which the conduct of the New Sou'h Wales Govern- ment in reference to thes3 bushrangers has excited. Our advices from Mauritius are to the 17th December. The Madagascar correspondent of the Port Louis Commeieial Gaulle reports that the labour market in Tamatave still continncs in an anomalous and unsatisfactory state. "On the 24th November," adds the writer, " a shock of an earthquake was felt in Tamatave and its viciaity, producing an effect upon mo as though the bed was dancing nnder me, and the dishes and other articles npon the shelves rattled violontly. For some days previously the weatler had suddenly changed from clear hot weather to gloomy heavy weather, with rain Douring down in torrents, and a heavy sea which has con- tinued up to date." 