I ' — "VVell, tlie Tariff Bill has been at last sent to its final destination, in the Upper House, where no doubt it will meet with its deserts. It was introduced and read a first time, as a matter ot course, in the Logislativo Council last evening ; and tho second reading, to which stage, if wo were disposed to do the prophetic, we should say it will never reach, lias been fixed for this evening. Indeed tho Ministry seem to have taken special measures to prevent tlie Council agreeing to tho bill. As it originally stood and as it was read a second time in tho Assembly, the hill made no reforeneo to tho actions at law already disposed of, or now pending, in the Supremo Court, for tho recovery from tho Government of tho duties illegally exacted of importers, upon goods included in the Ministerial tariff, but not comprised in tho tariff as by law established at tho present time. But as soon as the prin ciple of the measure was affirmed in the Assembly' by means of the second read ing, the Ministry with their customary trickiness, introduced for the first time all , reference to tho actions in the Supreme Court to which wo have referral . Having mado sure of tho passing of tho oil, and having se cured the adhesion- of the Protectionists "pure and simple" in the corner, Mr. Hioinbothah and his colleagnos, with tho true dexterity of tho Old Bailey attor ney, then quiotly foisted into tho measure an addition to clauso_ 14, which if it had originally appeared in the hill might liavo caused somo demur on the part of those, who honestly _ dosiro to seo a Protectionist policy inaugu rated iu this country, and who do not want to see tho principle of a Protec tionist policy played falao with, nnd mado the mere instrument for scheming politi cians to use solely ns a means for main taining themselves indefinitely in tho pos session of plnco and pay. This addition so adroitly and trickily imported into clause 14 has for its object to disallow and annul all proceedings already brought, or to ho brought, in tho Supremo Court against tho Government, for tho recovery of thoj duties hitherto exneted, or to bo hereafter exacted, from importers, under the as yet non-legalised, and most probably nevor-to-ho legalised tariff of the M'CuLLOcn Ministry. Tho addition to clause 14 to which we refer is as follows, viz. : — " Whenever in any suit or action brought or to ho brought, to recover moneys here tofore paid, which moneys, if this Act had been passed and had come into operation on the said 20th day of January, in tho year of Our Lord, 18G5, might liavo been demanded and taken as and for duties under tho authority hereof, or brought or to be brought, for or on nccouut of any act, matter, or thing whatsoever, which if this Act had been passed and had come into operation on the said 20th day of January, in tho year of Our Lord, 1865, would have been authorised h', or might have been justified under this Act, or under this Act and tlie Customs Act 1S57,' a verdict has been or may ho given, or entered, for any petitioner or plaintiff, or any. interlocutory, or final judgment, order, or decree has been or may he given or signed, such verdict, judgment, order, or decree, .and all other proceedings in such suit or action may, and upon appli cation by or on behalf of oither of the parties to such suit or action, shall ho set aside and vacated by a Judge of tlie Su premo Court, in chambers, without costs of such suit or action, or of any proceed ing therein, or of tho said application to either of the parties." - When the subtle genius of "tho man, .of conscience" projected this interpolation in the text of tho hill as it originally stood, can human credulity ho stretched so far as to believe that ho expected tho Council would so utterly stultify itsolf as to pass the measuro with this provision embodied in it ? It is really taxing belief too much to suppose that tho mancouvroing Attorney-General expected anything of the kind. On tho contrary, it is plain he desired to make tho measure such a com plete stumbling block in tho pathway of the Council, — he wished to make it near so conspicuously upon its front, its offen- siveness and its repugnance to all that the Council sought to accomplish for tho common good of tho whole community, that he would give the measuro not tho remotest chance of its over becoming law at tho hands of tho members ot the Upper House. His involved and wily schemes have for their object, not to in troduce a policy of Protection into this country, but, in tho first placo, to make a demonstrative show of a desire to gratify the popular aspira tions and wants in this respect, and in the next place to bring out prominently before the public _ eye the spectacle of himself and his Ministry being frustratad in this popular purposo by the obstruc- tiveness of the Legislative Council. Ho would not give tho Council ' the least chance of passing the hill. And unto that oad, he interpolates in a manner; which we had almost stigmatised as clandestine, a provision, which as a matter of honour quite as much as a matter of policy, tho Council could not by any possibility assent to. In a word he insures the re jection of the bill by this interpolation alone. And then when it is thrown out, ho means to turn round to the gaping crowd, who have hitherto swallowed all his " dodges" without hesitation, and say look here, the obstructionists have as usual rejected tho measure of fiscal reform, upon which tho people had set their hearts,— and all because it was a measure of that popular character. But never mind. We, the M'Culloch Ministry, will fight your battles unto the end, which will he ultimately success ful. ...Only, let the crowd stand "by us, and keep- the Assembly up to tho proper voting pitch, that will sustain us in power; 'and all will yet go well." This is the move — the latest' move of the. adroit place-holders who form the charmed Ministerial circle round their wooden chief, King Log M'Cuilocii. But what does it behove the Council to do in presence of these Old Bailey tactics of the Ministry ? Tho Council can afford to look down with pitying contempt on these paltry tricks of the place-holders. And at the same time it has before it a plain duty to perform to the public wel- faro and character of the country, to tlie Council's own reputation, and to tho just interests of the men, who have come for ward and with great courage and at vast expense successfully contested, in the Supreme Court, tho daring illegalities of the Ministry in tho matter of tho unlaw fully exacted Customs duties. That complex and imperative duty on- joins upon the Council to throw out the Tariff Bill, without reference to and in the utter contempt of, the shabby manoeuvres of tho M'Cult,octt Ministrv to create political capital for themselves, in the goodwill of " the purloins" and of tho other regions of " outer darkness," through the medium of the rejection of the tariff. Whether Mr. M'Cuilocii and his collongues succeed, or not, in their iniserahlo speculation of chaining the un thinking throng more closely than ever to their Juggernaut car, by their " ingenious device" of insuring the rejection of tho tariff — whatever mako-bclieve denuncia tions may he fulminated against the Council for boldly and at onco flinging that piece of legislative hypocrisy into its proper destination, viz., the waste- paper basket, — the plain cogent obligation that rests upon the Upper IIouso is to squelch tho contemptible production, and show tho community at largo that it has tho courage to do what it believes to he right and best for tho country, no matter what falseinterpretationintcrestedand scheming tricksters may endeavour to put upon its conduct. Tho motto of the Council in this matter must ho Fiat justitia, ruat caslum. .. "Caved in" at last! Such lias been the cry during a whole week ; caved in— likis a rotten treacherous drive, or a crumbling and deceitful shaft, that collapses, and buries beneath the rubbish, the wbolo gang and company, of ignorant and con ceited speculators. They have often been warned of their danger, by experienced miners. But they are too self-willed, and too arrogant, to listen ; and the only re turn their best friends got from thom was, to ho reviled and abused for. their olli- ciousness. Siieh accidents may, indeed,"- happen to most skilful and 'careful men. But what shall we say, when tho men themselves cavo in; but that tho rotten ness and deceitfulncss must still ho in tho nature of the materials, that collapse, and in the dishonest and ricketty framework of the policy, with which they havo propped and slabbed themselves round. But thcro they lie ; under the ruins of their own excavation ; — " in tho holo of tho pit which their own hands havo digged." It was always so with tho wicked ; and they get very little com miseration ; although tliero aro a few humane people, among tho fossickcrs looking on, who would fain try to extricate them. Somo fccblo cries may be heard, and they may struggle a littlo longer ; hut their doom is settled, and tho best thing we can do is to leave them as they lie, and to turn their grave into a monument ; which will need no inscription, for the tradition of their folly will never perish. But it was no honest mining they were engaged in ; though it was deep sinking and, certainly, down upon tlie gutter. It was rather that of Guy Fawkes — whoso yet unravelled story tho boys have just been celebrating — and who, like our Ministers, was found under the Parliament Houses, with his dark lan tern in his hand — that conscience of his, which afterwards lighted him to tho scaf fold—and preparing to blow up tho Con stitution. But, with this difference, — that, when asked by a Highland noble man in the council, what was tho object of tho conspirators — " To blow you Scotch beggars hack to your native mountains," was tho reply of tlie dauntless hut mis guided Englishman; a design, however patriotic and magnanimous that scowling incendiary may have thought it, that could scarcely have come from the present Ministry. But there they nre, — un happy, defeated, and degraded men ; after all tho vapouring and hectoring, the struggling and floundering, of the last nine months — too long for tho gestation of such a mouse — condemned to stand iu a row and swallow tho leek, and that in the presence of the silly dupes whom they had promised to lead to victory. And so lot them eat it ; and digest it if tlioy can, to the Inst fibre ; if tlie deglutition does not choke them, in the first effort. . But what does all this mean ? says a friend— the Dismal Jemmy of diurnal criticism ; wlmt aro you driving at your selves P What information or instruction or argument are you conveying to your readers? Much, every way ; for wo have put fraud and intrigue and selfishness and obstinacy into an apologue ; and wo have depicted an " organised hypocrisy" dig ging its own grave and acting as its own undertaker. And, when the wicked perish, is nothing to he conceded to a pious exul tation ? As if, when David. had brained his giant, lie should hnvo been censured for not leaving his head upon his shoul ders. As if the triumph over the Philis tines were not, ia itself, a part of the edu cation, as well as tho safety and glory of tho people. But let us hear, first of all, what tho Ministers liav.o to say themselves, in denial of the fact that they are beaten, at the very moment that they are march ing through the Caudine Forks ; or, to give a more modern illustration, — after they havo thrown up tho sponge, and tho poor, battered Minister is being sluiced, and drenched with cold water, by tho hands of his own hackers. But let us give Mr. Graiiam Beiiky all due nraise. His speech was logical and convincing ; telling, formidably nnd conclusively, against the weak sophistry of the Attor ney-General ; and most damnatorv of those false and hollow-liearted Pro tectionists who havo turned upon him, like Balaam's ass— though not with his intelligence — tho moment they found that ho was not going the ' way they wished to carry him. The difference being that, in this "cnco, the prophet was right, and that the ass was wrong, only because ho was following out the instincts of his own nature. Nothing could ho more stun ning than the way in whichhedcmonstrated that, in taking tho course proposed by the Government, "the House would he stultifying itself a process which some persons think quite superfluous, — as it would be to paint tho Ethiopian black, or to augment his fragrance. He reminded the Treasurer of his taunt, on tho 3rd of October, when He challenged. " those honourable members who wished' to draw hack, to speak out." Who, then, is now playing the part of the coward and the fugitive, after having swaggered as tho bully and' tho bragadoccio ? Then came that excruciating piece of torture, inflicted on the Minister of Justice, iu the quotation of that little hit of bombast, about " that groat Englishman, John .Hampden." As if Jonx Hampden could not he allowed to rest in his grave,; without being disturbed by a pettifogging lawyer, wishing to borrow his shroud, or ;to get the loan of his iron breeches. And ,for what purpose ; but to play the ghost iof a patriot in the ministerial farce ?_ But 'it won't do. People are now beginning to find out nil the impostures, intellectual as well as political ; and it would bo as muclu in character for some people to talk about Jack Cade, or Jack Straw, or Jack the Painter, — or any other . Jack-a- Napes ho might think of at the moment — as to play body-snatcher to John Hampden, nnd hawk him about;' as the Now Zenlandors do their patriots, till it is time to eat them. Mr. IIioinbotham's speech was pitiful and pitiable ; an appeal to commiseration 1 throughout ; and an expression of amaze ment, that seemed unaffected, at anyone being guilty of " tho impropriety of assert ing that the conduct of the Government was indecent, and even, calling it a dodge.' " But lie " frankly confesses that 'the judgments in the Supremo Court havo had something to do with the1 cnange, — tiiat aeatn-ulce pallor and tum bling at the sheets, hut no " babbling of green fields " as yet — that has come over the Ministry. A few convulsions shook him, when lie broke out — libcllously, for privilego in Parliament ; rancorously and unjustly, anywhere— when he charged somo of tho merchants with " robbery on a gigantic scale," and threatened " by., every means the law allowed, to hinder — delay — 'Obstruct — and upset— tho " — not the actions, but tho " judgments.". That is, tho judgments given in the Supreme Court ; after tho facts have been found by juries, and tho law determined by tho judges ; and all in tho Queen's name, by that law, of which Englishmen have imbibed voneration with their mother's milk ; of which this gen tleman has held himself out to be tho supremo guardian and -custodian, in this colony; and which alono gives him the. power, the position, or the means, for in dulging this spirit of revenge— the gloomy and misanthropic revenge of a monk, who invokes perdition on thoso whom he cannot reach with his own hands. But wo must pause here, without at tempting to predict" tho result of these movements. It is "(the beginning of the end," and will, no doubt, pavo tho way to the establishment of a Protectionist Mi nistry, that will, at least, be honest ; and will truly represent .something beyond themselves, their quarter's salary, and the obscono exposures now made, in tho " struggle for existence." Even Free traders acknowledge this ; and they will act neither generousjy nor wisely, it' they throw any impediment in tho . way, of .what now seems inevitable, and irresis tible. 1 In (he Legislative Assembly yesterday atten tion was called to the manner in -which"' tbe 'Government had in Committee Introduced impor tant amendments in the Tariff 'iiUl, without notice, and alter a number of hoa. members tm4 left the Cbatnbor. Mr. Iliginbotham justified the course which had been pursued by saying that such pruotlce was of everyday occurrence, and that nottco had been given ia the speeches on the introduction of the bill. The Speaker was several times appealed to, but he ruled the discussion out of order, as tbe measure had been already dealt with. Tho Tariff Bill was, yesterday, introduced into tho Legislative Council, and read a first time without discussion. The second rending was fixed for this day, when the Council meet at 4 o'clock instead of half-past, as Is ordinarily the custom. The Legislative Assembly, at Its rising yes terday, adjourned until Tuesday next. The lion. Mr. Eraser, M.L.C., yesterday moved, in the Legislative Council, that leave should be granted to the lion. Mr. Turnbull, the member for tbe East Province, to enter the House. Tho lion, member it will be remem bered was adjudged guilty of contempt, in February last, for proceeding to England, nnd leaving his duties in the Houso without asking leave. Mr. Eraser stated tlint if (ho hon. mem ber entered tbe House without permission it would be the duty of the President to place him in tho custody of tlie usher. Mr. Turnbull was allowed to cuter the House and apologise, nftcr which he retired. Tbe Council tiicn accepted the apology, and the hon. member woe re admitted and took liLs sent. In accordance with the provisions of the Municlpnl Act, tlie various horcugh cunclls, road boards, ami shire councils met at noon yes- tcrdey, nnd elected their mayors nnd chairmen for the ensuing 12 months. In the suburbs, Mr. Born WB3 elected Mayor of Fitzroy, Mr. Noone in East Coiilogwood, Mr. Bosisto rc-clccted in Richmond, Mr. Carroll In Hothnm, Mr. Ford in St. Kildn, Mr. Snowball re-elected in Prnhran, .Mr. Thomas In Samlridge, Mr. Roy in Emcrn'd Ilill, Mr. Bragge in Ilnwtliorn, Mr. Francis in Footscray, Mr. Courtis in V/llliamstown, Mr. Stovcnson in Essendon nnd Flemlngton, Mr. Steven«on in Kew, Mr. Crisp in Brighton, and Mr. Stranger in Brunswick. Castlemaino was yesterday the scene of the National Show of Agricultural Implements nnd Farm Produce held there this year, under the auspices of the Board of Agiiculture. The principal attractions will be exhibited to-day, when all tlie stock will be shown; yesterday being merely the day for the horticultural nnd! machine departments. The proceedings will be found reported in another column. The upper storey of the Imolvent Court, In Lonsdale street, Is ti be made available for Equity offices, nnd arrangements arc now being made for providing the necessary accommoda tion. Tbe Criminal Sessions commenced yesterday, before Mr. Justice Molcsworth. The principal' case of interest tried was that of Robert D.: Garland, a lawyer's clerk, who was accused of forging and uttering a cheque on tlie Colonial Bank, for L210. Tiie offence was said to have been committed shortly before or shortly after. 11 o'clock on tbe morning of the 30th September! last, but the prisoner, who defended himself, succeeded In cstabllshlug an alibi, and the jury ncquittcd him. He will, liowtver, bo tried for forging anethcr cheque on tho Bank of Aus tralasia. James Thomas, who is In custody on sus picion of being concerned in the murder of Selby nnd Bennett, at Carr's Plains, in November, 1863\. was brouodit un before the Stawcll Bench on Monday lost, on remand from Echucn. A remand was applied for that witnesses might be produced for the identification of tlie prisoner, who denied that ho hod ever been iu that district before ; lie lind not been able to ascertain when the murder of which lie was iicuses! was com mitted, or lie would have been able to get proof as- to where he was at that time. , lie believed he was at M'Laren's near Deuiliquio. The Police Magistrate said that every facility should he available to him for getting witnesses to provo where lie was at that time, and remanded him. Tne inquest en tbc body of tbe male child found on Friday last in a yard attached to Mr. Plqck's premises, at the corner of Collins and King street, was resumed yesterday by Dr. Youl, city coroner. No additional fight was thrown upon tho matter. Detective White stated Hint lie had been engaged In the case, nnd had endeavoured to find out . its parents, but without success. The jury returned a. verdict of wilful murder against some person or persons unknown. The South Australian Government have notified to the Imperial authorities that the mail contract will be withdrawn on the shortest pos sible notice. The irregularity with which, tlie mails have nrtived under the existing contract is complained of. , i The Riverine Herald regrets to havo to record another fatal accident and death by drowning In the Murray. Tho victim In this instance was a fine little boy oHivc years of age,' the son ot Mr. Freeman, the cndlal manufac turer at Moanm. It seems that the poor little fellow was crossing the pontoon bridge on Mon day evening, on his way from school with his brother, when he -fell 'in; and; was" Immediately, hurried away by tlie current, and snuk. before aid could arrive. His mother was at the punt bouse at the time, and her distrpcs was most sor rowful to witness. Every. attempt v'ns'made at the lime, aud all day yesterday, to recover the" body, but It has not yet been found.' ' - > i " Tho prospects of the wool clip this year aro auythiug but cheering," observes the Ararat ; Advertiser; " We are Informed that there is fully an average deficiency of Goz. of wool on each sheep throughout the district, while the' decrease from disease, poverty, and other causes will considerably exceed tlie iucreBSO. On some ;of the stations tbc losses from want of food and badly- watered country reach to thousands," while in many cases there -la not nearly enough water to supply the wants cf half of the flocks. This cannot be wondered nt, when it Is remembered thnt iu some portions of tlie Wimmera district no rain of any consequence lias fallen for the last 12 months. The grats is described as being reduced to little else than dust, and no herbage can bo .expscieu tui inn rams oi anomcr season sot. in. 'We know of two gentlemen. who commenced sheep-farming last year with 2700 sheep, and who at the . present time arc unnbto to muster mora than one-half of this number. The severity of the season, .it is thought, will compel squatters to retrench their expenditure. by decreasing the number of their servants, as much ma it is pos sible to do end work their stotions, so that It Is' .unfortunately not impfobab'.e that a large num ber of inen will bo out of employment." , " The bonks In Gcelong are about to commence gold buying. The Register mentions " Tito deputation appointed by tho Traders' and Citizens' Assoeialion, to ascertain if either of the banks in Geelong would undertake the purchase of go'd, have been succcs-ful witli tlie first they called ou— the Bank ' of Victoria. Tito ' other institutions, no doubt, will also enter the field ns buyers, so that, with a l.ttie friendly competi tion, Geelong may become na good n market to the: miner as ooy In the colony, and, its n natural eoneequenee, tho .trade 'and commeicc' of the place will .receive additional encouragement. With .Important goldfields ss near to Geelong aB Steigli'z, Rokewood, etc, It is a wonder. that this step lias not been taken long since." , a ieanui tragedy occurred in the Chinese camp, nt tho Emu, on V. onilay morning. The following particulars arc given by the Majorca Independent : — -" A Chinese storekeeper named All Poo had been bail for another Chinaman named Ah Young, who was brought up on re- raamUt thoJUsjorca Police Court, on Friday last, on a charge of vagrancy, and afterwards discharged. "Ah Young entered the store of Ah. Ibio.jvljeiLllie. latter asked him lor L2, ex penses incurred when standing bail for him. A't bis Ah Young became enraged, and producing a loaded pistol intending to shoot AK Poo, who inraadlately "rushed from tbe 'store, followed by his antagonist, who, after chasing him from place to pince, at last came upi with him, when n desperate struggle ensued ; during the encounter tho pistol went off, and tbe Chinaman iu pursuit was shot in the nbdomen. Dr. M'Bwnn, of Majorca, was immediately sent for, and rendered all the aid he possibly could to Ah Young, but iound the wound of so dangerous a nature that he considered it necessary to have him conveyed to the Amherst Hospital. Tbc Chinese store keeper was taken Into custody, and conveyod to the Talbot lcck- up, there to await an Investiga tion. Tho Chinese Interpreter at Avoca has been telegraphed for, and it is expected that the case will come on for hearing to-day, at Talbot. Great sympathy is expressed for the man in custody, as it Is generally believed that the pistol went off by nccidont. Dr. M'Ewen says that it is impossible for All Young to recover." In the case of Booker v. Fox, henrd at the Kyncton County Court on Tucsdoy, a ques tion arose, remarks tho Guardian, as to tho validity ot tbe regulations issued by tho Board of Land nnd Works, respecting certificates to select land. Tbc act of 18G2 requires that tbe party who shall receive a certificate must be seized at law of tho property before the 18th June, 18G2. In this instance Fox, the defendnnt, had been seized of the land in March, 18G2, and Mr. Booker, as n certifying solicitor, lind certified accordingly, but through the Board of Land and Works having made a regulation, rendering re gistration before June, 1862, necessary, and this not having been done in Fox's case, the Board of Land and Works refused to grnnt Fox's certiBcate. It was argued by Mr. O'Loghlin, for tho plaintiff, that the board bad no autho rity to make a peculation more stringent than the act, and his Honour J udge Forbes seemed to hold witli hira, but tlie case was not decided on this point, but nonsuited through it being proved that Fox gave no Instructions to prepare tho certificate. An nccidont which occurred on Tuesday at Campbell's Creek, ought, says the M . A. Mail, to act as a caution to parents who allow their children to trundle hoops ou the public road. A hard-working wood-carter, named Durham, while following his colling was thrown from his dray and seriously Injured by ids horsfl shying; through a hoop becoming entangled with bis legs. The unfortunate man was conveyed to the Castlemninc Hospital, but the" extent of in jury received is not yet known. Through tlie exertions of Detectives Black, Ennis, aud Jennings, about L30J worth of jewellery which it is alleged formed a portion of the proceeds of a robbery committed at the shop! of Mr. Slater, jeweller, at Rockhatupton, about four months since, hns been seized. A man' known to tlie police ns Anthony Wrench, nlias; Trnfibrd, alias Roberts, and ns a most accom- p'islicd housebreaker, was charged before the, City Magistrates, jesterday morning, with being i the depredator, nnd Mary A. Roberts and Cathc-j rino Scott were brought upas receivers. The' prisoner had been arrested in Webb street, Fitz roy, and the jewellery recovered corresponded, most minutely witli that described iu the; Queensland Police Gazette as having been tioleu from Mr. Slater's on the 21st of July Inst. , The male prisoner stated that tbc property was: his own, nnd that anything found with I lie female prisoners bad been given to tliem by lilm. The ; Bench remanded the prisoner with his com-, pontons for seven days. A discovery which would seem to indicate a somewhat considerable robbery of gold from a milling company is reported to the of. A. Mail by a correspondent iu the following terms : — " There was found under tlie Sheriffs Bridge and brought to my shop on Frhlny last an iron dipper. Tbe boy who found it thought thnt it might belong to our crushing mnchine. On examining It, I found a considerable quantity of cold adherinir to the bottom of It. and I con- cluded that thcro could not have been less than 40oz. or SOoz. of gold in tho dipper when in a fluid state. I have reason to believe that a robbery on some machine or company lias been perpetrated on rather n large scale, and I in tended to hnve handed it over to the police authorities for investigation, but tbe boy who left it called and took it. away last night. I have since discovered that it was left at Mr. Edwards' gold office, where it may bo seen. The fact of any person attempting to smelt gold by so rude a process excites suspicion." Three youths, named respectively James Ronaidson; William Miller nail Thomas Smith, appeared «n remand yesterday before the City Court, to answer to a charge of assault nnd rob bery which had been preferred against them by another youngster, nsmtd Thomas J. Strutt. The facts of the case aro briefly tliJse. Strutt was going down Bourke street about half-post 12 o'clock on the night of Thursday last, when lie was knocked down by Ronaidson, who, 'in conjunction witli bis companions, followed hlra up a right-of-way near tlie Gin Palace, nnd after assaulting him tilt he became' insensible, robbed biin of his' packet-book, 'which, however, only contnined'a letter, somo pencils, and 2d. In coppers. The : prisoners . were committed for trial. , An old man, who, according to the Haylrsfoi d Mercury, has scon many changes of torlune — from moving in literary society with Sydney Smith, Jeffrey and Brougham, ' to being the : elected king of a tribe of Australian aboriginals — and who hns latterly- gnlocil a precarious -living by splitting wood for residents in Dnyles ford, B now lying in an utter state of destitution in a but at Stoney Creek. He was ouce a cap tain in the Brifish nriny, nvd he Is a man, of high scientific and literary attainments — nt lenst so .we nro informed upon good authority. His case ,is one that deserves Investigation by our local Benevolent Society. Mr. Hodge or Mr. Mne- pliail will afford further particulars of it to the benevolently-disposed. A dressmaker named Eliza Cooper, residing off Charles street, Prahrnn, was. arrested at St. Kildn, on Tuesday evening, by Constable Maguire, on a charge of stealing a watch, chain, nnd scarf-pin from Air. Thomas Burr, engineer, Hotbain, whilst lie was asking her tho way to .the Prahran Railway- station, on the evening of ,tlio Gib lust She was yesterday brought before, tho lion. Alex. Eraser, M.L.C., utSt. Kildn, and r.marded till Friday next lor the production of evidence. Cn'cs for the recovery of mining calls, says the BBllunrat btar, hnve of late come, very frequently, before the District Police Court, 'and a large number were heard in tbe court, on Tuesday." In several ueicnueu .cases curious revelations ;wcre' made as to tha- starting and wotking of one or more of the companies. In the case of !one com--, I'sny, in which the official ngcut ires suing an unfortunate shareholder for contributions, it was . alleged that- the compnuy never existed except on paper, that it never possessed even a windlass or a wheelbarrow, apd that la the face of Its being a noneutity, and. although no work hud been done, a considerable sutn of money was en deavoured to bs called up; . Tho. money was, required to wind up tho compauy's. affairs, as it appeared it bail died before it'hac! well nigh been ushered into existence, but as all the proofs re quisite to fix tlie liability of tbe shareholders were not forthcoming, tbe case was postponed. Tlie following extraordinary paragraph was furnished to tbe M. A . Mail by a correspondent, for , whose reliability that Journal ' vouches : — f A pup belonging to Sir. Peter, Ferrie, Five Flags, yesterday came to life with a well-defined tail growing from tlie centre of its forehead. There is also a small hole . a little above the tail, wlijch has; ;the appenranco ' of ' nti eye. The animal in ail other respects is perfectly, made." . , . . , ..., . ., I Pleasant Creek end tho neighbourhood bias again been unfortunate, according to tho Ararat Advertiser, in- not being favoured with-. the- heavy rains that fell further to tho southward on- Saturday and , Sunday last. There were a few refreshing showers on Snlurdny night, but tboy were quite insufficient to briieilt'the crops in tlie district, or to supply tbe almost exhausted dams with water required for mining and domestic purposes.!" '! ' An extraordinary escapo from dentil is reported- by tho- Btnditjo Independent-.— "About 8 o'clock on Monday evening, Mr. Jobn Hunter, of the Melbourne store, Epsom, who bad been for some days carefully watched by his friends, In consequence of some mental hallucinations, mannged to elude their vigilance. A search was immediately instituted, and between 4 nnd 5 o'clock tho following morning bo was discovered at tbe bottom of a siinft 50ft. deop, close to the store. Externally there were no marks of injury, aud Mr. Hunter's manner did not Indicate that he was anything: the worse of the fall. though Dr. Cheyne, who was sent for wm „» opinion that he bad suffered some Internal iDW It Is eupposcd that a quantity of mud aud It,,' lu tho bottom of tbo shaft saved Mr Runt from more serious injury." ' ' Our files from Hobart Town and Launc«inn are to the 13tli and 14th inst. respectively drought broke up on Saturday Inst, rain f„|i n to such an extent thnt tho Mercury states tin, even should no mora rain be experienced tit. country can bear a large amount of dry weather : A number cf unemployed recently nonllM througli a deputation, to tho Government for ' work, and it has been announced that omri, i ment will be given to every man not in work I the public works, at a wage of 5s. per day . i man named Charles Frost has been commits i for trial on a charge of murdering a Wom named Margaret Jackson, at Hamilton n. 1 necessity of preserving the young salmon fram f tbe immenso number of birds of prey that B i gregato upon tho banks of tbo Derwent aoS I along tho course of tbe Laelilau, is attraciin. ' considerable attention. & I With reference to tbo Glenorcliy murdm i! the Tasmanian Herald has the following " Wo understand that there have been no me7 1 lngs ot tlie Executive Council in ' reference to U r fate of tho condemned . criminal Wi|liam ' Griffiths, in consequence of the continued ab ! sence of his Excellency the Governor in tho North Nor is It known fsr certain when hU $ Excellency will return to town. The fsteoftbs criminal for tbe murders at Glenorcby therefore ' remains unknown, as tlie death warrant has to ' be signed by tho Governor. Grlfliiln is stt|i closely watched in tho condemned ceil and ,» I. dilllgently attended by the Veu. Archdeacon, and at intervals by the Revs. Hudspeth and Bromby. Up to Saturday last tlie oiminal bad made no absolute confessiou of -.lie murders nor iu ail probability will lie do so until be finds there is no hope held out against the law taking its course." " f; The character of somo of tbo "travellers" who are now wauderiog about stations and houses iu tlie bush, says tlie Ararat AdeertUer ' is sufficiently suspicious to cause in manv cara much alarm to those who through distance front any habitation, or by reason of the smalluess ot their establishment, may find themselves at tha mercy of a gang of these prowlers. Not long ago, a lady who resides on a small siatiou not far f fram Pleasant Creek, was scared train her home by a parly of these meu who were camping in the neighbourhood of her house. She took with her her three Infant children, purposing to reach f a house where she could obtain shelter and pro- f' teelion some distance away, but, unf.irtuoaielv Ci she got lost in the bush, nnd wandered about all tbe night before reaching tlie piaee for which she started. After resting and refreshing her- j,' self, she was escorted back to tier haute again but when she arrived, she found that tlie tcoun- I drels who bad scared her away bad ransacked the place, and taken with tliem every tkiug that f was valuable. f " Arrah-na-Pogue," since its production at f tho Theatre Royal, has drawn pood houses, | Upon each repetition the drama plays even more r smoothly than upon the opening night, while the | beautiful scenery becomes more admired. f.' The drama of " Rob Hoy," with Lady Don as | Francis Osbnldiston, Mrs. Hill as Helen Mac- I gregor, and Mr. Milne as tlie Baillie, succeeded F the burlesque of " Mazourka" at the Ilaymarket | Theatre last night. | 