ÏÀNCY DRESS BALI¿-8YDNEY HEBREW f . -SCHOOLS '?". - . .-, Ik Fanci Dress Boll, m aid of tho Sydney Hobrow School, took placo labt night in tho Hall of tho Exchange Tho success that attended tho recent fancy dress ball for tho School of Industry, doubtless suggested tho repetition of llio diversion on behalf ot tho Sydney Hobrow Sohool, it berne thought that an entertainment of that character would gratify a largo number of tho snpportors ofthat institution, and that it would at tho samo time obtain tho Dtttrcrsgo of othor sections of tho community. The result must iinvo moro than satisfied tho expectations of tho committee who managed tho affair, as tho attendance was very .numerous, and there was a fine display of gay and handsomo costumes- considerably moro than tho hnlf of tho company appearing in fanoy drosses Tho selection of characters assumed exhibited an extensivo vnrietv, different ponods of history and different countries being represented Somo of tho drossos attracted by their chastened nnd simplicity, nnd others by tboir richness and adornment, wlulo othcis ngain caused constant nmusomont iv their oddity and quaintnoss The) qombinotion of incon- gruous characters, as tlioy promonaded round tho ball room or miiifelcel in tho uioiy dance, had a v cry strango and grotesque appearance Amongst (ho characters that attracted ibo greatest nôticû were-Tho Ghost, Mophistophilcs, Paul Pn, the l'cifect Cure, and Richard the Third Ibo lnrt,e hall which was dovoted to dancing had been inslcfulli ilcLoratcd for the occasion, under the direction of jlr W II Walker, Tho sides of tho hall w ero hung w ith the flags of nil nations and with Consular flags Tho pillars .ftcrcfctooncd with National flags, and tho centre of tho ceiling v\ np festooned with wreathing crossed with over greens nnd flowers At the western end of tha room tho Jiojol Slnndoid, tho Union Jack, and the DnniBh Standards, formed a marquee, with tho Hobrow school fing ia the celitrf Conspicuous at tho western end was the Hojal Coof of Arma, surroundod bj tho flags of all nations Among tho wilora present were-Lord John la)lour, (io Cole mai betrolaiy, the Minister for Lunds, Captain TorkTii, and the Officers of H M S Falcon, Officers of the 12th Regiment, Captain Carro, and fbo Officers of H IM S Go7cllo, Mayor of Sydney, and ttvcrnl Members of tho Legislativo Assombly The refreshments, which wcro of oxcellont qunhtj, wcro supplied by M Oompognoni D incing commoncod soon after nine'o clock, to tho music of Herr Appel's Gorman land, and was kept up till nn advanced hour of tho morning The arrangements made bj the committee wore ver) complete, and nothing occurred to interioro with the efiiwbs or with the cojoyment of tho Ball Iho following list of tho nnmos and costumes vas ob- tained from the cards giv cn nt the door - * ' Mr Anderson, Swedish lieutenant, K A Miss Andel son, Neapolitan rcisant . » , Mk< Ailier, I nd>, reign George II 1 Mi« AMier. Ceres Mr It Anderson, Touchstone Mr li Hillls, Gentleman, Unie of Charles II Mr li Hendon, Charles of Spain ' Mi s llrod/lnk, Bride of Lammermoor Mrs Ifotl/iak Kate Auhrcj I * Jlr 116 «lev, Turk r r Miss Ihnks, Arhnc -, , \ , ^ .Mr Hank«, Volunteer , , W Broomfield. Chinese Mandarin l Mrs Broomfield, Court I ady, George II Mr Bedford, Neapolitan ' Mr Bongan, Ofllccr t ii. ' Mr Btirnct, Don Jose / ICss Barnet Ladv, ícign O cor ne II Mr lion n 1 lrcninn anel M ntcrmnn í \ . t> Mr Iluttti, Mrm-o'-w-ir IjuI V Mrs Bniisgrovc, Nniud Queen Mr lliihlell Greek Mr 11 Hiddell, Highlimlcr Mr? Birncistlc, Circnssnn Lady Minter I rodzlak ltobert Audley Mr Bruillon, D Artngnan i I Mrs Baar, Gemían Lad) Mr B Coben, lieutenant Mb. Mexican Oh-isscnrg I i Mrs 11 Cohen, Madame ile Stool r . ^ Mrs S Cohen, Grcciin lndy , * Mr 1- ]) Crcgo, Knight of Arva ' 1 Mrs Crabb, Countess of Rutland Mrs Cninpton, Lalla Itookh Mrs Davis I mir Audley Mr J Dolen, Spanish Brigand Mr J Daws, loluntcer Mr J, J Davis, Sergeant of Artillery Jlr De Jongli, Jockey ' ' t Tin 1 Di cr, Sp-inish dancer Mr Dcloitle, Turk ' Mr ldwnid«, Follio ! i ' Mr A I lfdier, Corsicnn Mi«s Garrett, Aurora ¡ r "St Gardm,'volunteer « i Miss Gnftlths, 1 rening Star , Mr It M. Gnjden, Hcnr) VIII ' Mr" J G ITnrdes, Spanish brigand / , t Mr Hardv ick, Grenndier .Mr Iliyden Bachelor of Arts , ¡Mrs J G Hanks, Norma ' ?Miss lle-ath, Queen Anne ' Mr Houston, Florentino ~ Mr Halloran, A oluntccr Mounted Rifleman Mi F E Halloran, Sydney \eomanry Cavalry, Mr Herbert, Highlander , , , Miss M Isaacs, Night Miss Isaacs, Morning > t 1 J i% i Mr Isaacs, Sir vv altor Raleigh J 7i ( Mr I«ancs, Turkiah costume ",. i Mr Jaini s, Morl of Leicester ' Miss K jo«cnli, Spanish lady i Mr II Joseph, Charles I , ¡ < Mus Kusch, Swiss Peasant ?>. ' Mrs I li Kemp, Mary of Dundee i *f" ¡ ' Jil s hing, 1- il) O'Connor ? r ' i . Mi s lunfe, Scotch lassie a ¡ s Mrs s H I ev v, Lurline ¡i n. j Miss S I cv v, rcisant Girl Mr I I lovel, Richard III Mr I melon, Geneva costume Mr Loik<c), Charles II * Mips Macdermott, Bed, 'Whlto, and Blue ' * * . Miss Mejer, Tage Mr A Mcj e-r, lago * ' Mr V M'Mahon, Schoolboy ' n t f 'A Mr II Moore, ^ olunteor - ' u i ' Mr Martin, A oluntccr )( n ">> Mr D Marks, Greek ! , " Mr B S Marks, Lazaretto page i , Mrs Manton, Night ' ' Miss Manton, I n Ilnmc lUanohe *.' ' Ml M Menser, falim Jim r f ? Mr» M Menser, kirp Girl t , ¡ i, 1 Mi M Mahon, Hamlet ,, Mr Milford, % oluntccr Mr Mensei, Hoj ni Artillory M|ss Meiiber, Howcr Girl ' Mr II L Nelson, Cavalier timo of Charles II, Mr J II North, Knight of Santiago ' ' " Miss J Phillips, BohcnJan Girl 4 , Mr J Phillips, Prince of Como Mr J Pntker, Perfect Cure » Mr I Phillips, Garibaldi " ' Mr J I lulhps, University Student ' Mr S Phillips, King Hal > Mi G Boss, General Dumas ' Mr It Budd, Lassov ard .> Mr linnclaud, Mophistophiles ¡ Mr A I) Solomon, Hungarian Peasant ' > * Mr M. Solomon i i Mr J Solomon } Thrco Bed Men . ¡ Mr Ix>vc ) , u » Mr C Solomon, Taul Pry Mr Sw-irby, Tho Ghost r Mr V\ Simon, Hamlet .> ' Mr Spencer, \oung lenton i Mr J Simmons, Paddy Miles' Boy r » ; Mr J Simmons, A Long Timo Ago Mish Simmons, Mnrgaret de ^ nlois . j , x , Mi S Simmons, llambou ( , Mr Stjpmann, liri of Lclccstor Mi lickcl!, 1 arl of Leicester I Mr Ivmrb, Turk .^.u I ; Mrs Twig/,' Maid of Kars , - Mr J 1 urnei, Cardinal Wolsey y. Miss V dentine, Glee Maiden nsi Mr Malford, Spanish bngand ' Mr G Watt Spanish cavalier i ji Mi h Whitford, Spring ' Mrs Webb lurline Mr II N W ebb, Little Tickle Mr 7ioiin, Soubieski 