A NEW ZEALAND TRAGEDY. Oiaki was my first station, and here falling in with some of my old acquaintances among tho whalers I determined to stay a few days, nothing loath to kill time in any way that was going for- ward. There being a wedding and its consequent merry-makings 011 the tapis, I sent the guide or letter-carrier forward to give notice of my ap proach, nnd accepted the quarters offered me by a good-natured old native of the Emerald Isle, who, having made his country too hot to hold him, by reason of certain smuggling propensities, sought safety and riches in tho unfettered west. Like most of his stamp, Dennis was a reckless " devil-may-care" sort of fellow, with a joke and good word for those who kept in his good graces, hut a curse and a blow for his enemies. The fear of the latter was enhanced by his size and strength, for Dennis measured over six feet with out his brogues, and could send a djnner-knife through a two-inch plank of roto wood with one stroke of his formidable arm. It was one of Dennis's daughters who was going to be married, a pretty half-breed girl, but the bridegroom elect was as ill- conditioned and gin-sling-drinking a specimen of a Yankee as you would, meet with in a day's walk. There was a look in tho girl's face when her intended spouse was by that I could not at all reconcile with her intention of marrying him ; and even had I not accepted her father's invitation to remain, I think I should have found an excuse to do so on some other plea in order that I might see the end of what I sus pected would turn out a tragic drama worth wit nessing. During the next day I gathered that the girl Alary had been in love with a handsome young Alaori chief ; but, having white blood in her veins, it was considered by her relatives a degradation on her part to marry him. Accord- ingly, her father first tried fair means to get quit of him ; these failing, he took to bullying, and finally tho native disappeared, though how, or where to, no one knew, or perhaps cared even to inquire. After he was out of the way, Mary for a time grew morose and ill-tempered, shutting herself out of sight, and refusing to speak to her father. Suddenly this changed. She became as blithe as ever, and some said she had forgotten her troubles ; others again that she was " biding her time," and how much nearer tho mark they were, the sequel will show. At this epoch the Yankee skipper turned up, aud taking the hint frontier father, Alary set her cap so successfully that in d month he had come to tho point, and -the -wedding-day was fixed. Strange as it may seem, the new lover never heard a word of the former one, and boasted pretty openly of his luck, &c.; Tho night before the wedding was, accord ing to the whulers' custom, the occasion of great mirth, drinking and dancing being the order of the night. I had the honour of leading off the entertainment with the bride, who was nothing loath to let me keep her Yankee lover at a dis tance — a piece of coquetry he did not like, but until warmed by whiskey and the taunts of tho company, did not venture to take any open notice of. At last, as I was standing beside Alary in a sort of bay-window, he swaggered up. " I say, gal, what d'ye mean by being so thick with that 'ur stranger? Ye shan't carry 011 that game after we're spliced, so help me — /" " Hold your tongue if you cannot speak civilly," retorted Alary, growing as white as a sheet. " You'd butter be making your peace with the Almighty than swearing by him : it's not long till you'll be with Him." The Yankee laughed, and put his arm round her. " Back, you fool 1" she said, her voice scarcely rising above a whisper, so in tensely was her passion roused. " Back ! or by Him whose name you took just now, I'll send you there before your time. Can't you wait until your call comes ? You little think how soon it will." I suppose tho Yankee was too drunk to take heed, or see the deadly expression in the girl's face ; but I saw both, and rather more — for I saw she had a short knife hid in her breast, and that tho veins of her hand and arm mse and throbbed as she clenched the hilt. Laying my hand upon the man's shoulder, I turned him off. He stared, then throwing away his pipe, gave utterance to a volley of abuse, shouting and dancing with passion. The crowd soon gathered round, laughing and jeering the infuriated wretch, until, driven almost frantic, he made a dash at the first who stood in the way, and measured his length 011 the ground by way of reprisal, having fallen foul of Dennis himself. " What does the spalpeen want?" said Dennis, with a smile peculiar to himself. " He maybe took me for you, Alary, and was going to embrace me." The laugh that followed this speech brought the Yankee to his legs, and considerably sobered. Ho sneaked off, muttering curses, not loud but deep. Alary did not show uny more that night or next day till noon, when the wedding, or mock ceremony that passed as such, came off. Dancing followed until dark, when the newly married couple were escorted to the hut prepared for their residence, and therein installed, amidst libations of rum and whiskey, an enormous keg of whale oil being lighted in front of the door, while a barrel of rum was broached and distributed then and there. I am not usually very squeamish or in clined to be fanciful, but that night I could not shake off1 what I suppose must be the feeling talked of as presentiment. Just as Alary washauded off by her newly-mado husband she had put a small packet in my hand, bidding me keep it till to morrow for her ; and there was something in the look at tho time that kept curdling my blood, and rising like a shadow in spite of myself. Yot tired out, and pretty well primed with a sleeping draught in the shapo of punch, made after Dennis's own plan, I was not long disturbed by haunting ghosts or strange dreams, as I suppose six out of seven of my readers suppose I ought to have been, and' did not wake until tho sun was pretty well upon his day's march. Even then, however, I was to all appearance first in tbe field. There was not a sign of any ono being astir, and sundry snores from other divisions of the hut told their own tale. I had always been in the habit of beginning the day with a bathe, and after taking my swim was leiturely dressing, when a commo tion in tho village attracted my attention. Men, women, and children were appearing like a swarm of bees, all hurrying in one direction. I, of course, soon joined, but 110 one could satisfy my curiosity ; so there was nothing for it but to follow and use my eyes. Presently we reached tho hut of the newly-married couple. Then pressing forward, I made my way in. My presentiment of evil, if such it was, was terribly realised. There in tho middle of the floor lay the naked body of the Yankee bridegroom, his face and chest literally riddled with wounds, while crouching in a corner, covered with blood and gasping for breath sat poor Alary. I entered at the same moment as her father. With a shriek she sprang to her feet, passed him like a bird, and making her way through the frightened crowd, no ono opposing her, was down at the edge of the river before they seemed to collect their senses. It was too late, though I question whether an attempt to do more would have been made. Death was the most merciful end for the poor mad girl, and as it turned out, death would have been inevitable, for after killing the Yankee, she had attempted to kill herself, and broken the knife into her breast, where it still was when they recovered tho body. In the packet she had given mo was a piece of paper, round which she had wrapped a long tress of her hair, with the words, " Give this to my father, and tell him I wet it with the blood of him he murdered. He can wet it with mine, for he has killed me too." Poor Alary had fouu'd her Alaori lover's body, with her father's knife still in it. The knife slio had taken, and, after burying the body, had concealed until the hour of her revenge came on. Perhaps at first she meant it for her father. Be that as it may she was spared that crime, and perpetrated a much more dreadful revenge. For the old man never held up his head again, but from that day sat a shivering idiot in the corner of his hut, babbling on about Mary nnd her wedding.— -Martin Tobin, by Lady Campbell. A Jew Outdone by a Quaker. — A Jew named Nathan being unable to pay his debts in full, went round to his creditors one by one and induced them to take a composition of 15s. in the pound. He last of all went to tbe plaintiff, Wells, who was a Quaker, and, though Wells denied he had agreed to accept the composition, the jury ex pressly found that " the plaintiff assented to take the 15s. in the pound on being assured that the creditors had done so." The 15s. in the pound was duly paid ; but Wells now sued Natban for the remainder of tho debt, objecting that he was not bound by the composition, as according to the -ancient doctrine of law, payment of a smaller sum was not satisfaction of a larger, unless it was accepted by all the creditors in consequence of a mutual agreement between them ; and that here the other creditors having taken the composition singly before the plaintiff was applied to; had not taken it in consequence of any mutual agreement. The Common Sergeant held this objection valid, and directed a verdict for the plaintiff. Chief Justice Cockburn said it would probably be suffi cient if tbe others took it supposing that he would tnke it, but unfortunately the jury had not dis tinctly found that. A new trial was granted. For American Readers only. — The follow ing is from thecLoiulon correspondent of the New York Herald: — " I hear from a reliable source that Queen Victoria has been to see the Daven port Brothers, and has appointed a trial of their spiritual dark-lantern jugglery game at Windsor Castle. She has gone quite daft with spiritual ism, and these impostors have promised to bring Prince Albert back to this world for an hour in the very room where he died. They have pro mised, moreover, I am ,told,' not only to allow the Queen to have conversation with him, but actually to yiuch him. As their performances are car- ried on in the dark, they will no doubt succeed in carrying out their delusion. Pray what are the guardians of the poor Queen about to permit such, a criminal imposture to be practised on one who is already far on the road to lunacy? Such an arrant imposturo is a melancholy exhibition of human weakness and folly." 