THE WAR IN NEW ZEALAND. The following is a telegraphic summary, of the progress of events in New Zealand, reaching us by way of Sydney: SYDNEY, 8th June.-By the steamer Rangitoto we have later Auckland news. H.M.S. Eclipse sailed for Opotiki on the 19th of May to capture the natives implicated in the murder of the Rev. Mr Volkner. A party of marines was landed, and attempted to surprise the natives, but failed. The natives opened fire first, wounding a corporal of the marines. A skirmish ensued, in which Hekaroo Riki, an influential chief amongst the rebels, was killed. The men then returned to the ship without having accomplished their object. Three days after this a second party went on shore, and having ob tained information as to the actual murderer, the men seized him, but whilst conveying him to the shore he managed to make his escape. William Thompson surrendered to General Carey on the 27th ult, but has not yet taken the oath of alle giance. It is understood that Rewi will shortly follow Thompson's example. Major Von Tempsky, with seventy Forest Rangers, attacked a Maori settlement at Kakaramea, on the 10th May, and killed ten Maories. Ensign Whitfield and Private M'Beauwete killed on our side. The Rangers found that they were outnumbered and retired. SYDNEY, 16th June.-The Salamander steamer, from Auckland, brings dates to the 5th mat. His Excellency the Governor had invited William Thompson to visit him. Thompson's submission is not considered complete until he has taken the oath of allegiance. We take the following from the Southern Cross of 31st May:-The most important news that we have to record is the submission of William Thompson, well known as one of the prime movers in the rebel lion, together with, other native chiefs of inferior note. There have been so many peace negotiations with Thompson, that his reported submission was at first not believed to be true, or if true, not to be of that satisfactory nature as would be likely to ensure a lasting peace. Saturday last, the 27th of this month, was the memorable day on which Thompson acknowledged the Queen's authority to Brigadier-General Carey: and the place of meeting was a native village called Tamehere, where the rebel chief had promised to lay down the symbol of his submission. As the only facts at present known in reference to this subject arc contained in a de spatch from Brigadier-General Carey to General Cameron, and which has been published by the direction of his Excellency the Governor, we subjoin it: - " Auckland, 29 th May, 1865. " Sir,-I have the honor to forward the enclosed for your Excellency's information. "I have the honor to be, Sir, your most obedient humble servant, (Signed) «< D. A. CAMERON, Lieut.-Gencral, His Excellency Sir George Grey, K.C. B., Government House." "Camp Te Awamutu, 28th May, 1865. "Sir,-With reference to my letter of the 26tU instant, I have the honor to state, for tho informa tion of the commander of the forces, that I proceeded at daylight yesterday, accompanied by Major Tupper, A.D.C., Captain Brett, D.A.Q.M.G., and Captain. Blewitt, 65th Regiment, to Tamahere, where the chief, William Thompson, had agreed to meet me. Shortly after my arrival at that place, Mr George Graham rode in and announced the approach of Wil- liam Thompson and other chiefs of note, handing me a paper or covenant, in Thompson's handwriting (copy and translation herewith enclosed), which he said Thompson and the chiefs were willing to sign in my presence under the British flag. I then walked for ward to meet Thompson, who when he saw me im mediately dismounted, and came rapidly towards me uncovered. We shook hands. He then laid his taiaba on the ground at my feet, in token of his submission to her Majesty, and said he hoped I would accept it as his gun. We then proceeded to the spot where the British flag was flying where Thompson signed the covenant in the name of the King and himself, in which he was followed by the principal chiefs assembled; after which I attached my signature thereto. The only requests made by Thomp- son were as follows:-" 1. That the Governor would appoint a commissioner to enquire into his (Thomp son's) character, which, he affirmed, had been much maligned. 2. That he (Thompson) was most anxious to see the face of ' tiu Tamihana' again, and hoped to do so soon. 3. That I should let him (Thompson) know as Boon a3 possible what the Governor thought of his submission. I cannot conclude this letter without briuging to the notice of the lieutenant general commanding the forces the very important services rendered to the country by Mr George Graham, assisted by Mr Dehar, in bringing about this most momentous event. I was given to understand that tho chief Hewi would immediately tender hia submission also. The bearing of the chief Thompson on this occasion was particularly silent and submis sive in the extreme. I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant, (Signed) " GEORGE JACKSON CAREY, Brigadier-general." TERMS OF SUBMISSION. "Kua whakaae matou ko to ture o te Kuinihei ture ma to Ingiki hei tiaki mo matou ako ake. Ko te tohu tenci o te maunga o te rongo ko te ku taenga atu ki te aroaro o toku hoa riri a te Tienara Karo. WILLIAM THOMPSON (Te Wahoroa), TE KEWETI, HONE PAPAHEWA, RIKI, RIHIA, PARATA. " Tamahere, 27th May, 1865." Copy of translation of terms of submission of native chiefs, subscribed in the presence of Brigadier General Carey, C.B.: " We consent that the laws for the Queen be laws for the King (Maori), to be a protection for us all for ever and ever. This is the sign of making peace, my coming into the presence of my fighting friend General Carey." (Here follow the signatures ) (Signed) " GEORGE CAREY, Brigadier-General. " Tamahere, 27th May, 1865." " Thompson particularly requested that the term ' hoa riri' should be taken as 'fighting friend,' and not as enemy. (Signed) " G. J. CAREY, Brigadier-General." It is still an open question, and one that can only be decided by the lapse of time, whether Thompson has really and unreservedly submitted, or is only saving his conscience as a Kingite by a very clever artifice, From tho translation of the terms of bis submission, it may be clearly inferred that in accept ing the laws of the Queen lie does not relinquish tho right of the King to administer them; in fact, the expression, " We consent that the laws for tho Queen be the laws for the King (Maori)" is is so in definite that it is liable to a very wide interpreta tion. We would be far from wishing to depreciate the value of this submission if it came in an unques tionable shape. Thompson would be an ally of very considerable influence amongst his own people; but if he cannot be depended upon his submission is worthless. However, the first step has been taken in a very important negotiation, and we shall be as anxious as Thompson to know " what the Governor think of his submission." If accepted without a more positive and binding covenant, we suspect it will be of little value. THE PORCUPINE CUTTING.-We learn that the falls of stone in the Porcupine cutting, which have threatened so much danger to the railway trains, have received the serious attention of the Commis sioner of Railways. A man has been stationed at the cutting to signal in case of any more stone fal- ling, and the Engineer-in Chief is about to visit the spot to ascertain the best means of providing against a recurrence of the circumstances. —Bendigo Adver- tiser, 21st June. THE DAYLESFORD MURDER. — We are at a loss to know upon what ground the man Young, or Tatham, is still held in durance vile. Surely time enough has been given to bring home to him the punishment of his guilt, or to entitle him to his freedom. The course pursued towards the wretched man, unfortu nate in either case, guilty or innocent, seems a most unfair one, and we really trust that the Executive will either at once bring the man to trial, or give him his liberty. It would almost seem as if the miserable creature was condemned to the oubliettes unheard, or else that he was being subjected to a course of discipline to compel him to a confession, either supposition being at variance with tho prin ciples of civilised law and justice.-Mercury, 21at June. DETERMINED ATTEMPT AT SUICIDE-Yesterday forenoon a woman living with a man named Arm strong, in a house in Williamson street, attempted to commit suicide by stabbing herself in the throat with a pair of scissors whilst in a state of intoxica- tion. Dr Hugh Boyd having been called in, found that the woman had inflicted a wound of between two and three inches in length on the left side of her neck, just over the course of the main blood-vessels. The point of the scissors-fortunately for her —had penetrated the neck obliquely instead of directly, to which is owing her escape from what in all probabi lity would have been a fatal issue. The wound was immediately dressed, and a person left in charge of her. Dr Boyd was again called to see her in the afternoon, and found that she had, during a short, absence of the person who was staying by her, torn away part of the dressing. Having been again at tended to, she was left in a quieter condition than before. No other cause than mental depression while in a state of intoxication can be ascribed as prompting her to commit the insane act.-Bendigo Advertiser, 21st June. A MISSING MEDIUM;.-The only case at the Cen- tral Police Court yesterday was a claim for £9 for work and labor done. The case was adjourned for a fortnight in order that the defendant, who is a medium, might be communicated with. The defend- ant it appeared, had gone on a roving commission, and according to his wife was not likely to be heard of for six weeks. He had taken all his money with him to buy territory, and left his wife and family with nothing at all. An interpreter said the wife did not know whether her husband was a "dummy or a ghost," but he had gone to " Camperdown," and would return, but not for a long time. —Geelong Ad- vertiser, 22nd June. DISAPPEARANCE or A DINNER.-A theft of rather an out-of-the-way nature was accomplished on Moiy. day, in a right-of-way oil Kilgour street, A hot dinner was prepared and served up, awaiting tho arrival of the liege lord, The wife " popped out" to call in a neighbor, and absented herself some five, minutes, and when she returned she found, much to her chagrin, that the dinner, dishes, and all tho ac companiments, including the table-cloth, had disap peared; and up to the present time no clue has been obtained to the impudent robbery. In the same vicinity several petty thefts are reported.-Geelong Advertiser, 22nd June. A BURNING HAND.-We have had our attention called to a natural curiosity near the Murrumbidgee river. About two miles from Mr Small's farm, on a flat through which the mountain creek passes is the remains of a bog which the watercourse has drained during the past few years. This bog is composed of peat, much similar to what is found in Scotland and Ireland, together with slate-colored marl. Since last Christmas an internal fire about two feet from the surface, has been burning over about half an acre of the bog. The ground is very hot about the place, and smoke is emitted from the fissures. We have some specimens in our office of the peat, before and after being burnt, together with the marl in both states, which we shall be happy to show any one.- Yass Courier, 14th June. Printed and Published, for the Proprietor, by GEORGE EDWARD FINNIS, at the Ballarat Star Office, Sturt street, Ballarat. 