MA RENGO. r from our correspondent. i OcronuR 10. — A friend writing |Vom Yass, under date of the Mill instant, concludes thus—" Can't you send us a decent candidate for parliamentary honours. Isaacs is not the riirlit man, and vet I suppose he'll go in for want of a better." Alas ! the few, within a radius of fifteen or sixteen miles of this, who are worthy of representing Yass Plains arc too much occupied with their private affairs — gentlemen who, judging from their actions, fully endorse the sentiments contained in a verso of a " squib" that exploded in your journal about two years ago -"The Contented Squatter" — " More dear to hie the company Of family and wife, And evenings spent in calm content, To politics' fierce strife And so from home I will not roam, To shine the platform's star. But I'll take things as 1 find them, And leave them as they are." Such being tho case, my respected friend, and those who reciprocate his ideas' upon this matter, must look elsewhere fur Mr. Isaacs's opponent. But to tho farmers of the district of Yass — those men who may be justly called its support, and with out whoso custom half the local storekeepers would soon collapse, for it is a well-known fact that tho ;roat majority of tho- squatters get their yearly mpplies by the " return loading " — L wish to say a ow simple words on the choice of a member. Mr. Isaacs is, unquestionably, a clever man ; but is he one who will, if clooted, advance the positiun of the Yass farmers, and with it, as a natural con sequence, that of tho whole district ? Mr. Isaacs is a firm political ally of tho Hon. James Martin. What are the lattor's sentiments ? They aro those which would prompt him, if irritated, to call the Yass farmers "howling idiots!" Also, he a few months ago declared himself a protectionist to the back-bone! What does this mean ? This: the mechanics and manufacturers of Sydney waxing rich, sleek, and fat; and the agriculturists of the interior getting proportionately poor, rough, and meagre. Mr. Isaacs does not go to the extreme of terming himself a " protectionist to the back bone," but he mollifies the phrase, nnd says, "I'm a-protcctionist in tho modern, liberal sense of tho word— that is, I would protect native industry." Now, does Mr. Isaacs by the word industry mean both manufacture and agriculture? I doubt it. Even the daring member for the Lachlan, with all his sang froid, would not have the nerve to propose a tax upon imported corn, well knowing that his loss of popularity in Sydney would bo such as to affect his professional iucomo. Then, how is native industry to be protected by these libornl (P) proteotionsits P" This way: increasing tho revenue by taxing heavily all articles of im ported manufacture, thoreby raising tho wages and highly improving tho pecuniary position of colo nial mechanics and manufacturers ; at tho same time the price of the mechanics' loaf- more par ticularly those men who live in Sydney— is not to be interfered with. Let ship-loads of Hour arrive from California by the dozen, that flour must. not bo taxed ! Thus, by adopting tho views enter tained by theso so- called liberal protection ists, the farmers would be left quito "un protected," having to buy their clothing, soap, groceries, &c.;, very dear, and withal to sell their wheat very cheap. What horrible in justice—proposing to fatten one class at the ex pense of another! (The writer is not connected with agricultural pursuits in any- way : therefore ho cannot be accused of intercstcdncss.) One thing is very certain — once let politicians of tho Martin and Isaacs school get a firm, and anything like a permanent, hold of tho helm of affairs, then good-by to our farmers' prosperity ; for they will then have bitterer enomies than rust and drought to contend with; for, through tho immense un taxed importations of flour from California, wheat will ultimately fall to 3s. Gd. or 4s. a bushel — thoreby forcing the farmers, because of tho denr- ness of ho.avily-tnxed clothing, tea, sugar, &c.;, to seek other modes of obtaining a livelihood. Then would the Martinites' "castles in the air" soon become a grim reality, namely, by causing this vast and beautiful colony to become one immense sheep-run— dotted here and there with towns, having for its gigantic head Sydney ! If we are to be " protected," then let tho farmers receive the hcncfit of such as well as the manufacturers. But tho better plan would be to protect neither, but let each and every profession, according to its merits or demerits, riso or fall. Such arc the opi nions of the men of the age — Messrs. Goshen, J. Stuart Mill, nnd R. Torrens — whom, because of their thoroughly liberal, free-trade ideas, tho London nnd Westminster electors have' placc.d at tho bead of the poll, leaving Baron Rothschild, notwithstanding his almost inconceivable wealth, at the bottom ! Let tho farmers of Yass Plains go and do likewise. Better for them to' have as their representative an indifferent speaker, a stut terer, or oven one who could not say twenty con secutive words grammatically, so long as his "yes" or " no " in the House of Assembly would really benefit thorn, than Oicero himself, were his oratory of a nature to operate injuriously upon the future well-being of themselves and families-ns. judging from' tho speech delivered upon tho Hustings not twelve months ago, that of Mr. R. M. Isaacs cer tainly would do. October 20. — I was always under the impres sion that our magistracy were, ex officio, if for no other reason, entitled to have a proper respect shown to them, particularly by their inferiors. But it appears that at Young such is not the case ; for only the night before last, upon a resident ma gistrate, A. Mucarthur, Esq., discovering a police man whiln on his bent what was deemed neglect ing his duty, snid, " Mind, or I will have to report you j" and the immodiate insolent retort was, " I'll report you,'' &c.;, &o.; I fancy one of the Yass magistrates getting such a reply from an ordinary constable! 1 don't think he would retain his billet very long. It is to bo hoped that the insulted ma gistrate, in justiee to his compeers, will not let this matter rumnin quiescent; otherwise, by an occa sional repetition of such, the initials J.P. will in these parts soon become contemptuous. No rain yet! Tho oat crops being quite ruined, tho wheat crops are now beginning to follow suit — patches of yellow appearing in the paddocks, which dead patches get larger and larger. If rain' don't come within a week, some of tho Calabash farmers whoso wheat is prqtty high intend mowing it for hay. These gloomy prospects nro greatly affecting -the price of flour, that of Burrangong having advanced 71. per ton during the lost six days. ====================== Mail Contract. — The tonder of Mr. James Roberts, for the mail between Yass and Young, has been accepted by tho Government. Cattle Stealino Prevention Aot. — A sum mons has been issued against James Merriman. of tho Little Plain, on the complaint of Mr. Sub-in spector Brennan, that the defendant has in his possession a quantity of recently killed beef for which he is unable to account. The case will be heard before the bench to-day. Prisoner's Escort. — Yesterday morning the gold escort to Sydney bad charge of John Hoare, who had been committed by tho Police Magistrate, of Gundugai to take his trial at the Goulburn Circuit Court, for the wilful murder of Nathaniel Gorth, at Reedy Creek. By the same escort two of the children of the woman Burnett, convicted at last sessions on a charge of stealing watches and money, were sent to the Orphan Sehdol at Parra- uiattu. Gaol Management. — On Saturday and Monday I Dr. Blake, the visiting magistrate of the gaol, was occupied in investigating chnrgea that had been made against tho conduct of the gaoler and some of the warders. Ono of tho warders had boon sus pended from duty by the gaoler without the sanc tion of the visiting magistrate, and on his being directed to resume duty he refused to do-so until a complcto investigation into his conduct was made. We are in possession of many of the charges preferred,- and tho cvidcnco affecting them, but withhold tho publication of them for tho present. The investigation has not yet concluded. CORONER'S INQUEST. — Yesterday forenoon, an inquest was held at the hospital before Dr. Blake, coroner for the district, on view of the body of an aged man, name unknown. Sub-inspector Brennan stated that he understood that deceased's name was Sheedy and that he was a native of England. The jury having viewed the body, William Meekings was examined. He deposed : On Monday last there was a waggon in Mr. Woodman's yard ; it had come from Picton, and was loaded with large cases and trunks; the driver said he wanted some one to assist him to look over the way-bills as he could not read; I went to Jacob Williams's for de- ceased ; he was in the forge boiling a pot of tea; I brought him to where the waggon was ; when I last saw him he was looking over the way-bills and I then went to my work ; 1 did not see him after- wards, until Mr. Woodman came to me and told me that there was a man knocked down; I saw the deceased lying at the back of the waggon ; he was insensible ; there was a good deal of blood coming from out of his mouth, ear, and nose ; I assisted Mr. Woodman to carry him into the store; deceased appeared to be perfectly sober ; he told me that he was an Englishman, and that he came from Bermingham ; he also told me that he had two sons in Liverpool (N.S.W.) To a juryman: When I went to where deceased was lying there was a case a few yards from him ; I should sup- pose it weighed between two and three hundred weight. Robert Beaver deposed : I am a carrier and reside at Sutton Forest; I arrived in Yass with my waggon yesterday (Monday) morning; it was loaded with cases and little parcels: I went with my waggon to Mr. Woodman's yard ; I un- loaded some of the cases ; not being able to read the way-bills I asked the last witness if he could read; he said he could not; I asked him if he knew any person who could, he went away and brought deceased ; I showed him (deceased) the way-bills; I took some of the loading and deliver- ed it at Taylor's store; on my return I went to the waggon to got some more loading ; I backed the dray up to the waggon ; deceased got hold of a case to pull it off, it turned over and I think it hit him on the cheek; I next saw him lying on the ground, and the case a couple of yards from him. To the jury : There was no one helping me to unload except deceased at that time ; he did not speak after the case hit him; he was bleeding out of his mouth ; I ran for Dr. Campbell who came and saw deceased. — Allan Campbell deposed: I am a duly qualified medical practitioner and re- side in Yass ; yesterday forenoon, between the hours of eleven and twelve o'clock, the last witness called on me and requested me to go to Mr. Woodman's inn to see a person who had been struck down by a case which had fallen from a dray; when I went to Mr. Woodman's I found deceased lying in a room off the kitchen on a mattress ; the blood was gush- ing from his mouth and nostrils, and also oozing from his left ear; he was perfectly insensible, and there were two slight wounds on the left cheek, both punctured ones ; neither of these penetrated through the substance of the cheek ; I carefully examined the head and chest, but was unable to detect any other marks of external injury; I had him removed to a shed, as the room in which he was lying was rather close; I attended on him for some time, and during my attendance both eyes became swollen very much, and slightly dis- coloured ; he was then removed to the hospital, where I saw him again during the course of the day; I again saw him about half-past eleven o'clock at night, when he had just ceased to breathe; I am of opinion that deceased died from fracture of base of the the skull, and consequent compression of the brain ; I believe deceased was between sixty and sixty-five years of age. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death. Another Snake Killed. — On Monday last a remarkably large diamond snako was killed at the lower end of Bango Greek. A boy was hording somo milking cattle and espied tho reptile emerg ing from a hole un ler the root of a treo, and quickly gave it a fatal blow. The Burrowa Mail. — The tonder of Mr, Myles, of Yass, for tho conveyance of the mail between that town nnd Burrowa, three times a week via Limestone Crook, lins been accepted by the Govern ment. Unclaimed -Letters. — The following list of letters, lying unclaimed at the Yass Post-office, has been handed to. us for publication by tho post master :— John Barber Wm. Aleclwny John Barry Wm. Meoail Mrs. Best on Ilenry Maynard Mr. Browne Mrs. Milne Timothy Buckley Patk. Manoneag II. Bunfiold Wm. Monro Richard Oar James Mooro Wm. Chaplin Michl. Mooro Edwd. Ohnpman P. Murphy Patk. Clancy , Mr.McOrackcn B. Olune Alice' McQrath Goo. Catlonder Mrs. Minorio Stephen Clifton Ewd. Notten Stophon Collyer Jeremiah O'Kceffo Wm. Cromhie (2) Wm. Potts Miss Mary Hill Mr. Potter W. H. Hill , Thos. Quinlan Goo. Holmes Mrs. Bailey Martin Granoy R. Reedy Thos. Gannon James Byan Miss Anna M. Fallon James Shannon Patk. Engan Neil Shankey Henry Duglas.(2) F. II. Simpson James Dully Wm. Slater James Bros Mark Southwell W. J. Jones Michl. Staploton Isaac Jones Michl. Sullivan John .Tones Waltor Tnttel Wm. Kinnear Joseph Tailar Henry Kilpatrick Frcdk Taylor Thos. Kent Edwd. Tobboll (4) J. Kennedy Martin Tully Henry Lyle Wm. Yites Win. Lemon Paul Wheelan Jo"hn Lawton John West (2) .Tames Mehnffev Waters Thos. -Accident. — Yesterday forenoon, a narrow escape from being crushed to death occurred to a youth named Michael Noonan, who was engaged in driving a load of wood into town. On his way from the bush, near Manton's Oreek, he stumbled over the root of a tree, and fell beforo the wheel of tho dray. He had tho presenco of mind to call to tho horses to stop, nnd thoy must have stopped immediately. Young Noonan states that on rising from tho ground tho tire of the wheel had made a mnrk on his coat sleeve. Tub Weather still continues very dry, and tho long entertained npprohension thatywe aro tolievo a summer similar to that of the great drought of 1839 is being daily strengthened. Tho early crops liavo entirely failed, and the most sanguine of our farmers say that unless there is a fall of rain with in a fortnight the lato crops will never corao to maturity. _ Sporting. — A few days ago, Mr. D.. Davis with two of his sons succeeded in hooking forty fish in the Murrumbidgee. and shooting iivo brace of pigeons during tho excursion. Stealing Money by a Constable. — On last Monday evening, constable John Bright, who for a considerable time past has been stationed at Bina-. long, was received into Yass gaol, having been com mitted for trial on a oharge of stealing mofley, the property of sergeant Hnles.' The accused is one -of the party of police between whom a moiety of tho reward offered for the apprehension or shooting of Gilbert, the bushranger, was divided. We under stand he received the next largest omount to sergeant Hales. The reward was paid only some three or four weeks ago, and Hales was in tho habit of keeping a considerable portion of bis sharo of it in tbo barracks. Some loans lmd taken place between him- nnd the accused, and during their currency Hales missed money on several occasions from the plnco where he usually deposited it. On receiving back some notes which he had lent the accused ho noticed that they were somo of those belonging to him of which lie had taken particular observation when his suspicions were aroused. He immediately communicated with Mr. sub-inspector Stephenson, nt Burrowa, who camo over to Bina- long and senrchcd tho trunks of the nccuscd. when more notes belonging to sergeant Hales were found. Bright was brought before tho magistrates and committed for trial. A report of the examination before the Police Court will be found in our Bina- long correspondence. Circuit Court for Gundaoai. — The following memorial has been adopted at a public meeting held at Qundagai. and when signed is to be for- wnrded for presentation to tho Governor through tho Hon. James Martin. M.L.A. : — To the Right Honorable Sir John Young, Bart., Captain General and Governor - in - Chief of New South Wales. The humhlo petition of tho un dersigned, inhabitants of Gundngai, Tumut, Ade- long, and the surrounding district. Respectfully shewcth : — That your petitioners, hnving heard through, tho public press the design of Govern ment to establish a Circuit Court in this South western portion of tho colony, desire to. point out to your Excollency's attention tho many advan tages nnd claims possessed by the town of Gutidn- , gai to being appointed a plaoo where such Court should be held, and in so doing would submit tho following facts in ihcir support : — Thnt the portion of New South Wales south of Goulburn is, by soil, climate, and industrial pursuits, divided into large areas — the one, pastoral, tho other, agricultural and mining. Of tho first, Deniliquin or Huy may I lie regarded the centre ; of the lasL, Gundagai, being I situate on the Main Southern Road, midway be tween Albury and Goulburn. In further proof of this, your petitioners .would respectfully submit the following table of distances between all the existing centres of population within the last- named area and Gundagai nnd Wagga Wagga, ro- pectively : — Miles. Miles. I'umut is distant from Gundagai, 23 From Wagga Wagga, 78 Adclong, ,, 23 ,, „ ,, 52 Kinndra, ,, 85 ,, ,, „ 140 Tumherumha,, 55 „ ,, ,, 70 l'arcutta, ,, 35 ',, ,, „ 27 Jugiong, ,, 25 „ ,, ,, 75 Oootamundra,, 35 „ ,, ,, " 50 Young, ,, GO ,, „ „ 02 Binalong, „ 45 „ „ ,, 85 Burrowa, „ GO „ „ „ 08 Bowning, „ 52 „ ,, „ 107 Murrimboola,, 47 „ ,, ,, G8 Qobarrnlong „ 10 ,, „ ,. 71 L'lurongilly, „ 25 ,, ,, ,, 35 Marengo, „ G5 .. .. .. 110 Whilst the trifling distance that Gundagai is fur- tlior from the Albury district is more than com pensated by the existence of the Main Southern Road, and a well-appointed daily mail communica tion between the two places. Your petitioners would further submit to your Excellency's con sideration, that tho recent census returns establish tho fact that there is gathered within a radius of thirty miles round Gundagai a larger population than any other town in the South-western interior, nmounting to 5800 souls, or moro than double that of tho whole police district of Wagga Wagga (at that date, only 2G17 souls) ; and that these popu lations had respectively increased during tho pre vious live years— that of Gundagai nt tho rate of 133 percent.; of Wagga Wagga, only eighty-six per cunt. Your petitioners would further submit to your Excellency's consideration the nnturnl ad vantages enjoyed by their district, that give pro mise, in tho future, of attracting nnd maintaining a more dense and prosperous population than any other portion of tho South-west. Its place as tho head of river communication with Rivorina— '-its largo extent. of rich agricultural soil, the settlement of which recent legislation has dono so much to facilitate — its established gold-fields and constantly' discovered reefs of auriferous quartz, that yield employment to the miner and a market to the agri culturist — are sources of coming greatness to which no other township can offer an equivalent— least of all, Wagga Waggn, that, planted withiu the verge of the pastoral area, is tho farthest removed, has but poor soil, is already over-populated, and could only be visited with greater oxponse and incon venience by all out of seven-eighths of tho settled population whose business may call them to attend' such Assize Court. Your petitioners would further desire to inform your Excellency that Gundagai already possesses a first-class, commodious court house, suitable for holding sucli Assizo Court, built in pursuance of a report by a committee of tho old Legislative Council, that specially recommended Gundagai as the most desirable site when such court should bo created; whilst tho growth of our district requires tho existing gaol accommodation, under any circumstances, to bo enlarged; so that, in acceding to the prayer ofyour petitioners, little or no additional expenso need bo incurred by tho Government. Your petitioners have to express their regret that those facts wcro not urged earlier upon your Excellency's attention, hut ignorance of the Government design, faith in the before-men tioned ropirt, and ultimate recognition of their strong natural claims, liave alone been the causes; nnd, in conclusion, your petitioners trust that when your Excellency remembers the solemn visitations, the fearful destruction of human life and property, that our district has been called to boar, that you will accept its ability, notwithstanding those draw backs, to achieve its present high position as an indubitable proof of clnstic energies and abundant resources, that may fairly entitle'it to be considered tho bend, as it is the oldest-pinntcd, community in tho area the Government designs to benefit. Your Excellency's petitioners therefore humbly pray that, taking all the forogoing into your considera tion, your Excellency will be pleased to take the necessary measures for establishing such Circuit Court in tho town of Gundagai. And your peti tioners, as in duty hound, will ever pray. Title Deeds to Land. — Deeds of grant, re ceived during tho quarter ended the 30th Septem ber, 18G5, under the Real Property Act. in favour of tho persons mentioned in the following list, aro ready for delivery, upon payment of tho assuranco fee. Applications for delivery (if in writing) must bo attested by a magistrate :— Arthur Affleck, Gun- daroo ; William Affleck, ditto ; Nicholas R. Bes- nard, King; Henry Baylis, Wynynrd ; John Bent- ley, South Wagga Wagga; Matthew N. Oallaghan, Wynynrd; Abraham T. Ooupland, Young; Na thaniel Croker, Georgiana ; George F. Davis, Gun- daroo ; William Dunn, Georgiana; John Joseph Farnell, Wynyard ; George Fursy the, Urana ; Thos. Gannon, King; Georgo Honnock, Young; John Hay, Wynynrd ; Thomas Henry Honor, South Wagga Wagga; Frederick Hoare, Gundnroo; Richard Jeffreys, Urann ; George King, Georgiana ;' Thomas E. Lumley, Urana; Allen B. Morgan, Wynyard ; James Maokay, King ; Alexr. M'Donell, Georgiana; George' M'Leod, Harden; Joseph Poland Nash, Young; John Rudd, Urann; Cyrus E. Smith, Urana ; Severin K. Salting, Harden ; Jas. Edward Warby, Wynyard ; Thos. Redfern Watt, Young; John Widdup, Urana; William J. Wise, ditto; John Wise, ditto j Robert Wise, ditto. MURDER OF A SHEPHERD AT REEDY CREEK. — It was rumoured in town on Saturday last that an old shepherd, in the employ of Mr. Jeremiah Lehane, of Reedy Creek, was found dead in a waterhole near his hut, with every appearance of having met his death by foul means. The rumour proved true, as the evidence clearly shows. A. C. Rose, Esq , P.M., proceeded to Bogolong, and held a magisterial enquiry on Monday, 16th of October, which resulted in a hutkeepor, named John Hoare, being committed for trial for " wilful murder." The evidence, although purely circumstantial, clearly points to Hoare as the murderer. It is as follows : — Joseph Chapman, sworn, said : I am a police constable stationed at Jugiong. On Sunday last, between nine and ten o'clock in the morn- ing, I received information from Mr. Jeremiah Lehane, of Reedy Creek, that he suspected that a man in his employment had been made away with. He said he was missing since the Tuesday before. He requested me to accompany him to the place where the man lived, but I was obliged at that time to go in another direction. When I returned, that was about six o'clock the same evening, I went to the place mentioned by Mr. Lehane. From information I received respecting the sudden disappearance of Nathaniel Gorth, the man mentioned to me by Mr. Lehane, I directed the constable who was with me to take the pri- soner, John Hoare, into custody, on suspicion of having murdered him. Tho missing man had been found dead in a waterhole the same day, before I arrived. I saw the dead man there, and I iden- tify the body shown me as the same. It was getting dusk when I first saw the body, and I did not notice any marks on the face ; but I after- wards examined the face more particularly, and found a bruise under the right eye. It looked like a bruise inflicted by a man's fist. The de- ceased appeared about 72 years of age. — Thomas Johnstone, sworn, said : I am a shepherd, and have for the last five or six weeks been living on a run of Mr. Lehane's near Reedy Creek. The pri- soner was also a shepherd there, and the deceased was watchman. I knew him by the name of "Nat." The three of us occupied the same hut. The deceased was 72 years of age, and was infirm, but never heard him complain of sickness. Last Tuesday morning as I was going out with my sheep the deceased came up and showed me his right eye, which was bruised. He said the prisoner had struck him. I told him to go and tell Mr. Lehane that I had lost some sheep. I then took my sheep away, and did not return till sundown. When I came up to the hut I found it closed, and no one there. I went in and presently the prisoner came in. I asked him whether the deceased had been to Mr. Lehane's to report the lost sheep. He said deceased had told him I had said nothing about the lost sheep. I suspected something was wrong, but to save my- self from harm I said nothing. The prisoner said, " I suppose he has got his cheque, and is spending it." The prisoner was more jovial and freer that night than he was other nights. The deceased did not return that night nor the next day. The pri- soner remarked that his ghost would be haunting us. He said on Tuesday night. " I had the — — down, and would have killed him only the knife wasn't sharp enough." I have repeatedly heard the prisoner say to the deceased, " You ——, I'll kill you." On Thursday morning the prisoner called me to the creek and pointed to a hat lying on the ground, and snid, " There's the ——'s hat ; he has gone and drowned himself to get me into trouble, because Lehane has a down on me." On the morn- ing before both the prisoner and myself had gone over the ground where he showed me the hat lying and no hat was there, or I must have seen it. On the Tuesday morning when the deceased came up and showed me his eye where the prisoner had struck him, he begged me not to go away, for he said the prisoner would be sure to kill him that day. I told him not to be afraid. He was at my yard, just above the waterhole where the body was found. The prisoner was coming down towards this yard. I was soon out of sight with my sheep, nnd I never saw deceased alive after. — Michael Corby, sworn, snid: I reside at the Chain of Ponds, and am a sawyer. On Friday last I received in- formation that a man in Mr. Lehane's employ at Nanny Byrnes's Creek had been missing some days. I went to Mr. Lehane's and reported it. On the following day I went to the place where the miss- ing man was living, for the purpose of searching some waterholes there for the body. I took a steelyard with me to serve as a grappling hook. I went to a hole about 300 yards from the hut, on the bank of which hole an old cabbagetree hat was lying, which I recognised as the hat usually worn by the missing man. I threw in the steelyard attached to a rope, and brought up a dead body, which I recognised as that of the missing man, whom I had known for about twelve months. The dead man was lying on his back with his hands clenched, and his arms drawn up towards his shoul- ders. The hook of the steelyard had fastened into the left knee of his trousers. One of his eyes was blackened. I did not examine his body. He had his clothes on, and could not be seen until dragged up by the hooks. He was between seventy and eighty years of age. I brought the body to the Five-mile Creek. The hole in which I found it is from thirty to fifty yards from the sheep- yard and the watch-box. It is about fif- teen yards long, five yards wide, and in the spot where I found tho body, it is about three feet six inches deep. A green wattle bush hangs over the spot where I found the body. At the end of the waterhole nearest the yards, the approach to the water is quite easy. The body was six or seven yards from the end. The water is quite stagnant. Over the spot where the body lay the bank is somewhat steep on each side. On the side nearest the yards the bank is broken, and there is a level place just going into the water. The upper part of this bank has the marks, as I believe, of human feet upon it ; but the level spot of which I have spoken has no marks of footsteps. If the deceased had gone down this broken bank, I feel sure that he would have marked with his feet the level place, which is moist. The water at the end nearest to the yards is quite shallow. I don't see how a mnn's body could have floated down a stagnant waterhole from the shallow end to the deeper. The hat of the deceased when I went to the waterhole was lying about twenty yards from it. — William Lyons, sworn, deposed : I am a legally qualified medical practitioner of New South Wales. I have made a post mortem exami- nation of the body now lying dead at this house. I have examined the trachea and the bronchi ; there is no frothy matter or mucous in them. On opening the cavicy of the chest I found that both lungs fully occupied it. On removing them, the posterior lobes were found to be very much con- gested. On pressure, they crepitated healthily, and a quantity of frothy mucous was forced out of them. The cavities of the heart were very firmly contracted. The stomach contained a quan- tity of water. The other viscera presented a nor- mal appearance. Externally the skin presented a shrivelled-up appearance. There were no contu- sions of the body except an ecchymosis of the right eye. The appearances are quite compatible with death by drowning. The appearances of the lungs and stomach lead me to believe that life was not extinct when the body was submerged. The viscera were not decomposed. There are no external marks of violence which of themselves would ac- count for death. The prisoner was committed to take his trial at the Circuit Court, at Goulburn, at such time as the Attorney-General may appoint, for the wilful murder of Nathaniel Gorth. The prisoner is a young man — barely twenty-one years of age.— Gundagai Herald. Mr. Isaacs's Sanity. — The Sydney correspondent of the Goulburn Herald writes : — Mr. Isnncs dis tinguished himself the other day at the Maitland assizes by declaring that to become a candidate for n seat in Parliament was a proof of insanity! What do tho electors of Yass Plains think of this ? The Speakership. — Tho rumour of Mr. Hay's intended resignation of the Speakership, shortly after the opening of Parliament, has been confirmed. It is stated that Mr. William Forster will bo pro posed as Mr. Hay's successor in the chair of the Assembly. — S. M. Herald. The Wagoa Waooa Town Plate Handicap. — A meeting of the committee of tbo Murrumbidgee Turf Club was held in accordance with previous announcement on Wednesday last, at the Austra lian, for the purpose of declaring the handicap for tho Town Plate, and for the transaction of othor business in connection with the forthcoming race meeting,. Henry Baylis, Esq., P.M., having been voted to tho chair, called on the Seoretary to pro- duco the handicap previously deoided upon, which is as follows :— Mr. John Brooker's b.g. Gooramin, 5 year's, 8 st. 8 lbs. ; John MoNamara's b.g. Dis patch, aged, 0 st. 2 lbs. ; James Gormley's b.g. Camel, 5 years, 9 st. 2 lbB. ; H. Devlin's br.g. Young Mormon, 3 years, 6 Bt. ; A. Hancock's blk.g. Blaok Hawk, aged, 0 st. 0 lbs. ; T. Field's ch.m. Sylph, 3 years, 0 st. ; G. Botterill's b.g. Albury, 5 years, 9 st. ; D.' Boon's br;b. Jew, 5 years, 0 st. ; O. Cox's br.g. Kaffir, 4 years, 8 st. 4 lbs. ; R. J. Biggin's b.g. Young Martin, 1 years, 8 »t. 0 lbs. After some slight criticism an the above by ono or two of the committee, two new members were elected nod their names enteroil on the subscrip tion book. A committee was then formed for the purpose of marking out a training course and making some necessary alterations in the weigh ing yard. It was resolved to allow the erection of four publican's booths, to be offered at auction at an upset ptice of 15/.— Express. Diviubno is an Insolvknt Estate. — In the insolvent estate of How. and Thomson a dividend of fifteer.-sixtecntlis of a penny in the pound is announced. Onnsolntnry to the creditors ! The Aitiioachiko Knkotion for Yass Plains. — The writ for a now election for Yass cannot be issued until Parliament assembles, but n candidate is already in the field, in the parson of Mr. Robert Macintosh Isaacs — a leading barrister of tho Supremo Court, noted as (i politician for 'his bitter and scornful contempt for all such measures as are generally papular. Mr. Isaacs, however, will in ail propabiiity be elected, on tho strength of his advocacy of State- aid to religion, whioh is in favour with tho majority of the Yass electors. Heretoforo ho has always been a determined op ponent of tho Oowper Ministry, and most likely lie will take up the saino position if now returned to the Assembly ; but in tho present extraordinary jumble of affairs it is not easy to predict with cer tainty how parties will shapo themselves in the House. — Empire. Ue-ergotio,v of St. Mary's Cathedral,— The Freeman's Journal at Sal ur day states : — Tho col lections for tho rebuilding of tho Cathedral tiro progressing in a most satisfactory manner, and already, the treasurers have to their credit the large sum of 17,013/. By tho first of January they rely on having 20,000/., when it is proposed to com mence building. Mr. Wnrdell, of Victoria, is en- gnged in preparing the plans of a Cathedral which will ultimately cost between 125,000/, and 150,000/. It is not intended, however, that the wholo of this should be spent at oneo, but tho plans of tho future Oathcdrnl will allow of its oxtenBion, and it is ox- peeted that for 50,000/. suffioient accommodation can be provided to satisfy the requirements of the present day. This sum his Grace hopes to see collected within the next five years, at tho end of which, wo hppe to see the venerable Archbishop, who has so long ruled the chureh in this distant part of the world, officiate at the solemn opening of the Cathedra!. Kerosene i.v the Braidwood District. — On Monday night last n resident of this town exhibited at tho Commercial Hotel a piece of kerosene shale which lie asserted had been found in this district Tho stono burnt splendidly when lighted. Wo have no reason 'to doubt the statement of tho gentleman in whose possession it was as to its having been discovered in tho district, and tfe only hope that tho discoverer will, ns quickly as possible, look out for a purchaser of his socrot as to its whereabouts. ' — Dispatch. Gold from Brindabella.— Messrs. North and Thuinns brought into town on Saturday last about twenty ounces of gold from Brindabella, where their party is still patiently and diligently at work, and have been clearing at the rate of five pounds per man per week.— Queanbeyan Age. Prayers for Rain. — Prayer for rain is still being mado in tljo various places of worship. On I\ ednosday oyonin a socond speoial prayer mcet- ingin connection with the Churoh of England was held in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, Tho hall wus crowded — Qoulburn Ilerald. Kiandra, OoronuR 18. — On Friday Inst a largo number of Chinnmon assembled on a Iitllo flat ad joining tho township to witnesB two of their coun trymen engaged in n pugilistio encounter. Ono of tho combatants at length, finding himself getting worsted, by snmo means best known to. himself, managed to ontwino his pigtail around his oppo nent s neck, nnd very likely would have strangled him but for.tho timely interference of tho spectators On hearing of the affair the police politely- invited tho pugilists to tho eamp, there to pay the penalty attached to such breaches of tho peace. Mining news is very searoo. The parties on tho Charcoal diggings aro cutting new and extending old races, and to accomplish such an undertaking a little cash will be required as well as manual labour. It is rumoured that somo rich ground has been struck at the hour Mile, but I am unablo to furnish you with outhontio particulars yet. Tho weather con tinues quite wintry j ever since Sunday it has alternately hailed, snowed, nnd rninod, with sharp frosts every night. — Tumut Times. Narrow Escape from a Snake. — On Friday afternoon as Mr. Reynolds, of tho oystor saloon, wus walking along Grufcon-strcet, opposite Mr. Furner's store, he stepped on something sort, nnd on lookin" down perceived a brown snake between five and six feet in length clinging to the leg of his trousers. \- Mr. Reynolds succeeded in kicking the reptile off; and Mr. John Bull, coming up quickly despatched it. — Qoulburn Ilerald. Appraisements of Runs.— Tho subject of the revaluation of squatting runs or stations is still occupying public attention. Upwards of twonty districts havo been_ npprnised with varying re sults. Where a fair and unprejudiced arbitrator has had to apt a reasonable inoroase has been awarded, but in othors the squatting proclivities of the gentlemen who havo been appointed by tho Government has proved too much for them, and they have actually lowered instead of increasing the rental. In spite of this, however, tho result thus fur is satisfactory. The old charges upon tho runs already assessod amounted to 46,873/. 12s, 0d.,and tho present assessed rental 83,037/, IBs. 7d.— thus showing an increase of 36, 104/. 3s, lOd. When the whole of tho runB shall have been assessed, it is more than probable that they will realise doublo the former rental.— Freeman's Journal. Discovery of a Pay-able Quartz Reef near qubanbeyan. — Tho quietness of this town and neighbourhood has been somewhat disturbedduring the past woek by tho reported discovery of a rich quartz reof not far from town. Specimens of tho reel havo been brought into town, and all of them give evidence of nn unusually largo proportion of gold m the quartz visible to the nnked eyo. A quantity of the stone has been crushed by an ordi nary hammer, and washed, and thus without tho aid of quicksilvor has yielded beyond the most sanguine expootations. Several licenses have been already taken out by tho discoverers and others who are encouraging their enterprise i andsomoof tho quartz has been forwarded to Sydney for tho purpose of being proporlv orushod and tosted; and if the report returned bo sufficiently encouraging of which there appears to be little doubt, we believe capital is available for going into tho reof on a largo scale. Alluvial gold is also said; by practical miners who have visited the spot, to be found in payable quantities in a large area of ground around tho reef. Wo are not at liberty just now to stato tho exact locality of tho discovery, but from our own knowledge wo aro in a position to state that this is by far the most important gold discovery as yet made ia this district.— Age. A Golden Ohalioe. — In the shop window of Messrs. Brush and MacDonnell, George-street, thore is on view a beautiful silver gilt chalice. It is of the old Cambridge, pattern. At tho base of the cup are theso words This oholice is given to the Bishop (Patteson) of the Western Islands of the South Paoifio, for the use of his Mission. St. Andrew's Day, A.D. 1861." It was given to Messrs. Brush and MaoDonnell for the purpose of having placed in the neok of the ohalice u rich jewelled ring, supposed to be from a lady, found in the offertory.— Empire. Waqqa Wagoa Commercial.— Messrs. Powers Rutherford, and Oo.'s Agency (G. A. Elliot) re ports: — Fat cattle still continue to arrive in good numbers, but the water, and in many oases the grass, being so scarce tlieir appearanco on arrival here shows clearly that they will be little better than stores when they reach Melbourne. Mr. Read- ford s two mobs of about 800 have passed on and gone via Oorowa. I havo sold 207 head for W. Russell, Esq., to Messrs. Lavender and Wilkinson, also 200 head for T. O'S. Green, from Kirao, to J. Jenkins, Esq., at satisfactory prices. Store cattle - None have arrived since Mr. Hughes's lot from the Maequane, which havo gone on and have crossed at Harondara. No transactions to report. Fat sheep None now offering. 1 havo sold through S. C. V' North, at A'bury, 102 1. for Messrs. ttascli and Coffin, at 10s. 3d . light weights, fair quality. Store sheep : Trade almost at a standstill, owing to tho continu ance of tho drought, nnd until we havo rnin no transactions are expeoted to take plnco, unless at greatly reduced rntes. Horses : I havo sold several small "lots at current rates, and any in good condi tion will sell, but poor and inferior stock are almost unsaleable. Stock Repohts. — Qoulburn, October 20. — Messrs. P. Digntitn and Co. report:— Fat cattle: No cattio have passed through our bands this week. Our anticipation of n slight doolino has. however, proved well founded, a drnfc having been sold at the other yards at rather lower rates than have hcen ruling lately. The decline is. however, more nppareniii medium and inferior cattle, and'wo still feel justified in quoting prime at 20s. per hundred. Horses:! There is no inducement to offer horses just now. We expect an improvement in a couple months if j some rain falls, otherwise wo seo no prospect of a better mnrkot. Messrs. Finiay nnd Oo. report: ' Wo have have sold this week a draft from Bathurst I at tho following prices : First yard, 14 head, at 7/. 12s ; second yard, 14 head, at 6/ lOsj third yard, 11 head, at 6/; fourth ynrd, 11 head, cows, at 6/; -fifth yard, 12 hond.int 5/ ; sixth yard, 10 head, nt 4/1 6s ; seventh yard, 4/ ; average through out, 0/ 17s Gd : weight, a shade over GOO lbs. The character of theso oattlo with the exception of the two lending yards, may be said to bo only middling ; the two last yards plain. Wa aro still of opinion thnt cattio havo reached their highost, and that a alight decline must inevitably tako plaooj although cattio will continue throughout tho sousun to bring a much higher price than any of the two provious years. Our quotations are, prime 20s a 'hundreds fair, 18s. Store oattlo: None offering, although inquiries are numerous for lots of well- bred dairy cattle. We so'd n draft of very low conditioned heifers, at 31s. Sioro shoop : Nothing doing until after shearing. Horses : We sold twenty head light oolts and fillins at an avorago of 29s a head) weedy stock are very unsaleable. Braidwood, October 20. — Mr. R. Craig reports: — Sheep : I have sold 800 primo wethers, from tho Bland, on nccount of James Ohisholm, Esq.,nt 15s shorn, averngo weight about (10 lbs. ; delivery taken at Goulburn. Horses : No demand owing to the scarcity of feed. Sydney, October 20.— Mr. Thomas Dawson reports:— Fat cattio : Market full of indifferent and inferior cattle, which are diffi cult to ijuit at quotable prices. Fat shoep : This market is thoroughly glutted. Sales aro difficult to offoot at any price. Tho scarcity of feed about Sydney compels agont3 to sell, thero being no facilities for keoping them baok, nnd tho present stringent Scab Act ronders it impossible to send thoin back to their runs. A sorious loss must, therefore, full on those having sheep in such a market. Prices aro diffieult'to quote— from 7s to 12s with the wool on is about tho range. I mado an oxcellont. sale of about 1200 of Danger's at 13s Gd to lis. Watt's 100') woro passed, actually from want of buyers. Storo sboep and cattio, Tliere is little or no demand for this kind of stock, buyers holding off until rain has fallen and grass may bo dopended on. Horses: No ultoration to quote sineo Inst report. Wool, -Tallow, and Hides Markets. — Tho produce auctioneers held on Thursday their weekly sales of wool and sheepskins. The quantity of wool catalogued comprised 167 bales, of which 109 were sold. Several lots of the now clip wero sold, but not in sufficient quantity to show the roal state of tho market, Buyers wero cautious in their biddings, nnd indisposed to purchnso except at reduced prices. Sheepskins wero not so firm, and pjavo way in price to tho extent of Id per lb. The following was tho result of tho sales held : — Messrs. Mort and Oo. offered 75 bales of wool, and sold 30. Tho principal lot was 20 bales of flocoe, GT, whioh brought 19 d. Tho other lots ranged as follows :- Scoured, ICjd to 18di greasy, 10d; locks, 3d. Sheepskins: About 10,000 wero cata logued, but only about ono-hnlf of tho lots wero sold, at from 5d to 7d per lb. Mr. Brewster sub mittod at auction to-day 01 bales of the new clip of wool, fleece and greasy, all of which he dis posed of at the following prices:— FB with D under, 10 bales in grease, 8Jd : same mark, 12 bales ditto, 6tl ; AD, 39 bales fleece, I52d. Shcep- . skins, 41d to 0d. Messrs. Irwin and Turnor offered 18 bales of wool, nnd sold five at the follow ing prices (—Handwashed, lOJdj mixed, 8d to 13 d. Sheepskins: About 1800 wero sold, atOd to Cjd per lb. Mr. O. B. Ebaworth catalogued 13 bales of wool, and sold eight at the following prices : -Scoured, 19d; greasy. OJd. A lot of sheepskins brought 5d per lb. On Friday the usual public sales of tallow and bides woro held. The tallow market exhibited no clinngo, but hides wero loss in request, and sovernl lots were in consequence withdrawn. Messrs. Mort and Oo. offorcd 30 oasks of tallow, anil sold all at prices' ranging from 34/ to 35/ 15s per ton. Tho lota ottered were exclusively Btation qualities. Tho same firm also offered 010 hides, but sold only 337 at 0s Od to 0s 3d for inferior, and 10s Gd to lis Od for medium qualities. Mr. James Gra ham's catalogue comprised 59 oasks of tallow, of which 43 wero sold. 4 casks of prime mutton realised 38/ ; and beof and mixed station tallow from 33/ 10s to 36/ per ton; 01 medium quality hides realised lis Od j and 17 oxtra woiglits, well oured, 10a 3d oaoh. Messrs. Irwin andTurnerhad only 28 casks of tallow for sale, which realised from 34/ 15s to 35/ 1 5s per ton. 058 hides wero offered, nnd 498 sold at prices ranging from 0s to 8s Od for inferior, lis to lis 3d for medium, and 12s 3d for good heavy. A parcel, consisting of 05 calfskins brought 2ld each. The same firm also sold 43 sides of kip leather at Od per lb. IIolloway's Pills and Ointment. — Preventives of Weakness.— Whonever circumstances produce impure blood or lessen the force of circulation, stagnation takes place in the lungs, and consump tion or other formidable symptoms discover them selves. Let Holloway's remedies be tried on tho first feelings of debility, or on the first annoyance from a dry, hacking cough. The ointment should be well rubbed twice a day upon the chest and between tho shoulders, and the pills should bo tnken in alterative doses to purify the blood and cleanse the svstom, without weakening jt by rous ing or aggravating existing nervous irritation. Theso observations carry additional weight in summer, when decline and general weakness from heat and other onuses aro more apt to prevail. 