THE GLASGOW MURDERS. THE TRIAL AND CONFESSION OF DR. PRITCHARD. At 10 o'clock on Monday morning, July 3rd, the trial of Dr. Pritchard, on the charge of murdering his wife and mother-in-law in Glasgow, commenced in the High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, before the Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Ardmillan, and Lord Jerviswoode. The court-room was crowded, — i and many were disappointed in obtaining ad'- * mission. The indictment charged the prisoner * with administering tartarised antimony, aconite. » and opium to his mother-in-law, Jane Cowper Taylor, in tapioca and in porter or beer,, and in a medicine called Battley'a 'sedative solution, between the 10th and 25th of February, 1865; and it also charged him with administering on repeated occasions in February and March, 1865, tartarised antimony and aconite to bis wife, Mary Jane Taylor Pritchard, in articles of food and of medicine. The prisoner entered the dock at 10 o'clock exactly, dressed in deep mourning. He was calm and self-possessed, and looked coolly round the court when he had taken his seat. He is a stout, well-built man, prepossessing in appearanee, and with sharply-defined features. He wears his hair long, and has a large bushy beard, but no moustaches The prisoner's brother, Charles Augustus Pritchard, secretary to the naval commander-in-chief, Plymouth, by permission of the court took his seat beside him in the dock, and remained with him all day. The prosecution was conducted, in the absence of the Lord Advocate,, in London, by the Solicitor-General, assisted by Mr. Gifford and Mr. Crichton, advocate's depute; the defence was conducted by Mr. A. R. Clarke, Mr. William Watson, and Mr. David Brand, advocates. The prisoner's counsel moved the Court to separate the two charges of murder, on the ground that it embarrassed the defence to try the two crimes together. The Court unanimously refused to grant the request. The prisoner was then called upon to plead to the indictment, and in a clear distinct voice he pleaded ' Not Guilty,' and a jury having been empanelled, the evidence for the prosecution commenced about half-past 11 o'clock. The remainder of the day was occupied by the examination of five witnesses, three of whom were merely formal, and occupied only a few minutes. The two important witnesses were Catherine Latimer and Mary M'Leod. . The jury retired to consider their verdict about twenty minutes past 1 o'clock, and re turned' in about an hour with an unanimous verdict of ' Guilty' on both charges. The Lord Justice Clerk then sentenced the prisoner to be executed at Glasgow on the 28th of July, and in passing sentence said that the verdict of the jury proceeded upon evidence which could leave no reasonable doubt on the minds of those by whom it was considered. . The prisoner, who had maintained great composure throughout the five days of the trial, seemed greatly affected when the verdict was pronounced, and leant slightly on the police man sitting beside him, but while the sentence was being recorded he completely regained his composure, and after sentence was passed upon him he bowed to the Judge, and also to the jury, before leaving the dock. After Dr. Pritchard's conviction he was re moved from the bar of the Justiciary Court to the cell below, where he partook of tea. Im mediately on reaching the cell where the re freshments were set, he said to one of the policemen who had charge of him — ' I'm inno cent of this charge.' This was the only re mark he made. On going to take his place in the van he covered his face with his hat to pre vent the large crowd through which he had to pass gazing upon him. On the ensuing night, July 7, the prisoner was. very restless, like a person in a fever. He only slept about an hour. There were three warders with him all night who engaged in religious exercises, the prisoner joining willingly with them. He frequently asserted his innocence to those around him, and said he had been convicted by mistake. It appears he was so confident that the verdict would be in his favour that on the 6th he stated to those around him that he would immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi, On Saturday morning, July 8, Dr. Pritcbard was removed from the Calton Goal, Edinburgh, to Glasgow, under the charge of a criminal officer and three assistants. The prisoner was attired in the black dress suit which he had on during the trial. Before leaving the gaol he was shackled to the officers, and he remained fastened in this way through out the journey. He appeared quite composed and looked about him with the utmost coolness. His depaiture was witnessed by a large number of persons who had assembled on the platform. The following extracts are from Dr. Pritchard's diary : — ' 17th J ebruary, 1865. — Died here at 1 a.m.', Mary Jane, my own be loved wife, aged 38 years; no torment sur rounded her bedside, but like a calm, peaceful Iamb of God, passed Minnie away. May God and Jesus, Holy Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer till mine be o'er, everlasting love. Save us, Lord, for thy dear Son.' The convict shortly after made a written confession of the murder of his wife. The pri soner confessed his guilt to Mr. Oldham, Epis copalian clergyman, in a private manner, but, Mr. Oldham requested that Pritchard should write the confession, and he did so. The con fession states that Mary M'Leod, the servant girl, was aware that he was poisoning his wife, and that on the evening of his wife's death, ' when he administered a dose of chloroform, M'Leod vas present. Prisoner gives as a* motive for poisoning his wife, his improper in timacy with M'Leod ; and denies that he poi soned his mother-in-law, Mrs. Taylor — who, he says, died from an overdose of Battley's solu tion. He confessed to having drugged the solution found in her pocket after death, but denies that it was poisoned before she expired. It is said that when* his brother, sister, and daughter were present witb him the day previ ous to his confession, the latter had kneeled in the cell, and prayed him, if he had poisoned her mamma, to confess ; and it is alleged that he then acknowledged his guilt. The following account of the criminal will probably be read with some interest : — Edward William Pritchard is the son of Mr. John White Pritchard, a captain in the Royal navy, and was born in 1825 at Southsea, Hants. After going through the usual pre liminary education, he was apprenticed in September, 1840, to Messrs. Edward John*and Charles Henry Scott, surgeons of considerable practice in Portsmouth. During his apprentice ship he is said to have assiduously studied the elementary branches of bis profession and con ducted himself with great propriety. On the completion of his apprenticeship he came to London, and entered on his hospital studies at- — ^ King's College, in October, 1843 ; tbese, also, ^^** he prosecuted with great zeal, and his friends. ? v being desirous that he should enter the naval service of his country, he memorialised the authorities at the College of Surgeons to be allowed to present himself for examination at an earlier period than was at that time allowed; his application having been granted, he ap peared before the Court of Examiners on the 20th of May, 1846, and, after the usual exami nation, was admitted a member of the college. He then underwent an examination before the Navy board, and was duly gazetted an assistant-surgeon in her Majesty's navy, and has several relatives in the combatant branch. of that service. Those who know what the position of the medical officer iu the royal navy was at that time, and which is not much im- proved at the present time, will not be surprised that a highly educated and accomplished surgeon should endeavour to emancipate him- self from such thraldom. He therefore em- braced the first opportunity, and resigned all connection with the royal navy, and determined on-seeking private practice. Finding it was necessary to possess a double qualification, he presented himself before the Society of Apothe caries, and having passed the examination was admitted a licentiate of the hall. He had previously obtained (it is believed by purchase) the “ M.D.” of Erlangen. He then proceeded to Glasgow, where he practised with great success; until his apprehension for a crime second only in atrocity to that of the notorious William Palmer. While waiting for practice he sought amusement and profit in the use of his pen, and became a laborious contributor to tbe advancement of general and medical science; many of his papers are distributed through the pages of the Medical Times and Gazette, and the Lancet, the Transactions of the Pharmaceutical, Obstetrical, and King's College Medical Societies. He was the author of a “Visit to Pitcairn Island,” “ Observations on Filey as a Watering Place,” “ The Guide to Filey and Its Antiquities,” “Coast Lodgings for the Poor of Cities,” &c.; Dr. Pritchard was a fellow and member of nearly twenty learned societies and institutions in the United King- dom, and medical officer to several life as- surance offices. In personal appearance the convict is a tall, slightly-built man, about 5 feet 10 inches or 11 inches in height, with sharp pointed features, aquiline nose, and does not appear older than the age stated — viz., forty-one years. There is also connected with Dr. Pritchard another case on which perhaps he may be able to throw some light. Some three or four years ago a female servant in his employ was found burned to death in his house. She was found lying on her back on the bed, with the lower part of her person much burned, and the door was locked, but the key could not be disco- vered. At the time the case excited grave suspicion that she did not come by her death fairly, and it seemed almost incredible that a woman who was burnt to death should be found lying on her back. She naturally would have endeavoured to save herself, and the in- ference drawn from the odd circumstances was that the unfortunate young woman was already dead before the bed took or was set on fire. In reference to this circumstance, a Glasgow jour- nal observes: — “Some facts have come to our knowledge connected with the mysterious burning of the servant in his house in Berkeley Terrace, calculated to throw a deeper shade of suspicion over the occurrence than anything in the account of it contained in the narratives of the calamity. It is quite true that the door of the room where the servant was sleeping . was locked, but it was not quite so certain that it was locked from the inside. The key was not in the lock, but was found by Dr. Pritchard in a room full of smoke lying on the bed where the servant lay charred and lifeless. Nobody saw the key until it was in the doctor's hand, and how he could have so readily have found it in so unlikely a place, amidst the dense and almost suffocating smoke, remains a mystery that points only to one solu- tion. On a another matter— viz., the motive for the double murder of which he has been found guilty — considerable light is thrown by his relations with a wealthy heiress in. Glas- gow. - The young lady in question had some £14000 in her own right. Dr. Pritchard was on visiting and generally pretty familiar terms with the heiress, upon whom, simple and un- suspecting to a degree, no blame rests. Aware of her resources, the doctor sought a loan of some money. Before giving it, the young lady consulted a friend, who advised that the money should hot be given. The advice was acted upon, and the refusal broke up the correspon- dence. The hiatus in the intercourse thus created rendered it impossible for the prosecu- tion to introduce this episode into the trial ; but had matters all gone right, it is easy to perceive what light it would have shed upon the one point in the case on which no light fell in court, and no light has yet fallen in his con- fession.” Dr. Patterson, of Glasgow, has addressed a long letter to the Glasgow Herald in vindica- tion of his conduct in not having commu- nicated to any body his suspicion that Mrs Pritchard was being poisoned :— “Suppose” he says, “ that I had been such an obvious fool as to have acted in the manner suggested by the learned counsel for the prisoner, and also by the Lord Justice Clerk, I would have been a rash and bold man indeed, as sensibly observed by the Solicitor-General. Had I denounced Pritchard to his face, or stated my suspicions to Mrs. Pritchard, or gone to the criminal authorities and informed them of my suspicions, what, I should like to know, would have been my position ? Pritchard could have brought forward no less than three medical friends, all Edinburgh graduates, viz , Professor Gairdner, and Drs. Cowan and Taylor, not one of whom suspected Mrs. Pritchard was being poisoned by antimony ! Would the diagnosis of a Glasgow graduate have been believed for one moment when opposed by such a galaxy of professional talent and experience in con sultation? And this, too, at a time when there could be no ^postmortem, examination nor chemical analysis to bear tne out in the cor rectness of my opinion. The immediate con- sequence would have been most assuredly an action for heavy and ruinous damages. It is all very fine for Mr. Clerk to chaff me with being afraid of my purse and afraid of my person (Heaven knows my purse is light enough !) when he well knew he was purposely and designedly misleading the public and tbe press by subtly making it appear that it was Mrs. Pritchard's death certificate that I had re- fused to give, and at the same time totally ignoring the fact that it was Mrs. Taylor's, who died three weeks before her daughter, and also wilfully ignoring the fact of my letter to the registrar, in which letter I did all that should have been required for the purpose of saving Mrs. Pritchard's life had the registrar done his duty. Even as it was, after Pritchard's appre- hension, but before the analysis was known, the relatives characterised me as a villian, and vowed they would have me banished ; and some portion even of the Glasgow press held me forth as a moral coward, a stabber in the dark, and the whole matter was regarded as a cruel piece of malignant professional jealousy.” In a postscript Dr. Patterson, in fairness and in common justice to himself, calls upon the editors of all those newspapers and public journals who may have reported the Pritchard case, to give his letter full insertion, so as to counteract the false and erroneous impressions which have been propagated through their medium, that he, as a medical man, stuck so much on the etiquette of his profession that he would do nothing to save the life of a human being whom he suspected of being poisoned ; “and thus, I trust,” he concludes, “I shall yet rise like the phoenix, out of my own ashes from the great conflagration which some of the public journals, I hope and trust in total ignorance, have studiously endeavoured to heap upon me.” The convict keeps calm and composed, spending the whole day in reading the few books supplied out of the prison library, eating well and sleeping soundly. An appli- cation has already been received from a person ambitious of officiating on the morning of the execution. The rival to Calcraft, although quite unknown on the platform of the British gallows, states that he qualified himself for the task by a short but arduous apprenticeship during the mutiny in India, where he made his first essay amongst the rebel sepoys. The authorities, it is stated, have agreed to employ Calcraft. A Dutchman was relating his marvellous es- cape from drowning, when thirteen of his com- panions were lost by the upsutting of a boat, and he alone was saved. “And how did you escape their fate?” asked one of his hearers. “I did not go in te boat,” was the Dutchman's placid answer. We take tbe following from tbe Geelong Register: — “A curious fact in connection with the use of kerosene lamps has been brought under our notice. A gentleman in town had a picture, framed and glazed, hanging up in his parlour which he was in the habit of showing to visitors by holding it near a kerosene lamp of the ordinary kind, with globe and shade. By-and-by appears a crack in the glass of about an inch long, starting from the lower edge of the frame and this day after day extended over the entire sheet. Another crack of like ap- pearance, about two inches from the first like- ness, began its travels with the same result. The frame is old and thoroughly seasoned, so that shrinking of wood will not account for the cleavage. Careful observation and inquiry failed in discovering that any accidental touch had been given such as might clear up the mystery; and the whole affair would, no doubt, have been forgotton had not a large plate-glass mirror in the bedroom begun to show exactly the same symptoms. On the tray of the mirror had; frequently been placed a kerosene lamp. Still it seemed so unlikely that the heat of the lamp could have sufficed to crack the glass, that this also might have passed into oblivion had not our informant mentioned the matter in the presence of a few friends, some of them with similar experience to relate. They had also observed mirrors mysteriously cracked in the same manner, and in every case kerosene lamps had been used. Further inquiry elicited the fact that a very great number of people have suffered like loss without any assignable cause, save the kerosene lamp. The TASMANIAN HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY — That the amenities of Parliamentary debate appear to be imperfectly understood in Tasmania, the following passage, taken from the Hobart Town Mercury's report of a debate which took place last Tuesday will show: — “Mr. Gregson sup- posed, then, all this arose from the maladmin- istration of the present Government, and pre- ceding Governments, of course, had nothing to do with it. Now, the hon. member for King- borough was a deserter, and they all knew that apostates — Mr. Perkins desired that the ex- pression might be withdrawn. Mr. Gregson did not wish to offend the hon. member by making use of the word apostate, but — Mr. Perkins thought the hon. member for Richmond was an apostate. (Order, order.) Mr. Gregson, in continuation, said the colony lost its popula- tion in consequence of the gold-fields, and the higher wages in Victoria, and the higher wages in Adelaide. He trusted the hon. member for Kingborough would point out something which would relieve the present oppressed state of the colony, but the hon. member had last night spoken the most unutterable nonsense he (Mr. Gregson) ever heard. Mr. Perkins characterised Mr. Gregson 's speech as nonsense; his addresses were always unutterable nonsense. Mr. Greg- son would not submit to Mr. Perkins' criticism. He (Mr. Gregson) did occasionally rise in a vein of irony when a presumptuous ass was talking before that Assembly.” In England the elections have terminated in a splendid victory for the Liberals. Old Pam was certain, of success, and announced it beforehand in a humorous speech to the elec- tors of Tiverton. However the struggle was warm ; troubles broke out at Belfast, Notting- ham, Sheffield, and Cheltenham. There was a veritable tragedy in the latter town. A young gentleman killed a man in the street. The facts are as follows : — A man named William Tyrier, who has been employed during the day as, messenger for Colonel Berkeley, was walking in Wiges-street, with a companion. A band of music playing “Blue Bonnets” passed, and Tyner exclaimed, “Hurrah for the yellow bonnet”' (the colours of the Liberals). A well-dressed young man came up to him, whereupon Tyner said, “I have worked well for Colonel Berkeley: Berkeley for ever.” The yonng man, whose name is John Thomas Glass, drew a revolver from his pocket, and shot Tyner in the mouth, saying, “There is Berkeley for ever' for you.” A crowd soon formed, and Glass was taken to prison. A revolver was found on him, with three barrels charged. Tyner was taken to the dispensary, but all care was in vain, for he died on Thurs- day, at noon. As soon as he was shot, Tyner exclaimed, “Good God ! I am killed, I am dying!” He who perpetrated the crime ex- claimed, “My God ! sure the evil is not so great ?” Mr. Glass, who is a chemist, came to Cheltenham expressly to vote for Mr. Berke- ley's opponent, and it is a notorious fact that during the whole day he was a prey to violent excitement, Tyner leaves a widow and four children. A subscription has been opened for the unfortunate family — The Guardian Cor- respondent. 