THE TRIAIL AND CONFESSION 01' DIR. PRITCIIARD. (Moime News, 20th July ) At 10 o'clock on Monday morning, July 3, the trial of Dr. Pritchard, on the charge of murdering his wife and mother-in-law in Glasgow, commenced in the High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, before the Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Ardmillan, and Lord JTerviswoode. The court-room was crowded, and many were disappointed in obtaining ad mission. The indictment charged the prison er with administering tartarised antimony, aconite, and opium to his mother-in- law, Jane Cowper Taylor, in tapioca and in porter or beer, and in a medicine called Batley's seda tive solution, between the 10th and 25th of Feb., 185O; and it also charged him with ad ministerina on repeated occasions in February and March, 1865, tartarised antimony and aconite to his wife, Mary Jane Taylor Prit chard, in articles of food and of medicine. The prisoner entered the dock at 10 o'clock exactly, dressed in deep mourning. He was calm and self- possessed, and looked coolly round the court when lie had taken his seat. lie was a stout, well-built man, prepossessing in appearance, and with sharply- defined fea tures. lie wears his hair lbug, and has a large bushy beard, but no moustache. The prisoner's brother, Charles Augustus Prit chard, secretary to the naval commander-in chief, Plymouth, by permission of the court took his seat beside lum in the dock, and re mained with him all day. The prosecution was conducted, in the absence of the Lord Advocate in London, by the Solicitor-General assisted by Mr. Gifford and Mr. Crichton, advocates depute; the defence was con dneted by Mr. A. R. Clarke, Mr. William Watson, and Mr. David Brand, ad vocates. The prisoner's counsel moved the court to separate the two charges of murder, on the ground that it easbarassed the defence to try the two crimes together. The court unanimously refused to grant the request. The prisoner was then called on to plead to the indictment, and in a clear distinct voice he pleaded "Not guilty," and a jury having been empanelled, the evidence for the prosecution commenced about half-past 11 o'clock. The remainder of the day was occupied by the ex amination of five witnesses, three of whom were merely formal, and occupied only a few minutes. The two important witnesses were Catherine Latimer and Mary M'Lcod. Sub joined is a summary of the subsequent pro ceedings: Catherine Latimer, lately cook ins Dr. Pritchard's service, deponed to the circum stances and events of the household up to her leaving it. Mrs. Pritchard's illness began in October with frequent sickness. She went to Edinburgh to visit her mother in November, returned at Christmas. lHer mother and Miss Pritchard, who lived with her grand inamma in Edinburgh, came with her. Mrs. Pritchard then appeared to be in good health. She continued so for about a week, but after that became ill again. Witness was to have left the service on the 2nd, but owing to her mistress's illness she remained to the 16th of February. One night Mrs. Pritchard ex claimed, "Oh, Catharine I have lost my senses. I never was so bad as this before." She was seized with cramp about the 14th of February. Site was very ill, anrd called Mary M'Leod to fetch Dr. Gairdner. Dr. Prit chard was in the room when another doctor was sent for; he was crying, and witness heard deceased say "Don't cry, you hypo crite," or "Don't cry, for if you do you are a hypocrite," and she added that the doctors were all hyprocrites together. She told Dr. Gairdner she had chloroform, but she had never said so to witness. Witness continued in the service till Mrs. Taylor was brought back again frons Edinburgh. Mrs. Taylior said to witness, "I don't understand her ill ness. She is one day better and another worse." Mary M'Leosd, a girl of 17, housemaid at Dr. l'ritchard's, was between four and five hours under examination, and gave her evi dence with evident reluctance. She generally took up Mrs. Pritchard's dinner and tea, which she sometimes got from Dr. Pritchard, as lie sat with his family in the dining-room. Mrs. Pritchard often said, "I' wonder when this sickness is to stop." When witness was sent for Dr. Gairdner she heard Mrs. Prit chard say, "Don't cry; if don cry you're a hypocrite; it was you that did it." On one occasion Dr. Pritcharnid sent her up with a bit of cheese, which Mrs. Pritchard tasted, and asked witness to taste; it felt hot and made witness thirsty. Witness deponed to o the sudden illness of Mrs. Taylor; she said she surely had her daunhter's complaint. She died about midnight of the day she was taken ill ; she was writing letters in the consulting room at 9 o'clock, and was helped upstairs, where she became speedily ill and died. The prisoner had used improper familiarities with witness, and Mrs. Pritchard had seen him kissing her. Witness became with child to him. lie said lie would put it all right. Site had a miscarriage.-(Interrogated'-Did he do anything to you to produce miscar riage? But the question was objected to, as forming a separate crnise not libelled against the prisoner, and disallowed bIy the court.) 'The connection was continued up to the time Mrs. Pritchard visited Edinburgh, but not after some time before his with lurhned ill. lie spoke of marriage to witness. lie said ihe would marry her if his wife died before hiut. lIe gave witness a ring tile year before last; also ai broach the same month his wife died. lie gave hIis plotogrtlph in the locket, but witness had since torn it out.--Cross-examin ed : believed prisoner to be in joke when lihe spoke of imarriage. 'The court adjourned. Thie proceedlings were resumed on the following mnorning. ''The Court-house was ldensely crowded throughout tile day. ''Thele prisoner was calms and collected, thollgh looking a little less at ease than on tile previouls day, perhaps frost thie fatigue of long sitting InI the warmi court. Ilis hrothler again sat in the dock with him all dlay. The first witness examined was Mary Paterson, who succeeded Latimer as cook in Pritchard's service. On the 16th of Febru ary Mrs. Pritchard was ill, and witness never was upstairs to see her till the night of Mrs. Taylor's illness. Heard Mrs. Pritchard exclaiming, " Mother, won't you speak to me?" and went in and found Mrs. Taylor's body getting cold. She died the same night, and witness dressed the body, which had a pinkish streak on the left side. On the Tues day before Mrs. Pritchard died witness found a bit of cheese in the pantry, and ate a little bit about the size of a pea. After eating it she felt a burning sensation in the throat, and got sick and vomited. Her sickness con tinued front morning till night. Next day the prisoner asked witness to make some egg-flip for Mrs. Pritchard. The doctor gave her the egg, and while witness was beat ing it lie came once or twice into the pantry, and dropped in what witness took to be pieces of lump sugar. IIe said he would add the whisky when it came upstairs. On pour ing in the water to see if it was hot enough witness tasted it, and remarked to Mary M'Leod it had a horrible taste. She had the same sensation alter it as from the cheese, and continued sick till 4 o'clock next morning. Wh-en Mary h'Leod came down to bed she told her the mistress was so ill that she would not alow the doctor to leave the room. Wit niess did not see Mrs, Pritchard till the Fri day. She was well at noon, when she saw her drink something from a glass, which the doctor took from her. She became very ill at 5 and excited. She was raving about her mother. She asked witness to rub her hands and was much cramped. She spoke about her children incoherently. About half-past I witness was called out of bed to make a mustard poultice, and about 5 minutes after was called upstairs. The doctor was in bed with his wife. She touched Mrs. Pritchard and found her cold. The doctor proposed to apply the poultice, and to get hot water, saying she was only fainting; but witness said nothing could be done for a dead body. lie said, " Come back, come back, my darling Mary Jane; do not leave your dear Edward." And added, " What a brute I what a heathenl So gentle, so mild." Lie asked witnessed to shoot him; and in answer to her rebuke how he should stand before a righteous God, said, "True, Paterson; you're the wisest and kindest woman I ever saw.", Thomas Connell and Richard King, two students of medicine residing in the house of the prisoner, gave evidence similiar to prev ious witnesess, as to the symptoms of the illness of the prisoner's wife and mother-in law. Dr. Gairdner and Dr, Paterson spoke to the visits they paid to the deceased ladies, and the prescriptious they gave. They min utely described the symptoms. The former thought Mrs. Pritchard wast ntoxicated, and forbade more stimulants. The latter said he could not banish trom his mind that the symptoms betokened antimony, and refused to certify Mrs Pritchard's death, the ease being so sudden and mysterious, referring the the registrar to Dr. Pritchard. Evidence was called to prove the temperate habits of the two ladies. The court then adjourned. At the resumption of the trial at 10 in the morning on the next day, after some formal evidence had been given as to articles found in the prisoner's house. John Campbell, manager of the Apothecary's Company at Glasgow, gave evidence as to the prisoner having purchased at various dates from No vember 1864, to February, 1865, tincture of aoonite, tartarised antimony, tartar emetic, and laudanum. On February 9 he purchased I oz. of tartarised antimony, and 1 oz. of tincture of aconite. On February 8 he pur chased another ounce of the same poison, and on February It 2ozs. of tincture of digitalis. Witness never sold an ounce of tartarised antimony to a medical man before. lie had a large dispensing trade, and he was struck with the quantity of antimony sold to the prisoner, and also with the quantity of tinc ture of acneonite. He only sold two ounces of tartarised antimony in a year to the medical profession and the public in Glasgow. liHe spoke to selling prisoner since November last three ounces of Flemting's tincture of aconite. and said that he believed that ane ounce or two ounces would cover the whole of his other business during 12 months. The prisoter got more chlorform from him than all his other customers put together. lie had been a dispensing apothecary for 23 years, and in all his experience he had never furnished so much poison to any other medical man. John Corrie, chemist, Glasgow, spoke to selling prisoner, on the 18th Feb. last, two ounces solution of morphia, and once ounce Fleming's tincture of aconite. i-e also sold prisoner on 13th March last half an ounce of Fleming's tincture of aconite and three times in the month of March last quantities of solution of atrophinc. Dr. Douglas Maclagan, Dr. Littlejohn, and Dr. Gangee, Edinburgh, and Dr. F. Penny, Glasgow, gave evidence as to the result of the post-mortem examinations of the bodies of prisoner's wife and mother-in-law, and as to the result of the chemical annalyses of the contents of the dilrfferent organs. The sub stance of their testimony was that there were to morbid appearances mn the bodies capable of accounting for death ; that Mrs. Pritchard had taken a large quantity in the form of tartar emetic in repeated doses which had caused death, and that Mrs. Taylor had also taken a considerable quantity of antimony mn a succes ion of doses in the form of tartar emetic, which had caused her death. Dr. Pennyv said he had t found aconite in the bottle of Battley's solutitn of oapium, which was taken out of Mrs. Ta~ lor's pocket after ler death. Hu concludled from his experi inents that there was more than 5 pIer cent, lint less tItan 0to pier e nt. of aconite in the bottle. He lad made experiments with rab bits, and found that the genuine Battley's solution did not kill thoeu, while a mixture of aconite proved thftal. Dr, Maclagan was of opinion that in the case of Mrs. Taylor thLe symptonms described by the witnesses were such as sconite would have produced. It opium, aconite, and anti anony had been adminiisteredl at the same tuime, he would have antieilted the symletotus which lMrs. Taylor exhibited. Dr. Litthljohn was of opinion, after hear ing thu evidence, that Mlrs. Pritcehlard diedl fromn repeated doses of antimnony ainminister eed in saetil quantities, and that .11rs. Taylor might leve died tfrom a dose of atiimony aldministtered shortly before death, or else t'rom somnu of the sedultive narcotic poison. 'I'there was nothing to indulicato upoplexy as the calse ol death. 'Tartar oementic coull be readily bteaten withl egg-flip, tnd it sutifficiCent lose to keep up illness could be given in a lump ot sugar. Dr. Paterson, of Glatsgow, believed, after hoearing the evidtence, that thee death ot Mrs. l'Taylor was oceassionedl by a comnbination of entimouy andtl olinu ; he also said that it; the opium which Mrs. Taylor took had upwards of 5 per cent. of Fleming's tincture of ac onite in it, the effect would have been much more rapid, and much more likely to be fatal. Mr. Macbrair, trustee of the late David Cowan, of Portsmouth, proved that Mrs. Taylor had control of £3000 unider Mr. Cowan's will, and that Mrs. taylor had made a will leaving two-thirds of that sum to Mrs. Pritchard, and in the event of her death to Dr. Pritchard, who was to get the interest till his children should attain the age of 21, and after that time lie was to get the money for himself. In July, 1864, Mrs. Taylor bhad paid L500 to Dr. Pritchard. After some formal evidence, two declara tions emitted by the prisoner were then read. In the first, made on the 2nd of March, be sail his wife's last illness was gastric lever, and that he gave. lher no medicine at all hint self, excepting wine, nhaSmlgng, and brandy to support her strength, in order to procure her sleep. lie said be had given her a small quantity of chloroform, but it entirely dis agreed with her, and Ire discontinued it. lie sent for her muother to nurse her, and he ascribed his wife's disease to the agitation consequent on her mother's deathl. He said he had never given his wffe antimony but on one occassion, in Octo ber last. lie applied it externally to her when she had a swelling of a gland in her back. lie gave his wife a little bottle of antimony for the purpose of rubbing in be hind her ear. He used antimony extensively in his practise, and kept it in a cupboard in his consulting room. In his second declara tion, made on the 21st of April, he said he was in no way accessory to Mrs. Taylor's death, that he never administered poison to her, and that he believed she died from paralysis and apoplexy. This closed the ease for the prosecution, and the court adjourned at halt-past 5 until next morning at 10 o'clock, when the evidence for the defence was commenced. The evidence for the defence lasted only an hour and a-half. There was no attempt to rebut the medical evidence for the Crown. Two of Dr. Pritchard's young children were called to speak of the affectionate terms of their parents, and of the attachment between the prisoner and his mother-in-law. The prisoner was much affected while his children were under examination. The Solictor-General than addressed the jury for the prosecution. He went o'er the medical evidence and the history of the case, contending that it had been clearly proved that both the ladies had died of poison ansd that however thay came by that poison, neither the one nor the other took it wilfully. It was also clear that as the poison must have been taken in repeated doses it could not have been taken by accident, as the idea of suicide and the idea of accident were both out of the question. The jury were shut up to the conclusion that murder had been conmmit ed in both cases. lie showed that the only two persons who had access to the deceased ladies, any opportunity to perpetrate the murder, were the prisoner and the servant girl, Mary M'Leod. lie argued that the gradual poisoning of the wilfe could not have been done by a girl of 17, and that in the nature of the murder they could almost de tect the finger of a doctor. lie noticed the facts brought out in evidence as showing that the prisoner had the means and oppertunity of committing the murder, dwelling especially upon his dropping the sugar into the egg-flip which made the servant and Mrs. Pritchard sick. As to the case of Mrs. Taylor Irhe maintained that her death was clearly due to the aconite which had been mixed with Battley's solution, and that the evidence left no room to doubt that the prisoner had put the aconite in the bottle. He concluded by asking verdict or guilty. Mr. Clark addressed the jury for the prison er. He began by pointing out the horrible and incredible nature of the crime imputed to a member of an honourable profession, whose function it was to save life not destroy it, and who was now charged with turning his knowledge with a devilish purpose against two defenceless women of his nearest kindred; he was also charged with the incredible crime of, while able to employ the more potent poisons, preferring to poison by slow degrees, all the time comforting and sympathising with his victims. He also went on to spcar of the absence of all reasonable motive; as to the calouri with M'Lcod, no one could suppose that having already his desire grati fied, he could have any intention of marrying the girl ; much less was there any motive to murder his mother-in-law, who was always ready to assist himin his pecuniary uifliculties. lie accepted the alternative stated by the Solhcitor-General, that the murder was coni mitted by the pisoner or by Mary AM'Lcod, atnd commented upon the strange omission of the Crown to ask Mary M'Leod whether or not her hand had administered the poison. Mr. Clark went on to show that all the poison had passed through her hands, while all the drugs in the house were in an unlocked press within reach of the whole household. In the case of Mrs. Taylor he remarked that the poisoned tapioca had never been traced to any other hand than M'Leod's, there being no evidence that that the prisoner ever knew that the tapioca stas in the house at all ; he attributed DMrs. Taylor's death to an overdose of Batley's solution, taken to relieve the pain caused by the poisoned tapioca, concluding that the poison had not been in it at the time, it being absurd to suppose that the prisoner, who never was alleged to have had access to the old lady's pockets, would allow that bot tle to be about the house for a tronthi if he had put poison in it; he pointed out thIe op portunitica which Ml'Leod had had in her at tendance on Mrs. Pritchllard, and remrarked tbhad Dr. Pritchard lhad not prevented, but encouraged his wife getting a niurse anrd medi.. aeel advice, and showed that the prisoner had taken ino steps to keep people away who might have the means of watclting him. IHe concluded with a pathietic appeal to tire jury fbr a verdict of acquittal. Thie court then adjourned. The court met aigain on the following morniig, July 6i, at 10 o'clock. The public interest in the trial lhad greatly increased, and the doors of thie court rooni were besciged by Ihundreds of personts eager to obtain admis siou to hear thire judge's charge to thire jury. ThIe Lord Justice Clork, after referring to thre great atrocity of tile critrmes laid to the 1nrisonner's. crharge, anli the silngular means by whichl it was alleged lie perpetrated these crinstS, said there were three things of which the jury must be satisfied upon thre evidence. It thie first iplace, they must be satisfied that the deccased died cby poison; in the second place, that the poison was wilfully adminiis tered fbr the purpose of destroying life; and in tile third place, that it was the I?risoner at the bar who so antlmillistered it, or caused it to be so administered. llavirng gone over the medical evidence in regard to tile first question, hie said the jury wouldt consider whether it was possible to resist these con clsions, first, that Mrs. P'ritchard died from the action of antimony alone, administered in large quantities, and, secondly, that Mrs. Taylor died from the action of antimony either alone or in com bination with aconite and opium. In the case of Mrs. Pritchard tihe evidence of tile poison having been taken continuously for a period of muoltis cxelud.'d the Iossibllity of either naccident or suicide, a;:d, therelbre, it seenmed impossible to resis't the conclusion that the poison annst have been aldministered by some oneu for the purpose of destroying her life. The character and conduct of Mrs. Taylor and her general condition of body and mind are such as not to suggest the idea of sauiide in her case as a possifbility at all, and whvther sihe died through the influence of an thiony alaminist red int several doses, as the chemical reports clearly bore out, or whether iher deatll was broughttalo t immediately through swallowing some of the contents of the bottle of Batley's solutionl, it was difl. cult to understand how her death was cau9ed by accident. Thu jury would consider whe ther they could resist the conclusion that the poison by which Mrs. Taylor wasldeprived of life was also wilfully given for tihe very pur of destroying lite. The third question, which was one of vital interest in tihe cast, was whetlhr the prisoner administered, or pro cured to be administered, to either or both the ladies, the poison by aIliclt their lives were destroyed. His lordship went minutely into the cvidelnce relating to tilo illness and death of the two ladies, directing the atten tion of the jury to the fihct, and characterising it as "a very relmarkable circulstance" tllat throughout, whenever tile prisoner had ocoa sion to explain to anybody what he thought was the matter with his wife, he culled it gas tric fever, when all the sympltomns indicated the very reverse of her being under fever. His lordship also pointed out to the jury that the prisoner reported to the registrar that Mrs. Taylor had been under paralysis for 12 hours, which he knew was an absolute falsehood : and that the disease which ilntsne diately preceded death was apoplexy, while the medical evidence Iiad demonstrated that there was not a trace of apoplexy in thle case' The jury would consider whether, in the case of a professional man like the prisoner, he could under the circumustances, if his wife died under the effects of antitnonial poison, be so far deceived as to believe she died of gastric fever. After noticing tile evidence as to the poisoned cheese, the egg-flip, and the tapioca, his lordship said it appeared beyond a doubt that some one had been practising a system of poisoning, and that in possession of the prisoner were the agents to carry it on. If he understood the theory of the prisoner'a counsel aright, it was that Mary M'ILeod was the person who caused these murders, and that the jury must choose between her and the prisoner at the bar by balancing probabili ties; but the prisoner's counsel did not seemt sufficiently to advert to the possibility that both might be implicated, and if that was so they could have very little doubt who was the master and who set on the other; but hie (the Lord Justice Clerk) did not desire the jury to take this theory, and he thought it quite right that they should consider upon thle balances of probabilities which of the two was the perpetrator of the crimes. Was it conceivable that a girl, 16 or 17 years of age, in the position of a servant maid, could have herself conceived or executed such a design ? and if she had conceived it, could she have executed it, subject to the vigilance of the husband of her victim, himself a medical man? That was very hard to believe, indeed. On the other hand, if the prisoner conceived and executed the design, it was not so difficult to believe that Mary PL'Leod may have been the perfectly unconscious and innocent instru ment of carrying out his purpose. if they were satisfised the murder was committed, the parties who had access to Mrs. Pritchard only could have done it. Some of them were plainly innocent, and in case of others the probability of guilt was reduced to two; of these two one, or both, of them were guilty of the deed. (Concluded on foutrit psge). \- -. I i I I I I IIII I II Coatlixaatia of Dr. Prtctord's ra The jury retired to consider their verdict .joat 20 minutes pat I o'clock, and returned in about an hour with an unanimous verdict of " Guilty" on both charges. The Lord Justice Clerk then sentenced the prisoner to be executk-d at Glasgow on the 2?th July, and in passing sentence said that the verdict of the jury proceeded upon ei dence which could leave no reasonable doubt on the minds of those by whom it was considered. The prisoner, who had maintained great composure throughout the five days of the trial, seemed greatly affected when the verdict was pronounced, and leant slightly on the policeman sitting beside him, but while the sentence was being recorded he completely regained his compomere, and after sentence was passed upon him he bowed to the judge, and also to the jury, before leaving the dock. After Dr. Pritchard's conviction he was removed from the bar of the Jasticiary Court to the cell below, where he partook of tea. Immediately on reaching the cell where the refreshments were set, he said to one of the policemen who had charge of him-" I'm innocent of this charge." This was the only remark he made. On going to take his place in the ran he covered his face with his hat to prevent the large crowd through which he had to pa ing upon him. On the ensu ing night, July 7, the prisoner was very rest less, like a person in a fever. He only slept about an hour. There were three warders with him all night who engaged in religious exercises, the prisoner joined willingly with them. He frequently asserted his innocence to those around him, and said he had been convicted by mistake. It appears he was so confident that the verdict would be in his lavour, that on the Oth he stated to those around him that be would immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy to join Gari baldi. On Saturday morning, July 8, Dr. Pritchard was removed from the Calton Gaol, Edinburgh, to Glasgow, under the charge of a criminal offier and three assistants. The prisoner was attired in the black dress suit which he had on during the trial. Before leaving the gaol he was shackledto the o£feers. and he remained fastened this way throughout the journey. He appeared quite composed, and looked about him with the utmost cool ness. His departure was witnessed by a large number.of persons who had assembled on the platform. The following extracts are from Dr' Pritchard's diary:--" 17 February, 1865.-Died here at 1 a.m., Mary Jane my own beloved wife, aged 38 years ; no torment surrounded her bedside, but, like a calm, peaceful lamb of God, passed Minnie away. May God and Jesus, Holy Ghost, one min three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer till mine be o'er, everlasting love. Save us, Lord, for thy dear son." 