Tiie result of the division, yesterday morn ing, ought to convince the mercantile public of the hopelessness of tlieir resistance to popular demands. In a House in which every member either voted or paired, with the single exception of Mr M'Lellan, tho Government had a majority of twenty-nine votes. This result lias -surprised even the friends of the Administration ; and those who took so prominent a part in the agitation will not bo pleased to learn that their stub bornness and misrepresentations contributed largely to tlip success. With the importers the matter was one of purely personal interest. But they tried to work on tho public at large .by expressing a newly-awakened sympathy with the poor man. There was 110 response. The twelve thousand copies of the handbill of which the- A rtjus speaks, have failed to act upon the fears, tho intelligence, or even the ignorance of the laboring classes. 'The ' thousands of operatives who,' according to our contemporary, ' see in the tariff a death - ' blow to their interests, and can well tell ' their own talc, and are telling it,' must have spoken in whispers in tho most out of the way places, siiice their voices have never been heard. O11 tho contrary, the meeting at St. George's Hall, despite of its packing by Sandridge stevedores and lumpers,, and persons in the employment of importers, expressed with sufficient una nimity the opinion of the Melbourne ' ope ratives.' Exaggeration could not go much further than to assert that operatives regard the tariff with feelings of dismay. They, of all classes, have most to gain by the introduc tion of incidental Protection. Unless we aro mucli mistaken, tho operatives of cyery trade affected by the tariff have pronounced in its favor. But the Aryus adds, with the same reckless disregard of facts, ' that meeting after nieet ' ing is held in the leading towns, and, ' remarkable enough, the distaste to tho ' measure is as prominently expressed in the ' very localities which, at the first blush, the 'tariff is intended to peculiarly favor. ' The greatest sops in appearance have ' been thrown out to the gold-fields.' What are tho real facts? That, with the single exception of Sandhurst, at every meeting in the provincial towns the tariff has been warmly applauded. At Baywood, at Gee long, and at Bal!aarat_this. .lias been tho result. At the iatter place, the Free 'Trade demonstration was defeated. At Sandhurst, the tariff was condemned by a small meeting of merchants, held in the middle of tho day ; but a meeting of the miners and working classes, already convened, will, we think, ^re- verse the verdict as emphatically as St. George's Hall did that of the Criterion. Through misrepresentation and exaggera tion, urged by the merchants themselves and on their behalf, the triumph of the Govern ment is chiefly owing. Tlicy threw them selves into tho arms of the Aryus, and the usual result has happened. T.hey flattered themselves, at the dictation of that journal, that the Government would have but ' a ' ghost of a majority;' and Ave see Iioav they arc cheated. A vast majority of the gold fields members have voted for the tariff ; the vast majority of 'the miners are Protectionists. Is this a phenomenon in tho eyes of im porters ? Let them regard the fact as over whelming evidence that the working classes feel the necessity for new industries and new fields of labor. If it were true that the people are all profitably employed, then undoubtedly there would be 110 need of Protection. But is it not a fact that the gold yield has steadily decreased until it is little more than a half of Achat it Avas ton years ago ? Is it not a fact that, in the meantime, thousands of children have arrived at the period when they ought to be apprenticed out, and that there is nothing for them to do? Is it not a fact that the boasted intercolonial trade has been sustained by a scries of accidents rather than by a healthy growth? Again and again when the markets have been glutted, and the merchants 011 the verge of ruin, a sudden impulse has been given to trade by tho dis covery of some gold- field in the neighboring colonies, real or pretended. In what condi tion was tho boasted shipping interest when tidings of the Now Zealand fields came to hand ? In Avhat condition were the im porters? Both in much the same as they are now that tho Hew Zealand trade has ceased to be either extensive or profitable. Presently, the tariff will be blamed for tli.it depreciation of shipping property which is the natural consequence of its sudden and reckless increase. Soon, the diminished trade, consequent on tho diminished power of Hew Zealand to purchase, will belaid at tho door of the tariff. But tho working classes will not ho deceived, nor will the merchants, if they will follow the times, continue to suffer. The intercolonial trade of value is that which furnishes employment to our own pro ducing population. The gain from tho transfer of imports from this colony to some other is trifling. If it Avcre possible to attract capital, labor and machinery to exportable manufacture, there would then be a substantial gain. This change will conic speedily. Before they are awakened from their error, tho merchants will have begun to enjoy the benefits arising from increased activity amongst the working classes. Producing more, they will consume more. There may be diminished imports of some commodities, but there will bo a vast increase of others. Already the excitement has begun 'o sub side; It is discovered that things arc not so bad as they seem, and that tho intercolonial trade may be carried on, the duties notwith standing. Tho merchauts will have to learn that, as regards tho encouragement of local industries, there is, in the minds of the public generally, 110 such distinction as Protection and Free Trade. There arc few or 110 Protec tionists in tho sense in which the torm is ordinarily applied, and as few Free Traders. * Mr JIiiliNBOTiiAM's definition of tho new tariff, ' a change in the ' incidence of taxation,' unites Protectionists and Free Traders on a common ground. If manufactures, once established, cannot be sustained without duties, by all means let them founder. All that is sought is that they shall obtain a fair start. That commodities will bo increased in tlieir cost to the consumer is pure buncombe. The duties will, for the njost part, be a tax upon profits. The value of imports is too fluctuating to permit of any sensible difference in their cost to tho consumer to bo perma nently established. But the goods will, undoubtedly, cost more in tho hands of the importer, and the margin will permit of colonial producers stepping in to supply the retail demand. True to its narrow instincts, the Upper House has burked the measure designed for its reform. There is internal evidence, both in the debate and the division list, that the Council was more than half convinced of what was its obvious duty to tho country. But tho stunted comprehension of an effec tive minority failed to appreciate tjie deeply rooted convictions of the public upon the question. ' There were 110 petitions,' argued lion, members, 'and so it av;is evident that ' the people had no desire in the matter.' Vainly Avas it pointed out that, at the general election, one of the strongest points in- .almost every political manifesto Avas that of Legislative Council reform. Even admitting tho propriety of members of the Upper House ignoring the wishes of the con stituencies returning members to the Assem bly, there is still unmistakable evidence of the opinions of the property-qualified electors of the Council itself. The result of these unmistakably proved a determination to widen tho elective basis, and to reduce the property qualification of members of the Upper House. The provinces emphatically rejected the champions of obstructiveness, and in every instance returned members pledged to reform. Even Mr Miller l'ulb it necessary to abjure his previously ex pressed views, and conform to what lie felt was required at his hands by the elec tors. Other candidates, possibly 'more honest in avowing their real feeling, fell victims to their candor. Had Messrs Hope and Power undergone the same rapid change of opinion as Mr Miller, they might have hold their seats to-day, nor need Air Pinnock have been restored to the undisturbed enjoyment of his leisure. Yet, in the face of evidence so convincing, lion. . members had the hardi hood to pretend a belief that there was 110 public desire for Upper ! louse reform ! The decline in the value of property is, in itself, a sufficient argument for re ducing tho qualification both of mem ber and elector. It cannot be controverted that as good a house can now be rented for £50 per annum, as was obtainable ten years ago at £100 ; and yet, by such an arbitrary change as this, thousands of electors have been disqualified. The Ministerial measure purposed the restoration of the elective rights to those persons contemplated to enjoy it by the Constitution Act. It cannot be pre tended that the elector of 1354 is less qua lified to exercise the franchise in 1805, merely because lie pays less rent. That fact need not have diminished the conservatism of his views, nor affected his elective intelligence. Yet, by tho process of depreciation in the value of property and the lowering of rents, we find tho electors of the Upper House reduced in ten years from eighteen to eight thousand; And this, bo it marked, in the face of a population enormously increased in the period. The Legislative Council has, however, determined to ignore its spirit by clinging to the letter of the Constitution Act. The 'honorable members have a not altogether surprising dread of coming often before their constituencies, and so they object to quinquen nial elections. A £50 freehold qualifies the Upper House elector in South' Australia and Tasmania, and the candidate is not called upon to prove property qualification at all. In Hew South Wales the uominees ivho con stitute the Home are submitted to 110 pro perty tax. It remains for the progressive colony of Victoria to betray the vulgarity of the parvenu by constituting material Avcalth the final test of legislative fitness. Nor can Ave he surprised that Avhat Mr Higinbotiiam happily termed the. ' conglo- ; ' meration of the wealthy loAver orders' should decline to divest itself of its fossil characteristics. When .senile imbecility goes the length of quoting Earl Grey in proof of the headlong democracy which prevails amongst us, what hope can avo have l'or any reform of the Upper House springing from itself ? Because Earl Grey is of opinion 'that the political changes which ' have been sanctioned in the colony have ' been all for the Avorst — that their tendency has been to foster everything that was bad, ' and to give an improper ascendancy to the ' ultra - democratic party,' therefore a thirtieth part of the intelligence of the Le gislative Council insists on its privileges of obstructiveness. Will Mr Hull acpept the further opinion of tho noble lord that, because wc foster everything that is bad, aa'c should foster British convicts too ? Tho offering of such opinions by members of the Upper House furnishes in itself evidence of the necessity for bringing Legislative Councillors before their constituents oftcner than onco in ten years. So prolonged a tenure of the Upper House seats is dan gerous in the extreme. The Council becomes practically irresponsible. Violating fair elec tion professions, au interested majority of the Council might, Avithin a deende, so influence for evil the future of tho country that re trieval would be impossible. One of tho most interesting and. instruc tive episodes of tho debate was the lion. Henry Miller's account of his oivn conver sion to the jiopular view of Council reform. He considered Mr Fraser's proposition for a reduction of property qualification ' absurd,' and strenuously op posed it ; but, to secure his re-election, ' lio ' had acted in accordance Avitli public opi ' liion,' and gone in on the democratic ticket. Mr Miller, undoubtedly, pays the price of his seat by voting for the measure, but he bitterly inveighs against tho ' demo ' cratic jiQAver ' Avhich had ' ostracised ' those members avIio had the courage of their opinions and thereby lost their elections. That many of Mr Miller's tenants, ' who ' Avcre unable to pay their rents, ' had secured tho privilege of the ' suffrage,' may be construed as implying cither that their landlord's theory of rent may be peculiar, or perhaps Air Miller would desire the privilege of the suffrage to be used as a rent-extorting instrument— an acquit tance to constitute an electoral right ! A section of the Legislative Council has displayed unmistakable hostility, to a refor mation which is almost unanimously desired throughout the country. Some members openly avow their views that eight thousand electors aro a sufficient constituent body to elect the Upper House. Others, Avhose antecedents nre of the humblest, ven ture to rail 011 what they term tho democratic institution of manhood suf frage. There will evidently be 110 reform without stringent pressure from Avithout, and it Avill now be tho duty of the people of Vic toria to offer proof that they do uot purpose submission to tho selfishly interpreted con struction which tho Legislative Council has put upon their hitherto decent reserve. In capable of appreciating the generous popular confidence Avhich entrusted the Council Avith the duty of self reformation, that ob structive body must now bo convinced 'that, it is compulsory upon it to bow to the will of the people. The division list of Tuesday last Avill not be readily erased from public memory, and, unless there bo some such marvellous conversions as that of Mr Miller, honorable members can reckon accurately how long they have to enjoy the privileges of the Victorian peerage. Although reform of the Upper House is shelved for the session, the next elections for tho provine'es will turn upon this point, and the required absolute majority will be easily secured. ? ? ? ? ? In the Legislative Council, yesterday, the President took tho chair at a quarter past four o'clock. Mr Hervey moved tho second reading of lho Land Act (1862) Amendment Bill. He described tho bill as ombodyiug tho views expressed by the ooiiBtitnoncios at the late elections, candidates having gone before the country upon a distinct issuo. Ho said tho provisions of tho bill were of a less artificial character than tboso of its prod e- eessors, and it was specially intended to guard against tho lands falling iuto tho hands ot other than bonajidi agriculturists. It was not clogged with penal clauses, but it contained ample provisions to prevent future evasions. Mr Fawkner soconded tiio motion, accepting this bill as the most liberal that tho Houso would _ ever approve. Ho was dosirou3, however, of seeing it slightly nraendetl in several respects. Mr Stracii.in objected to the bill, becuuso he thought it a buif- aad-linlf nuasuro. It neither recommended auction nor froo selection, and tho bill had, in fact, no policy. Mr Mitchell intimated his intention of supporting tho second reading of tho bill, because it was absolutely necessary that a measure should be passed for tho roliof of tho agricultural classes. Ho stated it was his intention to proposo lho in sertion of now clauses in committee, empowering the Governor in Council to tuko from a run so much as did not exceed a quarter of tho whole, provided such fourth should bo that furthest from tho homo station, and put up tho smno for lease by auction, the upset price to bo tho amount of assessment now paid upon it. Ho proposed that tho lauds Bliould bo leased for seven years, in blocks not ex ceeding 10,000 acres, and that such lands should not bo taken nnless tho shiro council cortiiied they were of a character not desirablo to rosorvo for agri cultural purposes. Mr Sladen opposed tho bill in a lengthy speech, directed chiefly to show that the measure' would not prevent evasions, that it would discourage the investment of capital, and that it would not improvo tho public estate. Xo reserve so much land for agricultural purposes, ho thought, would havo the effect of locking up tho 'resources ot tho country, as tho people would not be able to oc cupy the land it was proposed to give thera. He noli li id his iutention of moving a number of amendments in committee. Mr Hull opposed the bill, and Mr Jenner supported it. Mr Murphy said I10 would vote for tho Bcond reading, but should oppose tho third rending, unless tho bill wore amended so as to provide for an increase .of tho squatters' rents. Mr a'Becicett supported the second reading of the bill ia ordor that the Land Act of 18G2 might bo fully nnd fairly tried. Mr Lowe and Mr Taylor supportod tho bill, but the latter objected to several clauses. Mr Miller approved of the measure, be causo it would benefit capitalists, or rather the persons now in possession of lands, nnd liuve the effect of keeping tho present owners in their posi tions. Mr M'Crae having been heard in support of the bill, the question was put, and tho motion for tbo second reading carried without a division. Tho bill was committod pro forma, and leave ob tained to sit again the following Tuesday, tho day to which tho House, at ton o'clock, ad journed. In the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, tho Speaker took the chair at half-past four o'clock. A petition was presented from the miners, store keepers and others resident in Haywood in favor of tho tariff. In reply to Air Crews, Mr M'Cvllocu stated that it was the intention of tho Government to bring in a bill to amend tbo law relating to the polico force, nnd that tho 24th elauso of the pre sent net had boon repealed. Kir Berry asked Mr M'Culloch whether tho Government intended lo tako any action with regard to the ship Shenan doah, now at anchor in Hobson'a Bay, which ship, ho stated, was tho Sea King, reported to ? have been wrecked, but now sailing under another name. This -BtatameBt ho proposed to .prove- by oneans-of a letter received by him from a lady, which showed this to bo tho identical rosso!. Ho asked, further, whether it was intended to confiscate tho Shenan doah and to panisli her cfiioers for a misdemeanor in accordance with tho provisions of tho neu trality proclamation. Mr M'Cullocii ? stated tho Government had had tho matter under tkoir consideration; and, besides having tho neutrality proclamation, beforo them, had also had a pri/ate dospatcli from the Imperial Government, stating what had been dono in a similar case, and that it . had been found that they could not troattko Shenan doah as a pirate, nnd had not tho power to interfere, Imt wero bound to allow her to provision, and to effect such nocessnrv repairs as were required lo render hor seaworthy. Somo discussion took place upon n motion of Mr Dyte, for tho suspension of the standing orders N03. 5 and 8, aud that leave should bo given to introdnco a bill to incorporate tbo Ballanrnt and Ballaarat East AVutcr Commission. It w'as objected to, on tho ground that tbo object of tbo company was' to divert tbo couvso ot the Lnl Lai Creek, to tho prejudice of tho Lai Lai AA'uter Company. Tho discussion was postponed. Tho standing ordor No. 7 was suspended, and leave given to introduce tho St. Kilda aud Brighton Railway Companies Sale Bill. Tho Mel bourne and Hobson's Bay Railway and tbo Mel bourno Railway Companies Amalgamation Bill was read a second timo. Tho Houso then went into committee of ways and means for tho consideration of tho proposed tariff, nnd tho reduction of lho duty on lea by 3d per lb was, after a lengthy discussion, in which a strong feeling was exhibited by m any lion, members that the entire duty should bo abolished, carried on a division by a majority of 18. Tho next ilcmB of ' 3s duty on sugar and molasses, nnd Id per lb on dried fruits, were adopted. On tho motion of Mr Verdon, tho further discussion of tho tariff was postponed until to-day. On tho motion of Mr Pope, the petition of Mr Hargrcaves, recently presented to the House, was ordered to bo printed; and the Houso rcso at eleven o'elock. 