PLUVIAL STATISTICS; We are indebted to the kindness of Dr. Englehardt for the following meteorological information:— Hamilton, January 25,1865. What a refreshing task it mast be to contem- plate the rainfall of three years at a time when we are gasping after a fresh breeze, when the thermometer under a cool verandah comes close to 100° F., when men and beasts succumb to the powerful rays of a semitropical sun, and the kingdom of vegetation droops unto death. Never more, since Ebenezer met Rebecca at the well, up to the present time, did the proud Spaniard, or the desert-roving Arabs when greeting each other at the verdant oasis with Salam aleika, worship the well than do we at the present time, and with up, I fancy, many other South Australians. The poet that sung of old "O fons Bandusiæ splendidur vitro," I m an our ancient friend Horatius Flavius, when he praised the virtue and quality of a limpid fountain, would, I imagine, come out much stronger if his ghost were to visit our thirsty segment of the globe, and take up its quarters at Kapunda or Wallaroo. But your readers, may, perhaps, think that effusions of this kind are ill- suited to the columns of your paper, and therefore I return to prosaic facts and figures. Perhaps some of your readers, not being in- terested in meteorological pursuits, may be in- clined to think this this part of the southern hemisphere is rather dry, and devoid of the liquid element; but when perusing the annexed statistics they will find some reason to alter their opinion. Of course I wish it to be under- stood that the observations of three years are only of comparative value, and not sufficient to yield an average; but I believe even these few figures will be found interesting when compared with the meteorological observations of some places in Europe. The fall of rain at Hamilton during the year 1852 was 28 070 inches, during 112 days; this brings us near the average of Rome, where twenty-nine inches of rain usually fall during 120 days. However, during 1863 there was a fall of 32-755 inches in 113 days, an amount equal to the average of a place midways between Rome and Geneva. The following year, 1864, shows a considerable shortcoming in the liquid element, inasmuch as the rain-guage shows only 20,145 inches in 113 days. Corresponding to it would be the rainfall at Paris and Ratisbone, with twenty one inches of rain, but rather an increased number of rainy days, namely, 140. Thus it will be seen that, everything consi- dered, we are not so badly off for rainwater and that the present distress for fresh water is mainly owing to the sluggish indifference, to the want of providence among our fellow- colonists. Catch the treasure when falling in abundance from heaven, and you will have plenty in times of need. 