L^TER NEWS 'FROM' .'- ' .? ?? ;Bi:GLif:]). By the Ethiopian, which arrived in Hobson's Bay, on Tuesday, we are placed ? in' possession of ^English papers to the 2nd of November, being seven days' later dates than .those to hand by the . last mail. We make'the following extracts : — The late Explosion at Erith. — The inquiry into the causes of the late terrible explosion near Erith was resumed yesterday. We regret to have to re nrvrfc another death, makinrr the thirteenth which has resulted from this deplorable accident. The suf ferer was a little boy named Yorke, who belonged te a family which had already sustained severe losses. A good deal of evidence had been taken, and tke inquest was again adjourned. — Shipping Gazette, November 1. Serious Eire at Finsbury. — Between the hours of one and two o'clock a lire broke out on the pre mises belonging to Mr Cook, a cabinet-maker, situate in Eopemaker street, Einsbury. So intense was the heat, and so dense the smoke, that six persons in No. 2b were unable to descend the stairs beyond the first floor. Conductor Freeman arrived with the Royal Society's escape, and brought them all down i* safety. The firemen at once saw that all attempts to save Mr Cook's premises would be use less. The steam- engines and others were set to work from an abundant supply of the New River : Company's water, and by casting some thousand gallons of water per minute into the blazing pile, the flames were prevented from destroying the neighboring houses. Four, which were let to seve ral families, were, however, severely injured by fire, ?and the contents by water and hasty removal. Mr Cask's premises were totally gutted, and, unfortu nately, tne men h wurcuug luuia were uuisuu^eu. The origin of the disaster could not.be ascertained, and, during the excitement which prevailed, it was impossible to learn whether any of the sufferers were insured or not. — Evening Express, Nov. 2. * - The Exodus from Liverpool. — Yesterday (Tues \ * day) the Government emigration officials at Liver V . pool furnished our correspondents at Liverpool k with the emigration returns for the month of Oo | tober. These figures show a large falling off in js the. number of passengers sailing from the Mersey I during October, when compared with the returns | of previous months. To the United States there I sailed 12 ships under the act, with 57ul passengers, :i , 3576 of whom were English, 2870 Irish, 241 | '; Scotch, and 833 foreigners ; to Canada there were ?i ''*? 4 ships, with 448 pausengers ; of whom 203 were' 1 ' English, 87 Irish, 5 Scotah, and 20 foreigners; to i Victoria there were 2 ships, with 664 passengers, of | whom 238 were English, 318 Irish, 41 Scotch, and j x / 20 foreigners. Of ships sailing free from Govern | f ment supervision, 8 were to the United States, j with 507 passengers ; 1 ship to Victoria, with 36 1 passengers; 2 ships to the West Indies, with 14 \ passengers ; 4 ships to South America, with So pas sengers; 2 ships to East India, with 11 passengers ; . 1 steamer to Africa, with 36 passengers. In the corresponding month of last year there sailed 12,083 passengers. — Evening Express, January 2. Serious Railway Accident in Ireland. —A i railway accident, attended with fatal consequences, ;'. ? 'took place on Sunday night, near the town of Bal v ' linasloe. As the one o'clock p.m. train from Dublin I to.Galway reached the Bog. of Ckrara, in conso |T qae'nce of the extreme rapidity at which it was then '! proceeding, a third class carriage in immediate con i nection with the engine ran off the rails, break | * ' ing the coupling between the tender and the train. | The engine ran a considerable distance in advance jl ? of the train ; tbe carriages following propelled the J|N first carriage with so much force that it ran down ' t.liA f-inl)n.nkmpnf. int.n t.lifi nrHnirnnor ficiii /Ivnirnminr ,-' the others after it, and partly overturning the first s and second carriages completely, which were imme | , diately shattered ^to pieces. The other carriages I . were drawn from one side to the other, and com il pletely blocked up the line. The result of the acci i dent was that two persons lost their lives, and six jt others were^ severely injured. Those killed were |j Mr George Glanville, builder, of Ballinasloe, and 1 Mr Thomae Henry, mason, Galway. — Telegraph, ] ? November 1. Tho Mercantile Gazette of 2nd \ November sayp : — The railway accident near Bal \ linasloe was the subject of investigation on Monday, * . when Mr Davis, coroner, held an inquest on the i ? bodies of Mr Glauville and Thomas Henry, at \ Mocklar's Hotel, Ballinasloe. The former, a ; builder, has left ton children, all, except two, de j , pending on him for support ; the latter; a stone ' mason, has left a widow and two children. The train consisted of two composite first-class car riages, two third-class carriages and a break-van. The third-class carriages were occupied mostly by I harvest-men, who were returning home. Six persons ,' ~ received serious injuries, and about twenty others ? * ? were more or less bruised. They were immedi ; * ately removed to Ballinasloe, where they were \ . placed in the hotel and in private houses, and re ( ceived prompt attention from the medical men of ] , the place. The news of the disaster having been 1 .. telegraphed to Dublin, Mr Forbes, the traffic man i , ' ager, arrived about nine p.m. by special train, : bringing with him Surgeon Fleming. Mr Ennis, i! ' ? s ? M.P., chairman of the line, with several of the di n rectors, arrived on Monday morning, and they were I 'joined by Lord Clancarty and Lord Dunlo. The I resident magistrate, Mr J. M. Hatchel, and the sub 1 inspector of constabulary, Mr Sweeny, had also jj ? ' hastened to the spot. The directors show every dispo rt sition to have a searching inquiry into the cause of the I accident, which is still a mystery. Mr N. T. Hawke, I a gentleman from Plymouth, who was in a second | class carriage, deposed that the train wa3 behind f time in leaving Athlono, nnd that after some time the r speed was increased until it became fearful aud , ? alarming. He remarked upon the violentoscillation I . to Mr Pearse, a fellow passenger. He thought the ; speed was between fifty and sixty English miles an England and Wales about 15,000 miles a year by rail, ho never felt such oscillation before. A shock soon took place, when he exclaimed, ' Good Go-3 ! there is ? something wrong ; ? ??? there is some accident.' He said his compa nion then got out. They saw tho carriages fear fully smashed, and heard soino of the passengers shrieking and groaning. Two wero dead. Othora were wounded and bleeding. Tho driver was cool and collected, but seemed to be horrified. Ho did not see the guard or tho engine-drive. Mr F. Le I Poer Trench, who was in a first-class ' carriage, described the motion, not as oscillation, or as shak ing from side to side, but as a cerie3 of '? bumps,1' us if the carriages went over a stone. He. could not tell the rate of speed, but he was not struck with the impression that they were travelling faster than usual. The guard told him that he had been thrown on the opposite aide of the carriage, and ho was himself obliged to keep his hands on parcels in order to keep them on the seat. Tha inquest was adjourned. Trial for Murder in Ireland. — The trial of' Mr Odell, a barrister, who was indicted for shoot ing a bailiff while in the execution of his duty, was concluded at Dublin on Saturday, befere the Lord Chief Baron and Mr Justice Ball. The medical evidence proved that at the time the pri soner committed the offence he was not of sound mind. The jury, therefore, acquitted him on the ground of insanity, and he will be confined during the pleasure of the Lord Lieutenant. — Telegraph, Nov. 1. ? . Opening of the Thames Valley Railway. — Yesterday morning this Eew railway, which is a branch of the London and Soutlv Western Railway, was opened to the public for passenger traffic. The line is seven and n, half miles in length, and, form ing a junction with the now Kingston branch near ? Twickenham, will provide railway communication for a large and wealthy district between Twicken ham and Shepperton, the latter being the terminus of the Thames Valley Extension. It is a single, line, the stations which are at Fall well, HamptoD, Sundbury and Shepperton, with the exception of the first named, being provided with loop sidings. There is also a loop siding at tho Thames Valley junction with the Kingston line, while semaphore signals have been erected for the working of the traffic. — Evening Express, November 2. Visit of General Todleben.— Chatham, 5th November: — General Todleben, who is now on a visit to this country, arrived at the garrison this morning, for the purpose of inspecting the naval and military establishments. The general, who was accompanied by General SirJohnBurgoyne, G.C.B., Geeeral Sir Frederic Smith, K.H., M.P., Captain the hon. G. Wrettesley, Mr E. J. Reed, chief con- j structor of the navy, and the members of his suit'5, I was received, on alighting at the railway station, by ) Major-General Sir R. Walpole, K.CB., Colonel Lovell, C.B., Colonel Collinson, and other officers ; and having entered the carriages in - waiting, were driven to the dockyard, where they were received by Captain Stewart, C.B., and the other officials of that establishment. Here they spent a considerable time in inspecting the Bellero pliou and Lord Warden, iron c ad frigates, both of ) which are building from the designs of Mr Reed. | About an hour was spent by the general and the other visitors in inspectingfboth frigates, Mr Reed explaining the chief points of interest in(connection with each. After, leaving the. dockyard General Todleben and suite, accompanied by the other visitors proceeded to the Royal Engineer estab lishment, where they took luncheon in the Royal Engineers' mess-men, to which a party , of . about fifty of tho principal naval and mili tary ofiicer3 of the port and garrison had been invited. After luncheon General Todelben visited the principal objects of interest at the Royal En gineers establishment, including the halls of study, museum, schools and other departments, after which . he proceeded to the field works, where upwards of an hour was spent in traversing and inspecting the parallels, magazines, batteries, nnd other defensive works constructed by the Royal Sappers and Miners during the past summer. On leaving the, field works General Todleben returned to Brompton Bar racks, and shortly afterwards quitted tho garrison for London, the usual guard of honor being dis- I pensed with. — Express November 2. The Cotton Manufacturing Districts. — The Bolton beard of guardians have had the question of union rating tinder discussion, at the request of the Poor Law board, and have decided against it by a majority of 1, the voting being 17 to 16. The return published by the chief cor stable, at Bolton, at the close of September, showed that 3836 were working short time, and that 3643 wero out of work. In Oc tober, however, .the number on short time is in creased to 8770, and those out of work to 5061. There was also an inorease last , week of 311 in the number on the books of the relief committee. The board of guardians last week relieved. 4307 persons, tho previous week being 4,161; being an increase on the week of 146. On Monday afternoon an open air meeting of unem ployed factory operatives was held at Oldham, to to take into consideration tho present condition of factory workers in Lancashire. It was computed that there were about 4000 persons present. The chair was occupied by Mr 'Kinder Smith, who condemned the Central Committee of Man chester for not distributing the money en trusted to their care in a more liberal manner than they had done. Mr John Matthews, of Manchester. nroncsed tho first resolution — ' That. in consequence of the wide-spread distress that pre vails in the cotton districts by the continuance of the war in America, this meeting is desirous that her Majesty's government should bring their influ ence to bear, together with the governments of France and other European Powers, in stopping tho awful destruction of life and property that is now going on in that unhappy country.' Mr J. cshun Coop seconded tho .resolution, which was then agreed to. Mr Mortimer Grimshaw then moved a resolution to the effect that her Majesty's government bo memorialised to bring about an immediate and total repeal of the duties on cotton yarn and cotton goods imported into British India; and that the borough and county members bo requested to accompany a1 de putation appointed to. present such memorial to Lord Palmerston. He condemned ,the policy of Sir Charles Wood in India, contending that it had had the effect of decreasing the exports of cotton yarn to that country oue-half , and of cotton goods nearly one-half. He quoted numerous figures in support of this statement, and contended that Lord Stanley ought to bo put into tho place now occupied by Sir Charles Wood. The resolution was seconded, and unanimously adopted. — Express, November 2. Notification of Blockade. — It is notified in last night's Gazette that Earl Russell, K.G., her Majes ty's Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, has received from her Majesty's Acting Charge d' Affaires at Caracas a despatch, enclosing a'copy of a decree, dated tho 13th of September, 1864, issued by tho head of the Venezuelan Government, declaring that an insurrection having occurred in tho State of Giiayana, tho part of the coast extend ing from tho mouth of Vagres to that of Navios, all tho canals formed by tho DeJt;i of tho Orinoco, and the margins of that river, including Ciudad Bolivar, are closed, and the ports, .coasts and. villages of the same are blockaded by the Venezuelan Government. —Express, November 2. .-. Extraordinary Scene. — Preparing roit Death. — On Tuesday morning last, at an early hour, 'a ,ceremony of a very peculiar character occurred at ttie West Bromwich Cemetery. At about six o'clock, Mr George Wilks, an octogenarian politician, who had been taking a loading part in affairs of a local nature for many years, accompanied by a few private friends, assembled for the purpose of laying the first stone of the grave intended for the recep tion of his remains ' when ho has shuffled off this mortal coil.' The early hour at which the ceremony took place ? prevented any assem blage of the inquisitive, when Mr Wilks's ; notoriety would havo been sure to have produced, especially as, after a spirited contest, he has. again been returned a member of tho board of guardians. Mr T. P. Brougb, a fellow guardian, and the Fidus Achates of tho expectant deceased, was selected to perform tho ceremony, and was presented with an elaborate silver trowel, which had been expressly manufactured for the occasion by Mr T. Brongh, jun., of Howard, street, Birmingham. Mr Brough, having received the trowel, after the usual formali ties had been performed, read the following address in a very impressive manner : — ' In the name of the ratepayers of West Bromwich I do hereby lay the first brick of the tomb of our dearly beloved and esteemed patriot, George Wilks, and we beseoch Thee, O Lord, that the little time he has to live in this world, he may live in the fear and love of God, so that in his last moments he may/be able to say, ' All is well, all is well,' and may his noble spirit ascend to that place where all is love and harmony — Heaven— and be able to exclaim, ' All is well.' O Lord, we beseech Thee to fill this tomb with the love of the Holy Ghost.' After the ceremony had concluded, those in attendance received the sacra ment.— Birmingham Gazette. Attempted Murder at Windsor. — On Monday morning, at the Town-hall, Amelia Steed, a woman about forty years of age, was brought up, on re mand, charged before Mr Thomas Cleave (the mayor), and Me3srs Hanson aud Driver, the sitting borough magistrates, charged with unlawfully and maliciously firing a pistol at her master, George Davis, one of the Castle sweeps, living at Keppel street, Windsor, last Wednesday evening. Several witnesses were examined, and from their evidence it appeared that the woman Steed had lived with Davis as his housekeeper on this and en a, former occasion. On Tuesday, she asked her master for her wages, which he at once paid. Steed, after this, made use of some threats, and on Wednesday evening, about twenty minutes to ten o'clock, while Davis was standiug at a little distance from the door of his house, Steed rushed , up to him, and fired a pistol, which had been loaded with small shot, at her master, at the same time exclaiming, ' Take that, you ? .' The prisoner, very pro videntially missed her aim, but the shot passed close to Davis's whiskers, and,nearly stunned him, as the wpapon was discharged at -a distance of only six yards, while a Mr O'Shea, who witnessed this at tempt upon the life of Davis, fell to the ground at the shockof the discharge. The wretched woman, after firing'tlin weapon, fled into the house of her master, and was immediately afterwards arrested by police-conssable Cooper, 12) of the Windsor police. Search was afterwards made, when tho weapon (a small pistol), a box containing nine caps,, some powder and shot, and a couple of razors were found concealed in her room, and these were on Monday produced in court. None of the articles belonged to Davis, who denied having ever seen them before. The policeman found no less than twenty shot marks in the palings standing in the direction in which the pistol wus pointed, and extracted one of the shots from the pales. On the charge being read over to tho . prisoner by Mr Long, the magistate's clerk, the miserable woman replied that she had nothing to say to it. She had, in fact, made no attempt to palliate' her crime. The magistrates accordingly committed the prisoner to Reading to take her trial at the next assizes. — Mercantile Gazette, November 1. Tragic Occurrence at Weymouth. — At a very early hour, on Monday morning, the household of Captain Dow, of Elwell, Weymouth, were startled by cries of 'Murder' proceeding from the upper part of the house. In a bedroom from which the cries proceeded one of the servants was found to be ik a state of great excitement. She said a man, who1 had just escaped by the window, pounced npoij her while she was asleep, and had nearly strangled her. Upon search beiDg made a ladder,, which had. been removed from a house undergo-, ing | repairs not far distant,'' was found agaiijst the* wall, and, no doubt, by this laddqr tho man gained access to the room. Maria of violence was found on the neck of tho girl, i About seven o'clock on Monday morning a mariije artilleryman, named Henry Stokes, belong ing tq her Majesty's ship Black Prince, was found lying! dead, frightfully disfigured, in a deep stone cutting of the Portland Railway, which runs at tho uacic or tne nouse. me deceased is supposed to have been the midnight disturber, and whether he had mistaken tho house for another, or whether he intended to commit a robbery, is not very clear. Certain it is that his boots corresponded with the marks 'leading from the' back of the house to the cutting at the bottom of which the body was found. He eitler forgot or was not aware of the proximity of. the cutting. An inquest was held on Monday afternoon, and a verdict of ' Found dead' was re turned.;— Mercantile Gazette, November 1. Lova and Suicide. — On Monday, Mr Blackburn, the Lecjds borough coroner, hold an inquest at tho Crown Inn, Wortley, on Ihebodyof George Hibbert Lawtonl a young man of twenty- two. Deceased was an liotol waiter, and about four months ago he was actipg as boots at Garratt's boarding-house, in Wellington street, Leeds. Hero ho became ac quainted with the kitchen maid, Priscilla Garnett,. aud thia acquaintance soon ripened into intimacy. About nine weeks ago, both Lawton and Garnett left then; situations, the deceased goin'g to a new place at !tho Saddle Hotel, and the girl accepting a situationlas kitchen-maid in the Wellington Hotel, Leeds. Last Thursday night he went to see Garnett, and askeijl her to marry him, but she declined, on tho ground that deceased had no home to which ho could tako her. On Friday night, deceased again renewed his offer and was again declined, on which lie said ' she must thank God she was on her mastej's premise^, as he would otherwise have made an end of her.' He loft her remarking that she would never see him again. On Saturday morning, a little before six o'clock, Lawton's dead body was found on the West Yorkshire lino upon tho railway bridge which crosses tho Gelderd i ' ?? ??'- ''???? ?? ? -.1' ?.???: . ..: j road. His hand was a few inches from the longi tudinal sleeper on the down line, and his feet were toward the parapet of the' bridge. His cap was laid within the four feet, some three or four yards away from the corpse, and two ' lumps' of brains were found, the one two yards and the other three yards away from the body. The top part of the skull had been entirely removed by the iron guard, and death must have been in stantaneous. In his pocket was found the following letter, addressed ' To . J. H. Law ton, Wellington hotel, Wellington* street, Leeds :— 9 Wellington street, Mrs Wood's Temper nilfiP. TTrtf.nl — Wlinouov -fin/la ^liin wi-oi TCnrwi-r* TIT«1-« Ti. none at'wonce and convey It To Wellington Hotel, Wellington street, Leeds, and My god have, mercy on my Soul and my God. grant my power Father Soport under this afflection. JPriscilla Garnett, ser vant at the Wellington Hotel, is the cause of this. I will aunt her at Night. She has something to Answer for. — G. H. Lawton.' It will appear that the deceased has boon of weak mind since his in fancy, and that an illness he had experienced three months ago had still further unsettled him. The jury found, that deceased had been discovered lying ' dead on the railway, having apparently been killed by a passing engine, but that aa to his state of mind there was no direct evidence to show. — 31er cantile Gazette, November 1. 