THE GREAT EASTERN—A CUEIOHS SALVAGE QUESTION. In the District Court at New York a case has been recently decided of remarkable interest, not only as regards the details, but for its bear ing upon the existing law of salvage. The salvor was Mr. Hamilton E. Towle, described as a "Civil and Mechanical Engineer," of New York; the defendants, the owners of the Great Eastern steamship; and the suit was brought for alleged extraordinary services performed during a voyage across the Atlantic, when the great ship was in a position of imminent peril. The Great Eastern was some 280 miles west ward of Cape Clear on her last voyage from Liverpool to New York, when she encountered a gale, during which she lost her boats, and like wise her paddlewheels. Happily her screw remained uninjured, and the ship was enabled to make good headway for some hours, until, owing to some unexplained cause, her rudder shaft gave way, or was twisted off, some distance below the point of connection with the steering gear. In this condition the ship lay in the trough of the sea, her sails blown to atoms, rolling as only a ship of her dimensions could roll, and utterly at the mercy of the elements. The efforts made by the captain, the officers, and the chief engineer to get control of the ship's motions were protracted and energetic, but, as it would seem, entirely unsuccessful. At length the engineer commenced unscrewing a large nut on a part.of the rudder-shaft below the upper deck, with the design, it would seem, of securing a tiller on the broken end of the shaft, hoping thus, by means of the wheel on the steerage deck, to steer the ship. On this nut, however everything depended. It was not only necessary to keep the shaft in its position, but, constituting as it did, the main support of the rudder, its removal would in all probability have involved the loss of the rudder itself. Mr. Towle had been no unconcerned spectator of these proceedings. Hearing their futility and danger, he designed a plan for getting steerage once more on the ship without sacrificing her best chance of safety. Having rapidly worked out his calculations, and satisfied himself of the result, he communicated with the captain, who, having exhausted every other I expedient, permitted Mr. Towle to try hi3. " After three hours' labor [observes the learned judge from whose decision these details are summarised] he succeeded in screwing the nut back to its place, and having obtained an immense chain, weighing about 601bs. to the link, which was let down into the steerage deck through a hole cut in the upper deck by his directions, he succeeded in winding round the cone on the rudder-shaft a sufficient portion of this chain to constitute a cylinder or drum, and thus secured a leverage obtainable in no other way. The ends of the chain were then extended from the cylinder to two strong posts or bitts which came up through this deck. A turn was taken round each of these bitts, and the ends of the large chain were then connected with tackles fastened to the respective sides of the ship, for taking up the slack and easing the strain on the wheel used immediately for steering. Smaller chains connected the wheel with the large chain before described, and the size of the shackles making the connections were arranged so that, in the event of a break, it would not occur in the great chain or its lashings, but in the smaller or connecting chains or shackles. The smaller chains connecting with the wheel were fastened to the large chain composing the cylinder, and extending to and around the deck- bitts, at a point between the bitts and the cylinder, so that, in the event of the breaking of the smaller chains, the rudder would still be held in position by the large chain, as the latter was wound round the bitts by one turn, and the ends secured to tackles fastened to the sides of the ship, and manned for i the] purpose of taking up the slack and easing away, as the rudder-shaft was turned one way or the other by the movement of the wheel." This ingenious appliance was found to answer its purpose perfectly. The ship was forthwith put upon her course, and continued her voyage without further difficulty or danger. Tor the service thus rendered Mr. Towle put in his claim for salvage remuneration. Two legal ques tions arose upon the presentation of the claim— could Mr. Towle, being only a passenger, be entitled under any circumstances to he con sidered a salvor, and, if so, did the services performed by him, under the circumstances, confer a title to salvage ? It is a rule of law that the title of salvors to reward is incompatible with the existence of any legal duty or obliga tion at the time to render the services which are the foundation of their claim. Tor thiB reason the crew of a vessel, being bound to protect the ship through all perils, cannot become salvors until the ship is absolutely and honestly abandoned in consequence of damage received from the elements, and that the contract between the owner and the crew is at an end. The claims of pilots and tugowners to salvage are also resisted by our Courts, unless it can be shown that the alleged services have been rendered entirely indepen dent of contract. In like manner, it has been held that, although a passenger may law fully escape at the first opportunity from a ship in danger, yet, so long as he remains by her, he is bound to render all the assistance in his power, without any title to salvage, " unless his services are of an unusual and meritorious description." Mr. Towle was a salvor according to Lord Stowell's well known definition—that is, he was a person, who without any particular relation to the ship in distress, proffered useful service, and gave it as a volunteer adventurer. He had also done more than was required of him as a mere passen ger, and it only remained for the court to say whe ther the service rendered was of that description which could fairly be regarded as " unusual and meritorious." We do not think it required the array of cases with which Judge Shipman fortified his decision to settle this point, and to settle it clearly in the claimant's favor. As the case has been stated, the contrivance by which Mr. Towle recovered control over the Great Eastern was entirely original in conception, and the aid which was thus rendered in her imperilled condition could not possibly be confounded with assistance rendered by pumping or working the ship. It was, thorefore, clearly an unusual service, and beyond the line of Mr. Towle's duty as a passenger. That it was effective is equally clear; and to admit that it was effective, is to admit that it was meritorious. The claim to salvage remuneration being thus un answerably made out, it only remained for the Court to fix the amount, and in awarding 15,000 dollars (£3,700), with costs, we cannot think Judge Shipman exceeded the bounds of propriety. It is true, as the learned Judge observed, the salvor had encountered little personal danger, that he supplied no mate rials, and risked no property, and that he only contributed his personal skill and labour. But, on the other hand, he rescued the Bhip and 800 lives from a position of imminent peril, which the captain, his officers, and engineers were power less to abate, or even to contend against. Courage, skill, and success, are ever the main ingredients in cases where our Courts award handsome remuneration for salvage services.— Mitchell s Steam Shipping Journal. During the scrutiny of the votes for the Legislative Council it was ascertained that at some of the polling places in the country ink had been used for marking the papers, aud as a natural consequence, when the paper was folded up before the ink had dried, the original marks were transferred also to other squares. In many, if not all of these cases, the Sheriff was enabled to decide which were original, and which transferred marks. There is nothing in the 49th. clause of the Act to prevent the use of ink, but a pencil ought in all cases to be provided so as to obviate such an inconvenience again. A New Mag-ic Xanteen.—A novelty in one of the most popular instruments for the entertainment of the family circle and the public assembly comes very appropriately at this season of the year. The magic lantern has not yet lost its charms, even for those who remember it a3 a recreation of boyhood ; but the old-fashioned apparatus will Boon give way to one of modern construction registered by Mr. Chad burn, and exhibited the other day at the rooms of Mr. Brothers, St. Ann's-square, by Mr. Morgan, optician, and the agent for the invention in this city. The old modus operandi is well known. The object to be put before the audience is placed between the light and the lens. This requires that it should first be painted or photographed on glass, and the photographio pictures are not colored, as the effect is thereby destroyed in consequence of the transparency being reduced. But with the new lantern, transparency is unnecessary, and the old glass slide becomes obsolete. The most opaque object can be represented with all its colors and in the minutest detail. You may fill up your slide from your photo graphic album, and place your friends upon the canvas merely with the aid of their cartes de visite. Pictures, colored or un colored, will pass perfectly through the lens, and the coin collector oan show instantaneously, to a whole assembly, eaoh of his specimens and give them at a glance the colour and form of the object. The lantern will be equally useful to the botanist, enabling him to display to those whom he is entertaining an exact reproduction, with the hue and the construction of the plant or flower he is describing. The purposes to which suoh an invention may be applied can be best stated by a scientific lecturer, or by the entertainer or instruoto of youth. A description of the instrument would be uninteresting ; but it may be briefly stated that it is a combination of the principles of the old magio lantern and of Pepper's ghost illusion. The object ii illuminated from the front instead of from behind; the light, the object, and the. lens forming a sort of triangle. The illumination is just as effective as in the old system, but the new construction gives an extended power of illustration which will, no doubt, make the magic lantern much more popular even than it has been. Poob Husband.—"Would I were a man!" ex claimed a strong-minded woman in her husband's hearing.—"Would you were," was his remark; "for then I would never have been united to you." A Candid Lawteb.—"Do you think I'll get justice done me?" said a culprit to his counsel.—" I don't think you will," replied the other. " for I see two men on the jury who are opposed to hanging." The following epitaph may be seen in the cemetery of a parish in the environs of Paris:—" Here lies Madame N , wife of M. N , master black smith. The railing around this tomb was manufac tured by her husband,—" Orders received." 