Whilst we may congratulate ourselves, and for two most cogent reasons, on the acceptance of the -office of Attorney- General by Mr. Plunkett, wo cannot do so in some other matters whbd, l,n„„ direct reference to the recent conduct of Ministers. -The appointment of Mr. Plunkett to the highly responsible office of grand juror and chief adviser of the Government is satisfactory, because it not -only secures to the community the eminent legal uuuiueB anu vast oraciat Knowledge of one of the " best and most purely minded of,the profession of the law, but becauso it has broken down w hat was very much like a combination amongst the leaders of that profession to deprive a liberal Minister of the advice and assistance which every Cabinet re quires in carrying on the business of the country, Moreover, the position that. Mr.' Plunkett takes in the Legislative Council as the representative of the Ministry in that House, is an earnest that there does not exist that distrust in the constitutional policy of Mr. Cowper's Government which the so- called conservative .party desired should appear. Mr. Pknkett's distaste for re- entering official life, after having expended so many years in the useful and creditable exorcise of his talents is well-known ; but acknowledging. as ho more than once has done, thiit flo man should withhold his services when they may be useful to the State, he felt bound, in the present unparalleled axigency, to forego his dis inclinations and place himself at tho disposal of the Government. The country will hail his reappear- anoe in official life with feeling of gratitude, as there oan -be nothing more certain than that it is accom panied with a self-sacrifice and single-hearted de- votedness. It is a mistaken idea to suppose that Mr. ; Plunkett has been generally antagonistic to tho liberal proclivities of tho age, or, that he has -at any time opposed Mr. Cowper's administrations on the principle that they were democratic beyond its requirements. The honorable and learned gen tleman may not have given bis sanction to the Electoral Act in its entirety, nor he may not have acquiesced in all the provisions of tho Laud -Acts, but much of both of those measures met with his hearty approval. Moreover, he has pro bably liyed either to moderate any opposition ho felt to them, or, coinciding with the maxim that the happiness and prosperity of a country depends us much upon the administration of the laws as 'upon tho laws themselves, would resist no longer the call that duty made. There are no great organic changes in the form of our government, nor in the policy of the "country, that are likely to evoke dissension in the Caoinet as now formed ; the minor legislation does not seem beset with difficul ties, if we except tho questions of finance and the re-construction of tho Upper Chamber. As to the former, the counsel that Mr. Plunkett will bring to his colleagues will be far more 'valuable than anything that could possibly, bo offered by that -that ghost of Cocker— Mr. Geoffrey Eugar. If the revenue of the State is to undergo a remodelling the Attorney- Genorul will view the subject with the eye of "a statesman and not with that 'Of a petty accountant. It may be well enough, in order to secure accuracy, that the balances be struck with all the care and .precision which so accomplished an arithmetician as Mr. Eagar can command; but if it be intended to set the fiscal policy of the polony on. ah equitable'and enduring loundation, which shall at once procure confidence . at home and respect abroad, we must deal for that purpose with men of different calibre to "the colonial Gladstone." And while congratulating ourselves on the appointment of Mr. Plunkett, wo oannot refrain from expressing our dissatisfaction with the conduct of tiie Government in two actions tbey have lately taken. The first is, the conditional purchase of one of Cuptain Robert Towns' cele brated fleet, for the purpose of transforming it into a juvenile reformatory. That such an establish ment would be very desirable there can be no second opinion ; hut for the life of us we oannot imagine why the present time, so many years after the proposal for such was mooted, has been chosen for the purchase-a time when the Government are more than ever suffering from contraction of the exchequer. And, even supposing for a moment that there was great urgency in tho case, we feel very inquisitive to know how it was that so brief a time uneven days was given for the reception of te„d:Cri the Puroha8e of the necessary vessel. -So long he the formation of this reformatory been delayed, that no grievous harm could have arisen had it been 'postponed until we found out as to .What extent we are being benefited by the new taxation. Philanthropy, that had panted so long to see the little thieves cleared out of Sydney— for it is there chiefly that the shoe pinches-could ( have bated its breath a little longer, and/fed its amiable spirit on a pr. spective accomplishment of its desires. The first cost vf the Bhip /half bar gained .for, is nearly .30001. : .it is little more than a b?U\ ,TfLer®: '5li. b& another thousand or two for fittings, and of course something for boats and "other incidental expenses." In; the name, not of parsimony, but of common prudence, would it not have been more just and wiser to havo post poned, this expenditure? But, somehow or another when Parliament is not in session appears to be the time for doing little jobs." The next matter wo hav.e .(p.p.o.mphun of is the .appointment of the sheriff to th.e,q$eo of acting inspector of prisons, with an increase of salary to the extent of 1501. a year. It would be a waste of words were wo to enlarge on the absurdity of this appointment. The object which Parliament contemplated in voting a salary of 8001. a yoar for an inspector of prisons was that a supervision might bo exercised over thoso places of punishment which are under the control of the sheriff. There has been already abundant experience that' even the most upright nnd nssiduous of those who have held that office have not been able to prevent tiro intrusion of mal practices in their department, and -that in order to detect abd coircct these a supervising officer was necessary whose duty would further extend to advising what he might, consider would tend to carry out tho object of punishment. IIow absurd then is it to appoint tlie sheriff as a check upon himself, nnd over the department of which he is the head. We have nothing to say against Mr. McLean's qualifications for tho inspectorship, these may bo of the highest order for aught we know, hut the holding of tho two offices is incompatible with common senso, however compatible it may bo with pecuniary interest. 