A Few Words Upon " Hims !" We wcro sorry that pressure of business would not permit us to make a few remarks on a lecture delivered by u rev. gentlemen at St, James School Itoom, one evening hut week. We do so now and trust, that what wo have to say on the tnattor will prore edifying to ¿ur readers, The subject chosen by tho lecturer wua " Hunmoltgy." Wo wore in for mod that it was a dis- course concerning A)'WIT, his object was to speak somewhat of tho long nature of Aims. His definition we tl ink hardly exact enough-wo believe it is tho science that treats of man, morally,' mentally, physically, metaphysically, aesthetically, or in nay other way you choose to bo treated, gentle swains, so long ns you aro treated Uko a man, and treat again in return. We considered the attractiveness of the suhjoct, and tho woll known skill of the lecturer u sure guurantco that many of tho fair eox would tako advantngo of so good an opportunity of learning somewhat of the creation and nature, both physical and moral of the kimi. Nor were wo disappointed-at least half an hour before the timo appointed for the commencement of tho lecture there was a largo nudicuco of all sizes, shapes, and ages of tim gentler sex, anxiously waiting for enlightenment as to thu him. 'Tis n well known fact that tho first thing a young lady looks at on entering a church is tho /lints, it is therefore not unnatural that she should do tho samo in a lecture room. So anxious indued wert» some of tho younger darlings for enlightenment that they brought theirhims with them, in the hopo of getting thom into a line, mid finding out the tenderest parts of the most elegant himi, committing thom to moraory, that thoy might easily know thom again. Aa a maker wo agroo that Topladt/ was ono of the fow who could turn ont a genuino thing, if ho could only get tho opportunity. His coasiderator, like his body, was lifter all but a weak machine, tho only just conclu c^usion that gonuiue criticism can arriroat is, that at thc best he was but a poor tool, had poor tools to work with and no groat rungo of subjects to operate upon. Tho most popular him of which ho is tho reputed siro was always spoken of as tho " Cock of Ages," und resided at Cock Lune. When he knocked undor to Old Death he was- knouked' into a cocked lint. . His shadow still fftiutita the tiles of his old haunts down there in Old Cock Lnno. So that wo aro iudebted to Topludy for some curious antiquarian lore. There is much that is sensible in tho hims of which tho poet, Dr Whatshixname, facetiously and proudly ac-' knowledges himsalf the papa, though ho-seems to hare created some that are rather cranky and dedolout in AB for Tate, and Bra(n)dy, they could do nothing over thonnelvos, and were content to. be taifora,..8iiips, nnd general outfitters to tho hints of David-a gentleman given to cutting saltatory capers boforo tho ark, and of questionable mornls. Thoso.sliglit backslidings on his part, however, did a good turn.for Tote and Brandy tho formor acknowledging four times a year, when the Israelite paid his quarterly account, that he (Davitt) was a Jeio d' esprit. From this last roninrk you might fancy that Toto .was a clever fellow-not so ; ho had no more ¿«7« than n taler, and ho tirado as much uso of his oyes ns docs that useful vegetable. Brandy was always in " hot water" with Tato, and in their squabbles would hit his partner in the tater trap-a compliment which tho other would quickly aoknowlodgo by giving him a nobbler in the muff. j Of Wesley it is said that sometimes ho rose beyond I himself. Wo have not tho pleasure of knowing this him ?linker, but presume, if such were the caso, that ho not ! unfrequently made a mess of it. ' Want of spaoo compels us to I(h)imit our observa-,' : tions. The lecturer was frequently applauded, and tile I truly magnificent performance of tho Cock Lano Ghost all but obtained an encore at tho lips of the ladies.' j After a vote of thanks to tho gentleman who repro ! sooted Bel Vs JAfe for being absent, aiid yet engaging to report not quite correctly tho wholu of tho lecture, each lady took her him (somo of which wero beautifully bound in cloth, 'and of various-colours) undor the arm, and from the manner in which sho walkod him off, wo pre- sumo that BIIO will some day chango hor nam o to Whatshisnamo, and do lier part as a him producor. . Wo doubt not wo shall find them polished iii their language, and:'woll got .up in cloth and patent leather.'. j : Tho delivery of such lectures is a-stop in.tho righi direction, and will eventually, wo trust,.'lead some, of our'fair friends to tho jSum-oncal Halter. '. 