Wjt &vpmu; Jttovníng petali?. I - ¡ FRIDAY, MARCH 31, 1865. o IN* the Legislativo Council, yesterday Sir AV. MAKKIKO moved for and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the destruction of Bathurst burr, dock, and certain thistle plants. The bill was read a first time. Sir AV. MANNINO moved for and obtained leave to bring in a bill to provide for the protection of im- ported game. The bill was read a first time. Sir AV. MANKIND moved the second reading of the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Com- pany's Bill ; and the bill was read a second time. Sir AV. MASSIMO moved the second reading of the St. Patrick's Church Land Trust Bill ; and the bill was read a second time. The House went into committee on'the " Petroleum" Bill ; but, after some discussion as to the test to be inserted in the definition of petroleum, Mr. JOHNSON moved that tho Chairman leave the chair, and obtain leave to «t again this day -week. Hu? 1 clous Appiiheiisiott Rill i«*u »cal a tlurif ti ne and passed and letuiited to tlhC A "mbly avitli vcib ii amendments , mid the Council «i-o u t J untli W cducsJnv next Is tue I epislaUve Adsemblj vestcidaj Upon tit inotion of Mr Horn insov t'ie Homu» vient n to committee to tonsidtr the propnetj of mtro diumg an Impounelmg Rill andu bill lot the better pioinotion oí chaînage As to the 1 tttci mc ismo Mr M isDOM Mi Ln , Mi Dom* and oilier lion meTl bcisuigtd tho lmpoitnnce of tho uieasiue, and thatiw time should bo lost m passing it The lcsolutions wtienetcmllj ngieed to and adopted and the Ililli avero subsequentlj brought in and lend i 61 st time Petitions presented by Mi HART ftoni David Blair mid bv Mi ANimi fi oin inhabitants of Mtisv, ellbrook piavingtoi a lino of lnilvtny fiom Muswellbrook to Mudgee vveio oitlered to be printed On the motion of Mi SMAUT, the Speal er left the clinn and tho House went into Committee of \\\ nv s and Menus Mi 1 omoxor and Mi PnmisoTONobjected topra teediDg with the discussion of the financial pohev of the Government nt the present sto£c there being no resolution before the committee sav e the formal one of ninking provision for the first vote taken m Committ e of Supplj Mr tsMAitT suggested that this formal vote be fine tal tn, and he would then be piepired to laj I113 rcso lutions upon the table Hie icsolutton grutting foi the seivue of the jear 1865 the sum ofAlOM ioi the establishment of hu Lxtellentv the Govcrnoi, was then ngiecd to Mr bMAUT then lind upon tht table resolutions for certain htamp duties on deeds and instruments on piobitcs ot wills and letters ot adniuustiation and on legacies mid sueicssioiis to nil and personal estate Upon the fiist lesolution being proposed s ?mo du cnssion arose ns to the possibility oi discussing til" genual financial policj oi the Government upon the disiussion of dctnthed lcsolutions, mid Mr Ton LONGE movcel that the chairman leave the chair report progi es0 and ask le iv e to sit again on 1 ttesdaj next Mr lorloitgcs motion vi as cirned upon a dil lsion of 23 to 19, but upon the question being put bj tho Speaker on the resumption of the House an amendment bv Mr Li 1, that the Chairman sit again on AS ednesdav next, w as carried bj ¿8 to 9 Mr M MIT IN ¡,av c notice ol his intention to HIOYC on A\ edneselav next as 111 amendment upon the order of the daj ior going utto toiiiinittee of V ays and Menus resolutions to the cflcct that the additional taxation proposed bj the Government was insufficient, tint provision shoulel be made for the liquidation within three venrs oi the dcüeit of the j ear 1864 and previous j ears and that the further vv a j s and moana required should be provided bv additional Customs duties Mr SVIAKT moved the second re iihng of the bill to make a permanent in ovision ior the establishment of theSjdncj Mint anil explained that its object waa to give eliott to the condition vi hitit the Rntisli Gov eminent annexed to the privilege conceded by it of making the "old coin issued bj the bjelnej Mint ti legal tender 111 the United Kingdom Mr MAiiTiN was not disposed to give his assent to the bill unless a provlsion was intiodiiced into the bill that the ptnnaiitiit appropriation, proposed bj it should coast upon the reunite derivable from the stipulittd seignior ige upon the comngi oi bullion f ilhng below the lev enuc now denved Mr I'll iiiMiaox expressed his doubla as to the polttv ot the surrendir ot this bl amil of tht revenue whiththe piestnt bill vvoulel le0alise Hie Mint hal beiome 111 institution of questionable usefulness seeing that the toni 1 sued bun., ot "reiter nitiinsic valut than the 1 nBlish soveieign w is onlv m point of fait expoited as bullion und loi reniitt nues it might as well be expoited ni the foi m ot bullion as of speen and thus save the cost of coinage Hie toms issue I bv. the Mint viere mimt isuinblj 111 excels of our donicbtii c ltulition and tint institution was uierelj mnl mg a show oi h iv mj, somctlunj, to do Mi C ov\ 1111 pointed out that the concession vi as made in dcicrmte to thevushesoi cert 1111 Australian lolonists who were nnpiesstd with the bebet of the mq 01 tance ot giv in., the Oold com ige oi this colon) a higher leputation and the condition annexed was a vera leasointble one Hie toncession on tho part of .1.....!." - ? - ? ' - 'i - ' - ? d lill lUlUI > 1 u >. 1 tU ., ^ s, s> U. atpiesent the power to nppioprnte the seigniorage 01 Mmt 1 barge now payable, and the onlj question now wus wbethel we desired to "ive our gold coinage a loigei turiencj mid a lughei lcputition Mr SAVUH lonsulcrtd thav the question of alloj wns one of great nivpoitanto If the exti ict of silver from the native gold could be made a matter of prout, ns Mi AS ntt had shown that it could be made, why go to the expenso ot coining gold for the meie purpose of the tom bemjj sent to ] mope to *be united down Mr Watt had not been inulj tieated bj the Dcputj master of the Mint and his invention ought to have been tested bj uidependent stientiiit nu estig tuon Hie New ¡south AN ales gold com was shewn to be liable to wcoi and if tht silver could be prontiblj extracted an alloj ot toppei would put it on a pal with the Lnglish gold coin Mi DoxNEi.i/1 questioned the use of the Mint to the gold miners Air loiisTi ii adopted the views of Mr Martin with lcleicnce to tlieadvibiiblencss oi making the surrender oi the picsent revenue conditional Mr D utv ILL show ed that the objections made weie nioie tli an balanced bj the enhancement of the leputation oi otu gold toiin^ \ii M 11 sox suppoitod the bill V ft cr some îemirks from Air AlvciiiEitsox Hie bill av as read a second time Hie several clauses were agreed to with some verbal amendments the bill w is reported, and the îepoit w is adopted 1 he Gunpowder Export Restncturn Hill was read u second time md passed through committeo Air I10111 obtained leave to bung 111 a bill for the bcttei îecoverv oi Coal Aimers A\ ages, and to amend the Coil litlds Regulotion Act ol 18b2, and the bdl was brought m and retel 11 first time Upon the motion oi Air DnviEU, a return was oidcred oi appeals to the bupreme Court and the re suit thcreol durna,, the tenure ot office oi the present Chief Commissionci Hie House adjourned at tw entv minutes past ten ÎHI whole bo-lj of oin îcadeis haye, doubtles**, ONiimincil with micioscopic cunositj and, care the figures oí Mi. bv.iA.111. lins enjojmcnt will be supplementary to the lapturos- elicited bj lho bullunt liâmes ol Mr. EVGAK, and the fclicit) oi the scrutin) will be wondeilull) augmented if the comments of Mi PIDDINGION and Mi. bvyti/Hi arc diligently examined 'Ihc piecise cin«e, mea-uire, and date oi the deficiency,-the precise methods oi meeting it past and piesent -the amount ot blame due to the scycial Mmistcis, 01 divided b) them with the Assembly ol which thev aie supposed to be the oigan-all these aie topics which will afford a fund of enteitainment beioie which all the artifices ol play yy rights and mimic» and all the melody ol song yyill doubtless be readily foi saKen, and must bj comparison pio-«c dull and jailing rlhc pleasure ve haye lound m this studj foi the last two 01 tlnee yeal« is well knoyyn to oui îeadei-, and we canpionuse them that should Mi COYVI-LU'S Goyeinment con- tinue as long as his ambition might desire, or should it be broken in upon bj some of those accidents -which demolish the best-built Cabinet**, we shall still haye the same grateful subject to employ our thoughts and amuse oui lcisuic hours. Ihc sum total oí the business, íeduced to a plum and prosaic statement, is simply this -that w c are tremendously in debt Hoyv w c got theie is someyyhat a mystciy-not indeed that theie is anything special m tint, tor yye arc told the same talc cyeiy day in oui Insohencj Couit The waj m which debt has been con- tracted and accumulated, whethci honest!) or othcnsise-\yhellier fairl) 01 b) oyersight yyhether in just enterpnse 01 mad specula- tion-maj be disputed ; but when the creditors' accounts are shown, or the bank statements presented, the) seem to establish one point at least-that there is so much in- debtedness. When we come to the assets, there is always a considerable discrepancy betw een the final announcement of the assignee and the original statement of the schedule. In the first document there Li often a wonderful balance in the two items, and the assumption would be, if we believed the debtoi'i that ttuf sent was not the of the declaration, but some unnatural who, seizing an in- auspicious moment, fi dutd cs( ilil sliiucnt yyitlt MI , , , 1 K1 lintern ents m li vc somclhm, Lin(1 w pit sent public positum T iiouua SON s iccount o/ his csti , i, i,, ,, f . ,tl\y i>s ilouiishin ' He novel forçai an» h > doubled ti« »dicht» o. mj asset he d lhcie "c Itvo guut oIi!an. ^ , , he voile! Into the spmhu ^ lme no intention to obtruit M JoUN Itoiimsoi» i* the Hol, oí hilCfc Wh devet experience n «j su. M ¿^ m soM<.n«ci disluibcd He imcd tlwt uc ouJittoWhid a large s tluce oi foui jeiis ago-that thcio » , b a consielciablc amount of ca, . u . i /. ! , _ , i meet the «eel *t deficiencies had his hei j i *i T J -r. orn genius piesided oyei the Land« Dep» . ° p , no« (he light of his intelligent " penchâtes its gloom, and he has , f iiguics at the sciMce oi his nunist?1 ,° Ihe) mi) not pass inustei mab Ue.nC " but thej aie not meant for an» placet' l' One of the schemes of the new l^a is, how ey er, much moic coi tam than V 3 IvomttTsoiy's assets "We do no,0"1' tint oin cicdit ivith the world is e\\!e\e W c ma) have indeed inieiioi teims to the^ iu in the highest lepute, but the publi i dence is not ) ct biolvon in Austi than dcbei iiid ve hope it nevci v\ill be In fac Bnlish spmt is sufficient») poweiful m the tnlnn »yoilcl to mike lepudiahon ri the penod of u declamatoi) speech than serious appichension ot an) cilas« of politici likelj to hold the Government We aie surprised men that easing off the preseJ' liabilities of the State by contracting a pe,1 , mnncnt debt should be one ol the expedient« and ive aie not prepared to say that in the piesent state of affairs it can be aioided. Those who haACgot far below the vtoild cannot rise in a moment. The wateis haye sunk under us, and many a plentiful shower is requisite to raise them to floating level. They will, howey-cr, rise in time. Ii yy e can only manage to keep on terms with the money market b) a successful, and, we must add, an honest manipulation of the debt, we ma) rcpaii the mischief y\ e hay c clone. But w hile we arc compelled to boirow fiom the utter im- possibility of paying oil' so hea\y a bunion without mischievous consequences in some form 01 othci, y\e ought to look to the reduction as a solemn obligation-as necessaiy indeed to the success ol those loans which will be íequisite to enable us to fulfil our ftitme engagements. No one yiould desiie to sec the Goieinmcnt impose such ,i mass oí taxes on the people at once a« ay ould immediately liquidate this debt : but theie ought to be a sufficient amount to lender its payment in the inline not mciely the subject of a \oy\\-of a solemn piomise on the pait of the Ministiy - bul a cleai unmistakable plan-one which shall bear the sciiitiny of men who do not con sidci figuies a question of poetiy and pluck. We do not considei that any scheme which can be doused by any Ministiy will meet y\ith general, much less uniyeisal appiobation. None that touches the pockets of the people can be populai with the people. But theie is a fund of good sense in e\eiy Biitish community -when it is foiily dealt with-y\ hen there is an honesty . of purpose transparent in those ivho govern. Ulius what is not Aery acceptable oi con ' lenient \sill not be rejected if accompanied with economy and libeiated norn those changes 'Which are not only impiopei in themsehes but which open a dooi foi endless fraud and coi . ni pt ion. WhatcM'i may be the cotnsc of othcis, it will be our duty to giye eyer) reasonable suppoit to the meatuies of the Goy eminent, ii upon e\a nunation they arc lound to be suitable to (he crisis-saving always the amendments it ma) he necessary to enforce. Those who are dissatisfied with the fiscal scheme pi oposed must look to some alternative, and they aie bound in the present condition oi affaiis to say vi hat in principle it is they mean and y\hat they piopose to do. Yeais haye noyv passed m these diseus . Mons, and various schemes by successive Min- istries haye been laid befoie Pailntment. One .set of measmes has cost the late Ministiy theil position, and several of them theil "Seats, although to say the truth they did not diffei hrgel) fiom those vyhich had something like a sanction fiom the Cabinet they superseded. The time has noyv come when a piopei remedy for our financial difficult) must be provided. Oui îeadeis know that -(lie plan oi the Ministiy is not altogether 'that which y\e haye lecommended. Theie is a laigc icy enuc to be had for asking, and with- out vieighing heavily upon any class of the people, oi inclining any neyy debt-we mean by an increase of the duties on tea and sugai ; and pcihaps some two 01 thiee other uiticlcs of common consumption but not of general commeice, might be added. Wc believe that, except a fey\ wild men, the colony y\ould assent with icadincss, and feel satisfied that the country '«ould hencefoith stand in honoui with the outer yvoild We aie not, theieloie, bound to suggest any othci scheme to maintain consistency in wishing the reduction ot the debt and the adjustment of om finances. Bul in matteis of the kind it is the business of the minority to resign it*-elf to the inevitable, ind to accept as the alteinatiy c of bnnkiuptcy, 01 even clnonie embarrassments, any burdens which do not destioy permanent inteiests, or inrohe dangeious, although indiiect con- sequences It is in this spiut we shall hcie aftci examine the projects of the Government, with a view to adjust them and rendel them as equitable and successful as possible. li the gcncial public takes the pains to lead thiough the long debate on the my thical rail- way fiauds, it will probably come to the same conclusion as did the Assembly that was doomed to listen to it, vi/., that the ehaige .was dismissed, and the accused honourably acquitted. It is curious to see how a plain tale puts down a whole ligmaiole of misiepie scntation. Foi many months a long tissue of falsehoods has been repeated over and o\er again. Ex parto statements have been most industriously ciiculated. Chaiges and accusa- tions of the gi av est chaiacter kaye been mul- tiplied w ithout stint. And now a brief explana- tion scatteis the whole fabric to tli3 winds, and smothers the acenséis with the dust and debris of their ow n ev ii monument. While these unanswered charges were flying Ar/*111-1?15'advised our readers to ithliold their judgment. Wkilc urging on the Executive the duty of inquiry, i*e as 'SaKy UAgCf £* Public t0 ^«credit the acéti- ca 1 ti And lhlS for two reasons : fi«t, be PaSult a-CUSe-S-appeared t0 be "^»g b«t Sní in,.8»Te utterance to the most aC^eo/r^atl0ns ; and- «fondly, because the of dfrl °d a *eputatiT which, in the absence w direct proof, was sufficient to clear them, bei, AF i 1B recoramendation has now -are ¿ T r dem10nJst!ated. The accusations **c utterly exploded, the alleged frauda vanish into thin au, and (ho only peisons that come out of the hiqmi) the worse for weat aie those who stand convicted of misleading the public and tinducing honoutable mer Aftei Mi AniiOT.n's explanation, ti e Assem- bly lcjccted, without a division, the pioposal foi J hull ci Pai humentary tnquuy 'lhi» was a sufficient pioof of the effect pioduccd No meie Government whipping-in could have saved a division it an) doubt bael pievailed Ahead)' it has been shewn that theie is a stiong oppo- sition in the House on an) mattet in which the Government nut) attempt to eau) a wiong policy with a high hand If theie had been any îeasonable giound foi distiusting the thoioughnese of the explanation, theie are plenty of bon membcis in the House indepen- dent enough to have insisted on fuithci inquiiy. The style of the inquiiy called foi might have been judged of b) the st)le of the indict- ment. We do not question Mr. LUCAS'S peifect sinceiity, but 'his speech, so i ambling and dreai), so full of misstatements and misappie hensions, and lev ealing as it does an appuient incapacity to mulei stand the foi ce of evi- dence, shows the state into which his mind has been bi ought by long suffering under the nightmaie of the " gigantic railway fiauds." Anothci inquiiy conducted undei such auspices would have been anothci poitentous produc- tion, and would have boine the same piopoition to an oidinaiy inquiry that Mi. LUCAS'S speech did to an ordinal y speech, and have been about as convincing. Those who aie disposed to blame the opposi- tion to inquiry, should lather blame those who ervert Parliamentary committees into a mere lachinerj- for mischief and malice. It is getting >o much the fashion to propose these inquiries, ot so much for the purpose of getting at the ?util, as for accumulating one-sided evi ?nce to support a foregone conclusion. The idencc is not sifted by cross-examination, taken under any of the conditions ich in courts of justice are employed to ira fairness and elicit truth, yet the Court of 'iament is virtually the highest in the realm, tgh so unsatisfactory. The use of its Prs should bo jealously watched, and the ai of them vigilantly exposed. ' explanation given by Mr. ARNOLD as to '"ice of rails is precisely what we always .?uled it would be, viz., that the epiotations ¡n l trade lists refer to a different and inte, article to that which we buy. Jpur¡ils have been made under speci ncatt_a mode adopted apparently when ¡?,NOr" is desired to secure a good article. Ihe oe given has been the fair price a* \ time, and has been the same as was-cu by other purchasers of a similar article; ]ie 2,}an adopted has been to invite tendcrScnu a limited number of first-class hcuscs,i i0 acCept the lowest tender. V"'- -MII.ÏON'S letter will be read with ¡?atisiacti by all u-i10 have had their minds diMurbetv the vehemence of the accusation. It is noniy a vindication of Mr. JOHN Fo_wj,j;n,t it shows that we have been well and faith!,- SCi-ved. As to Mr. FOWLER'S ecnmiissiain.stead of being ten thousand pounds, if. )ealii to have been less than four thousand plciSi ami ti10 rate a, which he is paw., to~\\- nom being excessive, is less ^ tlian;s paid in Victoria, less than is paid Queensland, less than is paid in South Austrt and the same as is paid by Messrs. r.'uRussKM. and Co. Yet Mr. i oivi.un wastnii.isgod by the late Government, under the assi"tion that lie had rhnninA Ti is not to théicedit that they listened so giccdily to uiiftnied calumnies, and puiiishcd honest servante, create for themselves a little political capital it is a course little calculated to secure the siiCCs of first-class agents in future. ' It appears Höhere have only been seven -ontracts for railiafter all. The elaborate tables that have Cn prepared, shewing 115 different shipmentiW oontinctinfr the pi ice at each date with ffli-ade lists, only shew the total unacquaintancôf those who hatched the charges with thc'«atter they professed to expound. It is fortunate thahe inquiry was instituted in London just at thmncture when the colonial agency was being ti>ferred from Mr. HASH J, . a ox to Captain MAS;, because it will afford us the satisfaction h a double investigation. What Mr. HAMii/rchas done will not super- sede the action of Caain MAYNE, who, having been specially- appated to look into the aflair, will not cottier his duty superseded because his predessor has also made a report. We t> not anticipate any- thing novel in t] report which Captain MAYXI: will send.^The transactions aro-no simple and straightfifvard, and have beerf so fully described, thafAerc is nothing but detail to furnish. Additiojl corroborative evidence in support of Mr. ¿MH/TON'S despatch may be procured, but Ü conclusion already de- monstrated will thetoy simply receive a need- less confirmation. \\. It is satisfactorio the public to find that theie have been noMicli frauds as have been the theme ol' sucHncessant and ponderous declamation, hut firs not satisfactory to find that a long courso-f false accusation against officers in high posion can be sustained and encouraged amongs us. However, whenever the same parties f gain come forward as accusers we shall kpw how to deal with their testimony. Di VTH OÍ y uicii Bio vu-William Gibson n blind iiinn who iifccd to ask iilnuit the Mnrkct-street entrance to ll>üe Iriik, died at hislodgings m Lh/íibetli-streot on Vi edncsclny morning A inquiry into the causo of his (lenth vins hele bj the Cit Coroner nt Ins oflico yesterday uceensed lind been unwettbi some months, dunn'winch time his landlady did nil tnt ihe coi Id to make lum com .oilnuie He viould onljconsent to seo n doetoi once, nnd lim Inndlndv described lunns "vetv near and verv miserly ' iUiclinel Shaly ej deposed int deceased had £163 Ms 7d to hiscicditmthoSavin(rs-,3aiik, which sum he lind accu- mulated sinco 18G3 Ho'eft a will, the executors being witness und James Hollnil, in winch he bequeathed £2o" payable bj viecklj instalicnts of 10s, to Ann lurner, a perton m the poor-house £10 were left (o the daughtci of Ins landlady, nnd £20 forîinernl expenses-the balnnco lo bo divided equally betventho Infirmary, St Vincent's líos- if«], "nd the Destitue Children's Asjlum Ho was a ruiuiioiisninn Dr Gillooley believed thnt deceased died lrrni exhaustion, the resiil of diarrha a "N llness saw him once abrut a month ago, hid ha said flint ho had no moro money to pay a doctor lind ho had medical tre li- aient his hie might liaU been piolonB'od v eidict Deccn<-cd, nged sixty-W year«, died fiom nitur-i! causes Coiio\Lit's Isoiiinv -Yesterdnv tho City Coroner held nn inquiry nt hw oflice, touching the death of Sarah Rorke, a young woninn, twenty -two years of age, who died of con- sumption on W ednebdny norning Deceased was too poor to pay foi medical attendance, and, thero being no corti ^ °ii ° cnUB0 of dcntl-> iho nT"« wns thus brought tinder the notice of tho coroner A erdict-" Died horn nntural cnuses io^\£K>\I,D«Il> M,L A ~We «* -^PPy >.*? being aWo to leport that Mr Maurico Alexander, tho member for goulburn, has so far recovered from his lato sovoro íudispo ÄÖ'Äibcuig aWe m a fcw days t0 attond AFTEUNOOI, PFUFORMAM-E ni THE LI MON TROUI-E mimi!» LT* t0.8Ult, the convcnieoco of residents in tho SrfcT»^iC0U?ti? de?lrous of whiessmp the very clover SÄba' «-*«. cntertninment will bo given to-morrow h hiiffil auemoon. commencing at half-past two o'clock. tnLT ÄroeTmmo will be giv on, mclurruig tho double Pt una Hires B NP OP Horr -TI » second anmver saij of tint, BOC etv vi a, celebrated bj a teaanl pa' he meet ing, held last night in tilt Bouiki «itict Coi gii**ational .Schoolroom Theie was a ciowded atteuuan e it both gnthenrgs Mi fc AV Baindge lead the npoit which Rtctcd that the object of the so-ietv, which wa« unsictarmn in I'S c&ni- tiiution;, was lo tiain the voung in the i niiciplc-i of tot ii nbstuierce from intoxicating dunks 1 if medindi, had been he'd, and the nieingc aland mee at the it hadlecnlCO The inenibeie lind mcieapcd since March, 18G3 ftomsoicnfv to 26", the ni iioutv ot whom had kept the pledge Iii AV Buzacott read the financial étalement, which rho vi ed the income foi tie two vcais to have bctn £13 2s (I'd, mid the cvpndiluie £1 13s I'd le«« (han that amount lue Roi Janie« Bickfoid nddiessed the meeting, and m the couiseof his cbseiintious quoted the followng eloquent 1 ansage ft cm one of Gough« speeches -"Mj fi end«, I will cone lude thc«c temaiks bv just lefeiimg lou to the words cf an old Temperance advocate who has long bineo in"ed awaj fiom the f cenes of earth Taking up a glass of wafci he fiid this is fhe beici-ago which God the Eternal biews foi His childi en Not in a simmering still, overnnokv flies, amidst poisonous gases, and surrounded bv sickening odours, does vom Heavenlj luther pieparo this piecious essence of life-pine cold wutei No , but in thegicen glade and grassv dell, wheie the ícd deei wanders and the wild flowers bloom, and the children lot o to plaj, there Ho biews it, and down, lo« down in the decpvnllejs, where the fountams murniui, and the nils Bing , and high up upon the mountain top, wheie the naked granite glitters like gold in the sun where tho storm-bird resta, and tho thunrW -' sh , and avvav far out on the wide wild se , i u.v iut hurricane how Is the music, and the big waves roll then chorus, telling of the maich of God -there Ho brews that puro cold vvnttr And ov ery where it isa thing of beautj- glistening in the dow (Iron, spatkling in ice gems, till tho tices nppenr like living jewels, weaving a golden veil about the setting sun, and a white gau/e about the sihery moon, spotting m the cataract, sleeping in the glacioi singing in the summer rain, dancing m the hail showci, folding sofllj hei snow j curtains about the viintn woild-cvcrj wheie it is beautiful Na poison bubbles on its brink , its foam brings no murders and nindncss , no blood stains ila liquid glass poor w idow s and starving orphans weep no bitter tents in its depths , no diunkard's ghost from the graiecuri.es it m accents of eternal det-pair fepcak, my friends, will j ou givoit up foi alcohol!" The chairman (Rev T Johnson), Rev S Humphries, Dr Hobbs Rev J Sharp, Rev E Robín fon, Captain AVelcli, and Mr A Howitt also |took part in the meeting ALARM or rim -At about half-past mne o'clock last night, a fire broko out in some stables, the property of Mr I M'Elhmnev, coal merchant, Pjmiont Thora were three horses in the stable, ono of which was seriously bmnt, and about three tons oí hay, as will as a qunntitv of niai/e, together with the sheds, were consumed Ihe hay ard coin nero not msuicd, but the sheds wero to the amount of £50 in tho Livcipool, London, and Globe Coin pnnj Ihc fire engine of the Insnranco Companv s Biignde via*-fust at the Ure, and was followed bj engines of the No 1 and No 2 Volunteers, but thej weio not required to woik BEN HALL AND HIS GANG AT FORBES.- By the courtesy of a gentleman, who has received a communication from Forbes, we are enabled to lay before our readers the following particulars of a robbery committed by Ben Hall and his gang, at the store of Mr William Jones, of that town, on Saturday night last:- The robbers made their appearance at midnight, after the store was closed, and gained an entrance through a side door Gilbert and Dunn bailed up two men who were in charge, leaving Hall out- side on watch. When they went in, the two shopmen were engaged in making up the day's receipts, which amounted to £81, in notes, gold, and silver,- there being about £5 worth of the latter The robbers who were well armed with revolves, took possession of the whole, but returned the silver. They next ransacked the store, and selected goods to the value of £31. Mr Jones was absent, being in Sydney, but Mrs Jones and three other assistants were in a room adjoining the store at supper. On hearing strange voices in the shop, they came in to see what was the matter, when they were immediately ordered to keep quiet. The bushrangers told their victims that they would not have robbed Mr Jones had they not been so hard up, having lost everything they had in the late encounter with the police, near Young, in which affray Gilbert was wounded in the right arm. They said they had been watching the store at a distance for some time, until it was closed, and had seen two policemen pass on their beat towards the heart of the town. Having obtained all they required, the ruffians left without molesting any one. Mr Jones's store is situated at the eastern end of the town, at the corner of the three outlets viz, Ranken street, the old Bathurst Road, and the Caledonian Road, and faces a tract of bush land, upon which, and near to the store, are several uninhabited bark huts, and in one of these, it is supposed, the bushrangers hid themselves. No blame seems to attach itself to the police, for neither before nor during the robbery was the slightest clue afforded of the presence of the gang in the town. On their departure, in formation was given to the police, and a party, under ser geant Condell, went in pursuit. It is said the villains went down the river in a westerly direction- Bathurst Times of Wednesday MOIIGA*--. (Mi HIS Swii vrinsrus-I wo men, named Michael and Janies Coicorautr hav o been charged befo-o the Albina Bench walli aiding Moignn, tho second, to vi ound one John Dickson Pender, nt AVallandool, mid the fust one foi the imndcr of sergeant Smith Both piisoners wcie nppiihendcd on n btation belonging to a person named Charles 1 dgehill The state of tei roi which pi ev ¡tils among the inhabitants of "Morgans countrv, is thus described bv n coi respondent -"I have just udden ovei 1 >0 unka through Morgan's countrv, and his confession, last speech, and elj mg vi ords, seem as fir distant as ovoi, lhopohto system is rotten to tho vcrj core, and the inhabitants lnivo no piolcction In inet to be seen speaking to a policeman mnv fix j our doom The fear of Morgan is greater than I e\¡ «Iel fo find it Lveij station has its spies but to say Hint On fechlin is fenernl in favotu ot tho luflian is quite nlsurd To utter a sentiment adverso to him is sine to reach Ins ears, and the most independent would not dare to do so if even a suspe ted confederate wero present Evei j Englishman's house is his castle, but unless it is foitificd, he dare not sav what ho likes m it in AIoigan s countrv If vou mem the displeasun of anj of Ins associates, jouninj in cold «blood be mui dereel nnv fine night " Murders and other outrages by the Abori- gines.—The Rockhampton News of 21th instant says:— A gentleman just down from the North has supplied us with the subjoined particulars of murders and outrages com mitted by the "poor blacks" on the Lower Belyando, Cape, and Burdekin The record of bloodthirsty deeds com- mences from December last, when the blacks killed a hut keeper at Conway, and roasted him over his own fire. Thence proceeding down Rosetta Creek, they rifled the newly-formed station of Messrs Parkes and Murray ; a lad, the only person on the station at the time, escaping by secreting himself in a partly- built hut. From Roseetta Creek they struck across the Belyando to the Hermitage station (Messrs Raymond and Featherstonhaugh), and almost as soon as they got there they must have killed a shepherd named Sadleir, a lad of nineteen. The blacks after this slaughter camped that night at a large lagoon in the scrub, and the murdered lad's flock having come home without him, and 300 short, another shepherd, named Dan Smith, well armed, a good shot, and not affraid, [sic] took the flock out. A few hours after, this unfortu- nate man was found with his head smashed in, and parti- ally consumed on a fire. But one of the blacks was shot, the rest escaping in the ranges, with the loss ofthen weapons, which were burnt by the pursuing party. During the night one of the gang returned and bore away the body of the dead blackfellow. Mr. Uhr, the lieutenant of native police, and his troopers, came up in about two weeks, he having been absent at Conway, where the blacks had split up. Being met by a party of volunteers from the Hermi tage, after some days' tracking, the trail of the murderers was found, and being found, as it were, red handed, with the clothes of the butchered men in their possession, piompt justice was dealt out to them. While after these blacks, two of Mr. Kellett's shepherds were murdered, also poor Mere- dith and Neely on Cornish Creek. Following close upon the above, was the slaughter of two more of Mr. Kellett's men going out with sheep. The remains of one of these poor victims was found with the face chopped off, a foot pushed through the mouth, and the countenance drawn upon the leg, so as to resemble a mask. On neither of the above runs where the above murders were committed had the blacks been mo- lested, nor had the police visited them. The catalogue could readily be swollen by other murders in the Burdekin: in one case a man was killed under his dray on the load to the Flinders. Mr Gibbs met his death while on the Flin- ders Road, and about the same time the blacks stuck up Mr. Curi's station in open daylight, and as is commonly believed, killed Miss McClellan and her brother. The friends of the McClellans are anxious to ascertain the truth or otherwise of this rumour, which has excited much un- easiness. The police force, continues our informant, in charge of Lieutenant Uhr, have far too large a district to protect, and, although Mr. Uhr is a most indefatigable and energetic officer, it is impossible for him to visit every part of his district more than once in three months. He has an immense field to traverse, and one comprising more scrub and harbour for blacks than any other patrol in the dis- trict. Bj an an ii ni from London, tvicntv two Belgian nbbits have been safolj landed at Rockhampton, foi the Acclima- tisation Societv there Iron-oieand limestone in great abundance hav o been found, in close proxmutj, on the banks oi the nvci Mcisoj, in Tasmania 1 mr ON Mn TitouVs Pnovmix Ar Ge-sima - About eleven o'clock on riadny night an alarm of Ino was raised in consequenco of a stack of hav of about thirty tons being on uro m a paddock of Mr Thorn's on Gundary plains Tho two engines wero sent out, and anumborof people w ent to render assistance Owing to the distance which water had to be brought, about halî-a-inile, the en fines wero not of FO much use as otherwise would have con tho case The fire, however, was confined to one stack, which was destroyed. There being nn impression that it was the work of an incendiary, a reward of £50 has been offered.-Goulburn Aigus. BUEAKJISG UP OF THF DKOUOHT-The welcome pat- tering of rain drops last evening fell pleasantly upon the car, na promising a termination to tho protracted drought which has visited tho lmmoditito neighbourhood of Rock- hampton. Somo tuno previous to tho commencement of tho showers hero, a very heavy »all took place between the five and ten milo creeka oo the Yaamba Road -Sock /tampion iTaci. 