CONTINENTAL NEWS. [From the Heralds Paris Correspondent.] P.iaiB. FumnjABT 3. 1865. Tnr. second Court boll of (be season has taken place; but the Empress, ?who showed herself for an hour at the first of (hose IwIIf, was not seen at the last. She is certainly in tod health ; but an she is not too ill to go to the theatre, aid to vin't the Pi.urtalen, and other collections that are soon to be siild by auction, the public naturally attributed to some other cause' her Majesty's invisibility on the occasion, in question. Yaiioun explanations are har-ardod, and vari ous stories, more or lees absurd, nrc going tile nyunds ; bnt the meet probable exrlannrion of the Empress's partial re tirement from tier social duties is pernaps to oe louna in me ultra- Catholicity of her religioUB sentiments However this may be, die woDdertul ' rhocbe-cloth ' has not yet been introduced to the gaze of the public, and your distant fccmipphere must wait a little longer £-r more definite news of the new tissue. The Prince Imperial's dinner party proved a most (successful hit. On reachinfj the palace cm; 'of the boys recited, in the name of the rest, some versos of lu's own co'mpofitioD in honour of the youthful host ; and the lnttcr, baring- expressed his thanks in a pretty little speech, took the Ftnt of lwnour in the middle of (he table, hi6 tutor, M. Moiinier, kitting opposite his Imperial pupil, ana helping to ''do the honours of the dinner. Anad ipining room had been fitted up by Robin as the theatre ot his operations, nnd the conjuiing tricks of the renowned 'professor' and his interesting; experiments in various brooches of physical fcience appear to have immensely delighted the crowd of young rpectntors. After the con juring the guests passed into a parlour, and were drawn up in r»o long rows, to await the appearance of (he Emperor and Empress, who soou made their appearance, and miked dowly past the boys, addressing some little remark to moft of them. When their Majesties had withdrawn, ices, Cairo, nnd sandwiches were harded round ; and when. these had been disposed of, the ynun;.' puosts took leave of their little host, and departed higlily delighted with their enter tainment. The Ultramontane papers being very much out of temper just now with the Emperor are professing their piivcB horror at nfiie of the kind being given on a Friday, and spem even more scandalised at the sandwiches than at the lueat- dUbos of the dinner. The sensation excited by tho late famous Encyclics is far from bavin? subsided'. Rxplimations and apologies are coming out by the prore ; and Antouclli, not salisn'ed with his first circular, infoi-m;:i-r all bishops that ' Our most Holy and most Sovereign Lord' (the Pope) did not intend theeightvpiopositioBslo be considered as dog-mas, or absolute low, h«s written to Bishop Dupaaloup, assuring him that 'tbe condemnation of the errors enumerated in the Encyclical need not in any way disturb the consciences of C»thou'cs, nor binder them from fulfilling their duties as good citizens, nor fnuu keeping their oaths to the constitu tion of the country where the liberty of worship is guaranteed.' Yet, not to speak of political events the recent papal utterances condemn as ' damnable'— tlio amenability of clergymen to the civil power, lay education, the secularisation of ecclesiastical property, civil marriage, liberty of conscience, and every other feilh or worship than those of Home ! — the indefatigable cardinal has hot ad dressed a second note to all nuncios, intcr-nuncios, and Marge d'affaires of the Papal Government, in tended to explain away Ihe obnoxious condemnations which, he says, ' are not accompanied by theological defini tions;' and that 'the precise meaning of the condemnations niuslbe sought in the sense of the Encyclicals, Apostolical jitters, and allocutions which are cited after each of the condemnations.' In plain English, that the wily cardinal, who did hie utmost to prevent the publication of the bite challenge addressed to modem civilisation, would tun in duce all Papal agents to regard that publication as not having taken place. Tho Spanish and Portuguese Governments have exactly imitated the action of the French in regard to the Papal documents ; permitting the clergy to announce the jubilee, tut forbidding the publication of the Encyclical and the Syllabus. As for France, it seems not improbable that the famous documents vriU have the effect of strengthening the TMrty that would like to see the Concordat abolished, the iUimidi creed lefe, like all the others, to the convictions of (hose who hold it, and the State ?entirely separated from all connection with religious dogmas and ecclesiastical institutions. A similar result will proVuly be seen in Italy, where the higher clerpy, almost to a man, have published defiant declarations of their determination to publish every wori of the for bidden documents, and boldly state their determination to maintain their allf^iiuice to the Spiritual Power as superior to tbe power of the Government Caiainal Andrea, meantime, in taking good care to inform the world that whatever he mny have said in former days, be now wishes to be considered as an It ilian patriot. An other Neapolitan (artlinal, Monsignor de ViUe, has just left ltome, having Urn suddenly sent into exile by the Pope. -Caidir.alde Ville was the Pope's private chamberlain^ and, as Furli, one of tie privileged persons whose place is in the ? antechamber of St. Peter, and win ass st the Pope on cere monial occetii ns. The pretext assigned for the measure is strargc en-.ii[.li. The Cardinal's baggage, on bis return from » recent vifil m Nuple*, was opened by the authorities rf the T'epal Curi^m-houfe; njwuist this proceeding the Cardinal prates* &, as a violation of his offi cial rights ; tie protest was disregarded, the luggage seuicLcd. aud the Cardinal accused of aUtmptirg to ramble in a quantity of pictures, which are said to have been tti/jd. The Cardinal brought an action against the Mii.^Nr of Coninierce; the verdict was given agoiuet b:m, pm? he ilcn, bin? of French descent, though bora, in N«vl'. v^diwscd Unu«elf to the Vrecch AroUas Eador, trd clain.pd h:e pioferricin. The Ambassador sent a note foithwiih to Antundli. aud Autunelii shoved this note to the P-i-c. lue Pupe immediately wiMte on the mnigin, 'A ivffi is amoved tn Himngnnr de Villa to go from It- me to 'he 1'n neb.' As the giandoes of the Papal Ccurt, as w-11 as rhe higher members of the Roman erif'ocnwy, me se-vur su'jecxd to examination by the Cu.-!i in-house iiu.fJt, ihe Kui.mriK suppose that this un usr^l trca'meiit nnd Mimnai-y expulsion of Mjusij^ior de ViMe is in be a'tr'bircd ti- his Leiug of French descent. The Italian Pm-ttawent luis ooy.pted ltiuasoli's aiugnd ment, end deposed of the motious for inquiry into the regrettable tumult of September List by pacing to the Order of tho l'ay. Tbe Miarinians and cl ricals, who are now lighting on the same side, are furious at having lost tbe opportunity on which they hal counted so fully for (Leir joint atlock on lhe Cuuvcniion and the Government. Tuscany is agiWinp- for tho abolition of capital punishment for all llaly. In 17H6, die then Grand Duke, Peter Leopold, having read the celebrated woik of Beccaria, abolished the (ortuve. caused all tbe instruments of torture in Florence to bepuUicly bunu-d in iheCunitof the Hargello, and sup pitfs«l capital punishment. Ferdimind III. re-established (he dfalh- penalty in 179-3; nnd tun Bourbons, at the Restoration, mainlnined it until ISH.v -When Lncca was annexed to Tuscany, in lt'47, the death-penalty was abolished in that duchy also. In 1848, the Guorazzi Ecimmel'i minisiry fonnally abolished capital punishment, which, though the laws restoring it had fallen into practical desuetude, still existed in the statutes of the Grand Duchy, though, by menus of the application of ' extenuating cir cumstances,' (he Judges had contrived through a period of thirty-five years to prevent any execution from taking place, except in regard to one horrible monster, who had burned an entire family to dci'h, and was executed for that atrocious crime. In 1853 capital punishment was again established by the new penal code, but only one ex ecution tookjriacc, viz., that of a ruffian who murdered an Englishman under circumstances of peculiar atrocity. The Provisional Governmenl of 1859 again suppressed the death penally, which is generally unpopular in Tuscany, and it nas remained supprcweri until the present time. The translation of the sent of Government to Florence has led to a demand bv tbe o-her provinces fornu assimilation of the Tuscan legithiri.n to that of the rest of Italy. Hence the counter movement pot up by the Tuscans, who are ex tremely averse to pee the death penalty re-established, and demand, on the contrary, lhe assimilation of the legislation of the other provirces to their own, in so far as regards th» suppression of capital punishment. lhe slight attempts to iniluce a riot, on the defeat of the motion for inquiry into the events of September, have leen defeated by the good ceuoe of the Turinese, and the energetic attitude of the authorities. The first court hall has gone off with great eclat; and the gay World of the old n on hern capital, so Boon to be deserted, is Duty with the round of small gatherings that are so much Kioto tins fesbion ifcere than the large routs of other capi tals. Prince TJmberto has doUphled the Neapolitans by beginning a penes of brilliant fetes; his first ball was a Tory successful affair, and he is now organising a couple of inaequorades for the coming Carnival, to the trreat joy of the hvely ex- capital. One of these masquerades is to represent * grand hunt, in which are to figure a great variety of mag nificent costumes ; theBecond is to present a sort ef tableau titei,t, recalling *on:e romantic incident of the Middle Ages. The Bales of ecclesiastical property in Naples ere gomg on Biogt successfully ; the buyers, undeterred by |nestly menaces and rcactionarv prophecies, flock in, crowds to (hese sales, and the latt£r often realiso from four to or times the sums at which the lots have been Tallied by the Government oopraisers. The Italian Go vernment has determined to establish a naval elation in the ?Oulf of Mexico, and one on the Pacific. Ships for those destinations are being built at Genoa. . A duel of words has taien place in the Senate at Madrid, tclwecn (he Duke of Tetuan (Marshal O'Donnell), who TiEorously opposed the withdrawal of the Spanish forces irom San Domingo, declaring that had he been at the head -» the expedition he would have pledged his life on the re ?ouctscn of the island in three months, and the Marquis de « Havana (Prim) who, after pajing ample homage to ' the raunta, uiflmaice, and military prestige of the noWo Duke,' ?contended, that the conquest of San Domingo would be a more difficult feat than a campaign in Africa, and that an attempt to hold the islund, against the climate, the forests, ana tbe savagery of the blocks, would lead to a loss of blood «aa treasure utterly disproportionate te its worth, and would necessitate the incessant repression of incessant insurrections supported on the, one hand by Hayti, on. the other bv tte United Slates. As the Minister of the Colonies had previously estimuted the expenditure caused by the wax at af|Jl,1*.-J00 sterling, and the deficit in the revenue of Cuba tl X08'000 eteriing, it is not Eurpiiaing that the Senate, though greatly excited by the eloquent tirade of O'Don ne^voteibya large majority, in favour of the retira ^v V v P.8'1 from t3' roinouu crusade of re- conquest on ^hich she hod entered. In the Chamber of Deputies the ^ttance Musister, M. Barzanallana, has delivered an able ^ettt on the financial conditiou and prospects of the country, and defended its proposition fox a forced lota, ; -vnacn project encounters much opposition inside the House 1 cmiMUtBld01 aL0Ueh tt wiU ProbaWy bo voted by fl* t I i It u rumoured tha). England and franco have adareubed to die Courts of Vienna and Berlin «a energetic protoal npiinst the annexation of the Duchios by Prussia. Tho latter, cr rather the Prime Minister, seems less zealous on the subject, but the Prussian jurisconsults seem to work very slowly in the drawing up of their Jcport on lhe rival claims to those un lucky territories, and Austria is evidently in tatient to see the affair settled by the installation of Prince Frederic The Duchies, meantime, have been gra tified by the rerioration of the administrative union which existed between them previous to 1B44S, the seal of which is again established, as formerly, at the chateau of Gottorp in Rcbleswig. Daring the latt r period of their union with Denmnik tbe administration of each duchy was conducted rtparately, to the great displeasure of tic German element. 1 he union of the territories has been further promoted by the establishment of a common treasury at Hendsbuxg, and a central administration of the Customs and telegraphic derflitnient at Flentburjr. The hitch in the relation of tho Prussian Crown and Chambers Hill threatens trouble. The King, determined jw-t to yield to tic rightful claim of the Farlisment to con trol the expense of the army, has prepared and sanctioned the military estimates, and is going to have them l.iid before tho Chamber, with the distinct intima tion that it may sanction them by its vote, but must neither crilinse, amend, nor otherwise modify them ; and cannot, on any pretext, be allowed to reject them. So iie'ivc an interpretation of Parliamentary right on the pn.rt of a constitutional Sovereign r-iijflit provoke a smile, iii it not threaten to bring about cue of those conflicts which fven Gem;nn rulers have seen to be 'no joke.' The ])e],uiksucm determined to romtiin firm ia the assertion of Ibcii'Parh'anientiuy right aud duly; and the citizens of Cologne have sent to Csunt Von Grabow, the President of Ibe Chamber, as n mark of their approbation of his grent Fpcedi at tLo opening of the session, a civic crown, in tho ti;ai e of a gurlAnd of oak leaves, of pure silver, with an enihuriottic addretf. £- n e of the Paris papers are angry with the newly nrrivfd Austrian ambassador at Mexico, because, in cx j retting his good wishes for ' the prosperity of the country which Fiwidence has placed under your Majesty's sceptre,' m;d Eny that, seeing the part taken by France in setting up tl;c new empire, il is lather t«o bad to leave out ftU mention, uf Pmcce, and attribute the whole credit of the work to ' Fiovidtnce.' A msgnincent ball and supper were given at the EngliVU tniLasky a couple of nights ago. The spleudid niile of looms, with their fine chandeliers and still finer innlights, their ** wealth of flowerii,' and the splendid deco inticns »nd ttilets of diplomatic and fashionable guests, ) i**-nted a ^very brilliant coup fail. The lions and lionesses of the Court, the diplomatic, financial, and aristo cratic world were therein full force; and the honours of tho ivening were done by the noble host with his usual mild f,r.-3 quiet courtesy, by Lady Cowley with all the grace and p-acious kindliness for which she is eminently conspicuous. I he la'l-vooni presented a very animatiil spectacle. The nipper, which was superb, was served in the beautiful bunquelt ing-room at 2 o'clock. The young heir to the Russian Crown is suffering from iheumatitm, and from astnunliegot a day or two since when catching one of his brothers in the act of falling. Dr. Ivayer and Professor Kelnton have been to Nice to see bin), but those two eminent authorities do not seem to thiok there is much the matter. Friday, February 10. Whatever may be the opinion of the rest of the world on (he merits of the great struggle now ponding across the Atlantic, the instincts and sympathies of our common humanity must preclude the possibility of our regarding wilh indifference either the frightful amount of suffering nnd mortality caused by a war carried on upon so unprece dented a scale, or the efforts which have been made with a view to the mitigation, as far as the nature of the case per mits, of those terrible products of the battle field. It may not, therefore, be uninteresting to the readers of the Sydney Scraid to learn that a very able and graphic account of the origin, organisation, and results of the vast philanthropic e&sociatiqn;, which, under tho same of 'The Sanitary Ccmmission ' has done so much to alienate the horrors of the grievous contest now raging in the once- united States cf America, has just been published by that most fortunate of specialists, Thomas W. Evans, M.D., who holds the appointment of surgeon- dentist to the Emperors of France and Russia, and all the other crowned heads of Europe, including (he Sultan of Turkey, and who possesses stars and orders almost past the counting, and a private practice so extensive and lucrative as to render him an object of envy to his brother practitioners. This gentleman has recently made a stay of several months in the United States, whither he had gone for the purpose of visitine the scene of war, and collecting materials for the work in question. From the data furnished by Dr. Evans, it appears that tbe want of organisation which so greatly impeded the first attempts at military action on the part of the North was rtill more evident in the utter absence of all provision for maintaining the health of its armies, and for the care of the rick and wounded. The mortality consequent on euch a state of things was necessarily enormous; and so harrow ing were the descriptions given by eye-witnesses of the Mifferings endured by the army for vfimt of proper clothing, feed, hospital comforts, and appliances for the relief of the wuunded, that a group of ladies belonging to the most in fluential and respected families of New York, stimulated by the example of the heroic Florence iMphtingnJe, determined to emulate the efforts \t hii-h liad produced such excellent results among the Eriiub. forces in the Crimean campaign. To this end, these li-ciics drew up and published an Appeal, addressed to the vrn.cn uf the city, and inviting them to a public meeting it.T the f uryrose of forming a regular association, having for its twofold aim lhe preservation of the health of the soldiers in the cau:p ly due attention to lygienic conditions, and lhe urbanisation of ambulances, hospitals, and supplies of everything needed for the cure of the sick and the relief of lie wounded. This meeting — the largest assemblage of the fuir sex ihtt has ever luken place in the New World— WKE he:d en tie 29th of April, 1961, in the great hall of the & o) er Institute, end was presided over by Mr. Hamlin, V ioc-Prcsidert of the United States ; the well-inownpastors, Dr. Bellows and Dr. Bethunc ; and the venerable philan (hroj.ist, Dr. Mott; all of whom addressed the meeting, (citing foith the necessity of nunediate action in order to prevent disease and mortality in the camp, and to palliate the terrible Bufferings of the battle-field and the hospital. Such was the enthusiasm of this meeting, and so great the aptitude for business manifested by its leaders, that before it separated the proposed association was regularly Jivrxncd, its officers appointed, its scope defined, and its mode of action distinctly laid down. The new body, which had assumed the name of the ' Central Sanitary Commission,' though composed of women, had preferred, from motives of convenience, to choose its principal officers from the other sex. Dr. Wort, who stands at the head of the medical profession in the States, was made president ; the Rev. Dr. Bellows vice-president, andthe distinguished writer, T. LawOlmsted, Kcretary-general. No sooner had the Commission Ihus constituted itself, than it took the proper btcps for obtaining its legal recogni tion by the Government of the United States ; instituted a ctmjnission of inquiry into the sanitary etateof the army, in all the numerous branches of that complicated subject, established an official correspondence with the medical staff of the Federal army, entered into alliance -with various medical associations in view of aid which these were requested to contribute, issued Btirring appeals calling upon the women of every section of the United States to form local branch associations for collecting funds and furthering the auuB of the Commission ; established a central magazine of lint and bandages ; and opened an office for the examina tion and registration of nurses of both sexes, able to perform hospital duty for the sick nnd wounded, and willing to proceed to any point to which they should be sent by thie directresses, lhe formation of the Commission was warmly approved by the Minister of War, by General Scott, then. Commander ill- Chief of the federal forces, and by all the loading au thorities , civil and military, of the North, many of whom, including: General Scott, hastened to enrol themselves among its officers. The new association endeavoured to act in concert with the Medical Bureau, the efficial organ of tlie Government for all that concerned the physical neces fitics uf tho army. But that body, though utterly unable 1« cope with the necessities of a struggle at «nce so colossal and so sudden, was extremely jealous of the Commission, which it regarded as an interloper and a rival, and con' tiived with tie usual ingenious obstructiveness of red tcpeifm to throw so many obstacles in the way of the hitter, tl.at the Commission soon found itself compelled to break off the attempt to unite with that body in a common action, and thenceforth followed a perfectly independent cc-uree of action. The Central Commission soon found itself at the head of fifteen sub- commissions established in the principal cities of the North, and of no less than 35,000 branch s( clerics, all of which were zealously tt work collecting funds and contributions in kind, making lint, devising improvements of various kinds, recruiting nurses, and fur thering tbe objects of the Central Commission with which, through tho sub- commissions, they were in constant com munication. Such was tbe zeal of these associations, and s« general was the response of the entire community to their appeals for help, that the contributions, in goods and in nionev, received by the Central Commission amounted at the date of October, 18G2, to the astounding sum of £40,000,000 sterling. That the efforts of this Large philan thropy have not slackened since that period may be inferred from tho fact that in October, 1864, th- Commission had received from women quantities of clothing aud stores of all kinds whose collective value was nearly £2,000,000 sterling, and £133,000 sterling in money. To all theso sums, collected without the slightest help from Govern ment, must be added tie proceeds of the great 'sales' -which were organised in several of the prin cipal cities, the people of each State contributing what ever they could give to be sold for the benefit uf the cause. One of these 'sales' being advertised to be held at Chicago on the 26th of October, 1863, and the four follow; [ ing days, the lines of waggons that rumbled heavily into that city, bringing the gins of the people of the State from | far and wide, were five kilometres in length. These waggons, generally driven by the farmer or mechanic who bad done most towards getting them filled, contained grain, flour, beef, hams, bacon, dried fish, candles, flax, preserves, potatoes, wood, machinery, nails, furniture, paper, jewel lery, cloth, cotton goods, boots and shoes, pianos, watches, clocks, arms, boats, sledges, baskets, pottery, lamps, wooden-ware— something, infact, of everything produced by the State of Michigan. A vast restaurant was organised by the ladies of the town for feeding the crowds of buyers who flocked to tbe sale from all the States of the Union. For this purpose the city divided itself into ' quarters,' each 'quarter' divided itself into ' wards,' and each 'ward' tent in a list of the coutributitns it was prepared to fur tiish during ihe five days over which the sale was to extcrd. Thus, for Monday, Ihe house No. 1, First-strpct, jrtomired SO lbs. of toa6t beef ; No. 2, 60 cauliflowers; No. Is, 20 apple tarts ; No. 4, 20 lbs. of bread ; No. 6, 35 roast luikcjs; No. 6, 10 lbs. ol cianberry siiuce; No. 7, 20 lbs. '?) rotntoo; nnd fio on. For each day a similar list of \- ( Tilrilmlic dk was mode up by one of the 'quarters.' One l.ULdrcd ol tbe pretliestpirlsof tho toftii, many of them the -'«i;phltrf! of the lichrt! nnd must 4'aristocrnric' families, Tolunlemd their wivices- us waiters ; n nuuv-ious corpse)' cid? being coniribu1ed byllie young gcntlimer. of the place, tl.e honour of being admitted to help tie fair waiter* being CMgerly cortestcd by all the youths of tho city. This restau rnnt of n novel order supplied nil comera with nn excellent ilirner et a charge of fivepenre English, tho profits rcsuliing li-om the 'sale,' incluMve -il the money takin at the lesrau mnt, ttinuuoting to £160,000 sterling. A similar 'snle' rot up at Cincinnati produced £56,000; one nt Ihocklyn proo1^'! £W,000 ; one ut I'Jiiladelpaui l-rtidiici-d £240,000 ; one at New York pro ducrd £280,000; all of which sums were paid over at once Jo tie Ccntial Commission. Bphopn the large amounts thus obtained, considerable additions to the general fond liove hem rondo by the iwjlatcd gilts of iudividuuls who l^nve cnm'i-d poods nr money to rho bmncli societies nearest liieir place ol it-nidence. The Americnrw resident in Europe , linve «nf in to the Central Coniminnion something over £16,000. 'Jhe collating, transmission, nnd employment of iLc vast funds thus placed by private benevolence in the lifiudsof the Sanitary Ci niuV'i-sion, have been effected at n tola! cost of fiui i-i-r cent. 'With tie nid of these magnificent contributions, and tliioii^h the inrtrumrntiilify of the numerous bauds of v- lur.icn.-. of lolb fops. »lm have enrolled themsflvos on ll -n Kfifte^B i.f flip C-in'.iiiiN-ioncTE, nud who proceed to any pint indicated by the Commission, giving their services piatu-'cui-K riuiiiig their May, this greal aud I active as«o- f-htiun hup lotn f^ablid in orarhiel careful inquiries into the faritmy coiidilinri- of cunips nud hospitals, and to curry cut in both llie imjmilnat i-mcl«iittious advanced by the iibie Ki- iciilific n:cu by whom tlips-c inquiries were conducted. Uv its cj.dtirnp, not only hove extro clothing nnd Ki'tirns been largely provided for the Federal iirmies, lilt vniievi- important innovation* have been introduced uriorrmpiiiA fcoFpirrl building, whereby the ventilation, (li iiii.ofre, kitchens, chiirr.cjs, and (rcnend convenience and ?iKsldiiMti-pf Ui«**difiOTf-V.«ve bcpsi fjvcatly improved. Nevr iTidcbincry hns l**n pperinlly devised f«r lightening the Jnbcuif if enmp Eorvnnifl nnd hospital a.*si(itant6 ; new loiJv-ny caniacrs and anihulnnoe waggons have been de viu-d for reducing the sufleiing- attendant on tbe transport cf Ihe wounded ; bodies of nun-es of both i oxc-s, divided into companies, presided over by clalful leaders, rud i-ccom- ) Biiitd by their respective doctors, surgeons, cnoki-, oud Hide, nnd amply provided with beds, blinkers, pillows, linen, lint, food, wine, aud hospital MurcF. have followed the Hdvunce of tlie armies, and established themselves in clf.fr vicinity to tbe field of battle, bestowing their help lOiV-r on frir'nd and foe. In some inslauces, when it has Urn jwsible for the Federal General to indicate btfouband the scrae ef nn approaching con Ifft, these emissaries of merry have preceded tLe army, and set up their tents before the meeting of tbe hostile forces. The Hospital Volunteers are ie ciuitcu from every calling, and from every rank of life — uuihc]£, esiisfs, clergymen, lawyers, shopkeepers, mechanics, fsmierp, ond doy-labourers, entering their name.' for one or more days, for a week, or a month, of gratuitous service, during which time they are at the mpruyof the Coinmiseion i is. and are lodged and fed in the spccul slcepinir and cook ing tc nts provided for their aceoniiiiod.ition. The Commis (?inn bus organised a similar system of help and sprvice on beard tbe numerous floating hospitals it has provided on tie principal rivers of the seal of war. It has also provided rost-cflices, workshops, libraries, and various means of iicaltby recreation for the soldiers in camp, and for the con YflleRccnts in the hospitals ; and hub provided at certain of its fixed centres of operation stores of writing nnd printing material, and printing presfeF, with the aid of which news* papers are regularly published bv the soldiers themselves. Dr. Evans cites, among others of these ' military journals,' Jhc Arincury-square Hospital Gozctte. at Washington, edited, and magniBcently printed, by the convalescents of the AnnuuiT Square Hospital, which contains a thou sand beds. This newspaper, which has appeared regularly for more than a year, is sold, as are all the others, tor the tencfit of the sanitary commission. Some idea mny 'bo formed of the scale on which the operations of the sanitaiy commission are carried orij from tbe fact that its fleet of hospitnl-sliips already consists of 1vo enormous steamers, six smaller Etcamers, and two ' floating hospitals,' on the Atlantic coast, and eight large river steamboats which move up and down the great stream of the seat of war, following the movements of the various corps (Farmee. Among the various highly interesting testimonials to the usefulness of the operations of the com mission cited by Dr. Evans, is a mosi touching letter, ad dresFed by one of its commissaries tw its chiefs in New Yelk, describing the joy of the sick find wounded, and of -hrir regular attendants, at the reception among the feverish and putrid marshes of Tennessee, of the cargo of ice, fresh bread, tea, wine, new brotli, fruit, vegetables, preserves, hammocks, linen, clothing, mattresses, cushions. blcnketF, &c;, for the want of which the sick and wounded were dying, and the sound were falling ill. The excellence of its arrangements for the transport of the wounded may be measured by the declaration of Dr. Banram, who states, in i)ie irijuit uu Iiib cxjjeriem-c Hi rout aepartniest in tne West, that since he has been engaged in superiatending the railway ambulance trainB, he has transported 20,472 patients, of whom he has lost only one, who, notwithstanding the urptnt remonstrances of the surgeon aud bis own, persisted in imploring that he might ' be sent home to die in the bofom of his family.' Want of space precludes my following the author of this intcrerting woik into the detailed account he gives of the oj-f rations of the Commission, and of the res'ilts accom plished, to the excellence and importance of which all the gaicrals who have commanded toe Federal armies, and innny of the Southern generals also, have borne ample testimony. Suffice it to fay thnt while the Sanitary Coiu miff ion has can ied off tbe palm for a larger, more enlight ened, and more successful application of private charity to the alleviation of tie horrors and sufferings of war than the Vf rid has yet seen, the example set by it has been nobly followed, though on a smaller scale, by various local asso ciations, improvised on various points of the North, for the tame objects. From the partial information which, alone, was accessible lo Dr. Evans, it appears that the women of the Confederate States have not been behind their sisters of the North in their generous ardour; but have organised under similar nufpiceB, and with proportionate success, according to their \- ioje limited means, a similar 6ystem of camp and hospital relief which, under the name of the ' Soldieis' Aid Society,' las emulated the zeal and devotion of its northern proto ' To all who, hopeless of any immediate conquest of an angry -world by the principles of tbe Peace Society, are in t( rested, either from a scientific or a humane point of view, in the diminution of the sufferings and mortality of war, the work in question, with its full details of the orga nisation and result of the Sanitary Commission of the United Etates, supplemented with, valuable statistics of the military hntpitals of that country, and of the hospital department of the allied armies in the late Italian campaign, which Dr. Evans, under the auspices of his Imporial patron, was enabled to investigate in detail, will be -welcome both, for the importance of its information and its manifold sugges tiveness, and for the spirit of enlightened philanthropy which pervades its pages. Saturday, February 18. We are, just now, as gay as the constantround of dinners, balls, soirees, public and private theatricals, and concerts — in which Paris always indulges at this occasion— can moke us. The autocrats of the toilette have decided on tho cos tume of their subjects for the present winter : and your readers may understand that dresses are worn enormously full at the bottom, but 'sloped' towards the waist (thus avoiding the defect of ' bunchiness '), veiy much trinjnjfid, and ttry long behind ; so that, lor the street, it is absolutely necessary to loop them up, and indoors equally necessary to resign yourself (if of the gown- wearing hidf of humanity) to let 'them be walked upon by everybody who comes near you. The only remark called for as te tissues is to tho effect that satins are evidently ' coming in' — rich, stili, soft, great-grandmotherly satins that can stand alone, and make the rich, lustrous folds ar:d ' ciinkles' that look so fine in fine old pictures. Fortrimming,every modiste hns herown etyle, and all are 'admitted.' Flounces are again become things of the past (and future !), but every otiier imaginable etyle is in vogue; fringes, embroidery, ribbons, trimmings, lace, jet spangles, beads, pearls, blonde, gimps, chenille, buttons, large round cord, velvet, all are used. Ivory, silver, gilding, jet, end steel, are all used in buttons,' bass, pendents, and lace, A recent dress that created a sensation at the Tuileries ball was of rose-coloured satin, five skirts of which, worn one above the other, were lavishly trimmed with sicel lace and ricel points. Think of the weight of such a gown, oh, hnppy masculine readers, and bless your lucky stars that jou are never tempted to crush your* elves under such a weight of finery and folly, even for the sake of dnsszlhig aS eyes with the sheen of a complete outfit cf steel, snob, as that worn, by the lady in question, who sported a necklace, earrings, stomacher, und bracelets of that material, pioducing an eflect considered to lio equally 'striking and chnrming.' Bonnets lire now vom so excessively small or.d close that it is hardly worth while to mention thoin ; tbe Incl; huir is left exjjoted, the 'bonnet' con Bitting of a fmuhon (small half- handkerchief), just big (tou^h to cover tbe top and sides of tho head and to curry a leather outside and a couple of flowers inside. A mite of a bonnet, of white tulle, just made bv Holflo for the EuirrcEe, is nlinoit covend with littlo green Mexican bc-ctles ; another is equally devoted to beetles, and tlie tiny vhite snails, likp liiother-of-pear), of which Venice is popularly believed lo have a monopoly. Crinolines are worn very niuch smaller 1bon foiincrly ; the height of per fection, as legnrds the 'hnng' of a skirt, being now tho e-crcbinatieo of not/dug t» ffout, with a comet-like trailing out, for two or three, i'eet, behind. The new stylo of hair dretFi'ng (a return to the absurdities in vogue under the First Empire'), in which the head is covered with short, wavy curls, lileo the back of a Newfoundland dog, and, like that, with no bign of a ' parting, ' is not likely to be generally adopted. With this style of hair, the head is stuck over wiili flowets, or ornaments of diamonds, and a wieath is wound round it, and fallB over the shoulders. Jewelleiy is large nud showy, and all sorts of eccentric fancies, made up of gold, enamel, and jewels, are wera. For instance, the great now jeweller, ? Samper, has, at tnls time, in his windows, a pair of earrings, each earring consisting of twin cherries, as largo a:- the lorpest 'life-size,' of hollow gold, enamelled red, with gold stalks. As imitations of nature, these cherries are exqui ? sue; (.urtaniascy the birds pecking at them. Butsuon things, miHiwtxnilin nrc evidently entirely out of place. In record to tlie ranlc toilette, noofher novelty is visible save the substitution of vdvet for broadcloth, which is occasionally attempted l.y innovnlinp spirits, the velvet looking «o much pi- ctti'i- (bun its rival that ouc would fain see it more gt-iHinlly ndopted. The Kplrr.did fete (riven on Puturdoy last, at the PalRis Royftl, at ?nl.ieh the Imperial family, the diplomatic body, nnd a wonderful pntbering of feshion, ort, science, litera ture, 1l-.p Tuw. Piiliish refugees, and Italian democratics were broupbt into contact with' the ministerial, official, and financial world, Iicib been by fur tha most brilliant MiceesH of the season. Prince Napoleon, whose fjmrathics and fluliratbips are well known, issued nearly -lu*c thousand mvitations, including people of every clat*. opinion, and nationality, except priests and Russians. The Enippror may posf ibly nave winced a little at finding liimwlf lh cMrqmny with General Turr, and so many of Guribaldi't intimate tviends ; but nothing could exceed the nrjuu-enf enrdin)ity of the Impeiial pair and their princely IiiiMf. It v us tlie' firel praud bull giveu by Prince Napoleon rid Piinc-sf Clotilda, and every one was curious to see how they would neqt.it tlKmFelve6 of the duties, Prince Napo l»n, nt'tuirillv blur.t in manner, disliking ceremonious piiiLriouivfiLdFiiiiccFS Clotilda being extremely shy and timid, pjid alwvys Irjir.gto ran h way if any one looks at ):iV. But tlit curiously nsfori'-'d couple did the honours with rti much pi Bee and oflubility, lifld such pleasant little icir.flilt lfnoj fill- each gut-bt, mid welcomed everyono with fi n.iiili tcixlinlity, that the rtflhir has been a triumph for tbeii niTitalinn ns hosts, lhe Palais-Royal is a very renutilul ! it side nee, Mid Prince Napoleon, who is apas *i- lin'e Jfner uf art, and a very accomplished connoisseur, lins Fjtfiii iinmenee sums in the art collections vith wlif-h he has iilled the two-and-twenty KilenMu rki'ptum-rooms of that noble palace, all of which wi re i Li ovu «i en on the occasion, their contents being left In Hip Vrinoe's command in exactly their usual order. The Fllfri did nit rnnee -hall was converted into a thicket of flov,iiirpil!iubs; Sowere being most tastefuny distributed ibu.i f]i nlj (he rooms. The lighting was magnificent; tbe (wo (uherfras fiujjerb, and the refreshments the most ex quisite that riuistculd furnith, nnd the supper 'amiracle' of miittie cnekcry. On this splendid afliur, at which the display of iewcjlery wax unusually magnificent, and the tnijotii-s of'tlie Indies ns lavishly fine ns such things can be, (\l;r- gtutSam-n, includiiigtlie Emperor and Prince Napoleon, being in ptoin evening dress), the Prince spent £1200. The MipUT alone cost £660, the rest being spent in flowers and lichts-. ' . 1 lie ceremony of Ihe opening of the Legislative session tick plce-e -n the fine old Medieval Hall of the Old Louvre, cullc-l the Sa/le rf(* Mats, on Wednesday, with the wual noip. The hall, splendidly fitted up with ci imttn velvet mid gold ; the Kmperors great gilded chair, nud a eniallo- one fov 1'iincc Nspulefn, being pUiced on the lilntlum, under a dait, at the uj.per end of the Hall, the Eniiircts' .'tribune,' partitioned otf with velvet draperies, to (£e right uf the throne, containing gilded chnirs for her Ftlfpud the princesses, the stcjjB of the throne boiog set npmt for Cardinals, Bishops, Ministers, Generals, Prefects, rxd ether exalted functionaries, the body of the Hall filled with erimt^n btnch.es for senators, deputies, the Courts, Bar, IJmvtp-iiy. &c;, the Ambassadors having a corner of tbe pallei-yf with their ladies just beyond, the principal wployvs octhc vaiiius Ministiics opposite the Ambassa d(rs, and tSrir lody -friends next to them, and the rest ef the gallerieji, all round the vast, obloug Hall, crammed with Indies, who: were sodly persecuted by the bland and smiling, bit inflexible ushors, who kept up a perpetual process of iqueczinjrfpd pushing, utterly regardless of crinoline, that resulted iA finding seats for nearly all the dense crowds rf weoiers of that uncomfortable adjunct. Uy 1 1 o'clock Oie Hall was ah'vo \vith uniforms and em broidery, and the galleries crammed to theb utmost capacity. 'By 12, the masses of costumes below pre t Bin d 'n verv strikiDg effect; and the gorgeous caparisons of the CcEt'Gardes, behind the Throne, making a magnifl eent border Smd background to the whole. A. tew minutes before one,- the cannon, inaudible to those in the Hall, aincunced fhat the Imperial people were getting into thoir esrringes to perform the journey of 500 yards between the door of the Tuileries and the Hall ; the Grand Usher silenced the Babel of gossip by announcing the Empress ; cverj- one rose, and turned towards the doors, and that gmctful lady, m a dress and scarf of white satin, trimmed with a band of marone-coloured feathers and deep white fringe, and h tiny white bonnet, no bigger than a cap, with a lart-e feather and white crosses, advanced up the middle of the Hall,i left open as a passage. The little Prince, in his little sergeant's uniform, walked beside his mamma, bowing nlsoTand a group of princesses and ladies of honour, tilth cue of two equerries, followed her Majesty. The wrntlerful gface which is the Empress'B characteristic, hag been too often spoken of to call for comment here; but so man cllcus it is that every time one sees her, one is struck by it as though one bad never seen it before. She gh'des along like a wavp ; and when, amidst the vimtts of the asfombiy, she had mounted the steps of the throne as no ether wrnian could mount them, she turned round towards the fathering, and made one of those deep, emooth, slow curtfcjs which the alone is capable of making, the entire cFreinblv gave out a murmur of admiration. The Empress end her party had scarcely token their seats when the tuber announced the Emperor, 'lhe masses of colour, of enibioidcry, of quaint old-world eostumes, all so niEtinqtly defined in their special portions of the fcall/ seen' in so splendid u locale, and the bui-h of expectation that was so clearly perceptible, throughout the gathering, rendered the scene at that mcnu-nt, very striking and impressive. His Majesty, aeeompanied by Prince Napoleon, both in general's uniform, with the red riband of the Legion of Honour, and the Em peror wearing six miniature orders, followed the brilliant group cf officers and chamberlains up tlie middle of the hall, the reception being pretty good, but not enthusiastic. The Etcperor walked as usual bowing right and left, but with a flight halt that proves how difficult it is, even for wearers uf Crowns, to get rid' of the grip of rheumatism, and seated himself en lhe throne ; the Grand Master of the Cere monies, the old Duke of Cambaceries, desiring the Assem bly to Le seated. The Emperor took a roll of paper from a ChaiaV.erkm, and slowly unrolled it, amidst a silence that was m perceptible to the ear as sound. The anxiety of all to catch the first utterances of the Oracle was evidently in tense ; and the increasing satisfaction, as the Emperor proceeded with his speech, was equally evident. Ihe Emperor did not appear to me, who have so often heard him, to be perfectly at his case ; T**riWy tbe fcr.owledge that, under all graceB of diplomatic language (he priestly gauntlet has been definitively thrown down, end tbat a secret war is henceforth to be waged by the powerful body he has favonred and petted, against him find his dynasty, may have affected even his impassive nerves. At all' events, he made four times, a slight 'bog- gle,' Eeeminp to mistake a word and correcting the mis take ; a thine:, I believe, he never did before. But the bursts of applause which accompanied the reading must have rc- af&ured; him. The passages recommending a policy of peace, and (hose which paid the usual tribute to the 'glory' of tfce French arms, were equally applauded; those which spoke of Italy and Mexico were warmly received, and both (he allusions to hie determinations, while main taining the spiritual influence of the priesthood to maintain the supremacy of the civil power, were received with a tempt «t of applause; at tlie latter of tw» declarations on this point, (he Assembly not only Bhouting ' Vive V Bnjieiim- r' at the top of their voices, but half of them waving their tri-cornered hats in the exuberance of their approbation. Ob tlie conclusion of the Speech the plaudits were general, hearty, and twice-renewed. The swearing-in of tho new members followed. The Grand Master then declared, by We Majesty's command, 'that the Legislative Session of ] 866 was opened, and invited the various bodies of (he State to lend their efforts for the advancement of the public weal. The Emperor then quitted the hall, slowly, lowing, as he bad entered it, but smiling as he went, and looking as (hough well pleased with the demonstration, the AFEembly standing, and making full use of its lungs in hiB honouu. After the Emperor' had left with his suite, tile Empress and 'little Prince, followed as before, took their departure amidst a chorus of Wrote. The little Prince has a chnrinins- face, and his bows, so comically child-like and yet full of conscious dignity, seemed immensely to »n:iute nnd delight the assemblage. Everybody bent for wnvd, laughing ond bowing, to see the little creature as ho meved on by bis mother's side, and all of them looked as though thev would have enjoyed the possibility of bestow ing a parental Mrs on him. An immense crowd filled the square outside and the adjoining streets, and seemed to take a lively satisfaction in seeing the carnages and their loads of male end female finery drive by through the double line of soldiers that had formed the hedge along the Imperial rond. . The principal domestic events of the week have been the censure of the leralcitrant Bishops by tbe Council of State, the letters of praise and felicitation adSressed by the Nuncio to these very prelates for the course which has drawn on ILem the censure of the Council ; the complaint sent to ' Borne by SI. Di-ouyn de Lhuys, and published in the JUottifcur, of this action of the Nuncio, which is qualified as an abuse of diplomatic privilege and a viola tion of international law; the Nuncio's apology to lhe Emperor for these letters, and now the arrival of a letter from Pius IX, praising the piety and devotcduess of the inculpated prelates, and giving them hie benediction for the action that had already created ao much e-ffervesrence nnd scandal! A very pretty and edifying imlroglio. Peace has been signed between Spain and Peru, the latter agreeing to jmy to her ei-dcvttnt mistress the sum of 100 willicns cf reals as a war indemnity. The expedition opainit Sun Domingo is definitively abandoned, end the sn.all rtmnins of tho Spanish troops spared by fever and Iwrdship arc beirg brought back. Disturbances at Turin, fci nn insulting character to the' King, hastened tho de parture of Victor Emmonuel for Florence, the population turning out at every point on the journey, and welcoming him with the utmost enthusiasm, and Florence improvising n fctta of flags, illuminations, and serenades in honour of King IIoaiKtinon. The King is said to have shed tears at quitting the old home of his fathers and his youth, and will doubtless accept graciously and gladly the penitential ad dresses which the people of Turin are signing. The fault of these regrednble manifestations, so suicidal in policy, and so singularly unjust to tho King, who sacrifices all the pleasure of his life in quitting Turin, appears to lie at Jhe door of a few obstinato old Picdmontcee nobles forming part of the municipality of Turin, pnd who, furious at seeing Turin deposed from Its metropolitan pre-eminence, have mado common cause with 'the blacks and the reds' in this foolish and wicked at tempt to throw obstacles in the way of tho convention of Sep'ember and the unity of Italy, to which that convention is so important a stepping- BtoBB. Nothing is yctWled about tlie Duchies. Tho Prussian Government end Chambers arc once more openly pitted against each other; but what may come of the quarrel it is not easy to foresee. Meantime, we learn that Denmark is far ahead of all other countries, not even excepting Prussia, in the work of popular education. King Leopold has been ill, Lut is better. The Czar bas refused to receive the depu ties of (be Assembly of Nobles of Moscow, and will not look at their late memorial praying him to grant a constitu tion and parliamentary government to Russia, has advised them, through the Minister, to go home and take core of their own concerns, and informed them that ' when the emancipation of (he serfs is accomplished, and the Emperor Nitpolcon has crowned the edifice in France, it will be time enough for Russia to think about Constitutions and Parlia ments.' Monday, February 27th. We arc in the midst, not of the^ffirfyof the Carnival, for that hns been gradually diminishing, and is now nil, but of its lacket, (he latter being still kept in the memory of the picstnt by the outburst of tin trumpets with which all the jeungsterc of the ' lower orders ' assault the ears of the public at this season. As for the immemorial procession of (he 'Fat Oxen,' during the three d»ys of Shrovetide, it Ugnn yesterdny, is going on while I write, and will come to a close- to-morrow evening when the poor animals who hnvp been exciting the curiosity of the town will end their o-liibitun and their lives in the grand new suburban tlni ghtcrhouses which arc henceforth to be the scene of the con\e)Mcn cf cattle into beef for the Paris market. The Shrovetide show has been rather shabby for a few years list, lut tliis jcar has come out with new splendour. The four monstrous animals which have obtained the fatal lionrars of 1he annual competition are named in honour of tbe four popular ploys of the moment, Sataclan, Captain Bturiot, Master Gucrin, and Old Jiochclor. These fonr liRve been accemmodated with triumphal chariots, richly, or el any lute, lavishly adorned with gilding, white paint, flowers, ribands, and tinsel. Fourenormous chariots, equally pry, ore filled with mythologic characters, and representing nil the pandccB of Olympus, from Father Time to Cupid, or.d all ef whom will, so doubt, pay for the honour of their «) otLeosis by having to go through with terrific colds, with Kings and Queens of France, fire-eating Paladins, knights in aiu.our, nnd a variety of personages borrowed from the ]Tge« ol history and romance. All these, as also the bauds of' lietors,' ' sucrifieators,' &e.;, ore got up with more care and cuet than usual, as is also tho Master Butcher who, as I write, is playing so conspicuous a part in the tawdjy pugennt, Biraycd as a Roman high priest, Tour other eixen, the ' second prizes ' (so to say) of the great Shrovetide Cattle Fair, are to-morrow to join the cortege, toiling wearily on foot. These four supplementary victims, in honour of the succersful new newspapers of those names, are to be called respectively, ' The Little Journal, 'The Great Journal,' 'The Journal,' and '-My Journal.' The usual escorts of national guards and policemen, and aiccmrnniments of military bands, are taking part in the af. air, W of masks none are to be seen. At home & good many children arc, no doubt, rejoicing in masks that they nrc delighted to show off to all who happen to come to the ht use, pouncing out upon you, as you enter the parlour, with (he head of a wolf or an ape, or the face of an. ogre, ar.d fully believing in the reality of (he demonstrations of teiror with which you receive their onset. To-morrow night all Paris -will dance— the ' upper tea' in {.alares, and hotels almost as splendid — the lower twenties in the thousand ballrooms of fc/i's and guitigcttcs. The groat masked boll at' the French Opera will be wilder and madder than its eleven predecessors ; and then, with one other successor, on Easter Morjday, the famous series of opera balls will be closed until nest season. lhe preface to the Emperor's history of Julius Ca-sar bos just been published m tbe Mom'teur, and is being ccpied into all ihe other journals. This first instalment of tbe woik, which fiom one end of Europe to the other is being waited for with so much interest and curiosity, opens with the statement that truth should be the aim of tbe historian, and that the latter should not content himself with even (he truth of fact, but should endeavour to bring to light the reasons of the facts of history, and to analyse alike (he political and social movements which rendered each new feet possible, and those which result from it as its natural consequence. If the Romans, argues the Im perial writer, were triumphant for a thousand years, there mutt have been, in their antecedents and actual state, an adequate reason for those triumphs ; and also in the con ditie ns of the nations over whom they triumphed, an adequate reason fur their overthrow. In other words history is to be regarded, says the author, as the manifestation of a regular sequence of cause and effect, and as being worthily treated in proportion as this sequence is clearly shown, and made to contribute its true lessons for the enlightenment of the world. Pa&inR; from these general considerations on the pioduction of events te the consideratisn of their authors, tbe writer ('eclares that all men *f eminent genius, whose qunb'ty is demonstrated by deeds that surpass the level of ordinary action, are privileged beings, ' luminous beacons, dissipating the darkness of (heir times, and illuminating the futuie,' and deprecates the narrow appreciation that would judge them by their weaker sides, attributing to men of genius the passions and sentiments of mediocrity, and dis paracing the mental altitude to which narrow minded interpreters are unable to raise themselves. The object of tie imperial author is defined as being 'to prove that when Providence raises up such men as Cesar, Charle rr.igne, or Kapoleon, it is to trace out to the nn(ions tbe patii ihey uu^ut to fwll-yir,»' aud tw show that the world is unwise in crucifying its Messiahs, instead of accepting them with open cius, and aiding them to lead it forward en its way to de velopment. But though the world can kill its teachers, and thus retard its own progress, the influence of a man of genius Jives en, and moulds succeeding ages by the impul sion of his ideas. 'Neither the murder of Cajsar, nor the Captivity of St. Helena, was able to destroy the two popular couecf, overthrown by a league that had covered itself with themoek of liberty. Brutus, by killing Cajsar, did_not pre vent the reign of Augustus, but be rendered possible those of Keio and Caligula. Nor did the ostracism of Napoleon by the combined forces of Europe prevent the Empire from being re-established ; and yet how far we are from the solu tion of gieat questions, tie pacification of passions, the legitimate satisfactions given to peoples by the First Empire I 1 hue, every day since 1815, has witnessed the fulfilment of the prophecy of the Captive of St. Helena : — ' How much struggle, blood, and time will still be needed before the good that I would have done for humanity can be accom plished !' ' It would, of course, be absurd to prejudge a work like flint which is about to appear, by the preface of which I have given the brief foregoing rewme ; but the friends of (he Imperial writer may regret that the causes of the fall of the First Empire have not been more adequately summed up as they might so easily have been, in this opening appeal from (he judgment of half a century ago to that of our own day ; while those who are not sorry to avail them selves of an opportunity for criticising the restorer of the Empire, will not fail to protest against the inferential assumptions of its concluding paragraph, and to ask whether, in point of fact, and notwithstanding the generous desires expressed by the captive of St. Helena, it can be said that passions were appeased, and a legitimate satisfaction given to the populations of Europe, by the Conqueror of Marengo ? From the indiscretion of printers it has leaked out that the forthcoming first volume of the Imperial work is devoted to the history of Borne previous to the foundation, of the Empire; that it consisls, besides the preiace, of 361 pages, divided into six books ; 1st, the Roman epoch anterior to Bomulus ; 2nd, Borne under her kings ; 3rd, establishment of the Consular Republic ; 4th, Conquest of Italy ; 5th, the Punic, Macedonian, ana Asiatic wars ; 6th, the Gracchi, Morius, and Sylla. The work is being translated into English, Spanish, Geiman, Italian, Russian, Greek, and Turkish. All the profits resulting from its publication in France, and the purchase of the right of translation, will be given to the poor. The great questions pending in Europe have made but slight advance during the past week. Prussia is still ingeniously throwing difficulties in the way of tho settle ment of the Duchies ; the schism between the Crown and the Parliament becomes wider doily, and tho Government is professing its hopelessness of arriving et the conciliation it professes to desire, but which it will not yield an inch of ils unconstitutional pretensions to render possible, and its determination, if the present Parliament prove intractable, to govern without a Budget, in other words to dispense with the trifling auxiliary of a Chamber! Austria is still opposing counter propositions to the transparently selfish propositions put forth by her rival ; is coquetting with the secondary States ; ond has consented to the appoint ment of a permanent commission of three, to meet a similar band of three to be appointed by England, the united wisdom of the six commiGsioners being charged with the elaboration of a commercial treaty between (he dominions of the Kaiser and those of Queen Victoria. King Victor, whose worm affection for his native city could not foil to second tho effect of the addresses of regret and loyalty Bent to him by the Turinese, is spending a week in the ex-capital. His reception was enthusiastic, and his stay is a succession of ovations. On his appearing un expectedly, the other evening, at ihe principal theatre, the audience received him with a tempest of loyal demonstration that almost threatened to preclude the regular business of the stage ; and though the ' coalition of blacks and the reds ' is making a fresh attempt to revive painful and irri tating diicustions by getting up a demand, on the part of the Senate, for an inquiry into tie events of September last, it is probable that this unpatriotic attempt will be defeated by the moderation of the Upper House, as it has been by that of tbe Lower one. The King leaves for Milan on the 1st of Match, and after giving a carnival ball will return to Florence, whither the various deportments of the Government will be transferred as quickly as may be possible. The Court of Cassation is to be removed from Milan to Turin, the Milanese deputies voting for this change in acknowledgment of the generosity of Turin in voting the honour of making Milan. Turin is, moreover, rejoicing in the presence of a troupe of twenty hunchbacks, of both sexes, who are now performing at the Theatre d'Augeunee, and treating the Turinese to the most rantingtTagedjes, whose effect is said to be excessively try ing to the intercostal muscles of their audience, being more provocative of laughter than the broadest farces. The Tuscans are still pushing on their campaign against capital punishment* which is repugnant to the humane and orderly character of their brancB of the Italian family, and which they are very unwilling to Bee re-established. Signor EUoro, Professor of Penal Law at the faculty of Bologaa, has just drawn up a table of the States which hwe abolished the penalty of death:— In 1828, the Grand Duchy of Fin land. 1,724,193 inhabitants ; 1830, Louisiana, 709,290 : 1831, Tahiti, 7000 ; 1846, Michigan, 3971651; 1819, Daohy of Nassau, 156,567; 1819, Gnud Duchy of Oldenburg, 295,242; 16i9, Duchy of Brunswick, 284,389; 18t». Duchy of Coburg, 47,014; 18S2, Rhode Island, 147 621 : 1859, San Marino, 8000; 1860, Roumanja, 4,000 000 ? 1862, Grand Duchy of Weimar, 273,252; 1862, Grand Duchy of Saxe- Meuungen, 130,000; 1863, Canon of Nouf chatcl, 87,369; 186i, Columbia, 2,800,000. The general 'row' created by the famous Encyclical has nearly uied a-way. In Italy, the Government has per mitted the publication of the document, on the ground, says (he Ministerial permission, that the people of Italy an too far advanced on the path of progress to hear without a finite tho antiquated nonsense it contains, and will conso ?ueutly attach no sort of importance to its promulgation, he other Catholic countries have followed the example of France, permitting the clerical publication of parts of the late document and prohibiting others. Ia Paris, the Nuncio has apologised to the Emperor for his tw» letters of praise addressed to the recalcitrant Bishops, just ns the Pope had written to. tbe hitter to praisa and thank them for their heroic devotedness and piety in violating the laws of their country, and trampling on the duties imposed on them bv the Concordat. Toe Archbishop of Paris has come out with on address in which he tells the faithful that when the Pope speaks they must accept as absolute truth every word he says, and that consequently they arc not to discuss the Encyclical, but simply to obey it ; 'and then, after having laid down these broad proposi tions ef unreasoning obedience,' he slides off, in the smooth est aad easiest way, into assurances, equally sweeping, that all tiuth is harmonious and convergent — that it is the duty of all gcod citizens to obey the laws of their country, and that if they hare possibly fancied that the Papal proposi tions militated ogaiust the common law of France andthto spirit of progress in Europe, they may be- quite sure that tbey have mistaken the Pope's meaning, inasmuch as his Holiness, being the repository of wisdom and of the Holy Ghost, could sot possibly have intended to place religious truth in opposition to the facts of progress and the principles which form tho basis ot modern society. From all of which ' his grandeur ' deduces the very convenient, though not very logical con clusion, that his flock is bound to leceive the Encyclical with absolute submission, as ' a rule of faith,' but in no wise to trouble their heads as to its application to civil affairs. Considering that the Jamous utterance proclaims as ' damnable' the heresies of civil marriage, lay education, exclusion of priests from 'civil tribunals, civil responsibility of ecclesiastics, toleration of schismatic, Mahommedan, or Jewish worship, liberty of conscience, and, in fact, all the gains which tlie world has made since the Dark Ages, the reasoning of Monseigneur Durboy, must be admitted to be ns bold «b it is ingenious. Before quitting the subject of the fuiuous Encyclical, let me add the latest rumour that has reached us in relation to it, viz., that Liszt, who has been spending the winter in Rome, has become an ardent Catholic, and wants te become a Trappist, has just set tha whole of that tremendous document to music ! General La Marmora has spent two days in Rome, shel tered by a transparent incognito understood by everybody. His passport gave his two first names, omitting La Mar uioro, and was vise by Roman officials perfectly aware of hiB identity. The motive of his presence in Rome is not positively known ; but as he was constantly closetled wiUi the French commander, General Count de Montebello, it is surmised that the subject of their conferences oeuld hardly ~be other than the evacuation of Rome by the French forces. 'His Excellency was treated with marked re spect by all with whom he came in contact, and he left for Naples in company with his friend Prince. Doria, without any molestation from the Roman Govern ment. The Pope has sent an autograph letter to Maxi iiiilian, entreating him not to meddle with the ecclesiastical domains, not to tolerate anv other form of religious belief or worship than the Roman Catholic, to forbid civil mar riage, to give the education of youth entirely to the clergy, and to protect the monasteries and the religious orders. If the new Emperor only grants tiiese points, the Pops promises his blessing to the Emperor and the empire, and predicts every species of happiness and prosperity for both. We shall see whether the liberal Sovereign of the new transatlantic monarchy will be inclined to accede to theso very modest little demands! Meantime, Maximilian, though excessively busy with reformatory, commercial, and financial projects, has found time to institute a new order — that of the Mexican Eagle, which is composed of six classes— knight, officer, commander, grand officer, grand cross, and grand cross with, collar. Tha number of knigh(s is unlimited, that of officers is fixed nt 280, commanders at 100 ; grand officers, 60 ; grand crosses, 25 ; and grand cross with collar, 12. The first of the hitter have been sent to ihe Emperor Napoleon, the second to Victor Emmanuel. The others are to be sent to the Emperors cf Austria and Russia, and one or two kings and kinglets for whom the new sovereign had a personal kindness. The Queen of Spain has presented to the nation property worth about four millions sterling. The bUL drawn up by the General Administration of the Royal household and patrimony of the Crown, reserves the royal palaces and their dependencies, Hie nuseum ef painting and sculpture, (be royal museum of arms, the Alhambra of Granada, tbe Alcazar of Seville as the perpetual patrimony of the Crows, but gives up all the other Crown lands and property of every kind to the State for immediate sale. Ot the proceeds of the sale, 75 per cent, are to be paid into the public treasury, and 2b per cent, into the treasury of the royal household. The -Queen's resolve has beau dictated by her CHimniE riaKirn tn cntno .- ».M »f tha pntilin trea sury, so grievously embarrassed, and for the relief of which. Signor Uarzanallano's project of a forced loan has fallen, through, owing to the strenuous resistance which the whole nation seems to have opposed to the measure. Tlie Spaniards have been thrown into an extasy of gratitude by the Queen's spontaneous sacrifice, and addresses of loyalty and devotion, are pouring in upon her Majesty from all the towns of the kingdom. Her example may possibly prove contagious, and may result in the voluntary offering of large sums by the patriotism of her people. The Governor of Barcelona, smitten by a generous emulation, has just con tributed one-fourth of his year's salary to the wonts of the Exchequer, and others were said to be preparing to emulate his example. It seems we have all been. in. enor in supposing China to be the most densely populated portion ef the planet's sur face. While England has 91 inhabitants to thcequan. kilometre (five-eighths of a mile), Italy 85, France 69, Prussia 66, Austria 51, China 120. Little Belgium has 161 ! In 1830, the thriving little kingdom had but 118 ; at the same rate of increase she will soon have five inhabitants where there were formerly but three. King Leopold has been laid up with influenza, which kept him. away from the last of tho four brilliant Court balls which the Duchess of Brabant, in the absence of her amiable but consumptive husband, has been giving- with «uch eclat io the grandees of the little northern Paris. The Belgian finances appear to be in a veiy nourishing state. The magnificent palace of tlie reigning Duke tif- Brans* wick has been destroyed by fire, with, alas, a great quantity of valuable pictures, manuscripts, and works of art. It is decided that the International Exhibition of 1867 shall be held in (be vast open square of the Champ de Mars, which will be almost covered by the magnificent structure to be built for its reception. The Government and the city of Paris will, between them, guarantee a million sterling- for -the duo installation of the affair and for the prizes. Three Englishmen, Lords Granville and Cowley esA Mr. Cobden, are included in tbe list of Imperial Commissioners, and ore to be requested to give the aid of their judgment and ex perience m the management of tbe affair, which, under tho presidence of Prince Napoleon, is expected to ' take the shine out of' everything that has yet been Been in the shape of euch a gathering. STELLA. Education of Di6sekters nt Cbv&ch; Schools. — Au interesting discussion on the educational 'con- science clause' took place at a meeting of the Wor cester Archdeaconal Board, on the 17th January, Sir John Pakington moved a resolution to the effect that the grants of the board should be made to the church, schools of the archdeaconry, without considering the point -whether tbe conscience clause -was or was not acted upon. In some poor localities, he said, only one national school existed, and the adoption of the course he recommended would be merely an act of justice to Dissenters. The doctrines of the Church of England were, and would continue to be, taught in all their schools ; and all he proposed was that the chil dren of Dissenters should he allowed to enter the schools under the protection of the conscience clause. In the discussion which followed, the motion was sup- ' ported by tlie Bishop snu opposed, hy Xiord LytteVton and Lord Rcdesdalc. It was ultimately rejected by a vote of 49 against 16. The Jbwish Divorce Law not Binding in Eno lakd. — The case of Davis v. Harris was heard in the Sheriffs Court, London, on the 17th of January. This was an action to recover a sum of money for the keep of defendant's wife. It appeared from the evi dence that the defendant had been separated from his wife, and' he had been sued in this Court upon a pre vious occasion, a verdict having passed against him. The defendant now said that in consequence of the misconduct of his wife he had been bankrupt in 1861. — His Honor : You have not pleaded your bank ruptcy ; and, besides, a bankrupt is bound to keep bis vile. Defendant : I have been divorced from my wife. — His Honor : What is the date of that divorce i Defendant : It is a divorce according to the Jewish, law. — His Honor : That will not do in this country. — Defendant : My wife is now under bail for attempting my life. Here is the agreement under which my wife and I have been divorced,— Upon his Honor reading the agreement he pronounced it worthless, and ad vised the defendant not to go to the expense of get ting it stamped, as it would not act against a trades man, who supplied necessaries to hie wife. Verdict for the plaintiff, with costs. Incident a.t a. Suuqica.l OrEnATios. — The other day, at the Middlesex Hospital, in the presence of a, numerous staff of surgeons, an opening was made in. the throat of a milkman named Fairbrother, by Mr. Hulke, the house surgeon, for the purpose of extract ing a sixpence which had lodged in the throat. Just as the operator's fingers were on the coin, Fairbrother made a sudden gulp, which caused it to slip into the stomach. The man is now doing well, and is out of danger. The Royal Geographical Society has voted £100 to M-ards'the £200 required by Sir Henry James foi tha BCtUeineut of the level of. t%e Dead Sea. 