TESTIMONIAL TO THE REV. Gr. B. RICHARDS. Several - members- of tlie Wesleyan Church, and congregation assembled last " night in the schoolroom, for the purpose : of presenting the Rev. G. B. Richards, Superintendent of the Circuit, with a ; testimonial of their respect and affection 1 on his leaving the- district. The pro : ceedings were commenced by ' a tea,' sub ; stantially and nicely laid, after which those present entered on the real busi ness of the meeting. The Presentation was- precede! by a hymn and; prayer from the Re -. Mr Richards Mr A. RUXLEDCrE said it had been entrusted to him to present the Rev. Mi Richards with the small token of esteem and the address which they had met to offer him'that night, and which left him no necessity to say anything on his own part. He then read the address and the little memorial explaining the nature and object of the testimonial' • To the Rev. Gr. B. Richards. Reverend Sir,—With heartfelt feel ings of gratitude to the Almighty Disposer of events in this world, have we watched the progress of your - ministration since your appointment to - the- Beechworth Circuit. ■' : . You " came amongst us—a stranger personally—to preside over a- wfdety scattered district, at' an extremely critical period. On your arrival, the Beechworth' Church was heavily in debt, and', ap parently, almost hopelessly so. " Not daunted by the difficulties that presented themselves t» you, you, trusting in the Promises of the Lord, which, as you have so forcibly and effectually made known to your Congregation, can never fail those,, who, by prayer, earnestly, and in a true spirit, seek for their realization, girded up your loins, and by the most strenuous efforts, assisted by power vouchsafed to you in answer to your j supplications to the Throne of Grace, _ succeeded in placing the' Church in Beechworth in the position that it should, and now does, occupy. In carrying out the arduous duties connected ' with your ministration, we rejoice to bear testimony to the value of the aid rendered to you, and the kind ness and Christian charity displayed towards all by the partner of your joys and troubles, that the Lord in his good ness has given you for a helpmate in the work he has seen fit in his wisdom to appoint you to perform in His service. We rejoice, further, that the Divine | Ruler of the universe, whose ways are inscrutable to mankind, saw fit to make ; choice of you. to minister to the spiritual wants of the Wesleyan Church members and others.in this district, and it is with a feeling of great regret, though in ac cordance with the regulations of the. Wesleyan denomination, that we contem plate the fact; that the time must shortly arrive' when you will be removed from our midst. . ' Cast thy bread upon the waters, for thou shalt find it. after many days and. sure are-.we that the spiritual bread; which, the Lord has1 graciously enabled you to, cast upon the waters in this district will bear, good fruit in time to come as it has already done, as evidenced by the spread of Methodism within its boundaries sihcer .yo.u took.charge of;it. 7 '... 7".. : . • We, particularly thank yoii for the gr?at care and attention which you hav$: devoted to our Sabbath Schools, in which you have followed the. precept of our Re deemer—' Suffer little children, to- come unto me.'. ■ j To'mark our appreciation of the bene fits we have derived from your ministry.?,-; and the kindly conduct of Mrs. Richards, we, ia^aU;'Qhnsfcia,a.- feeling, beg you to accept' the" accompanying present from us, small in intrinsic value, and smaller; still as representing the high esteem in which we hold you . as our pastor and friend. . . , That the Lord, whose servant'you are. may, in His goodness, bless and prosper, you and yours, and -long spare you to labour in -His vineyard and to gather in a plenteous" harvest rto His honour and glory, is the prayer of your 'mimerous and attached friends in this part of-the Colony of Victoria. Signed on behalf of the contributors, ADAM RUTLEDG-E, RICHARD WARREN, HENRY CLEMENGER.. The following is-- the1 memorial, which was printed on satin, in gold letters,; and fittingly framed :— .. • PEE SEN TED" ', ;i; TO THE " REV. GEORGE B. RICHARD-S, Superintendent of the Beeclnvorta: Wesleyan Circuit, . | r (Toietlicr with a Small Testimonial From a number of the . TvraArR-RKS AND CONGREGATION" OF THAT CHURCH,. " A ; . As a recognition of his zeal, a d1 valuable ' service* asr a " • . CHRISTI.VN: MINISTER, \ And as an appreciative to^.en' of regain! for him as a private friend, •' AFTER' HIS FULL- TERM "OF "THREE'YEARS I » MINISTRATION IN- THE OVENS DISTRICT. Tlw form rn wM«h his friends thought (be testimonial would be in >3c suitable and acceptable'from thi-t par: of Atutra'in is t'iat it 1 AX EJIU'S EGG, APPROPRIATELY MOUNTED (By Lowil \\.rtisti): IN SILVER. I Beeehwor'TV March 29th, 186S-.. ! The testimonial' consisted entirely cf material dbtaiuedia the district, and was composed of an emu's egg handsomely ■ mounted, on a silver fern tree and' sur I rounded, both on the cup and base, by pebbles and precious stones native to the Ovens. The whole thing-was executed to the order of Mr Turner, jeweller,, of Camp-street. ! The Rev. Mr EICHA.KDS' then said be- scarcely knew how to reply to sush a manifestation. He wa? not guilty of affectation ins saying that it . was un expected and undesired on his part ; and it wa* only within the last fewdays he heard that sach an intention existed. Whilst such a mark of esteem and arrestion must be highly valuable under any circumstances, it was doubly so under the present. During- the three years he had sp9nt" amongst them, his ■work had been work to which, generally spe iking, he "was "unaccustomed, and j perhaps for which he was uiiSt. To a great extent his labors passed out of- the fp' itual and been made up- of temporal affairs. That labor to him personally , -was ungrateful and undesirable; but God had assigned that task and had enabled him to; fulfil the. arduous duties He had conferred' on hi'm. Tills he ap plied alone to the temporal interests of the Church, although he would not spare himself when either the spiritual or ; temporal, interests of the Church de-. -■ pendsd on his aid. In giving so much ■ attention to the temporal affairs- of the i.Church, he fel'i he had been taken from ; Ms higher and more Christian labors. ' Many of them he' was sure in their hours | of' bereavement or .trial had not received 1 that attention and care they might 1 reasonably have expected. He had to {thank them therefore particularly for ; the consideration - with .which they had1 | regarded, his peculiar, position and his i Tack of services. He was sure that his I feelings towards, them were such ; so warm and so affectionate as could not be , expressed in : words. In. going from ! amongst them, he left,behind ham men whose prayers would follow him and continue to encourage and uphold them ; and-.he npiight5 g&yr.hqth;'..for --himself and his wife*: th^r-whsl^ mingling,..ii^, new iscenes .and gaziiigr pn new.; ;facesA-.they would remexti§$£ «|he many hours ojf happiness they ,-vBad|..-;fiEg:oj:ed Lin this district.. He pr$y§d that God would bless them; and'.asrtee impetiiments.had' been in a great measure removed under which he had labored, he trusted that j with their help his successor,, the R,ev. j Mr Inglis, wergild be at once able to enter I I without hindrance upon his ministry I He hoped that in: remembrance of the I kindness they had always shown to them I that their successors, both Mr Inglis and | his wife, would be received with the same | warmth and the same helping hand, j They would' find in-..him a Christian1 | gentleman, and in his lady an amiable and Christian lady. They must re member that'his hand's must beheld; up by their affectionate and earnest recep I tion, so that he might enter upon his work as If he-had come among • friends, not strangers. By God's grace nothing should be wanting on- their part for the spiritual welfare of the district. He would be happy to hear that when his successors in ti e r turn.were' established here there wo aid be nQ necessity for appeals for pecuniary aid, but that all such aid should come willingly, and not be the product of importunity. Let .them all give themselves to prayer, lift I ing their hearts to God to helpthem and to the Holy Ghost. to .encourage them under their wants and difficulties. Let them pray . that. they might be enabled to uphold the interests of the Church, both spiritual and .. temporal. They must not mistake -; him'or think that he spoke of a sectarian Church. He spoke for the broad interests of ihe. Church df Christ..; ;They would, all soon appear :.be>core that tribunal' where, they, must render a solemn account of iheir acts, ; and he earnest'v - prayed, that. .at . that v dread moment thyy. would not b3 found -wanting in the- bulance. i iHe -hoped God would heap his richest bless:rrg of grape unoh/ th^ir- heads, '• that.-Ji^ wo ild,knit. ■ each to;each;"and that no^ element of dis 1 sension might be • permittedi .to intr ide amongst them-. If such feelings existed' : as to induce , sbm-o -of them to hold' theni selves aloof, let such sentiments be dis carded, and; let' them -have but: one ; ardent heartfelt desire to serve God- with .unanimity.a-id brotherly • love,'7 ;He. truste l that his heart would often; be gladdened by hearing from time to: time ;of tlift spiritual prosperity of the -faithf.il ; oh this Circuit with which his, interests and his -affections had been so .lortg j ..united: r He hardly felt ~at. -liberty; to i ; address them more particularly on that | .occasion, but they would find that -Inse. who hung • true life and power of -Godliness-; ssiae- j times- * with an earnest> desire perhaps to " walk : ;an; the - proper path but; without ■ that' 'free and happy service of heart which Christ demanded. He trusted they-wotild all come together with that spontaneous devotion, so that they might know the height and dep-lir and breadth of the love of Christ. He hoped tliey would not have any speechify ing, but rather spend a short time in prayeiv The: Rev. Mr RICHARDS then said they must not measure his gratitude by -what he had said. He ought to have 'spoken of his own feelings as to the present, which was entirely a local pro duction, and which was elegant, chaste, ;and beautiful, and-.truly suitable to Ih-at : occasion. Wherever he went, in or out of the country, it would be borne with him, and would always excite him to fresh efforts in the- same cause. Another matter in the address to which he must more particularly refer was the kind allusion to 1 is dear wife. He did hot think they fluttered her. For twelve years or so she had been the sunshine of his life. He could preach better when she was present. He could minister better when he thought of her kind smile awaiting and encouraging him, "When his heart was inclined to droop she lifted him' up by her Christian courage and counsel- He-did not think it was bad ' taste in saying scr much to them, for although they did not know ner as well as he did, it gladdened him to' see that :thev had in some clegrea discovered and appreciated her virtue's. He had not prepared any speech. and' he was- ■ almost frightened to see gentlemen there with their pencils and paper, but on them, as on them all,, he begged God's blessing'. God grant ! that they might prosper, that they might ; have all good things that were good for I them, and that, when the end came, they i woul.l' be found worthy of the crowning j reward of the faxfchtuL ' On the motion of Mr COA"DEr seconded by Mr COWAN, a vote of thanks was rnanimously given to the ladies for the handsome tea, which they had so liberally provided. The proposer s'iudjd to the trouble the ladies had taken, not rrerely in getting up the sumptuous re; ast, of' which they had j*ist partaken, bat in canvassing for subscriptions tr wards the testimonial. The meeting, afcer offering up prayer, separated.. 