THE TRIAL AND . CONFESSION OF DR», ' ' PRITCHARD.' ' At tah o'clock on Monday morning, July 3rd, tho. trial of, Ur. Pritchard, on tho charge of murdoring his wife and mother-in-law in, Glasgow, commenced in tho. High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, boforo thor-. Lord Justice Olork, Lord Ardmillnn, and Lord'Jervis wooilc. _ Tho court-room was crowded, and many wens disappointed in obtaining admission. ; Tho indictment ' ohargod tho prisoner with administering tartarisod anti- , mony, acónito, and opium, to his mother-in-law, Jano " Cowper: Taylor, in tapioca and in porter or boor,' . v and in . n . medioine called " Bsttley's ' seda- ?, tivo solution, between tho 10th and 25th of February/ 1805 ; and it al30 charged him with administering on repcatod occasions in February and March, 1865, tnr- ' tunned antimony and acónito to his wifo Mary Jane Tay- lor Pritchard, in articles of food and medioino. . Tho prisoner entered tho dook at IO o'clock osaotlr, dressed in deep mourning. Ho was calm and self- ' possessed, and looked cooly round tho court when ho lind talton his scat. Ho is a stout well-built mon, prepossessing in appearance, and with sharply-doflnotl features. He wears his hair long, and has a largo bushy board, but no mousUohe. Tho prisoner's bro- ' ther,*OharloB Augustus Pritchard, Bcorotary to tho naval ' commander-in-chief, Plymouth, by permission of tho . Court took his sont besido .him in tho dock, and ra-<. mainod with him all day. Tho ' prosecution was con- ducted,' in tho absence of tho Lord Advócalo in London, by tho> Solicitor-General, assisted by Mr. Gifford and' Mr.: Crichton, advocate's deputy ; tho dofonco was con- ducted by Mr. A. K. Clarko, Mr William Watson, and Mr.'David Drand, advocates. Tho prisoner's oounsol . ' moved tho Court to separato tho two ohorges of .murder, on tho ground that it embarrassed the j dofonco to try tho two .crimes - togothor. Tho Court unanimously refused to grant tho request. Tho prisoner was Ihon called on to pload to tho indict- . ment, and ina oloar distinct voico ho ploadcd "Not.' guilty," and a jury having boon ompánollod, thc ovi donco for tho prosecution commenced about half-past ll o'clock. Tho remaindor of tho day was occupied by. tho examination of fivo witnesses, three of whom woro morely formal, and occupied only a fow minutes. Tho two important witnesses woro Cathorino Latuncr anil Mary M'Lood. . , Tho jury retired to consider their vordiet about twonty minutes past ono o'olook, and roturnod in about nn hour with a unanimous vordiot of "Guilty!' on both ohaigcB. The Lord Justice Clerk thon sentenced tho prisoner to bo exooutod at Glasgow on tho 28th of July, and in passing contoneo said that tho vordiet of tho jury pro- ceeded upon ovidonco which could loavo no rcasonablo - doubt on tho minds of thoso by whom it was considered. Tho prisoner, who had maintaiuod great composure throughout tho fivo days of tho trial, scorned groatly - affcotod whon tho verdict was pronounced, and leant slightly on tho policoman sitting bosido him, but while tho sentenco was boina- recorded ho completely regainod his composure, and after sen tonco was passed upon him ho bowed to tho Judge, and also to tho jury, boforo leaving tho dock. After Dr. Pritchard's conviction ho was romovod from tho bar of tho Justiciary Court to tho coll below, whore ho partook of loa, Immodiatoly on roaching tho coll where tho rofrcBbmonts woro sot, ho said to ono c£ tho policemen who had ohargo of him-" I'm innocent of this charge." This was tho only remark ho made. On going to toko his placo in tho van ho covered hts face with his hat to provont tho largo crowd through which ho had to pass gazing upon him. On tho en- suing night, July 7th, tho prisoner was very rootless, Uko a person in a fovor. Ho only slept about an hour. Thoro wcro thrco warders with him all night who , ongagod in religions oxorcises, tho prisoner joining'wil- lingly with thom. Ho frequently asserted his innooonoo to thoso around him,, and said ho had boon conyiotod by mistake. It appears ho was so confident that tho vor- diet would bo in his favour that on tho Glh hç stated to thoso around him that ho would immediately go south, . and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi. OnSaturtl y , morning, July 8, Dr. Pritchard was romovod from tho Carlton Gaol Edinburgh to Glasgow, under tho cliargo of a criminal officer anti thrco assistants. Tho prisoner was attired in tho black dress suit which ho had on during tho trial. Boforo loaving tho gaol ho was solinoltlctl to tho officers, and ho remained fastonod in this way throughout tho journoy. Ho nppoarod quit-} composed and looked about him with thu utmost coolness. His departure was witnessed by ' a largo number of parsons who had nsscmbled on tho platform. The following oxtraols aro from Dr. Pritchard's diary:-" 17th Fobruary, 1805. Diod horo at 1 o.m., Mary Jano, my own beloved wifo, aged 88 years ; no torment surrounded her bodoldo, ' but« liko a calm, poaccf ul lamb of God passed Minnie .Cooflcxttiw) on noam MOBJ'.'..' '" ' - - rjoosrnrnBo" FBOK wxviti vins.] " «way, Hay God and Jesus; Holy Ghost, ono inj welcomo Minnie. Prayer on pr*yor Ölt miiio bo -everlasting love. Save us, Lord, for thy door Son.' CONFESSION- OF DB. FBITCHARD. .fTiie convict shortly af tor made a written confc .of the_ murder of his wife. Tho prisoner confi -hisguilt to Mr. Oldham, Kniscopaliau clorgyraau, private manner, but Mr. Oldham, requested that '. chard should write tho confession, and he did so. confession states that Mary M'Lood, the sorvant -was aware that ho was poisoning his wife, and thi thc evoning of his wife's death, when ho administc dose of chloroform, M'Lood was present. Prisoner f. as a motivo for poisoning his wife, his improper intir. with M'Lood. and denies that he poisoned his mo in-law, Mrs. Taylor-who, ho" says, died from an i doso of Battley'a solution. He confessed to ha drugged the solution found in her pocket after dc 'but donica that it was poisoned before she expired, is said that whonhis brother, sister, and daughter present with him tho day provious to his oonfes tho latter had kneeled in the cell, and prayed him, : -liad poisoned her mamma, to confess ; and it is all that ho then acknowledged his guilt. The folk» is a copy of tho confession : I, Edward William Pritchard, M.U., M.R.O.S and L.A.S, &c.;, hereby mako ia writing, in the sance of the Kev. It, S. Oldham, M A., the follov .confession, for transmission by him to the pr authorities:-"It was when my wife was at Ar tinny, in the summer of 1863, that I first bec intimate with tho girl Mary M'Lood. sleeping with in my house at 22, Boyal-cro3cent. This continue -intervals up to tho timo of our removal to Sauchiohnll-stroot She bocame pregnant in 1 last [year], and with ber own consent I produced a : carriage. I have reason to believe that Mrs. Pritol '-waa quite awaro of this, and rather sought to cover \- wickedness and folly. My mother-in-law, Mrs. Tty \- came last February to. our houso, and caught Al : M'Lood and myself in tho consulting-room ; and day boforo her death, having apparently watohod \- she said to mo, in the samo room, ' You havo locked into tho cupboard, whioh waj true ¡ but nothing n .jiassod. I declaro Mrs. Taylor to have diod in taannor I have stated ; and I now bol ¡eve her death havo been oausod by au overdose of Battley's solut of opium. Tho aoonite found in that bottle was pu by. mo after her death, and designedly loft there order to provo death by misadventure in case any inqt should talco place. Mrs. Pritchard was much bol immediately after her mother's death, but subsorjuor. bocame exhausted from want of sloop. I accounted this by tho Bhock produced by her mother's death; i hardly knowing how to act, at her own earnest requ I gavo her chloroform. It was about midnight, Mi M'Leed was in tho room, and in an ovil moment (bo besides somewhat oxcited by whisky), I yielded to "temptation to givo her sufficient to came death-wh I did. I therefore doolaro befaro God, asa dying m and in tho presence of my spiritual adviser, that I ; innocent of tho crime of murder, so far as Mrs. Tay is concerned, but acknowledge myself guilty of ' adultery with Mary M'Lood and tho murder of i .wifo. I feol now as though I had beon living ii species of madness since ray connection with Mi M'Lood ; and I declare my solemn repentance of i crime, earnestly praying that I may obtain Divine f f' veness boforo I suttor tho penalty of tho law, Sward .William iPritohard." Witnossos: John Stirling, trovornor ; B. S. Oldh'a and John Mutrio., North Prison, Glasgow, July '? 1305. . J (After, .tho publication of tho aboro" confemit tho convict was visited by Dr. Norm ?Maoleoil, ' tho '? Rov. . Dr. Miller, tho Bi Mr. Reid, Episcopalian olergymnn, ' and tho prie chaplain. It is Said that after tho prisonor had't marked to ono of .his spiritual advisers that his oonft sion was tr.uo, ho was told that not a word of it w boliovod out of doors, and that ho-tho ministerhimsi r-was of the samo opinion. ,Tho prisoner, it is allego then lay back, and looking " calmly towards ' tho ceilii of his cell, oxprcised . himself to tho offc that ho .had. often . wondered why Ohrh "whîlo on earth had experionced such difficulty dealing\vi,th unbelievers;,but that after tho miniate: romarlc ho was not now aurprisod. On another occasii it is said that tho convict began railiug at his trial, ai finding fault with tho judge and his loading coimsi who, ho said, ho believed was, in leaguo with tho Ccov authorities.' On being romindod that a person in li position should not givo vont to suok expressions,] , JMuolo^n^ni^ nBCOnd 11 Some days afterwards, however, whether influonci by what, his spiritual nd visor,had told him rcspoctii tho universal disboliof in his statement, or aotuntod 1 bis own' feelings, tho convict made another confossio withdrawing tho former ono. Hore it is in full : - " Confession by Edward- "William Pritchard, ac inado in tho prosonco of an All-seeing God, and of tl .Hov. T. Watson Reid, my present spiritual adviser, o .tho 10 th day of July, 1805, at Glasgow prison, for con \- muniontion to tho proper authorities. I, Edward Wi liam Pritchard, in tho full possession of all my sense and understanding tho awful position in whioh I at plnoed, do moke freo and opon confession that tho soi -tonco pronounced upon mo is just; that I am guilty c -tito death of my mother-in-law, Mrs. Taylor, and c \- my wife, Mary Jana Pritchard ; that I can assign n motive for tho conduct which actuated m beyond a spooios of torriblo madness and th uso of ardent spirits. I .hereby frooly and full state that tho confession made to tho Rev. R. S. Old liam on tho 11th day of this month was not truo, an 1 hortby confosa that I alone, not Mary M'Looc poisoned my wifo in tho way brought out in evidenc at my trial; -that Mrs. Taylor's (loath was causei according to tho wording of tho indiotmont I furtho stato to bo truo ; and tho main foots brought out on nv trial I horoby fully aoknowlodgo, aud now pload whollj and solely guilty thereto, and may God havo morey oi my soul I I pray earnestly foi repentance not to lu repented of and for forgivonoss from Almighty God through tho intercession of our blessed Rcdcomer .Mediator, and Advocato, Jesus Christ tho Lord ant Saviour. Follow croaturcs, pray for mo, and lot m< add I am in oharity with all mon. I havo now tc record my humblo thanks to all who havo taken part ir any way for my interest First to their lordships,' thc judgos, for their groat pationce, forbearance, and careful consideration of my case, and to tho gontlomon of the jury; to all tho officials ; I cannot holp mentioning thc clerk of tho High Court of Justiciary, tho Govornoi ?<Mr. Smith) ot tho Edinburgh Gaol, tlio chaplain, Rov. Mc. Russell Hoad-Wardoc Nelson. Wardors John Lrviugstono and Mackintosh; .tho Govornor oi Glasgow Prison, Mr. Stirling ; . Mr. Armour, hoad wardor :, chaplain, Mr. Doran ; his assistants, Messrs. Hogg and Troup ; Wardors, Mutrio, Thomson, &c; ; to Drs. Leishman and Dawar, surgeons to Glasgow prison .{ and Dr. Simpson, of Edinburgh Gaol. To tho non- officials my hoartfelt thanks aro specially duo ; to tho Rov. Dr. Miller, of Free St Matthow's, Glasgow ; and to other ministers who havo written mo, no"! adding thoir names; to Dr. Norman Maoleod, may God bloss him ; and to my o wn immodtato faith pro- fessors, -Rev. R. S. Oldham and Rov. T. Watson Boid ; to tho polico authorities-superintendent - M'Oall and police at tho control office, Glasgow; to sergeant Stewart, of tho Edinburgh polico forco ; and tho shoriff's officers Wilson, of Glasgow, and Ferguson, of Edinburgh ; and to many others, whoso courtesy and ^kindness! cannot forget; obovo all to Sir'Archibald Alison, shoriff, ¿co., for his humano, gentío treatment whilo undergoing his legal duties. May each and nil oooopt tho thanks of a.dearly penitent sinner, and may Hoavon bo thoir rowan! is tho last prayer of Edward William Pritchard." Thoro is also connootod with Dr. Pritchard another caso on which perhaps ho may bo ablo to throw some light; Bomo throe or four yoars ago alómalo servant in bis employ, was found burnod to death,, in .his houso. She was found lying on her back on tho bod, with tho lowor part of her parson muoh burnod, and tho door ?waslocked, but tho'koy could not be discovered. At tho timo tho caso oxoitod gravo suspicion that abo did not como by her doath fairly, and it soomod almost in erodiblo. that, a woman who was burnt to death should bo foundTyïn'g on nor back. Sha naturally would havo endeavoured to save herself, and tho inforonco drawn from thc odd circumstances was that tho unfortunate young woman was already, dead-boforo tho hod took or was sot on Uro. In roforonoo to this ciroumstanoo, a G-'asgow journal observes: Somo foots have como to , our knowlodgo connootod with tho mysterious burning, of tho sorvant in his house in Borkoloy-torraoo, oaloulated to throw a dooper shado of suspicion ovor tho ooourronco than anything in tho account of lt contained in tho narrativos of the calamity. It is quito truo that the door of tho room whore tho sorvant waa sleeping waa locked, but it .waa not quito BO certain that it was locked from tho inside Tho kay was not in tho look, but waa found " by Dr. Pritchard in a room full of smoko, lying on tho bod where tho servant lay oharrod and lifoloss. No 'body saw tho key until it was in tho doctor's hand,' and' . how ho contd have so readily found it in so unlikely a place, amidst tho densa and almost suffocating smoke, ra nutrís 8 mystery that wo fear points only to one sclutio Onanotborroatter, viz., tba motive for tba double murd of which he has been found guilty- considerable light thrown by his relations with a wealthy heiress in Gla gow. The young lady in question had some £14,00 in her own right Pr. Pritchard was on visiting an generally pretty familiar terms with tho heiress, upc whom, simple and unsuspecting to a degree, no blare rests. Aware of hor resources, the doctor sought loan of some money. Before giving it, the young lad 'consulted a friend, who advised that the money shoul not be given. Tho advice was acted upon, and tl refusal broke up the correspondencia The hiatus i the intercourse thus created rendered it impossible fe tho prosecution to introduce this episode into the trial , but, had matters all gone right, it is easy to porooiv what light it would havo shod upon the one point i tho case on which no light fell in court, and no ligl has yot fallon in his confession. Pr. Patterson, of Glasgow, has addressed a lon letter to tho Glasgow Herald, in vindication of hi I oonduot in not having communicated to anybod 1 his suspicion that Mrs. Pritchard was bein poisoned : "Suppose," hesayB, "that I had boen suoh an ol vious fool aa to have acted in tho manner suggested b tho lcarnod counsol for tho prisoner, and also by tl: . Lord Justice Clerk, I would havo boen a rash and bol 1 man indeed, as sensibly observed by the Solicito Genoral. Had I denounced Pritchard to his face, < stated my suspicions to Mrs. Pritchard, or gone to tl criminal authorities and iuformod them of my susp cions. what, I should like to know, would have bee my position ? Pritchard could havo brought forwar no loss than three medical friends, all Edinburg graduates, viz., Professor Gairdnor, and Dr Cowan and Taylor, not ono of whom suspecte Mrs. Pritchard was being poisonod by antimony Would tho diagnosis of a Glasgow graduate havo bec beliovod for one moment when opposed by Such a galax of professional talent and oxporionco in consultation And this, too, nt a time whon tboro could be no post mortem examination norchomiaal analysis to boar m out in tho correctness of my opinion. Tho immédiat consequence would have boen most assuredly an actio: for heavy and ruinous dárnosos. It is ail very fine fo Mr. Clark to chaff mo with being afraid of my purs and afraid of my person (Heaven knows my purse i light enough f) whon ho well know that ho was pur posalyand designedly misleading tho public and th press hy subtly making it appear that it was Mrs. Prit shard's death certificate that I had refused to give, am at tho same time totally ignoring tho fact tba it was Mrs. Taylor's who diod thrao wooks boforo hoi daughter, and also wilfully ignoring tho fact ot nvj lotter to tho registrar, in which lotter I did all tho should havo been required for tho purpose of saving Mrs. Pritchards lifo had tho registrar dono his duty Even as it was, after Pritchards apprehension, but bo foro tho analysis was known, tho rotativas cbaraaterisoc mo as a villian, and vowed they would havo mo ban ¡shed ; and somo portion ovon of the Glasgow prese hold mo forth as a moral coward, a stabber in tho dark, and tho wholo matter .was regarded as a cruol piece oi malignant professional jealousy,*' In a postscript Pr. Patterson in fairness and in com' mon justice to himsolf, calls upon tho editors of al tUoso newspapers and publio journnls who- may have reported thu Pritohard case to givo his lotter full in sortion, so as to counteract tho falso and erroneous im pressions which havo been propagated through the!: modium, that he, as a medioal man, stuck so much or tho otiquctto of his profession that ho would do nothinp to savo tho lifo of'a human boiug whom ho suspooted of boing poisoned ; " and thus, I trust," ho concludes " I shall yot risc, likó tho pheonix,'out of my own ashoi from tho great conflagration which somo of tho public journals, I hope and truBt in total ignorance, have studiously endeavoured to hoap upon mo." * Tho convict keops calm and composed, spending thc whole day in roading thc fow books suppliod out of thc prison library, eating well and sleeping soundly. An application lins already boon receivod from a person ambitious of officiatingon the morning of tho execution. This rival to Calcrnft, although quito unknown on tho platform of tho British gallows, Btates that he quali- fied himsolf for tho task by a short but arduous appren- ticeship during tho mutiny in India, whoro ho mode his ii Mt essay amongst tho rebel sepoys. Tho authorities, it ie stated, havo ngrood to employ Cal- craft. . Tho following account of tho criminal will probably bo road with somo interest : Edward William Pritchard is tho son ot Mr. John White Pritchard, a captain in tho Boyal navy, and was UUI'U ill ut viuubuaua, ¿x.uiba. ¿xCtai ^uiiT^ uu.uug u tho usual preliminary education, ha was ap- prenticed in Soptembor, 1810, to Messrs. Edward John and Charles Uonry Scott, surgeons of considerable praotico in - Portsmouth. During his apprenticeship ho is stated to havo assiduously studied tho olomontory branches of IIÍB profession and conducted himsolf with groat propriety. On tho com- pletion of his apprenticeship, ho carno to London, and entered on his hospital studies at King's College, in Octobor, 1813 \ these, also, ho prosecuted with groat zeal, and bis friends being dosirous that ho should enter tho naval sorvico of his country, ho memorialised the authorities at tho Collego of Surgeons to 1K> nllowod to offer himsolf for examination at an oariior period than was at that limo allowed; his application having boon granted ho appeared boforo tho Court of Examiners on tho 20tli of May, 18-10, and, ofter tho usual examina- tion, was admitted a mombor of tho collego. Ho thon underwoht an examination boforo thc Navy board, and was .duly gazetted an assistant.surgoon in her .Majesty's. navy, and has sovoral rolntivos in tho combatant brandi of that service. Thoso who know what tho position of tho medical officer in tho royal navy was at that timo, and which is not much improved at the prosont timo, will not bo surprised that a highly oducnted and accomplished surgeon should endeavour to omancipato himsolf from such thraldom. Ho thoroforo embraced tho first opportunity, and resigned all connec- tion with tho royal navy, and dotorminod on Booking private practico. Finding it was necossary to possess a doublo qualification, ho presented himsolf before the Socioty of Apothecaries, and having passed tho exami- nation was admitted a licentiate of tho hall. Ho had previously obtained (it is boliaved by purchaso) tho "M.D" of Erlangon. Ho then procooded to Glasgow, whoro ho practise! with great . suocoss, until his apprehension for a crimo, second only in atrocity to that of tho notorious William Palmer... Whilo waiting foe praotico ho sought amusement and profit in tho uso of his-pen, and became a laborious contributor to tho advancement of gonoral and modical bcionoo ; many of his papers are distributed through tho pagos of tho Modical Timos, and Gazotto, and tho Lancet, tho Transactions of tho Phar- maceutical, Obstetrical, and King's Collogo Modical Sociotios. Ho was tho author of n"Yisitto Pitcairn Island.", "Observations on Kley as a Watering Placo," "Tho Guido to Piloy and its Antiquities, ' "Coast Lodgings for tho Poor pf Cities,'' &o.; Pr. Pritohard was a follow and member of nearly. twenty learnod sociotios and institutions in tho United King- dom, nnd medical officer to sovoral lifo assurance offices. In personal appoaranco tho convict is a 'tall, slightly built man, about 5 feet 10 inchesor ll inohes in height, with sharp pointed features, aquilino nose, and does not appear older than tho ago stated-viz., forty-ono years. . , . 