LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF A WESLEYAN CHURCH, AT HAR- COURT. On Good Friday at four o'clock in the after noon, G. C. Leech, Esq., laid the foundation stone of a Wesleyan Church, at Harcourt, iu the presence of about 400 persons, amongst whom were the Rev. Mr. Hill, Wesleyan minister of Castlemaine, Rev. Mr Watkin, Mr W. Baker, M.B.C., and several leading members of the Wesleyan persuasion. The Church, when erected, is intended to con tain about 150 persons, the cost will be £320, the architect is Mr Kibble, and the contractor, Mr W. B. Denis. The building is to be of granite, and in the Gothic style. It will, we believe, be ready for public worship iu about two months from the present date. The proceedings were opened by a hymn, suitable to the occasion, being sung. The Rev. Mr Hill then read the 84th psalm, after which the Rev. Mr Watkin offered up a short and ap propriate prayer, in which he invoked the Divine blessing on the undertaking about to be commenced, and prayed that ministrations of the gospel intended to be carried out in the pro- posed building might prove to have a saving efficacy for many souls. The Rev. Mr Hill then deposited a bottle on the stone, which he stated contained a copy of the M. A. Mail, Our Daily News, The Wesleyan Chronicle, The Circuit Plan, and a document, of which the following is a copy : — "The foundation stone of a Wesleyan Metho dist Church, Harcourt, was laid by G. C. Leech, Esq., on. Good Friday, the 14th April, 1865, in the twenty- eighth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria." The Rev. J. S. Waugh, President of the Aus- ralian Conference, The Rev. W. Hill, chairman of the Castlemaine and Sandhurst district. Ministers of Circuit, Rev. W. Hill, and the Rev. E. J. Watkin." Trustees.-Messrs Elias Cundy, Joseph Rich- ards, Isaac James, Henry Crow, George Cramp- ton Leech. Architect.— T. F. Kibble. Con- tractor -W. B. Davis. Mr Leech then addressed the assemblage to to following effect: — He observed that they had met together that day to lay the foundation stone of a temple to the honor and worship of Almighty God. Sin having entered into the world by reason man s disobedience, it became necessary at a very early period to raise altars for the purpose of worship, and to offer up sacri- fices to appease the Divine wrath. At first, man offered up worship to God in rude and primitive structures. Bye and by, as man progressed in population and taste the number of the places of worship were multiplied and enlarged in size. These primitive structures, too, became less rude and rugged in character. In place of plain walls arose grooved and vaulted roofs, clustered co- lumns and elaborate detail. Man had always been found desirous of paying honor to an in- visible power, and in later days the Christian system had been established, from which man derived comfort and support in this world, and was led to hope for the future. With a view of illustrating the primitive kind of places in which worship was celebrated, Mr Leech referred to the frail structures in which the Jews offered up praise and sacrifice when sojourning in the wilderness, which was followed by the temple built by Solomon. As religion advanced beau tiful" temples were erected, until a superstitious and erroneous, idea arose that the Almighty whom the Heaven of Heavens could not contain, would be content to abide in a temple made with hands. The early reformers perceiving this were desirous of having plain buildings for purposes of worship, but in carrying out tbeir ideas tbey went to the opposite extreme and erected buildings for the purpose of worship that were scarcely honorable nor decent. There was a proper medium between the two extremes which should be observed. In large cities, where there were majestic buildings, for secular pur poses, there he thought that there, should be beautiful temples to the honor of Almighty God. But for those who lived in country towns or backwoods and hamlets, he thought it was suffi cient if they raised suitable and decent structures nccording to their means. It was in that spirit that they had assembled together that day to lay the foundation stone of a building to the honor of Almighty God. In the place about to be_ built public worship would be conducted, the message of deliverance through Christ Jesus would be preached, but in accordance with that form of Christian catholicity which had origi nated with John Wesley, and known by the name of the Wesleyan Alethodist connexion. In the building about to bo commenced the rites of the Christian faith would be administered, the infant child would be presented for admission to the fold of Christ, persons would be bound to gether in holy matrimony, sanctified by the pre sence of Jesus at the marriage feast of Canaan, the messages of mercy sent by Heaven to man would be proclaimed in this temple, and the word of God preached. Air Leech concluded his address by laying the foundation stone in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Air Hill then said there was a little ceremony now to be goDe through in which they could all take part, viz., let all present deposit some offer ing on the foundation stone just laid, aud thus support the undertaking. A collection was then made, as also was one after the tea meeting which followed, at which some 300 persons were present. It may be ob-. served to the credit of the Wesleyan body that they are the first denomination who have at- . tempted to raise a church iu Harcourt, a town ship which has now existed for some time. 