A MISC.LLAN A.o Ta?nE R-EsCLTs.--lBred is unquestionably clceaper than it was forty years ago, but it is ch apen. d by the importation of fireign to rn; of sthih the inevitable ceon=rquence ha,,s I eon the tl.roning out of corn cul'ijation of a large an-l constamtiv increauing bhre:,th of Soil in this countiry, inolving insufficient em ]ployntent and low wages to our agriculturel Ia hiorrs. A- to iuart, we canniot r-coll ct that it ever approachetl the figure to which it bus now attained, except during the height of tie great war with France. Silks nay be cheaper, but they are not homte made-silks. The Flt nch ribbon makers thrive whilst ours are starving; Lanic.shire has for two years been a great poorhouse. of which the inhabi tants exist upon charity; and Staffcrdslire and all the other iron districts in the kingdom bid fair before long to be brought toa si iiliar condition. It may be that luxuries are brought more than they once were a ithin the reach of the coimparatively wealthy class. I]ven that, however is doubtful, for good wines maintain tleir plrice, good horses are cost11, and good houses enormously dear. But the poor, as it seems to us, are growing daily poorer, awl peot.le of nmoderate ,meauns are at their wits' end to keep their proper place in society. It is very easy to show byh figures that bioth our imports antd exports have enormiously increased. It is not more hard to explain that our customs duties are reduced fromt many hundreds to twelve, diff, rential duties aboli?hed, protection duties repealed or reduced, corn laws repealed ; taxes on glass, soup, coals. candles, paper, newspaper stattipa, stamps, and mainny -other articles repealed. 3Be it so, but who gains? Is it the W\ist India planter, or the owner, occupier, and laborer on the laud, or the papertlaker, or the paper consuumer, or an'y body, except the proprietor of a daily news paper ? For our own part, we declare that we should infinitely prefer paying a trifle more than we do for our soap, or candles, our sugar, and our paper, it, by so doing, we could ensure two.results, first, the restoration of the industrics concerned wutl, these articles to the state of pros.perity fromu which they have all fallen ; and, next, exemption from the most odious and iniquitous of all imposts, the income tax.-Blacktwood's Magazine. NATURE AND ART.-There are at the pre sent moment two engravings in juxta-posi tion in Messrs. Grave's window in Pali-mall. One represents a couple of female faces, a couple of bare necks, and an unnatural wealth of hair, emerging from a tumbled ocean of crinoline, frothed and festooned with gauze and flowers. The print prolesses to represent two English ladies of the 19th century "Go ing to the Drawing room ;" but it does not represent forms at all-it merely represents painted cheeks, powdered necks. false clignons curls and ringlets, and milinery gone mad. The other print is entitled "the Maid and the lMa1pie." It represents a pretty Scotch lassie milking a comely Ayrshire cow, while a magpie is imtpudently filching some food from a distl in the fore ground. The girl, strong, lithe, and graceful needs neither padd ing nor machinery to eke out the natural symmetry of her form ; she is no more like the made-up beauties on their way to the Court, than she is like the cow she is milking; and sIte is far moire lovely in her siml.licity than they are in their high art. It those ladies, were asked why they do not dress as frankly and sensibly as the pretty milkmaid, they would j.robable repdly, " Without crinoline, illusion, rouge, pearl-powder, and fidse hair, we should not be fit to hbe seen," and perhaps they would be right. Certain it is, however-and we call Landseer's pretty rnilktraid into court to prove it-that a htalthy, well- made, handsoate girl stands in no need of such false and extravagant acces sories as are now resorted to to enhance her charms.-Pa-l .lall Gazette. A RoYAL LErrEa.-Amongst the papers presented to the House of Lords on the sub ject of the imprisonment of British subjects in Abyssinia is the following singular compo sition. It is a copy of an autograph letter of the King of Abyssinia to her Majesty the Queen, and it is as follows :-" The King of Abyssinia to'the Queen of England.-In the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,'one God in Trinity, chosen by God, King of Kings, Theodorus of Ethiopia, to Her Majesty Victoria, Queen of England. I hope your Majesty is in good health. By the power of God I am well. My fathers the Emperors having forgotten our Creator he handed over their kingdom to the Gallas and Turks. But God created me, lifted me out of the dust, and restored this Empire to my rule. lie endowed me with power, and enabled me to stand in the place of my fathers. By His power I drove away the Gallas. But for the Turks 1 have told them to leave the land of my ancestors. They re fuse. I am now going to wrestle with them. Mr. Plowden, and my late Grand Chamber lain, the Englishman Bell, used to tell me that there is a great Christain Queen. who loves all Christains. When they said to me this:-' We are able to make you known to her, and to establish friendship between you,' then in those time I was very glad. I gave them my love, thinking that I had found your Majesty's goodwill. All men are sub ject to death, and nmy enemies, thinking to in jure me, killed these my friends. But by the power of God I have exterminated those enemies, not leaving one alive, though they were of my own family, that I may get, by the power of God, your friendship. I was prevented by the Turks occupying the sea coast from sending you an embassy when I was in difficulty. Consul Cameron arrived with a letteo, and presents of friendship. By the power of God I was very glad hearing of 'your welfare, and being assuredl of your amity I have received your presents, and thank yoit much. I fear that if I send ambassadors with presents of amity by Consul Cameron they may be arrested by the Turks. And now I wish that you may arrange for the safe pass age of my ambassadors everywhere on the road. I wish to have an answer to this letter by Consul Cameron, and that he mayconduct my embassy to England, See how the Islam oppress the Christain." 