Y LITERATURE OF THE MONT[. (From our English Correspondent.) The paper on the " Riso and Progress of the' Scottish Tourist " is a resuame of the literature on Scottish scenery, including the poetry and the itineraries. Beginning with Tacitus, we have references to the Irish monks, Cromwell and his troopers, Daniel Defoe, Dr. e Johnson, and others. Then Alves, Gillies, Shakspeare, Smollett, Adamson, &o.;, are laid under contribution. The writer next dis. courses on the influence of rivers in awaken. a ing reverential feeling, and remarks that S"there is scarcely a river of any note in Scotland that cannot boast some considerable poetic tribute." "Towards the end of the a last century, Highland scenery obtained a considerable rise in the market through the ? combined influence of four great social powers, all working separately and independently of each other, but all helping in one cause. These were Pennant the traveller, Jane, Duchess of Gordon, Iobhert Burns, and James Maopherson." "Of all those who have heard of Scott's SLady of the Lake,' only a few have heard of the little book called ' Sketches Descriptive of Picturesque Scenery on the Southern Con fines of Perthshiro;' published in 1806 by Patrick Graham, Minister of Aberfoyle. Though it was Scott who made the Trossaehs illustrious, Graham was their discoverer." A paper on 'Spain ' is very hopefully written. After sketching the events of the present reign, the existing Government and state of affairs is reviewed. " By tile constitution now in force, that of 1845, the Sovereign can do no wrong, and ministerial responsibility is fully recog nised...The Government is carried on by nine Ministers-the President of the Council, the Ministers of Grace and Justice, of the Interior, of Public Welfare, of Finance, of War,'of Marine, of the Colonies, of Forelgn tlffaijres.. The whole of the mainland is divided-for ad ministrative purposes into 47 provinces, over each of which is a civil governor, assisted by counsellors. Local administration is carried on by Alcaldes, also helped by councils. + In the very smallest places there is a still humbler administrator, who is called the Alcalde pedanco...All these Alcaldes, great, and small, must do as the ministor of the law: commands. ...The population is steadily increasing, thl use of meat is becoming .more common, and the number of cattle and other domestic animals rapidly multiplying...Raill way communication has rapidly developed. ...Coasting and foreign vessels are on the in oreaso.-Turn whero we will we see what marvellous changes an increase of:science would work in this splendid country. There are rivers of wine, but rarely fit to drink. There are lakes of oil, but it is equally abom inable. There are acres of peanches, but the fruit is a sort of turnip. There is no want.of industry. The Spaniard works hard with his hands, as those of our engineers who have superintended railways in Spain are ready to testify. Sobriety is a common virtue. In telligence is not wanting, and elementary cdii cation is tot so very backward. It is intelli gent direction that is wanted, central diree tion if nothing better can be got, independent , local direction where that is possible." A searching paper on 'Tests in the English r- University,' others on ' Topography of the chain of Mont Blanc,' ' Essays in Criticism' ' (pointing out that' criticism will find plenty of occupation in Scotland'). 'The Holy Em " pire' make up a capital number. \- AMcacmillan gives us some more !'extracts from Lady Duff-3ordon's Letters from SEgypt." Here is a description of her visit to ' I the tomb of the high-born Abel HajJol-" Yes. i torday I rode over to Karoac; glorious hot I sun and delioious air. Mustafajoined me, and p pressed me to visit the Sheykh's tomb for the benefit of my health, as he and Sheykh .Yusuf wished to say a Fathah for me; but I , most not drink wine at dinner. I made a little diflloultyon the score of difference of ro ligion, but Sheykh Yussuf, who came up, said he presumed I worshipped God and rat ;tones, and that sincere prayers were good u..y where. Clearly the bigotry would have been on my side if I had refused any longer; so in the e evening I went with Mestafa. It was a very i ourions sight. The little dome illuminated wvith I as much oil as the mosque could afford, Sbeneath it the tombs of Abel Hajjoi and:his ), three sons. A magnificent old man,, like a Father Abraham himself, dressed in white, sat on a carpet at the foot of the tomb; he was the head of the family of Abul Hajjoj. He made me sit by him, and was extremely polite. Then came the Nazir (magistrate), the Cadi, a Turk travelling on Government business, and a few other gentlemen, who all sat down round us, after kissing the hand of the old shoykh. Every one talked, in faot it was a soiree for the entertainment of the dear Shoykh. A party of men sat at the further end of the place with their faces to the kiblob, I and played on a taraboukeh (sort of surdrum e stretched on earthenware, which gives a peon. liar sound), a tambourine without bells, and little tinkling oymbals, fitting on thumb and finger (oroteles), and chanted songs in honor of M[ahommed and verses from the Psalms of David. Every now and then one of our party left off talking and prayed a little, or counted his beads. The old Sheykh sent for coffee and gave me'the first cup, a won. dorful concession; at nlast thi nazir proposed, a fathalh for me, which the whole group round me repeated aloud and then eaoh said to me-. "Our Lord God bless thee, and give thee health and peace to thee and thy family, andd take thee back to thy master. and, thy children ;" overy one adding, "Amen," and giving the salaam with the hand. I roturned it and said, "Our Lord reward theesand all the people for kindness to strangers;" which was considered a very proper answer. After that we went away, and the worthy nazir walked home with me. In Cairo or Lower Egypt it is quite impossible for a Christian to enter a Shoykh's tomb at all-above all at his birthday festival, and on the night of t Friday." ' The Rash Vow,' by T. H. Lewin, is,a fine soliloquy in blank. verse, of a monk during the first night of his living entombment. ' The I Shadow of Death,' by Miss Cobbe, represents I the last of the Druids as visited in his cave by seven suppliants. They are a queen, a knight, a rich and generous brother, a. bard, a sage seeking and imparting knowledge, a maid ministering to the weak and ignorant, t and mother-all lamenting unrequited love, I and asking " What must I do to awaken his t love ?' After the appearance of an illus- t trative vision, "The Druid turned mournfully i to the suppliants and said-' Only this solace I have I for your aching hearts- sleeping love 1 will waken when over him falls the shadow of death.' " There is an admirable little essay on ' True ii Perspective in Art and Life,' the gist of which may be gathered from the remark- F " There are some people unfortunately so con- t stituted that it is almost impossible for them t to take a true view of things or persons." r Goldwin Smith .examines 'The Proposed a Constitution for British North Amerioa,'" ' is not disposed to= accept, it without li explanation, and en bloc investigates the mean. a lug of terms, and gives warning that what has become indigenous in the mother country i' may not bear transplanting.: Dr. Hamilton a tolls about ' The Early. Years of Erasmus,' ii and the author of ' Dr. Antonio' about' Saun renio.' 'The -Iillyars and the Bartons' and e1 'Son of the Soil' astill bontinue. - a Fraser reproduces;'the Speech of the Dean s' of St.' Paul's, as it .was delivered' before the li Clerical Subscription Commission on the 22nd ti September, 1864, arguing that subscription St is ineffective, and at the same, time galling r and dIemoralising to the subscribers. ' Vir. I ginia, First and 'Last,' is the title of an ad. ca muirable and temperate pnpoi writtin by one q who sympathises with the Virginians in. their present conflict, and oaticipates or theiin-yet is an hdnourablo career. Beginning 'with the 01 poetic story of CaptainJohn Smith and'th In. fl 'dian- Princess, Pocahontas, he traces the' his. .1 tory :of thi State, and recali many pleasant' associations with different localities, chiefiy re- T ferring to East Virginia. ' Old Governor Spottswood-after whom the country was' A named Spottsylvania-is said to have tried to establish in thbo neighborhood- of Fredericks- ' burg a society on the pattern of Sir Thos. More's Utopia. Tradition assigns i beautiful' island in the Rappahannock, two miles above. Fredericksburg, on which are some old rains, but which is now uninhabited, as the locality A selected for Utopia. Much of this region was sottled 'by Scotch families, whose descendants. have always bceenthe most prominent persons P in the hnighborhood." Douglass Gordon, of pc Fredericksburg, is perhaps the wealthiest man Pt in Virginia; it is said that,, foresoeing the in present war, he managed to bring his monoey f to England, bhut returned, and is now devoting th his energies to the Confederacy. Amongst pt these early Scotch settlers were the brothers an Oampbell, one of whom was the father of the of poet. 'It would seem that Thlomas came near di being a Virginian. ,His 'father retired from'.' lusiness, and returned to Glasgow' about theo or time of his birth, There Is a tradition in '.A A Virginia that the poet once visited that State, Ih and that it was in full view of the fine 20 scenery of the Rappahannock that he wrote a' 'Lord Ulliu's Daughter.' But it is probable ,y that, if the poet had ever gone to America, a. he would have taken a peep at the Valley of Wyoming, in Pennsylvania. A friend of the ta writer related that he once visited Campbell, m who asked hita if he had ever seen Wyoming, to On being told that he had, the poet asked if a. the description in 'Gertrude' was anything t like the place. My friend told the truth as d gently as he could, that there was no resem. to blance at all; upon which poor Campbell h wept for mortification.' Here is the writer's I view of the cause of war:-' The anti-federal a and State-sovereignty party was by no moans 3 an especially pro:slavery party. It is only in d modern times that it seized upon the rapid s, growth of anti.slavery opinion in theoNorth as D. a means of alarming the South, in order to y secure its own darling project--a dissolution , of the Federal Union., It has been frequently y asserted, and it is to be found in some of Mr. 1 Soward's dospatehes, that the real wish of the 1, scessionits was not to destroy the Union, but a to rule it. This istrueofmostofthe Gulf States, e King Cdtton would no doubt have been satis. fled with perpetual rule over the Union. But o the power behind his throne-represented by o the Carolinians and the Virginians-was that of men determined to dissolve the Union at any risk to slavery. They were by far the most earnest and cultivated men in the South, For the end of regaining that sovereignty of their states which their fathers had voted t away, they did not hesitate to incite tie r North to a more hostile attitude towarda r Slavery." A short contribution from Mr. J. A. Froudo, the historian, shows " how Ireland was governed in the sixteenth century." Be has come across some papers in the Record l Office, unquestionably authentio, which prove I that the representativoes and servants of" Good Queen Bess" rather liked a little human 3 slaughter, and slow without sufficient reason , men, women, and children. A paperon "The Law of Honor" gives the history of duelling, and reasons for its practice. The writer thinks a return to it preferable to the dis I hnorable and disgraceful language and prant Ities of the mess-room. Miss Cobb contri-. bates a second paper on " The Hierarchy of Art." " Gilbert Rugge" and ' The Amulet" are continued. Other papers are on "Meri. alesoa's Sermons, on the Conversion of the Roman Empire" (the Boyle Lecture), " Work ing Men's Clubs and Institutes," and "Law SReporting.' .Blackwood ontains "second parts" of "The Right Hon W. Gladstone, M.P.," " Etonian," and "ilies Majoribanks." This young lady gains some more victories, but meets with one rebuff, displays her self-conceit, and never for gets to toll her new friends that her "grand object in life is to be a comfort to papa" In an article on "William Blake" there is the following passage-'- We are all periodical we are all bat portions of the same mighty stream. This ephemeral nature of our litera. ture is not due to want of talent, but to the very opposite cause, to the redundancy of talent. One novel obliterates another, not be. cause the first was unworthy to live, but be. cause the second is as worthy as the first. To the second comes a third equally worthy. The public, hundred-handed as it is, cannot hold them all, and as the newest is the most attrac tive, it must, of force, drop the old ones, while it stretches forward to the new. Can you ex pect the charm of style to preserve a book ? The English language could not be better written than it often is for a composition con fessedly intended to last for a single day. It is true, however, that a great audience is to be spoken to in that single day. A Times news paper, in its short life, has had more readers than Milton's poem gained through half a cen tury. It holds the position of the orator rather than of the writer. We all in a men- ] sure rather speak than write. The very ad vance of our knowledge tends to abridge the life of our best books. Science can hardly be said to have any literature; it has only a record of its progress. Ihe ablest text book is suspended in a few years. Our books of science, like our law books, are worth nothing I if they are not of the last edition. And of late years, history hans been much in the samoe prodicament as science. So maninny new ( sources of information have been opened, and I so many now points of viewr revealed to intel- . ligent oriticism that our most advanced his torians rather give us contributions to the his. c tory of some period than attempt the final r record of that period." A reviewer of ' Sir t E. Bulwer Lytton's Poems' of which a new edition has just been published, gives them qualified praise,-thoy are "delightful" but a "grave and sombre." ' Guy Novillo's Ghost' t is a capital tale, and ' Piccadilly: an Episode b of Contemporaneups Biography,' part 1, is first-rate. The only other piece is .hie Tuft h Hunter : 'A word for an ill- used clase.-O'.Doed. They say I'm i tuft hunter; but I say the tuft I heaunts me, y And in the mutual league we've made I'm needed more than he. L He finds the wine, I find the wit: we both are v well requited; . . . s lBut ask, lfhlsgoodthings or mineehave most the o1 guests delighted. I bring it to this Issue, and there cannot be a ,plainer: At last night's feast; should he or I be called the Enitertaluer. Cornhill cintains a paper on ' The Present Positid? of Landscape p ainting in England,' pointing out the scope and aims of landsicapel painting, the present state of its appreciation in this country and expressing the belief that full justice has not been done to it, and that there are few who really love nature. Another paper on ,' The Winds' speaks of their origin and of their characteristics in different parts of.the wbrld. 'Isoroia d'Addio' is a Garibal. fe dias remuiniscene. ' Willie Baud' is a poem. 'A Midsommer Ride in.South China' des. m oribesa men, enid manners, and scesry. fc ' Anndata' and 'Wives and Daughters' keep or , up their Interest. The Oowl after its hyl:eb to tion has begun to "boot" agoin; sern o readers will be glad to listen to i- soe THE TORY ULYSSS., f The measure which n my own mind Is par. a etmont is the formation of some tribunal of lIst appeal In espiritual matters, which the cireum, staneos of-the day imperatively demand:.-Mr ' D'araoll st Oxford, November, 1804. g It little profits that an idle chief, 8 Mlatched with a helpless team, I mete and dole a. Unlikely hopes to a Bneatian race II That vowe, and speak, and cheer, but like not ms, 1 cannot rest from office: I must drink Power to the lees: all lines I have essayed, Invective and corruption, bloth with those e That served me and alone; 'gainat Pamll, and shen n Through misty periods Gladstone's eloquence d Swayed the fogged house : I am become a joke; a For always struggllng with a hungry heart oMuch have I tried aud failed ; cabals ot men, Divlsions, parties, eouecils, governments, Myself not least, but salaied of them all; I And drunk delight of battloe with thle Whigs, . Oft in the stinglng strife of wordy war, o I've held a part in all that I havo met ' th Yet all experience is anl arch where thro' Gleam those far distant seals, whose outlines fade IFor ever and fur ever whell I move. t ow dull It is to pause, to make an end, To rest on pension, not to draw full pay, f Ad this gray spirit ycarning in desire tTo lead thle Torlo, like the Magi's star t Up to the cradle where their advent lies. mean f There gird it troech'rous seas. My hlerarchs, Souls, that at Oxford lately thought with me, I bid you, with a frolic welcomle, take Hope's happy ray of sunshine, and prepare Your voles and speeches; you and I are old, And so Is Parliament; but ere the end Some work of noble note may yet be done 0 Not unbecoming men that would he Lands. I Election lights are twinkling o'er the land. a The session wanes: "dissolvo" is heard-the " Church aMoans round with many voices. Come, my friends, In Convocation start this new idea. Unite, and, acting well togetlher, smite. D All vulgar heretics. For my purposes , A Court of Iligh Review 'twill well sallce r To advocate; and " Church in danger" cry. SIt may he that the House will wasith us down It may be we shall pass our little bill, And reap the grateful KUDOS 'twill cotfer. Tho' much is taken, much abides; and tho' ,.e are not now that strength which in old days Used award and stake ; that which we are, we are; SOne ardent temper of ambitious hearts, Made weak by time and fate, hbut strong in will, As much as we have loest again to win. nONI s1O QnUI MAL Y PI'EE, A year ago poor Denmark cried For aid, which we refused the martyr; But since lie's only one leg left, we've tried To bind up one wound with a-garter. "Deputation," says the Chancellor of tthe Exchequer, "is a noun of multitude which signifies many, but does not signify much." P1'neCL-HEREan AND TIIBBn SONG BT CLOWN. Here we are I Let you and me Think ow ldong we've hero to stay. We are here now--ah, but we Shall be there another day I When we weren't here, there we were, Here whien we no more remain, Then again we shall be there, Shoutiag," Here we are again." Punech.--Te E?xtradition of Critineatl.- ' A Hungry Pauper' enquires whether they have the extra dish because they are crimi nals. Our Curate; or Julia's Occupation Gone. -Amelia (glancing mournfully at the curate as he passes by with an air of indifference to ovoryllthing sublunary, and attired in the style of Brother Ignatius)-" Oh, Julia, it's no use vworking slippers for him, and mamma says alto is sure he don't want braces; so what must we do to save him from marrying outof the parish ?" Oxford University Iltelligence.-Tho Boden Prolessor will lecture on Cicero's Oratory and the Oratory of Brompton. At the Taylor Institution there will be lectures on the Habits of the Ancients. Tile Professor of Political Economy will lecturo on the Theory of Rent. Tite text for his first discourse will be, ' Don't you wish you may get it,' The Margaret Professor will, ovary Tuesday and Thursday evening during the ensuing term, give 'Woman, Lovely Womarn,' as a toast. At Corpus there will be the usual loctures on Bantingistn. The Professor of Logic will give lectures on his own promises. Pretty Ne1ar the allark.-' What do I think of the Davenports?' said Smith, the other night, after attending a scance. ' Why, I think they are a couple of rather clover con jurors, at voila two I' JRecegnition.--Tho Federals miet not be angry with us, but overy timo we go to see the juggling of the Davenports, or other hum bugs, we reeogniso the Confederates. " The Gentiltty of Specch.-At thi music halls visitors now call fobr another acrobat when they want a second tumbler. £Earning his Corlificate.-Family Dootor: " And no port, mind; if you drink port wine you'll have another tttlak of gout, as sure as fate." Country gentleman : "Quitocertain ?" Doctor : "No doubt about it." C. G.: "The very thing. You stay and dino; woll have some of that '34, and-I'm summoned on a jury the day after to-morrow !" The Davenporfs Undone. Sure the Davenport Brothers got To the end of tlheirrope, well.algh, When their Ferguson cut the knot Which their spirits could not untie. .lfano him a Peer. Having finisbd his Ilitd Anrd ceased to be busy, Lord Derby should try And translate Itia Odd-Ditty. Our Itbreigtn Belaiones.-Coaa ius German. Gravamere ivorous Animals.-Convo. ation. Jltoltofor Smoker.--" II cig retto per esser felico." Brprenssrom the .iitc ent.-tleary tlhanks tL milkman for his vallontine. She know it was from him, because it was written dn tho bet cream laid. Her feelings tally with hit. 4d qr elB forjsa utreannuahre.-Why.. yne the Garter.given to the Duke of firo- engines ? To.keep up his hose. .Frank termination of tholamperor's Speech.' -" Utopia is to welfare what Imperialisnm is to liberty, and what illusion is to truth." Literary Intfolience.- A Cambridge under.graduate is infot cd.that Pale-on.tology has nohing tdd wi tth ewoakaf the aathor of tle ""Eviincaeiu i ýhriiahit.y' TL'e GentleridnoftAhenLonn g q'obe.-Baby. boys before they are short6ned. -. ' :,: t ,·;_.: ... i ' ·~ ; . :.? 