A ItiKinarkablc Trial. (From the Daily News , Aug. 20.) For the last ten days the people of France have been absorbed in watching a remarkablo trial at Toulouse. Even in this country the devotees of sensation may have their passions legitimately excited by the story of a real murder, the per petrators of which are still 11 mystery, and a murder accompanied by circumstances of startling atrocity; I11 tho department of the Ariege, under the northern slones of tho Pvroueos. thorn is n vilWr. called La Bestide Besplas. This village lies in the beautiful valley of the Arize, and a short way further down the stream stands an old straggling chateau, known as the Chateau Bailbird, consist ing of a court surrounded by buildings. Here lived nil old bao'ielor, seventy-four years of ago, M. Bugad de Lasalle, with throe servants, Jtfan Lacnnol, the coachman, Pelagic Bycheire, tho maid, and llaymondc Berger, tho cook. M. de Lasalle had a considerable fortune ; indeed his income is said to have been, from 12,000f. to 15,OOOf. a year. But he took 110 care to invest it judiciously. Like many old gentlemen I10 wns both timid and a miser, so that be preferred hoarding his money oven to investing it in tlio funds. Naturally public rumour exaggerated his wealth, so that tho chateau came to bo known as the Maison d'Or, whilst the unhappy possessor, aware of the danger to which he exposed himself, by his singular conduct® seldom went out and had always about him all sorts of weapons to defend his treasure. Almost every Thursday he went to visit bis sister at Carbonne; but ho always returned at seven in llie evening, and insisted that his horses should not bo watered until after the lapse of two hours. On the morning of Friday, the 26th of Feb ruary, nn old servant observed as ho left for his work, that the shutters of the windows were still closed. When he returned, about nine, .be found things in the same state. Feeling nlarmed, he spoke to his wife, and then went into the court yard. He called Pelagic, the maid. Finding no ono in the kitchen, lie wont into tho stable, where lie found several puol3 of blood, and in a dark corner a dead body, wliioh ho at first took for that of his master. Ho gave tho alarm, further assistance came, and a horrible scene pre sented itself, the body ot tho maul, JJf!agio, was found 011 the ground floor. Io a wood-shed, close by, lay tho corpse of Jean Lacanol, whore it s.'emed to linvo been dragged from the stable, whither he had probably gone to water his horses. O11 the first floor, where the two ser vants slopt, was found tho body of tho old miser, M. do Lasalle ; at, the foot of tho bed, and be hind the bed, half enveloped in the curtains, was Raymonde Berger, hor head nearly severed from her body. It seemed that the assassin must have got upon tho bed, for the sheets showed tho marks of muddy boots. The room in which these two bodies wore found was in great disorder. TI19 furniture was scattered on the floor, and the cup board and drawers had been broken open. But it appeared that M. de Lasalle must have beon first attacked in his own room, for there was blood upon the door of his own room, which communicated with that iu wliioh his body was found. All the bodies were horribly mutilated. That a cruel murder had beon committed there was no d-iubt. The old gentleman had 110 ene mies, but the character of tho man, who was believed to have iu tho house somo 50,000f., and the fact thnt the drawers wsro broken open, proved that the crime must have been promptod by avarice alono. It turned out. indeed, that a very considerable sum of money was concealed in various cupboards of tho house. ,'J»heso places of safe custody the robbers did not dir.covor; but tho state of the house clearly showed the objeot of their visit. It was not long before suspicion fell upon a man named Pujol. He was said to have . beon seon in the neighborhood before the murder, ana he had boon in the habit of making inquiries as to M. de Lasalle's \v:alth, besides which it was known that ho bad established an intimacy with tho maid, Pelagie. According to the indictment, tho passion for intriguo peculiar to French sorvont-maids, and a womanly weakness for ar dent spirits, had mado hor an easy prey to the avaricious designs of her paramour. Still tlio evidence against tho man was very meagre ; and it is supposed that ho might havo escaped had I10 not been arrested at Toulouso for wounding and ?robbery. It Was then discovered, not only that he was the same man who had been wandering about Baillard, biit that ho was an esoaped con viot — that he had already been in prison for nine years, and that his protograph was in every con siderable police station in Franco; These cir cumstanccs wero sufficient in tho cyea of the French police to justify Pujol's arrest (whoso real name was now discovered to be Jacques Latour) for the murder of M. de Lasalle ; but it is somewhat singular that, according to tbo evidence, ho continued to remain in tho neighbor hood where the crime was perpetrated, and even proposed to purchase a farm and marry tho daughter of his host. If tho facts had rested hero it. is difficult to understand how any jury could havo brought iu a verdict of guilty against even Pujol, much loss urrainst the suDiiosed accomplioo Francois Audouy, a mountebank, nicknamed Hercules. No one siw the crime perpetrated, and the fact of four persons beiug murdered would suggest that it had been dono by several persons. That there was a bloody stiugglo cannot bo doubted, and yet tho prosecution ontircly failod to prove that any blood was fouud Upon the clothes of either of tho alleged assassins. Ono of tho few serious faots nllegod against Jacques Latour was that he had 1,700 francs in bin possession when ho was caught but it was established that Latour had been a hardworking man, that in a few years he had been in the actual possession of as muoh as 3000 francs, and it was fairly oontended that, he might still be in pofiseseion of part of this money. Thero was, howsver, another fact upon which ?«rraf .'trc3S was laid. Upon the bed of one of ; v.' found h broken comb and a pen cil, which some of his prison companions declared that they had seen in bis possession. But, 011 the other hand it was alleged that it wns not easy to identify such articles and ttiat they were just the Burt of shabby things which would belong to a miser like M. co Lasalle. Perhaps the chief point in favour of both the men accused is the difficulty of explaining how t.hey got so far from the Bceuo of the murder the morning after it was perpetrated. Latour must have started from La Bastide at eleven o'clock 011 the night of the 25th, and according to the evidence he was at Mnurnn, moro than thirty miles, on tho morning of the 2Gth. Audouy must havo travelled, with a don key and cart somo forty miles after the murder, which was perpetrated about ten on the night, of the 25th ; for he was at F.iix about eight o'clock on the morning of the 2Gt.li. It must lie admittod that there never was a case which rested so completely 011 oircum stanc'al evidence, or one in which a man was condemned to death on less substantial grounds It is perhaps not surprising that the Procureur General should have found himself compelled to urge upon tho jury the propriety of their con vi 'ting Latour in this, fashon : — ' I have finished.' exclaimed the Procureur, ' my ske'eh of this monster. When I have him before my eyes aoconipanied by his cortege of crimes he op presses me. It is time he should disappear in the abyss. . . . You have nothing to do with what tho law may command* Who hope that your firmness will rise to the level of your duties. I invite you to be firm. Yesterday you1 were the servants of tho law to day your are its dispensers. This law obliges you to defend society in'cxclmnge for the oath which you have tiikon. The etrong characier of the inhabitants of your country is well known.' To complete the picture, when tho Procureur sat down, Jacques Latonr cried out ironically, ' Vive V Empcreur /' The Procureur pot his verdict, however, and the result is that Latour ha3 been condemnod to death, whilst his supposed accomplce has been sentenced to bar d labour for life. IIipropHAGY — The banquet of horseflesh at Lyans came off according to announcement, and was attended by a considerable number cf com mercial and manufacturing notabilities, advocates, n.edical men, ko. Tho guests expressed great satisfaction at the dishes prepared. M. Quivogne, 011a of the organisers of the entertainment, in giving a toast in faVor of the introduction of horseflesh into general consumption, said that the meat which had been served to the company, was that of nn animal five years old, slaughtered on account of a fracture which had rendered the aniinsl unGt for further service. In answer to an objection made that horseflesh would be dca.-er than beef or mutton, he stated that 000,000 horses, from seven to eight years old, might be every year killed for food without any prejudice cither for commerce, agriculture, or the army. It was also, he said, a question of humanity, for horses eight or ten years old be coming often unfit for service, were sold to per sons who ill-fed and ill-treated them, whereas, by being fattened and sold for food they would produce a profit-, and give wholesome nourishment to the poorer classes. Dr. Cliapot having re marked that the objection against horseflesh was mainly causeti ny a tear or tne enect or tne dan gerous maladies to which that animal was subject, M. Quivogne replied that no alarm need bo felt on tlmt score if, as is the case at the liorso slaughter-houses at Vienna, Berlin, and Zurich, a_ veterinary surgeon was placed as inspector. ' Unwilling Passengers. — A female camel, with her young one, arrived recently in South ampton to be sent out in the Bremen mail-steamer New York, to the United States. They were accompanied by an Arab keeper. By no con trivance could tlio elder camel be induced to cross the gangway from the dock to the ship, although the Arab tried by blows, and by coaxing with a bag of oats, to get hor on board. The young camel, about the sizo of a pony, and covered with beautifully soft silky hair, stuck to his dam. As tho tide was about to ebb, the pilot on board the ship became impatient, and callod out, ' Have tho animals shipped.' A number of German passengers on board tho New York rushed on shore, and, amidst shouts of laughter, took the young camol up in their arms and carried him bodily 011 to the steamer, and the ship was obliged to leave tho sido of the dock imme diately, leaving tho she camel behind. Tlie young camelbegan tooryintho most pitiful manner on being separated from his dam, and the latter, hearing the cries, moaned distressingly; her eyes were moistened with tears, aud hor head was slowly and solemnly movod two and fro, looking for her young one. At length she was put into a horse-box and slung on board a steam-tug and taken out to the New York, which waited in the stream for her. The Howling Doe. — In the office assigned to tho dog of the Aryans, as a messenger form the world of the dead, we see tho origin of that very wide- spread snporstition which recogniseR a death omen in the howling of a dog. An intelli gent Londoner tells me ho has often seen the omen given, aud verified its fulfilment. The dog's mode of proceedings on sucli occasions, he says, is this:— 'Tho animal tries to get under the doomed person's window ; but if the house stands within an enclosure, and it cannot get in, it runs round tbo promises very uneasily, or paccsup and down like a sentry. If the dog succeeds in making an entry, it stops under tlio window, howls horribly, finishes with three tremendous barks, and hurries away.' The same super stition prevails iii France and Germany. In the latter country, a dog howling before a house por tends eithor a death or a fire. If it howls along the highway, that is held in Westphalia to be a suro token that a funeral will soon pass that way. In klio German as in the Aryan mythology, the dog is an embodiment of the wind, and also an attendant on tlio dead. It appears in both char acters in Odin's wild hunt. Dogs see ghosts, and when IIcl, the goddess of death, goes about, invisible to hnman eyes, she is seen by the dogs. Ktlly's Indo-European 'tradition und Folk Lore. English C arriage Horsks — The fine horses of sixteen hands high to be seen in the carriages of our nubility are of pure Yorkshire breed ; but are proourablo only through the London dealers. They aro purchased by them at Rowden and Horn castle fairs, (ind by tlieni only, as the traders will not soil to strangers unless they will tako them in lots of all sizes and colours. This tho London dealer oan afford to do, sorting them afterwards to the requirements of his customers. A11 indi. vidual wishing to pick a pair for his own use would find himself shut out of the market by this prao tice . A perfect match of these Yorksliiro carriage horses, of a bright bay colour, mottled with black, is looked upon by the London dealer just as a fine diamond or a pure pearl would bo by tho precious stone dealer. They know their value, and that ultimately they will bo purchased; hence tho perfect indifference they evince towards the gene ral purchaser who may happen to see thorn in his stable. Such men look upon a pair of such horses, if they are luoky enough to obtain thom, as tho greatest advertisement of their lives. . Wo question if Ihoy would sell them at any price to a more millionaire without position in society. He must have money, it is true ; but be also wants position for hia horses. His ambition is that they shall form part of the establishment of a leader of ton, because he knows that their beauty will then be seon by tho first class of people, and that hi 1 reputation will thoreforo be established^ Such horses — (ind wo seo many such in tho drive — aro sold as faiVb «« 1 nnn '?-- r-r — '--? - W- , ' Intelligence ban been received of the death of M. Jules Gerard, tha celebrated traveller, better known under tlio name of the ' lion killer.' M. Gerard is said to have been drowned in the river Jong, 120 miles from Sierra Leone A sister of Gerard, who was living at Nice, dropped down | dead in an apopletie fit when she read the news of her brothel's death in a newspaper. The New York ' World ' reckons the cost of the present war thus: — Expenditure on army and navy, 3,000,000,000 ilols. ; bounties paid by states and towns, 450,000,000 dols. ; loss for life of the labor of the killed and maimed, 2,000,000,000 dols. ; loss of three years labor of other soldiers, 8,000,000,000 dols. ; property destroyed on the ocean, 300,000,000 dols ; loss of profits of commerce, 700,000,000 dols ; pro perty destroyod on land, 200,000,000 dols.; pensions to wounded and widows for life 400,000,000 dols, ; making a total of 15,050,000,000 dols. Tup; Dangers of Bantixgism.— Dr. E. Smith assistant- physician to the hospital for Consumption and Disease of the Chest at Brompton, has just publishod the inaugural address which, as presi dent, ho delivered before tho Physiological Sub seotion of the British Association at Batli. The following is the paesage in which he refers to ' Bantingism — ' A consideration of the dietary of tho general community must have regard to two classes at least, via., tho well-fed middle and higher classes, and moderately fed or ill-fed labor ing classes ; but time will not allow me to refer to the former further than to offer a few observations on 'Bantingism,' whilst I shall describe the latter in Bome detail. Tho attention whioh has recently been called to Bantingism has, I think been advan tageous to the oonimuuity, by showing the effects which flow from o regulation of dietary, and by gaining the confidence of the public in the science of tho question: The names of tho components are now far more widely known than before, and we may almost assume that all persons know the difference between car bon nnd nitrogen in their ultimate use in the animal system. I aro not here concerned with the medical question, 83 to whether it is desirable to reduce the bulk of a given individual — a cir cumstance which must always be left to the judgment of the medioal man in charge of the case ; but I feel compelled to state, that it would be an evil to this nation, both physically and mentally, if the system of reduction were to be como at all general ; and that on the contrary, regarding the whole population, we need to add to. rather than take from, thn wriolit nf tlm bnrlw I would also add my experience as a physician that even in the well-fed classes I have seen very serious diminution of both bodily and mental vigor follow the working out of the plan. Omitting, therefore, any reference to the question of health, and considering the subject scientifi cally, we must admit that in a full-fed and fat man the fat and fluids of the body may be lessened and the whole bulk and weight proportionately reduced by this system, and that upon prinei - pies which have long been well established. The whole plan is to reduce ilie carbon or fat ftrming elements in tlie food to a point much below the daily wants of the, system, so that a portion of the fat already in the body may be consumed daily, whilst at the same time the nitrogenous elements are supplied with at least their usual abundance. This is effected by with holding separated fats, as butter and die fat of meat, and by very greatly 'restricting the analo gous food, starch, which enters largely into the composition of flour and all grains. The sup posed necessity for giving a very large supply of meat is based upon incorrect reasoning, and, in reality, is owing to the fact that the carbon which is found associated with tho nitrogen in lean flesh is required from the too great reduction which has been made' in sugar, fat, and starch in other food. ' For the . purpose in hand it is more consistent with sense and science to allow tho usual variety of food, but to limit the total daily amount of it, so that the quantity of carbon shall be in defect of the daily wants, and tho quantity of nitrogen remain as before. There is no necessity for the absolute exoision of fat and sugar, and the extreme reduction in tho quantity of bread any more than for the great in crease in the quantity 0! meat. The bulk of the body may be reduoed simply by lessening the amount of tho kinds of food usually taken ; and as the reduction is riiore slowly effected, it is a process attended by less danger to the health. It may not be doubtod that in proportion as the system is extensively adopted, and in a given ease is worked out rapidly, so will be the preva lence of heart diseases, derangement of digestion, and gout. Seeds are now sown which will yield a plentiful harvest to medical men. Bread and Meat. — In the avorage of flesh . used as human food, the proportion of fat-forming to muscle-forming prinoiples is as four to one, in broad as five to two, in potatoes as four to one.- jm.uk is an excellent anu proper aaaition to potatoes, because it supplies both fatty and nitro genous matters, and it is tlio cheapest source of fat in country districts. From skimmed milk or buttermilk the workman may derive liis nitrogen at a cheaper rate than from any other source. Eggs are cheaper in proportion to the amount of nutriment than beef or mutton, and they form an excellent adjunot to potatoes or bread. Kitchen garden vegetables, such ae cabbages, are not de sirablo additions to the workman's food. They contain a high proportion of semi elaborate products, which are likely to exeroise a . laiative effect upon tho bowels. They are only suitable in tho case of a mixed animal and vegetable diet. Brown bread is richer in nitrogen than white bread ; bence our semi-enlightened lecturers and writers recommend the poor man to pur chase the former in preference to the latter. But tlici poor man knows better than his self- con- stituted teachers what is the more ntltritioiis for him, and accordingly prefers the white to tho brown article; We have great faith in the popu lar instincts. Whatever praotice is founded on instinct is generally oorrect. Working men instinctively find that thero is more work iu a pound of white bread than a pound off brown bread, though science tells us that the latter is richer in nitrogenous or muscle-forming materials. Tho reason of the . inferiority of brown bread in nutritive power is easily explicable — iti nitrogen is partly in tho husk of the grain, whioh confers the brown huo on the broad and the hufik is almost indigestible. Brown bread is also a laxative food; so that a portion of it is suro to pass unohariged through the body. The fact is that tho rich prefer the brown bread to the white because of this very laxative property ; biit the poor, who rarely in/Hrrncfi'rm ni* Anr-«tinnf.inn. rtnlfir.t SUUL'r iAUlil 1I1UI£C9I-1VA1 'l the food whioh furnishes the largest amount of available nutriment at the smallest cost. Oat meal is slightly, but only slightly, superior lo wheaten flour. Pea3 and boans are an excellent addition to potatoes; Indian meal is inferior to both wheaten flour and oatmeal; On the Wholo, tho diet of the agricultural laborer and small farmer is more nutritious and more wholesome than the sloppy food upon which the lowest olasses of tho city population ' 6ubsist. Potatoes and milk, with a little butter and meal occa sionally, aro in every respect more substantial and healthful nutriment than the bad bread and hog-wash tea, occasionally varied by a salt her ring or a dish of bacon or cabbagee, which form tho pabulum of the thousands of tailors, shoe makers, and bucIi liko craftsmcn, who swarm in the by-streets, lanes, alleys, closeB, and purlieus ?r . !?, .'-..4 Aqvionltvral Gazette. 