CONSECRATION OR MOST REV. DR. DONNELLY, LORD BISHOP OF CLOG HER. Of the many ceremonial* with which the Ro man ritual abounds there is, perhaps, none so impressively grand, none is so imposing, as the consecration of prelate of the Catholic Church. Even the unreflecting, and to him who is easily attracted by external appearances, this idea muat necessarily present itself, but the man who can penetrate the wisdom evinced, and fully compre hend the object proposed by the Cburch in the celebration of ber rites, will find much to reflect on, as well as much to admire. Such, no doubt^ was the feeling of a large proportion of the vasR assemblage that filled the old parish church of Monaghan on Sunday last when the bumble but distinguished pastor of Rosslea was raised to a dignity as far transcending that of the worldly princ«, as things spiritual excel things temporal, as heaven is removed from earth, eternity from time. While admitting that either of the three ecclesiastics whose names had been in due course forwarded to Rome was eminently qualified to undertake the responsibilities attached to the See of Clogher, not a few ever pointed to Dr. Don nelly as the one most likely to obtain preferment to the high position his lordship now fills. In arriving at this conclusion, they were probably as much influenced by the rerrtnbrance of the pro- , minent part the newly consecrated bishop took in founding a university, in which the Holy Father from the first took tne profoundest interest, as by his special fitness, denoted by a brilliant career, which commenced when a student of Maynooth College, was continued whea a pro fessor respectively of St. M'Cartan's and the Irish College, Paris, end still further developed in the active zeal on missionary. It was to witness the accomplishment of this so much desired event that seven prelates, besides a large body of the laity from all parts of the country, from Armagh and intervening towns, and even from Belfast met together in Monaghan, on Sunday. While it would be impossible for him to notice tbe names of a twentieth of the congregation, we may state that a small portion of it was composed of members of the Protestant and other deno ninations. The bishsps present on the occasion were— His Grace Most Rev. Dr. Dixon, Archbishop of Armagh and Primate of all Ireland : chap lain, Rev. Mr. Mackin, Administrator of Dro gheda . Most Rev. Dr. Kelly, Lord Bishop of Derry : chaplain, Rev. Mr. O'Donohue, Catholic Univer sity. Most Rev. D-. Leahy, Lord Bishop of Dro more : chaplain, Rev. E. Gillen, C.C , of Moaa ghan. ; Most Rev. Dr. M|Qettigan, Lord Bishop of Rapboe: chaplain, Rev. Mr., Kelaghan,, P.Pj, Bundoran. ''*''! Most Rev. Dr. Dorrian, coadjutor bishop Down and Cunnor ; chaplain, Rev. C. Quinn, Adminis trator, Ahoghill. Most Rev. Dr. Conaty, coadjutor bishop of Kiltnore: chaplain, Rev. John Kelly, Castle blaney. Most Rev. Dr. Nulty, coadjutor Bishop of Meath ; chaplain Rev. Professor Hackett, May nooth College. Amongst the numerous attendance of other clergymen present were :— Very Rev. Monsignore Woodlock, Rector Catholic University; Very Rev. Dean M'Mahon, PP. VG Carrickmacross ; Very Rev. Canon Keogb, PP. Balbriggan. ; R-*v. Dr. Dunne, OP. Dundalk; Very Rev. Dean Kieran, PP. Dundalk ; Rev. J. J. Hughes, CC. Carrickmacross; Rev. H. Behan, CC- (diocese of Meatb) ; Rev. J. Tariff, CO, Louth, fcc, &c.; Shortly after eleven o'clock a procession issued from -the sacristy, beaded by a cross bearer and two acolytes, who were followed by tbe clergy mentioned. The prelates next came, and were succeeded in turn by the Most Rev. Dr. Donnelly, attended by Very Rev. Dean M'Mabon and the Very Rev. Archdeacon M'Meel, the rear being brought up by his Grace the Primate, who was vested in full canonicals, and accompanied by Monsignore Woodlock as assistant priest, by tbe Very Rev. M*Culloch and Very Rev. Dr. Ber mingbam, as deacon and subdeacon respectively, and by the Rev. Mr. Mackin, as master of the ceremonies. la accordance with the terms of tbe ritual two altars were prepared, one for the con secrating prelate, the other for tbe bishop elect. On the arrival of the prelates in front of the altar, the ceremonies commenced by the bishop elect assisted by Most Rev. Dr. Kelly and Rev. Dr. Conaty, both of whom were robed in rochets, amices, stoles, and copes, and wearing white mitres — presenting himself vested as a priest, wuh a cope, before the consecrating prelate, and making a profession of faith, at the conclusion of which the latter put the usual questions respecting the receipt of the Apostolic mandate. Very Rev. Dean M'Mahon then ascended the altar, and read in a distinct and audible tone tbe mandate autho rising the consecration ; after which, the bishop elect took the prescribed oath. His examination followed, and was succeeded by the three pre lates, with the bishop elect, repeating the con fiteor. Tbe bishop was then conducted by assistant bishops to his chapel, where he removed the cope, and was vested with sandals, pectoral cross, stole, tunic, dalmatic, chasuble, and mani ple. Each at his respective altar— both he and tbe consecrating prelate began Mass, which they con tinued as far as tbe Epistle and Tract, when tbe bishop elect proceeded to the high al tar.and there was invested with the duties of the bishop. He tnen prostrated himself at. the foot of the altar, remain ing in that position until the termination of the Litanies, which were intoned by the choir. The ^ consecrating bishop then took the book of the Gospels which he placed open over the shoulders if the bishop elect. And here came tbe most solemn part of the ceremony, when the conseura ting and the assistant bishops, each touching with both hands the bead of the bishop elect, said, 11 Receive thou the Holy Ghost.' The prayers and preface having been read, the consecrating bishop intoned the ' Veni Creator,' during tbe singing of which by the choir, be annoihted the head of the bishop elect, and at its termination the anthem ?? Ungaentum in capite' was sung. He then proceeded to annoint tbe bands of tbe bishop elect, and blessed the crozier and ring I The Gospel of the Mass was then read and sung in the usual manner. 'The B?nging of the Gogpel having terminated, and the usual incensation of the celebrant having taken place, bis Grace, with assistants, retired to the seats prepared for them. Most Rev. Dr. Leahy, Lord Bishop of Dromore, who was vested in the habit of his order (the Dominican) and a purple stole, then ascended the platform of the ifftitar, and proceeded to deliver the consecration sermon, taking for his text the 28th verse of tbe 19th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, as follows ;—?? Take beed to yourselves, and to the -whole flocks wherein the Holy Ghost hath placed you Bishop9 to rule the Cburch. of God which Ha bad purchased with his own blood.' His lordship delivered an impressive and eloquent discourse. The sermon being concluded, the celebration of the Mass was resumed in their respective chapels by the consecrating and the newly conse crated bishop, about the end ot the Offertory the latter made his offering to the consecrating pre late of two loaves, two vessels of wine, and two wax torches ; after which he went to the Epistle side of the altar, and accompanied the conse crating prelate through the remaining portion nf the Mass. The consecrating prelate having said the 'Ite, Missa esr,' and blessed the congre gation, be blessed the mitre, wbich he placed on the head of the newly consecrated prelate, and also tbe gloves. He then put the crosier in his hands, and intoned the 'TeDeurp,' wdicb was taken up by the choir. During the singing of this hymn tbe new bishop was conducted round the church by the assistant prelates, and gave bis blessing to the congregation. On his return be went to the middle of the altar, from which he gave the usual episcopal blessing He then proceeded from the Epistle to tbe Gospel side, where the consecrating and assistant bishops.were standing, and made three reverences towards them, at each wishing them length of life and health in these words, ' Ad multoa annos.' .Having received tbe kiss of peace from the other bisnp-ps, he said the last Gospel, with wbich tbe ceremony concluded, it being then three o'clock. ^1. ?'-'% THE BANQUET. Between four and five o'clock in the evening, from two to three hundred gentlemen, .at th^it^i tation of the Most Rev. Djnnelly, sat down'td a sumptuous dinner, wbich was served up in one of the large halls attached te tbe diocesan college. His Lordship of Clogher, who presided, gave, on the removal of tbe clotb, a number of toa3ts, the first being that of 'The Pope,'* which was received with very great enthusiasml V.Tbat of 'The Primate' followed, and was responded to in very happy terms by his Grace who, in sub sequently proposing tbe health of Dr. .jjpnnelif, spoke at- length of tbe distinguished vIifevof his lordship, dwel.ing particularly on his labours in the cause of the Catholic Univer ity, to wbich, bis Grace said, tbe Sovereign Pontiff, in the rescript appointing him to the S?e of Clsgber, made special allusion. This statement of his Grace was received with marked favour by the large company present. Most Rev Dr Donnelly, having fittingly acknowledged the compliment paid him, cave several other toasts, amongst which were '* The Irish hierarchy,' ?? The clergy of other dioceses,' 'The Catholic University,' aud ' Maynooth College' In responding to the toast of the Catholic University, Monsignore Woodlock said be was present at the ceremony of that dayj not merely because of the personal respect he entertained fur the new bishop, but because of the immense service his lordship bad done the university when collecting funds for ita support in foreign countries. Most ilev. Dr. Dorrian, Very Rev. Dean Kiernn, Very Rev. Chancellor Lennon, Vary Rev. Professor M'Carthy, &c; , responded to the other toasts, a variety of well sung and appropriate songs having contributed much to tbe pleasures of tbe evening, which was brought to a close at a reasonable hour. — Abridged from the Ulster Observer. General Sheridan — An Onio paper says: — ' There is not a mpre dashing gallant, capable, ob stinate fighting officer in the army in the Unucii States. General Sheridan is the gallant son of an Irishman of Perry County, Ohio. At seventeen he was sent to West Point, where he fmght his way through Ifod graduated honorably. He first distin guished himself under General Rqsencrans, who always expressed for him the most enthusiastic admiration. General Sheridan is a soldier every inch of him,' said.the general. 'I'd give y«ars of my lite to. half a dozen such division commanders in my army,' A noble and a more terrible battle than he. fought with his division in the darkness of the Stone River cedars is not recorded in 'military history: Subsequently, in the advance of kragg at Tullahotna, . at Ohickamauga,: at Mission ? Ridge, he added tohis laurels. .He it now about iwo yea-s of agev All the able officers of the old army of the Cumberland have always regarded'bim as the rising, man of that army.- Esin never acknowledged a more worthy son. . ? Wagner's opera, '? Trisfcand and IsoU,' is being studiod at Munich. Bully Egan. — Few are there who do aot con oect tbe memory of the old Kilmainham Court * house with that of Bully Egan, the generou^ grave, and impulsive Chairman of the Quarter Sessions. Ho was a large, dark, and burly8 man, as wei find by a portrait limned by & master hand in ' Ireland Sixiy Years Ago.' He bora all tho reputation of soft, good-hearted characteristics, except in one respect, and that waa when it was nece.«Bary to fight a dnel^ — « task from which he never shrank. Then linVfr* '' Egan knew no fear or tenderness, altbotfga. ? upoa some of those occssiG'n'i' bia better nature broke out upon him, He fought at Donnybrooke wftii tha Master of Rolls, in con ttequence. .of' some insult he conceived that judgq,fco hrvve put upon him in eourfc ; and as it was knowajthe precise day and hour it would come^ off, a krge crowd of spectators gatherorJ to enjoy tae fan which Bully Egan contrived f-* intermingle with every acone in whidh ha was an actor. The Master of tho Rolls hn-3 a right to the first shot, as the parties land tossed for » decision of that serious eattter, and, the duel lists having taken their ground, the Master ot the R0II9 fired at Bully Egan ar,« missed bid. This exploit satisfied the judge, who was walk* ing away very coolly saying hia honour was satisfied, when the hoarse voice of Egan stopped him, and recalling him to his post, exclairaad ?' that he would have a shot at 'his Honor.' When, in obedience to this command, the judga returned to bis plaoe to be shot at, Egan ' shouted aloud that he would not humour him or be bothered with killing him, and called on him to ccine 'and shake hands, or else go td ' the devil.'. This, it need not bo said, the Master of tbe Rolls did, and ever after the mta who had met to take each other's lives became - fast and firm friends. Another of the curious duelling incidents in which he appeared was that where Jerry Keller the barrister aud Egan. were engaged upoa opposite sides in the same suit. Tbe case was beard at tbe assizes at Waterford. Keller aad Egan fell out .upon, some point of law which they were discussing1, and their argument growing earnest both re tired from the court to decide tho matter by* duel. They crossed the River Suir in a ferry boat to gain the county of Kilkenny. Henry Hayden, a large man, and Justice of peace foe ;. the county, when he heard of it, made for tho - scene of the comtemplated battle, and arriving as they were preparing to fire got between, them. Peremptorily he was commanded by. the candidates for honour to get out of the way or they would first shoot hi en and then, break , every bone in his body. He declared his au« thority as a justice of peace. They told him - they did not care if he was an angel from heaven, they would not mind him. And, terri fying him by their determination, he got out of' the way, when they exchanged shots without ? effect, ^and. then returned to court. The caus« - of their absence was generally known, and. tho bench, jury, and auditors was expecting to hear the news which of the belligerents was killed, when both walked into court. The courthouse of Kilmainham, however, bore testimony to tho. genial nature of the fierce duellist, for many & time when passing severe sentence upon' & criminal, be was known to exhibit bis com miseration so far for tbe unfortunate wretctiJW i.; to shed tears upon the fate be was compelled to subjeot him to.— Duffy's Hilernidn Magazine, i Tbe pollyglott (l Academia' took place very ' lately at the Propaganda. On the first day Dr. '- Lynch, the Bishop of Charleston,, who nas just returned to Rome, sang the High Mass. Crowds of strangers, provided with tickets of admission, attended to witness the interesting exhibition, and hear the addresses and dialogues in tbe various Oriental and European languages. It is only in the tbe capital of the Christian world that such a spectacle can be presented. Upon careful calculation, it is estimated that President Lincoln, in two hours of bis late levee, on Monday, shook bands with about 7,000 people, men, women and children of all ages, ranks and races. One for Punch. — At a large dinner party, in & , C2rtain city, lately, the frosty weather had done considerable duty in supplying conversation, when a very plump, happy^looKing married lady made £ lemaik about cold feet. ?' Surdy,' said a lady opposite, ' Mrs. ? , you are not troubled witfc cold feet?' Amid an awful pause, she naively answered, ' Yes indeed I am — very much troubled — but they're not my own.' — Ayr Advertiser. Woman. — Day may rail against wi amain as much as dey like, dey can't, set me up against dem. I bab always in my life found dem fust - in lub — fust in a quarrel — fust in de dunce — da fust in de ice cream saloon — and de fust, best, and last in de sick room. What would we poor debbils do widoufc dem 1 Lot us be born as little, as ugly, aud as bolpless as you please and a woman's arms am open to receib us. She it am who gibs us our fuat dose ob castor ile, an-£ puts close upon our helpless, naked limbs, and cubbers up our foots and toses in long flannel ' petticoats; and it am she who, as we grows up, ???, fills our dinner- baskets with apples as we start to skoo), and licks us when we tears our trousers.— Nigger Discourses. A humerous and beautiful young lady, being asked, by her. ma'iitna where fhe was going, said che was roiug to practice archery with an Irish beau and arrah. A bachelor sea captain who was remarking the other day that he wanted a good chief officer, was. promptly informed by a youn» lady present that she had no objection to be his,/irsf mate. — He took the hint — and the lady, : ;, . Mdlle. Calotta Patti is now. at Stutgartt, where her concerts have been as successful as in every other town in Grermuriy she visited. . The Oloto worm, the new evening theatrical paper, will, it is expected, be edited by Mr Burnand the burlesque writer. Mdlle. A. Patti has recovered from her india^ : position, and nppi-ared last week in *' !0on Paeqaale before an ethusiustio audience. 