THE LENITY OF AMERICAN PUBLIC OPINION. (From the Special Correspondent of the Spectator.) New York, October 8th, 1864. UNTIL this morning the week had passed with- out military news from any quarter,—a whole week—and with military affairs in their present condition that is to us a weary while. Men began to be anxious, and during the last three days the Bears of the Stock Exchange have been able to raise the price of gold from 190 to 200\. The sensitiveness which causes this ap- parent want of steadiness is a part of the price which we pay for our freedom from what we regard as political and social dead weight. The official news which has come this morning is of little importance, but it will relieve suspense and reassure the public. Sherman's com- munications are safe, and you may be pretty sure that they will remain so. Hood and Forrest have only burned their fingers badly by attempting to meddle with them. As to Grant's present movement, which is yet doing well, I only know that it is his in- tention to proceed with the greatest caution, to take no great risks, but to make all sure as he gets on, and to watch in his faithful keen-eyed way. This is not my mere opinion. A part of the war news of the week is a very noteworthy speech delivered by Mr. Davis at Macon, Georgia, on the 23rd of September. Comment upon it is not my function ; but I may properly point out that with the highest authority it sustains the assertions made in these letters as well as elsewhere, that the so- called Confederate military power is crumbling to pieces, and not very slowly. Mr. Davis says that " two-thirds" of his troops are absent, " some sick and some absent, but most of them absent without leave." Mr. Davis in his despair over-rates his losses by desertion. They are probably not quite one-third of his nominal forces. But perhaps he reckons another third which we hold as prisoners. He threatens to drive Sherman from Atlanta, and has sent Beauregard to do it. So he threatened to drive Grant from Chattanooga, and sent Long- street to do that. But unreatened men live long. The Richmond papers, which were sus- pended in panic last week, now call for troops " instantly, " " without delay from anywhere." We wait to see if they will come for this frenzied calling. General Grant will not pro- bably wait for their arrival. I have directed attention to many points upon which we of English blood are alike on both sides of the water. What is said upon " American Forensic Oratory " in the Spectator of September 17th gives me an opportunity to bring up one point in which there seems to be unlikeness. I pass by the merits of the case in question (the conduct of the court and the bar in Muller's examination here), only remarking that Mr. Chauncey Schaffer, being an excep- tional man, notorious among our bar and the public as a " blower," is as usual selected by a British critic as the typical representative of the " American" style of his class, and reprobated by the column ; while the court* and the other counsel, both for and against Muller, as their conduct and style of talking represent the usual proceedings at bar here, are brushed aside with an approving very creditable indeed, and " as dignified, as sober, and as business-like " as that which prevails in British courts ; in short, quite English, and not " American." But the point which I proposed to notice is your remark " that probably no single publication (here) will ridicule the tone of Mr. Schaffer's eloquence as it deserves." Now that is exactly what we don't do here, or do very rarely, and only upon extremest provoca- tion. We shrink from infliction of personal pain. There is here less of what Mr. Ruskin calls "the criticism that breaks hearts," and which he says people like best, than there is in Europe. We withhold praise ; but we do not inflict censure, or inflict it only on great occasions. This is shown in many ways. I have heard managers of New York and Boston theatres, who are or until of late were London men, complain that their audiences had no way of expressing disapprobation except the very ruinous one of staying away from the theatre. " Why," said one of them to me, " in London there will be a party for a play or a party against it if it is not a complete success, and one will applaud and the other will hiss, or people will come and hiss down a play ; and then you've at least a chance for a part of your expenses in getting it up. But here you produce a play ; it's received in silence for one or two nights, and after that—empty benches. Another play ; the same thing. What inducement is there to run the risk of getting up a new play ? " The same trait has been recently exhibited in regard to the raising of omnibus fare. About three months ago all the lines raised their fare from 6 cents to 10 cents. The advance, although only 66 per cent., was at once and on all hands pronounced extortionate. But nobody grumbled in the omnibuses, nobody grumbled in the papers. All the principal New York omnibus proprietors have united themselves as a Con- solidated Omnibus Company, and it was this company that took this step. But there was no outcry against monopoly. People merely, as with one consent, kept out of the omnibuses ; they walked, or, where it was possible, they used the street cars, which did not advance their prices. After ten days' or a fortnight's experience of emptiness, the consolidated men went back to their old prices, and were full again. But some advance was necessary ; so, a few weeks ago, they put * [Our correspondent forgets that " the Court" especially complimented the ability of the defence, up little placards in the omnibuses stating the increase in the price of oats, hay, iron, and wages, and announcing that in consequence of this the fare would be 8 cents, with no half fare for children. The public saw that this was reasonable, and the omnibuses were just as full as ever. Not long ago I was present at a meeting for the organization of an important public institution, somewhat national in its cha- racter. The meeting was composed of persons of the highest respectability, but that they did not represent the culture of the city you may infer from the fact that the chairman was not quite clear that reconsidering a motion was not carrying it. In the course of the evening the pro- posed measures were advocated by various gentle- men in a simple but very clear and effective way. But a certain political general rose and made a speech after the fashion of Mr. Chauncey Schaffer and his " dignity and sovereignty of the Empire State, and ' Excelsior' is her proud title still,"—which style is called in our slang of the day " spread-eagleism." When he sat down there was a little applause. After the meeting a committee remained, and about half who had been present remained also, to appoint in a chatty way a large executive Board. Many names had been put down, when some one said, " I suppose General —— will of course expect to be upon this Board." But two or three immediately replied that a man who could make a speech like that (it was mild in comparison with that which the Spectator criticised as an example of Ameri- can forensic oratory) was plainly not a man to be placed in such a position. There was a general murmur of assent, and the general was dropped as a matter of course upon his speech alone. That's the way we treat such folk here out of politics. We neither ridicule nor con- demn them ; we just quietly drop them. This trait of conduct, which is indicative of a good nature that may degenerate into weakness, is partly an exponent of that reserve in the Yankee character which I have heretofore remarked upon—a certain self-respect which restrains manifestations of individual feeling and of excitement. I have heard of managers complain of this too ; and Mrs. Kean once deplored it bitterly in my hearing. Her houses were thronged night after night, and people were delighted ; but it was only at the two or three most stirring points of the play that they were carried beyond their re- serve into noisy demonstrations of their pleasure. They sat and enjoyed in silence. This was the complaint of the most popular actress who has ever visited us. The truth is that we Yankees, instead of being the most excitable and extravagant of people, which you con- tinually speak of us as being, are possibly of all people the least excitable, certainly of all people except the Dutch, the least inclined to the extravagant exhibition of excite- ment. I have seen a great ship launched and slide superbly off into the water, with thousands upon thousands looking on, some of whom had come from far to see the sight, and not heard one cheer go up. I have been recently one of a crowd of hundreds upon a large steamer to whom, as we approached the pier, news of a great victory was shouted by those on shore ; and beyond a bright glancing of the eye, and a deep stern hum of approbation, there was not a sign of excitement. There are times, however, when we do let loose ; and then we do it with a vengeance. Any European who has seen or read a faithful account of a Democratic mass- meeting in New York may well say that the doings upon such occasions do not support what I have just said. But how should they ? For at Democratic mass meetings in New York seven-tenths of those present are Irishmen, and the remainder, including the speakers, have studiously or insensibly fitted themselves for such companionship. Never forget that it is not to New York, the city, to its press, or its political meetings, or to its public doings generally (except those from which its politicians are excluded), that you should look when you would rightly judge the tone and temper of " Americans." Yet even New York is, with determined perversity, to say the least, continually misrepresented to you in this respect by your own writers. For instance, the corres- pondent of the London Times, in his letter dated September 6, says that " New York has been as gay as a carnival since the news [of the capture of Atlanta] has arrived." It would have been difficult to make an assertion more at variance with the fact. I saw the city thoroughly at that time ; and save for the display of a score or so more flags than usual, there was nothing, absolutely nothing, either in the people or the place which differed from their ordinary business-like " go-ahead " aspect. I have seen again and again this carni- val comparison, or others like it, used by British writers in reference to us, evidently with the loose and perhaps not really ill-natured purpose of writing something striking about the Yankees—with the result, however, of pro- ducing an opinion abroad that we are a singu- larly extravagant, excitable, and demonstrative people, than which no notion of us could be more incorrect. I can remember New York for more than twenty years, and I go much about it daily, and never did I see anything like carnival conduct. On great occasions there are great throngs, but they are always rather sober than joyous in their bearing. A carnival! Why, we can't get up a procession or open a great exhi- bition in a style that would not make a French- man or an Italian smile with pity, and think it like a shabby funeral ; for we take our public, pleasures " moult tristement," as our forefathers did 400 years ago. But though not excitable, we are sensitive and anxious, as the experience of the past week, to which I have above referred, shows. Our circumstances make us as a people more apprehensive, more " troubled with thick coming fancies" than we should have been if we had remained in the old home. This is largely due to the wide diffusion of intelli- gence and education among us, as well as to the fact in great emergencies every man here feels a direct interest in, and a re- sponsibility for public affairs. A people elevated is a people sobered. To create in men the needs of an advanced civilization, without the stability given by fixed social status and large accumulated wealth, is to make them eager, and anxious, and sensitive about their affairs, public as well as private. And so we " Americans" live our stirring and uncertain life, with confidence disturbed and apprehension quickened by brooding upon those noble cares that are born of knowledge. MONUMENT TO A PIG.—Up to the present time," says the Europe of Frankfort, " no monument that we are aware of had ever been erected to the memory of a pig. The town of Luneburg, in Hanover, hasyvishedto fill up that blank. and at'theHôtel de Ville in that town there is to he seen a kind of mausoleum to the memory of a member of the swinish race. In the interior of that commemorative structure is to be seen a glass case, in- closing a ham still in good preservation, A slab of black marble attracts the eyes of visitors, who find thereon the following inscription in Latin, engraved in letters of gold is Passer-by, contemplate here the" , mortal remains of the pig which acquired for itself a imperishable glory by the discovery of the East brings ofXlW}rorg.,t.'i. ' 6 '. ".' J- ;." no;.-.- one', LL, i . Moosb HuntING. After paddling a couple of miles, we found the arbored mouth of the little Malahoodua River, famous for moose. We had been on the look- out for it, and I was amused to hear one of the hunters say to the other, to assure himself of his familiarity with the sport, "You drove the West Branch last spring, didn't you? " as one of us might ask about a horse. We did not explore the Mala foods far, but left the other birch to thread its cedared solitudes, while we turned back to try our fortunes in the larger stream. We paddled on about four miles further, lingering now and then opposite the black mouth of a moose path. The incidents of our voyage were few, but quite as exciting and profitable as the items of the newspapers. A stray log compensated very well for the ordinary run of accidents, and the floating carcass of a moose which we met could pass muster instead of a singular discovery of human remains by workmen in digging a cellar. Once or twice we saw what seemed ghosts of trees ; but they turned out to be dead cedars in winding sheets of long grey moss, made spectral by the moonlight. Just as we were turning to drift back down-stream, we heard a loud gnawing sound close by us on the bank. One of our guides thought it a hedgehog, the other a bear. I inclined to the bear, as making the adventure more imposing. A rifle was fired at the sound, which began again with the most provoking indifference, ere the echo, flaring madly at first from, shore to shore, died far away in a hoarse sigh. Half-past eleven, p.m. No sign of a moose yet. The birch, it seems, was strained at the Carry, or the pitch was softened as she lay on the shore during dinner, and she looks a little. If there be any virtue in the sighed, I shall discover it. If I can- not extract green cucumbers from the moon's rays, I get something quite as cool. One of the guides shivers so as to shake the birch. Quarter to twelve. Later from the Freshes ! The water in the birch is about three inches deep, but the dampness reaches already to the waist. I am obliged to remove the matches from the ground floor of my trousers into the upper story of a breast- pocket. Meanwhile we are to sit immovable for fear of frightening the moose, which induces cramps. Half-past twelve clashing is heard on the left bank. This is a moose in good earnest. We are besought to hold our breaths, if possible. My fingers so numb, I could not, if I tried. Crash crash again, and then a plunge, followed by dead stillness. " Swirnmin' creek," whispers guide, suppressing all unnecessary ports of speech, " don't stir." I, for one am not likely to. A cold fog which has been gathering for the last hour has finished me. fancy myself one of those naked pigs that seem rushing out of market-doors in winter, frozen in a ghastly attitude of gallop. If I were to be shot myself, I should feel no interest in it. As it is, I am only a spectator, having declined a gun. Splash ! again ; this time the moose is in sight, and click ! click ! one rifle misses fire after the other. The fog has quietly spiked our batteries. The moose goes crushing up the bank, and presently we can hear it chewing its head close by. So we lie in wait freezing. At one o'clock I propose to land at a deserted wongen I had noticed on the way up, where I will make a fire and leave them to refrigerate as much longer as they please. Axe in hand, I go plunging through waist-deep weeds dripping with dew, haunted by an intense conviction that the gnawing sound we had heard was a bear, and a bear at least eighteen hands high. There is something pokerish about a deserted dwelling, even in broad daylight ; but here in the obscure wood and the moon filtering unwillingly through the trees ! Well, I made the door at last, and found the place packed fuller with darkness than it ever had been with hay. Gradually I was able to make things out a little, and began to hack frozenly at a log which I groped out. I was relieved presently by one of the guides. He cut at once into one of the uprights of the building till he got some dry splinters, and we soon had a fire like the burning of a whole wood-wharf in our part of the country. My companion went back to the birch, and left me to keep house. First I knocked a hole in the roof (which the fire began to lick in a relishing way for a chimney, and then cleared away a damp growth of " pison elder," to make a sleeping-place. When the unsuccessful hunters returned, I had everything quite comfortable, and was steaming at the rate of about ten-horse power a minute. Young Telemachus was sorry to give up the moose so soon, and, with the teeth that tering almost Out of his head, he declared that he would like to stick it out all night. However, he i reconciled himself to the fire, and, making our bed of some "spirits" which we poked from the roof, we lay down at half-past two. I, who have inherited a habit of looking into every closet before I go to bed, for fear of fire, had become in two days such a stoic of the woods, that I went to sleep tranquilly, certain, that my bedroom would be in a blaze before morning. And so, indeed, it was and the withes that bound it together being burned off, one of the sides fell in without waking me. Tuesday, 16. After a sleep of two hours and a half, so sound that it was as good as eight we started at half-past four for the hay- makers' camp again. We found them just getting breakfast. We sat down upon the deacon-seat before the fire blazing between the bedroom and salle a, manger, which were simply two roofs of spruce bark, sloping to the ground on one side, the other three being left open. We found that we had, at least, been luckier than the other party, for M. had brought back his convoy without even seeing a moose. As there was not room at the table for all of us to breakfast together, these hospit- able woodmen forced us to sit down first, although we resisted stoutly. Our breakfast consisted of fresh bread, fried salt pork, stewed wortleberries, and tea. Our kind hosts refused to take money for it, nor would M. accept anything for his trouble. This seemed even more open-handed when I remembered that they had brought all their stores over the Carry upon their shoulders, paying an ache extra for every pound. If their hospitality lacked anything of hard external polish, it had all the deeper grace which springs only from sincere manliness. I have rarely sat at a table d'hote which might not have taken a lesson from them in essential courtesy. I have never seen a finer race of men. They have all the virtues of the sailor, without that unsteady roll in the gait with which the ocean proclaims itself quite as much in the moral as in the physical habit of man. They appeared to me to have hewn out a short northwest passage through wintry woods to those spice-lands of character which we dwellers in cities must reach, if at all, by weary voyages in the monotonous track of the trades. By the way, as we were searching last evening for our moose-chase, I asked what I was to do with my baggage. "Leave it here," said our guide, and he laid the bags upon a platform of alders, which he bent down to keep them beyond reach of the rising water. " Will they be safe here ? " "As safe as they would be locked up in your house at home." And so I found them at my return ; only the haymakers had carried them to their camp for greater security against the chances of the weather. We got back to Kineo in time for dinner and in the afternoon, the weather being fine went up the mountain. As we landed at the foot, our guide pointed to the remains of a red shirt, and a pair of blanket trousers. "That," said he, "is the reason there's such a trade in ready-made clothes. A suit gits pooty well wore out by the time a camp breaks up in the spring, and the lumberers want to look about right when they come back into the settlement, so they buy something' ready-made, and heave ole bust-up into the bush." True enough, thought I, this is the Ready-made Age. It is quicker being covered than fitted. So we all go to the slop shop and come out uniformed, every mother's son with habits of thinking and doing cut on one pattern, with no special reference to his peculiar build.-" A Moosehcad Journal," in Fireside Travels. THE PRESIDENT AND GENERAL GRANT.—Mr. Lin- coln has wisely published a correspondence with General Grant—a correspondence exceedingly credit- able to both parties—which at least disproves com- pletely the foolish stories that have been circulated about civilian interference with the Lieutenant- General's plans. It is dated April 30, before the opening of the spring campaign. " The particulars of your plans," says Mr. Lincoln, " I neither know nor seek to know. You are vigilant and self-reliant ; and pleased with this I wish not to obtrude any restraints or constraints upon you." General Grant replies, " From my first entrance into the volunteer service of the country to the present day, I have never had cause of complaint, have never expressed or implied a complaint against the Administration or the Secre- tary of War for throwing any embarrassment" in the way of his duty. And he adds, still more strongly, " Since the promotion which placed me in the command of all the armies, I have been astonished at the readiness with which everything asked for has been yielded without even an explana- tion being asked. Should my success be less than I desire and expect, the least I can say is that the fault is not with you." This is a manly assumption of full responsibility, and certainly General Grant has shown that his plans were widely conceived, and that he knows how to choose soldiers who are his own equals to execute them. The military genius of the late General Macpherson, of General Sherman, and General Sheridan, was called out, appreciated, and put into due prominence under his own immediate eye.—Spectator, October 8. 