THEATRE ROYAL-. As we stated in our last week's issue' wa3 to be- - tha eagfl, the first of tha' series of 'Mr. Sn2Mvan's 'se cond revitals.'of Shakspparc's plays, ?? HamfeS,,' was; - presented on SatartJaj evening last, at the Eoyal, to» . a house crowded in every part. On this occasSsna '''',? Mr, Sullivan has fairly outshone all his previous'. .' efforts m the way of scenic display and general com pleteness. Never before has it been the. lot of '.'.'., residents in Victoria to see .placet! on- tne- .'.'.'. stage of a theatre a play in whioii there* hao beon so little cause for fault-finffiragv j;- Every piece of the scenery is new, and bears on it fee* ' ' marks of the ttsnaJ intelligence with which the scenic , : artists of the establishment havo executed the park of the duties entrusted to them. As to the acting,: little can be added to what haff already been written ?'??- abont Mr Snlliyan's Hamlet. Asf a whole, his ina- ? personation of tho part ia as perfect && those who ' have not seen tho new light, Mr Fechter, can imagine) it possible to make it. Every word and gestures has a signification of its own, whioh on analysatiom - will be found to bear some relation to the plo'. of feh.6- play. Mrs Heir's Queenia acceptable, were it only foir the touches of womanly tenderness shes throws1 into the scene with Hamlet, in the bedchamber scene. Miss Carry George, as Ophelia, shows beyond doubt that she has both power and intelli- . geuce sufficient to enable her to cope with ohoractesa more pretentious than those in which she first ap peared in Melbourne. Mr Fitzgerald is a very manly exponent of the part of Laertes; andl Mr Heir wonld be more acceptable aa tho Ghost, if he would but pitch his voice im a sufficiently loud key to enable tba- audience to hear it. Mr Lawrence deserves' commendation for the interest with which he invests the too often neglected part of the First Actor. - Poloniw is one of Mr Lambert's best Shakspeariah parts ; and Mr Harwood gives to the Gravedigg&t; a considerable amount of prominence. ' Hamlet ' ia to be performed to-night and during next week. Oa Saturday next, we believe, ' Richard III.' will bo produced, also with entirely new scenery and efteots Last night, ' The Love Chase' was performed, Mr Sullivan suffering from a slight indisposition. Mr Heir was the Wildrahc ; and Mrs Heir Con~ stance. The parts of Widow Green and Sir William Fondlove were well filled by Mrs Wooldriigfiaad Mr Lambert respectively. 