HOW MY HAIR BECAME GRAY. Ffrom once a .week,] We had been reading 'The Prisoner of Chil lon,' and after we had finished that most exquisite poem, one of our party, a sprightly youDg girj, a cousin of mine, repealing the opening lines — 'My hair is gray, but hot with years ; ',: Nor grew it white . In a single night, As men s have grown trom sudden tears, — 'I wonder,' she asked, ' if anybody's hair ever turned white from fear? I don't. beliove it. Gra cious ! anything bo horrible as to. effect that sudden change . would kill me outright. I feel my hair bristling this minute at the thought.' I laughed, but making no reply, she turned to me, — : ' I declare, Maggie, now I think of it, :your hair is as white as snow, and has been, as long as evor I remember you. May be you Baw a ghost, or some thing dreadful that made it.Bo. You know, I don't mean to say,' she continued, looking, round tho party with a malicious twinkle in her laughing eye, ' that you are just now too young to be gray ; but let me see, I think it is ten years since we came from India, and; that I first met my sobbr cousin Mag, and positively then you were as white as you are to-day, and I quite remember, as a little child, at that time wondering that you didn't wear a wig.' ' I have been gray,' I replied quietly, ' sinoe I was seventeen years of age.' ' You don't mean to toll us so 1' Well now 1' and come such expressions, broke from nearly the entire group simultaneously. ' Come now, like a dear, good Maggie as you are,' exclaimed my cousin, who' had introduced tho topic, seating herself suddenly on a stool at my feet, and clasping me round the knees, 'tell us all about it. What was it ? How did it happen ?' , We were a pleasant party that evening.1 .. I was on, a visit at the time with my cousins, who lived in & pretty place in Devonshire. Just then 'twas winter, and we gathered round the fire, and had been, as I have said, listening to one of our number who read out Lord Byron's poem. The question thus put to me, and the topio that started it, aweke a train of troubled thought that had long slumbered, and called back days that, for the most part, were bright and happy, save for one terrible episode that made me shudder as it forced itself with more than ordinary ! vividness upon my recollection. I remained musing' and looking into the fire for a few minutes, until my restless cousin roused me up by an energetic; ''? push.' '?'..'. ? . '.?'...':' '-?..''. ' .' ' Come, Mag, don't go to sleep; how did your , hair get gray ? Did it grow so naturally ?' .''..No,' I answered at length, 'it did not. I could answer your first inquiry in the affirmative, and tell. you that it is quite, true: great fear eais effect the marvellous alteration, and that in a yeaj short time.' , ' ? .',''!'..,.'. I spoke, I believe, in a solemn tone, though not intentionally, and it was in a subdued, half- ! frightened voice that I was again importuned to toll them what had happened. Some one proposed to put out the lamp, but my cousin, who had laid her head in my lap to listen, starting up, exclaimed, ' For mercy's sake don't ; I'm in, a tremor already.; I couldn't atay in the dark. It must be an .awlaSr business this.' ''.?...???.:???? -;-., ,-. .? ; I told them, then and there, that' one. passage from my past life; and a few. days after,. while. it - was still fresh upon my mind, I committed it ito.. paper, as I thought it might possibly interest others. too, and I felt that I might perhaps more readily,1', banish the. unpleasant memories evoked, that wan dered now with such disturbing force through my. brain, once I had put the whole. . thing down in black and white. I am not going to write a regular o ..; autobiography, and will- therefore refer to my per- : sonal history onlyin so far as it may be neoessary: ;( to illustrate the incident I am relating : — . . , . . ;' :, jj I was the only child of an officer',- and was born, ?., in India, and seemed so tender a plant that the.phyr; :?.-. sicians at once ordered me to be taken to Europe, -j as tho only chance for saving my life. My mother^ ? I have heard, was distracted at the necessity thus. ,i imposed, tho more so as she could not accompany . ,. me, for my father at the time was in indifferent health,.and it was impossible for her to leave , him, and an application that he made for permission, as an invalid, to return was refused; consequently ' there was nothing for it but to send me home under' as careful an escort as could be procured, and this' was provided for in the person of my own nurse, ? who had been for a long time a servant in my - mother's family, while, as care-taker of both, a young ' man accompanied us, a blaok, of the name of Parks. : My destination was with my aunt, Mrs Osborne, who was a widow in very independent circumstances,1 and my father's only sister. ' At that time she ' resided at a beautiful place1 called Blackwater ; Lodge, on the river of the same name, and that was' ' situated just outside, little more than a mile distant - from^the romantic and beautiful town of M- yin ' the south of Ireland. ; ' -; ' Our household at the lodge, ,at the date to whieb; :''; I refer, consisted of the hbuaemaid Susan, an excel-;' ; lent good young woman, who was held in great ;) esteem by my aunt, and was a special favorite of '; mine; the cook, Mrs Gwynne, an old and faithful -' ' follower of the. family; with Parks tho ' blaok, who '' '- had come over with me from abroad, and who,': ' while my nurse returned to India, readily consented, to engage in my aunt's service, and very soon set- ''?' tied down into the trusted domestic. '?????''? ??-.' I must say a few. words about this remarkable '? personage. I have no idea of his origin, or where '\l my father picked him up, but I have heard that he thought very highly of him. While he had all the ;[ negro stamp of. appearance, suoh as ' the woolly .; head, jet black complexion, thick lips, with bril- ' liantly white teeth, he had nothing of the acoent, ' and spoke English with as clear and correct an in- :i tonation as though he had been born and reared in Great Britain. He professed the Protestant reli- ' gion, which, as all the other servants were Roman ' Catholics, made him, joined with his colbrj an ob- ' ject of half fear, half dislike. My aunt oame soon to regard him with the highest esteem, and trusted'1 him implicitly. Ho acted as butler and ooaohmatt, and superintended in general all matters within and' without; in fact, was a sort of major domo in aunt ' Osborne's establishment. I cannot say for myself that I ever cared very much for Parks ; as a child, I know, I delighted in him ; used to rub my hands through his woolly curls, and try to pull out the hairs, and often compelled him to submit to sundry;' ? ablutions on his face, to see if I could at all wash1' him white, while he occasionally relaxed, for my benefit, from his uniform Btaid and sober deport- ' ment (for tall, and full in form as he grew older, he was a very model of servant-like propriety), and enchanted mo with imitations of! 'the blaoks' broken patois and peculiarities of manner, ? in whioK ho marvellously excelled. But it, was as I passed into riper years that I someway got to dislikp Parks* His manner, though always respeotful, was often moody and repellant; and probably Susan, the housemaid's positive hatred of him, which she took no trouble to conceal, may have strengthened the feeling. One unfavourable phase of his charaoter Susan constantly harped on— his extreme close ness. .. ; . . .-' .- .;.' i, His wages were very liberal, and I knew were drawn to tbe day, and lodged in the bank, for I had heard aunt remark on , this habit ; and the housemaid often dwelt with irritation on all he'd squeeze out of his weekly allowance, and the mean ness of his ways, she Baid, to save a halfpenny. We had one other servant, an outside man, who did up the horses, took care of yard and stables, and occasionally worked in the garden, with a helper under him. , , . At the time with which 1 am just now con cerned, a middle-aged person; of the name of Brien— Timothy Brien— hold this post of half stableman, half gardener, and lived with his old mother in a small gate-house that was : at ono of . the entranoes to Blaokwater Lodge; for compara tively small as was tho residence, it commanded; two approaches: the one, at the termination' -of . which the gardener always lived, was generally called the Laurel Walk, and led more direotly, to tho town ; the other, though unprovided with the , appendage of a lodge, formed the more frequent ., carriage-way to and from the house. ; ' ; As I have already said, the situation of ray ( aunt's residence was most beautiful ; tho piotu jresque and far-famed Blaokwater ran nearly at the foot of the lawn. Through the trees that skirted the entire grounds advantageous openings had been made, that' afforded exquisite views of mountain, ?wood, and richly cultivated 'level, country, while immediately around the houso the planting was thick and tastefully arranged. The Laurel Walk, which was a favorite promenade, was to the left of the residence, arid from it branched off two other ?walks or passages, one to the back; premises of the residence, the other to the gardens ; in fact, it was, as agreeable a retreat as cotild well have have been found, sequestered enough for all convenient privacy, yet sufficiently near a very. fair town to prevent one feelingly lonely. About' the period of which I write, when I was just seventeen, the country around us was terribly disturbed; indeed the whole south of Ireland was in a' flame of -disaffection. The Whiteboys, as they were called with us, elsewhere the Terryalts, were enrolled and organised in alarming numbers. I remember of ten seeing them, on light nights, from the upper windows, with 'white bands round their bats, that gave them the appearance of a troop of mourners: at a funeral, marching with funeral preoision along a valley not far distant, and filing off to a small wood, where they were in the habit of holding an almost nightly rendezvous. A general impression was abroad that we. were about to have a reourrenoe of the terrible days of '98, and our small town (it had at all times a company of soldiers stationed there) was strongly garrisoned. Of attacks upon neighboring mansions we con tinually heard ; but as in every instance these were for arms, and only attempted where' such were known to be, we felt more equanimity than might have been supposed, considering there was so much disturbance around us. She never allowed even a servant to have fire arms of any kind, declaring that she thought it the safest way. We had, to be sure, such precautions taken as at the period were universally adopted, strong iron bars fixed outside to all the lower win dows, and so : close that, as Parks observed, ' a mouse couldn't get in or out,' and those gave onr habitation very much the appearnnce of a gaol ; and, besides, new and more substantial internal fastenings were procured for the back and front doors ; and to those aunt Osborne triumphantly pointed when remonstrated .with on onr lonely position, and reminded, moreover, that she wasr' well known to be wealthy, and possessed of a large quantity of plate and jewels of great 'value,, and that in these troubled days desperadoes of every description were going about in plenty, so that an attack upon us, even though we, had no firearms to attract the cupidity of the rebels, might neverthe less be by no means an improbable thing. Once or twice aunt thought of lodging the plate and other valuables in the bank, until the present storm blew over, but was always dissuaded by Parks, who maintained that 'there was no fear in the .world ;' . nor, indeed, did we ourselves entertain the least. ', r One day I well remember. Mrs Osborne had gone out to pay a distant visit, and would not be fcaolr, she told mo till late. Parks, of course, had driven the carnage. Mrs Gwynne, our cook, was at the time in the hospital of the town, slowly re covering from a long and severe attack of fever. Susan had undertaken to do all the work during the cook's illness, so as to obviate the necessity of any temporary hand being employed, as my aunt dis liked new people about her m the servant line ; so that the housemaid and myself were the only oc cupants of the house. I had a very bad; cold, and was .unable to accompany my aunt, as I otherwise ? should. It was near the. end of the day, a dull, gloomy one in the month of- November. I was standing close to the window reading, trying to catch the last remnant of the waning light, and deeply absorbed in my book. I was suddenly startled from my pursuit by a dark shadow from outside quite blocking up the window. I gazed in terror, and sawamanion the grass-plot just under the casement, looking oarnestly in. ?-. All the front windows were low, reaching to the ground. The book dropped from my hand as I hastily retreated, and with difficulty suppressed a scream. He made a motion to me with his hand, put his finger on his lip to intimate ' silence, . and pointed to the hall- door, implying that he wished me to go to it. On a closer scrutiny I recognised, to my surprise, the Eoman Catholio priest of the parish, a person I had several times met upon the road, and who always seemed very civil. I had heard too that he was a man greatly beloved by his own flock. Somewhat reas sured, yet still nervous and excited, and curious, to Trnnw thn nhiflfifc of this nniisual and \titei null: T hastened to the door in obedience to his sign. When I opened it he seemed disappointed, as in the dusky twilight he had evidently mistakon me for my aunt. 'Is Mrs Osborne in?' he asked, in a low, hurried voice. ? ' No, sir,' I replied ; 'but I am expecting her evory moment.' . . ' Oh, indeed ! ' and then lie stood on the step as if .in thought for a minute. ' Who elsie is in the houso ? ' he asked abruptly. . 'No one jast just now,' I said, ' but Susan, the honsemaid ; Mrs Grwynno is in the hospital.' 'Yes, I know she is; just a3 well, perhaps. Look, young lady,' he resumed, ' get me a bit of paper and I'-P. write the message I want to leave for Mrs Odborne, and be quick, please.' ' If you'll come this way,' I replied, ' I'll get it for you,' and he followed me into the sitting room. ^A.pheet of letter-paper was lying on the table. ' ' ' Here, this will do,' and he took it up, a»'l tearing it across, folded one half of it into tne form of an note. 'I have a pencil,' ho said, aad takincr a hnnk in hin himd as a surmort for the note. he went up to the window, and with his eyes close to the paper to get the full benefit of the last gleam of light, he wrote a few lines rapidly, stand iflR with his back to me ; ho then turned round and said in the same sharp, quick tones that ho had employed from the first, ' I must seal this ; can you get me out a bit of wax ?' 1 supplied him at onco, and twisting tho remainder of tbe sheet of paper into a match, ho lit it at the fire, 'hold this a moment if you pleaso.' I held the burning paper for him, and as its transient glare fell upon his features while ho sealed the nate, I observed that Ihb usually ruddy and good-humored face had an anxious, careworn aspect, and that he appeared pale anii thin ; as ho looked up and caught my eye curiously fixed on him, ' Tako care,' he said, you'll bum your fingers ; ' and taking the nearly consumed paper match from my hand, he flung it unceremonously on. tho enrpot, extinguiohing it with the heel of his boot. ' Yon know who I am, I suppose ?' he inquired. ? «' Yes,' I replied, ' Father Malachi.' ?' Well,' said be, sinking his voioe into an omin ous whisper; ' be sure to give that note into Mrs Osborne's own hand ; she's your aunt, I be lieve?' ' Yes.' \l And, young lady,' he continued, ' I'll take it as : a favor if you'll not mention to any one, Susan the maid, or any one else, this visit of mine, and tell Mrs Osborne the same.' I promised him on the word of a lady that I would not. ' . ' ! ?? xnanK you— gooa mgnt, ana dragging his hat that he had not, during his short stay, removed at all from his head, down over his brows, and wrapping the long camlet cloak that he wore closely round him, he strode out at the door, down the Laurel Walk, and was soon lost in the darkness. I remained standing in the room after I had closed the hall-door, frightened and perplexed at this mysterious visit, and wondering what the sealed note for my aunt might disclose. Soon I heard the sound of the carriage-wheels advancing, and I quickly threw off the. timidity and abstraction I was sure my countenance would betray, and met aunt Osborne as if nothing had occurred. I kept ? the note safely, and did not tell her about it until we were alone after dinner. I then gave it, men tioning the circumstances under which it had been entrusted to mo, as well as the accompanying can-: tioa of silence in regard to the writer. My aunt Beemed considerably surprised at what I told her, and hastily opened the. strange missive; I noticed that she looked pained arid perplexed as she read it, and holding the paper for several minutes in her hand, she continued gazing in silence into the fire. '.' Do you know the contents of this note ? ' she asked at length, pointing to the note. 'No,' I said; 'he told me nothing about it.' -.??,. She handed it to me without a word ; it ran as follows :? — 'Madam, — Prom circumstances that have lately come to my knowledge, through whom, or in what way I am not at liberty to mention, I have reason to believe that corsiderable danger threatens you, ami that from a quarter that you perhaps may least ap ^prehend; you will understandjthat a parish priest is pf ten bound to secrecy by the most sacred obliga tiopsj and I am almost breaking through the limits of official discretion and reserve in conveying this intimation. I therefore reckon confidently on'yonr closest silence ; act, but don't speak ; lose no time in removing from your house to some safe custody the valuables that would, tempt an assailant, and this may probably avert the peril ; above all, let me imperatively urge upon you not to convey the faintest hint to a single servant in your house, that you have been in any way warned. — I am your well-wisher, ? ' Pray burn this.' . '' ' Well,' asked Aunt Oaborne, ' what do you think of that ?' ' Think of it?' I exclauned in horror, ' why, if I were you I'd go, bag and baggage, into lodgings in M ? to-morrow., and I'd put everything worth twopence in the bank, under Mr Gregory's care. I shan't have an easy moment here now, and the long dark nights coming on.' . ?' Oh, nonsense !' replied Mrs Osborne, ' I'm not a bit afraid of any one out here. I shall certainly see to-morrow, though, about lodging the plate and some others in the bank ; only I mustn't say a word to Parks— he would be quite offended.' ' What on earth,' I said, ' can Father Malachi mean by danger from a quarter that we don't sus pect. Is'nt that what he says ?' and I glanced again at his note. ' I suppose he means that it is the Whiteboys will attack us for money, though wo haven't arms. Indeed, I heard tho other day, I now remember, that they did break into 6ne or to houses near Cork, for money alone ; they want it, I suppose, to help out their shocking projects ; any way, I'll consult Mr Gregory in the morning about the whole matter, and whether it might not be well to have a gun or pistol, or something or other for Parks, in case anything should happen : and by the way, Maggie, I promised to take Mrs Gregory for a drive to-morrow, and said that we'd have an early dinner with them after, and he told me that he'd come home with us in the evening if we were at all afraid. I hope your cold will be well enough, and we can then settle about this business ; possibly it might be better to move into the town for the winter. I must toke care, though, and not betray the trust that poor Father Malachi has so, kindly leposed in us; I deolare it was a very good thing of him to do, more than I should have expected.' And so saying, she threw bis note into the fire. ? ' Why then,' I rejoined, ' I'd almost wish that he had kept his letter to himself, he has terrified me so with it.' Various conjectures and plans were expressed and discussed that evening ; at one time we thought of going to Father Malaohi the next day and ques tioning him more closely, but then abandoned the idea, as it might implioate him, and be a bad return for the favor he had shown. I also succeeded in diverting my auntfrom the intention she had half adopted of confidentially disclosing the purport of the priest's letter, and how it reaohed her, to Mr Gregory, when consulting him as to what prudent steps we ought to take, for I maintained that would be a broach of faith, and it would answer quite as well to impute our apprehonsions to the restless state of things in the country ; and to this aunt ultimately agreed. . The next day, my cold was too heavy to think of venturing out. Aunt Osborno wanted to forego her intontion of remaining to dinner; I insisted how ever on her abiding by the original arrangement, but she promised that sho would be hon a as early as possible. She left soon after breakfast, as she wished to go to the hospital to take some things to Mrs Gwynuo, and had other places to call at before going to Gregory's at the bank. Tho earlier part ?'? of the moraing I employed myself writing, and then settled down at my favorite seat in the win dow that nearly faced tho Laurel Walk, over the same book I had been reading on the preceding day. Susan sometimes came in to look about the ; fire, er to talk with me a little, as sho said she was afraid I might be lonely, and on one of these ocoa sions as sho stood by my chair, — | ' Oh ! Miss Maggie,' she exolaimed, ' if hero isn't Mike the pedlar coming up the walk. No, 'tisn't Mike,' she addod, aa she looked out moro olosely, ?' but 'tis a pedlar, anyhow, 'and I'm ia sich a way for a comb for the back of my head.' Poor Susan had a regular penchant for pedlars : she'd rather buy from one of these itinerant hawkers, than at any shop in the town. I objected strongly to a strange man at such times being at all encouraged about the place, especially in Mrs Osborne's absence ; but the servant pleaded so hard, and said that she might be able to make a bargain with the fellow, for an old shawl she had to dispose of, that I could not find it in my heart to refuse her. I insisted, however, that he should come to the front|door, as I would not hear of any stragglers being admitted into the back-yard or kitchen. Meanwhile, the man had advanced slowly wita nis pacK towards tne house ; he seemed to me to be more tardy in his movements than the apparent weight of his load would have warranted ; but probably, I thought, ho has travelled some dis tance. As he came to the window and touched his hat civilly, he looked, I fancied, weary. I motioned him to tho hall door, and very soon Susan was on her knees in the hall closely examining the contents of his pack, and trying to strike a bar gain for some of his goods : there was altogether a multifarious assortment, ballads, some pictures in little tawdry gilt frames, boot-laces, combs, rings, brooohes, and other feminine decorations, but little that was useful. I remained in the hall while Susan was engaged with him, partly for amuse ment, as well that I did not wish a stranger to be tbire alone, with only the servant. I could not help noticing in the man a listless indifference about selling bio wares, while an occasional eagerness wa's manifestly assumed. I at first imputed this to the apathy arising, from fatigue, until I observed, with considerable uneasiness, a restless movement of his in every direction ; now a glance into the room behind him, then towards the dining-room, again upstairs ; while, when I once asked Susan what caused snch a bitter wind, that surely she had not left the baok-door open, and when she answered that she was obliged, the kitchen smoked so, I thought I could detect at once upon the pedlar's face a look of inquisitive and excited curiosity, as he said, 'Smoke, does it ? Jast let me« look at it, and I'll cure it for you.' I instantly and decidedly declined, somewhat to Susan's surprise, who would have admitted him, I doubt not, at once. I had one desire now, to get the fellew out ; in fact I inwardly trembled with apprehension until he was clean off; and at last, to my inexpressible relief, he gathered up his goods after the servant had paid for her purchases, and trudged down the^walk by which he had come. We both stood at the window watching him, while two or three times he looked back, as though to see it we were still there, when soon the turn in the avenue hid him from view. Susan remained with me awhile descanting on the cheapness and excel lence of the articles whioh sho had bought. I gave little heed to her encomiums, uneasy thoughts about that man were running in my mind, and I told the housmaid that I did not at all like his way or appearance, and that I was sure I'd dream of him that night. I forget how the rest of the day passed : I had a kind of luncheon dinner, and remained after it, sitting by the fire in the twilight in a dreamy doae; for my cold was oppressive. When Susan lifc'tlae candles and drew the ourtains, stirred up the fire, and made the room comfortable, Ttook tho small candle that she had, to get some work up-stairs. At the top of the last flight, and near the door of my aunt's room, there was a sort arched recess, where cloaks and other stray articles of that description were hung ; and as I reached the landing, I was attracted by the motion of one of these, a cloak, I believe it was. I thought, I remember, that the lobby window must be open, and that a breeze from it shook the garment. I turned to see, and then, at a loss to understand what it could be, I wus about lo move into the recess itself to examine more closely, when I be came rooted to the spot, on observing quite dis tinctly the outline of a figure in a dark heavy wrap of Mrs Osborne's ; it seemed to me as if he must have hurriedly folded it round him, pro bably on hearing my stepjj for it was clumsily managed. One foot projected, quite uncovered, arid I at once recognised a peculiar kind of boot that I had noticed on the pedlar when in the hall in tho day. I know not how I kept from instantly betraying the startling discovery by a loud soream ; my heart leaped to my throat, but I gained sufficient command over myself to pass on into my room, and atter a moment's delay, returning, I went down, with as little appearance of haste as I could manage, though with a creeping shudder as I passed by the spot where the robber was hidden. Near the foot of the stairs I met Susan ooming up. Laying my hand on her arm, I whispered, ' Come with me.' Unfortunately, my pale face'so alarmed her that in a loud voice she cried, ' Lord ! Miss' Maggie, what is it?' (To ba continued). The alleged Kidnapping of Dr. Livingstone's Son. — A correspondent of the New York Herald writes : — ' Several letters from Dr. Livingstone to his son have been received at the State depart ment, and these letters repeated the statement that young Livingstone had been kidnapped, and abused this Government quite roundly. The State depart ment referred the matter to the War department, and it was ordered that an inquiry should be made and the facts reported, so that they might be communicated to Dr. Livingstone. The report forwarded from the army to the War department showed, in substance, that young Livingstone, who seems as adventurous as his father, had enlisted, and was one of the best soldiers in his regiment. Indeed, so excellent was his conduct, that he had been promoted to a sergeantcy within a month after his enlistment. All the officers spoke well of him. Details of fact concerning the alleged kidnapping could not be given, however, as Sergeant Livingstone, much to the regret of his comrades, had been taken prisoner by tho enemy a few days before tho report was made. It is to be hoped that our gallant army will soon release him, with thousands of other captives.' In the Fhenoh Legislature, lately, the follow ing passage delivered by M, Thuiller was loudly applauded :— ' Some would have an English King — a King who does not govern. France, however, does not wish this. She desires a sovereign who can wiold the sword, while reigning ovor and governing France. Let us pray to God long to preserve bis life,' 