DEATII OF 1IENRY KINDER. CHARGE OF MURDER. ( From the Sydney Morning Ilerald.) Henry Louis Beutrani), 25. dentist, lately carrying on linaiuoaa in Syitnoy, and Jnno II oil I'll nil, (21), ids wife, were oti Wodnosdny, tlio 29th ultimo, brought before the Wat or Police "Magistrate and Mr. G R. iUliott, J.T., on a clini'gu that tlioy did at bi. Leonards in tlio district of Sydney, oil or about tlio 2nd Octo ber lust, fuloiiioiisly," wilfiillv, and with mnlico nforo- thouglit, kill and mui'dor Henry Kindor. Maria Helen Kinder (apparently about thirty years of ago), tlio wile of ducunsed, wns at the same time charged with buing nn accessory to tlio murder. Henry Louis Bortranil, who bad beua removed under writ of habeas corpus from Darliiighnrst gaol' (where lie was undergoing a sentence — in default of sureties to keep the- ponce — for using threatening lan guage to a Airs. Robertson,) was, on tlio morning of the 29tli, arrested at tlio Dni'Iinghurst poiico station, by iloteotive Elliott; on the present charge. AVlion tliu warrant wns rend to him, ho said " It's rather a lioavy charge." Elliott asked " Am I to take that as your answer to the ehnrgo?" Burtrnnd rejoined, " Am I on my trial now ?" Elliott said, "No, I am only stating to yon tliu charge." Bortratid added— " Aiy reply to it is — Not Guilty." I'risoners were remanded until Monday, December -Itit. Jfr. Butler, in opening tlio case for the Grown, re ferred to tlie nature of the ovidunce intended to lie adduced, in order that tliuir Worships might under stand tliu relation of its parts, and judgo of their effect as tlio evidenco was in course (if liuaring. Tliu principal evidence ns to Bortrnml and his wife would be admissions made . by tliom, taken in connection witli otlior testimony. Tlio motivo for the crime would bo tlmt even during the life time of tho bus- band alleged to lmvo been murdered, there wns a personal intimacy nud perhaps nil illicit inter course botweon Uortrand and Airs. Kinder. Aftor the death of Kinder, anil when Alts. Kinder liiul gono to reside nt Batluirst, what was called a journal or diary wns kept by Burtrnnd, it being nil under standing between tliem Hint lie should jot down his thoughts, fuolings, and tho events of tlio day fur lior perusal when tlioy should meet again. From entries in this diary it would bo clearly seen that it wns liis intention to procure n divorce from bis prosuut wife, and to marry Airs. Kinder; tlio very first entry wns in n most impassioned strain. Ho talked of Iter as ins wife, and of " sweeping away, ns with a scimitar, his onomies," or those who should " stop between her love and him," " Think kindly of ine — of my groat failings," it procoeded — "sco what I linvo douo for theo — for my, for our love; think of that, and douht uio if you can." In reference to tho prosecu tion of Jackson, and his committal to prison for soud- in'g a threatening letter, there wns an ontry to this ell'eot: — "It pleased me — I am sntisflod— thus onco more perish my onomius. Ho is disposed of for tlio present — are you sorry? COiuu homo. The first tiling Jnno did was to tell me Hint nftor all our quarrel with regard to your laughing nt Jackson, yon, while I wns in Court, laughed oponiy nt him. Did you do so? — if so, you will bo his ruin, tor I havo not done with him yet. Why will you enrage nie ? I culled on Cooper, ut tho City Butilc." It might- bo necessary to uxplaia that grounds would lie found for imputing to Jackson an iutiinncy witli Airs. Kinder, ami that llortrand, having an affection for the woman, liecnmo jealous of this man on account of his nnteeoduut relations with Airs, Kinder whilst they were living in Now Zunlnml. In auotliui' entry lie said — "I am now by my own ngoaios paying a debt to ictribiitivo justice; how or what I lmvo made others suffer, God only knows ; but if 1 lmvo I Imve richly deservod nil I feel, nnd you my love, havo you net done the snmo'." Wliui this rolatud to was a i natter of inference taken in connexion with other facts aiul circumstances tlmt would bo (ifiered ill evidence. In rofcruiieo to tlio intention of goting a divorce, ho said, "Dream of the future, for do wo not Loth leak forward to repent our sins and make pcacQ with our God ; I am sure lie will help lis to be good if wo try with nil our heart and strength," &o.; 'Then ho sniil, " Thinking of the timo when wo shall meet to part only in death — when will tlmt time arrive ? It approaches slowly, but witli slow steps; but it will eerne, believe me, as surely as yon boliuvo there is a God — 1 lmvo said it. llu said further, " what would life lie without thee, or even the hope of pos sessing theo." In another passage this occurred " I leek back at tliu past, ami I am nlinost astonished nt what I have dared and successfully executed. Can you, after that, say you have not faitli in mo — that I am changed, and that I could care for others beside, tlice?" Then in reference to' her future conduct, lie advised her to bo good, ns it was not too Into to piny to Unit with a true repoiitant heart, adding, " I dare not yet lift up my voieo to 1 li in — I feel I dare not yet ask his for- givenoss — my dear wife, pray for thy husband.'' Tho following would bo inercdildo, oxcopl on tlio supposi tion that Airs. Bortrnml was poi foctly cognisant of his iutiinncy witli Mrs. Kinder'.— "I sponk.n groat deal of my affairs to my dear sister, sho loves mii, aiul is inueh uimeernad about our future ; situ is favornbto to our divorco, and this, undur tho circumstiincosj is tliu most kind thing I can do lor Jnno nnd lor all concorned." Again he said, " AVImt is our luvo if the mure calamity of casual affairs upsets us thus— I should h» iiHhninod of my love, of what I have done for.it, if I knew not different from Hint — that is our oiily excuse oil earth or in Ilunvun for wlmt wo have accompli) lied.1' Then with reference to tlio supposi tion of nntocedont intimacy, lie said, " Do yon, my l'lolon, over dream that wo nro looked in each other's arms once more?" In another part lie snid, in re ference to a person named Bellhou.su having to stopnt ids house, "Aftor that, Airs. Robertson was takou. vory ill and is sloeping witli my slstor. Jane is obligod to sloop with mo; it fouls so strange as I, havo not slept witli hor for a long time — it sooths like sleeping witli soino ono else's wife." AVritiug'in reforencu to liis worlily prospects, ho said, " Aiy heart' ;ots sick and faint when L look inlo the future. God, B this thy retribution for my sins? Did I flatter myself tlmt God would let a wre'eli lilto mo go un- iiinishcd? But I toll tlioo, fate, Iiloi'y tliuu." Spunk—, eg of tho object of tlio diary, ho wrote, " Tills diary |s for tlioe, my Helen." Then ho had a memorandum iu ivliieh lie informed tlio fatbur of Mrs. Kinder of this fouling ho lmd nliout his daughter, and it socniod iiicrodihlu that his sister aiul her t'atliur should, with out any expression of dissent, be aware of this attach ment. Thuro was, however, it appuared, disapproba tion on tho iiiutliui's part. In another entry, ho spoke of being in a heat in Hie harbour, standing on tlia duck liis " f.ico turned towards the little house witli two chimneys, ami thinking of tlio time wlion on tliu wings of love ho flow to tho arms of my beloved, oh my -iiohi't sinks wliun I recall those luippy meetings now gone by." This referred to the time when Airs. Kinder was living with hor husband. "When nono wore by to intorrupt us. Those were lmppy moments nlloyod witli bitter thoughts. How horribly jealous I wns; how could I hear to know tlmt Helen my love belonged to so ne one who had a logal right to do and say anything he liked with her. It drove mo raving mad and I am what I am. I looked around me and saw tho peoplu coming and going ns they used to do, and racked by my thoughts, surely there cnu ho no worse hell than our own cnnseumeo. Advorting to tho lnno wlion Air. Kindor was living ho spoke of a Jfr. Deffrios, saying " Deffrics, wlico I was out witli him. spnko about nn affair, nnd lie snid lie know more of it thnn I imagined ; tlmt ho had watched us, nnd that lie thought it liis duty to speak to mo on thu subject." In nnotliur'untry ho snid ; — "Tlio more they opposo ns, tliu innro will bo my power of resistance. Poor fools, to try ami thwart my will — I who valuo human life so little, nud valuo weupons to be used when required, and then thrown away or destroyed, some of courso being Itopt for fu turo use, if necessary." There wore a groat many statomciits in this diary eouiiucted with liis desire for AIih. Kidner to return to Sydney, and it intimated Hint Mr. Laynrd lind bnan-nslcml-lt) guLnu . hotal .in whieh. to sut .up ill husiuoss, so tlmt tlioy might Imve an opportunity of being near oneh otltbr. Then letters wcru found in liis possession, ami would ho proved tu lie in tho handwriting of Airs. Kinder, scut to him from Biitliurst. By this diary it nppcnrud tlmt ho wsb in Hie habit of corresponding witli iter, but only one of liis letters was found in licr possession ; nnd it would scum tlmt in tliu case of tlio first lie wrote to hor, part of it was intondud for tliu inspection of hor mother, the rest intondod only for bur own oyo, tlio portion intended for tlio mother being sepnrnto but oncluscd. Sho admitted tho receipt of other letters, hut snid tlioy wore destroyed. Her correspondence witli Bertram! would bo produced, disclosing an nltnclmiont qnito asardont on her part ns that outer tai nod ou liis pnrt towards her. This was ono of the mailt facts corrohnrntivo of thu admissions that would bo given in evidenco. Pnrt of Bortrnnd's evidence at tlio inquest would bo proved by this correspondence to bo utterly f.ilsu. When asked if Kindor was jenlpus of liis wi.|o, Burtrnnd Huid " He wns jealous of liis wife witli ovory person, lie was a monomaniac on tlmt point; alio would answer when he abused her, but to my knowledge for tho last six mouths I am certain Air. Kinder never gave de- censod occasion for tlio unkind manner ho showed towards her." Letters would he producod to show that this wns absolutely faiso, Snmo of those letlors began in October and camo down to tlio 23rd of November. Tlio statement given of ivhnt occurud when doccnsud wns shot was, tlmt wlion Beltrami, Airs, Bortrand, and Airs. Kinder wore present, Jfr. Kinder enmo into tho room, having been drinking, nnd, having some timo huforc been talking about liis affairs, got exeitud, fired a pistol at his head, and fell down. Tho curious fact connceiud with this wns tlmt noitlior Airs. Kinder nor Airs. Bcrtrnml gnvo informa tion to thu police on tliu matter, it was stated tlmt Kinder died of tho injmy which lie then inflicted on himself. But subsequently Burtrand stat»d to liis own sister, who had come up from Afolbournc, tlmt tliu liuale of Ifimlur's death wns not ns mentioned in tho newspapers or at the ii quest— tlmt he (Ilcrlrnnd) lind shot him, and tlmt ns ho lingurcd ami appeared likely to got somewhat bettor, Mrs. Burtrand, nnd Airs. Kinder concurred in poisoning him, and tints put nn end to liis life. Something similar to this would he deposed lo by a young man who had boen in Bcrtrand's oinployiiiont, and whoso statement if uncorroborated, would certainly lie most incredible. This assistant would provo that Bert rand ad milted substantially tlio same thing to liim; that lie (tho assistant) was for weeks before privy to a design to commit the alleged mui'dor, and to repented attempts to . minder Kinder; tlmt ho sent liis assistant to buy pistols llcrtrnnd accompanying him in woman's attire ; and it would ho provod that with one of thesu pistols Kindor cninc by his dunth. A person who, being cognisant of such a procoeding, did not dcnumico it to tlio authorities would senrcoly be admitted as n very credible witnoss, and liis state ment would seem improbable if not confirmed by otlior testimony. It would bo proved tlmt Bertram!, witli tlio nid of bis assistant, procured a sheep's bond, mid in liis own liotiso fired nt it for practice witli thu pistols that Lo lind obtained. As to Mrs. Burtrand it would lie shown that sho when askod about tho cir- cumstimcu by n person whose evidence would bo forthcoming, snid something to the cfl'oct tlint Kinder was shot— that Kinder showed Bertrnnd a card and snmo loiters, and tlmt Burtrnnd then shot liim. placing the pistol ns if it had boon fired from Kin der's hand, und putting a pipe in his mouth. Airs. Burtrand nlso spoke of Kindor gotting better, nnd of poison ing him. She snid she did it being afraid of hor life being taken by hor husband. Afrs. Kindor was present, nud if her husband was shot nnd poisouod she must imve boon privy to it. On onu occasion a card was produced ami shown to the wifo, aud wlion asked, if sho remembered it sho cried out to tliu husband. " Don't, don't," and got qnito affectod by tho production. Ho admitted tlint this wns tlio card put into Kiiulor's bund nt tlio timo lio wns shot. On another occasion ho thronthouod in Airs. ICindur's pre sence to disclose tlint ho had committed tho murder, and sho said, " Don't, don't," in nn apparent stuto of alarm. " Don't do anything of tlio kind." If tlmt occurud it showed a bygone complicity in what took place, tint thoro would bo circumBtancos mul correspondence tlint would rondor it impossible for them to be guilty without hor being privy to tho crime, Alfred Burno, sworn : I imve bcon nearly four years in Bortrnnd's service, and I was usiinlly em ployed from 9 o'clock in tlio morning till C o'clock in tlio.ovcning. I have known Mrs, Kindor stop nt Bcrtrand's houso at night. Somotimcsl lmvo stopped Into at night to work, At otliur times when I lmvo come to work in a mnrniiig I lmvo seen hor coming down stairs. Sho stayed in tho liouso for about a week on nno occasion, aftur chloroform wns admini stered. About three or four days after lio first know iter Bortrand sont me witli a mussagc to hor, giving me « noto nnd saying thnt I was to dolivor it to Airs, Kinder mid got an answer yes or no. I took tlio noto lo Kiiulor's honso nt tlio Noitli Shore a little after eight in tlio liinruiug, and delivered it ton young indy who onuio to tlio door, nud who said sho would perhaps bo in thoro in tho nftornoou. Tt was Airs, Kindor's sblcr, I boliovo. AVlion I got hack I told Bortratid. ns nu answer, " She would ho down in tho afternoon.'' I said to Bortrand, sho will bo horo this uftornoou. I saw her at Bortrnnd's Iiouho Hint nftoruoon, when ho wns out. Ho wns out nonrly nn hour, nnd sho went nivny without seeing liitn. About a couple of months after that lie told mo to go to tlio post-oflico nt St. Leonard's, and ask for a letter ad- (iressod to a Miss Somebody, ns lio thought Airs. Kiiulor was not going to rccoivo i t herself, ns she lind boon soon or observed nt tho post-oflico by Alnjor Christie. 1 went to tlio post-ollico at. St. Leonard's and got n letter. It wns addressed to a Aliss Some body, to bo left till called for. I gave it to Bortrand. About n fortnight or throe weeks before Kindor's death Airs. Bortranil gave mo a letter, saying it was ivritton by Air. Bertram!, ami tlmt I was to take it to t" lie Nnrtli Slioro and sec if tliorc wns any answer. It was in Air, Bcrtrand's -handwriting. I took it over, handed it to Airs. Kindur niul sho took out n diamond ring. It was Air. Bortrnnd's ring. Besides Airs. Kinder, I only saw n littlo boy. Air. Jackson, whom 1 know, wns not thoru on thnt day. Sho said she .would ooino porlmps in tho nftornoou. Bortrand was ill at this timo. These were tlio only pccusions on which I took loiters. Bortrand told mo i1' ' " Vha first occasion of liis knowing Airs, lut), _ J 's accompanied by hor mother nnd sister, 'anff fh.in- tlio acquaintance, when lior mother and sistof no'etmr- piiniad Iter, ho exchanged letters with. hor wlion tiuiy shook hands at parting. . lie- told 'mo thnt Airs. Kinder laid taken a violent fancy to liim. This was about tho timu ho received the first lottoi', or after tho firBt letter. IIo told mo that ho was iu tlio liilbjt of having connexion witli tier. Somo limo nftcr ttlis lio told tne that Kinder would very likely bo found diiml in liis bud one mornimr. On tlio occasion of.lier visit" , - I snw thoni togetlior in tlio room, apart from whi,: J I was, and wlion no ono cIbo was iii" tlio room, ho said Hint Kindor would very , likely commit suicide i I do not rocolluct tlio timo wlion lid said this ; oil a subsequent occasion ho told mo in tho workshop thnt ho would piit Kinder againBt Jnckson and so get Jackson nut of tlio road, hy making Kimlor Joaious of him.; about a fortnight afturwardu ho told mo lio had sucoooded, and that Kinder had got Jackson to leave tho houso nt tho North Shore; a short time afterwards lie told mo lio, had made friends witli Jackson, and thnt Jnckson was coming to slop nt his place for a timu; Juckson did stay there and had liis meals thoru: nftor lio, had 'boon thuro tliroo or four days Bertrnnd . told mo tlmt ho hud tried to drug Jnckson for tliu purposo of gotting papers and letters written to liim hy Afrs. Kinder ; lie told mo tlio day lifter that it bad failed ; lie subsequently told mo tnat he had tried to got Jackson to luiivu tho houso, and Jackson loft ; tlio next tiling Lo told mo was that Air. Kindor would lie found dond in liis hud; this was subsequent to tlio oilier con versations; about six wooks previous to Kindor's dentil lio nskod mo whoro I could got a boat to liiro ; 1 told him sevornl places, and mentioned Buckley's amongst others; lie said ho required n boat for a littlo exorcise, and asked mo if I would accompany liiin ; wo want the following night npout 12 o'clock; I hircd'U boat from Buckloy botweun 5 and G o'clock, nnd about 12 wo wont in it over to tlio North Shore. ns fur as Kindor's houso, which was about iivo minutes walk from tho wharf; tho hont wns tied up at tho wharf, and wo wont to tho sido of Kill iter's house, opposite to the bedroom window upon which tho moon was shining; ho said "that is his bed room ; lie did not tlion say what was tlio purpose of liis visit, hut nflorwnrda ho snid lie wished to got to Air. Kindor's drawers ; I think lie said for tlio purpose of gotting papers from liis chest of drawers, but I am not qnito curtain ; ho did not go ill, lie said thu moon was too strong, ho lind come too early, and that he would havo to go somo other night; wo re turned to Sydney; wo went again about tlireo nights aftor, tnking a boat from tho same plane, aiul wont up to tho house ; as wo wore going over lio snid it wns very iikoly tlint next . morning Kinder would bo found dead 111 liis bed, having committed _ suicide, mid letters from Jackson ho found in his hands ; wo wbro thoro about 1 o'clock in tlio morning; this night ho wont into tlio house, whilst I was standing about a dozen yards from it; ho took off his boots, giving thorn to mo to hold ; I cannot say how long ho remained tliero nslfoll asleep; ho gotin by onu of the front windows, the dining room window I think; aftor his roturn hoanid Kinder'B boor was untouchud. Ho said, ' Wo had ilruggod it ;' that Kindor was very rustless, starting up in his sloop ovary moment, nnd that Airs. Kindor kept him from sloeping. He said lie would punish hor for it in tlio morning. Wo then returned homo. Nearly a week after ho camo and told mo ho required a boat nguin, mid asked mo if would gut it for liim. I got it for him. At ton timo tlint ovuning lie produced a hntchot lie had bought, mid asked me to bore a liolo in thu linnillo so thnt I10 could tie it upkynstrii mid carry it conecnled under his coat; and I di- About 0110 o'clock wo went across in tlwFMiel- going to the hont ho told mo that Kindor PjjPJMau. .. liim at the theatre, and that it was his intention tcf knock liis bruins out. IIo also snid lie intondod to get a divorco from his prosont wifo and to marry Airs Kinder. X asked what was liis cause against Airs. Bci tV.ind, thnt ho wished to ho divorced. lie said no cause. I told him 1 thought it wns impossible to get a divorco from hor utiloas ho' could gut something against her, nnd lio said ho would got sonic one and pay them until lio got something against her. When lio wns about going out of liis liouso he would wish mo good night, tell 1110 to ho hack onrly in tho morn ing, slam tlio door, and then lie would ooino out at the hack door. With regard to what lie said as to tlio divorco, 1 romaikod what nbjoot could ho liavo in putting Air. Kindor out 01 tho way when Airs. Kindor was just as good ns a wifo to liim. Ho- snid Air. Kindor had insulted him, mid hesidos he wished to hnvu Airs Kinder all to himsolf Ho said lio told Airs ICindur that lie had bcon ovor thoru, nnd sho would not boliovo it. When wo got to tho house, ho wciit in tho same way through tho snmo window, hy taking off his hoots. "Wo 1I1011 returned to Sydney, About ft week nftor lio told me I10 was going over again, anil nskod me in the nftornoou if I would buy him a red Crimean shirt, bccausu it would not show tliu colour of blond. 1 got one from G Rob's. He then asked mc if I under stood making up, mul if I would mnko him up so that lio would not he recognised. I snid, " Don't you wish you may got it." Botweon 12'(indl!ie shut the front door again, after calling out to liis wife, tliort wont upstairs and shaved himself. Ho woke me up. His fnco was thou blackened, lio lind on a shell hat belonging to nie, woro the Crimean shirt, mid on his-faco lie had a kind of mask that concealed half liis face. IIo told mo to tnko off my hoots. I did so, and lie did thu snmo. This wns at liis own houso in Wynynrd-squnro. Wo put on our hoots outsido in tlio lnno, mul went across witli a boat again nt about half-past onu o'clock. Ho took some brandy ill n gioger-heer bottle, and drank the brandy boforn going up to Kindcr's liouso. Ho got insido tlio houso and remained tliero about threo quarters of mi hour. AVlion wo got hack to tlio wharf, lie said lie did not liko going homo without finishing what lie had conic to do, mid askod lue if I would accompany him to tho liouso, go in with liim,- mid if anything happened, to tnko liis pnrt and knock anybody's brains out who interfered. I said it was loo romantic for mo, or I don't sco anything romantic in it, — thnt I had 110 slime ill Airs. Kinder, and would not 11111 any risk. ITo went back by liim- solf, mid returning in nbout linlf- au-hour, lie woko 1110 iq), ns I was asleep on the wharf. On all tlioso occasions I always carried tho liatchet myself (oxcept when lie was in tlio liouso) for my own safety. I gave it to liim wlion ivo got up to tho houso. 1 made him pull tlio stroke onr whilst I pulled tlio how oar, fearing lost taking mo hy surprise whilst my back was towards liim he might throw mo into tiio water. This onded tho boat oxcursions. In stating those particulars of tlium some circumstances might havo occurred 011 difioront nights to those I have inentionod, hut if tlioy did not occur on 0110 of the nights I have mentioned they occurred on ono or other of tlio occasions. Two or three weeks after Bortrand nskod mo if I lind any pistols. I snid 1 lind one, but Hint I used it for conjuring — for wizmding. Ho then nskod mo if 1 know whoro any could ho got, mid whoro any one might hoy tliom without being recognised. 1 told liim I did not know. That night I10 asked mo if I would accompany him, and meet liim at 8 o'clock opposite Putty's Hotel, and lie would dress as a woman. He did not conic. I met liim nearly opposite Cohen's Hotol, about twenty minutes afterwards. I succeeded iu gotting 11 pistol ut Levy's, nearly opposite tho Crooked Billot Inn, in Lowor Goorgc- Htrcot. Whilst I wns in tlio shop Bertrnnd cauie 111 and examined tho pistols dressod ns a woman. Ho paid for them. Ho had shaved off ids moustache. We returned home. Next morning lie told me to go nnd got a shoop's bond, nnd 1 got one from Sharp's tho butcher's ill Hunter-street. Ho Bind ho wanted it to practice witli, and told 1110 not to lmvo it cut in two. I took it up to BcrtruniVs woikshop, at liis place in Wynyard-squnro. He then nindo somo bullets. I snw liiin make a model of 0110 in wax to fit tiie pistol, mul then pour plaster of pnris noun iff" Iu tho mould ho poured lund. IIo loaded tke 'pistol, and fired sovornl times nt tlio sticap's jAflnr firing about four tUaus Airs. Palmer mill M JWBrtind camo into tliu shop, mid Mrs. Palmer asKV ywlmt lio was doing. He immediately ordered f.Oqm both out and shut tho door. Ho snia lie wished tiNyiow which part of tlio skull tho bullet would enter iiRn - - tho soonest. And lio pointed to tlio sido 0.GH10 toniplo between tho oyo nnd tho onr as tiio bostplahic. Nothing more occurred until Alondny morning, this being on tho Sutnrilny. On tliu Jtoudny ho told 1110 to Durntlio skull in tliu furunac, mid 1 did so. Tho next tiling 1 hoard was that Air. Kinder lind shot himself, lie came in botivoon 11 and 12 on tho morning of tho day on which I licnrd of Kinder shooting himself. A week previous lio hail shown 1110 a pistol Uo said ho intended to givo to Kindor, nut ono of those produced but one of a bottor luako. On llio ovoning lie told me that ICiudor had shot himself, That ho had gone out with hiin to liavo a drink. And that boforo going back to tlio house ho hail shown hint a pistol, tolling liim that it tvns perfectly empty, although at the same tiino it was loadod. That ho (Bcrtrand), placed n cap upon tlio nipple and told' Kinder to go into llio 'ibl'WUilJvighten the ladies by protending to shoot' Tola \„r)Vd 1' did so, and of course shot himself. /-',-AohI tlioy wore two or throo hours looking for jlodwi'Sntid that iiono of tlicm thought tiio wound was inflicted by a bullet.. That no litillot cuuld I o found. Tho day piovious tr lCindor's death, Bertram! took out lii's of pocket, a small bnttlo .containing a white liquid, without tiny liihel, this wiis in the work shop. (ho liquid was like wator. lie took it out of his trousers' pocket saying it was' poison, which' he in tended to givp to Kindor. That ho had often before given hint poison, and. that it had novor taken offoot. \,! m"4 Kindor stuck out to tlio last that lie did not shoot himself. On tlio morning of thu conversation about Kinder having shot liiniHoIf, Bortraiid said ono of tlio ludius had piokod up a bullut on tlio floor, nnd which lie showed mo. It was flat. Ho merely laughed, and put it in-liis pookot. In the surgery I have seen Mrs. Kinder with horurms round Bortrand's neck. I tvns not at work there at that time, hut happened to bo going in quiokly. Tho pistol producod (tlio olio with coueonlod trigger) is ono of those bought nt J.ovy's. I objected to it. nnd Lovy protending to chiingo it, took a good ono buck nnd put this up again. ' The one with tiio trigger guard, I think, was tlio cmo Eoi trnud allowed mo, and told 1110 tiiat lie wns going to give it to Kinder. I think ono of tlio bullots that wero east in tlio mould; nnd which I gnvo to Elliott, fits ono of tho pistols brought nt Levy's. I kopt that one (bullet). . Harriot Korr deposed : I nm a married woman, and sistor to Bortrand, tlio prisoner. I arrived from Mel honrno about six weeks ago. and wont to livo nt liis liouso in Wynynrd square. Shortly nfter I arrived ho spoke of Mrs. Kindor, and snid ho wisliod to ninko her his wife — that ho wished n divoroo from his pro-, sont wife. lie said ho was- very much in lovo .with this person, Mrs. Kinder. 1 said I was vory much surprised, us in hU. letters to. mo ho said ha wns living happily witli his ivifo. I argued with him, and said that after being marriod for throe years iio should think of Letter tilings. I only had ono con versation with him on tlio subject of tho divoroo. About a week afterward", or fivo or six days,' early in tlio morning, just boforo breakfast nnd boforo leaving my bedroom, Bortrand cnino into my room whilst I was washing tlio baby, ho snid, "Stay n inimito, I have something to say to you." Ho told mo to sit down on tho sido of tho bod, and nskud mo if I find road about tho death of Kinder. I snid I had.- Ho pausod a little and then snid — " Kindor did not shoot himself— ho snid I shot liim." I replied, you must ho mad to say such a tiling." ' Iio snid, ' No, I nm not mad — I tell you I did shoot him." I snid " But how cruel of you to do so," nnd I put my hands to my faco. Ho pulled them down again, I w-.s crying, and lie snid, " Don't cry, I don't regret what I have done." Ho said Kinder wns in his way. Ho said ho would do tlio sninu tiling to aiiy.mnn who stood in his way. Ho warned 1110 not to tell his wife what ho had told mo. I remember nothing else that occurred nt that time. Ho said lie was jealous of Kinder, and that ho loved Mrs Kinder vory dearly. "When hosnid I10 shot him, lie snid lie put the nistnl in his hand nnd a pipe in his mouth, nnd that afterwards I10 throw thu pistol that lie shot him with into tlio linrbor. Ho did not say to 1110 that hu put a card into Binder's hand boforo I10 shot him. I was told so, but not by Mr. Bortrand. WI1011 I remonstrated with him, hosnid, "you need not bo so luird upon me-- Kindor was going to shoot 11111, and had bought n gun to do so." Ho did not say from whom. ho had hoard that. Ho said that it was well planned, mid if it ovor came boforo tlio piihlio tlioy would not holiovo it. Ho snid, ' wo planned it." Ho said that moro than himself plnnnod it. Wo did not mention Mrs. lCitidcr's name in that conversa- ejj. About tlireo woolts after I li d nnotlior conver- liim 111 tho dining-room. Ilis ivifo was (faeTrJflfft 8ho was iisloop on tho sofa. Shu used to sleep a great deal. I thought it was not nnturnl sometimes. It was more liko stupor. Ho thou entered into conversnrion about the divorce from his wifo. Ho used to bent his wife most brutally. This I observed whilst staying In the house. Speaking of tlio divorce, I told him how wrong his conduct was. Ilis trcatmont of his wifo wns everything that was bad, wicked, and crnol. Ho attempted lior life two or tlirco times whilst I wns in llio liouso. Ho said ho must marry Mrs, Kindor. He said, " I don't want to killJnno," moaning his wifo, hut if I cannot gut a divoroo I shall get up 1111 adultery caso with some rospoctablo marriod woman, and thou Jane can sue 1110 for a divorce. Inched him why he did not give up liis thought of marrying that woman. Ho Raid he could not givo her up, I said 'She must lie 11 bnil woman, to bo cognizant of tlio death of her husband. She could not make yon a good wife.' lie answered, Yes, I know she is a bad woman.' Ho said that was why ho must marry her — because she was a wicked womnn. 11a said he would mnke a second Lucre) in oflior. Iio tlion paused, and leaning over 1110. whis pered; " Kinder did not dio by tho shot, wo poisoned him. He said she (pointing to his ivil'u on tiic sofu) gnvo hiin the poison, llo said the t poison would ncvor bo discovered, and Hint ho lind enough poison in tho house to kill half tho people, in Sydnoy. Iio said it was vory likely that beforo I wont to Brisbauo I should sco his wife's funornl. Several times ho lias spoken about Kindor, about scoing his ghost, and when he saw the colonrof liquors on tho tabio, roferiad to it ns blood. At 0110 time he Baid ho loved Mrs. Kindor dourly, nml at other times snid she knew every ivick.-d deed that could ho committed, and that she was a devil's imp. IIo also snid she wns a clever woman. O110 night liu nltomptod to murder liis wife, about a munth ago. I was in tho house nt tho tiino. Ho find boon out, and camo homo nt about 1 o'clock in tho morning, llo would novor allow Mrs Bortrand a will of her own in tho house. Slio wns very frightened of him. Speak ing of somo subjuct — I cannot rcinomber what — Bortrand nnd his wifo woro talking and she dared In argue with him, when lie got up in a very excited state nnd said her time had oomo — that she must die. Ho took up a stick ivitli a sling nt tha end, called a life-preserver, and snid ho wanted to measure tlio oxact spot wlioro Lor brain wns, so that lie could lull lior with ono blow. Slio said, " Don't kill mo, you promised mo on your word of honour I lint you would not kill mo." He than raised the stick to strike, and I interfered "'aadod tlint for liis mother's, for tlio children a sake, for all their snkes, he would ferbonr. IIo told mo not to look nt liim or speak to liim, and said " Go out of tho room or I will brain you." I wont out of tho room witli fear and trembling, my tongue cleaving to tlio roof of my mouth. I tried to call out, but could not I thought ho would murder lior. Aftor I left the room ho shut tho door. I managed to ornwl to the top of tho kitchen (stairs, ' I was so fault I could not walk then. I c-ilied I for Bridget, tho servant, and whon slio camo I up I said, Bridgot, there is something dreadful happening in tho parlour. Whilst I wns spanking to lior tho handle of the door was turned, and I gut up to tlio first landing of tho stairs. Whilst sitting thoro I hoard them say something, my brother said, " Now, Jnne, I want you to go into tlio surgery," and she asked what for. llo said, " I want you to write 011 this piece of paper that you nro tired of your life and that you poisoned youvsulf by your own hand." Slio snid, "No, I shall n..t write it." She snid "pour tho poison down my throat, hut I will not write any thing." Beforo the conversation began my brother had poured ino out n littlo weak brandy mid water, and whilst 1 was on the stairs I heard thorn say to Jano "Drink that," meaning llio brandy and water that lie had poured out forma. Ho said drink it up. Shu drank it. Mrs. Bcrtrand then camo out, mid ivu retired to our room for Ilia night. Mrs. Boitrnnd mid I slept together. She slept with mo llio whole time I was thoro oxcept ono night. Tlicro wns then a strangor, a lady visitor, in tho liouso. Mrs. Bortrand, whon she got into tlio room, sat down 011 a chair qui to exhausted, and to my astouislimciit fell fast asleep. I thought it Was strange slio should full asleop so soon after so oxciting a seanc. It was about ten minutes after drinking tlio brandy and wator. frii'two other occasions ho attempted her life. After tlio firjJjCOnvurstttiun with my brother relutivu to thu (lcuthvj5ji£indor, Mrs. Bortrand asked me why I woAL"S|K80 palo —what was, tlio matter with ino. iXjTS-I had heard told something by Henry that I Jcould Bcarouly holiovo to bo true. She saijjwhat did Iio say to you? I said ho told ino tliiit hu shot Mr. Kinder, I naked lior, Is _ that trqo ? She said Yes. This wns in tlio dining rcu;m. Ou tlio afternoon of tho same day that my brother told 1110 he had shot Kinder, she said, You know llenry and Mrs. Kinder and I 1110 con stantly visiting nt tlio Nortli Shore, mid that, 011 one particular morning, Henry snid, " You must go ovor to the North Shorn." Slio said Henry had often threatened to kill Mr. Kinder. In rofereoctt to shooting liim, she one day. in thu parluur, warned Mrs. Kinder nbout this that Bortrand was going, or had thvuntuno,| to kill hint. Mrs. Kinder said, "Toll hiin yoursoll Mrs, Bortrand said, "No— if itwasmy linsband that wasltobu sliot I should toll him niysolf, nnd think I find a vight to do it." Tlio reply was somothing to tlint offoot. Slio said that llenry was in lovo with Sirs. Kindor. and that she (Mrs. Bortrand) and her husband woro to bo divorced in consequence of this. Shu snid tliey woiuliving aoomfortahlu life tngothur, nml woro quitu roconeiletl to tlio fact of a dtvuroo. She being tired of tlio ill treatment she lind boon re ceiving. Slio thou told 1110 that, ou one particular moriiing, Bortrand told lior sho was to go ovor to tho North Sliora and tako tlio litiby and Sophy (tiio niirau girl). Slip did not wish to go that morning, Iiecauso . it was raining, and tho baby would: got wot. iio said slio must go, and they did go. Sho said slio noticed that when Bortrand camo to tlio liouso (Kindor's) lie seemed more serious than ho luid boon fur somo limu, and scuttled kinder to Mr. Kindor. Mr. Bortrand wns walking up nnd down tlio room vory last. And sho noticed ho kopt his glovos nil mid 0110 hand in his pocket. She said, I think, shortly nftor, Bortrand mid Kindor "woro talking about the business affairs of Kinder, sponking of Now Zealand, mill reading lotturs from Now Zealand. Slio fnrthur said that Mrs. Kinder mid hursolf woro standing nt tho window looking out whon tlioy liunrd tlio report of a pistol, mid on turning round slio saw Mr. Kindor sitting in a cluiir mid a pistul drop from his hand, and saw Bcrtrand plnco a pine in Kimlor's month, taking tlio pipo from tho tnblo. Mrs. Kinder ran out of tho room. Burlrmid followed lior with a loadod pistol, put it to her head, nml snid if site did not go into tlio room ltd would blow lior brains out. Mrs. Kinder cnuio into tho room., Bcrtrand then tuok hold of Mrs. Uortrand's arm and mrnlo lior faoo Mr. Kindor. Slio told 1110 tlio blood was tlion (lowing irom tiio wound, and that Borlraud's fingers nearly mot in tho Hush, nml that ho pinched lior m-111 so hard that tlio marks wore left for throe weeks after- wurils. llo snitl, " Now look at him — look nt him well " — making her look. " I' wish you always to sco him boforo you." Slio said that after Kinder was shot tlicy made tier (Airs. Bertram!) nurse utid attend upon liim. Sho said she was doing all sliu could for tlio sick lumi to romody tlio oril lior husband had dona. Mrs. Kindor and Bortrand during nenrly tlio wholo tiino wore noting in 1111 improper manner, such as walking tip and down thu verandah with their arms around oacli other's wnists. Some time aftor llio shot was firud sho wns looking round tho room and snid she saw something lying aguiust the wninscuat, nnd found it to be a bullet flattened, She snid, " Mr. Bertram ran to mo and took.it from me, mid put it in liis waistcoat pocket, saying, 'This is just what I wanted. '" Slio snid slio had been nttumling upon Mr. Kinder two or throo days, when Iio was improving. Slio snid that Mr. Bortrand had decided that lie could not lot Mr. Kindor live — that ho' must hu poisoned. Shu said Kinder sucmod better, not so duliriuus and more sensible. That Mrs. Kindor went up to hiin nnd said, " Why wore' you so cruel as to shoot yourself? " He said, " I did not shoot myself.'' Sho snid subsequently that .Mr. llci'trniid afterwards forced lior to mix tho poison, mid that Mrs Kindor g.'.vu it to him. That was nil that sliu said .fo.iiip' that .I.r.ooolleet Xsaid I liiust- lonvb tho house after what situ had told mo. She begged of mo not to do so, ami suid if I left the liouso she would bo murdered, as I10 would think sho had advised 1110 to gonad tell of these things, and so I re- mninutl. 1 should have left ou otlior occasions, hut my brother would not allow me to go. Hu saitl lie would not be such a fool. When I first came there I noticed somo strange marks on Mrs. Bortrand's back whilst slio was dressing. They lind all the npponrnnco of burns or scalds, and speaking of them sho snid. Did you sou those marks. I said yes. Slio said, " Well he thrashed mo with her (Airs Kimlor's) whip, and took piocos of llosli out," mid sho said this was because she had said somotiiing about lotting tlio nurdcr out. On her back pud shoulders thoro wero marks 11s if the flesh lind been torn oil', mid slio also lindn black oyo. She told 1110 afterwards in Airs Kin- der's pipsenco, that Iio lind stnbhed iter (Airs Bcrtrnml) with a penknife, which ponetrated to tho depth of tho blatlo ; nnd slio sliuwed mt a pair of stays that wero saturated with blood, Since slio had mndu tho confession about the ill treatment, site said that Bur- tranil had told her to ho very kind to Air Bellhtinse, and to allow liim to kiss lior, if necessary ; this lie told her at night, nftor Bollliouso had left ; I wished lior very much to go to some magistrate mid confess wlint she lind told nn'. 1 said, if you do not, you will bear the hlnmc, and very likely this woman who deserved it would get clear, whilst you might hu hanged ' She said, 'No, 1 would never lie hung. I would poison myself.' Shu refused to go to a magistrate. Two or throe times I have said I would go, and would bring thu police to tho house. She would not allow me to go, and said that if I told it to any otic, they would think me mad. indeed, I bcliovo that Bcrtrand lind told Dofries that I was mad. I told it to Dofties, and nfter that wunt to Captain Ai'Lerio about tho caso. I often thought my biothor was mad, lfom the way lie went on. Airs. Bortrand 011 "110 occasion statod that Airs. Kinder was staying in tho liouso before I cnino from Atolboiiruo. Site dill not snv how long siic wns staying tlicro, but sliu snid that whenever Mrs. Kinder wns there, Iter, trmid always ill-treated her (Airs Bertrnnd). That whon Mrs. Kindor was away ho ncvor attempted hot' life. Sliu also said tlint Bcrtrand had forced lior (Airs. Bortrand) to sleup in the same room with Airs. Kinder and himself. Hu took Airs Kindor into Airs. Bor trand's bed, nnd lay down with tliem Loth. Slio said that Bortrand and Airs. Kinder lind been frequently alone, in hod. One dry when wu were alone after dinner, Mrs. Kinder was kiiooling down tying tlio dress ol a little hoy, wheu alto said "You sco 1110 in very disadvantageous circumstances." I said. "I wonder how you dare t-i look nt me or nddross tno in my brother's absence." This was nil that was said, as somo one came into Hie room at the tiino. Airs. Kinder shortly aftor wont away to llatbuist. Case not closed. 