LONGEVITY. (From the Saturday Review.) A discussion has lately been carried on in the columns of The Times which has an interest for all persons who care about living. No one, according to Sir George Cornewall Lewis, ever lived to the age of a hundred ; or, as we should rather say, no one can be shown by sufficient legal proof to have reached that age. There is nothing, one would have thought, specially irritating about this i statement, whether well founded or not. It seems, however, to rankle in the minds of a good many respectable antiquaries. As soon as the question is accidentally raised, the supporters of human longevity swarm to its defence with a zeal second I only to the theological. They are as much vexed as if every one of them were aged ninety nine, and were receiving a sentence not to live out the year. The vexation is perhaps natural. Many people can never distinguish between doubts thrown upon their accuracy and doubts thrown upon their veracity. When a man tells you that a friend of his knew an old woman, some years ago, who is at least one hundred and ten if she is still alive, he infers confidently that some people live beyond the age of a hundred ; if you draw the same inference, he fancies that you are doubting his word. _ Besides this pardonable confusion of ideas, antiquarian enthusiasts have a special ground of annoyance. They feel that most of their beliefs rest upon evidence which is necessarily short of conclusive. In making investigations about old genealogies, the pleasure of the research is almost proportional to the faintness of the evidence. You glory in the keenness of scent which enables you to follow a trail too faint for other perceptions. Many of your pet opinions are only held in default of better evidence. The slightest presumption upon one side is sufficient to carry weight when there is no other presumption to be had. Things might look different in the sunlight, but we must trust to a farthing candle when we have got nothing better. It is, therefore, little short of torture to the mind of the genuine antiquary when it is sought to try his conclusions by scientific or legal years. He thinks it hard that he should be called upon to give an account of his proofs, as if he could put his defunct witnesses into the box. Thus, a gentleman writing to the Times complains bitterly of the present age, as being at once absurdly credulous in some things and absurdly incredulous in others, People, he says indignantly, are ready to believe that Richard It. was a respectable character, and yet they won't believe that one Jenkins lived to be 169. Without concerning ourselves to defend, in all points, an age which believes in spirit-rapping, we think this attack upon it very unfair. It is plain that, if we assume perfect equality between the evidence in favour of the villany of Richard III. and the evidence to establish the extraordinary age of Jenkins, we shall not therefore believe in the two facts with the same intensity. It was once, perhaps, quite in character for an uncle in the highest classes to murder his infant nephews and conceal them in a hole behind the stairs. _ That line of conduct might even be so intrinsically probable, a priori that we should believe it until the uncle's innocence was proved. But, on the other hand, it was characteristic that people should ac- cuse Richard of smothering his young friends, and should believe the accusation causelessly. The antecedent probabilities are about equal, and we may be reasonably swayed either way by a slight weight of evidence. On the very strongest hypothesis there always remains a possibility that Richard was a misunderstood but virtuous character, for some admixture of falsehood in the authorities is a certainty, though the propor- tions of the mixture are doubtful. But no one can say that the probabilities are not enormously great against Old Parr having lived to 152, or Jenkins to 119. There is some limit of belief at which our minds, however elastic, cease to yield to almost any evidence. If Jenkins's age had been put at 969 instead of 169, no one would accept the story, though the evidence were infinitely stronger. It is indeed rather amusing to observe the extreme faintness of the ground on which our faith in Jenkins is demanded. Some vague gentleman, going to see Jenkins, meets a man over a hundred, whom he congratulates upon his apparent vigor in extreme old age. " Ah, sir, it's my father that you want to see," exclaims Jenkins junior. The picturesque intervention of this superfluous centenarian seems to have made the fortune of the story. The corroborating circumstances such as the old men who had always considered Jenkins an old man from their early youth, and Jenkins's own recollections of Flodden Field-are the mere commonplace of such stories. The gentlemen who ask us to believe this tale produce a kind of evidence which might adequately prove that John Smith was the son of William Smith in the seventeenth century, if there was no evidence to the contrary. But it is hardly enough to generate conviction in a statement which is next door to miraculous. There is no fixed limit to human life, but human life is not therefore of an arbitrary length. A man eight feet high is a rarity and a giant ; a man eighty feet high is a fiction. No one can mention the exact distance beyond which no rifle eau throw a ball, but we may be pretty certain no rifle ever yet threw a ball ten miles. It follows, that, as a first step, we must cast aside the discussion of these traditionary old gentlemen until we have decided what is the dead weight of scientific scepticism to be met by evidence. By observing the actual length of life of annuitants, incumbents, and other persons the length of whose days is an object not merely of scientific but of legal curiosity, we may arrive at some measure of the improbability of considerable deviations from the ordinary standard. At least we may seek for statements sufficiently modern to admit of verification. It is wonderful what a crop of centenarians springs up at the first cursory examination of modern records. If we look through old numbers of the Annual Registers, deaths of persons above one hundred are recorded every year. People seem to have been in the habit of dying at all kinds of unreasonable ages, and in various remote parts of Europe-Poland, Calabria, or Nor- way-and having their deaths duly recorded in the papers of the period. In 1768 alone, three deaths are recorded at the respectable ages of 137, 138, and 150. In 1761 an ancient couple is reported to have died at Philadelphia (Quakers are proverbially long-lived, and always speak the truth the husband at the age of 120 and the wife at the age of 115, having been married for 93 years. We are told of some laborious German who collected considerably more than a thousand cases of persons living to upwards of a hundred. Of those fifteen had died between the ages of 139 and 140 ; six between 140 and 160, and one (our old friend Jenkins, we presume) at 169. It is remarkable that people who live to this incredible extent generally do it in out-of-the-way country parishes. A hundred years ago many English country districts might still be considered as partially discovered districts. As the domain of the unknown recedes, the centenarians become suspiciously scarce. They vanish like the phoenix, the snapping turtle, or the sea serpent, before the approach of civilisation. In modern years, we remark that a considerable proportion of the cases of extreme age, as of apparitions of the sea-serpent, are recorded by American witnesses. It may be used in argument as to the condition of negro slaves, that they are frequently quoted as living for superhuman periods. We read of slaves who have been 120 years in one family ; they have generally belonged to' General Washington whose venerable nurse was one of Barnum's most brilliant triumphs. Either slaves find their mode of life singularly healthy or, as the sceptical may allege, their intellects are not clear enough to preserve very accurate records of time. There is the same prima, facie presump- tion against all these cases that there is against ghosts. They have an extraordinary faculty for appearing in places where they cannot be too closely investigated. They swarm in every direction just beyond your grasp. A few years ago there were plenty of cases ; but the witnesses are dead and buried, and the records are lost. In remote districts, where registers have never been properly kept, or in new countries where the population has been incessantly chang- ing, they continue to abound. If you trust to the evidence of ignorant minds, you may get plenty of living specimens who will claim to be any age. In proportion as we demand rigid proof, the proof becomes shadowy and unsatisfactory. incumbents of livings, strange as the statement may appear to fellows of colleges, never live to the age of a hundred. Annuitants, notwithstanding their proverbial vitality, always die off. In a town where £10 a year is paid to a large number of the oldest inhabitants, not even the oldest inhabitant has succeeded in passing the century. Among states- men, bishops, and public characters who ought to live long, if purple and fine linen are conducive to long life, no example has been produced. Of the cases cited with most confidence, many rest upon the authority of tombstones, the assumption apparently being that the other parts of an epitaph are always so strictly true that the age is not likely to be falsified. But of course, if an old gentleman stated before his death that he was 110 and on joyed the kind of celebrity which the mere fact of living confers in a country village his executors would hardly admit from his tombstones what was probably his chief claimed be remembered. It is pointed out, besides, that owing to the per visity and blunders of masons even epitaphs are not invariably consistent with themselves, in one case it appears, by a comparison of dates, that a gentleman must have died thirty years before the birth of his wife and in another, that an old lady said to be 192 at her death cannot have married till she was past 100 It might he supposed that an educated man should know his own age, were it not that the process by which a fiction gradually imposes upon its author is only too familiar to every one who likes to tell a story. To believe your o win lies is the first step halfhearted lying gracefully. Acertara re apcctnbleDissenting minister used todrawcrowded houses by announcing that he would preach at the age of more than 100. He corroborated his statement by a lively account of a battle in which he had won distinction in his youth. When the old gentleman died, aged 107 in the odour of sanctity, it appeared by examining a register, that the battle had been fought before his birth. The evidence for such cases cannot be sufficiently weighed till a proper allowance has been deducted for enormous lying. When an old man's brain is growing gradually bewildered, it would be hard to grudge him the harmless gratification of spinning incredible yarns. We should listen to him patiently, and assume him to have passed through adventures enough to fill several suc- css save transmigrations. We need not be too incredulous if he professes to have been at the storming of Quebec or the battle of Culloden. But we need not afterwards accept his statements as evidence of anything but imaginative power. We believe, therefore, that the party in favor of human longevity have failed to establish their case. No instance has been produced at which i it is quite impossible to cavil and the gradual shrinking of the dimensions of such stories, as they advance into clear daylight from the mists of tradition, is a highly auspicious circumstance. We utterly disbelieve in Jenkins. We have our doubts even about that old Countess of Desmond, " who lived to the age of one hundred and ten, and died by a fall from a cherry tree then." Putting aside these extreme cases, it seems more probable that people may have sometimes over leapt the bound of the century by some or 4years. Cases have been produced in which the evidence for an age of 103 or 104 seems tolerably conclusive. Indeed, one venerable old lady appears to have convinced Sir George Lewis that she had succeeded, not only in living to 103, but in cracking nuts with her teeth afterwards. Her birth was recorded in the register of a neighbor- ing parish, and there seems to have been no re sonable ground for doubting her identity. Without giving in our adherence till more well authenticated instances have been produced, we shall not be prepared to say, a priori that any such claim was necessarily fictitious. It is a pity that the experiment should not be tried. Philo- sophers have submitted to breed nests of disgust- ing insects in their own flesh with a view to investigating their natural history. Devotees of science have submitted to martyrdom in the shape of disease, discomfort, and torment of every kind. Why should not some one, of a Healthy constitution, place himself in the most favorable circumstances, and see how long he can manage to live? It would no doubt be rather dull, but the results obtained would be valuable. When we see the vitality that remains in men like Lord Brougham or our noble Premier after all the wear and tear of exciting lives, we can hardly doubt that, if they had given their minds to it, they might have reached a fabulous length of years. Scientific men should endeavour to catch a young Lord Brougham ; they should prevent him from over-exciting himself: they should keep him carefully out of Parliament and away from the Bar, and endeavor to concentrate his whole faculties upon the one object of continuing to exist. We believe that the life of such a man might be to others what the prize turnip shown in pictorial advertisements is to the turnip of common life. Perhaps some of those half- crowns which are given to agricultural laborers for raising sixteen children without assistance from the parish might be diverted, in the interests of science, to a premium upon long life. In course of time we should possibly learn how to acquire a faculty which is often desired, though some people may think its advantage questionable. EXTRAORDINARY CHARGE. The altomatiTe which took place between Sir R, Clifton. member for Nottingham, and Mr. Pilbeam Cox, at the banquet recently given by the Mayor, in which the hon. baronet charged the latter with having offered for £500. to promote his election, led to an application to the town magistrates for a warrant against Sir Robert. The case was heard at the police-office before the Mayor and the borough bench. Mr. Ford, of London, appeared for Mr. Cox, and Mr. Huish, barrister, for Sir R. Clifton. Mr. Ford said the charge against Sir R. Clifton was that he " published unlawfully, wickedly, and maliciously a libel to vilify and prejudice Mr-. E. P. Cox, and to deprive him of his good name," &e.; On the 5th of this month the Mayor of Nottingham gave a banquet, at which Sir R. Clifton and Mr. Cox were present. Sir R. Clifton in his speech made some allusions to the smartness of Mr. Cox. When the banquet had drawn to a close strong personalities were used on both sides, Sir Robert charging the former with offering to secure his election for £500. Mr. Cox denied this statement altogether. Sir Robert repeated the charge, and offered to bet £500. that he could prove it the next day. Mr. Cox declined to take the bet. Sir Robert, in a subsequent letter, stated that Mr. Cox waited upon Mr. Acland, Sir Robert's electioneering agent, asking him for £500 for his services at the election. Mr. Acland repeated the proposal to Sir Robert, and he refused it, saying, that "it Mr. Cox sold himself for £500 to him, he would also sell himself to his opponents if he could see any I advantage." Into this charge Mr. Cox sought the fullest investigation. Mr. Cox had not sued for damages, but he was anxious for his reputation, being a town councillor, member of the board of guardians, &c.; If the libel he complained of could be substantiated in this court the defendant was liable to a fine or imprisonment. Mr- Huish was proceeding to address the Court for Sir R. Clifton, when the Mayor intimated that the learned council had locus standi. The magistrates consulted for a short time, and then said that they should decline granting a summons upon Mr. Ford's application. Upon this Mr. Ford said that Mr. Cox would be compelled to seek redress) in another court.-2'tmes, Jan 26th. CRINOLINE ABANDONED ETC THE EMPRESS : According to a Parisian exposition of the fashion of the day, crinoline has received notice of its final banishment from aris- Socratic circles. It particularly draws the attention of the followers of high ton to the fact that at the ball at the Tuileries, on Wednesday evening, her Imperial Majesty, dressed with her usual exquisite taste, exhibited " uno grand sobriety dans Pamphlets des encourages," a dol roads way of expressing the absence of that de- testable cage which adds so much to female dimensions, The Empress's example, it up appears, has been imitated by all those who have pretensions, to mingle in the circles of fashionable life. The consequence is that the impediments to t no free circulation of the guests is new in some measure removed, and the grand staircase of the Tuileries, which has lately been almost impracticable at a certain hour of the evening, when the early party de- parts and the later visitors present themselves, is now ascended without the usual difficulty. At one of the representations at the Theatre Compiegne, the crinoline was voted an absurd and enormous nuisance 'The ladies only found seats. The cavaliers were compelled to stand the whole of the evening. At the ball on Wed Tuesday evening, the Duchess de Persigny and Madame Say were the theme of general admits ration. Their toilet was pronounced irreproachable They too had renounced the repudiated crinoline. A struggle has commenced between the pro and the anti-orinoliuists, the former being still in the majority. The dressmakers will not let the fashion of exaggerated widow circling robes and over-crowded decorations go out of fashion if they can help it. Morning Post. " t AN UNFORTUNATE EXPERIMENTAL law days ago an incident occurred at Boxhall, near Bildeston, which reminds one forcibly of Rioca booca's experimental investigation of the machinery of the parish stocks, as related in "My Novel." Mr. John Gage, butcher of, Boxhall, who is also constable of the parish has a man in his employ who set about cleans ing a pair of handcuffs, and having a mind to see how they would fit him he snapped them on his wrists. He then sought liberation, but discovered that his master had gone to London, and had taken the key of the handcuffs with him, so that he was obliged to remain a prisoner until Mr. Gago returned Bury and Norwich Post, 