TO CORRESPONDENTS. Certain correupcnvlcntu requiring answer* to their questions are in the habit of enclosing a postage stamp for n. copy of Jlell's Life containing our reply. Such person n ar« informed that we never enter the name of a m-nr subscriber unlcns he Mod at least one quarter's subscription in advance: All challenges mast be sent to our office before Wednesday evenlnt'. and we cannot, insert any (nnfcxi the 'party challenijinpis known ' to n«). without: a deposit of at leant LS -« t guarantee of good faith. Questions submitted lor.JJUwersmuntliiivenomedUtlnctiveslyTiature. ' Constant .Subscribers? etc, are -lo-nnmiroun' that they only produce confnMon. 'W* cannot aniwer questions' on' the following Saturday unty*» they are sent before Wednesday nlahtj Thcr Ghost of Pietro Bologna. — We liave not room in our column* for correspondence on tfmdtrical subjects. A. B.' 8.— Mr. Barry Sullivan lias not acted in Sidney, sincehe became lesseeofthe Melbourne Theatre Jioyal. Cornwall.— Thursday morning for Otecountry edition, Friday morning for Vie loicn edition. ? — Nimrpd, . Carngbam. — Brocket was by Mel bdurne out of Miss Slick, by Muley Molodi. ??Your otlier tjuestidn is answered below.*- ? Coy's Diggings. — Tom Sayers and Jem Mace never Joui/ia a. prize-Jigld. Manchester Hotel, Ararat — Man is an animal. B, W. — Your nolicc, of the- Carbine Match between the E. M. and the Metropolitan corps arrived too late for insertion lout week... We .Otank you, though, all the taint. '.'''.. Bet— ICe cannot tell you whetlier Freeman or Saddler' passed the winning-post first at the late Civil Service Sports. T. K' 0.— ft was wlten Deaf Burke and Behdigo were peeling to fight dial-, pie Jorrner was called upon to take off his Into: .'.' . Loo.— Attstrict loo you liiaxe no rigid to offer, to go Halves with anotlier player in taking Die miss.- /;?'?? ? Melbourne. — Blair Athol ran but once in France, for th'. Grand Prir.de. Pa.rU, won by Vermout. Fille de CA ir was tliird, but her- jockey not] weighing in, she was not entiilnlin a nlarp^ ' Constant Reader. — ' ' Boltris Booh of Games'- states tluti at all fours 'if dvnovered, pre vious to playing, Uint too many cards are given to'- either party, afresh deal may be claimed, or the extra cards drawn out by the ppponent ; but should even a single card have been played, llien Oieremust be anoUier deal.' -..;????? Snapa.^Tv^, true bred Frendi poodle must have black eyes and nose, the remainder quite white. A true bred Newfoundland should be jet black, with a curly coat, sometimes taitii a. white breast;' Tlie full- drown dog, from the nose lo the end ofOie tail, measures about Oft. and a-half, the lengtli of the the UtU being 2' ft. ; from one fore fool to uie other, over tlie slioulders, 5 ft. 8 in. ; girth beliinil tlie shoulders 3ft. iin. ; round the 'head, across the ears, 2 fl. ; round the upperi'partoj 'the fore leg, 10 in. ; kiv/tkof tfie'ffiatl, 14 in. His feel are ueUx.d, by -? wliich means. he can swim witli great ««e. The large so- called Newfoundlands are of the Labrador breed. 8\. 'W.t—Cadlajul is, we believe, the property of Mr. W. Field. Tlie dates of tltejnter colonial -Oricktt Matcli and tlie intercolonial Rifte- Matcli have not yet been fixed. Scratch. — A second serptence can be ncored. E.J.W.-— 'jMu*i(Zora lias won nearly three times as many races as Barwon. Smeaton.: — The injormalion shall be given next week: ?? BELL'S LIFE IN VICTORIA, AND SPORTINQ CHRONICLE SATURDAY, 2.vr- .SEPTEMBER, 180f-. 