Writing on the subject of ghosts, a cor respondent to theo M, A. Mail furnishes that journal with the following mysterious para graph ;-Some time ago, Mr. Archibald Dlichie delivered a lecture upon this siubject, in Melbourne, ridiculing tlie, belief that denizens of the spirit world would take the trouble of paying nightly maudane visitations, for the purpose of frightening the souls of superstitious and weak minded people. The lecture was subsequently replied to by Mr. David Bl3air, who took up cudgels for. the wandering phantoms, maintaining that they were not only in the habit of haunting the scenes of associations which they experienced when they moved corporeal existences, but that they had a perfect right to do so. The matter, however, had, no. beneficially prac. tical result, the colony, at that. period, not being able to point .to a single supposed haunted habitation, or, any, gloomy, abode suflfciontly invitiug to attract ghosts of the departed , Let it not be too easily presumed, however, that every spirit which takes. leave of the body in Victoria departs to a bourne from which no traveller.returns.' If a. large number of persons are to be believed, there is a noted " bleak" house, situate not a hundred miles froin the junctioi oftlheo Campbell's Creek and: Tarrangowor. roads, which,, for, some month past hPasbeen the scene of nightly visitations of restless; souls who. have reerossed to.Styx.. The ,tenant of the house is a brawny blacksmith, not likely, to be easily scared, but both he and. his family maintain that, in a certainroom of tho house, there are nightly such: strange goingsqun,. such unearthly.noises, such jumpingabqut of chairs and tables, accompanied by strange moans and groans, that it; is impossible for. any of them' to sleep, yet on,onterigg the room all is as quiet and still as the air when the winds are lusied. No sooner, however, is the door of the apartment closed,; then the pranks 'and frolics are restiuiod with redoubled vigor, nor cease till daylight does appear. It is currently reported that in credulous neighbors have passed portions of the night in thed liouse, and that thoe xpoe rionce of all. verifies the statement of the blacksmith. Among the number of persmins alluded'to, is an energetic member of the Borough Council, and a well-known Boni face, born of no pale-faced fear. It is fur thor stated that an aippeal has boon mode to a 'celebrated nautical.captain of the district, whose long noqunintance 'with Father Nep tune, it is supposed, may have made him sufficiently knowiig as to enable hilii to exor ciso those airy visitants from 'thle' abodo' of their present midnight revelries. In the meansitimo, it is a'fact that the 'blackamith is about to seek other quarters, Where it id to be hoped his slumbers' may be as calma as 'anin fant's upon its motther's breast;. STIIB FIRsT SHALL ~e lhAsT,-At two o'clock on Tuesday afternoon ,a young man, whom we may call-though perhalps ianp propriately-Grooin No. 1, entered. the clerk's office to -procure a marriage license, announcing his intention of marrying the young lady to be named in the license at eight o'clock in the evening. . Deputy-Clerk Par nell, after receiving the testimony as to the ago required by law, issued . the necessary documeon At ..about six o'clock in the evening another young man--Groom. No. 2 -made his appearance, and applied to De puty-Clerk 'Carthy for a licensei anounc ing his intention to :be married at seven o'clock in the evening. As in the 'former case the license was .granted.: It so halp pened that on each case. the name of the bride elect was tho saino, but as the papers were issuedby two different clerks, that fact was not at the time discovered, Groom No. 1 had an arrangement to meet. his bride at the residence of a clergyman, on Seventh street near I, beta eon seven and eight o'clock, for the consumlimation of the marriage. Soon after seven o'clook he made his appearance. On finding a carriago or two at the door he concluded that "sombody muiist be getting married," and loitered on the sidowalk a few minutes to give them timeo to get, through the ceremony and depart, Several.minutes elapsed, when he asked the coachman and others who the parties were who weore being married. His feelings on hearing the names of a rival lover and his. afianced bride given as the parties, may be imagined, but not de scribed." 11o at first concluded that the body had boon forced against her will to marry another, and talked about shooting him. On sober second thought, however,' ho changed his mind, and concluded that there are as good fish remaining in the sea as have over boeon caught, and yesterday morning re turnced the license to the clerk's offlice with a request that it be cancelled. T''he young lady Ias resided in the city several months, having comae across the pilains last summer. The prieumption is that her' hafletions. wore about equally divided hbetweoa the two suitors, but that Groom No. 2, being a mill tary uman, lundorstood "strategy" betteor tlhan his competitor, and won thie prize by greater "celority of m?veulnoent." .'tiko the .great General Napoleon tlhe ]irat, hIe understood " tlhe 'alue of mmminutes."-,Saramento Union. 1'rshlp of the SaII.-Wlls practised by the itlilP , t Irlillea.t In I mIll kept ulp b11 youlng U(thitl ,nrltmsts \tdt thIleir lirast baby'btls, 