THE AUSTRALIAN STEAM NAVIGATION COMPANF. ' Live and Let Lite,' is a maxim which may be recommended to tbe Australasian Steam Navigation Com pany for their adoption. The report which was read and adopted at tbe last half-yearly meeting iu Sydney, is one of tbe most extraordinary docu ments of the kind that ever emanated from a public Company. It com mences with a dolorous lament over the ghost of departed monopoly— departed never to return. The net profits of the half year are stated to be only £6794 lls., too amall a earn to provide a dividend; and, accordingly, none was declared. The shareholders are, no doubt, greatly disappointed at this un toward state of things, as it is natural they should be; but, having adopted the report of the Directors, they have made themselves responsible for the sentiments expressed therein ; as well as for the policy which they intend to adopt. The report states that ' there has ' been of late a great falling off in the ' Company's profits— a natural conse ' quence of the increased competition ' to which we have of late been exposed. ' and of the measures which, tn accord ' ance with your wishes, have been ' taken to meet the recent invasion of ' some of our lines by die Queensland ' Company.** The Directors have very adroitly shifted all the blame from themselves to the shoulders of the shareholders, and the latter have com placently adopted it. By this clever manoeuvre, the responsibility of dimi nished profits, and of the measures adopted to meet, or rather, to suppress the ^competition to which they have been exposed, is now fixed upon the shareholders. And, more than this, the , shareholders, in adopting that report, have taken upon themselves the blame which, in the -estimation ef liberal and enlightened minds, must ever attach to sentiments eo illiberal as those which . appear on the &oe; wf that document — Bentiments which exhibit a spirit of grasping monopoly which cannot fail to be exceedingly distasteful to the public. ... Monopoly of *ny kind is opposed to the interests of the public y wuileWm petition is productivo of benefits which are diffused throughout the community The Australasian Steam Navigation Company complain of the invasion of their lines by the Queensland-Company. The' expression is a singular one,-but very significant. It tells us what are the views of the Company on the aabjeot of competition; it also reveals what is passing in the inner - mind of' the Directors, end «hows the public of Queensland Iwbat^tbey-may - expect if thoK IvMWS'.Bbmdd be '%arried'into ism»t-:''*J*»»«»wiiJ'«i -?? -?--?'- ??-?'?- ?We thank *h«*U.w.*-r teaching wlhat .;. r:*rorA?*,-.'n-.t. m--* -. ? ? ; ?';??? 'invasion!1* Of what P Of their maritime and territorial rights? - They bam not ehown »haV *bey possess any; and -«^ihuit it ^bardly probable that they wQl venture to assert that th» colon/ offQuMmdaad it as appan age of a Sydney trading company, These gentlemen seem to be labouring under some mental hallucination — they have deluded themselves into tile adoption of an idea which has become to them a source of monomania. They fancy that, because they were the first in the field, they have an ex clusive right to monopolise the whole steam communication between Queens land and Sydney, and to retain in perpe tuity the whole traffic between the two colonies. This monopoly they enjoyed for years, until roused into action by their overbearing demeanour, and op pressive exactions, the people of Queens land took up the matter, and esta blished a company of their own. This is the ' invasion ** complained of ; but it was one which might have been avoided, if the original company had been influenced1 and guided in their business amafranentaJivja liberal in .... na..f .... J^jPpinr If they had- reduced W^faiff ana flights, in proportion as thH trafficiincreased, they might have kept (he field to themselves — and carried on a profitable and in creasing business. No one would have felt disposed to interfere with them, because there wonld have been no ground for complaint on the part of the public ; and their position wonld have been too strong to fear any suc cessful 'invasion' on the part of mere speculators. But they were not so wise. The temptation to keep up high prices was too strong to he resis ted. The present advantages of mono poly were so great that they put aside all prudential considerations, which a wise foresight should have in duced them to entertain. Tlie consequences of this want of prudence and foresight are described in the dolo rous lamentation of the Directors, 'that ' there has been of late a great falling ' off in the Company's profits.' Of course, there has been the reduction of fares from £7 to £2 5s., this could be productive of no other result, especially when the invading forces have carried off something like a moiety of the traffic. Tbe report goes on to say : — ' These measures ntav not yet appear tn hare hud the d.-sired eff-ct, for time is also rcqnisite to prodnee it ; but it is helieved thev cannot fail to l-e effectual if fairly and folly carrieri ont ; and. with - nor concurrence, the Directors are quite |irep-rcd to make them stronger and more quickly operative, should snch a course seem to be eqnisite.*' The meaning of this is that the sy-s tern of competition adopted by the Australasian Steam Navigation Com pany has not yet produced the desired crushing effect, and that more time is required to accomplish that object. They (the Directors) .believe that, if their system be fully carrjrj1. out, it will have tlie effect of crushinrane Queens land Company ; hut to dofthis they ask ?JJ***BJ?|w^jpj|ice'j-f .IJusf-jalua lijllmiiai .soia^.~wvjtQjj«*2atib^yjuyuWrc6ncurrence9 ' t~U Directors SreqWe prepared 17 to make ' their meas^K?S/' stronger and more quickly operaOT?' — that is, in other words, they are unite prepared to reduce the fares to a stiil further ex tent in the hope of crashing out of existence the obnoxious ' invasion.' Having taken up this high position, the Directors take a leap in tbe dark, descending they know not whither — to the level of common sense. In the very next paragraph to that which we last, quoted, they admit, ou the part of the Queensland Company, ' an unques ' fionable right to enter into the same ' business we have so long been carry ' in£ on, and to do their best to wrest ' it from us, or to deprive is of as much ' of it as they possibly can.' This ad mission reminds us of the saying of an ancient author — ?? Faoilis decensns arerni.' The descent to this position is easy enough ; but, having so descended, how are the Directors of the Australasian Steam Navigation Company to mount up again to the -seventh heaven of their former monopoly. If they acquiesce in the right of the Queensland Company to invade their territory, how can they afterwards, consistently, wish to exclude tbemj Let the Directors, or rather the Company — for, have not the Com pany adopted the Directors' report ? — speak for themselves. ' If they,™ (the Queensland Company), 'slwnld be so ill-adri^i) «s tn persevere in their ill-judged attempt to deprive us of onr bnsineos, it may be well that they should know they most be prepared to make ereat sacrifice*, for, with yonr sanction, roar direc tors are prepared tn expend in defence of it more «han die entire amonnt of tlie Queens land Company's capital, if that should be necessary.** This is simply a threat — a low, vul gar, bullying threat — that the big, swaggering capitalists of Sydney, will gobble up the little Queensland Com pany. High- sounding words ; but they often mean nothing — just as 'hard words break ao bones.' But we know not whether to admire most the bump tious, braggadocio tone of the report, or the exceedingly clever way in which the Directors bavegot the shareholders to adopt it as their own. When the Directors say that they are prepared to expend in defence of their system of competition, 'More than the entire amount of the Queensland's t'ompany'fi capital,' they are not going to spend their Own, but the shareholders' money ; so 'that the Directors, in asking the shareholders to sanction such a scheme, treat them pretty much tie same as Mrs. Bond did her ducks, when she issued her memorable invitation to them — ?'Dilly.dilly, come ana be killed;' or, as another nunery rhyme invites the bird «f -classic ham — 'Goosey. gDMoy, come and be plnctod. If the tbreat bf thedirectoni be carried oat^tre nAy«akett for granted' that the geese- who maybe eaid to represent thelaigeJaapitaltet of tbe Australasian Steam' Navigation|«ompany, will be plucked, while the ducks, who repre sent *he vmaller teapitalista, will be killed -by 4nep^*d8s. With respect to the threat itself, if it oonld be carried in k- effect *noce«ifttlly. the result would be die annihilation of the Queensland Company, and tbe restoration of the monopoly, with its attendant high fares and freights, on the part of the other company. This is a consummation which, though de voutly wished by the Australasian Steam Navigation Company, we feel assured, the people of this colony will never allow. Instead of attempting to crush each other by insane competition, it would be much wiser, as it would be also safer, for them so to conduct their affairs as to ensure a fair and reasona ble profit upon the capital invested in their respective undertakings. This could be done without injury to the public, and to the manifest advantage of both companies. — Thnnd»j-, Febmaiy & 