AlMSCELLANI~A. It is sold that should a neow Arctic journey be undertaken, two or three of the daily papers in. tend to send out speeial correspondents. Lord Derby having translated the Iliad, ttis said that his lordship a next labor must be the transation of tie O'Diszey. (Olyssey.) Au attempt ois being made to ,et at a great pub. Ilo library foe Edinburgh, where booksof reference may he consulted by literary men as in the Briltish Museum. A poor tirl at Nottingham has almost lost her life through tile stupidity of a fellowoservant, who sprang out upon her in the character of a ghost. She was ipsensible for many. bours afterwards. The son of the late Mr. John Leech has been noeimnated by Earl Russell to the foundation of the Charterhouse. Tihe Presidency of, the Crystal Palaceo Art Union, hlas been offered to and' accpted by Mdr. Gladetone. An official return shows that the extent of our entire possessions, colonial and "military, or com. mercial, it 4,346,990 square miles i the population 152,774.072 ; revenue 57,945,5091. I expenditure, 58,345,3301. ; and public debt, 142,700,5061. Tus DIretnCoNY or RAlarAL.-PFew persons bare an adequate idea of what is really implied when the Register.General reports thiat the do. ficieney of rainfall at Greenwich in the last two years has amounted to nearly 14 inchles. If that is an average instanoe, representing the deficiency in the couutry generally, then the quantity of rain in Englan sd d Wales In 1813 and 1804 aes been below tihe usual quantity by at least 52,000,000,000ioun weight of water, or 500,000,000 per week. A Connecticut man has Invented a watch which is simpler in its mechanism titan ordinary watches andi will run 378 days with once winding. One of the n:oat prominent professors of Berlin Univeraity, ret owned for his philological tore, has gone mad ont a strange delusion that he has been robbed by 4 French [hatter, at whose iouse he lodged, ofcertain valuable manuscripts, of which Napoleon IIL has arvalod himself for tile forth coming "Life of Cesor." lie awraits the'issue of that work to begin a law suit against the French ,Emperor., LAcouanrna CocncDoEsNe.-ReentIly the Rev. Mir Spark, of Kirkwall, had a child baptized. By accident, not design, a hymn was given out for the pongregation tosing, the secotd verso of which upset the gravity of the gravest. It ran as tol. SAs sparks in close succession rise, So man, the child of woe, Is doomed to endless cares and tolls Through all his life below. Victor Townley, the murderer of Miss Good win, destroyved himsolfon Sunday afternoon 12th February, by jumping over the slaircase railings in Peutonvilto Prlson, on his return from. chapel. lie received a concousslon of the brain, and died in a elate of untconsclousness at elgtt the same even log.' - - : ItArLwAY DnIRBcrons s PnAatrnsaNe.-A list prepared for Bradshaeo's Moanual shows that Par. liament has opened wwith flity peers diroseors of railway companies, and 149 membher of the House of Contmons; the publication of the names of the Board cf toe Metropolitan Railway Com pany raises thle'latter number to 151, or three among every ticrteen members. Sandringham Hall,, the Norfolk seat of tile Prince of,!Valos,.narrowly escaped destruction by fire on thq luoroig of 9tt0 February. About three oolock thie housekeeper was aroused from slcop by a smell of smoke. The alarm anas given, and it was foetnd that a fire ihld broken out in a roomu In the centre of t11e building. Assistance wes oh taiced, and the flames were extinguiIhed, but nit before dcomago to the extent of £200 had be1u done. A few days before a fire was lighled in a room adjuining that now endnogered, and it is supposed that the red hot bricks at the back of tihe grate ignited a wooden beam which touched them, and thus caused the danger. A Neaw Itsnan OPe An OLD PrtOVaRcc. W\Vile a stater at Perth was plying his vocation the other day on the top of a houst it, that neigh borhood, a garrulous female took ocaelsio to lec ture hicm for choosing sutch a dangerous trade, addingc that the least puff uf wind might senlid him unprepared into eternity; "Oh I but you do not ken, goudawlf," quoth hIe of the htouse-top, "that I aui fulfilling tile Scrilftares P'" Fulfillitcg the Seriptiarep, JainIl clint's. impossible; for there's no e wod o' a stlater in lhe Bibleu that e'r I read or heald n.' "I am nevertloless right, thoughl," was the reply; "did ye never read in the Blibde, that it is better to dwell in a corner of tha housetop than with a brawildg woman in I wide house Y .: L i? -' Tn. 'RAILWAY Qb? raon.-Under this heading a series of very interesting and sensible letters signed "tRailway Engineer," have re cently. appeared in our columns. The seventht which conpletes;the series, will be found in to day's issue. The writer Is a gentleman both theoretically and practically acqualnted wilh the senject ; iand his style, free frem anything like affectation or professional mystlieism, Is elpar and hfis reasoning convlncig. In Iris first letter he shlowed that a terrible respon sability was incurred by thoes who through neg lect or ign canoein concatructing so-called cheap lines of railway, Jeopardised the lives anl peoe prlly of the publio; bhlst in hiis last letter Is shows that those are not the cheapest lines which oost the least in their first constructions bat.those which being economically yet soundly constructed, involve the smallest expenditure In their worklig and 'mainteunance. We hope our Sarreepohdent will not long lay aside his per. 