LITERATURE. Princes, Public Mon, and Pretty Women : Episodes in Peal Life. By FionÁ DAWSON. 2 vols. ' London : Riobard Bentley. Tho title of this boole seems to hove been adopted partly through' the suggestive influence of alliteration, and partly through the desire to offer a tompting announcement of tho contents of tho volumes. . We will not quarrel about tliis, for although many of the men who are spoken about were neither princes nor public characters, and some at least of the women were, wo doro not say ugly, but we will say plain, yet there is on the whole siifficient foundation to uphold the title if, like "Cornelius O'Dowd's" reminiscences, it had tailed- off 'with a " quilmsdam aliias." Tho author teUs us in her preface that she adheres strictly and simply to the facts as she remembers them, and this is calculated not only to give us confidence, but to excite our curiosity, for she further informs us that she has passed many years in foreign courts, mingled with men who aro now famous in story, and that she is connected by ties of friendship and consanguinity with several who were promi- nent actors in the leading events of the last fifty years. With this appetising foretaste, wo sit down to discuss the carte of the ban- quet, and not without satisfaction.. Some' of the. plats, it is. true, strike us ns being rather fanciful, and others a little stale, but as tho author reminds us, " truth is stranger than fiction, ' and we accept her guarantee for the genuineness of what sho offers. The author seems to have been acquainted with Murat, and to cherish a high opinion of his magnanimity. She tells many curious things illustrative of his fine qualities, yet showing that the natural disposition must frequently bo restrained in Icings, if not altogether reversed. The author know a young French lady, of high birth and groat beauty, who was made by Napoleon the unconscious bearer to Joachim of despatches which, had they boon dis- covered upon her, would have cost her her lifo. Joachim was, we are told, tho idol of tho fair sex at Naples, his infidelities and his wife's jealousy, which displayed itself in a system of undignified espionage, woro tho chief topics of conversation in tho butterfly court of Naples. The King as in all such cases, was painted blacker than. fcf> a-. _a A« bc xie coulü scarcoly speak to any kind of woman without tho Queen's knowledge, and a consequent outbreak of jealous wrath. Tliis folly of tho Queen's was for a time appeased by a practical joke played by Joachim's pages. Those young gentlemen wero engaged in the intorests of tho Queen, and supplied her with a tolei'ably constant stream of gossip about tho King's amours. Ono case appeared to baffle all their sagacity and industry. A mysterious lady closely veiled had been repeatedly admitted into Murat's private cabinet, and had eluded all attempts at discovery. Tho Queen was furious, tho useful and respectable court was dying of curiosity, tho pages were all at fault except one, who proposed that they should sonp tho stairs by which tho veiled lady usually retired, so that she might fall, when they would have an opportunity of lifting hor veil. Tho next time sho carno the stratagem was put in practice, but, instead of tho lady, Joachim himself came out, stepped oh tho stairs, and rolled to the very bottom, of thom. Ile boro tho accident well, and when he discovered tho trick that had been played, carried it off with a good humoured laugh. Tho affair . did not end hero. The pago who had contrived tho plot was the son of a nobleman who, having boon -suspected of favouring the Bourbons, had found it neces- sary to live with his lady in exile for many years, in much suffering. Joachim called the pago into bis cabinet tho next day, whon the veiled lady was present, and she proved to be his own mother, who was negotiating his father's, recall from exile. The aged Indy's anger was excessive, but tho kind- hearted Murat pacified her, granted lier peti- tion, and reconciled the mother and son. Tho' story got wind, and was very gratifying to jealous Caroline, though it does not appear to have added much to tho prudence or restraints of tho King. This talo nnd much moro concerning tho Murats in their royal state is very well I recorded, and will bo found worth reading ; by most people. In the story of " Tho Three Rogents " we havo a very good illus- tration of tho influence which the first Napoleon oxeroisod.ovor some of tho langs and princes of Germany, and of Iiis method of dealing with waverers and trimmers, with. a vio w from under tho surface of tho fatal days o£ Loipsio which crippled him for over, Ono of the best told stories in tho book refers to George Princo of "Wales in 1803, and is not altogether discreditable to him. We regret tin t our hp ico f jrbids us to quoto it at length, and to quoto it partially would bo to spoil it. Wo can only say that it reads vory liko what occurred botwoen Sheridan nnd tho Dunnings, with the exception of tho point which is doubtless original. Wo meet with somo gonuino glimpses of Washington Irving, tho peren- nial favourite, and they display tho wisdom, amiability and genius that mußt for over remain associated with his name. Ho was a true patriot, but he was also a far-off ohild of Britain, Ile loved his nativo land, and laboured fpr liér Avith tho sterling devotion of a wiso and honest spirit; but ho also fondly cherished tho glorious memo- ries of the country from which his ancestry wero derived. A war betwoen~"the two' appeared - to him on "unnatural and hideous strife, and it was. owing to him moro than once that it was avertod. Ho hated tho " high falutin," the " bunconab," and boasting in which the less reputable of his country- men indulge, just as much as ho did tho cool mendacity, tho misrepresentation, and solf-sufliciont arrogance of- some of our worst writers. A war between tho two countrios, which these incendiaries on both sides seem always ready to lend their aid to lundie, would have been to his gontlo and sagucious mind not less shocking than it would be to seo a mother and daughter tear- ing each other's throats. The contents of the volumes are very miscellaneous, but thoy aro all readable Those who care for ghosts, and thoso who like portents, will find something to ; their sovoral tastos, wliilst thoso who aro bucolically inclined may call upon Mr. Coke, of Holkham, and be introduced at tho same timo to his guests and to his short-horns. It is, in short, a book to talco up at any time, when ono has five minutos' leisure from moro important studies, and to be recurred to again and again without disappointment-Daily News. 