A COMING COMPETITION WALLAH (From the Bombay Gazette.) We have lately noticed going the round of most of the papers in this Presidency a paragraph, extracted from the Pioneer, to the effect that a son of Calcraft, the hang- man, is about to compete as a candidate for the Indian Civil Service, and that he is about to present himself before the examiners under a feigned name. This latter statement, we sincerely trust, will turn out to be without foundation, as it would imply that the prejudice against the profession of the father was absolutely overwhelming, even in the nineteenth century, and the adoption of such a shift would argue a weakness of mind on the part of the young Calcraft, with which the fact of his having the pluck to compete at all is hardly com- patible. What is the reason of the wonderful prejudice against the profession of hangman? Co at an metier comme un mitre, and we have little doubt that Mr. Calcraft possesses the esteem of a circle of friends and acquaintances just as much as many of ourselves, who loathe the name of his calling. The popular idea of Jack Ketch is a stalwart, unkempt, and ferocious ruffian, barely hiding his gleaming eyes and ghost-like visage under the black mask, which humanity has made the monster wear, in order to soothe the last hours of the poor victim who is an object of general city, having only in a moment of excitement dashed his infant to death on the floor, and then cut his wife's throat. This interesting criminal is to be petted up, and have In s future looked after by the care of the chaplain, and must not be permitted to shudder at the horrid aspect of the bloated minion of the cruel law. Popular fancy further pictures to itself the bloated minion in question as somewhat resembling the gentleman at Astley's, who appears cantering round the ring as a stout Dutchman, and after dis- carding numerous suits of clothes, ultimately presents himself in rights to the spectators as the Apollo Belvidere. Popular fancy we say, endows its ideal Jack Ketch with illimitable wardrobes, full of the spoils of deceased victims, and mostly consisting of corduroy breeches and hobnailed boots, with a fair sprinkling of bird's eye fogies and belcher handkerchiefs. There is also a common belief that the legal executive turns an honest penny by disposing of the pieces of rope with which any distinguished murderer has been hanged. Really, in the days of Darwin, Buckle, Colenso, and with the warning example of Dr. Cumming before us, these ignorant superstitions are astonishing. We can find means of rehabilitating Nero, Catiline, Henry the Eighth, and perhaps some day even Judas Iscariot, and yet we throw absurd and groundless obloquy on a man who but does his duty in that state of life to which it has pleased God to call him. We firmly believe that Mr. Calcraft is an estimable member of society, and that in actual life many of our readers may have met him, sat by his side in the railway carriage, conversed with him, and exchanged the Saturday Review for the Times with him that they may have been favorably impressed with the quiet, unassuming manners of the pale gentleman in sad colored garments, who has unobtrusively displayed much information and power of original thought on the topics of the day, the coming elections, the next stop of Louis Napoleon with reference to Mexico, and the probable cheapening of the manufacture of the magnesium wire. What is it to his fellow passengers that he gains his living by becoming the agent of the extreme penalty of the law, rather than by breaking on the stock exchange, shooting rebel Maoris, or brewing strong ales ? Wherein is the disgrace of the calling? Is every man who hangs another a blot on humanity ? Not a bit of it. In the Indian mutiny, for instance, the hanging business was looked on with a very favorable eye. The Provost Marshal was not necessarily unpopular, nor did he in any way object to his duties. We remember a case in point. A sergeant, who was acting as provost at Delhi, used to hang numberless rebels in a very simple way; he tied a rope to the branch of a tree, and made a man go down on his hands and knees, thus affording a back for the culprit to stand upon. The rope was then adjusted, and the human scaffold sank suddenly flat on the ground, giving thus a drop of about 10 inches. Some of the more humane spectators one day expostulated with the provost sergeant, saying that the drop w was not sufficient, and that the man was simply strangled, not hanged. " Well, sir," replied the sergeant, " I assure you we've never had any complaint." Now, in this case, hanging appears to have been considered meritorious in comparison with strangling, yet the Thug, though avoided on account of his dangerous propensities, would not otherwise excite the same feelings of disgust which irrational Englishmen express regarding Mr. Calcraft. Yet no one would object to the son of a Thug becoming a writer in the Commissariat or other office, supposing him to be duly qualified. The file of men who shoot a fellow soldier by sentence of court-martial are not held to be any way disgraced by the deed, nor is the trumpeter who flags his comrade at all avoided in the barrack-room. A distinguished officer in the army once hanged a man in Ireland with his own hands ; the hangman bungled the business and tied the knot wrongly, till the commandant of the armed party keep- ing order lost patience and officiated himself. Is it to be supposed that he lost caste in society by so doing ? We are not aware what pay may be attached to the post of hangman. The duties are unquestionably light. We fancy that the average days' employment in the year scarcely amounts to twenty, and even on these the work is over by a quarter past 8 in the morning. The duty itself is not necessarily a brutal one, and it may be Mr. Citlcraft's pride to " do his spiriting gently," and spare the blood-stained criminal unnecessary torture. Even supposing that the office of executioner is everything that is bad, and that it is right and proper that the holder of it should be an outcast, a pariah, granting even that all the obloquy of the position is deserved, who are we that we should visit the sins of the father upon the children ? What right have we to judge in this matter? The facts of the case, as far as known, are all the other way. We find that, so far from living in a state of squalid brutality, the despised hangman has educated his children well, and has rendered them, in spite of every disadvantage, able to cope with those who, from their youth upwards, have enjoyed the smiles of fortune and friends. We do not think competition the universal panacea for government ills, which it has often been proclaimed to be, but we cannot blame a system which gives a worthy man an opportunity of showing to the world that some good thing may come out of Nazareth. It must be remembered that we have not in England a number of hangmen, forming themselves into a profession or guild; there is but one, and on him depends the dignity of his position. If all scavengers were gentlemen, the night trade would be in great request, and if the hangman makes a gentleman of himself, he elevates his profession, which would appear to be fairly lucrative; in fact, there is but one Calcraft, and considerable is his profit! 