INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITION OF MERINO WOOL. to the editor of the arqus. ] Sir,-In January last an exhibition of wool took place in our stores. It was confined to merino wool, but open to all the colonies. The arrangement was that the wool should be divided into three classes, of which the first two were to determine the greatest value of sixty fleeces, whether washed or greasy ; and tho third was merely to determine the highest value per pound. Each exhibitor had to state tho time during which the wool had been growing ; and, as that exceeded or fell short of twelve months, weight was deducted or added, so as to put all the competitors on the same footing. Two balee were sent in for each class, one to be valued and afterwards sold by auction here, the other to bo sent to London to do valued and disposed of there. The brands put upon the bales when they were sent In were not thoso of the station but privato marks, known only to ourselves and the owners. The bales sent to England bad these private marks obliterated, and others placed on them instead, known only to ourselves, so that neither here nor in England could either judges or buyers know whose wool they were valuing or buying. At the time the exhibition took place here, a statement appeared in your columns of the results and the names of the woolgrowers to whom the prizes had then been awarded. The wool intended for exhi- bition and sale in England was forwarded by tlie steamship London, consigned to our opents, Messrs. James Morrison and Co. By this mail we have received from these gentle- men full particulars, both of the valuations of the wooli) and of the subsequent eales. Knowing that the result will be looked for with interest by many of your readers who are connected with pastoral pursuits, we have thrown the whole into a tabular form, so as to show at a glance the opinions expressed upon tho wools here by the colonial judges, those expressed upon them by the London judges, and the actual grosB proceeds of each b.tle. We also subjoin copy of a letter addressed by the London judges to our friends, Messrs. J. Morrison and Co., together with extracts fiom the letters of Messrs. J. Morrison and Co., and of Messrs, Willans, Overbury, and Co., the brokerp, to ourselves. i Wo are, Sir, Your most obedient servants, CUNINQHAM and MACREDIE. AnBtralasian Wool Stores, Melbourne, July 24. MELBOURNE. and Clash I. W. Degraves Co. (1) .. T. and S. Lear mouth (2) 3\. Cumming (3) .. F. Ormond, Jun. (j) J. I. Currie (S) .. 1', Russell (0) T. F. Cumming(7).. J. Mackersey (8) ,. R. Q. Kormodo (0) Ct-Ass II.-(Orcasy).t T. and S. Lear- month (10) T. Shaw, jun. (11).. A. S. Robertson (12) J. L. Currie (13) ,. D. M'Kollar(14) ., 1>. Russell (15) .. T. Buaw.jun. (IO).. W. Davies (17) .. Cl.ABB lll.l B. Q. Kormodo (l8) P, Bussell (IO) T. and S. Lear month (20) T. and S. Lear- month (21) J. W. Wilson (22) .. T. F. Cumming 123' F. Ormond, jun. (24' J. Cumming (20) .; J. Blair (20).. J. L. Currlo (27) ., John Mackersey (2S) 1 OJ 0 10 1 0. 0 11 1 K 1 " 0 0. Oil ? Ü 1 0 £ s. d. 20 S 2 24 2 0 22 14 8 22 9 8 22 0 0 21 14 0 21 6 1 l8 19 81 l8 4 7 IO 9 IO 0 IS 12 17 10 17 0 s. d. 110JI 2 0] 2 3 2 H 2 21 with- drawn 2 e With drawn 1 Î! I 0: 1 Ü 1 1! With-, drawn 1 o: 2 11 2 0} 2 Oil 2-*l lal prize 2d prlzo |3d prize 1st prlzo 2d prize 3d prize 1st prlzo 2d prize of lu " For tho most >aluablo sixty owes' flooccs washed wool. t For the most valuablo sixty ewoä' fleeces grease. 1 For washed fleece wool or tho highest value per pound in a bale of not less than 2001b. weight. (1) Splendid combing ¡ very doBlrablo wool ¡ heavy skirts. (2) Superior combing and quality ; fair condition ; very dcslrablo wool. (3) Heavy in condition ; sklrty ; well stapled. (4) Hca\ y in condition ; more Bkirty than lot 1 ; well grown ; a few tender rlcoccs. (6) Very light In condition ; good combing ; not flrft-rato quality. (0) In good condition ; veiy sklrty; should havo teen »horn a little ealller. (7) Bost condition ; first-class combing ¡ suitable for the present market. (8) Not In »rood condition ; ordinary breed. (0) Very superior in condition ; thin and tonder in tho staple and skirts. (10) Superior quBllty ! good combing. (11) Well bred ; combing very heavy. (12) Heavier than Lot 1 ; bettor length, and well gron ii. !13) Very well bred ¡ vory heavy. 141 Well bred ; lightest lot of greasy. 15) Very heavy ; nell stapled. 10) Well bred ; hoarier than last lot. 17) Short ; ordinary breed ; a little lighter. l8) In magnificent condition ; has every good quality. (10) Very superior In brood, quality, longth, and condition. (20) Beautiful wool In condition and quality. (21) Beautiful wool In condition and quality. (22) Very light In condition ; not particularly well grown. (23) Very light in condition J soft Bllky wool ; combing. (24) Superior combing mid quality ; fair condition. (26) Good combing ¡ woll grown J good condition and quality. (20) Well grown ; good combing ; a littlo heavy in condition. (27) In light condition ; mostly clothing. (28) Badly got up ; fair medium wool. Class IV W. Degraves anil Co. (1) T, and S. Lear month (2) F. Ormond, Jun. (3) P. Russell (4) J. L. Currie (fi) .. J. Cumming (G) .. T. F. Cumming (7). It. 0. Kormodo (8), J. Mackersey (0) ., CtAHBV.-{Greasy.)| T. Shaw, jun. (10) . A.B. Hobortson (11) T. nuil S. Lear- month (12) P. Kuksoll (13) . T. Shaw, Jun. (li) J. L. Currie (IG) . D. li'Kellar (10) . W. Davies (17) . Cl/ASS Vl.t T. and S. Lear- month (IS) T. mid S. Lear- month (IO) 11\. Q. Kormocio (20) P. Itusscll (21) J. L. Currie (22) F.Ornionil, jun. (23) J. W. Wilson (24).. J. Cumming (25) .. T. F. Cumming (20) J. Blair (27) J. Mackersey (28).. Evriu Stock. (Greasy Wool). C. Maektiight(2D).. lu 2022 0 2 4 ill' 174 207Í1 111 1 41 1 41 I I} 1.311 SE a. el. 4 0 | IG O 2 4 13 0 2 8 1st prlzo 34 14 7 3rd prize 28 11 1 27 13 0 2d prize " l8 IO 0 S ,2 4 2 1 ¡2 4J 23 16 ¡ 17 2 2. 0 20 IO IS 0 i2 3 i S 412 8 i 11 7 : 13 71 I 17 , 10 101 3 ;t> 2 10) 2 11 0 10} 7 2 4 1 6 20 11 3 23 l8 1 35 14 O 1st prize 20 3 O 2d prizo l8 6 14 3 3rd prlzo ¡23 O 2 l8 IS 3 1st prize 2d prize * For tho moat valuablo sixty owes' lloocos of washed wool. t For the most valuablo Blxty evvos' llooces In grease. ( For washed fleece wool of tho hlgliost valuó per pound In a balo oí not lois than 2001b. weight. § Ab no exhibitor on tako moro than odo prlzo In tho carno class, tho second prlzo falls to Mr. Ker- mode. C1) Well-grown ; good usoful wool, but vory sklrty. (2) Exccllont combiner ; well bred, and In vory (rood condition, but rather largo proportion of skirts. IS) Excellent combing ¡ good quality ; many skirts. (4) Beautiful ,balo ; good combing ; superior brood and quality. (6) Considerable proportion of old wool well skirted, but curly, and in this respoct objectionable to combors. (0) Not well skirted, but in good condition ; also Irregular, ! (7) Good many skirls ; light good combing ; old w ooi, and not fine. (8)Splendid condition; a littlo Irregular mixed combine; and clothing. (0) Well skirted, well grown, but sulphurous, and not very well washed. (10) Deal of locks ; vory lioavy ; good broîd. (11) Vory good combing ; goöel quality ; well bred, and good condition. (12) Good bred ; good combing ; but vory sklrty and heavy. (l8) Not quito so long but finor J quito oqual In valuo to No. - (14) Good bred and good combing ; but vory lioavy. (16) Good bred ; many bad locks ; also vory lioavy. (10) Good bred wool ; good combing ; but rathor heavy. (17) Fair condition, but poor bred ; and mostly clotlilrit. (18) Magnificent wool ; all that can bo dcslrod with reference to quality, condition, length, and breed. But such wools, for certain purposes, would bo bought regardless of price. (10) Beautiful halo ; well grown ; brood and con- dition very superior. (20) A magnificent bale of wool ; condition and quality superb ; not long grown, but sufficiently long for tho purposes of French combers. (21) All noggets; a very valuablo wool ; Bplondld combing ; very long, but not vory Ano. (2i) Good quality and good combing, but hore and there a tender ¡leece. (23) Well bred ; very good condition, and oxcollcnt combing. (24) Splendid condition; not Ano; very gooel comb- ing. (2i) Very well grown ; extra combing ; good con- dition and good breed. (20) Very good combing ; excellent breed ; rather sulphurous, and a littlo fatty. (27) Very good combing; well bred; condition middling. (28) Very good combing ; well bred ; condition middling ; rather sulphurous. (20) Good combing, good bred, and fair condition. W. niCK, J. DODOSIIUN, F. WX.TTBIKE1 ,", , J. GaKdehbok, p. n. Walker, J-mages. " Report of Messrs. J.Moore, Ed ward Rhodes, Ed. Richon, and John Murray, the chosen Judges, on Twenty-nine Bales 'Exhibition* Wool, ex London, from Melbourne, con- signed to Messrs. James Morrison and Co, Philpot-lane. " LondoD, 11th May, 1863. '. Messrs. James Morrison and Co., " Gentlemen,-The wools which have to- day been submitted to our notice, we have examined very carefully, and we now beg to subjoin the conclusions at which we have arrived. We wonld also beg to observo that every bale has been tested with reference to its own particular merits, of whatever kind, and with a special regard to its valuo in tho market at the prosent moment. " Wo have only farther t* add that we do not think we should have entiroly fulfilled our duties if we did not point out to the pro- ducers that thero is some danger in introduc- ing too freely tho leicester breed of sheep. Such a course at tho present moment (and under exceptional circumstances) may be profitable, but it would eventually result in shutting out the producers of such wool from, the competition of two important classes cf buyers-viz., the foreigners and the English ? buyers of clothing wool. (Signed) "Woaro, &c.; " J. Moons. '. Erwarb Rhodes. "Ed. Rioiioh. "Jno. Mujibaï." Extracts from letter addressed by Messrs. James Morrison and Co. to Messrs. Con- ingham and Macredie, datod London, May 25 : " In our letter to you of the 25th nit., we intimated the arrival of the London, having on board the twenty-nine bales exhibition wool. In regard to these, we have carried out the instructions contained in your letter of 25th January. The bales wero landed iu good order, and warehoused at John Cooper's new warehouse. The 10th inst, (tho day before the commoncomont of the sales) was appointed by ourselves and our colleagues (Messrs. Bostock, Ronald, and Youl) for the examination of the wools and tho de- cision of the judges. Five judges were ohosen by the five brokers (say Moaara. Ja- comb, Hughes, Simes, Southey, and Willans), with whom communicition had been oponed. One of the judges was unable to attona, but this was of little importance as he carno from the west of England, and the wools in which he has had experience are of a different cha- racter to thoso ho was chosen to oxamlne and leport upon. Tho names of the four gentle- men who acted as judges, you will find attached to the printed, report, namely, Messrs. J. Moore, Edwd. Rhodes, Edwd. Richon, and John Murray. At the examina- tion of the wools, each bale was placed apart, opened, atod most carefully examined by tho gentlemen named ; und, as the examination preceeded, the general aspect of the whole exhibition' commanded very marked admi- ration. "The judges have affixed their value to each bale, and accompanied tholr report with a letter, in which they point out the danger of introducing too freely the Leicester breed. We understand that on these values you base your calculations and award your prizes. "There was extraordinary uuaniinity in the ideas of the judges. They prepared us beforehand-and our own experience had prepared us-for some discrepancies between tbeir valuations and the sala prices, and you aro aware, from the manner in which the Bale-room is constituted, that one cannot look for anything Uko uniformity of prices at ournublioauctionsin Biugle-balo lots, and espe- cially when they aro ' sporting ' lots like these. Tho judges valued low, but on one uniform scale, the sale prices, you will porcalve, keep a genual relation in tho advance ulmo tho judges' valuations. The exceptions to this relative advance aro in oases where more or less personal feeling was imported into the biddlugs. This was especially the case In lot l8 (Mr. Currie's«1), which fetched 83.3Jd., whereas 15 (Mr. Learmonth's), a greatly batter bale, fetched only 3s. 2_d. " Great surprise has boen expressed to us at this icEult, and it is not to be taken as a true test of rolatlve valuo. The judges' valuations, calmly taken before tho Bales, and perfectly free from competitive feeling, are tho true test, and wo may state that the views of tho judges aro in no respect modified by the result of the sales." Extracts from letter addressed by Messrs. Willaus, Ovorbury, and Co., to Mesará. Oun ingtanm and Macredie, dated London, 25th May, 1865. " . . , By this mail wo send you a quantity of priced catalogues of our sale of tho 16th inst, with full particulars of the sale of the ' sister' exhibition bales. . . . The report of the judges was made somo days {irior to the sale of (he wool, and wa may tero state that Mr. Hooper, the judge ap- ' pointed by Messrs.T.Southey and Son.wasun avoidably absent-heneo only four signed the report. You will not fall to notice that the highest price realized was for bale No. l8 (J. L. Currle's), whicli wsb valued at 8J. .per lb. less than No. 15 (T. and S. Learmonth'*). The buyer of No. l8 purchased it in mistake, and entirely owing- to on Incorrect reading of his-, valuation in the sale-room. Hence, wo wish you to make this known, as othorwiso it. would appear to cost a reflection upon the decision of the judges, who wero unanimous in their opinion that No. 15 was out and out. the best bale. In confirmation of the last paragiaph of tho report, wo may say that several of the largOBt French buyers have in- formed us during the last day or two that they aro very sorty iudeod that thoy can no longer meet with the fine flookB they formerly crime constantly in contact with, and urge ua. strongly to discourago as far as wa possibly can tim croBBing of tho fine with tho Loices tcr sheep." * The names of tho grow ora in tho foreejolntr lot tors aro Inserted by oursolvos.-C. and JI, TO TUB EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sii-Referring to the communication which appears in your columns of this date from Messrs. Coningham and Macredie, I beg, on behalf of tho promoters of tho Inter- colonial Wool Show, to express tho high satisfaction which Is felt at the manner in which all the arrangements connected with this exhibition have been carried out ; firat of all, by Messrs. Cuuingham and Macredie hero ; and, secondly, by their agents in Lon- don (McBErs. James Morrison and Co.), and by the gentlomen who were associated with them (Messrs. E. R. Rostock, B. Ronald, and E. Youl). The thanks of the promotera are nlsojustly due to the brokers who appointed the judges In London, and to tho judges themselves, I I am» Sir, your obedient servant, THOMAS SHAW, Jun , Hon. Sec. Intercolonial Exhibition of Wool. Melbourne, July 24. A Fomunate Speculation.-A short time since a laige ship laden with cotton was wrecked on the coast of Ireland, and when tho agent of the underwriters visited the wreck he found that the cotton was unpacked, and floatlDg upon tho waves on tho rugged shores opposite Itosscarbcrry. Tho Boa was whiton«! for miles with 600 tons of cotton, which it was determined to oller for sale by auction, The highest bidder proved to he a Liverpool speculator, who was suffiolontly venturesome to offer £250, or lOj. por ton for tho whole quantity. At this figuro it was knocked down to him, and ho at once sot to work to scoure tho cotton which had boen thus cast upon the waters. The sea brought it to tho shore as fast as it could bo picked up, and soon fifty acres of land were covered with tho produce of the enrgo, and nearly a hundred men and women were employed in turning it about, after the manner of making hay, until it was dry. It was then piled up in enormous ricks, and ultimately shipped for Liverpool. Ia this way nearly the wholo was saved, and the cotton bought at 10s. nor ton was sold for öd. per lb., or about £60 per ton. Tho lucky speculator, after paying all expenses, realised a profit of £20,000 upon his original vonturo of £,2(ß.-Liverj?ool Slircury. The American " Feonians" calculate upon making Ireland freo and independent, in order that it may belong to the United States, and become the vanguard of a democratic propaganda of republican institutions. Tub Richmond Whig, whoso " motto Ib Sic eemjier tyrannis, bas dropped it at the request of the I'rovost-Marshal-General." The GHOST of Professor Pepper has been declared to be a stage player, and has been informed that he must for the future take out a licence for his appearance. 