POLITICAL SHAMS. TO TIIE EDITOn OF THE AOE. Sir, — I assert that this is the age of shams in Victoria. We have a sham Opposition, ltd by George Collins Levey oka O'Sbauassy, laid up with the gout. We have a sham House of Lords, lorded over by Fellows, tho members of which tho versatile Faivkner designates as the real (shr.m) friends of the people. Wo have had sham meetings and shum petitions from sham Chambers of Com merce, Rot up under the auspices of the tfreatshani importers of devil's dust aud shoddy. In Balka rat we have a sham Chamber of Commerce that long ago yielded up tho ghost of sheer inanition, suddenly galvanised into temporary existence hy the magic wand of a Smith and a. Jones, to adopt a memorial to tho Queen condemnatory of the Gover nor and his Ministry. The eventful day arrived when the meeting shonld be held. Nino persons mustered in solemn force. There waB W. C. Smith, president of tho Balluarat Free Trade League ; Joseph Jones, its treasurer ; and Messrs Wauliss and Jus. Baker, two members of the committee of the same body. Two of the nine were opposed to 1ia triApt.inrf ? rp.vpii rnmninpd ? mid nf llti« tminlmi. four, it will be seen, or tho majority who were whipped up for the occasion, were members of the Free Trade League. Tho memorial was pompously adopted with all the gravity commensurate with the important occasion. It ran thus: — 'We, the merchants, traders, manufacturers, aud other citizens of Ballaarat, members of the Ballaarat Chamber of Commerce,' &c.; Now, Sir, was not this memorial a sham ? Was not the meeting a sham ; and were not every one of the seven per sons who adopted such memorial consummate shams ? ' The merchants, traders and manufac turers' of Ballaarat, represented by Jones, the coffee grinder ! Smith, the land-jobber, whose occu pation, thanks to Mr Grant, is now gone ; and Baker, the shurebroker ! Why, Sir, talk about tho three renowned tailors of Tooley-street, their fire will pale effectually before the flickering torch kindlo 1 by the genius of a Jones. ' Merchants and manufacturers.' Pahaw ! Where were they ? Not at the meeting. True, there was one manufacturer present, Mr T. D. Wanlisa, the proprietor of wuv uiutuiu^ jisuiuu* nuivu ujuumubiiUina faUU thuuder for the Free Trado League, and conse quently is patronised by the softgoo:!s men. Ano'.her memorial was got up under the auspices of the Free Trade League, purporting to be from the people of Ballaarat. For three weeks, five paid agents were to bo seen scampering through the country hunting up signatures to this precious document. The wilds of Bungaree had especial attractions for one of these paid agents, a recent employe of t'ue Bungaree read board, and yet the pttitiou was from the inhabitants of Ballaarat. Here, Sir, is another sham. Gentlemen of the Free Trade League, ciomo out of your shells ; moet the peoplo boldly, give up the ticket dodge, and tho meetings of sixes and sevens, which you designate as composed of ' merchants and manufacturers.' Eschew shams and selfishness. In your descent you seek to drag the Upper House with you, which bo.ly, as Pitt would say 'Is the rotten part o£ the Constitution. It cannot continue ; if it does not drop, it must be amputated.' 30tb October, 1865. BALLAARAT. Snakes.— Here is another snake story from Ararat : — ' The largest snake we have seen this year wns killed by Mr John Bashain, on Friday last, at Opossum Gaily, and carried home by him to Ararat as a trophy. The reptile was of the brown species, and measured about five feet four inches in length. It ia a mis take to suppose that the bite of the brown snake is not deadly ; if the venom be not so sudden in its effect as that of the carpet snake, it is certainly as sure, if the proper remedies be not applied witbont delay. We hear of great numbers and of every species of snake being seen in the neighborhood this year. It is to be feared, too, that they will in crease very considerably, as it is not at all likely that the gross in this locality will be long enough to cause buBh fires, and as thiB is the seasonable occurrence which keeps the number of snakes small, their increase will probably not be checked by what, in so far as these reptiles are concerned, is a whole Bome visitation.'- , 