' MR. SfiOETSIGHTS JO^RNBiTNGS. 9 (Shewing mmy txtntrdinary thi, . thA nwy **PP*M a man in tht bt n.J ja rv. -m It was quite dark when we rea- -ed the digjingi,M ?to tell you fixe trutk I hardly iow hov prope'Jl describe the Bight which then i H my eyes, it «*? novel, so unlike anything tha; -* I b»A yen teW that I stood like one who ha : f me suddenly vm some enchanted ground. Xlu ''WerbienoniiM field before, having contented ?-:neV tithsrto *? seeing only just bo much of tha .? tenor of tie cam as is accessible by rail. J And here again I must digr to remark once m upon the wiSocn, the skill, ' fof8ht-n^a ability of our Government. J inotbr''^^3 shortsighted or bo time servi ** you anAtowm thinkwth you, -would have t r-eopte to betoe M never should I have heooiw ?? My »''S.?I wmderful cleverness had J. ?' ™™-lmZSM me, unaccustomed journey. ? w, I f 'Jf^S until I had commenced n twve^ «*J 'H astonished that a Gove/iur. .t, so «w»JM enlightened as the one we nn possess, ' itouw m neglected to push on our rw ^ ^ ^W hale done. 1 wonder no to .er. *»?«'£$? become obvious, and again I -a lost » ?*Kl the wonderful sagacity U- . '« '^5*3 played. Knowing that t-* '*-* ***££#* Into the interior, the mor. ? ?'. W'Lf*^a finders Trill reach, they *?*£-£&*&& against anything of th ,x by k*g£ ™M extension of the railway ^ ^ 'P°S»u* opening it up tospotsstvbi .^£^3 bWiSde to wk * the *« 'WJ SSS and to impress fevouiabi) '. ?,1™'!™'^ are sure to follow after - ?: -,'w Jung eugue, m You know very well n.a v^B'T'tiito« or Mrs. Thompson hate, * - : caugW ««?« in disorder, and though prf -'Vi^TM enance her heart is flit.,, v--. ^'g !S the visitor who comes ^ ?',''8PI(ip?:' ddearS have some warning, so . j to 'Te ? »J- fe 3M and polishing, and to V to eP«»; * ^H negCenay-( reclining .- ^S^taSl poems of 'that dear ..,- --?-U, M» 'i 0ITB tub. It is fust about i- ?^?L™]mZkmW old dame, Ae Governm. .. ?^ Trjj£ to-9 makers or excursionute ,? ^''B^S 4 roads, perhaps for the , f?vsen^'M| « them papers,' which - ?* -y 'S^U, of tfl iftheyareBoutteriyreg .-«:-?«J(J£ b M to read them. The ' *? ? f' ™£ ff ^« refer to the letters, not ? ti.r Paffi£renHB have the very highest it «?? ? ««™ '$£? don't want AiB sort of ' ui«. f^miM towns and roads have V '.i f« »?£' w M tains. Would not ever '& (r-»**i ^M have hto «tfcta** ?elW*-va* ff*£l| meat, a little-just a ray Uttte, bit«w»|| m ZZn- Vsrtinite, an Eagarite, or a Lucasian would he t ii i.vHiiBtely call for pens ink and paper, aud r.t..Uy write a letter to ' them papers ?' Or, ?7vp , a man of no party would not his heart Weed iith ? jussion for the people of the West at seeing Aero . av through the interesting but somewhat mono'. .' as mountain scenery in its present state of not-to ' Lravelled-ness . Aiii' now, men of business are whisked over them I vnV ' as I have before described, and whatever thev n ' feel- tiiey see notllinS i ?'* ** a western man rocsi. down by day and makes known the state of flairs '? ' growlings are Bet down to the fact that he ? g v em man, and therefore of necessity in a 'l ror ' '?' ite of grumble, wherein all western men are nmi ) 10 be. Now you see by the time the rail ib altowf ^ re&cl1; Blackheath, everything will be in amir- i' order. There will be roads in good order nst s 't a* an excursionist may travel with the lnnc tting back again to catch the train. I pre umc ^e same to the south and in the north, XJJ,,, neither of these has my experience ex fpnde With a Government so thoughtful and far sLmo * *e one we novr possess, it must be so of wees' V And now ?will you in your obstinacy still -«.rt ? ( the Government have not the interest of th« p p'io at heart Beelng that they prevent large numb ? of persons from flidgetting about what Jw »'t help and murmuring about what would not'b au'.ded, even if they grumbled over it more than °°' never to -)e B^tisEed people of the west jmvc cl: doing these last ever so many years. My .iinyanion and I had turned off the road, and «»m- ?? ;bine through, the bush for rather more than a mile ' e gradually descended a high hill. When about -If ?*»-' down tlliB' * «ould see the lights of the Stori-. ? in the valley below. There were numerous firee 1 ruing in all directions, — the cooking fires of the m em as my companion informed me. The intaabi uito seemed to be dwellere in tents, and the create P'1 of tnese were clear1}' 'risible. «s the lights insidf showing through the calico, gave the tents the anne- »nce of so many Chinese lanterns on a large ?flCBl'' Tnw tents were scattered about sometimes in r ? m'jS sometimes singly ; and as we got nearer to then1 ''-' ''Snt softened by passing through the calico Tf,s ? '.ected back from the white trunks of the gum trees ltd glinted even from the boughs and leaves jueii 'jrhead. A confused hum of many voices rose JnTfi the encampment, and mingled with it, not innar jnioualy was the occasional sound of the axe »' a fire reauired to be replenished, and the ring of tin Hummer on the anvil as the blacksmiths 8hair 'll?d the picks for the next day's work. This hiur voices was soon accounted for, as, on passing thef.-l tent, I found I could hear every word that w»s s i by those inside, and I asked myself where on -\ n the miners went to tell their secrets? Perl ?« to the bottom of their shafts — certainly not to their ??»». In one tent might be heard a party eng;.; d in a most exciting conversation about dirt and ' -h and ether things that I could make neither he»G Jr tail of. In another a man was reading to his i te a piece of news which I had heard a fort nigh' -lefore starting. In a third there was loud and ener, .ic if not harmonious singing, every verse ending with1 'horns in which all present, and some voices from ? adjoii. ng tents, joined most enthusiastically. There were ogB about in all directions. The first sound of our : rees' hoofs on the hill side that had reached them I'-ad been the signal for every dog on the place toco 'mence barking, and now as we rode along, one J/el; -g dog took up his parable against us, as another eft' ? ). after having Been us pass beyond what he con cei ' to be his beat. 1 y (.umpanion paused only once or twice to ask din lions, but never seemed to get off the road he req- red to go, threading his way amongst tents and fire.- -od bushes, and over cuts and drains, and round whs appeared to me to be heaps of dirt in a manner tha' uite astonished me. At last he reached a tent, loo^ i at it and exclaimed 'Here we are!' Then ? dip, .anting, he went to what appeared to be the en* . ice and shouted ' Now then, Bill-ee '.' '? ho on eirth's that!' cried a voice inside, 'If tha i in' t Tom Diggs, it's his ghost, and it wants three or ft rhoursto ghost time, yet!' ' :iin.'t a ghoBt yet, Billee,' said Tom, ' I means to get i pile of nuggetts afore it comes to that.' ' ' ' litre's two on you,' called out the voice, ' I heard two ses— Who've yer got there ?' ' : cove,' answered Tom, ' as is a going round to havt . look at everyt&ink; in general ; and as he ain't sen )ccn on a diggings afore, I brought him to you, kno . -'.£ as vou could waken him up a bit.' 'I'yword, I can!' shouted Billy, still inside, 'bu'sin't you a comin' in r' B, did not put himself to any personal incon veniv- . e in proffering his hospitality, for he never mov ? ' xom the position he occupied when I first saw him ' oughthe opening of the tent; and this was, hint, »» kind of stretcher made from two ordinary three 'ir; .el bags stretched upon two saplings, the \- sapl-. :s being supported by four stakes driven into theg .'ur.d. ' i) right !' answered Tom, ' I'm only undressing old i leboses and getting the swag ofi him, and tfren I'm . ady for afeed.' And by the time he had done spca ng he had everything off his horse, and hobbles ? on ti animal's feet. ' Now then, old 'un,' he con tim. -f| turning to me, ' ain't you ready r' I -ghted, took off the saddle, but had to confess that had no hobbles. To tell truth, I did not know that suiii things were wanted. I had seen them befo ?. Sjmging up in shops of streets the most fre ? quc. cd by bushmen, but had not the slightest idea ?wh-i t'- y were used for. ' ' ^ell, you area pretty cove !' and I knew by the ton- .f voice in which Tom spoke that I had fallen sevrT^l degrees in his estimation. ' How did you ever iqtect to travel through the diggings and the bush vithout hobbles ? You don't mean to tope your hors : up to a gum tree, do yer ?' he asked almost indiyj&i.tly.; ' .^i-.-! take these ere!' called out the voice inside, anO. l me same time something fell clanking at my feet, M-±. 1 presume were hobbles: I was as bad off as '., .?[, is I didn't know how to put them on, but Toir g-u me out of this difficulty, for, saying ' V- -i: 'em. here !' he almost snatched mem from :,: and fastened them on the. .horse's ff ' ' -.c animal, unused to the articles, made the t. . sbLiird efforts at progression, and evidently won de-^(i w'.r.thehaddonethathe should be put te such ini';gnUv. ' Ana now,' said Dick, ' let's go and have a feed.' ? . : T -b.. »ed him into the tent. There was a sperm can lie sticking in a gingerbeer bottle standing on a boT ui he centre of the tent, with two or three short lenn: of a samine standine ud on end for seats. Tht -tC: and the Btretcher before mentioned, formed the whole traiture of the establishment. Tom gave one look i. jsd, and then, whether by intuition, or whe ther fc._ai seeing no other place likely to contain what he m- ted, he took the light off the box, which eervrfl ; 5 table, opened the lid, and drew forth a loaf ? of bre- '., a plate of cold mutton chops, a bottle of pickle a tin pannikin with butter, and pepper and salt, hese he placed on the table. ' Kb- then, Billee,' said Diggs' just you rouse out and make us a pot of tea !' Bill appeared to me to rouse up very unwillingly, not that he objected to the tea, but only that hede ni'irrcd to being disturbed. However, he did get up, and ng up, he set to work to do as he had been di rectr '. We were hardly half through our meal befon a billy of tea was placedon the floor beside us, with T-auBikins with which to help ourselves. I no w for the Orst time got a good look at him, as he stood wello. t in the candle light, and I found him to be a stout well-made man of about five and thirty years of age. His hair was dark brown, and hung about his face in the most disorderly s tyle, but showing a tract n{ baldness on the top of his head. He had tre mendous big bushy whiskers and beard of reddish brown that completely hid his face quite up to the ? eyes. These, however, were bright, clear, sparkling, and honest-looking, occasionally giving out a quaint gleam that betokened a fund of latent humour or mischief. « ^''S that I was observing him, he addressed me, And so, Mister, you've come to see the diggings r' 'Ihave,'IanBwered. ' Come to work ?' he asked. !,' v0-' ? rePKe^i 'merely to gather information.' You ain't a newspaper cove, are you i' he in Vj^ra^somewhat suspiciously. 'No,' said I, 'I have not the honour of occupy ing to distinguished a position.' „ J^11 wn&t; on airth are you f ' Merely a passing traveller, come to gather infor mation,' I answered. ' That's it,' struck in Tom. ' He wants to know all about digging and gold diggers and reefs, and luvial sinking ; and as you knows everythink as is worth knowing, and as what you don't know ain't ?worth knowing, no wave, you see, I brought him to ' Well, Tom,' said Billy, « seeing as the chap is a mendof yourn, and it's all on honour between us, jmdhejiui't a-pokinghis nose about for the papers, ?« » good many as come here and pretend to be gentlemen, when they ain't anything more than penny-a-liners, axing you questions in the softest and rnoat dont-caringest manner possible, aad then shoring .you in the newspapers arterwaris— I don't mind if o let him into athing or two. Ain't you never been down a shaft?' he asked. 'Never!' I answered. 'Then you shall go down mine to-morrow !' he cried warmly. 'But,' he continued, with a serious air, ' you must take your Bible oath not to be a telling the people, when you come up, that you've seen the nuggets a-sticking out of the ground, like plums in a pudding, and only wailing to be picked out with a penknife !' ' I am prepared,' I replied, with becoming solem nity, ' to take any form of adjuration you may con sider necessary.' ' You're a gent, I can see, every inch of it.' ' Draw it nuld, PiUee ! ' here put in Diggs, though I could not perceive that Ids remark had reference to anything in particular. It may have been some kind of digging freemasonry, for Billy put up his finger as he said 'No fear!' then, addressing me, he con tinued, ' If I don't show you somethink, and teach vou somethink, tell me after that my name ain't Shoveller ! ' ?' Shoveller ! ' I cried : ' what an excellent name for a digger ! ' 'Ain't it r' said he. 'You see it was made pur posely for me, expressly to order, and that's how it happens to nt so nice. ' Have you been long a digger ? ' I asked. 'Long!' he replied contemptuously. 'I should say I had. Ever since I was as short as that there billy aside you — and that's long enough.' He evi dently referred in the last remark to the time, and not to the billy, which certainly was not more than ten inches high. 'You must have seen many vicissitudes in that time r' I suggested. ' What's them ?' he asked. ' Many changes,' I explained. ' Well, I rather think I have. The first time I went at it I was ? but you ain't up to mark for a yarn, after your day's ride, and we'll put it off to to-matoDW night.' 'No, no,' I declared; no time like the present. Your tale, I am sure, will be so interesting, that all feeling of weariness will vanish.' 'Well, if you think so, I don't mind telling you all about it.' I thanked him. Once more Tom Diggs uttered the masonic warning, ' Draw it mild,' and then he com menced. What he told me, I must leave for my next letter. 