THE STEAM-HORSE, AND THE TRAEAI- iie HORSES AND MULES. (From etc Mark-lne Z?eros, Dee. 19.) The nosninal horue-power of the engineer--the etrsm horse-- in so rapidly taking the piece of the konaefide draught of the equine animal, that we are beginning to overlook, in many instaunee, our old friend the horse, and yet he does not decline in prime or demand. The l000 locomotives ronoing over some 12,000 miles of rale in the United Kine~dem annually, and those traversing an equal mileage an the United States, to soy nothing of the continent and tine eolonies, and South Annerice are doing much of the haulage, pleasore, and tratffl for w?hich we had formerly to depnd upon horses. Still, in mount the large armies kept up, to mere the artil-. lery, ambulannes, she., and to facilitate the traflic of inwus and railway stations, horees keep in great re qust, slthough theiro6pponent--steam--...s drivng these from the ploongh-team and other farm uses. The diM colty in obtain honses of suitable powers so remounts for the cavalry is yaerly increasing. We have from time to 'time taken a survey of the horse kind of different boontries, as data torned up, in" ordler in keep our readens advised of the progress of honse-breeding at home and abroad. Although we can say nothing definite as _regards honses in Great Britain' owing to the absence of atatistice, the returnu jout pub liahed of live stock in Irelsnd supply nrewith figores for the sistor-islend for omem years peat, and we must as sume the rest. SIn 't~he year 1882, before railways wano' generally' f ormed,. the to~tal number ef herees used for riding and drawing carriages, which contribsntM to the' abssesed taxes, was 282,781 in 1862 their aumber had increased in 306,798, besides 268,301 used in trade, 41e. The num her of race-honses 'paying duty varies hot little from year to years; the average number in the three years ?ending 1882 was about 1700 los- ike United Kingdom. Formerly, the only 'mcsis for travelling from pines to place wason the backof a horse; and thmn,as might' be expeeted, a breed of honses with adequate prwere to carry heavy men wan sindiouoslylceptaup. Bot improve insote in reads, sad in thd construction of wheel cur r'ages, have long afforded a different and mote easy mode of conveyance. Besidee, we nowhavo r~itlweys and locomotive etcasn-power,'whinking the traveller (ay an~d his honse too) along at a marvelloes rate, numbh dating spac, to some stations or terminno, whence ho tacoe refuge in the mob of a 'bus, or in a cab drawn by miserable honses, equal only to the short dintancesathey h~are to drag the load."." " The number of hnonee in Ireland has begun to decline. In 1852, the number was returned at 556,287. In 1819 they reached 'the highest number, 629,076; [and since then they Lava gradually dropped to 579,179 by the returns of hust yeas. This shows a duibrance in numabers between 1815 and'1868 of 22,892, but a d:ecrease in the last two years of 23,715. The psrposes for whic h the harases erekept ar thus stated: 488,676 f~or agricustoral porposes, 27,689 for traflio and' manu factures, and 20,407 for amusement or recreation. The balanee is madea up by young honses under two years old, ?ralned at £8 each on the averaje. The aggregate retnrn .gives £4,633,402 as the vause of thn honses in Ireland. There are also over 140,000 aseses and males. The number of horses la the United States in 1860 was returned at 6,115,458, agajiust 4,336,719 in the ce?naue of 1850. Canada and th~e Lower British Anmcri canu provinces contain together about half a million horses. .In A ustria, aecordig to thu latest returns pablished lylor inistc' 1563', there ware 8,461,050 honses of, s] knds,of which 1,840,000 were stallions and gol diagu, 1,897,000 mares, and 576,000 foals op ao three years old. There werealso 122,000 asses anod mules.' Aft?er Hucigar, which had 1,570,000 hores? Gal Io stood second, in number, having 612,000; and no other divislon of the country reachea 200,000. Del-I matin, Lomisordy, and HKungary seem to bread' most mules and asses. In the Australeian colonis's there 'are now, nesrlj hldf a million harmes, notwithstanding the stoady export to Indin o and prices keep up, for we find, by the latest returns, the market value of honses rouges in New? Zealand, wheree~jst now they ace ingrsat request, from £ 25 to £60..' N ow South Wales is atifi the greatlorse breedi~ng colony, possessing more tbqn half the quantity owned aggregtely by ¶a ,petral~lan Colonies. ??eCap oonyatal, and the Oranga River Flee Statea with Ksgfinai, posses a large mum? ohones, fa~lly 200,000, besidos about 20,000 males and asse, -wh~oh are there held in esteem as betas of burden. Mules and eaes, espeialy the former, eae not erasp abundant so thu United Kiugdom. Asses are employed in drawing smali carte and in carrying burdens, by hucksters in town sod by poor people in tho countryt patclrythos near etmmona, the harrancet ofl ?dhwl ep anass. But it is chiefly in South America and the West Indies where males sre- used. T'he importuces of mules iiu carrying on the traffe of Brazil is evidenced by the fact stated snoe years sgo hy aywll informed writer (Mr. Store), that the se- nvh Sinlden muleesat obates, near the port of Santos, in the province of San Paulo, amounted to 420,800. The introduction of ratlroade in Brazil. in dslug something in replace them, but it is only trarosferring thoir services in other quarters. The mules annually ompofled from the cattle famsm of Sorombha in Sea PauFo intotha a~eie o i? verage 5i0,000 to 70,000 s-year. ositefrrsa coosiderable number of mules; those in active service there msy he rated at about 260,000. M£ules constitute the great commerce of Tucoman. Theie anml are bought in Cordova, S -ante FE, and Buenos Lyres, and besng fattened dur ing .winter in the valleyse mid plains of the flints of the Argentins Confederation, are driven ta Peru, where about p0,000 are sold aunnually. Many are taken thence to Traxzillo, Lime, and other places both on thu eosst and 'in the interior, for' sale. The, mules of the Snouth of Europe 'are frequently sixteen or seventeen hands high. In some of the North Anosrican States numbers are raised at a better profit than honses, from the fact that they come to maturity much earlier aud command remunerating prices at any age. In 1760, Washington lrwme convinced of the defec tive nature of the working animals employed in the Southern States, and set about remedying the cvii by the introduction of males inotead of haoise, the mules b.eing found to live loupe, be lass liab? to disease, requre less fond, and m every reopoct in be more valuable and economical than the harese in ags-loulteral labour in the South. In a year or two Washington neeired as presente a jack of a grey colour, heavily made, 16 hands high, and two jennies, from thu stud of the King of Madrid, and ajank and jennies from the Ma.rquis ds Lafayette at Malta. The General bred some very superior mules from isis coach mares, and in a faw years thu estate of Mount Vernon became stocked with mules of a superior order, rising to the height of sixteen hands, and of great power and usef'ulness, One wagon team of thur mules sold attho sole of the Generas s efoecte far 800 dollars. Prem 1826 to 1830, on an average, 1100 mules wone exported annually from the States. By thu ceisus of 1866, there were 1,129,553 mules und uasres in the Slates. To stun up our remarks, we may state that the horses of the whole world have been roughly estimated by come otatiote at 55,000,000, but the data for arriving at any satisfactory return are insufficient. Those countries with which we can speak of any' confid coren are Ensuess, 18,000,000 to 20,000,0001 Austria, 3,500,000 ; France, 2,000,000; Prussia, 1,500,000e Den mark, 600,000 ; 'Bavaria ; 400,000 ;Great Britain and ireland, 2,500,000,; the United States, 6,000,000 ; B~ritneb North, America, 100,000 ;Australia, the some number; South Africa, 250,000 ;--or, in round num bers, nearly forty niiffioua, omitting the great horse region of the River Plate, all Asia and the East, and the countrims bordering on the Mediterrunean, Avengafe returns show that a oitizen of the world en the first day of Isis appearanee in public, weighs about si pouunds end a he~f--a boyb byabylittle more, a girl baby a little lees. Sosie very modest babies hardly t .urn the soulee with two pounds sod a bhei, while other" ?retentions youngsters hoast of ten or eleven pounds. ?.Quetelet grouped his thousands of people acoording t-o ages, and f'ound that the young men of twenty a=venged 143 lb. ouch, wlsile the young women of twenty have an aversge sf120 lb. Hi men reached their heaviest bulk at about thirty-acve, wvhen their aven~ge weight was 152 lb. ; hut toe women slowly fat tened en until fifty, when their avenage woe 129 lb. M¢en and women together, thes weight at full growth avenuged almost exactly 140 lb.-Ssu A 1vell-known English magistrete for the county of S?urrey was sitting is his library, sipping Manesluiso. An Irishi lad arrived with a letter, on important busi ness, wvhich required an immediate answer. The Surrey squire goodnat-uredly poured out aglue of Marascino fur the lad, and set about writing a reply. Having finished and sealed his letter, he looked up amased to see that the bottle, which was half fell, lead been snip tied. Turning toths boy, hs exclaimed, "Do yon know, 7-ou imp, that oust me sixtecn shillings P' "lnd worth every peny ondt, your lsonoesr5" was the reply of .ace reently publiehed by Meesre. Low and Co., L~ondon, the Atlheeea of 24th Decemober remarlks: Hiel?sory of Lace" in a title which goes straight to the feminin~ehert,; women alone can appreciate the beauty of this lovely fabric; for with them the love of lace is an instinct, almost a passion. Sinces the time ef the Prech R?evolu~tion, men, hoving ceased to Weavjobl, rufiee, laced nighte pe, and lace hands ; base lost all perception of the diflereoce between Nottinghasomnn aetore, point d'Aleggon, and that crown and goiny of all lsee, the old rose point, the secret of ma king which has been lnst. Lacee has p subtle and peculiar ehaenmi quite independent of its costliness. Ithaca eyalerloos b.eauty, which partakes of the carem that lices Ii the wonderfttl wood-carvings in gothisce?othedrale. Lute, d.id lsee,'is a product of art, not efemanufactere ; housan Ilfe, human volition, is bipreoseed in every inch of the delieate menoh which ceskea the coestygrosnd to act forth the pattern. There is indieiduality impreesed puso each kindo sefae,juat ac there ieupdn eahgcaat acheool of painting ; for the artiete in each put thairtealupen their, work. It took a lifetime to produce even a small qosntity of fine lace. 'Lee bellesc el evereltee Falencienesee, an they were called, required no cinch labour, that eome workers could only produce "twe~lty-four inehe tin the year. The changes in the atmeephere and the nlectas. t.ione in the health of the workers told on the fidertkinds of lace ; and it was a well-knowen fact, that if a pi~ec weree begun in the city of Valenielone? sodfinished but-. sidetihe walls, it woold b inferior, though it ceightibe the work of the same hand, made with the sacee thread, pnd on the sacme pillow. Thte /lie of which tise old Drusselesoed thg point d'tAlenqon were made wes cohi. Toted on purpose ; it was chiefly grown in *arhaat, Hl?all; and Coutrore, and had to be spun in nndmen~?ond eelioc, beonuse ounteet wltll external air mude he thread brittles. Thte thresad wateo flee 'as almost to elude the sight, the spinner had to go by the aenee of touch, enx. amining every inch as it left the distaiff, msd~at the slight~est irregularity stopping the wheel. The room was kept in darkneo?,-cexpt for non singble g' elJf light awanged to fall no the thred, which teas thrown op-by at hnpkgr-oond of dark pepias. Au it ;wae In tbe aintedath century, po in i now. The wheel and distaffbre still used to spin the flax or laceithread, and under the same conditions. No machine hes yet been itnvented to equni the work of the trasined tLan-spinner and herdistoff. At the preceoldoy, the hand-spun thread in often sold at £10 sterling for one pound avoirdupois of thread s and at the French Exhibition.,in 1859, it wpse slated that sometimes the price runs as highas, £r?OO Lotibe kilo gremm~e. Fin~e lace may well be costly! l "'" L~ouis Pzaxl~snae.-Z-T ;:?he politieaf life of toed P.al me-reton boo been longer than that of any eta'tee'man of th~e present nentary at borne or abroad. That of Prince M etternich laeted 84.year, from .1794 to 1848; that of Count Nesselrede alao the eame number ofyenre-namely from 1802 to 1848 ; that of the Dake of Wellington little more than 48; years, dating from' the time when be wee Chief Secretary in Dublin to bin death ; that of Sir Rtobert Peel even leas still. Dot Lerd'Paluaerton enter. ad the B[oone of Commons in 1808 and baa held offce with very alight intermineinna, sinee 1807,0 ar even years more than half a eentnry.--Onee a Week. PoAtGA a2ID moe FDranc.-T?n Peatins' .apent of' Stradivara, the :celebrated violinitt tlieoe in' 'an an~ecdote= of Pgagnini. Bin vinlia got a fell In in need, hhich tin-. gload an inner block. Be went ho I.. Yuillaome j diatreno, saying bin violin--a .wcrld'wi?le fameune Geas, nerina--had lost tin 'tone. Veillanae .aatd the instro mont moat be opjened, to which Peganlai at least con. seated, on eonoditien it' should be'done in his own rpreoence.. It ia impoeeible to~deseribe the torture'whi.cb P~aganini eadored. 'He ,twirled about, made pimnace, a~siacoffered like a martyrj uttering exciamatloe ,which? plainly ehowed ,the affeetinn he entertained for bin nostrement,.and the'dreadful fears whichn he experenced at each mcrk soaosed by the brenking away of ?the gloe-, nsit yielded tot?he action of itde ,thin knife.'; Pagealni then agreed to par with the inetroinent for thre days. .We e.Upepet three booze would' have, done ; hbot Vuall. anrae' detrmined 'to make a? fabe'.irile? which. he took measures to do.' eiantaidiwhen lie sak lhe dear Alddle 'agein, 'wan, dosil~hted'-with it,' aid It war a' #.oedsu before; and a few days after-wards, tehen ?Valosna.-e paid him a visit at bin .requaeat,. aid,' "I hav~e lied two pine naade,'ene for the doctor ot my body, the other for the doctor of isy violin." The p in .wn a eapital P.., formed of twenty-three diamond,. Voillaeme,asteninhad. atithin geaeroeity, offend Paganial the faen-imile he bad made. When eaninteaw thi ictntment, the' eden- was etrenge end unaccountable. - Pgaenini :became. serioes and immovable. A. look ef'duobtpid fear over-" epread hi, feetore. Then hoetiuned enrriped. Be. 'turned about the violine changed th~eir place; and merethen once took the imsitetion for the original. He. wee evidently but little pleesed to ieee aviolin a 'aimiler tp hsis~own. Lilnt h he_ eaisedhie how'tot the new "violin, .and, on aittiog down, exclaimed,, ,!7t is very good ; it'in like roie; !It hoe the name tone--the mane quality; i t ie my violin,' leave it with bins."' P?n then ordered another at £20, which v'eaobed'1!iesuetate_ he expired; Ton Cnzlc PsancnnJ.--Wbenever the pulpit asuupdb formalist, then are the worahqeppe defrauded and dioconsolate. SWb ebrink as woon ast else prayers begin, which do net uplift, hut emite and offend' us. We are tain to p wrpour elaco about us, and semore, aa heat we can, a solitude that heare not. I? oace heard a preacher who sorely tempted me to nay I_ would go to church no more. Men go, thought I. where they are wont to go, abe had no epul entered the? temple in the afteruoon? A enow-storm wefalln around no. The onow-etorm was real, ,the preacher. mersely epect-al, and the eye felt the ead contras't in. .o1bt. at u him, and, then oat of toe window behin bin,, into the benotilful meteor of the chow. Be? bad: lived in ,vain. He had noone word intinmating that he had laughed or wept, was meorid or in love,-hed been commended or cheated, or chagrined. f1" he bad ever lived ad acted, we were none the winer for it.'. The capital secret of hise profeenion,'namely, :to convert life: into truth, hebhadnot leared. :Nfot one faet inaelb is exrperience. Thi man hdploughed,' and planted, and; talked, and bought, and sold ; be bad read hook,; he had eaten and drunken--hi, head aches-bin heart throbs--ho amiles and euffoero; yct there was not- a surmise, a btut, in all the discourse, that hr bad ever lived at tll. Not a line did he draw out of reel history. The true preachef mau be known by this, that he denin out to the peo~ple his life--life passed threugh the fire of thought. Eat? of the had preacher, it could not he tol4l from his narmonuwhet age of the world ho fell in ; whether he hadsfa tber or aechildo whether hewasa? freeholder or a ponper; whethser he was a citizen eran country man ; .or any other part of his hingraphy. It' seemed atrange, too, that the people eheuld come to church. It neemed as if their houees were very unen tertaining, that they should prefer thts thoughtless clamour. It showe that there sea acommanding attrac tion in the moral aentiment thaet man lend a faint tint of light to dulnese and ignorance coming in ins name and place.. The good bearer is aura hehasbcentonrhed nametimena; is sure there is eomewhat to be reached, and eome word that can reach it. When he listene to these vain worde, he comforts himself by their relation to his remembrance of better boum, and so they clatter aud echo unch~allenged.--Emersoe. B~y the Rev. Jobs Kirk?. Leanden: Henry James Tresidder. 1884.-This in an exceedingly interesting volume, aud dces much credit to the industry and good sene of tin reverend author. It bee, moreover, thie merit of being more than wbat itpurporte tobe ; as ittosreally abin g'aphy of the father as wall as of the Mother of the WVeseye, enriched with many moat instructive deaenip t.ire vaewe ef the rector of E~pworth'a family circle. Mc. Wesley, the mother of John and Charles, was a? notable woman in her day-cl?ever, ceer~headed, g:enuinely religious, and thoroughly, impreased with the douty of well instructing her ehildren, and bringing them up in the fear of God. Their education com m:enced in the cradle. They bed their appointed honrs fro eleap before they were aix mosnths old, and were: wauked regularlyat the preecribed moment.' Prom the day e. ehild wee a year old it was not allowed tq cry aloud for anything--to eat between mesh-or to eat more than three times a day, andithen only of one dish. Neither was any child allowed to make a c~nice of food, baut to eat and drink what was given to it. She taught her children to read before they learned to epeli, ned w-ea aseu?ared that they could do so fluently. Learn ing the alphabet and the combinationo of letter, and syliables wee with themen later operation. Bow auc cesful abe was, eli ]Engiand can testify in the remords which remain of the livesoefher ehlldreo. Mro. Wesley w'=as the d..auhter of Dr. Samuel Aunealey, a N~onmn farmiot Divine, who preached before the BoUse of Common,, when Charles 1. wan a prisoner in the Isle of Wight, and nhe died nineteen year before fevorce the Thirdancedeeod the throne, en that ehe lived througho the atormiest period of our history. The volume that faithfully records tho principsl evenin in the life of such a woman, and suppliea a correct portrait of her mind cannot but bo a favourite with the membere of the re ligione community which derived in* erganixation from the missionasinb ebure of her world-famed aone John and Cihrles esoley. Make a sentence oat of the five earlest names in his t.ry C "Adam, enith Eve, cane Abel." find it vesy nold end disapree~itlc?gh p erformance this wea~ther, seed olgectw use evidently to elicit from the man sin.jneoth seaseno). "Well it do numboso abltoges genlemen, a good dpI, petticslljtise cth euem .?- ,owhat.you r," y Lao. the warmsup in the set-to wit Judy, an y h en h ghost businessocomescnrlmsallo aglgp ,foth mlii wth old tiol, in tfrenl,' .rpbw tsa eI a ~pireltisn even ln Decenmbpr'!"eh"ai aql?,er, ifyou waslayabeuthouwiaiiqssk aiuithe etaI gen'lemeo a dodvyeujs? ~ ptpo you wease your. breath on hiy ~epe eayes; why, it's hot work eir-4s ee eo whe otak~esit out ofy?onas spicq ? l~~"h whet?" ai~d Mr. Ba?rker. ."s?h @gqj~~mwe Punch end the other osearefr~ggk ls~ 'er a t a time--which" ilV 4]q1hs taigspll at his, tumbler dvle uome n thuhoeminglyes1ay fromthe ioursemtns youevr mout fo '~ ~ ~ qpF on tha pit bwutld seoee,-sljhacsp;t?wee bi mst.'or to tl me. WbY~r'Tt j bomethoaset aoidsewee yo~dnvpt~ ae ghosty' voice, wtlhi1' n s dw psf bt. sortge of lpw-oaLen uss,, esj ) (a iong coursd nersos 'vem yefbem iti e onlede tLas;lodut ofaLhsep?yte)dJ~wls ion shr, ge'lmeuo fhsnz etsln? s suggesthed _ed. 'Tha hugsdce rnu.??.u6?teg:'lar it'del of a11 wsa"dulyq his teoud bhvmae td5l15,O sa,_lemt n ,Thme SihumanIg p hcnd pn e(ta?. jgan (icuig aees N tp4 e ILc go hse hero fie oce o le 44. o meanfo to teoll ,its~ n mrtl How ?in the very geminentsin :dtlo.. hthl achohw.ft? the ghe gwgorcsofth irq? )py.? t,,Igk int the habit o ais b ,It.;? ,weslkL. typetc;.?/ and ule oe mociso;it 'oeas wtb' uesi tll ? ?ply .I with whomtbe -tmuch strucky, Phs.PR. ,.. centseduo bisfhtlthe lenli?hSeed enoi Jnsflrs amsSmi?thesrsi?su.thred a, larg aum?hesmo.lnti fort thiieust w!- iohent Cscnli.s, Tihe snA, thain an"wase engagdep drsbely njtq ito'jetuejmrddt farer and uoned' ssog~me gtowas ?~,tht aBe cusnebu? bo thspre, hno,'itoow i i preib pai I the fctf ?hll leui 1t?A u ndtat, sung to bnada, ins slctherla?fe bern -- mml. LLt. ii e .fl.pe?o? ,tont be ovr.sed medion inaeb'ycl )msde suie ol s1M-?.insu so? useda man ha4 Acetso neerdto ins bus i?vlsa His tesoon is ept to rowzeptpnstnwtRpl thoem itoe abnrimmeg-hlasi.ouwl the ibuath Jlk doesovrfoyed; f omo wrlieugto .ptppea t Je Wasta then rectw~iswoende 9p ')ogp eAtei"dlft beche hiys, ae uonethe Lord nlatwls iufllsa womanes ate wheol i audesi-w mcdthst:ibltl"k Whilethe orld te nillhisltbtemjseret, threed?y fo uemnlec, thetrais art ladowthsta']Itioe~poo erecntedn thee tran isrongh tmBeljfed ?llue ti lcmotivne; iut oeslgi toe us ;.n te ypewcgp ens like madeha lgoenotonu dtctriclwherj?ords.edo mete deop ensm eplnoesstly tn hp e.ml cm. raeu ing thaeu stre -tod bhe anpnoghttm Uc e.. roofe ad Sedwamentoes of thde wa? Bsl~lng etaispan0 amidstntmihe crel' t thet?ipestorglhrish?ogb and' flporet in allBritein.Lftie flye the_ Ececactst ?tedifices, the? topesbaths, ?.. tchole wp~m$..a megineolee, odnmpieatoure thepre Wen o monut? steill, gu~idted any this oshed bag'thqt fid_ uessr- n maysay, that itewashre t?oapt , V .n was rci h fo ofnw stite that Hhhgiatdit lflorsa l haud oedowi h athertespe;i P5.. ..ir iYt:l? l ;. I. 