' 'TIS SIXTY YEARS SINCE.' SUPERNATURAL THINGS. There were ghosts in those days — that is, sixty years ago— or, to put it a little milder, to suit modern ideas, many people belie red in the existence _ of such things, and the difference is neither here nor there. There was scarcely .1 churchyard in the kingdom that was not haunted by its ' fa miliar spirit,' and sometimes tlie figures stalked abroad in such queer and question able shapes that the country folks were almost driven out of their ' seven senses ' by fright, Hallowe'en was a head night with the sunernaturals : and manv are tin? stories extant regarding their cantrips and cabalistic exploits on these ever- memorable evenings in the olden time. Ghost stories were tho staple pastimes with the youug, and sometimes with the old, round the blazing fires on the long winter evenings, until the terror-stricken companies became afraid to go out of doors after dark ; aud as fi r passing a churchyard under the cloud of night, lluit was an exploit too hazardous to bo seriously thought of. .Sometimes, also, the ' old gentleman :- down stairs might be met prowling about in a variety of shapes, but ho was always detected by his cloven feet, and avoided or exorcised, according to circumstances. Witches, how. ever, were rattier at a discount with edu cated people half a century ago, but never theless a considerable number still contrived to live in the likenesn of old women, and to make themselves feared if not respected in their several districts. They were popu larly supposed to have the power of trans forming themselves into the likeness of hares, aud to be proof against every kind of shot, with the solitary exception of silver. They could fly through the air on a broomstick, or cross the ocean in an egg sueii; and tney were commonly engaged iu siuking boats, shaking grain, spoiling whole 'Jrirms' of cream, or bewitching young wives iu a variety of ways. They were u^ly old hags, in' short — a plague aud a pest to their neighbours, and malicious aud mischievous beyond ordinary concep tion. Ghosts, on the other hand, were rather respectable aud well-behaved than otherwise. They had a partiality, doubt less, for graveyards and white sheets ; but, as a general rule, they respected life and property. Sometimes, it must be admitted, tbty placed the benighted rustics in mortal terror when they made their appearance suddenly aud unexpectedly, but they sel dom or never carried grown up people away, aud that was something, at all events, to be thankful for. It is really wonderful how many people, and educated people, too, had a firm faith in ghosts within the last sixty years. But I am not going to bore the reader with a dull dis sertation ou the spirit race in general, nor in the general belief, iu their ~ existence among men. Generalities, as a general rule, arc too indefinite to be interesting, aud therefore I shall descend to tho par ticular whether it may be interesting or not. TUE MOTHER OF NAPOLEON. Talking of ghosts, I find from a curious account in the Herald of January 20, 1804, that the mother of the great Napoleon was remarkably superstitious, and, as a matter of course, therefore a believer in ghosts, witches, fortune- telling, and other diahUrie; aud it is also said that her celebrated son was uot altogether free from the same feel ing or failing, although in a milder and more manageable form. Lctitia Bamoluii, the mother of the Bonapartes, as the story goes, was the daughter of a humble attor ney, or a village blacksmith, I cannot say for certain which. She was a pretty, sprightly young woman in her day, but at the age of fifteen she got hersclt into dis grace with a youug friar, and at sixteen she married a lawyer, named Carlo Bonaparte. Some mouths before the child Napoleon was born an Algeriue slave woman, travel ling in Corsica, predicted that the babe uuborn ' should live to create kings aud dictate to emperors, but that he should perish at an early age by the hands of a youug womau with a large lip, small nose, fair hair, and black eyes.' Madame Bona parte had implicit faith iu the prediction, aud ever after she kept a sharp look-out for the '-large lip,' and all the rest of the head-marks. When she, or rather her wonderful sun, came to his kingdom, she sent to Corsica for two nf her poor rela tions — young women, recollect — and after their arrival in Paris Madame Bonaparte was horrified to find that they were not unlike the picture drawn by the Algerine woman, and tho two young ladies were packed off t-i Corsica immediately. This remarkable woman, if we may trust the stories regarding her, believed in ghosts, witches, coblinq, and demons. She had a bnna fidu finger nf St. Xavier, to keep oft evil spirits, and her rooms in the Tuilcries were filled with phials containing drops to prolong lift and rc:-tnro youth and vigour, besides boxes of sympathetic pow ders to insure her son's success iu life, and secure his affection for his mo'.bcr. She was told by a necromancer that Napoleon was likely to be poisoned at certain seasons in the year, ;uid at these, particular tunes she suffered lin nne to prepare his victuals but herself; and when he was not travel ling she was in tho habit of tasting every dish that found its way to tho great man's table. We arc also told that she passed several hours every day consulting wise women or witches, aud iu having her for tune told by the palms of the hands, the cards, or the coffee-cups. So much -for. Letitia Ramolini, mother of the 'mightiest' and the grandmother of the present Empe ror of the Freneh. And now for TUE GHOST OF HAMMERSMITH. And thereby hangs a sixty-year- old talc. It was a terrible spectre, according to re port, and it haunted the ancient graveyard of Hammersmith, and almost frightened the adjacent population out of their wits. It was seen and described by hundreds, and r.o two descriptions were the same, but all agreed in drawing a fearful picture of its appearance. It was faid to be the troubled apparition of a man who had cut his throat some time before, and the gash, wo may suppose, like B.inqno's death wound, would be openly exhibited. It was tall of stature, with eyes like glow worms, and out of its mouth there came fire audjsmoke. Sometimes it was clothed in a white sheet, and at other times it was covered with a calf skin and horns ! One evening, about ten o'clock, a poor womau had occasion to pass tho churchyard, when she beheld the ghnat rising out among the grave stones, tall anil ghastly, and terrible to look upon. &lie; instantly took to her heels, but there was no use attempting to outrun a full-grown apparition. The ghost gained upon her at every stride, and, horri ble to relate, it came up and clasped her in its long withered arms. Of course, the decent woman fainted on the spot, where she was found several hours afterwards, and taken home ; but she took to her bed and never rose again. Many oth?r people were terrified iu like manner, and the whole neighbourhood was kept in a state of per petual agitation and alarm. There were some unbelievers, however, who lay in watch for the mysterious visitor night after night, but for a considerable time they were doomed to disappointment Ham mersmith was so intersected with lanes that scores of ghosts had every opportunity of escaping, and when the sceptics watched i:i half a dozen places the ghost was almo* sure to appear in the seventh, and some times, when nearly caught, it sank into the earth ami disappeared in the twinkling of an eye. There was a young man named Frank Smith, however, who resolved to do for the ghost, if gunpowder aud cold lead could urevail a«ainst white sheets and calf skins. He took au old musket, which he loaded with a double charge, and when the ghost-walking hour approached he took his station on its' favourite haunt and waited somewhat nervously for its arrival. And he had not long to wait — for some thing at all events ! He saw most dis tinctly something white approaching, and when it was about thirty yards off he challenged the supposed apparition. No answer was given, and the something still continued to advance, when Smith fired, and down fell an honest working man, named Milwood, who was proceeding home after his day's toil was over. The shot proved fatal, aud the result of the matter was that Smith was tried for murder, found guilty, and sentenced to death. He was afterwards reprieved, however ; and, to crown all, the ghost was at length captured, and found to be an eccentric Hammersmith shoemaker ! He asstuned the ghostly form by wrapping himself in a blanket for the purpose of terrifying two apprentices, aud he succeeded in terrifying a whole district, besides causing the death of two iuuocent persons. THE HEADLESS GUOST OF ST. JAMEs's PAKE. About the same period there was another ghost that haunted St James's Park, to the mortal terrification of his Majesty's Foot Guards. In this instance, however, the apparition was shorn of its just pro portions', fur it wauted the head, aud the want of that useful article appeared to trouble it very little, if anything at alL It was evening, as they say in the sensation novels, and darkness had settled over Lon don, aud particularly over St James's Park. The sen tinelswere posted in proper order, and one brave fellow wasstationednearthu Royal Cockpit, where he ' walked his lonely round ' until midnight, when he distinctly saw a womau pass by witnout a Head upon her shoulders. She was dressed in a white sheet, as usual iu such cases, and the soldier became so alarmed that he almost lost bis senses, and bad to be sent to the hospital One of his comrades hearing of the affair, and having to take the same watch ou the following night, resolved to look ont for the ghost, and to spsak to it if such a thing there was. Ho entered upon his post accordingly, and, about the same hour, sure enough the headless apparition appeared punctually, aud passed the soldier on guard. He attempted to call out ' Who goes there ?' but the words would not come. He was seized, he declared, with something like lock-jaw, and could do no thing but stare iu speechless amazement. Meanwhile the ghost came nearer and nearer, and the soldier, who had faced whole parks of artillery, turned ' tail and fled with all speed to the guardroom, where be related his adventure, aud took to his bed in a state of tainting tits, which, nearly put an end to his existence. On a subse quent night the headless spectre held its midnight revels iu an empty house behind the armoury, and amused itself with open ing and shutting of doors and window?, and calling out for a light, the same as if it had a boatswain's head upon its shoulders. After finishing its cantrips in the empty I house it passed by the soldier on guard, and walked over a six-feet railing as easily as if had been a straw. It continued its nocturnal rounds some time longer, to the serious alarm of the Coldstream. Guards ; and to this day the headless ghost of St. James's Park remains one among the many mysteries of London. A DEAD MAN EATING HIS OWN DEECIE. There was once a ' drouthy wight ' named Billy Thomson, who resided the greater part of his life in a Fifeshire vil lage, where he had made a pretence of sup porting a wife and family by making and mending shoes. He was much oftener in the publichousc than in tho parish kirk, however, and when money and drink failed him he frequently took to his bed in a half dying state, leaving his wife and two grown up daughters to support themselves and him the best way they possibly could. At length poor Billy closed his eyes on sub lunary things, and in due time he was dressed iu his grave-clothes and stretched upon the bed iu the ben-end by the hands of his sorrowing and surviving relatives. I The neighbour wives began to drop into the house of mourning as the gloaming came round, for the purpose of attending the lykewake, and as usual on such occc sions, the table was set out and covered with cakes, cheese, and whisky in presence of the defunct Every sympathising visitor had a tear in her eye and a glass in her hand, prepared to do justice to the memory of the departed aud to the spirits in the glass, when tbe new-made widow remarked aloud — ' Ah, sirs ! how oor Billy, puir man, relished a meeting like this, and a dram o' the best when the corp was decently laid oot' She had scarcely finished her remark when a voice from the bed replied, ' Od, guid wife, I could tak a wee drap nicely c'noo, for my throat's as dry as a whistle 1' It is scarcely necessary to say that the whole company— wife, daughters and all ? took to their heels on hearing this, leaving Billy in sole .charge of the viands and vivres. After some time the boldest of tho party returned, and, peeping through tho window, they beheld the dead cobbler sit ting in his grave-clothes, helping himself to the whisky bottle and other good things. Billy, iu short was the principal guest at his own dergie ; but whether he really had a fainting fitj or whether the death scene was a sham, for the purpose of rising the wind, we have uot been able to ascertain. Enough, however, for the week are the ghost stories thereof— and so, reader, fere well awhile. I will not leave you long. EEMDO8CENCE OF THE CUOLEBA OP 1832' [P.S.— I am entitled to a postscript as well as the ladies. I had almost forgotten a veritable incident which occurred in a Scottish burgh during the terrible visita tion of cholera in 1832. It so happened that a crusty old toper, named Duncan ? , whose wife kept a whisky drop, and whose family included a grown up daugh ter, was seized with the malady, and the disease ran its course so rapidly that death was at the heels of poor Duncan in no time. Just as he was understood to have departed this life intelligence came from the opposite side of the street or vennel that the husband of Duncan's eldest daughter — a veiy respectable tradesman ? had been suddenly seized with the same terrible scourge, aud was dangerously ilL As it was understood that no more could be done for the deceased vintner, his widow aud her daughter rushed over (it was in the dead of night), to render what assist ance they could to their afflicted relative The night was a very sad one ; but it had J almost passed away when the unmarried 1 daughter pulled up the blind of the window J —which, by the way, overlooked the shop- I door (and the cellar under it) of the premi- 1 ses in which she had left her deceased pa- I rent She looked out in the grey of that 1 dreary October morning, and, suddenly 1 becoming intensely excited, exclaimed ? 1 ' Oh, mercy, mither, there's dither's ghost, J wi' nought but its aark on !'-' ' Where, iu 1 Gudo's name V cried the old lady. 'I J saw't this very instant/' shrieked the giri, j ' coming oot o' the cellar wi' a quart o* j porter in its jari.' . It was even bo ; Dun- j can, who had ac*fl;aj,- /bit Jiad only gone | off in a swoon, came iy himself about day- i light, and felt so awfully thirsty that, as j he afterwards remarked, his mouth was 1 ' like a lime basket' He was alone, but j what had become of his family ho knew I not He fjlt considerable consolation in ] the fact that they had not carried the ] whisky barrel along with them. He re- I freshed himself in the first instance with a ] glass or two of spirits ; but as the thirst j continued outrageous he resolved to slake I it with a draught of porter, and was accord- ? I ingly seen by his daughter as he passed 1 between the cellar and the shop with the j liquor. The sequel is that the son-in-law I died the same day ; and, as was the custom I in those frightful times, was buried within I a few hours. According to my recollection, j old Duncan had the unchallenged. run of I the cellar for a considerable time, and he I thereby fortified himself so effectually that he was able to attend the funeral] A Lifeboat Adventoee. — The follow- 1 ing story, which is probably unparalleled, j is taken from a letter which appeared in 1 the London Times, giving an account of the i trial of a new lifeboat on the west coast of Ireland. The lifeboat was taken into the heaviest of the sea to ascertain its capabi lities, after explaining which the writer continues : — ' About a quarter of an hour passed in this struggle, when a great tidal wave was observed by the spectators gath ering itself about a mile to seaward. Dis tinguished by lookers-on far inland, like a mighty Andes towering above the lower mountains, this Atlantic giant swept in, extending right across the bay and leaping far up the cliffs on either side. In the opinion of experienced seamen who ob served it, this sea would have swept the decks of the ffr«5a£JSa«teni like a raft. Aa it neared the devoted boat, its appearance became more terrific. The water shoaled there from, ten to seven fathoms, and changing its shape with the conformation of the ground below, that which had been a rolling mnnnt^jn rose into a rushing cliff of water. Never were six men in more desperate circumstances ; ' yet what men could do was done boldly and steadily The role laid down -for meeting a desperate sea is to pull against it mtii the utmost speed ; bat for meeting sack « sea as this no rule was ever made. - Cheering his men forward, lh« steersman put bia boat right s& it, calculating nicely to meet the sea .it a * right angle. Steadily, as if Sjiurtiiis in n race, the luen strained ftt their oars, ;iv.-\ ' gliding, 011 oven kuo-1, like aii arrow the ?t boat entered the roaring avalanche, its crest towering twenty-five feet above her and overhanging. The inspecting officer, -'?I Tvho was steering, and the chief boatman, & ivho was pulling stroke oar, were hurled k Leadloug over the boat's stern by the fall '??' ing sea. Had she not been of extraordi -? nary strength, owing to her peculiar double sided construction, she must have shivered ' - ? like a br.ndbox. Crushing her bodily fa 0 thonis down, tlie sea bore her astern :tt lightning sTicml, tearing avaj- her rudder irons and .-Leering crutch by flic pru.^uro. ' . The steersm:'.i wasomjht litad downuwiL*, ppur rowlock, ;md dragged thus fur a few seconds, then found himself suddenly freed [? and rising rapidly. On reaching the sur fcE? fnce he met the chief boatman already *tl afloat, but looking very much confused. J*|| The latter after described himself as having /£§ been conscious »f receiving some trcuiou ?1(1 dous impetu?, which caused him, us ho S imagined, to turn a series of somersaults T under water. Though cased in heavy £ wateqivoof boots, thick pea-jackets, and I fj£ oilcloth overcoats, the lifebuoys supported iK. them with perfect case. The sea which |P had hurkd them cut «f the boat, had R beaten the rust of the crow down as they p bent over their oars in a stooping posture, f £ each man on the thwart before him. The fcf' bowman aloue was stunned. The remaining [..%l three retained perfect consciousness ; they IJjj' had their eyes open, lint all around was jfe total darkness. They describe their sensa L,l* tion iis like that of being whirled in an es ???:§ press train through a railway tunnel, but \- ?i whether they were in the boat or in the sea they could not distinguish at the time. At length a faint dawn of light reached their eyes, increasing rapidly, and they were conscious of rising through the green water : and at last they emerged through the broken foam, sitting each man in his place. The first object that met their eyes as the boat rose to the surface was the buoy of tbe Kay Rock, close alongside of them. This buoy is by measurement over 400 yards from the place where the sea had struck them. She had been shot about a quarter of a mile under water, aud had risen in the. exact position in wliicli she had entered the sea — at right angles to it. A spare rowlock and a pair of boots ?were lying loose in the bottom of the boat, giving clear evidence that she had not onei' turned over during her extraordinary sub marine passage. The oars had all been lost ' but one, and with this the men managed to keep her head to the seas, though she ?was drifting fast upon tlie rocks astevn. The letter concludes by describing the res cue of the men in the water and those in the drifting boat. In the result the whole worked back into the harbour without the slightest injury. He adds :— The time during which the boat remained submerged is difficult to arrive at. Under such cir cumstances seconds seem like minutes both to actors and spectators ; but, as far as I can judge from pretty fair data, she must have been about two minutes under water.' Doing IJnTTEit.— A farmer in Pennsylvania whoso sheep liad been stolen for many years, offered :i notorious shecp-etealer £20 a. year to let his flocks alone. Tliat worthy, however, only smiliil, Hiiil.6a.id, ' No, thank you, 1 think 1 can -lo belter. To Neglected Gesics !— Here is a chance for mute injurious Miltons, cut from a pro vincial journal : — A Novel Project — A uovel literaiy tnierprise has been broaclied by two ccuiK-iiii'D connected wilU tlie provincial press ?. \1i?-sjk. Merrin and Baylis of ilie Gloucester .uiunud) in the interest of ' neglected genius' \, untly, the publication annually of a volume of nisc-llaiifous verse— the first to appear in tlie !? 'riiiL' — by writers of both 6exea who aspire to )-.-elic fame, each, contributor of an neceptetl i,iece subscribing for a copy of tlie work, which is to be inexpensive. They invite communi cations. Destruction of the Steam-packet ' Jlo anoke. — The magistrates in session at the Townhall of St. George's, Bermuda, on the lOih 'It., investigated a singular charge of piracy against Lieutenant John C. Braine, Act ing Master in the Navy of the Confederate States, and a party of men in the same service, who were prosecuted by the Attorney-General of Bermuda for unlawfully seizing and destroy ing tlie United. States mail-steamer Boanohe upon the high seas. The charge fell to the ground, of course, on the production of Lieute nant Braine's commission and his letter of in structions from Mr. S, B. Mallory, the Secretary of the Nary of the Confederate Government. The prisoners were therefore immediately dis charged ; but as the capture of this vessel, whether an act of legitimate warfare or not, ?was effected by most unusual means, it is worthy of a brief narrative and illustration. Tt sucnis that the Roanoke was accustomed to ply regularly between Cuba and New Tork ; and nt four o'clock on the afternoou of Sept. 29 she Ic-ft the port of Havnnnah, passing the Moro Castle, at five p.m., witli twenty-four cabin passengers and sixteen in the steerage, the officers and crew numbering fifty, making in all about ninety persons on board. The steamer pro ceeded on her voyage at a speed of twelve knots per hour, running within sight of the coast for two or three hours, the time passing agreeably find vitliaut nnvtKiniT unusual liiLTrae oer.nrret until 9.20 p.m., when about twenty-Jive miles off the const of Cuba. The captain and crew were then surprised by a party of ten men among the passengers, under the command of Lieutenant Braine, wlio went through the si:!;) dressed in a naval uniform, exclaiming, ' In the name of tlie Confederate States of America, I demand the surrender of this vessel ns a lawful prize,' and calling upon Captain Drew, the commander of the Roanolce, to surrender as a prisoner of war. The Announcement was immediately followed by the discharge of several pistols, with -which the attacking party were armed. From that moment t be work of capture commenced. Lieutenant Braine taking the upper deck of tiie vessel, accompanied by bis second officer, the purser, and . a seaman, se cured the captain and officers on the deck, plac ing them in irons, while the first officer, first and second engineers, and the seamen pro ceeded with the capture of the officers and crew on the main deck, until Lieut, Braine and his second officer, leaving the upper deck in charge of the porter and a seaman, went below to the ass stance of the first officer. In the space of fifty-fiye minutes the captare bad been consummated, and the vessel was proceeding on her voyage as the Confederate States prize steam-ship Boanohe. There wes but little violent resistance made except by the carpen* ter of the vessel, who, after having surrendered, seized an axe and aimed a blow at the head of the first officer ; but, the axe falling short of its ; mark, four balls pierced the body of the man, from the effects of which he fell and died in a Sew minutes. In a short time after the capture Captain Drew was released npon his parole. The crew -were kept on duty, as before. Some of the officers of the JtoanoU were pot in irons for a few hours daring the night, but the pas senger* were treated with the utmost civility ana friendship. When the vessel arrived off Bermuda, it-was Lieutenant Braine's purpose to bring her into the port of St George's, lay in a stock of pr»Ti«ion* and -coals, then parole and land tlie passengers, officers and crew, and take tbe vessel to Wilmington ; tint it having been found impossible to take the vessel Into a BrttUh port, tlie only tliinjr he could Bo was to Jmrp tbe Booau-ke,axA -wiUi Jus officers and crew, co ashore *t St. Ceor-ce'«. This he w fconlingV *d (after transferring the passen Sort, offlcew, fend crew to a brig fire valet «t V.' the coast) at four o'clock on the morning of ^^tmday, tiie pli of October. 