TSIVCrU I OIL—xrxiTrb. The iiPat of London has for some time'|>a>i been imense. On tbe 8th September ihe thermometer (Negreiti and Zambr a's), placed in the shade, stood at 80 degrees at 11 o'clock a.m., from' whifh time it gradually rose, and at 1 o'clock stood at 89; at half-past 2 the temperature wa« 91, at which it remainfd for an hour, and then decrea. scd. After midnight, on that night, a storm, which had beeu blowing op from the westward for *ome hoar*, burst over the metropolis. The light" ning vras exceedingly vivid, the rain fell in ab»olnte torrents, and the thunder which followed at a later period was unpleasantly close. Many of the roofs were so much shaken that the slumbers of those repoiing un<2er them were greitly disturbed. There was recently launched from the building-yard #f Mr Win, Duthie, jun., Inches, Aberdeen, a clipper ship, of the following dimensions:—Length, 200 feet; breadth ot b--ain, 34 feel 3 inches; depth, 21 feet 4 inchei; tonnage, 1117 builders' measurement, 1017 register. The vess«4 was named the Strathnaver, is the property of Henry Ariamson, Esq., shipowner, and ii classed nine years A 1 at Lloyd's. She i» intended for the Australian trad?. " Riciiard Fiddian, of Cradley-heath, \S"o: cister, had a pony of whose per formances be was very proud. To in crease the glory of bis possession, and to gain £10 he made a wager that he would drive his pet 90 miles within 12 hours! The pony wa« to trot from Halesowen to Worcester and back, twice. The willing little creature per formed the journey once, and even got back to Worcester the second time; but there it was so much exhausted that Mr Fiiidian was " cautioned against driving it any further. Heroically he persisted. At the end of an hour and a quarter five miles more were accom plished, and then the ]>ony fell dead. Richard Fiddian was taken before the magistrates, who condemned him to a nae of £4 15i 6d, co»U included. . William Steerens, a cleaner of en. gines, on tbo Bristol and Exeter Rij], way, *'&5 brought before the Taunion Police-oorirt. for inrolving the mail train in a perilous position. His duty was to clean an engine called the Busy Bee every evening after the work of thp day, and at half-past 8 on the fol lowing morning to light the fire so that steam could be got up by 6 o'clock, and the labours of another day commenced. On no account was he to meddle with the mechinery nr attempt to move the train, the driver laying on the fire "and filling the boiler with a sufficient qnan tity of water. The cleaner, however, took a singular freak into his head, and detirmined to hare a midnight rid?, if | possible. Accordingly about midnight > he lighted the fire of the engine, got j op the steam, and started tbe engine, < [ he being the only passenger. Up and I | down ihe Jine he tore for two mortal j hours, and not exactly knowing bow to I compress the steam it blow off in all | diiections, shreakiag fearfully, and 1 alarming the inhabitants living near the 1 line of railway. The watchman on one I of the bridges was sorely affrighted at | seeing an engine tearing madly along, f backwards and forwards, trith a solitary § white face npon it, and he came to the i conclnsion, in the darkness of the night, f ,u-' either a ghost, or the Evil One | I him>pr..liEd obtained the mastery over § i 1* III Oflfc v- • C* & |his excursions Stevens • | was about vO en* main line of the * § Bristol and Exeter ^ ^ ^ | fortunately beard the nv | proach of a' night mail from , ^ fi A minute or two later and the "k.on*' quences would haTe been fearful to contemplate. At length, tired of his ride, he took the Bust Bee back to the station, and laj down by the side of it to await the arrival of th-» driver. At half-past i the driver reached the scene, bat when about 100 yards from it the engine blew up with a fearful explosion, the cleaner having neglected to put more ~ater iuto the boiler. The most remarkable part of the story remains to be told. The cleaner, though close to the engine, was uninjured, owimr to lying down. He certainly wa-< fright ened, the drirer asserting that whan he came up to him his hair stood on end " like quills upon thp fretful porcupine." For this freak he was seutr-nced t i month's imprisonment, with hard labour. Alexander Macintosh, a commercial traveller, has been fined £5 by the Croydon magistrates for kissing a young lady in a tunnel on the South Eastern Ra'lway. The chairman told him they could send him to prison for six months, and but that the yonng lady had a/ked them to be lenient, as be had apologised to her, they woul'1 have been inclined to do so. The adjourned inquest o*" ",ie *^ree children poisoned in coffee-house, Red Lion-tree:. ^,born' resumed a few days Tbe Jur-T found a verdir* 0,~ " Wilfal murder" against uvnest Ssouthey. T: e murderer sent a request that stej>s might be taken to bring him before the jury, but Dr. Lankester said ths case was perfectly clear-without him, and tLe_>erdict was returned in his abspnee. • r A robbery is reported at Eoston square station. It appears that the guard of a train from Liverpool to London, who bad the custody of £1299 in gold on arriving at the Euston station, asked the parcels porter to take it and sign'a receipt for the amount. Tbe man refused, and an altercation ensued. The guard then left his van to fetch some one else to sign for tbe money, but "on return, almost im mediately, it was gone. It is said that the company had insured the safe car* riage of the gild for £100. At the Leeds Town-hall a respect ably-dressed woman, named Eliza D«ni son, was charged with bigamy. The prisoner had been married thr^e times, all her. husbands being alive. About 10 Tears ago »he was married to John Denison, at the Leeds parish church; in April last sh« was unite! to Job"1 N ewsam>at.St..Jude's Church, Hunsiet, and a few days ago she again entered matrimonial state with William B°°" cock, at All Saints' Church. i _ = Gfi Saturday j August 26, a match came off at the City Grounds/ Quarry gap, Bradford, between tber Australian champion Day, aged time years and two months, and Jem Miles of Brixton distance five miles, round a ■ circular, course of 22 feet '6 inches in diameter, The matches, twti out' of the three to win, were made in Liverpool, tha first to take place at the Strawberry Grounds and the second at Quarty Gap. Master Day won the first easily, -Miles not finishing tha distance: ; The "proprietor of the Bradford grounds had such short notice that it did not get generally known that the matcli' was'to take place at Bradford,- so the spectators were not numerous. Miles arrived in the middle of tbe tiftdrnoon, Day having "come the ntglit Before. Ori the ground being marKed otit, Miles objeDted,; and warited to'alter the agreement, which could: not be done, as the match was 'tuade,to'tak eplade in aci'rule. 'Hdthen left the' course j his backer, however, .intimated iliac he would forfeit. The spectators then wishing' to see the boy ! walk, he entered the course with- his father, and -commenced bis task to walk "the .fiW.mites/'ltM -fallowing being the time of each —First' itfile, 9tn. j 9m. ,5s..} -foiVth mili^ 9m. ; fifth mile ' 7m. 55s. j total "44m. 9s. Master Da" was accordingly pr6n6uh(i,ed"the '""liner , of both matches, The mp *^ ^vas ®a,(* I *o be for'£100 aside ; '""" ;<;rday from Professor r'J10lt(lie Privy Council discloses ' and alarming fact that sheep ^'subjected to the mysterious cuttle ..'diseasq. as much as the ox tribe; and further, that the infection can bd com , municnted from the sheep to cattle and from cattle to sheep. This disagreeable fact have been brought out by cases , that occuried on farms in the country of Norfolk which Professor Symonds was sent down specially to investigate and which, as he reports, show that the infection is interchangeable between sheep null cattle. 