TH E AT E l O A tS...¿o- ; i , ' PRINCE OE WALES. 1 . Though thu ¡».not the Erat timo in Sydney that a lady has sustained the part of Hamlet, tho incident is suffi oioutly rare to impart considerable novelty to its recur- rence. On Monday . evening last Mrs Charles Poole essayed this difficult task, and with such success as .to fully justify, hor hazarding tho experiment. , She evinced a thorough understanding and appreciation of herauthor; and even in thoso portions whore it might naturally liave boon expected sho would havo boen deficient in tho re- quisite ^Aj/jigue, no BUoh deficiency was apparent-at any rate to any extent. She 'delivered hor soliloquies with admirable tasto and judgment, and, in fact, from first to last her personation of the "melancholy mad'' Prinoo was artistic and . highly, meritorious. Har appearance '. was also remarkably effective Miss . Kate Warde was a charming Ophelia, singing tho various snatches of melody allotted to tier with great tasto and fooling. Messrs Barry, Rayner, Burford, and . Miran woro respectively tho Ghost, Laertes, King, and Horatio, and adequately sustained, their characters. '. Mrs Chorlos Jones's Queen was defioiont in weight,' and consequently, in dignity; but othorwiso was satisfactory. , Vinson's' Polohius was'an admirable, pieco of actings Andrews's' Grave . Digger quaint and legitimate ; and Bartlett expanded tho small let . was .' repeated on Thursday, arid' will , bo. so again to-night for positively, the last . time, when it must bo withdrawn., for the' present .'to moko way for a now drama of groat interest, founded on Wilkie Collina's.celebrated romance of "Tho . Woman iii White.". Tho balanco of tho jpast week's business con? sistcd of "Tho Flowers of the Forest," " Ticket-of- Leavo Man," "The Dowogor," "His Last Logs," "Anchor'of Hope," ¿c., «tc. ; ' and au amusing selection of farces, affording full Bcopo for tho display of tho talents of tho effective company. Tirs Poolo is worthy bf support, for sho certainly does her. best to command success by, tho most legitimate means in hor power, endeavouring to descree it. We are, thcroforo, glad to record a decided increaso in tho attendanco hero during tho. week, . 