SYDNEY SUIMMARY. (FIeromt stc ter'o)olitacrsiiee.) Toe S. ~L Herald sa?ys: SVarious rumours havey been in circulation during the last, few weeks, respecting the successor of MIr. Lane as under-seoreltry.for fipance and trade. It is now stated on good authority, that the appoint menat ill he filled by ?M?r. John WVells, who has for many years held the office of accountant at the treasury, and who Ihas recently, and on previous occasions during lIr. Lane's absence, performed the under-secretary's duties. VWe uuderstand that Major Christie is about to vacate the oflice of postmaster- general, and has applied to the government for his superannuation. HIlving filled the sitaation of postmaster-general for twenty-eight years, Major Christio is entitled to d." rdtiring alldwmncesof £800 a year. The appotniente of his successor does not appear to litve been doter mined oh, and in the moantime Mmjdr Chriitio will continue" to dischargo the duties of 'the office: EThe following day's isito of :th6 dame journal, however, says:-We find that we were somewhat premnature in announcing the immediate vacancy of this office, and were inaccurate as to Mjnor Christio's servico as postmaster-general. lMajor Christio suc coeded Mr. Morowether in the offilice in 1852 ] A dinner was given to Mr. Hurtle Fisher on Tuesday lust, at Tattersall's Hotel, by a few gentle men supporters of the turf in this colony, and who wislheod to welcome his arrival amongst us, as well as to show their respect for his energy in importing to the Australian colonies some of the best rocelhorses thot En?land has produced. The chair was taken by Mr. Edward Lee, and the vice-chair by MIr. John Tait. Aflter ample justice had been done to the very oxcellent dinner and winos provided by Mr. O'Brion, the chairman proposed the health of the Queen, which was dirunk with the usual honours. The chairman then proposed the health of their gueost-Mr. Hurtle Fisher-and in doing so alluded to the losses which this gentleman had sustained in his endeavours to import into the neighbouring colonies the best race-horses that could be procured in England. The first loss iMIr. Fisher sustained was that of the fine and promising throee-year old colt New Holland, hy Stocekwoll, who died shortly after his safe arrival in MIelbourno, and to show his value he mentioned that Mr. Fisher had refused an offer of £Z500 for him. The next loss was that of the celebratod Lantern, whose success on the IMelbourne turflast year would be long remembered. Among his victories was that of the Mlelbourno Cup, which hoe won with the greatest case. For this horse MIr. Fisher had also refused a largo sum, but before many months elapsed he broke his leg at the Banl larat meeooting anddied shortly afterwards. And last of all, as if to crown his misfortunes, he had to lamouent the death of the celebrated Fisherman, the winner of over sixty races on the English turf, and for whom MIr. Fisher had given £5000. This won derful horse, however, lived long enough to per potuate his race, and Mr. Fisher had now brought over two young horses, which owned him as their sire, to compete with us at the next Randwick races. Mir. Fisher also possessed a number of young ones by Fisherman, and he trusted with these horses, as well as others he had bred, and which were also of the best blood, that the success of the produce of Fisberman would be some reward for the expense and trouble he had been at in importing these horses, and would prove that blood must be victorious on the turf in the long run. He said they rmust all sympathise with MIr. Fisher in his losses, for tho loss of this horse was a loss to all the colonies, and one that could not be repaired. He proposed the health of Mr. Fisher, and he was sure if it were the lot that the large prizes should go to MIelbourne that no one so well deserved to win them as MIr. Fisher. In drinkling the health of Mr. Fisher, they wished him every happiness and success, and hoped that his young stock would prove some compensation for the anxiety and expense he had incurred in his desire to improve the breed of horses in the colonies. The toast was drunkh with much enthusiasm, and wos responded to in appropriate terms. by Mr. Fisher. The health of Mr. Folgato was also drunk, as well as that of the chairman, and the company separated about eleven o'clock, after passing a very pleasant evening. A very handsome monument has just arrived from England, intended to be placed over the vault con taining the remains of the late Dean Grant, in the Romon Catholic church at Bathurst. It is a solid block of blacke mrble, six foot long by three and a half wide, and having a beautiful polish. In the contre is a brass cross, inlaid with various rich colors at the' onds of the arms are figures repre sonting the four evangelists, and between them are the cholice and the host; and at the foot of the cross are the words Rcquiescat ia pae. The marginal rim, whilch is likewise of hrass, bears the following inscription:-" Of your charity, pray for the soul of tlhe Very Rev. John Grant, D.D., the founder of this church; who died the 25th of February, 1864, aged 48 years. His body reposes beneath this memorial, placed hero by the members of the Young Men's Society as a mark of their grateful and affectionate. remembrance of their beloved pastor." Moth the cross and the marginal rim are very artistically illuminated with 'ornamental letters and emblems. Tho monument is from the establishment of MIessrs. Htardman, Brothers, of Birmingham. It is at pre osent on view at MIessrs. Hooro and Co.'s Labour Mszaaor, in Pitt-street, and as being probably the only work of the kind in Sydney, and as a pleasing memorial to a widely- esteemed clergyman, many will no doubt be gratified by inspecting it. On Friday the city coroner held an inquest at his office on view of the body of John Lovey, who died in the infirmary on the night of the 1st instant. Deceased was a watchmaker, and about two months ago occupied a small shop in George-street North. The evidence showed that it was his common prac tice to pawn watches and other articles left with him for repair, and that he was at one time a prisoner at Cockatoo. He was constantly in "difficulties," and suffered acutely from rheumatism and gout. At times he was heard to wish himself dead; and he told one of the witnesses, a day or two before he left Sydney, that he had tried to get strychnine from a chemist's shop in-George- street, and would have poisoned himself had he not been refused the article. He left his shop in a clandestine sort of way about the beginning of July, and appears to have gone to Bargo, where he cut his throat. Deceased was brought down to Sydney by some constables and admitted into the Sydney infirmary on the 10th ultimo. No person from Bargo was examined at the inquest on Friday, but deceased told the wardsman of the infirmary that he had been drinking for several days, and that he had cut his throat himself. Deceased was placed under the care of Dr. Sidney Jones, who on Friday informed the jury that deceased suffered from an incised wound about four and a half inches in length, which opened the upper part of the windpipe. The injury might have been inflicted by deceased on himself three or four days before he was brought to Sydney; it was a clean cut, and had been made with some sharp instrument. This wound had been sown up in the country; deceased was very low when admitted, and was unable to take any nourishment by way of his mouth; got a little better until a few days before his death, when inflammation of the lungs, induced by the incision of the windpipe, rendered him delirious and resulted in his death. The jury found that "deceased, aged thirty-seven years, committed sui cide by cutting his throat while laboring under a fit of temporary insanity." It is reported that the police-magistrate of Wee WVaa has been called upon by the colonial secretary to show why lie should not.bo dismissed from the public service for having, when the bushranger Thompson was brought before hifn at Narrabi, admitted the prisoner to bail. Thompson, it will be remembered, was tried at tihe last court at Tam worth, and, being found guilty, was sentenced to fifteon years' hard labour. Amongst the recent deaths we have specially to record the following cases:—A little girl, named Honora Hurley, fatally injured by her clothes taking fire at her residence at Paddington on the 26th ultimo, died on Friday last.—A man, named William Stone, who lived at Newtown, died there last Sunday moruing fromn injuries which, as it is said, he suffered in a fight some days since.—Mrs. Elizabeth Pierce died very suddenly last Monday morning, at Newtown, from disease of the heart. —An aboriginal named Jackey Hippey, eighteen years of age, died in the prison at Darlinghurst on Sunday morning.—A child named William Holmes died at Wallsend from the effects of the bite of a snake, on Tuesday last. The now steam fire-engino (imported by the No.2 Volunteer Fire Company), was tested on Tuesday morning aInst. It was in overy respect a success. A suction hose having been attached to tohe pump in Vyynard-square, and other necessury preparations erode, at a signal from Mr. 'Waultor the fire of she engine was lit, and in exactly thirteen minutes and a half'thd engine began to work, and almost immedi ately niteorwards the two disclarging hoses were in full ply. The column of water these gave out was of greaot volume and force, and reached to a perpen dicular height of more than a hundred feet; had the water been confined to one discharging hose it would no. doubt have been thrown to a much greaouter height.' His Excelloney honoured the loyal and energotio company by personally inspecting their engine, ond wishing them overy success. The Empirehas the following:- A mooting of the Sydney Co-Operative Baking Company weas held last evening, at the plade of business, Goulburn-street. The chair was occupied by Mr. 'Short, who read the advertisement calling the meeting. He said he was hItppy to find the dom pny wats in a very prosperous state; much more so than it had been for a considerable time past;'as thd report to be submitted to the mooeting would show. He hoped that there would be a greater accessiodn to the number of shareholders during the next' half' year. A nsafe bisiness was being done, and'it would he for their mutual benefit to extenrid ith'influence much wider. Mr. Smith read the report, from which it alcppeared that the blusiness truonsactiony in the baking department imounted to £3188 18s. ld. ". . ' . . . There wore 110 shares paid up, but there was a con siderable number that worn yet paid only in part. The gross amount of capital paid up was £702. During the poet three monthe the grocery b ninres wee added to the businees alreatdy If, hand. The. traneatlionsin thisdepartmentamountedto £408 1is. fd. The directors were able, on balancing the ac counts, to declare a dividend of 7 per cent. on the capital paid up, .ifter dedncting which from tine profits, amounting to £83, thero was a balance of £4 128. Od. to he added to the reserve fitnd. The. balarice sheot, which wont into the deiails of the company's affinirs very minutely, wos read, and, after some discussion respecting an item, 2 ewt. 2 qre. I1 lbs. of flour allowed for waste, and explana ...tion oiferedhby the manager, Mr. Dodd, and others, the report was adopted. nBoll's Lifensaye:-Somo of the evidence given at thb inquest on the late fire in Yorkc-stroot will not go far to uphold the dignity of our "commercial morality"-an article which does not appear to be one bit too plentiful in the "marelof" One of the witnesses, whose veracity can hardly be questioned, states, "there is a practice of using leading 0ra6nds onr inlferiors g0oods-but I have never done so." The prevalence of this pretty "practico," however pleasant and profitable it may be for tihe "merehant," confers no specialadvantages on the conseumer, as it naturally follows that he is compelled to pay .the AigLcst price for inferioes goods gaily ornamented with "leading brands." The witness alluded to, being "pushed" by one of thejury, whlo proved a regular "sticicer," made the following origin-al admission:-"I have used Booth's labals labels resembling Booth's; the article mw saoke os the premises is quite a good as Booth's." We muac admire the candour of this witness, who has kindly given us a "wrinkle" that may hereafter be ex tremely useful; but, with all our respect for the " article" he " maoes on the promises," we confess that, as a matter of taste, we would much prefer a " nip" of gsenuine Booth's gin to any imitation of that celebrated cordial, even should it be " quite as good" as the "veritable and' original" London "cream of the valley." We were not previously aware that it is a "eractice" with merchants to make " gin" on their " promises," as we were always under the impression that, to produce such an "article" legally, it was indispensably necessary to hold a license from the government, or run the risn of certain heavy penalties for non-compliance with law "in such case made and provided." We are quite aware that "tricics in trade" are common enough; but we were ignorant of the extent to which thoy are carried. What. Booth end Co. will say or do, when they find "labels resembling" those of the firm used for the purpose of foisting on the public here a home-made "ghost" of their patent spirit, we lknow not-although, we shall not be at all surprised to find that highly rospectable and wealthy firm taking energetic steps to protect their interests against an imposition so manifestly injurious to their reputation and the constitutions of ladies and gentlemen having a tenderness for "a drop of good gin u" 