LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF CHRIST CHURCH. The interesting ceremony of laying the foundation stone of Christ Church, Mount Gambier, took place on Tuesday afternoon, in presence of the leading members of the Church of England, and a very large number of spectators. The Lord Bishop of Adelaide read the " Office for Laying. the Foundation Stone of a Church or Chapel," and at the proper place in the-service, Master L. G. Browne, Moorak, with the assistance of the builders, laid the stone "in the name of God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Ghost." After the conclusion of the service, Master Browne gave the following address:-My Friends and Neighbors-At the request of the Church Committee, with the approval of my father, I have performed the duty of laying the foundation stone of this Church. I feel it to have been a great honor conferred upon me, and a great privilege; and I trust that, with all those rising to manhood, whom I have been chosen to represent on this occasion, I may ever remember this day. It impresses on us all the main duty of life, to promote the glory of God, and the advancement of the Church of Christ. Capt. Lyon, addressing Master Browne, said, he had been commissioned by the Committee of the Church to present him with a silver trowel, which was to have been used in the day's ceremony, but through some oversight it had not arrived. However, he held a drawing of it in his hand, with the inscription, and in the name of the Committee he begged Master Browne's acceptance of it when it came. Mr Browne returned thanks for his son. In the cavity underneath the foundation stone, a bottle containing a scroll, with the following inscription was deposited:- The foundation stone of CHRIST CHURCH Was laid on Tuesday. February 21st, A.D. 1865, by Leonard Gilbert Browne, son of William James Browne, Esq, of Moorak. Trustees-William James Browne, James Carisbrook Lyon, Charles George Doughty, Thomas Allen Wells, Henry Edmund Wells. Architect: William Thomas Gore. Incumbent Minister: Rev Richard Wns, Needham. The Right Rev. Augustus Short, the Lord Bishop. THE BISHOP, in the Course of a very appro- priate address said that he felt deeply gratrified at the commencement of a church, which he had so long desired to see begun. On his first visit many years ago he had preached in the verandah of the little wooden Inn. The day of small things should not be despised. It had led to the present ceremony. To some it seemed slow in coming; but the Church of England after more than twelve centuries of existence had had to act upon the voluntary principle. He had come among them at a moment of excitement, but they were met there on a mission of peace and goodwill. In planting this Church let the duty ever be borne in mind "of speaking the truth in love." He would make no comparisons. He had to thank both the Wesleyan and Presbyterian bodies for their courtesy in putting their places of worship at his disposal. All present however, would pardon a little enthusiasm on his part on such an occasion for the dear 'old Church' over a part of which in this colony Providence had set him as chief pastor. In his conscience he believed it to be scriptural in doctrine, primitive in order, catholic in spirit, moderate in tone. The Anglican Re- formation was made not against the powers that be, but with it. Our reformers were able to do their work more calmly. They strove to remove only that in national church, which had been superadded to the catholic faith, or ceremonies which had been abased to superstition. Our reformation was in fact a return to the primitive and apostolic church. Hence members of other bodies loved its wor ship next best to their own, and frequently attended, as he often saw in his tours. More- over here, if not connected with the state, neither was it trammeled by it. They en joyed the same freedom, within the limits of law, as other bodies. He hoped the work now begun would be carried on steadily to com pletion, perhaps not before he left for a visit to England: but the duty to which Provi dence had called him, bound him to South Australia, and if God permitted him to go, and to return in safety, he hoped to see the Church, so tasteful in its design, happily completed. He wished that they might all prosper in their temporal affairs ' even as their souls prospered;' and that God's blessing would rest on the ministry of those in connexionwith that building, to which he hoped they would all contribute according to their ability. 