GENERAL NEWS. THE TRIAL OF DR. FBITCHARD. At fen o'clock on Monday morning, Jnly 8, tlra trial of Dr. Pritchard, on the charge of murdering bis wile and mother-in-law in Glasgow, commenced in the High Oouit of Jastldai} of Edinburgh, before toe i>ord Justice Clerk, Lord ArdmiUan, ui Ljrd Jervlswoode. The ooart-room wee crowded, end many were disappointed fa obtaining j admimlon. The indictment charged the j prisoner with administering tutarised anti mony. aconite, and opium to hie mother-in law, Jane Cowper Taylor, in tapioca, and in porter cr beer, and in a medicine called Batier'e eedative eolation, between the 10th and 25tb of FebrutT, 1866; and ft alio charged htm with administering on repeated occasions in February and Hatch, 1866, tartarised anti mony and aconite to hie wife. Maty Jane j Taylor Ptitcbard, in articles of food and medicine. The priooner entered the dock at tea o'ciock exactly, drowed in deep mourning He was calm and aelf-poooesoed, and looked coolly round the court when be hod taken bis seat. He is a stoat, weli-baflt man, pirpoanjssing in oppearanoe, and whb sharply-defined fea tures. Be vream Mi •hols toogjond hw« large fanshy ' bsardk- hot no lawsiatihn. The prisoner's brother, Obadas Augustas Piitchord, secretary to the naval ooaunaoder- . in-chief, Ptymoutb, by permlsrion of the ooort, took bis seat beside him in the dock, and remained with him all day. The prose cution was conducted. In the absence of the Lord Advocate in London, by the Salidtor Generol, assisted by Mr. Gilford and. Mr. Orichton, advocates depute; the defonoe was "ooductcd ky Mr. A. B- Claike, Mr. William Watson, and Mr. David Brand, advocates. The prisoner'* ooanotl moved the court to ' separate the two charges of murder, on the 1 ground that it embarrassed the defence to ! try tbe two crimes together. The Ooort unanimously refined to (tost - Ma aeqoeet. The prisoner wis then ealled on to pletd to ! the indictment, and in adaoc- dlstinci voire be pleaded "Not Guilty ;aadn Jury having been smrannelled. the evidence for the proee- . , , i prose o'clock. The remainder Of fee day was oocu-! pted by tbe examination of five witnesses, three of whom were merely formal;sad oocu- 1 pood only a few minutes. Tbe two important wftnmms were Catherine Latimer and Mary Klstd. Subjoined!* a summary of the •ftbtoraeBt pnoitdbpt"" fiatfrerlne lattnrr, latdy coot in Dr. Plitchiud'* servios, deponed to the dream stances end events of the faocsebold up to her leaving It Mr*. Pritchard's illnres com menced In October, with frequent •Mrr.^f She went to Sdhrborghto visit her mother in November, jtHurninj^st Christmas. Her j mother f^nd Mim Pritehard,who lived with her 1 mamma in Edinburgh, came with her. to be In very good | week, but afterth*i become illagain. Witness waato tare left tbe aervloe on the 2nd, bat owing to her mfoUem's illwsss «be remained till the 16th cf Wfitt, One sight Mra-Pritchardex dainnd," Oh, Catherine, 1 have lost my omim. Itwverwre ao bad as this before.*' Shams sdaed withernam about the lMi of February. .She was vtry iM, and called Maty M'Leod to fetch Dr. Oalrdner. Dr. Pcitdurd was in the room when another doctor wot met Imv He wwaytng; and witness heard deoreeed say. "Don't cry. yno hypocrite," or, Donjt cy. for ifypudo yog are ahyp> trite r and she added ^hot toe doctors ware ill hypoxics together. 8he told Dr.Oalrdner she had.ohlorofans, bat she had never aaid ao towtossn 'IWteesomMnssdin thewrvioe Ihsisotmdny tbe warm court Hie brother again sat la the ' dock with him *11 day. Tbe Srst witness examined wet Mary Paler, eon, who succeeded Latimer ai uook in Prltobard'i tcrvloe. On tlie 16th February Ma Prltcbard waaill, end witness newer mm i upstairs to eee bar till the night of Mm. : Taylor's Illness. Heard Ma Prftohard ex- I churning " Mother, wont you apeak to me?" and went in, and found Ha Taylor's body 1 Betting cold. Bhe died the aame night and wjtoeae dreaeed the body, wbioh had a pinkish streak on the left tide. On the Tneeday before HaFritoharddledwitneesfmindsbltofcheMe in thepantry.andaiealiltlebit, about the elss | of a pea. After eating it abe felt a burning sensation in the throat, and got sick ana vomited. Her sickness continued from morn ing till night. Next day the prisoner asked witneaeto make some egg-flip for Mrs. Prit ehard. The dootor gave her the egg, and while wltneea was beating it he came oaoa or taioe into the pantry and dropped in what ' wltneea took to be niece* of lumpengar, He said he would add the whiskey when It came , npatala On pouring in the water, to eee if it was hot enough, witness tasted it, and re ..... . .... lomMn' " maikedtoliary M'LeodHhadaho She had the same sensation after it «8 bom the cheese, and oontiuued sick till four oclook next morning. When Mary M'Leod oame down to bed she told bar the subtrees was eo ill that she would not allow the dootor to leave the room. Witnesa did not see Mrs. , PtUcbard tlU the Friday, Bha was waU at J noon, when she saw her drink something 1 from a glass, which ths doctor took from bar. She became very 111 at five and excited. ■ She was raving about her mother. She asked witness to rub her hands, and was tneoh cramped. She spoke about her children in* coherently. About half-peat one witness was called out of bed to mnkh a mustard poult pooltioa and about five minutes niterwarda was called upstairs. The doctor was In bed With his wife. She touched lite. Prllcbard, and foand her cold. The doctor proposed to apply tbe poultice, and to get hot water, saying she was only fainting; hot witness said nothing oould be done for n dead body. He said, Court back, come back, my darling Mary Jane; do not leave your dear Kdward." And added, " What a brute 1 what a heathen! Bo gentle, so mild. Be aeked witness to shoot him: aod In anBwer to her rebuke, bow he should 1 stand before a righteous God, said, "True, Peterson; you're the wisest and kindest woman 1 ever saw." Thomas ConneU and Blchard King, two : students of medicine residing in the house of { the prisoner, gave evidence similar to pre vious witness? as to the symptoms of the I illness of the prisoner's wife and mother-in lltTa Dr. Gairdner and Dr. Patareon woke to the prescriptions they gave. They minutely do scribed the symptoms. The former thought Mrs. Pritchsrd was intoxicated, and forbade , more stimulants. The latter said he could not banish from bis "mind that the symptoms betokened antimony, mid refused to certify Mrs. Pritchaid's death, tbe case being so sod den and mysterious, reletting tbe registrar : to Dr. FHtchatd. .Evidence was called to prove the temperate habits of ths two ladies. At tbe resumption of the trial next morn ing, after some formal evidence had been given at to articles found in the prisoner'e house, John Campbell, manager of ths Apo thecal tee' Company at Glasgow, gave ovidaooo as to the prisoner baring purchased, at various dates from November, 1864, to February, 1865, tincture of aconite, taitarisod antimony, tartar-emetic, and laudanum. On February 8 he purchased one ounce of tartarised anti mony, and one ounce of tincture of aconite. On February 8 he purchased another onnoe of tbe same poison, and on February 11 twft onnoee of tincture of dig!talis. Witness never told sua ounce of tartarised antimony to a medical man before. He had alarm dispensing trade, and he ,was straw with the quantity of antimony said to the prisoner, and also with tire quantity of tincture of aconite. Hie only sold two i onnoee of tartarised antimony in a year to I tbe medical profession and the pubUs in Glasgow. Bespoke tolling pdsener-tinoe November last three ounces of Fleming's tincture of aconite, and said that he belie red i an ounoeor two onnoee would cover the whole ; of hit other business during twelre months. The prisoner sot mom chloroform from trim than allhia other customers put together. He ! had been a disproving apothecary lor twenty-1 three years, and in aD his experience befaad perer famished so mnoh poison to any other i medical man, John Carrie, chemist, Glasgow, spoke to sriltqg prisoner, on 16th February last, two ounces solution of morphia, and oeooapoe He also i *' Fleming's tincture of aconite. He also sold prisoner, on 18th Match last; half im ounce of Flemlngk tincture ofaoOnite, and three times in tire month of March last quantities of, "SSceK; _. Jmcul Dr. ud Dr. Gemgee, Edinburgh, and rfcFRmtty, Glasgow, gave evidence as to the result of the pa&l-mcrtem; examinations of tire bodiee of the prisoner's wife and mother-in-law, and as to the result of the chemical analyseeof the con tents of tire different organs. The substance of their testimony was that there .were no morbid appearance fat tire bodis*v4i»peAtt Of aoconnting for death: that Mrs. Prltehatdltod taken a large quantity of antimony In the form Of tartar emetic in repeated doeas whtoh had caused hot death, and that lbs. Taylor i bad also taken a considerable quantity of antimony in a suooesrioa of doees in the form of tartar emetic, whloh bad caused her Dr. Marlagap was of opinion, that In tire case of Mrs. Taylor the symptoms described by the witneme* were such as aooulle woald bare produced. If opium, aoonite, atsd anti mony had been adndntstered at tires time, be would bare anticipated thegymp (coot vudi SCbl TetIot c repeated doaea of actinreny. administered In and that ma. r " small quantities, and that ma Tayier might ssssfess; and a ooesfient dew to ke* W «evd bejinmlnalnmpo* Of I bearing tire «v£leiioe,tbat ( Taylor wag ooom eoBreouyuudsSuml^ *1 "m^Srebsafa; trewtoa cf ttw Uto DavM j fttttirerd, and, ta tireevettief herdsatb, to j Dr. Pritdsard. who was to gettire interact till bfecbUfova eMtid attaintte age of twenty faytor j badpaidXSOOtoDr.r Alter eooce fornul erldsreoh dwo i . . Tre jSugm. ' ' tio* mnlttod br tire read, la tire first, made oe the find ot Kerch,, toumUmtMsin^^CiaShr.toimKnie j " - 1& her a 1 .«f4;uMhw»ini. 'hat 'It ber. nod he dieooa ire~e*rifcedi£ Mfebr WHeeo. f— -r'--* *t- IsfWtirei sspBretTpfldi nearfit Undredjb»«m & tmqMtrtS the incredible crime of, while able to employ the more potent polaona. preferring (0 poteen by slow decreet, all the time combmhs 33 sympathising with hie victims. He else went on to apeak of the absence of oil reasonable motive. A( to the amovr with M'Lsod, qo cue oodd suppose that, having already had hi. desires grstlfiod, he ooald hare had any fo. - tention of marrying the girl 5 moat lee* tu there any motive to murder hie taothto. inlaw, who wee always ready to a^e him. In hla pecuniary difficulties. -a. accepted the alternative , stated by tha BoUdtor-General, that the murder wav. committed by the ptironcr or by Hair M'Leod, and commented upon tbestrjaaij. omission by the Orown to aak ICary !_ T_^ whether or not her hand had administered the poison. Mr. Olark went on tosbowthat all thepptson bad pawed through herhandT while ell the medicdnea and dram iiTthe housewere In an unlocked press within reach o( the whole household. He ooaudoded by a pathetlo appeal to the jniy far a verdict «r acquittal. The Coait met agetn on the ftUowtng morning. Inly fatten o'clock, The pubao Internet in the trial had greatly Imawaelimi the doom of the opart-room wen berimed. by hundredaof persons eeger to obtain admladon. to bear the judge'* charge to our jury. . The LoidJuatloe Clerk went mlnhtely Into the evldeboe relating to the itlnem and death of the two lsdles, directing the attentloaof the jury to the met, and characterising It u "o very remarkable drcumatanoe', that throughout, whenever the prisoner had oc casion to explain to anybody what bethought, was the matter with lie wife, be oaUedlt gaetrie fever, when ell the symptoms Indicated the von reverie of her being ondec Umt. Bis lordeblp eleo pointed tint to theltoythst the prisoner reported to the registrar'that Mrs. Taylor had been onder parslyris for twelve boot*, which be knew was an absolute falsehood; and that the disease which In. mediately preceded, death was apoplexy, while the medical evidence bed demon strated that there wee acft a. trace of apoplexy In the case. If Ire' todemtobd the theory of the prisoner's oounsel aright, it was that Mary M'Leod wae the person who caused these maiden. Was it oonoelvab'e that a girl rixteeb or seventeen yeare of age, In the position of a servant maid, ooald have herself oonoetved or executed such a design? and It she had conceived It, oould ehe have executed it, snhject to the vigilance o! the huaband of net victim, himself a medi- cal man? The jury retired to consider their verdict aboat twenty minates past one o'olook, and retnmed In about an hour with a unanimous verdict of "Guilty" on both charges, The Lord Justice Clerk then eentenoed the prisoner to be executed at Glasgow on the SStfa July, and In pasting eeutenoe said that the verdict of the jury prooeeded upon evi dence which oould leave no leasooable doubt on the minds of these by whom It war con sidered. The prisoner, who had maintained great, composure throughout the five days of the trial, eeemed greatly effected whan the Vetdkt was pronounced, and leant slightly oo the policeman sitting braids him*, bat while the sentence was being recorded, he completely regained his composure, and after sentence eras passed upon him, he bowed to the judge, and also to the Jury, before leaving the dock* After Dr. Pritohard's conviction he was removed from the bar of the Justiciary Ooort to the odd below, where he partook of tea. Immediately on reaching the cell where the reireehmen te were set, he aald tooue of the policemen who bad obarge of him—"I'm Innocent of this charge." This was the only remark he made. On going to take hit pi toe in the van he ooveted hli fsoe with his hat, to E event the targe crowd through which he d to pern caring upon hits. On the enaniag night, July 7, the prisoner waa, very restless, like a person In a fever. Ho only alspt about an hour. There were three warders with him all night, who engaged in reVgloai exercises, the prisoner joining wllllogly with them. He frequently asserted bis iaaoeenoe to-those around him, and said be had been convicted by mistake. It appears ha was no oonlbtonh that the verdict would be in his favour that ou the 6th he stated to those around hire thai he would immediately go south, end eKerwardi .la Italy, id Jore GariWdV On Saturday morning, July 6, Dr. Pritohaid was removed from the Caltoc Gaol, Edin burgh, to Glasgow, under the charge of a ^ criminal officer bad three assistants. Before leaving the gaol he was Mi added to the ; ike jfflinufi Ho iodmim! <_ composed, And looked abont hhmwlth the utmost coolness. The following extracts are from Dr. Prltohard'e diary" 17th February, leefo—Dladherc at cmeanu, Mar/Jana my «w$ beloved wife, aged tbim-eight years; no tomcat surrounded her bedside, but, Uke a calm, maoeful lamb of God, passed Minnie away- May God and Jesus, Holy Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer till mine be o'er, everlasting lore. Save ua. Lord, for thy dear Son." wpwasstw or ds. nurcHsxn. The ooatict ahortly afterward* made a written confession of the murder of hit wife. The prisoner tonteeeed his guilt to Mr. Old bam, Epteoopeliaa clergyman, in a private man Tier; but Mr. Oldham requested that rritehard should wiite the ooafoesicp, and he did so. The confession states that Mary M'Leod, the errant girl, was aware that be ■H0 W* Sly WHWWUOM|lf WilCU — """IHIgg tut of chloroform, IfLaod was ptsscini Prisoner dvne os a motive for poisoning la wife his lapreperlntinry wlUiMXehdTaa drake that be poisoned Us motbec-la- lair MmTaylor-wbo, be mat, died bom aa over dose of Battler's solntton. Heoonfesard to baring (Bugged the rolutioa found In to pocket after death, bnt denier that It wsu poisoned before she expired. U was said thai when Us bi other, slater, and dangbter were presort with Ua the day pretooas to hi oonftwriOB, the, tatter bad fcaeatsd intheoeU and prayed blaa, if he bad aoteoaed be trmrTr s. toooahwe; and it tsMiMsdtiiatlH titan acknoriedgadhis gulU.' Thh foUowiaj isaoopyoftheoootesrioe.— "I~JEdweed William Afttdured, M.D and IiAS, Ac, teato mskeli IhetoUowiMooefeadoa, for rrwv fg .Mm,to tfae preperaa^o hwametatijaUewith the glrr' """" ■l.tngwitabmta my W ak haswwa cnaceai, This wctinuM at iatorvals apt tha ttawhlanr removal to ItljtaniiMthal Jtas*. %jjipsi pregnaat In Jtey ltt DftaAand with bar own ooaeent Iptodnoe I hava reaeoato IriUevstiM MmlMtehud was quita awareof thia,aa A otarWe '-in-law, Mis, waitfv tto t which I am i spatt ooeMoa r <*? mrtoond » «pecl« of terrible mad *° J*imd to* omoIardent aptrtta. I hereby re", J atste that the oonfetalon £&fettA; U.OldhagV toeUto S?- tbU. »o?U> M«/ J"*vj of, id9 for forflrenaw ttom aibbmt KSi through the intereemionof ourbleassd Mediator.- and Advocate, Jaette J^ut the tord and Saviour, FyUowcre*. Cbrlat toe jw ma addlattdn f.fi'Jfp£y BeT^Tlet me umjfo Jlrfty with ell men. 1 have now to wwl l^flS^'SSRAfaMS ^EdruJ William Tritcbard." There U also connected with Dt. Pritohard n^thw See. oti which, parbaps,he maybe 1f.fS nometight, Some three orftrat 'WeJ^iSafc^e«iWi| to Msetaploy was P'^t tSrSed to death Ih hla hobae. Shews* fund h I® o» h« hack 5rra. with the ■ =«?i*rtof her person mpch homed; and K, waa locked,, but the k«y ootoi not, !» discovered. At the iSme, the case excAtea ^S^Swo" that ebe did MMmto tw 5«th fairly': and tt e»«ed almoetlncrediblo $£ld WoandtinEnnhe^ ^he na ftrssatSfS': (Sd took or waa aet on fire. In reference to circumstance « Glasgow journal ob ees™e~f»cta have come to'our knowledge .ronnertod with the mysterious burning of the connetwm1. orer the occavrenoe uia TOytuiu* »u JESnnt of H ponlflned lfi the Mjrtivf ot STcalamlty. It la quite true that the door S the room where the servant waa sleeping «6 locked, hut it la not quite so certain that r^JTloctod from the inside. The. key was not in the lock, butwai found byDr. Mtchard In a room foil of smoke, tying on the bed where, toe eertaut lay charred .and Bfeleea. NoMly tut toa k«r cnto lt was in toa doctor* hand,, and bow be could have ao readily feund .lt to ao urn likdv a place, and anaidat the dm»t and itomt suffocating smoke. remains a myi Jew that we feat points only to one «mu ffi Os another matter-vis, too motive tnrthedocbl* murder of which he hat been found guilty-m^rrab^light ^ thrown £hbSlorm wTto n wealthy-Wlwm to tSUsaow. The young lady toIccSJtoc.ked Mme£H,000 In her own right. Dn Pnfohard km on visiting and generally pretty familiar £££ with the hetrma upon whom, ehnpfe and unsuspecting to n dept. aoWnme reeto Aware of her resources, too, doctor sougbt^a •KOTSSSSSSSSS?^ ^^MBtoW«itonkInot be gtoen. Tha ■fSvtM uruActM upon, refusal broka JMte «^S«?oXV The bttoto to toe interoouiee tons created rendered It impos eible for toe prbsrditlon to Intrrducejtos episode into to» trial; but. had mtojm* all gone right, it Is easy to perceive wUUIght it would have shed upon toe one point in the case on which no light fiell In court, and no light has yet felleaiB hie oonfesilon. The convict kept calm aud compaaed, mending the whole day in reading toe few hook* suppUod oat td. too prieon library, eating wdl and sleeping soundly. The fob lowing amount Of toecrtatoal will jPghabhr he read with seme interestElward William Pritchard la the son of Mr. John White Pritdmnl. a captain In theRoyal Navy, and was bom < to IMS, to Southaea, Hants. Alter going through the naotopre llmlnary education. he was apprendced Ln bertember, 1840. to Measre. Edward Johh and Obarfee Henry Scott, surgeons of ^ifM^wWe practice in Foitsmouto. During his appreatloehip he is etated to have assiduously etodlsd the elementary branches of his lynfnftirrr, and cond acted him *df with great friends bong detttma. mat nt . j the naval servioe to Wa country, be memo. j rUlised the authorities nt the OwU« of , Surgeons to he allowed to offer fatotaS:for examination to an earlier period than was to that time allowed. His »pPUo*"^ hnrlng been granted, he topearad before of Eiaminera on toe 29to of Msy. lS^ and, after the usual eramtoatkm. was admitted * member of the college. He then an txamlnaUon before the Nevj Boerd, and | WU duly gaaetted ae an I dietHajeaty'enavy,and In the oomhatant branch oS thto eervlos. Those who know what toe poaluon of toe medical officer in the Royal navy was to Ehould ^eodosKBormrMuSdptoe' such thraldom. He, to»eli)te,«mbreoad«ie ■first tppoitunity, and toaigo^ ailoonnCTlnn ] with toe Royal nkw. and. dtUarmined on ereklng private ptatAioe. cesurr to poaaeta a double qnalificatlon, t» presented himself before toe Sodriy of Ago thecarieA and having P«to JfJ'l'SJ purcla*ytheJM.D,'oC,Br>AWm< .g* JJgP COOUlKHKIOr W WW mis-.-nn....- j— and medical eotoca. Many to hit P*P«ra we distributed through toe^adnal turn W Caatta end tlw.Xmto4a^ I the PbwiDiceatkal, ^ VSJftL Oolkge Hedlcal Sodetlea. Ho waa the author ma^Vlslttoi'ltoalruIsland? 'Ofcservadons on Filt-y as a Waieripg ITace, Tne Oaddato Rtley and Ua AnV' for toh-"-' was a ir bttfiad T1--T—rrrr- 1 United Kingdom,! nl life awuranoao.— anoethe geaittHiAi about 6ft, lOin. or f - polrted features, m. appear older toga yeas.'* 