TÍUC FRIGHTFUL RAILWAY ACdDliNTS. An accident of tho moat frightful chai noter has taken placo al Itednal, a station on tho Shrewsbury and Chestci Illilwa). A largo excursion train consisting of thirty two cirnigos, and drawn by two poworful engines, was proceeding from Liveipool to Birmingham The rails had boon newly lelaul, and a portion of thom, it is under- stood had not boon ballasted On approaching that portion of tho Imo tho carriages began to oscil- late lenrfully, the tram waa proceeding nt great spood, and tho drivers seeing the dangei, attempted to draw up, but woie unable to do so, mid both ongines dashed oil the line, proooeding in opposite directions) lhe scene that ensued bufllea nil description-from 800 lo 000 perdons woie in tho train, and the shrieks, cries, un I grunns ot the pool crenttnes woio most heartrending. Iho engines and ii groat portio i of tim ojrnngos woro stnasbod to atoms. Ono ot the stokers was killed, and one of the drivers seriously in- jured When tho mangloil bodies ot tho passengers woro got out it wob found that 11 mon and womon and tu o ohildren wore killed, and about 50 persons, including men, women, and childron, woromoie or loss injured, tho greater portion of thom very Bouotitly. 'lhe bodies of tho doa 1, who in moBt cases were irighttully disfigured, w ro removed to the goods shod, while those who wiro injured woro sent on to bliiowshury. Tho iiows in Iho meanwliilo had flown like wildhro through the town, and when the train bearing the wounded passenger« arrived nt tho al alton many thons nuls ot persons li id congregated there and m the viotnity, nome to look after friends sup- posed to bo among the list of killed or injured, whtla others wera attracted Ihithor in the hope of being useful lo the sufferers.-At the inqnest on tho bodies of the slain, tho jury found a vordlut of "Accidental doalh," but they appended it to a souos oí consures- first on the Great WeBtern Company for not providing hotter rolling stock and laang greater care ot tho way, nott upon the engine drivers tor noglcotmg signals and driving nt too groit Bpoeil, and, listly,on the plateia)eia toi neglect inthu manner in which the> did thoir work Mr. Gilorson, tho manager ol tho Great Westorn Hillway, briefly addressed the court, and de- scribed the measures which tho directors woie taking to ensure the Batisfaotory vioiking of the trains and tho poilcot sifety of the passengers Another nouons railway acoidont took place on the C1 rent Westorn Railway the oilier night, at a part of tho lino a little above Buniol Iho mail train fiom London to PI)mouth carno into collision with an up pnssongoi train, and befoio thoy could hoolenred uti excursion train carno into collision willi the mnl train. Several ot tho pasBengers woro seriously ii juioil but it ia understood that tu nono ol them is death likely to enano. Tho two preceding aooidonls on tho G rent Western Hallway have boen followed by one oven moro startling on tlio Bontli-I'.uatorn lino the last tidal tram, tuned to leavololkostoneat 2 30 pm on the arrival of passen gers from Boulogno, whoqutttod Paris on a recent morn- ing at seven o'olack, slurted, iib inn ii, with about 110 passongors, and proceedod neirly 30 milos on its journey, when, ata place oalled Staplohurst, the accident occurred whioh has boon productivo of such lamentadlo con Boquonoes It appears that ut this point tho railway crosses a stream whioh in wintor is of formidable dimen- sions and of considerable depth, but in the summer shrinks to the proportions of a rivulet On the bridge Unalta plato has been loosaned by the plntelayeis, and the engine running ovor this was thrown of! the rails I hough displaood from ita proper trook the locomotive adhered to the permanent way, but the train broke into two parts, «ml seven or eight ol the carriages plunged into or through tho stream a foil of several ieet I boho unhappy veliioles woro bo crushed and shattered lo pieces that together they did not occupy the space of twowholo oirnuges, ouslnons and luggiigo wero thrown out, into, and upon tho mud in all directions, and, as regards thu occupants, tho sad story wat only too truthfully told in the telegram received in town hortly befo o 4 o'olciok -" Sevorol killed at Staplohurst many moro injurod " On receipt of this information, t «manager and the ti af fio siiponntondcnts unracdiateh left London-bridge, and proooedod to the Bpot in a spooial train, taking with thom sevoral surgeon», while other me i vi assiatanco wa« sum- moned fiom Aahiord and lunliriilgo to the number ot 20 in all A glance at tho condition of the train aril o liaBty recognition ot the olusi to whioh its occupants bo lontod showed that it was iu ordinary aooidont which hail ocourred. rho carriages that went down into the water were s» ti isled, flattened und turned upon tbtir sides tlut it «as impossible to say whether the unToi túnate truvollm inside bad been killed outright by tliaflhock.orsiilfocatid as they lay in tho water and mud those of ti o passongers who osoapodinjury in the lirst instance bebavud nobly towards their fellows in distriis, there was no standing irresolute on the bank-evorylLiiig th. Immla oould do was done, aud done at onoo - «very eflort, toa lirra had been lost Loyoid recall, omi twenty ia tho lowest ostunnlo Hint has been foi mod ns to tho woundod. Mi. Challis IJickens hal n mrrow escapo, ho wa« in the tram, but, lortmintoU foi himself nnd for tho interest!» uf litenitiiio, noone I no injin ios whatew "Iheooro nei'i jnr» in this oiso rat ni m ti ft veidict of "Man klanghtii' nguniHt Mr Onllunuio, ¿ho distuot inspector of that pot lion ot the lino wheio tho iicnidont ocotirrod, mid Vlr. IJengo, toreninn platolnyor. lho ovidenoo ad dueod lemo» no doubt wistow as lo tho canso of the ucoidont lhoi>lntohi>eiH wero »t work on the bridgo over «lnoh tho train wont, and at the momont when tlio ongmo Olino in sight lind two i«lls and timbéis up A signal-man hid boen hunt biok, but only for about r>54 leet lito torera in lind inadu a, mistake iib lo when tho train mis duo, mid hence tho ontastropho Another of the aufl rorB lins died m hospital, nnd two othoro nie nob expected to atirvno. A low days ago, tho Gonoral Assembly of tho Scottish I roo Ohm oh loooived tho report of noommitloe «hioh lins no» boen in existenco tor two jear», appointed to confer with Rcoiiiiiitteüot tho United Presbyterian Olturoh with i vion to mi nieiúrpoiftliiiL, union of the two ülturohes ioma other l'lesUytermn holies hiivo als« within the past t ear booomo partios to the Conference 1 nat ) ear, in tho *i>nodof tho llnitod Proshytonan Ohiiroh, aid ni the I rou Olinroh Absombly, there were lengthonod ditomsions on tho question ot union, which olioitcd adeolded ditler unoo uf opinion ns to tho dill» ol tho omi magistrate to wuds tluiChuioli Ihsqiioilion tlio inajonly in both Houses indicated might bo nudo an opon one, nil purtles being indopoudeiit ol tho Hato , but thero wero minori nticB in both whioh onllod upon the committees dis- tinctly to ullin» the doe! mc« hold by the Chinches re- spectively, lho joint-coninuttoowns n-nppointcd by the liinjiritj on both uulos, and lho report now gi\en in slues thit ooiuudorablo progress lind been made dining the socond year lu conipaiing the opinions of tho two Churobos, in which gonornlly grout harmony had been oMiicod. Hie quesiio vexata wi a not, how ovet, touobed upon m tho piesent jooi'h rc.-_ port, mid tho joiiil-oommitlo now wuhud ro-appointmont tooomplolo their task, Intimating that a finul report on tho wholo subject might bo expected to barnado next jeir. In both dénominations tho joint committee ha» beon authorised lo proseoiito the matter to aionoliiMon Se\arnl spoikora having addressed tho assomblj, therepoit was approved, und tho oomui tleo tc-appointctl. At tho quartoilj meoting of the Dublin Muiiioipnl Oounoil, a communication was rond Irom the Maioi of Coil, unolosing n loi ni ot petition to Parlniniont praying tho grant ot a ohaitcr lo lho Roman Catholics, and asking lot the oo;oporatiou ot tho Dublin Corporation in obtaining it bir John Gray moved that ti potilion, ño- coi ding to tho lorm luolused, ho prepared, the city soul attached to it, and that it be lorwardecl to Mr Monsell loi presentation in tho House ot Commons The resolu- tion was seconded, niul ngarni discussion ensued, in wluoh several mcinhors explained their reasons lor voting for and against it. The resolution wns, however, onrrioei by a majority of l8, tho nutubors being 28 tor and IO against i ho ronun movement, it is saul, oxcitos wy little np prolioiision amongloynl mouin I roi and, ulthougli it would appoar that it has deluded the Munstor peasantry to ft considorahlo extent, 'llio Cork Lxammcr, referring to tho suhjoot, acknowledges a looling of doep humiliation and sot row in being obligod to publish n portion ot tho letigthoned exposition of tho loman organization taken I tom the \ orations New York Herald, l'oroxatnplo, the Amenaaii jounml s tutes that tho drill exercise is now Mgoronsly enforced in overy township mid parish through- out Ireland, by the oilioors, dull eorgosnts, mid military envoys sent over by tho order from America. Hie Cork Journal ridlouloa this atatemont, and asks who can be humbugged by it, y et it admits that there- is indeed a bah t among some of the j otnig mon in tho tow na of filling into rank, und halting or moving at lho word of command. Hut it denies that thoro havo been any nrinH smuggled into thoooiintry, or thnt thero aro uny nnlitaiy depots ulong the const A loman lins boon arrested in Liveipool on tlio charge of robhory. On his person tho following onth was found -"Ilion, in th<3 presence of Almighty God, soloranly uwenr allogiauio to the TrlBli Rapublio now viitually es- tablished, to tnlcu up niniB in its defence at n tuomonl'a notice, and that I will, to tho best ot my powor, defend its territory and indopeiidonco nnd «illimplicitly obey tie conimunds ot my snpirioi olhoer. bo help mo God." Tho end which is to oronn the good woik of establish- ing tolograpluo communication between England and A merion rapidly approaches ilio ilectrio coblo h»B now nil boon aluppod, and is oarefully laid down in three onormoiis ooilo in the hold ol the hugo ship in which lb is bo perform ita important voyage 1 ho mechanicians and the olectnoiaiiB baie both completed their work,and hand- ed it ovoi to tho custody of Captain Anderson and the host of export opeiators who are oarefully to lay it along tho bottom of the Atlantio ooeic. On tlio 5th or Gtn ot July the Groat hustern pioceods to Vulontiu, and lho woik of tho voy uga will bo at onco begun. With lino weather, 12 days is the timo reokonadon lor the voy- age batweon Valentia and Newfoundland It is hoped that message» will bo deluded in August, for which the lompan) proj oso (experimentally) to charge £2 per word. A morcliBiit in Now Hork will thus bo able for £10 lo ob ttm inlolligonco of tho stnto of Hies.London niarkuln in aliniit 5 niitiiifcea, but ns lhere arc d hours' dilleroneo in tho timo between London and Now Yoik, he willaotually i oceiva intelligence ot tho closing prices m Loudon ni lime to regulate his own tianuaotiuns bv thom tor the h ima date. 1 hanks lo tho difleronoo ol lutitudo, tho ti ni v Amerioan font will be porfoimed of dohv« ring intel- ligence in Now York (> hours in anticipation ot ila de- spatch from London. lho Dorby-day did not pass off without somo lemon table acoidonts On tho morning of that day Mi Leg I'uLt.onginoer, ot Caledonian louel, Islington, in company with two neighbours, sot out in ii dog oart foi Kpsmi, to witness tho meo for tho Deihy. 'Ihey woro proceeding townids Kennington, when the horao became tinmonngo. able, and wont otr ut n toirifio paoo, the dogcart ot ming in Molont collision with a heavily-laden inn tlio loroe ot which hurled the thicegontlemon noonudeiable distance, lliey woro talton in nu insensible ntato to tho lospital, where Mi Leggnltexpired Tho other two remain inn pre- carious «tate.-A plonBiiro Mm, Idled, with personsof both SBics, while orosbing Wiiudswoitli common on tho way to Kpaorn, was diBCovorcd do be on bro, through somo of tho Htnokora having dropped thoir lighted tohuoco amongst tho louse straw opiead at tho bottom of tho vehi c o, wluoh blu/ed up and aot somo of tho tómalos' apparel on ino, and one or twowtrosewoly burnt 'lho llamos communicated with the curtains round tho sidi'S nnd the awning, nnd no water boing at hand the van was londorod a completo wreck -On the return Irom Epsom, in oonsoqiionoo ot the reckless<|living thatpre\oilod, and the iiiHo.no tricks which many of those who go to Vpsom onto a yeai think it right to pl«j, two fatal and aoveial moHt sei ions accident» ocuirred. lho Conseiuitives, says a contemporary writer of politioal goBBip, mean to make» desperate effort to gani u majority ni the next Parliament. I very city, boiough, and cour tv, whoi ever Connel vatnmi has tho ghost ot a ohiinoo, is to bu oontoelol. 1 lio time ib oome, tloyfeel, whon thuy must win the pri/o of oflioo or j,ivo up all hope ol it lor yearn to come, and no labour nor money will bo spared to gani their object But it is confidently j assorted hy tiru Üovernmonb election ngontB that tho I next Parliament will ho very muoh like this, and it any chango toke» placo it will bo in iavoui or tho Gownmonb It ih not improbable, however, that Conservatism will gain somowhat. Tho Conservatio o ngnnts aro moro aolivo than those of tie Government, and moro oxpouonood. Moreover, ib ih obsetvnblo that in low oaaes do OonsoivalueB fight Conservatives whereas, for throo Liborul candidates to tiy for two seats is a vory common ocouirenoo. But, oompott iib tho Conservativos Beom to bo, they nro not really bo. An Opposition has but one of |cot- to defeat the Govern- ment-and always «ooma to he unilod, and is united, to gain thal ohjeot, but, that uhjeut gamed, it not unfre quenlly happens that tho party bccomoH disorgantbi'd. lho Conservativo party veiy soon ahowed sign» ol split- ting in 1858 Ihe Govoriimcnt wi s pledged to bnnir forwttid ii Reform Bill. It proposed a Rufoim Bill, and nt onoo two ot its most important memherB, Mr Walpole and Mr. ilonloy, eoccded, and took their places holow the gangway lho country cannot he governed , upon striolly ConHcrvatnoprinaipleg. 'J hu Conservativo pirly oamiot govern it upon Liberal pnnoiples Tho word Oonsonativo ib ii very expansivo word , it can be mado to cover widely different principle». Lord Stanley call» lumsolt a Conservativo, and so docs Mr Gcoriro Bentinck and Loid Robert Cooli. But, really, Lord Stnnloy and these two gontlcmon aro wido iib the noles nBiuider. ' The Post observes - " A par«grn| li lina recently an peni ed in a contemporary antioimomir Lord Palmeislon's appion hitigrotirtinentlioinpnbliolifo fins statement which in somo quarlors may have lound orodenoe. in' totally dei Old of toiiudalion, and we trust that tho do v is Ivr distant when buoIi an announcement will bo necoBsory " ° Since tlio passing ol tho Prison Ministers Aot oí 1803 loman Catholic pntst.i havo boen appointed lo attend the following prisons -At Liverpool borough gaol, ii Ii » sala.y ci XdOí) o, year, granted by lho niogWaïes at K.rkda o gaol, Lancistor, willi £ioo a year? at Min. c1.ester city gaol, »ill, £100 a joar, wh.oh is' to cow bhoproMBioiiot vestments «"dall ulta, appurtenances at Preston House of Correction, wah £|0U nyoai ai Mur «m county gool with £<iu o yenr, at Norllmllerlon North Riding, with £40 a year, nt wikefield, w.tl ¿1 oo «year Surrey House of Correction. Wandsworth £t0 a \, w " 0OU"ty l'r,8u"' Winchestoi, mth £40a ifilir At Woioester oounby prison, ut Wniwiolc, »t Ripon lit Ma.dBto.,0 at Ro.ding and nt the conn ry prion. Sp Sussex, a I oman Catholic pr.ost is permitted toPimP °F loman Cal ioho prisoners iib do not reluse hjaiST lions, bul tho priest rétenos no Biliary fro^*® lho sane may bo tho onso at othor cook iniijon' ni Knifhsh tin-. * " h . been Si f. In oonsequence of the death of the Bishop ot Chester, 'Dr. Jeune, the Bishop of Peterborough, will be entitled to take hil seat in the House of Lords. As junior bishop he will act as chaplain until a vacancy occurs in a diocese other than Canterbury, York, London, Uorfaam, and Winchester. The death is announced of the Rev. W. M. Hethering- ton, D.O., L.L.D., Professor of Syatematio Theology in the Glasgow Free Church College. About tbe periol of the disruption, Dr. Hetherington published a history of the Church of Scotland, in which it was his main design to prove that the non-intrusion ptrty were the legitimate successors of the Knoxes, Melvilles, Gillespies and Rutherfords of the Reformation and Covenanting times. Dr. Hetherington held a high plaoa in the esteem of bis brethren in tbe Church. Mrs. Tyndal Bruce, of Falkland, is said to bave muni- ficently given the sum of £10,000 for the purpose of establishing fellowships and scholarships in the Univer- sity of Edinburgh, and £5000 for the like purpose in the University of St. Andrew's. John Leech's sketches and pictures in oil, the sale of which has been completed, realised £GS00. 