CORRESPONDENCE. THE SALISBUSYEYMN BOOK. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. SIR-Allow me to make a few remarks on this subject. The letter which appeared some time ago in your columns, signed N. W. W., contained objections which to me appeared so absurd that I thought it better to let it pass unnoticed ; but seeing others have come forward since, making similar objections to the hymnal now in use in this diocese, I am induced to make this reply. The controversy appears to have arisen from the circumstance of the clergyman at Wickham Terrace Church selecting hymn 77 to be sung on Good Friday, in which occur these words, "Jesu, Son of Mary, hear!" It appears that N. W. W. was so provoked by this that the remainder of that holy day was spent, not in any meditation on the great event celebrated on that day, but in cutting up the Salisbury Hymnal, trying to discover in it as many objections as possible, and thereby stirring up an unpleasant feeling amongst those who were before quite content with its use. In last Saturday's Courier N. W. W. repeats his objection to this book, I will just take them in order : 1, " In the blessed Virgin's tooral, Purest flesh Thou didst assume." Hy. 32. Here, he says, is " the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception !" He does not say the Immaculate Conception of whom. Surely he must be a Jew, or Unitarian, who denies the immaculate conception of our Blessed Lord ! Yet this is all which is here asserted for whose flesh was "purest" but Christ's and where did He assume it, but in the "Blessed Virgin's womb"? 2. Again, he objects in Hymn 36 to the words When the Virgin pure and bright." Does N. W. W. forget the Collect for Christmas Day, "Almighty God, Who has given us Thy only be- gotten Son * * * to be born of a Pure Virgin." Is the hymnal then teaching different doctrine from the Prayer- book when the same expression is found in both ? Compare also the proper preface in the Communion office for Christmas Day : " Thou didst give Jesus Christ, Thine only Son, to be born as at this time for us, who *#####* was made very man of the substance of the Virgin Mary, His Mother; and that without spot of sin." 3\. " Glory to the Father he, Glory, Virgin torn, to theo." Hymn 42. Who is addressed here? Surely not the Virgin, but He who was Virgin-born, Le., Christ. a. " Hail, incarnate Son of Mary." Hymn 58. Was not Jesus " Son of Mary "? Compare St. Luke, i., 35 : " Therefore also that Holy Thing which shall be born of Thee shall be called the Son of God, I am at a loss to discover why N. W. W. should object to calling our Lord the Son of Eis Mother. 5\. The objection to Hymn 95 is the most absurd of all the obnoxious words are these : " For Magdalene, with loving care, And Mary with Scheme there To announce the holy corse prepare." No objection is made to the other names in this hymn, viz. : Magdalene, Salome, Peter, John, Thomas, but only to Mary, evidently from the mistaken idea that here the Blessed Virgin is scant, But if N. W. W. will turn to St. Mark s". I., he will find his mistake. It was not Mary the Virgin, but " Mary the Mother of James' who was present at the tomb. 65 Now comes " a direct invocation," he tells us of the Saviour as a mere angel, or rather as a mere man" " Be present, SON of Mary, To join their loving hands." Hymn 187. Here, as in Hymn 77, he objects to the words, Souef Mary." It is curious to see how, J? '"'J' Hymn, he says these words imply that Christ was a "mere man;" but in hymn 77 the very same words are said to imply divine honor to the Virgin and in the latter case, he expresses himself satisfied with the juteratKHfof "Son of David." Was not David "man as well as Mary ? *. Here is another objection : " Nor doth the Everlasting Son Abhor the Virgin's Womb." to use the same expression occurs in the " Le Sueur ? '-.' When Thou tookest upon Thee to deliver man, Zoe didst not abhor the Virgin's tooma," 8\. And in hymn 38, is it unlawful to call the have womb "»ll-l»aIlowed," in which that v sung which was born of her was conceived by the Holy Ghost? 16s if 8ÍD over objections to hymuB 40,49,60, of which have been answered above, we come ,"?» 92. The objectionable words in it If these: "True God, true flesh of Mary says. Does N. W. W. doubt the doctrine of JE! Carnavon, that he objects to these words? IT were is simply expressed the belief that "raw ", " Perfect God and perfect man." as the substance of the Father," and AtvT"' £ the eab't"»<:e of Eis Mother," Ainan : Cr. Company, " Word was made flesh" I. John i., 14. k: t now come to the two great objections SKIN' W. W- ha» to all these hymns. T> no says, a we object to hymns to the Tur wing mixed up with any allusions whatever to the Virgin Mary. We have no sanction for this in Scripture." Can NEW We find any hymn at all to Christmas the New Testa- ment? Secondly, he says, " we find no sanction for any (at least not for so constant) reference to the virginity of the Mother of Jesus " in the New Testament. We Answer We do not require examples of any particular phraseology in the New Testament; it is sufficient for us if we find our doctrines the same as those contained there. Now, N. W. W. boldly asserts that St. Matthew i. 23, is " merely ft mistranslated quotation, from Isaiah vi., 14. I am not sure whether he means St. Matthew mis- translated Isaiah, or we have mistranslated St. Matthew. In either case I hope N. W. W. will explain, and give his reasons. Lastly N. W. W. maintains that the expression " Blessed art thou among women" implies no greater share of blessedness than many others as, for instance, they to whom it shall be said, "Come, ye blessed of my Father" or the children "Jesus blessed," &c.; But I would remind N. W. W. that the words in St. Luke i., 42, stand thus : " Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb" -('. e., Christ. Now, no one, unless he be a disciple of Ronan, will say our Lord was blessed only so far forth as a " good man is blessed in life deed." There must be something more than this implied in that word "blossom," which is twice repeated in St. Luke i., 42 and accordingly, immediately after, the blessed Virgin exclaims, what no other could, Behold from henceforth, all generations shall call me blessed," I am, Sir, your obedient servant, J. W. H. 