FACES IN THE CROWD. Nowhere is there such diversity of fcininc cos tume as at a theatre. Some go ill positive ball costume, in low necks and all their shoulders given liberally to the public ; nnd some go in high morning-gowns, which would be tidy enough for making pies and puddings in, but which arc scarcely what wo deem convention ally fit for a theatre. What queer head-dresses too wo seo ! bushels of artificial flowers scat- tered over some, ns it covens garuun mm ucen ransacked for the night's display ; and some with rows of heads like jailors' chains ; some with fuzzy heads, like the African portraits in poor Speke's book — a mass of combed-out tow standing a yard or so from tho head ; and some with a few rats'-tails pinned up anyhow and without a due regard for ends ; but others have rich, wavy, luxuriant ringlets, glossy, sleek, and bright as huo as well as sheen—great heavy masses of warm young tresses, which make one long to run one's fingors through nnd smooth and caress, as 0110 would the plumage of.a lovely bird. And when women have this glori ous gift of nature they nro wisct to leave it in its beauty unadulterated, and to eschew Covent garden and jailors' bends alike, trusting only to gloss and colour. Then there nro the great tlm stalls and the grout guns in the privato — pooplo who seem to think that they do tho 8 g -And tho nudienco undoubted honour tbcre nt all, and who look bored at& S of '("no all the time, as tf they were rimning after pleasuro in nu express-train never stopping, mul could not oatoh ii nftoi nil , and there nro " dashers " and " prnncors," and young Jewesses and old, radiant, rainbow-liko, nnd gorgeous— and tho younger ouesjgloriously handsome ; and there nro sib dm W tho score, qniet or noisy, according to temperament, but I ' snobby nil the 6nme, nnd never to bm mistaken l for anything olse. There is one sfiol. among them ntoro painful than offensive— lhat is Ihc man who is undetermined about bis own ap pearance and of aspirations beyond bis status. And bo is an infliction.' Desirous of looking and moving and having bis outward being on tho model of tho Loudon swull, ho is in a fever about bis eout. and his tic and his gloves, and goes through half-a-dozen phases of satisfaction or despair, according to what ho sees in the stalls avid privato boxes, For when men do take up litis kind of thing they carry it further than. women, and intonsify tlio weakness. What pretty girls! — Greek profiles and nes-rclrousses, pale, and florid, black, brown, gold and warmer auburn, there they sit in ilie front rows like a bod of flowers nil scarlet, and white and blue, and it is worth while coming to tho play if only t.o watch their lovely faces. The youth of Eng lish girls — for there are stages in girlhood, even beforo wo come to tho tiuio when winon nro " old girls "'by right — tlio first early blush nnd bloom of an English girl is something as liko divine as humanity can attain. It is not only in tho colour and form, though both of these avo so lovely, but in tho shy, unspoken, and un developed nature lying like a sleoping c ild within the heart; in tho love that has never been awakened, and that is just faintly stirring in tlio soul, unconscious of its own imprisoned life ; in the instincts that would blush for them selves were they roused to confession and self- knowledge — it is in all this sweet and tender mystery of nature, this union of lovo and basli- fulncss, that the charm of the young English girl consists, nnd that gives her beauty such winning witchery. And this is what you may read in thoso lovely faces in tho front row, whether the Saxon has left his mark on the golden head, or the Celt his on tho ebon. Other races are more loving in their women, more instinctive, and more alluring: and some are as shy : but I do not know where there is the same mixture of both — tho same sweetness of modesty and the same tenderness of love at one time. If there is a fault to find or a stone to fling, it is that this early bloom of soul so soon passes — it is that though English girls are so tender, English women are so often hard, and that the richness, of tho young love dries up and improverishes and stiffens into absolute cold ness. I fling theso stones with a very I'eoblo sling, and do not desire to hit even a ghost. A young mnu, tall, beautiful, and grand, sits with his wife, (all, beautiful, and grand. They look liko pictures cut out of a panel, and arc among tlio most striking of tho audioncc. Young and handsome, they might bo taken for a nineteenth century Venus and Mars, or perhaps by his profession, Apollo. 1. like to seo theso young well- fitting couples ! Men and women marrying in their degree, and mating, not only marrying, arc something for men and angels to admire; but men nnd women mismatched— like that pale, nervous, under-sized, unmanly little fellow in the stalls, with his magnificent, wife, liko a grenadier in petticoats, by his side — arc things to be anything but admired. What 011 earth brought those two into such one-sided bonds? What could the magnificent female grenadier seo in that miserable little mouse, looking like an unhappy tailor in bis Sunday best? — and was be not afraid of being swept away into annihilation altogether by the petticoats, aud t.hc magnificence, nnd t,hc well-developed inches of the lady ? I do think that some women like to have husbands as much inferior to themselves as they can manage to obtain — lap-dug husbands, black- bov husbands, lady's-maid and footmen hus bands, appendages to their state, things that tliev own and command, like, their son's tutor or tho family grocer. Hut as for any real wifehood in such a marriage, or any real huslmmlhood, by virtue of the calmer judgment, the wider strength, the cleaver views which should belong to that condition, I don't believe it ! That miserable little creature has been bought as a ....... .1 frt.i maif li.ii'.i L.t/iii lintii/nf nt i limtf J'MlllU Ut IVA uitii. "wit «»- brougham, or anything else useful or proper for her condition; and my lady parades her purchase ticketed, and thinks, poor daft body, that it be comes her, and is ail the more becoming the more insolently paraded. Another couple, show fairer marriage-lines, if not quite so perfect ns Venus and .Mars there, lie is older than she, a trifle withered, indeed, hut evidently doting, fond, and blessed ; she is a soft " mossy" woman, without an angle in mind or body, a loving, caressing, sweet-tcniporod, pliant thing, born to make a man happy and her home a little island of peace. She could not quarrel — if she were ill-treated, alio could cry — she could not scold, she could not assort herself, she could not light, nor yet bear a very heavy strain ; but site can lovo "and yield, nnd smile and sing, and stie can .» t 1 i» . ...ai. BincNiiu nor nusrumi s juiui ui uiu uhu u. with rose-leaves an inch thick. And a woman who can do this naturally, and without strain or sacrifice, is a woman with a mission which many another of more high-sounding talents might envy. Then there is an artist, nil hair nnd oddity— with something wrong about iiis boots nnd with gloves that do not fit ; indeed, the hands do not seem made for gloves at all ; and near him another artist, only to he discerned as such by a certain indefinable pioturesqueness — a colour or a fold — tluit does not degenerate into oddity, nor leave him other than a high-bred gentleman of the true conventional ring : which, mind you, when not nnrrow and in iron-ribbed slays; is nut such a bad type after all ! Near them is a literary woman. I know it by bet' face ; by (bo deep line between her eyebrows anil down tho sides of her mouth ; by the Waienini eyes, linn see uiciyiuiug »uu luueui all ; and by the painful crisping of her lips when the outward world fades away from beforo her, and the inner world of thought, and re membrance surges past. 'She has had a hard hand-to-hand struggle with difficulties ; perhaps is in tho thick of the light yet and tho very faculty which gives her bread makes ihe toil ot tho sowing nnd the heat of the reaping all the linrdor and heavier — the faculty of suffering, which lends her sympathy and insight. She is 11 history in herself. I can read in hor face, as in an open book, tlio words of that long-e.liorisbcd pnssioiinto lovo which turned at last, into as pas sionate despair ; I can rend the footprints nt dead hopes, which have ploughed their way across her brow ; I can see where the tears of desolation and tho lire of outraged pride liavo crossed each other's paths — where prejudices flung ono brand that marked, and slander another that, scorched — whore the enemy struck, and whore tho friend honied 5 for did she not set herself ns a mark for others' blows, coining out of her safe obscurity and milking herself a targe I for flying arrows ? All women do that who tako up a public life, and ait 011 the threshold of their hopes, and nab within tlio cliiinncy-cornor 1 Hut 'I seo, with my literary friend before 1110, how, though she has lived a long life of suffer ing and experience, albeit in the prime of Iter natural ago, sbo lias still loft within her the power of love, and 1 he capacity for yet further sorrow. When thu lovo 1ms gone out of her tlio cunning of her hand will have departed, and she will sink into the dust and nslics ot tho grave, together with other dead aud soulless things. Whom clso hnvo we I Men with the tlio wives they do not love, and 111011 with tho wives they do 1 and men with wives not their own, and others with women who arc 110 wives to an' ; men who are engaged to the girls sil ling hy thorn, and inenwiio are only flirting nnd nibbling; men with women to whom tlioy nro profoundly indifferent in every way, hut going just aw nu escort, and because they " might as well great batches of friends making up a " party " for tho threatro ; men like dogs, men like birds, and somo like horses, and a few like apes ; curly men, with great brown boards all in rings, and brown hair all in waves ; smooth men, made up of straight Hues set iu at right angles ; old men and bald men, and grey men aud black, wiggy moil, and winy men ; stout men, with an acreage of waistcoat, and lean men of tho grasshopper order, like mere outlines ol 111011 : horsey men of all ranks, and family ineii the same ; lino jovial-looking men, with magni ficent bonds, deep chests, nnd an air of supreme command, not assumed hut innate ; and ugly little scamps, not worth their salt; and a few intellectual heads, with faces as calm and passion- loss ns so many statues — the faces of men look ing on life from a distance, but not interming ling. All these, and many more, are to be scon among the crowd ; nnd I ask you, arc tlioy not better to watch tliuu flies aud weeds? — and is it not of moro interest to road their lives aud characters, than to n.nko a stupid '/tortus siccus, or stick pins into asphyxiated moths and beetles ?— Temple bar. 