DECIDUOUS TREES ADAPTED TO THE CLIMATE OF VICTORIA, j {Concluded from our I art.) The Poplar (Popvlut). — In the oolony we hare the Lombardy Poplar (P. fariigiata) j the Black Italian (P. momljftra) j the Aspen (P. Iremula) ; the White Poplar or Abele Tree (P. alia) j the Balaam-bearing or Xarnmahac Tree {P. baltamifera). The Lombardy Poplar is one of the commonest deciduous treee we hare, being easily propagated, and thriving in almost any soil or situation. It is a native of Italy. When planted near water it grows with remarkable rapidity, and attains a great height; there is a tree in Oxfordshire which in 1853 was 125 feet high, having been planted fifty years, and the man who planted it was still living in a cottage near H. Its timber is of little me, but the tree itself ie Tery useful in landscape gardening, being highly ornamental when contrasted with the horizontal lines of a bridge or other building, or with round-topped trees; it is also well adapted for street planting on account of its branches occupying so little lateral space, not coming in contact with the houses. And it makes a good breakwind. The Black Italian Poplar, eo called from being abundant in the north of Italy, though it is said to be a native of America, is the most rapid-growing of all the poplars, and attains a height of 100 feet. It does not appear worthy of high commendation as an ornamen tal tree, for it is thin of foliage, and has in consequence been called a ghost of a tree. Of the Aspen, little can be said of ite adaptability to this climate, as it is not yet much cultivated, doubtless it would grow well enough in good soil, but never become of much value. It is a native of Britain, and readies a height of sixty or eighty feet, but is very short-lived. Tlie White Poplar is so named from the under sur face of its leaves befog oovered with a white oottony substance, which, when the leaves are ruffled by the wind, give the tree a conspicuous appearance. It is a large-headed tree, a native of Britain, and grows with extreme rapidity, especially when planted near water, though it will thnve in any kind of soil and reach a height of 100 feet. It is undoubtedly one of the best of the poplars; it is said to be the Chittim-wood of Scripture. The Balsam Poplar derives its name foom the glu tinous balsam with which the buds are co vered : it is found in North America and the Bast of Europe, attaining a height of about eighty feet, with a thick trunk. It requires a rich moist soil and sheltered situation, as its foliage is affected by hot winds. Its young leaves, which are yellow, are pretty in spring, otherwise it does not appear to be a desirable tree. The Sycamore (Aoer Pttudo-Plalantu), greatly resembles the Norway Maple, but attains a greater height; like it growing rapidly when young. They both afford a very dense shade, and are therefore frequently planted on the sunny tide of a dairy in the old country. The foliage of the sycamore is somewhat tender, so that it would require a deep soil and sheltered situation to enable it to do well in this climate. Tlie Golden leaved or Coratorphfoe plane, has very beauti ful foliage, and is well worthy of being planted among cither trees for the sake of the contrast its leaves afford. The wood of tire Sycamore is used in the manufacture of violins and other musical instruments. The Tulip Tree (IAriodeadro* tulipifera), is one of the finest of American trees, and next to the Plotamu, attains the amplest dimensions, befog frequently found 120 feet high, while the strmigbtness and uniform diameter of its trunk for upwards of forty feet, the regular distribu tion of its branches, the richness of its folisge, and the beauty of its flowers, give it a decided superiority to that troe, and entitle it to be considered one of the most magnifioent trees of the temperate zone. 'Whether it will maintain fuch a character in this country remains to be proved ; it certainly does net grow so rapidly while young as the Pialasvs. It prefers a deep, loamy, end fertile soil, such as n found in the bottoms near riven. The Walnut (Jtulant rtgia) is a native of Persia, and forms a hugs and lofty tree reach ing a height of seventy feet and upwards, with a stem four feet in diameter. Its fruit is well known, and also its wood, which is much used for cabinet work and for gun stocks. It attains tbe largest size in a deep loamy soil, dry rather than moist, and euooeedi admirably in this oolony. There are several American species and varieties of the walnut, commonly called hickory nuts, not yet introduced, which might be worthy of a trial. The Willow (Salix).—Of this genus a few species form trees. The Weeping Willow (8. Balglanica), grows to the height of fifty or sixty feet i S. alia, sixty to eighty; & Battel liana, aixty to tighty i S. Caprea, wbioli fur- . niahra what are called « palms" in Britain, forty i S. tildUna, forty feet The proper situation for than is on the margin of water, when they are all, and especially the Weeping Willow, highly ornamental. I shall next describe trees under fifty feet in ABantiis or Tree of Heaven (Ailattlui gUmialcta) is a native of China, growing to a height of forty foet or upwards. It is remark able for its rapid growth when young, pro ducing shoots of six to nine feet in aseason. Ite folisge is particularly handsome, the leaves befog frequently six fret in length on young trees. It thrives best in a deep moist soil. The Aflaatue etikwonn which produces the silk of which eo many of the Ghfoew garments are mart*, fjafedl OQ'tbu tlWs Tbe Alder (Mam gltUUota) has tittle to recommend it except that it will grow in moister situations than any other tree, and therefore nifobt' be usefal for planting the margins of swamps. It it a native of Europe and Asia. Whan allowed to grow to a tree it sometimes reaches the height of forty feet i itewood ie valuable for a greed many {nupqpee—'chiefly domestic, and is almost fodaetmotibfo under : The Almond (Amttg/UUu eammnmt) though beet hnoim as a fruit tree, ii also higUy ana' mental) especially when in floorer, forming a molt beaunfhl object in earty spring. It is a native of Mauritania and the mountainous of- Asia, attaining a height of thirty Bet, ftprefema wcU-diainedeandyeoil. . -JOn Weeping Aah (Ibuhuu tubdiior jua dalf) may he clamed here. Thlseipgular and beautiful variety of Aah wai disoovered about the middle of the but century in * geld near MfimpoJeinChmbridgeihire. It Upropagated by grafting on tall items of the common Ash, and thrives in any good soil. : , \- , SteOarob, or St. John,** Bread (Cerflortia Silitpia), ia found in the south of Europe, especially in Spain, where it reachee a height of forty feet, and ie chieflv valuable on aooount of it* fruit. This is a pod or legume, the j^alp of which is eaten by man, or made into a I of honey, which serves the Arabs for sugar s ihe seeds by hones, and the husks by swine. It is alow growing and sot very handsome, but will thrive hi any soil. Ihe Chtalpa {Catalpa tyringmfblia) is a native of North America, and attains a height of forty feet. It farms a dense large-headed free, with large leaves, and produces beauti ful flowers about midsummer. It prefers a moist soil. The Coltis or Nettle Tree (CelUe avHralu) is a native of the south of Europe, growing forty feet high. It is much used in the north of Italy ana south of France for planting : squares and publio walks. Da wood is ex tremely compact, ranking next to the Box wood. Id the South of France the young stems are muob used for making hayforks; so valu able is it forth iipurpoee that in the Department du Gard there is a piece of rocky ground seven acres in extent (which would be quite useless for any other pumose) from which above 5,000 dozens of hayforks are made every year, pro ducing a revenue of 26,000 francs—equal to the sum of £148 sterling per acre. The young shoots are extremely flexible, and are mid to furnish whip handles to ell the coachmen in Europe. It also furnishes an eatable fruit, supposed to have been the Lottu of the ancients. The American Nettle Tree or Sugar-berry (Celtit oecideutalii) resembles the former in 1 every particular, with its leaves a little broader. They thrive veiy well in this climate, and will ] grow in any soil. The Cherry Tree (Oerattu vulgarii).—Of | this much 'esteemed fruit tree the double flowered varieties are worthy of a place in any collection, being so very handsome when in blossom, more especially the double French, whichappeen to grow to a timber size, andjpro- i duces blossoms almost as large as roses. There j are a great many other (as yet unmtroduced) species and varieties of the cherry which are highly ornamental. The Elder, Bourtree of Scotland (Somfocw nigra) is a native of Europe, generally found in hedges, and under favourable circumstances attaining a height of thirty feet. It is hand some both in flower and trait, and will thrive in any ordinary soil. The wine made from its berries is well known, and much used iu the old country as a remedy for colds. The elder flower water of the perfumers is distilled from its flowers. The Hawthorn (CraUegut).—Of this genus there are an immense number of species and varieties all eminently beautiful both in flower and fruit. They are esteemed both for orna mental trees and hedges, the common Haw thorn (Oratxgue Oxyeautha) being one of the best and most extensively-used hedge plants in' existence. When left cm pruned, its beauty in spring when covered with its Hay-blossoms J is known and appreciated by everyone. - Its varieties, the seariet, the pink, and the double blossomed, are exceedingly beautiful when in flower. They are nearly all natives of Europe and North America, mostly forming trees twenty or thirty feet in height. They thrive well in this counter when planted in properly- i prepared soil. The following sorts may be obtained in the colony:—C. Aroma, arbuti folia, crug-gaUi, or Cockspur Thorn, C. Don glatii, macracantha, mexicana, which pro duces the largest fruit of any; C. odoratusi tna, Oxycantha, and its varieties, double J white, golden, variegated, superb scarlet, double pink, and upright growing ; C. punc tata purpurea, pyrifolia, and tanaeetifolia Leeana. Their fruit, which varies in size in the different species from a Mustard seed to that of the Golden Pippin Apple, is, in many ] of the kinds, quite agreeable to the palate, and greediiy devoured by singing birds, especially those of the thrush family. The Judas Tree (CercU tiliguartrum) is a native of the South of Europe and Asia, especially about Judea, and even in Japan. It is supposed to be the tree on which Judas hanged himself. It grows to the height of | twenty or thirty feet, and forms a handsome tree with a flat-spreading head in the form of a parasol. In spring it is singularly beautiful, for then it is covered with numerous bright purplish-pink flowers which appear before the leaves, and are produced from all parts of the stem and branches. It will thrive in any ordinaire soil. The laburnum, Cytimi laburnum, the com mon, and C. alpinum, the Sootch Laburnum, are natives of Europe, generally found on mountains and attaining a height of twenty or thirty feet. The Laburnums are well | known from their beautiful flowers. They succeed pretty well in this country whan planted in deep strong soil. The oak-leaved variety of the common Laburnum grows more rapidij than the original species, and the weep ing variety forms a fine object when grafted on a tall stem. One of the most curious hybrids known belongs to this genus. It is named Cytievi Adami, and is between the common Laburnum and Cytistti purpureutt. It produces three different kinds of flowers ; some are like each parent, and others of an intermediate character. The Locust Tree (Bobinia I'teudo-Acaeia) is a native of North America, and though attain ing a height of sixty feet in favourable localities, does not appear to become more than a low tree in this climate, where, however, it grows well, and will thrive in any soil. It makes a 1 strong hedge in a short time, and bears prun inzto any extent. The Uaple (Acer campettre) is a native of I England and other parts of Europe, where it | attains a height of from twenty to thirty (bet. Its wood is used by turners and makers of ] domestic utensils, and furnishes also the cele brated Bird's-eye maple of the cabinet-makers. It forms an ordinarv-looking tree without much 1 to recommend it | thriving in any well-prepared soil, and appearing to succeed in this climate, for there is a healthy specimen in a garden in Collins-street, Melbourne. The Bed or Soar let Maple is a highly ornamental tree and re markable for the beauty of its flowers. It is a j native of North America, where it is found I growing in deep rich soils by the margins of ] riven, The following other kinds, which are yet untried, may be obtained in the colony:— A. montpeutdantm, opalut, opu'iMium Penn- \ eylravicum, striatum, and Totariam. The Magnolia.—In the forests of America are fonndmany deciduous species of Magnolia, very few of which are yet in this country. They generally form handsome trees varying from thirty to sixty feet in height, and most of them producing beautiful flowers. They delight in | moist situations where the soil is deep and the air humid from exhalations; therefore they cannot be expected to thrive in this climate except in very peculiar situations. The Patiurus, or Christ's Thorn (Poliunu ] aculeolut) is a native of the east of Europe and of Asia, where it forms a low tree resem bling the liawthorn, and oovered with prickles. J It it used as a hedge plant in Italy and Asia, and though thriving pretty wall in this ooun try, does not appear worthy of much notice. The Paulownia (Pauloumia imperialit) is a native of China. It greatly resembles the Catalpa, but with larger leaves, whioh some times measure seventeen inches across. It grows very rapidly when young and forms a | large-headed tree, producing handsome flowers. Apy kind of good soil suits it. The Plum (iVsaai).— There aw several aperies and varieties of plum which form handsome ornamental trees when in flower or fruit. Such are the common sloe, or black thorn (Prawn* qkmm) i the bullaoo (Praam imititia) f the douHe- Uoseomed plum (£•*»as domeetica pfeaa) j the cherry-plum (Praam myrobatan). All of these thrive in thi* ooun try in ordinary good aoQ. The 1>eer sad Apple fPyrw).—In this ! genus nrt • number of highly beautiful orna mental tree#. The Common Crab (Pgnu ma(ut) u remarkably eo when in flower, f vmt tpettaitii* ii still handsomer, and the ! Siberian Omb (IVu beuxata) either in flower or when covered with fruit, is Ten pretty. Several varietiei of the Bear al»o (fjmu oam iwsis) are well adapted for planting aa orna mental treee. The White Beam Tree (fty-ar aria) is a natire of Kuropo, growing to a height of forty feet, with a symmetrical shape. Its leave»i *hioh are white on the under sur face, produce a atrifcing effect whop the wind blowa. The Serrtbo Tree (fynu rorJar) is of a aipiQar ehwaoter to the foregoing. The Mountain Ash, Bowan Tree of the Scotch (.Pyrut aucuparia) is a well-known tree when covered wilu its red berriei in autumn. All of then thrive in this country when planted in properly-prepared soil. 