MISCELLANEOUS; (From the Home News) The Queen has shown of late, in a variety of ways, that she watches with lively interest, all that relates to the health and welfare of the in- dustrious portion of the community. Her Majesty waa much movod by the painful narra fives of the suffering which attracted so much attention recently, and cast so much odium, on the maladministration of poor relief in the, me tropolis. The Home Secretary received more than one anxious and animated interrogation, dictated by her Majesty, as to why-poor crea tures were suffered to die of cold and hunger in the midst of tho wealthiest capital in the , world. It is to be hoped that this kind solici tude will be the cause of a reorganisation of the manner of dealing with the poor, and that a littlo benevolence of feeling may be the result. A paper on tho offects of smoking, whick was ; ? read by Dr. Jolly at a recent sitting of tho. , French Academy of Sciences, has attracted some , attontion at Paris. In this papor the author''' attributes to tho excessive uso of tobacco the 'J increase of insanity in France and other fcoun- ? * tries. Debility in the functions of tho brain and;. tho spinal cord is, he soys, tho consequence pf. this practice, and such debility ultimately: leads'..' to insanity. He illustrates his' statement: by a, ,} comparison of the increase in tho number of tho ¦ insane with that in the consumption of tobacco.:. It appears that from 1812 to 1832 the .revenue* - of tho tobacco monopoly has increased from, 28: to 180 millions, and tho number of lunatics iii' Franco from 800 to 44,000. "¦'¦-¦ Tho Hon. Charles Gavan Duffy, late Minister ¦' of Public Lands in Victoria, has arrived by tho , Great Victoria, and is staying at the Grosvenor ,, Hotel, London. It is said to bo the intention of a numbor of Irish mombors of Parliament, acting in concert with his other friends ' ia' - London, to invite tho hon. gentleman to a public': banquet. ..-.., Captain and Brovet-Major Pasley, R.E., who acts as agent in this country for tho 'Colonial'. Government of Melbourne, has purchased of tho: War Dopartmont a complete battery of < six 40 pouudor guns, which aro now ready for shipment : in Woolwich Arsenal, for the Colonial War De- partment at Victoria. At a dinner tho other day in the Westminster Hotel, at which Lord Houghton, Dean Stanley,' ond others wore present, a clorgj man who has soceded from the Church since tho Colenso docision workod himself into a state of no incon- siderable warmth, and emphatically asked, "What is the Church of England now ? " "AY branch of tho civil service! " was tho answer of Lord Houghton, given so promptly that the Nonconformist speaker did not find it necessary to say, " I pause for a reply." The answor of tho noble lord " drew down the houso," as the Americans would say. Brother Ignatius is engaged in serious diflt-, cultios with, his third ordor. Somo havo -re- signed, and others do not please him, so that tho ordor is in rather a bad way. Tho Feast bf St. Benedict has beon colobratod with great pompt in tho monastry. The " Mother Abbess," the celebrated Miss Cellon, assisted at the ser vice in her full robes as an abbess, an acolyte boaring her handsome pastorol'staff.?On Good Friday morning Brother Ignatius and tho Brcthron of the English Ordor of St. Benedict ?'. made spocial offorts to colobrate the. day accord- ,. ing to their peculiar viows. Tho chapel warnung - with black, and all light was carefully excluded,.' although two largo candles glimmered gloomily be- . fore tho altar. After a fow seconds, howoverj it was apparontthat aprocossion was advancing at a.; snail's paco through tho gloom, and threading its way carefully through a rather Humorous and . closely-packod congregation, principally of the poorer class. Tho rich baritone voice of Brother Ignatius could soon bo detootod in tho hymn which tho procession was singing. When the i procession reached tho altar a few moro candles wero lit, and it was then possiblo to obspryo thatBrotkoi- Ignatius woro-a cloth of gold vest-, mont on his back, whilo his head was.covered with, tho cowl of the order. Among thp novel- ?; ties introduced . into tho ceremonial on this occasion was tho following:?At the words in ¦ tho gospel, " It is finished," and " He bowed' His head and gave up tho ghost," ari attempt was mado to portray the lightning and thunder which the Scripture narratives (thus tho re-' porter) records to havo attended tho real ovent. The thunder was more successful than tho light- ning, which may be said indeed to havo boen a mero flash in the pan; some of the kitchen utensils wbidd seem, from tho nature of tho sound evolved, to have been concerned behind the scenes in the production of the thunder., At this extraordinary scene—or rather, attempt at a scene—Brother Ignatius, Mr. Ouseley, all the monks, and most of the congregation, pros- ? trated themselves for a few seconds. THE GREAT BURGLARIES IN THE CITY.— The prisoners David Roberts, Wm. H. Geoffreys, Thomas Brewerton, alias " Velvet Ned," Thomas Caseley, alias " Counsellor Kelly," William Brown, alias " Scotty," Frederick William Wil- kinson, alias " Carrotty Fred," James Hurley, Martha Geoffreys, Sarah Brewerton, and Anne Caseley, were brought up at the Central Crimi- nal Court to plead to the several indictments charging them with being concerned in several extensive burglaries in the city. Of the above prisoners, Thomas Brewerton, William Henry Geoffreys, Thomas Caseley, David Roberts, Louisa Brewerton, Martha Geoffreys, and Anne Caseley, were indicted with burglariously breaking and entering the premises of Mr. John Walker, jeweller, of Cornhill, and stealing watches and jewellery to the value of about £6000. After tho, evi-. dence, the Recorder ordered the female prisoners to be discharged from tho dock, as it was proved, they were all married women, and the presump- tion of law was applied in their favor thit they, acted under the coercion of their husbands. The male prisoners wero all found guilty. , The facts oh which their conviction took place wero, extremely Bimple. The police got information that a man of the name of Roberts, professing to be a woaver, was in possession of some of the stolen property. . They arrested him, and found a portion of it. They next made a descent on a house in . tho Whiteoliapol-road, ' seized a niau named Geofferys, and another' named Browerton, alias "Velvet Nedi" YGold. chains and jewels, £80 in notes, some sovereigns, , and two deposit receipts of tho London arid. Westminster Bank for £400, were the plunder discovered in the premises or on thc parsons of the prisonors, the jewels and chains being iden- ! titted as Mr. Walker's. Going next to the house ; of a man, Caseley, alias " Counsellor Kelly," in Bow-road, a box was discovered containing 52 gold, watches, and another with £196 in gold and:a £50 note. Moreover, a "jemmy" was found which exactly fitted the marks on Mr. ? Walker's doors. The total result of the judicial inquiry into tho burglary at Mr. Walkers may bo thus sum- . med up : Three men have been convicted of the offence, some of sharing in the plunder; : about a third of the property has been re- covered; and one is as much in tho dork as be- : fore on the question how tho deed was done.-? On the following day, Frederick William Wil- kinson, alias "Carroty Fred," alias Erskine; '-' William Brown, alias "Scotty," alias Price;.! William Henry Geoffroy, alias Barrett, alias, Parker; and Thomas Brawerton, alias "Velvet Ned," were indicted for burglary in the dwel- ling-house of Francis Bennoch and another, and stealing therein silk of the value of £500. Three of the prisoners pleaded not guilty; but Geoffreys, while denying having taken part in the burglary, pleaded guilty to having received a portion of the stolen silk. Mr. Pater stated the case for the prosecu- tion. Brewerton was acquitted, but the other prisoners were found guilty. The prisoners convicted the previous day wero then brought up for sentence. The other indictments against tho men were not proceeded with; all, except- ing Brown, had been before convicted, princi- pally of burglary, and "Scotty" had suffered 10 years' transportation in Scotland for that offence Brown and Geoflreys were now sen- tenced each to 20 years' penal servitude; Casely and Brewerton to 14 years; Wilkinson ¦¦ and Hurley to 10 years each; and Roberts to seven years. [Robberies to the amount of between £11,000 und £12,000 had been effected by the above prisoners within a period extend- ing a little over six months. 