WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. 'From the Sydney Momina Herald.! Fifth Day.— At 10 a.m. the roll was called, and the usual devotional services were observed, the Bevs. J. B. Waterhouse and 6. Daniel offering prayer. The question of examinatioH of eharaeter was iesumed, and occupied the attention of the Conference until 1 p.m., when the President pro nounced the benediction. At 2.30 p.m. the roll was again called. The Scriptures were read, and the Rev. B. Chapman offered prayer. After dis posing of a few preliminary matters, the President suggested the desirability of appointing a small Committee to prepare a digest and classification of the recommendations of the several districts anent General and Triennial Conferences. The Kevs. J. Eggleston and J. C. Syuions were chosen by a unanimous vote. Johu (Jaldwell, Esq., M.L.A., and Ebenezer Tjckery, Esq., were appointed Auditors of the Connexional Funds for 1*54. The Sev. D. J. Draper, Clerical Treasurer of the Old Preachers and Widows Fund, brought before the Conference a tabular statement of the contribu tions of the districts to that fund. It was agreed that the rule requiring a certain sum from each circuit, in proportion to the number of ministers it has, should be adhered to. The question of the division of circuits was then entered upon and disposed of. At 5.15 p.m. the Conference ad journed. It was agreed that the Stationing Committee should meet this (Wednesday) rnoru ing, at 10, and the Conference at 12 o'ciock. Sixth Day.— The Stationing Committee met at the hour appointed, and continued their sitting until 1p.m.. At half-past 2 p.m. the Conference met. The roll was called, and prayer was offered by the Hev. Edward King. The ex-President, the Kev. James Buller, read an obituary notice of the ruinisierial life and happy death of the late Rev. Nathaniel Turner, which was adopted by the Con ference. The Secretary read the minutes of the preceding day's business. The President stated that the first draft of the stations was ready, and requested the Secretary to read it to the Confe rence. It was read without remark. On the motion of tke Rev. J. U. Millard, it was resolved by the Conference that the stations be read a second time, and that discussion be taken thereon. Several of the recommendations of the Stationing Committee were considered, and the Conference adjourned to meet on Friday at 10 a.m. In the eveuing the President of the Conference (the Bev. J. S. Waugh) preached the official sermon in York-street Chapel. The rev. gentleman took for his text the words—' He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire' (Matthew'iii. 11)— and upon it he founded a very earnest and practical discourse. At the close of the service the ordinance of the Lord's Supper was administered to the ministers present and to a considerable number of the lay rr embers of the Wesleyan body. Seventh Day.— The Conference was opened by singing and reading the Scriptures, after which prayer was offered by the Eevs. K. Mansfield and J. Fletcher. Messrs. J. Dawson, T. P. Reeve, Sutherland, W. Love. Falkner, Bowden. Barker, Davis, and Caldwell, M.P., as members of the Missionary and Connexinnal Committees, were present. The other members were unavoidably absent. The order of the day being called, the Children's Fund account was read by the Clerica Treasurer, the Eev. W. A. Quick, and, on the motion of the Kev. J. Eggleston, the account was. passed. The Committee recommended that in accordance with the usage of the Connexion, the support of the children of the minister* be divide- among the districts in accordance with the number of member? in each district. It was unani mously agreed that the thanks of the Committee are due. and are hereby presented, to the lreasurers of the fund-the Rev. W. A. Quick am Captain Horton, of Koss-for their services durin' the past year; and that they be appoint* Treasurers of the fund for the present year The thanks of the Committee were presented to the Rev. George Hurst and Joh.q Gahlwell. Esq.. M.P.. for auditing the accounts. Two Auditors were to be named by the President as AudUow o the account for i860, resident in the city where the Conferee would next be held. The fiev. John VYatsfonl. in the absence of the Clerical Treasurer, the Kev. John Cape, read the account of the f urn for the education of ministers' children. An in teresting conversation ensued, after which, on the motion of the Rev. D. J. Draper, the balance sheet was adopted. It was resovel unanimously that the thanks of the Committee be presented to John Colton, Esq., M.P., and the Kev. John Co^e, the Treasurers', and that they be appointed to the same omce for 1SC5. The than1** of the Com mittee were also presence; to Thomas Padraan and John Ballantyr.8, Eaqg., the Auditors of the iiiiid, and they were respectfully requested to be I the Audi! 01a for the present year. The Kev. D. y.'.^P' tnen read the balance-sheet of the uiu rreacnere and Widows Fund. This account showed that the community oi Methodists deeply sympathizes with, tha claims of those who spen! their best days In the service of the Church. Tft this lund, the ministers pay X6 fe. each per annum, which, with the payment of the QuarierV meetings of the circuits, according to the number of ministers taken in tfeose ciwuits, and annul, collections raad« in, all the congregations form the capital of this ' most 'excellent fund. On the motion of the Rev. R. Mansfield, that the account now read be received and adopted, it was passed amidst much applause. William Love, Esq moved that the thanks of the Committee be pre senttd to the Hon. A. Fraser. M.LC, and the Rev. D. J. Draper, for then- invaluable services as Treasurers of this fund; and that they be reaft pointed Treasurers for 1SG5. The thanks of rt Committee were also presented to JohnAVhitnev and James Copeiand, Eiftq., tb,e Auditors, for their important services, aud {bat they be ao, pointed to act z$ 'Auditors for the preseni vear TheCommUtee^fthe C^ferencelhRjou^d until 2f o'clock p.m, On rwissembliDg, after a Kymn had been sung, prayer was offered by the W James Bwkford. the business wieresumw ' Jj&BftW; t-he R?V°h° Watsfori totfw i efecUhat the investigation of and report upon the state of the fund for the support of the Supernumeraries and Minister*1 Widows raauto by rule be postponed untiUheUcn^fjBje of is] he Rev. S. Eabone, Missionary Secretary, read the minutes of the Missionary Executive Com mittee of Eeview in Sydney for the past year. ? The expenditure had been as follows:- New Zealand Northern District), £2,1)12 19s. 7d. ; New Zealand (southern District), £1.203 5s. Sd. ; Friendly Islands District £2.227 Ills. ; Fjji District. £4,954 4s. lid. ; Samoa District £o31 iSs. 9d. The proposed ex penditure for 1SS5 was read by the Secretary, and agreed to by the Committee. Votes of thanks were then passed to the officers and benefactors of the funds, and to the Wesleyan Missionary Society n London. Various votea were agreed on for New Zealand, and the followinggrants were also made:— Fiji District, £5,098; Friendly Islands district £2,449; Samoa, £450: for missionary brig John Wesley, £2,500: general expenses, £820; returned missionaries, £689: Chinese mission in Victoria, £150; Aboriginal mission, Cooper's Creek, £50, leaving a deficit to be paid by the Hissionary Committee in London of £6,251 7s. 10d. The business of this Connexional Committee was closed with prayer. 