ST. PATKICK'S DAY. THE REGATTA "The finest harbour in the world,'' a the noble sheet of water comprised muter the designation of Port Jackson is unirersally admitted to bc, was yesterday the scene of another of those splendid aquatic spectacles fur which it has become famous. The regatta on Anniversary Day, the llnhwiin regatta on St. Andrew's Day, anil the Woolloomooloo Hay regatta on Boxing Day, have become established institutions of thc country, and this regatta on Ht. Pail Uk's Day bids fair to become as permanently esta- blished as any of those aquatic celebrations alluded to, . The cn (hi siasüe children of Hie Emerald Isle- whose luve of thc (dd cnuitiy anil of home associations is as deep and as fresh in this sunny southern land as in that old isle of thc ucean so famous nil- its venture- were accustomed, prior to 1801, to celebrate thc day devoted to their patron saint by a banquet ; but after some consideration it was thungbl desirable mi valions grounds printipnlly out ot' compliment to the natives of the colony-to have a regatta instead, and thus extend thc enjoyment oí the day to thousands of both sexes in the community. Thc Inaugural re- gatta was a (treat success ; and, altbougb'lliat ot' yesterday did not pass off without two ur three unfortunate hitches, for which thc committee were in no way responsible, it was, notwithstand- ing, n most (beided success. Thousands of both young «nd old, vii limit regan! to nationality, enjoy«! themselves most heartily, and thc promoters nf this aquatic tonnie)' must have received great eiittuuagcmciit for future exertion. The day, or at least the carly portion of it, ami np to live p.m., was delightfully linc, und. most favourable both for pulling and sailing.' During the hm neon a fresh breeze, which at one time increased' to a strong breeze, blew cool mid refreshing from the north-wrst, and this gradually died ott* in thc early part of tho afternoon. At about four o'clock, a light breeze ¿ame in from the south-east, and, seining m thc southward il gradually increased in .strength, and culminated in a heavy squall at about live o'eloek. Several casual- ties otciurcd during'thc height of thc squall, but, fortunately, without any loss of life, or other important consequence. Tlie must serious occurrence that we observed was a collision between tho biigantine Ijttle Vet, belonging to Alderman Ilnioailleld, and n «diing bout belonging to the ship Vimiera, conlaiuing the second and third otllccis, the steward, and another gentleman. Thc Little 1'ct had been standing over from the North Shore to- wal (ls Port Macquarie, and had just tacked to stand down thc bar hour, ¡md, being caught in the squall, the mci! on hoard were hastily shortening sail. The Viniicru's boat at this time was standing towards the Sydney side on thc port tack, and as thc gust of wind came down so suddenly she had no time to take in sail. All the sheets were let Hy, and thc boat having lost its way drifted bodily to leeward, in this position 6be was struck right amid- ships on the lee side, hy the Little Vet, and thc boat's masts giving way, she glanced obliquely along the side of the vessel. Seeing that a collision was inevitable, the third matu and thc other poison sprang over thc hows of the bout and swam away ; the »etomi mate could not get clear at Ural, hut eventually jumped overboard, when thc schooner went completely over him, while thc steward held on to thc boat and escaped uninjured. The three, men in the water were picked up by Messrs. Tillich and M't'rnth, who pulled to the rotate. Wc understand that the only injury done to cither vessel or boat was the loss of the boat's rtiasts. 'The principal feature in thc regatta was the St. Patrick's (¡Kind Handicap, which was quite a novelty in aquatics. Each competitor was handicapped in proportion to his known prowess, and the ascertained qualities of thc boat in which he pulled. Tho conditions of this race were that thc competitors should start in two divisions, and the first and second man in each division to pull in the liual heat. Unfortunately, there were two occurrences which militated against tho complete success of this otherwise successful experi- ment. In the Hist place Green, thc champion sculler, who was backed nt 2 to 1 to will thc first prize,, did not start in thc final heat, owing, it is said, to un impression on Ids mind that he did not gel a fair start ; and, hi the second place, the prize was taken out Of M'Cltcr's hands when within three lengths from home, and with a lend of two lengths of his rival, Donnelly, hy thc stupid bungling, or something worse, of a fellow steeling n boat with laltecn sails, belonging to tlie 1'. and O. Company's steamer Northum, right across his bows. Thc occurrence was charac- terised by the people on board the flagship ns a robbery, and nothing would please many of them more than to assist M'Clecr in recovering from tho person alluded to thc £20 of which he was by this means deprived. With regard to Oreen'» remuai to statt, tlie comments upon it by many of his friends were hy no nunns complimentary, nnd he will, unless some reasonable ' ex- planation be given, suffer in public estimation. Among the minor incidents of the day, it may be men- tioned that Mr. A. Crook, who has frequently, figured cre- ditably in races for gentlemen amateurs, started upon his own account with Green, M'Cleer, and Connor in the second division for the Grand Handicap, and to the surprise of all he kept by the side of Green throughout, and was only beaten by him at the finish by half a length,- having got away from the other two early in the race, and kept the lead of them to the end. Many persons were of opinion that he would have won the race had he entered; but he declined to enter on the. ground of probable disqualification in future races for gentlemen amateurs. Wc cannot dismiss this part of the subject without again vc- I terring to the Noithnm's boat; which was said to bc under the command of thc chief oftleerof that ship. A waterman's skiff, containing ten passengers (of whom font were ladies) put off from tho flagship, and when between the ship and Dawes I'oint, tho N'ortlmm's boat, then on a wind, cased off, nml in spite of the shouts from thc skitf nnd other taits in the vicinity, to nil appearance deliberately ran into tlie skiff-some of the passengers, seeing a collision inevitable, managed to break the force of the blow by " fending off ; " but those in tho sailing boat treated thc matter with the utmost indifference. lind tho skiff filled, the consequences might have been very serious, and so wanton did thc not appear ns to call forth ti simultaneous burst of indignation from those on bourel tho flagship, and in thc many boats cn that side of her. ltemonstraiicc with people who «muse thnnsclvcs in this manlier is vain, and it is time some measures were ndopted to punish severely outrages of this character we are now compelled to notice. Tho tine Aberdeen elippcr-ship Strathdon, Captain Til% did duty as flagship, and she answered tho purpose admirably. Tho visitors began to assemble early In the forenoon, lind by one o'clock there were several hundred persons on board, Including a very large and fair proportion of ladles. An excellent luncheon was' served in thc saloon nt ono o'clock, and after thc viands and wines had been discussed, The Chairman, Mr. W. ll. D.n.i.i v, rose to propose the Hist tonst. He said this toast was generally introduced with the observation, that thc toast was always received by a company of Englishmen with the utmost enthusiasm. He hoped thc present company would show that by Irishmen it could bc received in no other way. (Applause.) Ile proposed, " Thc Queen." The toast was drunk with all the honours. Thc CIIAIIIMA.N said, the next toast he had to propose was " The l'rinec and Princess of Wales and tho rest of thc Koyal Family." Next to that toast which preceded this one, this stood next in order of time nnd importance. Scarcely anythuig could bc more im portant than the intellectual, moral, and physical prosperity of that Prince who, in all human probability, would in a tow years ride over Great Diilain and its dependencies. Let them hope that he would govern "England as constitutionally as his Hoyal Mother. (Cheers.) Iteceived with the utmost enthusiasm. ' Tho CiiAUtMAS said he had now to propose tho health of one with whoso proper conduct in tho very high position ho occupied they were all deeply interested- he meant his Excellency tho Governor. (Applause.) Every.- party in this country ndiidttcd that they had been exceedingly ' fortunato loi having ns thc Governor n gentleman of such discrimination ¡md impartiality as his Excellency. (Cheers.) Ho proposed-" His Excellency the Governor." Tlie toast was received with much applause. Tho CHAJHMA-S jiow rose to submit to thc company tho toast of tHo doy-" The day we eelcbrato." (Loud cheers.) In almost every part of the world where the. chtvalry.tuid energy of Irishnton were.known, St. Patrick's Day wns set. apart as tho national festival of Ireland., It recalled to overy, man .recollections of that country more deeply omi generously- loved. than .any. other under ? heaven. . (Cheers,) It claimed tho sympathy and respocUof all who were aware of thc groot and valuable «erviocs rendered to thc civilisation of the world by Irisluiuin,. .{Hear.l.Jf they wait back through two or three centuries, of timo they-would, sec ii country very .unlike thc Ireland of to-day-Ireland when she was. thc iiüstrossjind thc,, teacher of civillsahoii, of Intellectual cul- ture, and religion.. (Qiccrs^T.InT order to celebrate tho day with nil due rcsncct, it hod been made a, public, holiday. Howtis an immense believer In public holidavs.-und tliorcforo he thought a great advancement had been made in haying it-proolainiod ji publtc holiday.- lie thonght thc best -thanks-of-tho community . -wore duo to the committee far their exertions. Ile had muon pleasure in proposing ", The day wc celebrate." Drunk with Immense enthusiasm. .. . :: Slr» BAnroN.retumed thanks, and, hi doing so, said lio'rcfrrcttcil that he wns not nu Irishman, but lie could fully sjinpathiie tritt Mr. Dalley in his aitakation of.thaclocfuenccof Ireland's orator* tho.patriütisin of her statesmen, the greatness of her lawgivers and thc siifl'eriugs.of lier martyrs. (Cheers.) ,-".-' -' ', Mr. CAKUOI.!. proposed,-with appropriate remarks, " Thc lam wc live In." . . Iteceived with all the honours. ' .'? .' Mr.dosfcFii, M,I.¡A., returned (bank*. . Tho ViCH-CiiAiiiMAK, Mr. Alderman Broomfield, proposed "'Jlie Indies." Mr. H.tr.rov rcltltncd (IiankH. However much thc native* of ll.'is colony ir.ay differ from the Irish on some subjects, they were aureed upon one j oint-their unbounded admiration of thc ladies, ((.beers, and laughter.) Thc VKK-CIIAUIMAN proposed.the health of Captain Pile. Bccchcd with cheers. Captain 1'II.K returned thanks. 'J'lie CiiAiiiMAN proposed the committee and officers of the regatta, coupling Tilth them thc name of Mr. J. P. Lamb, who had actid very 'efficiently as umpire. (Applause.) Mr. I.At'.n returned thanks. The Vici.-CiiAiimiAN proposed the health of thc Chairman; which Mr. Dalley suitably acknowledged. The Gel man Hand played appropriate airs on the reception of the various toasts ; ¡md ¿luring thc remainder of thc day played a selection of music suited to thc occasion, dancing being kept np with much spirit. With this much, hy way of preliminary, we append a detailed ac ( cunt of the racing. First Hare.-All pulling dingies under canvas, not exceeding 15 feet overall. Course, fruin moorings in Sydney Cove round the boat off (¡oat Island, then round Kort Denison, hack round boat oil'(¡ont Island nnd in to flagship. First prize, £7 ; second prize, £2. Entrance, IDs. Lightfoot-Magenta-W. Birkenshaw . ... .1 Wim Jim-White, with green cross-W.Paul ... ... 2 Slippery Charley-Heel, with white hall-S. Drennan . ... 3 Florence-Heel and green-lt. B. Beeves. Teaser-Hine-J. Phelps. Jerry Blossom-Bcd-T. Iteddan. lioval Oak-Hine and white-W. and II. Stewart. Maritana-Hine, mid white diagonal-1". Harpur. Lisette-Dark blue-f. Coar. The boats gol away upon tolerably equal terms, Slim Jim, Lightfoot (lute Betsy litigar), and Slippery Charley being thc first to show prominent in the race. By the tune thc boat off Goat Island was reached hy the leading boat, having lo beat up against ti strong breeze, thc ' various competitors had pretty well settled down into their places; and when they ran past tho flagship on their wav lu Port Denison their positions were as follows :-Slim Jim first', Lightfoot second, Slippery Charley third, Lisette fourth, Maritana fifth, with the remainder II long way astern. The order in which the Ilrst three passed the ship was niuiiitahicd by them to tito island, but no sooner had they rounded this point, and hauled their wind, than Lightfoot began to overhaul Slim Jim. Thc race for first place was hut of short duration, for on passing thc ship for Hie third time, Lightfoot had a strong lead, with Slim .lim second, and Slippery Charley third. No further alteration in the positions of these tliree took"placo during thc race, Lightfoot coming in liist by'some thirty or furty lengths. Second Hace-All amateurs, in wager boats. Course, from flagship round boat ott' Goat Island, round a boat moored in l'ann Cove, and back to flagship. First prize, £H. Entrance, .Cl. Stranger-White, wi ll green sash-J. Galbraith ... ... 1 Pelter-White-J. Connor. Sonic difficulty was experienced in getting the two to start toge- ther, Galbraith being apparently determined to have tho lead. At length thc flag fell, and Galbraith rushed o ff with thc load, but Connor appeared to he under thc impression that it was a false slart, ¡niel hence it was not till his rival had pulled two or three strokes that he started. The latter pulled a game stem race tor about half the course, and then gave up, leaving (¡all raith to pull over the remaining portion of tile course to claim tlie inoiicy. Third Race.-FirstDivision St. Patrick's Grand Handicap, ei).T to nil comers lu light skin's, to lie handicapped by weight. Course, from the red buoy off Fort Macquarie, round boat at Goat Island, and back to flagship. First prize, £30 ; second prize, £10. Stnr of Australia-white, with green sash-J. Donnelly ... 1 Athlete-Pink nnd white-.1. Hooker ... ...' ... 2 Sturt-Pink, with blue sash-T. Ellis Elvira-White, with red sash-H. Yeend. 'J he rate from the red buoy to thc Point was extremely good, ibo four (lulling stroke one! stroke with each other. Yeend and Hooker hugged the land a little too closely, and hence suft'ered some delay from the nuiin'rous boats in their course. As the lour pulle el away from the Point towards Goat Island, Donnolly ?nus,lending, with Ellis second, Booker third, and Yeend last. Thc only change that took place after tttis was that Booker ele foale d lillis (who appeare d to he a mere boy, and pulled remark- ably well for his weight and ugo) for third place, »nd hence, with Donnelly, was entitled to pull in the flnuUieat. Fourth linee.-AU skill's under canvas classed ns waterman's skiffs, namely, 22 feet overall, 5 feet beam, 20 inches deep ; arti- ficial aids excluded. Course, from moorings in Sydney Cove, ? «nul bout off (¡oat Island, then round Shark Island, hack round boat ott' Goat Island, and in to flagship. First prize, £1(1 ; second prize. .Ki. Entrance £1. Di.rt-Dink blue-J. Bichareis ... ... ... ... 1 Fidiv-White-W. Guppv ... ... ... ... ... 2 llcbcccu-Pink-J. Morton. Thc Dart (i cmai kably well sailed by P. Murray) had this race all to herself, neither of the other» having thc ghost of a chance with ber. Fifth Race.-Second division of St. Patrick's Grand Handicap, Course same as No. 3. Surprise-White, with blue sash- R. Green... ... ... 1 Athlete-Pink-.J. M'Cleer... ... ... ... .. 2 Pelter-White, with green sash- J. Connor. A good start was effected for this event, and it was soon evident that the Champion would have it all his own way. At the Point be had a lead of several boats length, and to all appearances might have increased it at pleasure. Up to this point M'Cleer and Connor were together, the former having a slight advantage. Green was Firstl round the boat off Goat Island, M'Cleer second, and Connor third, and in this order they pulled home, Green allowing M'Cleer to come in a very good second. Sixth Knee.-Al! ballast boats. Course, from moorings in Kiiim Cove, round boat off Goat Island, then round Lightship and Sow and Pigs, back round flagship, thence rouuei Clark Island and bael; to flagship. Finit prize, £15 ; second, £3. l-.iitrunco, .£2. Colleen BUMn- Heel-Buckle and Greenfield ... ... 1 Entliist-Green-J. Blue ... ... .... ... ... 2 (liphnn Boy-Hed, with white cross-J. Brakewell ... ... 3 Orphan (¡iii-Heel and white-W. Bradshaw Lt verctt-Blue-G. Bevins Colleen llawn wus the favourite for this race, and she fully justified thc confidence placed in her. When the sturt tool; pince ttic breeze was very strong, ¡ind just suited to these heavy boals. Colleen Biron cut thc work from the start, and turned up thc Harbour in linc style, followed hy Earnest, Orphan Boy, and Orphan Girl. In this order they passed the Ilrst point, und tho ship also, with thc -exception that Orphan Girl had deprived Orphan Boy of third place. Colleen Bawn maintained her pride of place tu tho finish. Earnest, in thc change' of wind to thc southward, lost second plate, hut recovered it again before the race had ter- minate il; Orphan Boy having tu bc content with thc empty honour or third place. Leveret gave up early in thc race. . Seventh ltaec- Champion Pair Oar Knee iii light skill's. Course, fiom flagship round Fort Denison, round boat at Goal Island, anil hack to flagship. Prize, £15. Entrance, £1. Star of Australia-White, with green sash-J. Connor and J. Donnelly ... ... ... ... ... ... 1 Surprise-White, with blue sash-llichard Green and T.Ellis 2 (¡reen ¡md Ellis went away willi thc lead, and kept it till after rounding Kort Donison. They were then caught, mid, in sporting phrase, immediately " shut up," leaving Connor and Donnelly to pulMiomc und claim the money. 'Eighth Buce.-Open bouts not exceeding 22 feet overall, under canvas. Course, same as No. i. First prize, £12; second, ¡GS. Entrance, £1. Boyal Oak-White, with rod cross-W. Creed ... ... 1 Sibyl-White, w ith blue and red cross-G. nnd II. Yeomans... 2 leilira-Blue and white diagonal-W. and J. Watts ... ... 3 Marv .lane-Heel-lt. ltlchardson Eclat-B!itc-J. Marland Thought-Blue nnd whito-J. ll. Smart This- was a very pretty race from start to finish. Various alterations took place in their relative positions during the race, ¡ind eventually they omuc in as indicated above, there being, a very slight difference between them. Ninth Hace.-Open boals, with tins or-centro boards, not exceeding 22 feet overall, under canvas. Course, same ns No 4, First prize, £10 ; second, £2. Entrance, £1. Dart-Dark blue-J. Richards ... ... ... ... I Malian-lied, white, iind hlue-V. H. llobberds ... ... 2 Peri-White, with green-J. Phelps ... ... ... 3 Julia-Blue, with white star-lt. Driver. Thc ninth and tenth races were started together, and went thc same course. The Dart not only secured (list place for herself in the ninth race, but, she beat the whole of the large boats in the eighth nice. Tenth Huco.-Double scull nice, opeu to all comers hi light skiff's. Course, same ¡is No. 7. First prize, £10; second, £2. Entrance £1 Athlete-Pink-,1. M'Clecr and J. Booker ... ... ... 1 Star ol' Australia-White, with green sash-J. Connor and J. Donnelly ... ... ... ... ... ... 2 This was a good race throughout, tcmiinnttiig in favour of M'Clecr and Booker hy three or lour lengths. Eleventh Hace.-Youths under 16 years of age, pulling pair of sculls in Dingies. Course, from flagship, round boat at Goat Island, and in to tiie flagship. First prize, £5 ; second, £2. En tn.nce, los. . ' \ Urania-White-H. Stephenson ... ... ... ... 1 Ahum-Hine and white-H. Murray ... ... ... 2 Hebe-'White and pink-E.M'CIcer... Bini-White, with blue cap-1\ Hays. Spy-Pink-J. Muck. Stephenson pulled right away from tho others for first place, and Mm liiy did the sante for second place, the remainder being no- where. Twelfth Hate-A Pair Oar ltace in light skiff's, for nil persons engaged in oHlceSj incrciuitllR establishments, &c;, who have never won ti public prize. Course, same as No. 2. First prize, ¿S ; second, £2. Entra!ice£l. Elvira-White and white caps-J. Clark and J. Hobson ... 1 Favorita-White and red caps-M. Patrick and W.N. Brown... 2 Sur (irise-Blue and w hite caps-W. B. and J. S. Stephenson. This race wns u 'gift for Clink imd nobson, ns thev were never asked to late. The Stephensons gave up after goliig about half the distant e. Thirteenth Hace-Final Heat of St. Patrick's Grand Handicap. Coinse, same tis Nu. 3. Stnrof Australia-.1. Donnelly ... ... .. 1 Athlete-J. M'CIcer ..." ... ... . ... ... 2 Pelter-J. Booker. Surprise-lt. Green. Thc boats did not draw up at thc starting-point for nearly one hour aller thc time fixed for the start. Three of thc men got away upon the fall of tho flag, but Green refused to go, on thc ground, (wc are infoinicel) that he waa started badly. Subso liuently, however, ho pulled over thc course. M'Clecr went to thc front,Tollowcd first by Donnelly, and then by Booker; and In this order tho boats continued until within three boats' lengths of thc ship, when the first ofticcr of tho steamer Northam laid his boat right across M'Clccr's boat, and thus effectually prevented him from winning- the prize. . Fourteenth Hace.-Gig und Dingy Hace; Prize, £3. ' Entrance, 2s. (ld. ..'.... Gig-AVill if I can-Dark blue-J. Richards ... ." 1 Dingy-Hvlic--White- C. Stephenson Tho .boy kept well out of the way for more than half his time, but taking open wider for it ho was caught by thc bowman of tilt pg, who jumped overboard after him. This brought thc sports to u termination; and tho people on board and those on shore gradually wended their wav home- wards. ? . ? . 1 I 