THE KEW DUTIES. Thé followingÏB from the ArgvMof Monday: A well-informed corresponnent, writing on- tb ?object of the proposed new tariff; expresses him ?elf as follows:-"The duties are .placed on item that will especially affect the bulk of the popnlatfoi -working men, miners, -and heads of families, b small or limiteiTmeans. A very cursory examina' tion will show that tbejmposts wUl be beyond mea sure oppressive on them-much more so, indeed than any other system of taxation can possibly be to say nothing ot their eflect'in'altogether closing t< ns the markets of the neighboring colonies, as wei as the trade of the highly important districts-nortl oí tue Murray (Riverina) and west of the Glenelg Monnt Gambier, Penola. 'L&d;^':, There can be a« question but that tbey will settle the border cnstómi dispute quickly. Already arrangements have beer made witb Sydney and Adelaide merchants for most of the goods which Melbourne has hitherto supplied to these districts, and that trade may be considered as lost to this port. On drapery and clothing foi the masses, four shillings on every pound may bi taken as a fair estimate for the extra price that will have to be paid, if the duties should be imposed The calculations have been carefully made, and are not over- estimated, even for the present and late state of the market, which has been notoriously overstocked for years. What the additional increase may be, when shipments are diminished, as they will be immensely, it is needless now to speculate upon. Now for particulars. A pair of blankets which have liitherto been eold for 9s must hereafter (if this tariff be passed) be Ils 6d; a pair at 17s will be 21s; flannels, which have been sold at 18d and 21d, will be 21d and 2s. Cheap druggets, car pets, and the like, 3d extra on each ls; all women's dress materials, such as winceys, Coburgs, plaids, chalis, mohairs, poplins, 2d a yard more ; petticoat winceys, 2d to 3d more ; underclothing, crinolines, and the like, 3s to 4s in the £1 extra; stockings, Bocks, ¿Vc, 2d in the ls extra; children's and women's straw hats, 6d on ls; infants' and children's fancy hats, &c;, Sd or 9d extra on the ls. Bonnet and cap fronts and dress caps at least double, or 4s where 2s was paid formerly; shawls, mantles (not silk), 3s or 4s in tbe £1 extra. As for such luxuries as silks, ribbons, silk mantles, and tbe like, the people may as well at once make up their minds to do without them, as the extra outlay on absolute necessaries will effectually preclude them from indulging in such vanities. Men's clothing will be affected much in tbe same way. Low-priced trousers, such as mole skins, tweeds, cords, &c;, will be np ls 6d to 2s a pair. Undershirts, drawers, sticks, &c;¡ 3s to 4s extra in the £1. Heavy coats, outside shirts, and the like, the same rate; 3a to 5s each extra on the prevalent style of felt bats. It is useless to go further with examples; and I believe actual experience only will convince half tbe people of the colony of the truth of the foregoing statements." Another correspondent says : - "I calculate that the new tariff will impose a duty on watertight boots, and similar heavy goods, of ls per pair ; on wellington boots, 10£d ; on women's boots, 4 Jd, and on girls'and boys' boots, 3d; on common lots, 2s 7d each." A third writes as follows : "Two pairs of men's thigh boots can be packed into a space of one cubic foot, and the duty on them will therefore be 2s per pair. The amount which would fall on fall on the soft goods trade per annum would be £300,000, calculating the duty at 15s per cent, all round. The duties on crockery, glass, boots and shoes, are even more oppressive than those on soft goods, and will cause endless discomforts to every household in the colony ; the poorer the family, the greater the tax." This last communication corrects an error-which must hare been obvious to all-in the loading article of the Argus on Saturday, on this subject, in which the figure "8'' was substi tuted for " 3" in a statement of the effects of the tax on the soft goods trade. TEE COMET.-Un Thursday evening a good deal of interest was created in Ballarat, by the site, for a few minutes before nine o'clock, of a comet with a bright nucleus and a long straight tail. It was dis covered in the south- west, but soon disappeared be low the horizon, or was obscured by a heavy bank of cloud. The first notice of the comet's advent was in the pages of Thursday's Bendigo Advertiser in the form of a letter to the editor, and if we recollect aright, our Sandhurst contemporary had similar priority of intimation, when last we had a simi lar visitor, from which we conclude that it has the valuable assistance of an ama teur astronomical reporter. In Friday's Mel bourne journals Kr Ellery, Government astrono mer, writes as follows: - "A large comet was observed in tbe south-west horizon this evening, during a break in the clouds, about 8.30. I received information from Mr Mapleston, the manager of the eleerie telegraph station at Tarnagulla, this morning that he observed a comet last night, which induced ns to look for it. Xi is so bright, however, that it was seen immediately the clouds cleared away a little. Mr White, the assistant-astronomer, has just determined its approximate position, which is:_ 19th January, 8.40 p.na, right ascension, 20h. 38m.; declension, 35 deg. 2min. S So tbst if it does not change its place very rapidly, it will set in the south west at 8.55 in the evening." From this it would appear tbat the visitor is not one known to tbe scientific world, or whose appearance was expected. EXTRAOKDINAEV SCENE-PREFABING FOR DEATH. -On Tuesday morning last, at an early hoar, a cere mony cf a very peculiar character occurred at the West Bromwich Cemetery. At about six o'clock, Mr George Wilks, an octogenarian politicise, who bad been taking a leading part in affairs of a local tature for many yeare, accompanied by a few private friends, assembled for the purpose of laying the first stone of the grave intended for the reception of his remains "when he bas shuffled off this mortal coil." Tbe early hour at which the ceremony' took place prevented any assembtageof theinquieitive, which Mr Wilks' notoriety would have been eure to have pro duced, especially as, after a spirited contest, be has again been returned a member of the board of guar dian?. Mr T. P. Brough, a fellow guardian, and tbe Fidos Achates of the expectant deceased, was selected to perform the ceremony, and was presented with an elaborate silver trowel, which had been expressly manufactured for the occasion by Mr T. Brough, j no, of Howard street, Birmingham. Mr Brough, having received the trowel, after the usual formali ties bad been performed, read tbe following address in a very impressive manner:-" In tbe name of the ratepayers of West Bromwich, I do hereby lay the first brick of the tomb of our dearly beloved and esteemed patriot, George Wilks, and we beseech Thee, O Lord, that the little time be has to live in this world he may live in the fear and love of God, so that in his last moments he may be able to say, ' All is well, all is weli,' and may his noble spirit ascend to that place where all is love and harmony_ Heaven-and be able to exclaim, « All is well.' O Lord, we beseech Thee to fill this tomb with the love of the Holy Ghost. After the ceremony had con clnded, those in attendance received tbe sacrament. -Birmingham Oatelte. 