GENERAL SEWS ABeochworth jn.-nal rprirPB the qUPftinn which one wouMim,uine hart lonB been doci.lpl us to the distend? of a monslrouB nnijihibinus animal, known to the aboriginal tribes of Aus tralia us the bunyip. It savs :— ' There is scarcely a doubt of the existence of the animnl sn mysteriously known to the natives as a bun vip, and ns the following facts are perfectly authentic, we mav RAfelv nrnnnnnop it +n k« ~r the seal tribe. As we have fresh water turtles, and fresh water mussels, there is no reason why we should not have fresh water seals, and we quite believe tliev exist— althouch evidently Tery scarce— in the Murray, its lagoons, and tributaries. S^me time since the old French fisherman who brings fish 'into Bcochworth from near Peechelba, reported to a professional man in thiB town that he had caught a strange animal in his net the size of a large dog. He naid he had tied it with a rope let it swim about in the wnterliole, and given it dead fish which it ate. The gentleman offered him £5 to bring it into Beuchwortb, but when he relumed home it had Hipped the noose His description of the animal tallied, as nearly as he could describe it, with that of a seal. But a further confirmation of the existence of such an aDimal is, that several of tlie inhabitants of the shores rf Lake Moodemere— an immense ex panse of water, with large reed heis— linve not merely heard an animnl nn the inlands, lowing at night like a culf, but have teen exactly what resembled a seal, frequently on Oie main shore in the very early morning. Our informant says that the veracity of one gentleman especially, who has seen it more than once, is above all suspicion, and having seen seals at home, says it is a seal. At the slightest noise or motion it glides into the water and disnppears. The ani mal is evidently a nocturnal one, and hence the dread and uncertain accounts of the blacks, as well as our own doubts as to its existence. It will be remembered too that Captnin Cailell re ported having seen a large specimen on the Gnulburn, some years ago, but it sank on his attempting to approach it. The information comes to us thiB time in really so complete a form that we can scarcely hesitate to believe that the animal called the bunyip exists lifter all, although the specimen caught, as well as that seen, must clearly only be calves. The older and larger ones would no doubt be more wary.' The Portland Chronicle gives this news of the last batch of Nicol Bay settlers:— 'By the schooner Nile, just arrived at Melbourne from Swan River, intelligence has been received of the party who recently left this port in the Maria Rons with sheep, horses, and cattle, for Hico'. Bay, with a view to settlement on the nortli-west coast. The correspondence ad dressed by John Beiravnis to his father, Sir. H. Beauruis, is dated 25th March, and Btatcs that the passage had been, on the whole, a favourable one. They had been visited by Storm twice. On One of which nrnlainnn tho vessel was hove to for three day*. The sheep had borne the passage well, three only having died ; but the horses had suflered to sonic ex tent. The party were all going on comfortably; they were in sight of .land, and expected to be at the end of their voyage and on shore in the course ol' ten days. The consumption of water for the sheep was 400 gallons daily.' The appearance of a veritable ghost, in the shape of a headless trooper, on a grey cob, is thus recorded in the Biverine Herald. .-— ' We have out many recorded instances of superna tural visitations in the shape of ghosts in Aus tralia. Some, however, nave .been .spoken of. Dr. Lang, in his history of ' New South Wales, mentions one,, through the instrumentality of which a foul murder was discovered, but that occurrence took place many ^ears Sago, and has well nigh passpd away from the. memory of the oldest inhabitant.'' MoSt'ppnple'bare heard of that baunted spot, the Black Swamp, between DepUiquin and Lthe Jlurr umbidgee, round which, it is said, at the dead hour of night, a headless trooper rides a 'grey cob at fall speed. We were assured the other day that a party of three men camped there lately for the night were; nearly scared out of their senses by the appear ance in tlie full moonlight -of this midnight visitant Oar informant was positive that tlie occurrence had taken ' place, and we believe he was sincere in his belief as to the appearance of the apparition. It does not take, much to im pose on tlie senses of a certain class of bush - me.n, vr'ao are quite as superstitious aa their seagoing bretlmn.' . . . The morals, habits, and style of Geelong public men, formed the subject mutter of an action at nisi.prius, brought in the Geelong Cir cuit Court yesterday. The plaintiB was James Oddy, a town councillor, and the defendant, William Nelson M'Cann, MX. A, for South Grant. In July last, both were engaged in an exciting municipal election, being rival condi-' dates for the representation of Thomson Wanl and eventually Mr. Oddy won the day. At the same time, however, letters bitterly worded appeared in profusion in the local prints. One of these, signed 'H. Hurt,' and published in the Geelong Advertiser, accused Mr. M'Cann of being the ' servile tool and toady' of a ' cor poration clique of tiddly-winkers '— whatever that may mean— and alluded to, Mr. Oddy as an ' intelligent and upright tradesman.' This waa too much for Mr..M'Cann, who, in epite of Mr. Oddy's denial of having written the letter' and assurance that it was only an ' electioneer ing squib,' was so indignant at an insult from such a source, that he took the opportunity at the public Domination to accuse his opponent of having been, Id 1857, paid secretary to an Oddfellow*' lodge, in Getlarig, ap'd suspended because there waa' a deficiency of £93 in bis accounts, which- was never ' -explained. The fact, be pointed out, was the piore patent as he audited the 'accounts. The present proceedings were at once commenced, but allowed to remain over for nearly a year till yesterday. The trial lasted aU day, and ended in a verdict for the plaintiff, damages oae farthing. The court wa» crowded all day. The Adelaide Telegraph, in an article on the proposed renewal- of the search for Leiehhardt, reasons thus in support of itj—'.'Apart.from the chances pftina*ingany.of these: men alive, we think that the search should ' be prosecuted, in obedience to the general principle that.no re cocnisotl exploring ittrlv should we permitted to principle has been generaUyvblyed Dy'BDglish men, and certainly lieichhardt ought not to be exceutijonably ' neglected. Apart from .motive* of humanity, and merely as _«n encouragement to outer exiuuxenywie jinuu*p*c uuutuu »»'j» betihBefvedr (WJ!eri'Hre*r;ldrer Bettroafupim hislierUpu Vorki it ?abirald ,be his (bomfortjto feel assured that if lost or' captured his fellow men will never .cease to strive to rescue him .till they have ascertained bis fete-that, though he may remain among savages ten or twenty yeart, heiiaybeiure ho is not forgotten; and that he need not abandon the hope or release j and that even ii he dies, his last Testing' place will be sought out, his memory duly honoured, and his friends relieved from the long-Buffering of sus pense.' In a day or two will be published the Vic torian Qazatetr, containing, as the title implies, an alphabetical list of all places and localities in tne colony, ine wont ai» -»»»i»™ . ??'= compiler several months, and a vast amount of labour has been expended in eliciting the varied amount ol information contained in the book. Some idea of the elaborate character of the book may be gathered from the announcement that it contains upwards of thirty thousand names of towns, villages, hamlets, mountains, rivere, ^aatW stations, &c;, which aregiven with at muchinlonnation respectingthemas tho extent of the nnototakiug wooldTnatent. The bulk of tbisinfonnatiosi is quite new, and the greatest csro has been taken to furniab accurate information, and whenever tha occasion ^war ranted a diriri Bketch iaa been pra» of the rise and pronea of plaosf of interest and un partMice.' Tho moans »f access to dtBereut parts of the colony mentioned m tho Gazeteer whether by land or by water, coach or rail, are also carefully given, and the distances duly marked with letter press finger posta, that who ever journeys from one put of the colony to another need bnt consult the pages of the Qa Tetter for his boat and- nesrert route. in« book is an octavo of 400 OTPV'14. 'J^f handsomely got up, esjeebfly in the -topo. graphical 'department The »n*J*«**« wa. at first pnrely » .pecu »ti« one, bat Mj the work nroirre«§ed the publisher! (Meters. Bail He^andCoTrf Coilim. street), experienced « much endouragemeEt and support ai » leaveno doubt of iu proving highly remunerative. Tta work, it is anticipated, will also have ? ^conai- derablesalein England, itherette e*p*P-J self of the resources nt the disposal cf the Go vernment for much of his labours, and which the Government freeiy afforded him. Accom panying the book is a very lianJsome map or the colony, embracing every place of interest named in the Gazetteer, and compiled from the latest map in the possession of the Government. — Geelong Advertiser. Thursday next hps been appointed by thn Ex ecutive as the day for carrying into execution the sentence of death msswl upon Josqilj Brown for the murder at the Whittington Tavern. The warrant was forwarded yesterday evening to the governor of the gaol, and the decision of tho Government waa made known to Brown, who received the intelligence with that firmneBi which he has displayed throughout the whole affair. In fact, from the beppnninp, be made up his mind for the worst. Since his condem nation he has been vitited by several of his old associates, with whom he converses freely. We take the following from the Talbot Leader :— Mr. F. Miller, formerly of Majorca, and now of Okitiki, New Zealand, where lie arrived on the 6th ot this month, writes as fol lows of that new gold-producing district : — 'This is the most extraordinary place ever ci vilised man put hia foot on. An almost impe netrable ecrub, euch as no Kuropean can ima gine. The cost of conveying provisions from the water to tho diggings, a distance of twenty miles, is 30s a cwt. Hundreds «f men are starving. Myself and coadjutors, to the number of live, intend prospecting for a new field, as the old one is used up, and for that purpose we are now constructing a boat to take us high u]- the river. On Monday we shall finish our boat, and then we start on our prospecting tour. Iu the event of our striking anything payable, we shall at once return and convey provisions to the new Eldorado. I have a very high opinion of the country for gold, but the scrub is abomi nable. I hear on good authority that new gul lies are daily being opened in the interior, out to find their whereabouts is almost impossible, owing to the density of the scrub. I don't know what will become of the thousands of men who are here, and many of whum are now starving. I strongly suspect the end will be a general rush to the stores. Hundreds have come here with very little money. If any of your friends want to come, tell them not to mit less than £50 in their pockets, as owing to the scrub and the ground being taken up, prospect ing is the only chance. 1 have come across Beveral parties who are making three or four ounces each a day, but this success is by no means general. Business people; that is store keepers, are making a fine thing of it, and iron mongery is realising fabuloua prices. Tho country is very healthy— much healthier, I am sure, than Victoria. Bread is 2s Cd a loaf, meat Is 9d per pound. The township is iuilt near the edge of the Okitiki Kiver, and I believe owing to the severe weather that at certain pe riods of the year prevails, every house will be knocked into smithereens when the winter sets in. The town is large, but jb built like all rush townships, and therefore will etanrt but a poor chance when the wind gets up.' Death of John Bland, Esq., J.P.— Our obituary this day announces the demise of Mr. John Bland, a gentleman, long and familiarly known to the residents. of Belfast, Mr. Bland arrived in Belfast some fifteen years ago, and for some three or frur years held a position of trust in the extensive establishment of Butledgo & Co., which hejeft in order to coinineucp busi ness in partnership with his' brother-in-law, Mr. John Cowtan. The. unexampled prosperity of the district at the time opened a profitable field for commercial enti-rpriee, and in a few years the firm of Cowtan and Bland stood only second in commercial importance in [bis district to that of Rutledge & Co. The sudden reaction in agricultural prospects vhich succeeded the pros perous years of 'S3, '54, and '£5, combined with the insane speculations of the small farmers, brought about a severe crisis, and the succession for some years of bad crops and low prices, reduced this class to general bankruptcy. The losses of the firm were consequently very great, and in 1861 they succumbed to the consequent pressure on their resources. Although enabled to continue in trade fora few years subsequently, the firm never recovered their former position, and ultimately relinquished business in 1663. Since that time Mr. Bland devoted himself to the business of Commission Agent, but for the past two years, his health has been rapidly giving way, and on Monday morning he expired after a 'few days1 illness. While he enjoyed' health and prosperity, Mr. Bland devoted him self to allpublic taeasures caloulated to advance the weal of the district, and in no charitable cause, was his assistance sought in vain. He was fur many years connected with the Belfast Road Board, aud Municipal Council, and twice chosen to occupy the position of Mayor of the town. He was a man of considerable ability, and literary attainment*, and it is no exagger ation to say that no man placed bis services more unselfishly at the diispoBal of his fellow citizens. He was a widower and leaves three daughters, the eldest of whom is but twelve years ot age. a.e aiea in tnc Diet year of- his age. —Banner. Application was made to Mr. Justice Moles worth, yesterday, iu the equity court, for pro bate of the following will, which is, no doubt, a favourable sample of many such documents that would make their appearance were every man his own lawyer : — ' rhat I, the undersigned, do hereby bequeath and will all that piece or parcel of land, situate on Sutherland Creek, parish of Darrivill, connty of ? , to my three brothers, namely, Daniel, Patrick and William Dulehanty ; and whatever goods and chattels belonging to my property, namely cattle and corn, and all appendages included ; and I also bind and confirm the above-named three bru there. Patrick. Daniel, and William, to defray all expenses ,on the said estate, after my death by paying interment expenses. I, 'John. Dule hanty, do hereby acknowledge to pay my bro ther, Michael Dulehanty, the sum of twenty-six pounds ten shillings ; and I also request my brother, Patrick, to pay brother Daniel the sum of three pounds out of his claim on the estate. I require my three brother*, namely, Daniel, Pa trick and William- to pay to the credit of my mother the sum of twenty pounds at the date of her interment, if required; out of the above mentioned estate ; and I, John Dulehanty, do appoint and request my two disinterested bro thers, as sole trustees of my estate, namely, Mi chael Dulehanty and John Hayes. Signed his mark X John Dulehanty. Witnesses present— C. Sweeney, Timothy Boh&n.;' We regret to leam from the Federal Standard that in consequence . of the long- continued drought, and the scarcity of grass and water, many of the squatters in 'the Billabong district will 'have to destroy their May lambs, the dams having no milk for them. We have heard (says onr Border contemporary) of one instance where *1.a « ol.nniifai. n¥ +.!»« mnnAfftifa ' .ll&d; COfn. menced. Many of the squatters are endeavour ing to avert the calamity by removing their flockR to. more favoured localities during the Jnmbing season. The Sydney Herald .publishes the following account of the eticking-up of the Warialda and Tamworth mail ; the narative is extracted from a letter addressed to a gentleman in Sydney, and is dated Tamwortli, Thunday morning :— 'I was travelling in the buggy yesterday morning, Mrs. ? and family being with me; we were juat abreast haii way, between Manila and Naomi Bivfri, when three horse men, armed with three revolvers each, galloped out of the bush and baited op tlie Warialda and Tamworth mailman, who was about 200 yards a head of us. One of the. bushrangers look the man and bis mail bags into a gully, and the other two— one a boy about 17 years of age came up to us in tbe boggy, having: revolvers in their banda, but did not present them. The captain, no doubt, Ward, alias Thunderbolt said, 'I must trouble you, air, to bail up,' and then turning to Mrs. — — , * Dou't be fright ened, rearm, I never insult ladies, cor allow any ons that is with me to do so.' He then asked me if I had any money. I told him I never carried any how-adays. He said,,1 You gentlemen never do carry any. with ytm now. I wish you did.' He remarked that my watch seemed to be a good one, but I objected to hand it to him, and he aid not attempt to take it. The bushranger compelled u» to drive off the road until tbe' mail baga were searched, but promised not to detain ui long. He galloped to where hia males were, and kept . guard over tbe mailman while the other two opened the letters. When that waa accomplished, he e»ld, 'Now you may drire on, Mr. ? — .* I atked them if they bad opened the letters for England, and he said they hod opened every thing. Had I been by myself, armed with a rine° I could have managed them nicely, for 1 saw what they were long before they came up, and they only had revolver* ; but such an opportunity as I bad U rarely afforded to armed men. I luu! no rruiB -nf 'w '? nil, s n 1 i1 is very likely 'In- iiu«i.r.i..j. .= !;..?«? ii. T'im-nrth is in a pre: t '?! mmot'' rilnmt ihennil rul-Wr.'1 Tli' niniu'i! |m:-iiic given by tlie ??rin-vM-tn'rs'! t!u-.4r7H*n-'u-spaiKTtnnk ]?!?.-?«? '??! Sr.t-.m'av. . A special train conveying all cnp;.i;:-M on tile At'jVx and Aiislrnttfv, fr^m Iho proprietors and editors downwards, started from the terminus of the Mc-lbniirno railway about -.|rvrn r,'cl.-clr. and lauded it* fn'icht wifely r.t Brij.btn:i. Thu rni]ilnycra .and their ivivos aii'l families, amnrnt inp, all told, to something like five hundred so'nls, were invited. On arrival at Brighton, ever}' preparation vrim made to cause the affair to paes ok satisfactorily. The day was gl-iri- usly fine, and all the usnnl oi fresco sport were indulged in to the great deloctation of every one. It may be interesting to mention that tln-rc are employed on the Argus establishment 1T0 men and boya. For some time past the church of Sant' Ambrozio, in Milan, has been under repairs. To strengthen, and in particular the heavy pillars of the atrium, a new line of under ground walls had to be raised all round tLc building. This work has just brought to light a most interesting fragment of anti quity — one piece of the antique stone on which the last will of Pliny in favour of the Milanese stood engraved. This relic contains the following words : — ' C. Pli nius F. L. Ccecilius . . . T. F. I. Thcr. . . . . (testamento fieri jussit Thcrmes).' Tlie Cardinal Frederic Borromeo had tried to find that testamentary stone, but it was labour lost, aud it is uovr conjectured that the principal fragment of it was made use of in the construction of the tomb of King Lotario, who died in 950. Pliny's last will left legacies also for the expenses of an annual feast to be given to the citizens, and for the erection of two colleges for poor children, male and female. The recent receipt of an iron letter from Pennsylvania has excited a lively competi tion in England as to the degree of thin ness to which steel can be rolled cold. The average thickness of three Bheets of steel which have been rolled cold at -a Birming ham ironworks has been ascertained, to be 1,800th part of the English standard inch. In other words, 1,800 sheets piled upon each other would collectively measure an inch in thickness. Expressed decimally, the average thickness of the three sheets is .00055, aud the difference in thickness va ries from about .00053 to .00057. The thinnest tissue paper at the stationers' shops measures one 1,200th of an inch, or deci mally. -00083 of an inch. These samples of cold rolled cast steel show very fine holes, and have a porous surface, but still are perfectly smooth and easy to write on, and the porosity can only be seen when they are held up to a good light. It is be lieved that steel may be rolled still finer when other experiments are made. 