EUROPEAN MISCELLANY. The Detention op Mb. William Moens bv Italian Brigands. — A -writer in the London Evening Sun of July 19th says : — Great misapprehension ap pears to exist in the public mind as to this most dis tressing affair, owing to the incorrect accounts published by some of your contemporaries. One leading journal has adopted as true an absurd story published in the Union continental paper, 'while a ?writer in a minor weeldy publication, apparently ignorant of the situation of Paestum and of all con nected with it, treats with vulgar levity the terrible misfortune which has fallen on Mr. Moens. Having had excellent opportunities of becoming acquainted with all the facts of the case, I venture to send you a short statement, which will, I hope, enable you to understand the present state of affairs. The brigand chief who captured Messrs. Aynsley and Moen&on; the 15 th of May, on the high road near Pas turn, is named Mauzo G iar duUo, who was captured the other day, never had anytling to do with the two English gentlemen. Mauzo has since been joined by two other chiefs, \- Cerino and Cianci, and their united bands amount to about forty persons, of whom five are women. The sum originally demanded for the ransom of the two gentlemen was 68,000 ducats, or £8500. It was set tled between the captives by lot that Mr. Aynsley should go to get the ransom, Sir. Moens remaining as hostage in the hands of the brigands. The ltauan Government has been making the most strenuous ex ertions to capture the brigands or to starve them into surrender.; but to those who know the nature of the country— which is faithfully described in Count Maffei's book, lately reviewed in your columns, it is by no means surprising that the brigands continue to baffle their pursuers. But though the severe measures at present practised by the military and civil authori ties in the province of Salerno have hitherto failed to bring about the capture of the brigands, they have plaoed immense difficulties in the way of Mr. Moens friends communicating with his captors. Notwithstanding those difficulties, however, Mr. Moens' friends have succeeded in paying a large sum , of jmonej to the brigands, who still hold out for the j sum originally demanded, and they now see another j opportunity of pacing such further bum as it is in their power to pay. It must be remembered that the money has to be paid in gold, at the time and place appointed by the brigands; that their messenger can tonly carry a certain amount, and that he has to pass through the cordon of troops surrounding the district, at tbe risk of his life ; that the brigands themselves are frequently unable to meet their messenger, owing to the vigilance of the troops; and that, when so baflled, they generally disappear from the neighbour hood for a fortnight or so, after which nothing pan be done till they mate another appointment. Our last news from Mr. Moehs was dated the 29th ultimo, His pohitioiMvas then very critical, lie wrote him self, .detcribing his sufferings, and the threats held out l.y his captors to enforce the speedy payment of more money. We can only trust that thcBe wild men, knowing that their prisoner's friends are exerting themselves to4he utmost to pay the money and to mitigate the severe measures taken by the military authorities, will refrain from carrying into execution the awful threats which they have uttered from time to time. But apart from this, the most terrible danger of his position, the miseries and hardships which . Mr. Moens haB undergone during the last seven, weeks axe sufficient of themselves to cause the deepest anxietjr to his friends should hia captivity be much further prolonged. .Vice-President Stephens has given his -version of the Hampton Road Peace Conference, and says that President Lincoln at the conference offered the South six yean to abolish slavery, and said he would give the slaveowners 400,008,000 dollars as compensation for the loss of their property. Mr. Stephens says every one would .have, been glad to yield on these terms, but Mr. Eavis-waB inexorable, and in order to deceive the people of tjie Confederacy, urged the com missioners to make it.appear that none but insulting terms were offend. They declined to do this, and Davis, to crush the peace party at the South, pre pared a preface to the report giving it that colouring. Mrs. Longworth Yelverton sued Mrs. Forbes Yelverton fsr damages for publishing parts of a letter in the Examiner of January 16, 1863, uni sought to attach some books alleged to belong to Mrs. Forbes Yelverton, but the Court of Session held, on Wednes day, that she had failed to . prove that the books be longed to Mrs. Forbes Yelverton. Non-Explosive Ounpowdek. — It was recently re ported in the - Western Horning News that Mr. Gale, electrician, of Plymouth, had discovered a means by which : gunpowder could be rendered non- explosive, and its original properties restored at pleasure. It was said that a barrel «f ordinary gunpowder could be made non-explosive in five minutes, and restored as quickly to its original condition whenever it was required for use. Hie .announcement necessarily .attracted a good deal of attention, and on the 27th of .June, experiments were made at the Government SHouse, :Mount Wise, before .Viscount Templeton, O.B., Major. General commanding the western dis trict ; and other gentlemen. The party assembled on the lawn in front of the Government House. As the first experiment the process was applied to a small quantity of gunpowder, which was made nonexplo eive, and restored to its original condition in less than two, minutes. The powder used was ordinary blasting powder, and the match which was applied to the powder produced no effect beyond lighting a few grains, which sparkled one at a time without anything approaching to a flame, much Lass .to .an. explosion. Some .of the; Government powder was then tried, and this proved to be much stronger than the ordinary blasbng.powder. The slow match which was placed through the powder lighted the grains with which it came in contact, but no explosion took place, and after the match was burnt out it was found that the powder had lost less than one-eighth part of its weight. During the time the match was burning, Mr. Gale held in his hand the vesBel containing the powder. Further experiments .were made with the Govern ment powder, .when it was found that by increasing the quantity .of the non-explosive mixture .thepow der was fully .protected, and .when a red-hot poker was put through it nothing was seen but a few sparks, and on re-weighing the powder no loss could 'be dis covered. Some discussion took place especially amongst the naval .gentlemen present, as to the in convenience which would result from the increased bulk of the powder when made xion-explosive. Mr. Gale stated that powder in this state could be stored in bulk in about the fame space as is required for the explosive powder in barrels; and taking into con sideration the fact that non-explosive powder can be put anywhere, instead 4-f being .limited to the maga zines, it was thought that less difficulty would be ex perienced as to stowage than at present. In the carriage of the powder it was also shown that the cost would be less when the element of danger was removed. So much for Ihe experiment. The prin ciple involved is very simple; whether it is really valuable remains to be seen. It.consists in mixing the gunpowder with about thee times the quantity of non-combustive powder, the composition of which is preserved as a secret. When the powder is re quired for use the dust is sifted out. It acts only mechanically by separating and isolating the grains, and, for all that we can seee, bone dust would answer the purpose equally w-elL — St/land's Iron , Trade Circular. A Sat Meeting and a Sobbowpul Pabtdjc.— The Glasgow Daily Mail of the 12th of July says:—' Though no voice was raised after the conviction of Dr. Pritchard for the murder of his wife aad motherin law, expressing the smallest doubt about his guilt, few anticipated that he would confess. His calm demeanour throughout the trial, it was thought, was an index to an iron nature that would bear the worst with an unflinching bravery, and it was expected that he would go to the scaffold with the lie in his mouth ; and the pious ejaculations of hypocrisy upon his lips. The first symptoms of an inclination to relieve his heart of the terrible truth were shown during a visit paid to him on Monday evening, by his brother, Mr. Pritchard, of Plymouth, hissister, a married lady living in Dublin, and his eldest daughter. Miss Jane F. Pritchard. The convict had no intimation that he was about to see them, and when they made their appearance, accompanied by his late pastor, the Rev. E. 6. Oldham, he was greatly overcome. After afew sad greetings, the conversation was turned as delicately as possible upon the awful position which he occupied. The strong determination to believe the best of him which his relations evinced up to his condemnation would appear to have been more assumed than real. At all events, his conviction had shaken their trust in his innocence, and their visit on Monday night was ma.de — as was hinted to the prisoner — for the puipose of finally satisfying themselves as to the worst they j could believe of him. He was asked repeatedly if he had nothing to tell them about the mysterious deaths of his wife and mother-in-law, and he at first hesita tingly reiterated his innocence. At last his daughter, falling on her knees before him, in a paroxysm of 6ob- ? bing, implored him te satisfy them as to his inno cence. The miserable man, previously much affected, gave way. to an agony of grief, in the midst of 4/hich no intelligible -woid could be got from hvm, sail his unhappy friends had to bid him farewell, still with a faint hope that he might be guiltless. After hiB friends left he seemed about to go off into a ne-rous fit, and Dr. Leishman, tbe gaol surgeon, had accordingly to be sent for. His unfortunate children left Glasgow for Dublin that same night. The American Protestant Church at Aspinwall was consecrated on June 15th, the ceremony being per formed by Bishop Potter, «f Pennsylvania. A large number of the residents of Panama, both native and foreign, including the President of the State, the French Consul, and other prominent inhabitants were present at the service. This is the first Protestant church ever erected on the isthmus of Panama. It is built of stone brought from the Pacific Railroad Com pany's quarry on the isthmus, and has been erected at the cost of the company. The French Consul at Bangkok, M. Aubaret, by command of the Emperor, conferred the Legion d'Honneuron the two Kings of Siam on the 29th of April last. The diplomas, being considered as the Emperor's autographs, were each received by a salute of twenty-one guns. The procession of boats, laden with soldiers in every variety of costume and having the Royal war elephants on board, was striking and picturesque. Their Majesties wore crowns of diamonds and the insignia of the order. At the foot of the throne the Princes of the Royal family and high dignitaries of the Crown remained, during the ceremony, prostrated on magnificent carpets. A grand dinner was given at the palace to the Consul, tiie French Bishop, and the officers of the frigate Mitraille. After dinner the Kings requested M. Aubaret to transmit their letters of thanks to his Majesty accompanied by the insignia of the Order of the White Elephant, a Royal ring and scarf, also three diamond and ruby bracelets to the Empress. Deploeaele Destitution amongst the Negroes in the Soul HEW? States. — Such is the destitution existing in some of the Southern States, that we read of men, women, and children going out to gather up the com which, soiled by the mire, had been refused and left by the horses of Sherman's cavalry. Families once wealthy are supporting existence on a daily allowance of rice, to earn which, in many instances, the father does the work of a day labourer. A news paper correspondent at Charleston states that he has frequently been accosted in the streets by men evi dently of education and respectable position who have asked alms, affirming that they had not tasted food for one, two, or three days. Unhappily there is no im mediate prospect of a change for the better, the late ness of the season forbidding the planting of extensive crops, and great energy and liberality on the part of the Government will be needed to save the lives of the people. The poor freemen in certain districts are suffeiing even more than the whites, llecent evants need us to fear that there remains in the South an imphcable and revengeful feeling which vents itself on tlie negroes. Their interests have, however, been committed by the Government into the hands of a 'Bureau of Freedmen, Refugees, and Abandoned Lands,' at the head of which it General Howard, who latclv stated at a public meeting in Philadelphia, that the bureau would be guided in its treatment of . the freedmen ' by the simple principles which are in accordance with the religion of our blessed Saviour.' He laid further that ' this people were free, and the whole power of the Government, if necessary, should be exerted to defend them.' General Fisk, who holds an important poBt under General Howard, said he ' hoped and believed that, with the Bible andthe ballot, with the Christian Commission and the Frced men's Bureau, they would be able to raise the black man.' There is, therefore, every reason to hope that the right men have been selected for this most re sponsible work. . Already the Bureau is able to re port that, notwithstanding the distress in other places, the affairs of the freedmen in Missouri and Arkansas are in a very prosperous condition. ' There is a good demand for labourers, and good wages are offered.' We leam from another quarter that schools are fast springing up for the instruction of the negro children. In Richmond about 3000 are said to be receiving daily instruction, and they are making rapid progress in elementary knowledge. A committee of delegates representing the coloured population of Virginia are to meet at Alexandria te consider the condition and pros pects of the race. The New York Independent re marks that the current of war turned in favour of the North as soon as Mr. Lincoln decided on emancipation. 44 Those who believe in God and God's justice,' it says, 'cannot feel that it is superstitious to trace a connection between this righteous act and the bestowal of His flavour.' The Independent goes on to state that at the Cabinet meeting prior to the issue of the proclamation, Mr. Lincoln said to Mr. Chase, ' I made a solemn vow before God, that if General Lee was driven back from Pennsylvania I would crown the result by the declaration of freedom to the slaves.' There is reason to hope that the Cuban slave trade will at length be suppressed. The Spanish Government have just de clared their determination that the slave trade shall cease, and that, if the present law is insufficient for the purpose, a new bill will be introduced to attain the end in view. A large number of wealthy persons in Cuba have petitioned the Spanish Government that General Dulce may be maintained in his gevemorship of the island, on the ground, among other things, that he has ' repressed thi« deplorable traffic with a vigor ous hand.' Unwholesome Sleep.— Not always is sleep ' tired nature's sweet restorer.' Sometimes, instead of a balm, it brings a bugaboo in the shape of the night mare. Man is a wonderful piece of work, but his machinery may be thrown out of gear and set whizzing by bo slight a thing as a late supper. An indigestible Welsh rarebit at 11p.m. may result in a big, suffocating black dog across his chest at 1 o'clock in the morning ; an overplus of loaf pastry, which his gastric juices cannot conveniently assimi late, may precipitate him from a precipice in dream land into a bottomless abyss, or a surfeit of pate de foie gras send him to a Morphean gallows, there to endure all the tortures of actual strangulation. This sort of thing, by the way, is only one remove from apoplexy, and the incubus ridden victim of inordinate and untimely selfindul gence is likely enough to be bestridden in his sleep by a nightmare too strong for his vitality — even death. Tlie term nightmare is supposed to have b-en derived from Mara, the name of a demon which, according to the .Scandinavian mythology, pounced upon men in their sleep, and held the will in thraldom. The old Saxons called the distemper Elf- ndenne, or elf squatting. With the doctors, who are nothing if not classical, it is Ephialties, from a mythic giant of that name who undertook to climb to heaven, but, missing his foothold, tumbled into the fathom less depths. Most of us have, probably, been con vulsed in our sleep with the same sort of horror which the tripped-up Titan is fabled to have experienced during hiB ' lofty fall' from the celestial battlements. In our boyish days, or rather nights, we were frequently pitched headlong from the tops of sky-cleaving moun tains, thrown over staircases and into wells from which the bottoms had dropped out ; to say nothing of falling, bed and all, through trapdoors in the floor into illimitable chaoes, or being caught up by the hair into the realms of ether, and there kept dangling and kicking like a jumping-jack, without any ap parent prospect of rescue. Well do we remember the ! start of terror with which we awoke on such occa sion, and die deep-drawn sighs of relief which followed the consciousness of safety. It is doubtful whether any waking agony surpasses the torment that has bean endured in dreams. There can be little doubt thai many of the spectres of the dark ages were Maras begotten of indigestion. Your Saxon goimandiser who sometimes feasted far into the night on boar's flesh and venison pastry, washing them down with frothy mead, must have gone to bed with his stomach in a nice condition. No wonder that, of the internal fermentation caused by such stuffing and swilling, hob goblins and hippogriffs in endless variety were bom. The surest way to avoid the nightmare, and procure that sound, healthful repose with which each day's life should be ' rounded off,' is to live temperately, regularly, and honestly. Ay, honestly — for a troubled conscience, as well as an over-laden diaphragm, may engender evil dreams. — The Household Monthly Magazine. An Election Incident. — At the nomination of candidates for South Warwickshire allusion was made to a laughable incident in connection with the elec tion. Lord Duncan, in the course of his canvass through the county, called at the house of a gentle man named Ball, who now occupies a large farm near Leamington, but who was formerly engaged in the naval service. The noble visitor was on terms of intimacy with Ball, though differing from him in politics, and, being both tired and hungry, he said, on seeing the remains of a round of beef on the table, the quantity enough for ene and a half or two men, ' That's a nice piece of beef you've got, Ball.' ' Well, I don't think it is,' was the response ; ' but I'll tell you what I'll do : if you like to sit down and eat it, I'll give you a plumper at the elec tion.' Lord Duncan sat down and tackled to his work, and when he had got three parts through with it, he said he should die if he. ate any more. 'Ah,' said the elector, 'I've been too far north for you.' ' I hail from Dundee,' said his guest. ' Oh, but I have been to the North Pole,' said the free and independent i voter, ' and if you don't finish the piece of beef I shall vote for Mordaunt and Wise, the Conservative candidates ; but if you eat it I'll plump for you, and I'll appear in front of the hustings on the day of nomi nation with the piece of bone in my hand.' Lord Duncan thereupon called for some Scotch whisky, and then disposed of the remainder of the beef. True to his promise, on the day of nomination the voter appeared in front of the hustings with a piece of bone in his hand, as a trophy of the way in which he had succeeded in reversing bribery, and in treating his candidate. — European Timet. At the Leeds borough sessions, on the 4th of July, a married woman was sentenced to nine months im prisonment for stealing a child which she intended te adopt. The Scottish Court of Session has refused leave t# the proprietors of the Saturday Review to appeal to the House of Lords against the recent judgment sus taining the jurisdiction of the court in the action of damages for slander brought against them at the instance of Miss Longworth. A singular fatality occurred at Nottingham last week. A young man was accidentally strangled whilst at prayer. It seems that he had been in tht habit of falling asleep at such moments, and his scarf having been caught by a nail or something like it, by the dropping of his head at a sleepy moment he was actually choked. A case was tried in the court of Queen'6 Bench on the 1st July, in which Mr. Chetwynd, of Longdon Hall, was the defendant. Mrs. Chetwynd, who obtained a divorce from her husband a few month's ago, had previously got largely into debt* One of the tradesmen who had supplied her with the goods now sued Mr. Chetwynd for the amount. The jury found for the plaintiff, and Mr. Chetwynd will thus have to pay his late wife's debts. Tiiiebby v. Lobd Feemot. — The Court of Queen's Bench gave judgment, on the 4th of July, in the issue raised by Baron de Thierry against Lord Fermoy on the concession for an Austrian Bank. The plaintiff had obtained a preliminary concession from the Vienna Government, which he sold to the defendant for £30,000, to be paid half in money, half in shares, within one month of the definite concession being obtained. Subsequently the amount to be paid was reduced to £20,000. The de6nite concession was ob tained, but the statutes were altered in such a way that when they were brought to the defendant's notice he refused to accept them. The plaintiff held that the defendant ought to have taken this objection sooner; and the court, concurring in this view, awarded £10,000 to the plaintiff. It is said this de cision will be appealed against. There has been a mule and donkey show at the Agricultural Hall, Islington. The catalogue com prised 162 entries, sixty donkeys having since been admitted to compete for prizes. The object of the show is to encourage the better treatment of these animals— the Earl of Harrowby, the Duke of Marl borough, the Bishops of 'London and Oxford, Miss Burdett Coutts, and the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals being among the chief supported. IRE AMERICAN PRESS— The Americans are more unfortunate in their journalists than any other people. Throughout the whole of the war, articles have ap peared in widely- circulated papers which have given the enemies of the United States the opportunity of ascribing to the whole people — falsely, no doubt, but very effectively — an utter want of delicacy and self respect. These extracts have generally been collected from the New York Herald, but its pre- eminence in this line appears to be in some danger. A paper called the Philadelphia Inquirer publishes an account of the capture of Mr. Jefferson Davis as atrocious as anything that has been published even in the Neu- York Herald. It unites every bad quality of the very worst form of penny-a-lining. The mean triumph of an inquisitive blackguard over a man who is down appears in every line of it, Mr. Davis is always called Jeff. He is the 'arch-traitor' — he ' fully realises his present felonious position.' He is sneered at because, when separated from his family, ' he em- braced them coldly, and without any outward show of feeling.' On the other hand, ' the parting of Mr. and Mrs. Clement Clay was much more demonstrative and affecting than the separation between traitor Jeff, and his Serena.' Mr. Davis shook hands warmly with a black servant on parting with him ; but, ' in justice to Bob, we are constrained to say that he did not seem at all sorry to part from his late master.' We wonder if it ever crossed the mind of that miserable creature who wrote these things that he was playing a part far less ex cusable than that of the poor ignorant wretches who crack jokes in front of a gibbet. He obviously joins the soul of a tailor to the pen of a rowdy. ' The pseudo-president was clad in a suit of fine gray cloth.' 'The oldest boy, who bears the name of *Jeff,' was barefooted, and very indifferently clad.' 'Clement (Mr. Clay) was attired in a suite of plaid stuff.' It is a national misfortune that this kind of writing should be tolerated ; and those who recognise the great and noble features of the American people regret it deeply. — Pall Mall Gazette . OttebHunt: Cubious Cibcuustance. — The other day the Carlisle pack were hunting near Penrith, and they drove out and killed a fine bitch otter. More curious to relate, however, a nest of young ones was | found in a crevice close at hand, containing three of the brood. The pups, which are scarcely as large as new-born kittens, were taken care of and brought to Carlisle, where they are being Buckled and tended by a cat. Pussy is a most considerate step- mother, and will no doubt rear them in more gentle ways than their unfortunate dam. — Carlisle Examiner . A Pun bv the Phince op Wales.— A correspon dent of the Journal de Geneve says: — ' The Prince of Wales made his first official pun the other day. At the dinner he gave to Count Lagrange he wore a cravat with the celours of the winner of the Derby. ' This is an additional tie between France and England,' he said to the Count. In English, tie signifies both bond of union and cravat.' , The Rights of Women. — The freedom of action allowed to Christian women (says the Reader) still strikes the'true Asiatic as inexplicable. The Dnyan prakash, a Marathi paper, publishes a letter carica turing European ideas on this subject. The writer, who signs himself ' Ghost,' is made to say that the Queen is going to issue the following csmmands re garding the conduct of husband and wife towards each other. Every husband must bow twelve times to his w ife the first thing in the morning. Next he would fetch water and bathe her, and having washed her clothes, must cook for the family. After that he should seat her in a becoming manner, and serve her food. He is theft to give her Vida, snd then care for his own stomach. The wife in her turn must kick him twelve times early every morning, make him work at the usual drudgery, and go to his office. Women are at perfect liberty to behave as they like. Adultery will not be reckoned sinful, neither will the Government look upon it as penal. The women are to be fully authorised to use the rod towards their husbands. A return has been presented to Parliament, giving a very full account of the result of the investigations made by order of the Lord Chancellor into the accounts of the official assignees and messengers of the various bankruptcy courts. The account furnished shows that in pursuance of the reports made by Mr. Commissioner Ayston, £10,182 had been paid over by the official assignees on the 22nd June last, and £3694 ' still remained outstanding. The return also shows that £49,057 had been paid over by the official assignees ' in respect of surplus fees and of report.' The messengers, it appears, have, in pursuance of the same report, paid over £5806 ; and 4S415, which the report alleges to be due, still remain outstanding. The account also shows that the mesengers have ' in respect of surplus fees and of report' paid over £25,409. A curious incident which occurred lately in Hyd Park explains the reason why human hair has risen within the last two or three years upwards of 100 per cent in the market. The other day a young gentle man was seen riding through the crowd of equestrians, holding high at the end of his cane a chignon, asthoBe heavy lumps of hair are technically called, with which the young ladies of the present day delight in decorating the napes of their necks. As the chignon bearer rode along, looking inquiringly around him, it was most suggestive to observe the most involun tary manner in which, at least two-thirds of the alarmed young women present raised their hands to the backs of their heads, in order to ascertain that the chignons were all right and tight. Whether the gentleman was merely playing the trick for his own private amusement, or whether he had really picked up a lump of false hair which some unlucky girl had accidentally shed, will probably never be known; but the sensation which the incident caused satisfactorily accounts for the increased value of human hair as an article of commerce. — Pall ifall Gazette. Mr. Joseph Smith and Mr. Henrc Barnes, of Cape Coast Castle, accompanied by &fr.; Joseph Martin (who appeared before the Parliamentary Committee on the West Coast of Africa as sent by the King of Cape Coast to explain his views and feelings, and those of the other kings and chiefs of the Fantee country) had an interview with the Right Hon. Edward Cardwell at the Colonial Office on the 15th of July. A short time ago, a young man named Farrow was apprehended in London on the charge of being in possession of a deed to which he endeavoured by bribery to induce a Jew to forge a signature. The Jew brought the affair under the notice of the police, by whom the prisoner was taken into custody. It now appears that the deed was the property of a gentle man who lived opposite the house where the prisoner lived as a servant. The prisoner said his brother broke into that house and gave him the deed to in duce him to hold his tongue. A valuable horse was lately killed by lightning in Guernsey. The electric fluid entered the knee of the horse, passed upward to the chest, divided there, and passed out at the hack of the ear. Death must have been instantaneous. The poor animal was tethered by an iron chain in a field. The chain no doubt ; attracted the lightning. The rectory of Stanhope, which used to be one of the richest in England, being worth as much as £4800 a vear, recently beca*ie vacant by the death of the Rev. \Villiam Nicholas Darnell, M. A. By a recent arranger ment, the patronage falls to the Bishop of Ripon, some of the vast revenues of the benefice being transferred to the endowment of perpetual curacies in the district. The Bishop has conferred the living upon the Rev. Charles Clayton, B.D., fellow ana tutor of CaiuB College, and incumbent of Trinity Church, Cambridge. 