CONFIRMATION IN CAMPBELLTOWN. On Sunday last the picturesque town of Camp belltown was visited by His Grace the Archbishop trho administered the Sacrament of Confirmation. The mere presence of His Grace would be sufficient to make the Catholics muster in great numbers, but when in addition to his presence, he was to confirm B large nnmber of the young people of the district, We Cannot ue surpnscu at me »uj large uuugrega* tion which assembled on the high hill upon which the Catholic church is erected. The weather was most beautiful and the consequence was that the attendance waB all the more numerous. In addi tion to the Campbelltown children, there were some seventy who came from Appin, Picton, The Oaks, and Redbank the various. staii.ms belonging to the Rev. P; Maginnis. Liverpool also contributed a few which swelled the number of those who were confirmed to about 300. Among these were several adult and converts. The children from Father Maginnia's district had very recently made their First Communion, but those of Campbelltown made theirs on Sunday last at the eight o'clock Mass which was celebrated by His Grace the Archbishop. From all directions might be seen persons on horseback, in vehicles, and on foot Wending their way up to the church to ?witness the imposing ceremony in which a son, a daughter, a brother, or sister was to take part. Before the eight o'clock mass the children who Were to receive holy communion assembled in a piece of ground adjacent to the presbytery, and under the direction of two Sisters of the Good Shepherd formed into procession and proceeded to to the church, where the girls occupied the seats on the right and the boys those on the left of the altar. According to the universal custom the girls were all dressed in white with veils, and the boys wore a confirmation medal attached to a blue ribbon. The Archbishop, assisted by Father Roache, proceeded with the mass as far as the communion. The girls having approached the communion rails His Grace ad ? dressed them in a few but affectionate words on the great event which they were about to uudcrtake. For the first time in their lives they were to receive into their souls the true body and blood of their dear Saviour. He entreated them to renew their actB of contrition and of love to Jesus in the Blessed Sacrament,, and with full confidence in the ineritB. of their Saviour let .them receive him into weir hearts. Holy Commuuion was then 'ad ministered and mass was concluded. After mass the children returned in the same order to the ground adjacent to Father Roache's where , a sumptuous breakfast had been prepared under; a tent erected for the purpose. The Catholics pf Campbelltown acted very generously in this, and there was abundance of cakes, fruit, and dainties fpt the very large number of children who were presen'. Miss Galvin, of Camden, deserves special mention for having Bent a very large supply of all the fruit now in season. Mr. Vardy of Campbelltown lent all the assistance in his power to Father Roache, and on several days drove the nuns to Menangle in order to instruct the. children of that neighbour.' hood. At eleven o'clock the children returned to the church, and their number was greatly increased by others who had arrived from long distances. Mass was celebrated by Father Roache, and his Grace was present in cope and mitre, Fathers Dwyer, Maginnis and Young who had arrived were present. When mass was over the Archbishop was conducted to the centre of the altar, where taking his seat he, according to custom, addressed those who were about to be confirmed. His Grace said that they had been presented to receive at his hands, as successor of the Apostleg the sacrament of confirmation. The first and most important sacrament was baptism which they had already received, by which they were made Christians, children of God, by which original sin had been remitted, and the gates of heaven opened. The merits of Jesus Christ had been applied to their souls and they were presented to God clothed in robes of white. Ordinarily speaking the sacrament of baptism was absolutely necessary for salvation, and so great was the goodness of God that all priests, and in cases of necessity, even a layman could administer it. On the other hand confirmation was only given by a bishop, and in times of persecution, and at present, when indifferentisra to all belonging to our salvation was so prevalent, this sacrament was most necessary, and to omit to receive it, when an opportunity presented itself, would infer so great a carelessness about their salvation that they would not be free from grievous sin. They had all embraced the present opportu nity and were well prepared to receive the sacra ment, as it was one of the most important actions of their lives. Like baptism, coBnrmation could be received but once, and it hehoved them therefore to bo in the proper dispositions to receive the Holy orhost. The greater part of them had had the hap piness that morning to receive the sacrament of the Eucharist, and what better means could there be to prepare themselves to receive the Holy Ghost, the third person of the Blesssed Trinity, than to have in their souls Jesus Christ. Baptism, as he had before remarked, made them children of God, and confirmation bestowed graces to become valiant in the service of God, it made them soldiers of Jesus Christ and earnest in fighting for their salvation. What an important event it was when they received confirmation which raised them to the dignity of the soldiers of Jesus Christ and entitled them to his spiritual empire. It imprinted upon their souls a seal or mark, and as the kings and priests of old were annointed, so would he annoint their foreheads with the sign of the. cross in giving them the sacrament of confirmation which would pour into their souls the seven gifts of the Holy Spirit. In proportion to the manner in which they were prepared, so would the power of the Holy Ghost be greater or lesser. His Grace next explained the ceremonies used in administering confirmation which were highly instructive. He would extend his hands over them jn prayer in accordance with the Apostolic ordi nance. That was the outward form of the inward grace. He next signed them on the forehead with the sign of the cross, repeating those words enjoined by the church, aud begging that the form of the cross might become brighter in their souls till the day of their death. A^ter this followed a slight blow on the cheek to show that they must battle with their own tempers and the enemies of their salvation. This would lead them to practice meekness and gentleness, and to put up with the numerous crosses wkich they would hare ro encoun ter during their life. His Grace concluded his address by imploring the Holy Ghost to pour down her choicest blessings upon those who were about to receive him in the Sacrament of Confirmation. The girls then approached his Grace in twos and were confirmed, after whom followed the boys and adults. When the ceremony was over the children repeated with his Grace the Apostle's Creed, the Our Father, and the Hail Mary. The Archbishop before re tiring addressed those present on the ceremonies which they had gone through. They would have to give a strict account of the graces which they hud received, which had been purchased for them at the great price of the death of Jesus Christ. Tneir fiist duty was to listen to the voice of the Ciiurch, to love God and keep his commandments, and that not only in word but in deed and effect. Their while lives should be regulated by the commandments of God, and their study should be to avoid evil and do good. To do this they had received the graces of the Holy Ghost, and they should take every care that the enemies of their salvation did not plunder them of these graces. They should keep a watch fulness over themselves not only by avoiding all occasions of sin, but also by strict attention to their morning and evening prayers, and by occasionally during th day offering some pious ejaculation. This would be a great means to avoid temptation. In doiug this they should undertake the praetice of self-denial, and not follow the dictates of aature, for tkat virtue, when they were tempted, would enable them to follow the path of duty. Why was it that so many yielded to the temptation of eating meat when it was forbidden, but because they did not practice self denial. Parents should remember that a great deal of the good his instruction would have upon their children, depended upon their conduct before those children. They should have a guard over their tongues, and not allow themselves to use those expressions winch they deprecated in their children. They should not correct them in the indulgence of passion but in the spirit' of charity. They should all imitate Jesus Christ in his meekness and humility who became a little child to teach them,, arid who prayed for the; enemies who crucified^ him. ?. ?'Parents should assemble their household each evening for prayers, which would bring upon then* not only a spiritual but also a temporal blessing. They might read some pious work, say their nigH' prayers, and when practioable sing some hymji which had been the practice of the early Christian!.. Our Saviour had told them that they that teach others shall shine as stars for all eternity, and parents performed this when they taught then children to walk in the way that Catholics should walk. ! ? i . . The Archbishop then said, that he was in the habit whenever he gave confirmation to recoinmerid all who received that sacrament to take the pledge until they were twenty one years of age. He called upon all who were willing to do so to enter tht sanctuary, upon which all the boys and girls whi- had been confirmed did so, and repeated the wordB of the pledge as pronounced by his Grace. All the ceremonies being over the Archbishop and clergy left the sanctuary, the choir in the meanwhile singing the Litany of the Blessed Virgin Mary. The girls then returned to the residence of Father, Roche, where having joined their friends they retired to their homes. Yesterday the nuns left Camp belltown for Wollongong to prepare the children to receive the same sacrament, which will be ad ministered to them next Sunday by the Archbishop. Jn concluding these remarks we must congratulate Father Roche on the success of his labours in pre» paring so many children to receive this sacrament, and no person could have felt more gratified at the result than the pastor of Campbelltown; 