THE OLD CATHEDRAL ORGANISE. [From Chambers's Journal.] lis forty years ago since first 1 climbed these dusty, winding stairs To play the Dean in; & w I spurned Beneath my feet all meaner cares. When first I leant my cheek on fire, And looked down blushing at the choir. Handel and Haydn and Mozart— I thought they watched me as I played t While Palestrina's stern, sad face Seemed in the twilight to upbraid; rale fingers moved up.n the keys— The ghost-hands of past centuries* Behind my oaken battlement Above the door I used to lean, Ana watch, in puffing crimson hood. Come stately sailing in the Dean; On this the organ breathing low, Began to murmur soft and slow. I used to shut my eyes, and hear The solemn prophecy and psalm Bise up like incense; and I loved Before the prayer the lull and calm, Till. like a stream that bursts its banks. Broke forth brave PurcelTs 44 O give Thanks.** X know those thirteen hundred pipes And thirty stops, is blind men do The voices of the friends they love. The birds' song; and the thunder too; And tlie fierce diapason's roar. Like storms upon a rocky shore. And now to day I yield me up The dusky seat, my loved throne, Unto anothei; and no more Shall come here in the dusk alone, Or in au early matin hour, To hear nay old friend's voice of power. And yet, methinks, that centuries hence* Lying beneath the chancel floor, In that dark nook I shall delight To hear tbe anthem .swell once more. And to myself shall quietly smile, When music floods the vaulted aisle. The Lessons taught by the American War,—The most general truth which we can infer from the phenomena of the contest is that as civilization advances, wars are likely to become short, sharp, and decisive. In savage tribes, war is part of their normal condition. You may be shot, or scalped, or made into a slave, or possibly converted into steaks, whenever your neighbour from the next valley takes a fancy- to you. But, as the savage has no capital to speak of, the direct injury is confined to the very small evil of their being one savage the less. Those who remain are not materially worse off than before; but, of course, their improvement is slow in proportion to tie want of confidence. Every increase in civilization increases the power of combination, and increases the quantity of wealth which depends for its pro tection upon the maintenance of peace. Thus tie power of cairying on decisive war increases in an enormous ratio. Eailroads and telegraphs have bro.-ght us so close together that we may have our grasp upon each other's throats at a moment's notice. Europe is not a third part of thebize, if we reckon size by distance of given points, and distance by the time taken to traverse it, that it was in the timc.of Napoleon. Paris is nearer to Berhu now tha< it was then to the French frontier and ail the available troops of both nations might meet each other half-way in a month. The im proved military and c vil organization has the same teudengy. Governments obtain daily a greater power of using credit—that is, of getting hold of all the wealth in the country by a speedy process. Once, taxes dropped in a languid stream, proportioned to the slowness of military expendi ture; now ibty flow abundantly in answer to the slightest pressure, and can be anticipated with facility i y loans. It follows that, while we are ncher and more populous than formerly, we can throw our wealth and our men into the field far more quickly: and, when there, we can strike blows that will be more deeply felt. The rapid improvement of modern artillery is merely one instance of this progress. The skill which goes to make an Armstrong or a Whitworth gun renders it necessary to employ more wealth and more labour; our tools become more expensive at least as quickly as they become more effective. Consequently, we produce a Rreater effect if successful, and suffer a heavier loss otherwise In either case, the result is obtained more rapidlv The difference between ancient and modern war fare is best illustrated by the difference between toe old fleets of numerous sailing vessels tryiuff to get at each other for months, and then ham mering at each other for hours, and the modern rams anneu with two or three tremendous guns driven at their adversaries by steam, and smash ing or smashed in half-a-dozen shots. On the whole, and in the long run, the change is doubt less favourable to humanity, much in the same way as gunpowder has tended to diminish suffer ing. The loss is concentrated into months of agony, instead of spreading oYer years of insecu rity ; and the extreme inconvenience which war now produces to complicated commercial interests seems to make more converts to peace than the mere general preaching of old times. But it is not to be denied that, if war is going out of fashion, it takes a very long time about it.—Satur day Review. Parliamentary Attire.—If it were not known to me that tbe Whigs sit en tbe right of the Speaker, and the Tories on the left, should I be able to tell from tbe personal appearance of the members which were Whigs and which were Tories? There was certainly a difference in the aspect of the parties, but I am not sure that their distinctive characteristics would have guided me to a definite conclusion as to their politics. There were as many blue coats aud high collared yellow waistcoats on the Whig as en the Tory side. And the swells who wore pointed mustaches, and parted their hair down the middle, were pretty even'y balanced. It struck me, however, that on the whole tbe Tories were better dressed. The trousers on the Ministerial Bench had a decided sixtecn-shilling look: There was a want of cut about them. The. Tory trousers, on the other hand, while exhibiting more style, were generally of a lighter and more dandy colour. The Tories, too, had the best of it in boots. There was an unpleasant hrghlow a-pect about the Whig boots, suggestive of Radicalism, and a wide extension of the franchise among the clodhoppers; whereas the natty patent leathers of t' e Tories indicated a desire to preseive the British Constitution in an exclusive state of elegance. ~Af the Opening of the Radge', vi " All the Year Round." 