1'Ufc r * CHKISi'CiUjli-;!!, MfiUNr GAilJL»iJ5R. I From the fiorr/rr tyrufr/j. Fpbmnrv fiTJ l The interesting ceremony of laying the foun dation-stone of Christchurch, Mount Gambier, took place on Tuesday afternoon, iu presence of the leruHiiff mpritliHrs nf the (^hurdi nf Knfrljinri. the leading members of tlie Church of England, and a very large number of spectators. The Lord > Bishop of Adelaide read the " Uttice for Laying the | Foundation-stone of a Church or Chapel,' aud at ' the proper place in the service Master L. G. I Browne, Moorak, with the assistance of the builders, laid the stone "in tile name of God the i Father. God the .-on, and God the Holy Ghost." After the conclusion of the service Master Browne gaoe the following address:—My Friends and ■ fveigltbours—At the request of the Church Com- j mittee, with the approval of my father, I have performed the duty of laying the foundation-stone of this Church, i feel it to have been a great < honour conferred upon me. and a great privilege: i and I trust that, with all those rising to manhood I whom I have been chosen to represeut on this { occasion, f may ever remember this day. It im presses on as all the main duty of life, to promote the glory of God, anil the advancement of the Church of Christ. Captain Lyon, addressing Master Browne, said lie had been commissioned by the Committee of" the Church to present him with a silver trowel, which was to have been used in the day's cere mony. but through some oversight it had not arrived. However, he held a drawing of it in his hand, with the inscription, and in the name of the Committee lie begged Master Browne's acceptance of it when it came. Mr. Browne returned thanksfor his son. . In the cavity underneath the foundation stone a bottle containing a scroll with the following in scription was deposited:—"The foundation-stone of Christchurch was laid on Tuesday, February 21, A;L). 1S6"i, by Leonard Gilbert Browne, son of William J antes Browne, Esq., of Moorak. Trus tees—William James Browne, James Carisbrook Lyon, < diaries George Doughty, Thomas Allen Weils, Henry Edmund Wells. Architect—William Thomas (fore. Incumbent Minister—Rev. Richard William Needham. The Bight Reverend Augustus Short, the Lord Bishop. Tile Bishop, iu the course of a very appropriate address, said that he felt deeply gratified at the commencement of a church which lie had so long desired to see begun. On his first visit many years ago he had preached iu the verandah of the little wooden inn. The day of small tilings should not be despised. It h ,d led to the present ceremony. To some it seemed slow in coming; but the Church of England, after more than twelve cen turies of existence, had l ad to act upon the volun i tary principle. He had come among them at a moment of excitement, but they were met there on [ a mission of peace and goodwill. In planting tliis church let the duty ever he borne in mind "of speaking the truth iu love." He would make no comparisons. He had to thank both the Wes leyau and Piesbyterian bodies for their courtesy iu putting their places of worship at his disposal. All present, however, would pardon a little enthu siasm on his part on such an occasion for tae dear " old Church," over a part of which iu this colony Providence had set him as chief pastor. In his conscience he believed it to be scriptural iu doctrine, primitive in order, catholic in spirit, moderate in tone. The Anglican Reforma tion was made, not against the powers that he, hut with it. Our reformers were able t-o do their work more calmly. They strove to remove only that in the national Church which had been superadded to the Catholic faith, or ceremonies which had been abused to superstition. Our Reformation was in fact a return to the primitive aud apostolic Church. Hence members of other bodies loved its worship next best to their own, an i frequently attended, as he often saw in Iris tours. Moreover here, if not connected with the State, neither was it trammelled by it. They enjoyed the same free dom, within the limits • f law, as other bodies. He hoped the work now begun would he carried on steadily" to completion, perhaps not before he left for a visit to England; but the duty to which Pro vidence bad called him bound him to South Aus tralia, .and if God permitted him to go and to return in safety, he hoped to see the church, so tasteful in its design, happily completed. He wished fiat they might all prosper in their tem poral aii'airs, "even as their souls prospered;" and that God's blessing would rest on the ministry of I those in connection w ith that building, to which he I hoped they wouid ail contribute according to their i ability. 