HE-APPENDIX. HIS EXCELLENCY'S VISIT TO THE TOWN HALL Sir Dominic Daly having expressed a desire to inspect the Town Hall buddings. His Worship the Mayor (Mr. W. Townsend, M.P.) availed himself of the opportunity by In- <*> viting about 150 gentlemen to meet His Excellency, and vtting about ISO gentlemen to afterwards to enjoy his hospitality on Saturday, August 12. > At 11 o'clock a considerable number of gentlemen had aasemMed. including members of both Houses of Parliament representatives of tbe learned professions, heads of depart ment!, and other highly Influential colonists. Shortly after 12 o'dook His Excellency, attended by the Chief Secretary rtht Hon. H. Ay en), the Treasurer (Hon. T. Seynolds). the Private Secretary (Mr. D. G. Daly), the Aide-de-Camp I Mr. D. D. Daly), and Inspector Hamilton arrived, and was received by His Worship the Mayor, who led the way in tbe magnificent Town Hall, the inspection of which was the object of Bis Excellency's visit Sir Dominic and the company spent a considerable time In viewing the hall, which of coarse is only partially completed—in fact, the only portion of it finished is the celling. To give some idea of the .dimensions of tbe room we may say that the ball is 166 feet long, 6f feet wide, and 46 feet high, while a gallery at tbe western end. tbe whole width of the building, extends 28 feet back. There wi/1 be sitting room for between 1,600 and 3.000 people when quite completed. The ceiling is ex ceedingly handsome, being thoroughly substantial, and OBt^dy tree from £? tawdry ornamentlon which adorns many English and colonial structures. The plasterers were badly engaged, but tbe ball even in its present unfinished condition elicited U? highest encomiums ot His Excel lsaey and all who lotpwtad it. Tae guest* of Bit I i • ': Worship having closely examined the large ball, &n;< facade, adjourned to tbe adjoining Council Chamber room, where a very handsome breakfast had been laid out bj Mr. Cornock of the Clarence Hotel The edibles were pro faseand elegant, while the wines were of tbe best quality, and proved Mr. Cornock to be an excellent caterer. On tbe tables were some aerated bread, which bad been sent to Mr. F. B. Pox from Melbourne, with a view to its introduction here. The bread was five days old, bat not withstanding this it was soft and pleasant to the taste. His Worship the Mayor acted as Chairman (without s seat, as he and the company all stood), and wm supported on his right by His Excellency the Governor, the Chlel SeoretaryiTown Clerk, and the president of the Legislative Council ; and on his left by the Treasurer. Mr. W. Milne, M.P., the Hon. A. Blyth. M.P. and others. The substantialities of the feast having been duly dis cussed, various toasts, loyal and appropriate, were proposed and duly honored. LEICHARDT SEARCH FUND. The following is an abstract of a lecture delivered by the Bey. Canon BosseU at an entertainment in aid of the above Fund, at White's Boomr, on Hondaytevening, August It. The Bey. Canon Russell felt some hesitation on such a subject as that, bat it had been thought by some persons that a lecture on Leichordt would be acceptable to tbe people of Adelaide, and as no one else could be found to undertake the task, he had done so. To Dr. Bayer. Dr. Mueller, Mr. Sinnett, and several other gentlemen he owed much for tbe assistance they had given him, bat he only wished that Dr. Mueller were here to undertake the task himself. He feared that there were some persons who regarded the expedition for the search for Leichardt as a fruitless one, and a waste of life in search of dead men's bones. It appeared to him not only possible but probable that some remains either of Leichardt or bis party might yet be found. They all knew that one man, whom he regarded as tbe greatest of Australia's explorers, hod stated his belief that Leichardt might still be found. He referred to Mr. McKJnlay. The case, then, that they had to submit to them In favor of a further search was a case founded upon evidence; and Mr. McKinlay bad found traces of Lelohardt 350 miles farther than any other traces had beenfonnd. Trees marked and jaded hones with galled backs had been found. Despite tbe number of years which had elapsed since Leicbardt bad been missed, be still thought it was possible he might yet be found. Two things must be con sidered, either that Leichardt and his party are actually destroyed, and if they are destroyed, proof of such being the case shoald be produced, or in the absence of such proof that it was absolutely impossible for them to have survived among any savage tribes. It was due to themselves to set at rest the doubts existing as to Leichardt's fate. This movement had originated with the ladies of Victoria, and it had been said by some tbat their language was too sentimental; bathe (Mr. Russell) did not think their language was more sentimental toon tbe occasion warranted. One of the reasons for his giving that lecture was the appearance of an address made by Dr Mueller. Victoria had no personal Interest in Dr. Leicbardt, yet they were engaging in a search for him. The perili bad Jeen encountered and death braved for the good of Austra lia at large, and whatever jealousy might exist between the two colonies, they should both unite in this undertaking. If ever enthusiasm was justified it was in that ease, and he hoped Sonth Australia woold not be behind in assisting in tbe search after the long-lost Leichardt. (Applause.) Leichardt is a German and a Prussian. He would not use the post tense till it had been shown for certain tbat he (Leichardt) was dead. He pursued his early studies under circumstances highly calculated to Infuse a love of knowledge into him. The capacity of the Germans for labor is known to be great and their per severance is well known. It may well be a pride to Australia that sucb a man as Leichardt bad undertaken the task of exploring the interior. In several departments be excelled. Botany and chemistry were two great subjects ot bis studies. It may be an interesting foot to Englishmen to know that much of Leichardt's success may be attributed to the assistance given him by hia friends the English. It was Dr. Nicholson who first brought Leiohardt forward. He (Leichardt) arrived in New South Wales in 1812 with a view of attaching himself to some exploring party, but at first no opportunity occurred. Between 1812 and 18** he was engaged in exploring the districts along the eastern coast, and it was here that he first became acquainted with the habits and picked up some knowledge of tbe lan guage of the blacks. In 18*3 an expedition was organized, and in 1844, Leichardt started from Fort E'sington. and travelled along the western coast. Besides himself the party consisted or 10 persons, one of whom returned shortly after starting, and a number of cattle and horses. The funds for the expedition were chiefly found by Leichardt oat of his own parse. The narra tive of that expedition is a story of wonderful endurance. On one occasion, having parted from bis company to recon noitre, Leicbardt lost himself, and only regained bis party, after a deal of suffering, on tbe fourth day. Within a month after starting, too, an their flour was lost, and that of itself was enough to nuke them return. Tbe expedition started on tbe Ist October, and on the 28th June following, when they passed the Gulf of Carpentaria, Leichardt un fortunately camped in a thicket of trees, when on onslaught was made upon them by the natives. These were some of tbe things which made people say that LHcbardt was not a good bushman; bat he (the lecturer) thought, even if he was not a good bushman, that he received-such a caution then that he would not be so thoughtless for the future. Nor were those the only difficulties they had to contend with, for while they were out a misfortune, which was rather a serious one to civilized men, befell them. All those present knew what it was to have nothing to wear, and the party were in that condition, tor their clothing was worn oat, and many of them were travelling half naked. Even tbe best suit of clothes amongst them was so patched that the most unscrupulous old clothes man would not have given six pence for the lot. They returned home on Nov. 22, having travelled a distance of 3,000 miles In one year and a lew months. Before tbe end of 18?, a story reached Sydney that the whole party had been murdered, and so universally was the story believed that some verses were written on the death of tbe party. (The rev. lecturer here read the lines referred to.) A party was sent out in search of nim, bat it was badly organized, and failed in getting any clue to bis whereabouts; bat in lMCquitea sensation was created by Leichardt's reappearance amongst themjwith all his party, with the exception of Mr. Gilbert, who had been speared. In 18*7, on bis return, be made preparations for crossing the country from east to west, bat he ultimately set out for the Barkedin River, and gave himself two years and a half to return in, and be bad really done what he bad proposed. The rev. gentleman then proceeded to point oat on the map of Australia tbe various tracks which had been found by different explorers, and were anp posed to belong to Leichardt. Stuart, in his explorations of 1860, saw what he took for horse tracks, and near a lagoon found lots more tracks. In 18*8 Leicbatdt was heard of at HcPherson's station. Nothing- was then heard of him, till 1850, when a young nun heard from a black fellow that the entire party had been massacred near Haranoa. The story was that the whole party, and the cattle as well, had all been killed, with the exception of two bullocks, which got loose and ran away. The New South Wales Government sent out an expedition under Mr. Healey in Beach of him. but tbe statements of the various blacks were so different from each other that no faith could be put in them. The time of the alleged massacre, nor the place were ever pointed oat, so tbat the whole story was regarded as a mere fabrication. Mr. Lang thought that if such a massacre bad taken place some remains of it would have been left, and as no remains could be anywhere found he regarded tbe story as a mere boastful romance of the natives. In September, 1851, a party started for the Darling, and after being out for tbree weeks they came to a point a little below Cooper's Creek, where they came npon some graves which the blacks said were those of white men. The graves appeared to be about four years old. whereas if they had been Leicbardt's they mnst have been older than that Tbese graves were nude the subject of a special enquiry by tbe Victorian Geogra phical Society, bat they were not found to be Ldcbarat's. There was only one more instance of anything having been found to lead them to suppose Leichardt was dead. In lat. 27? long. 139? 50* Mr. McKinlay found the body of a man and hair of different colors, and a little farther on be found some camels, bat that body could not have been Leichardfg. becaase bis party had no camela. Mr. McKinlay at once took it for the remains of Barke's party. Tbe possibility is that it might have been part of Barke's party. Had not Mr. Howitt fortunately found and rescued King,those statements'ot Mr. McKinlay might have pre vented a search being made for the remains of Burke and Wills's party. That showed how mistaken people might be in arriving at first conclusions. They had now to see whether any traces of Leicnardt had been found since 18*8. Various attempts had been made from time to time to And him, and the first instance of any mark beuur found was by Mr. Healey, in 1862, when just a little below the 25th par rallel of latitude a tree was found with the letters X V A in a huge L. Some persons took the XVA to mean the 16th April; if so, it could not be Ltechardt's. because he would not be there on the 15th April; but others put different meanings to tbe letters. August Gregory. In 1858. also fonnd in lat 2* ? 35' long. 146 ? 6' trees marked with a huge L So also in 1861 Mr. Walker foand the same marks on trees, and seven miles farther on. while looking for some horses, he found a large number of tracks. Another explorer comes forward, named Landsborougb, who says that he occa sionally marked trees LL. He (Mr. Russell) woald like to know, what woald be of great service, whether Lands borough always used the double L or not, as it had been said that Leichardt'e L bore a peculiar mark. Mr. Mclntyre also says he came on tracks of Leichardt's party on the River Flinders, be says be saw trees marked by the pecu liar Lof Leichardt, and also found horses with galled bocks which be supposed also belonged to Leichardt, bat the trees he knew to bear bis mark. All these things tended to prove that Leichardt was still alive. An expedition bad been started in scorch of the long-lost explorer, under the guidance of Mr. Mclntyre, who undertakes the task for two years. And that no time might be lost, an individual in Melbourne has promised to advance the funds for the expedition, relying on the liberality and gene rosity of the people of Australia generally to help him. Although 17 years had expired, there was still a probability of finding him ; but every year added more to the difficulty. Even supposing the party to be all dead, it does not follow that they died of starvation, for in one of his letters Leichardt had said that he would never die of starvation; and it was not very likely tbat they bad died for want of water, for Leichardt was well acquainted with the habits of tbe blacks and of the country. The reverend gentleman concluded his lecture by hoping that all would assist in raising funds for the search for Leichardt. as it was a noble cause. The lecture, which occupied about an hour and a quarter in its delivery, was listened to with the utmost attention, and at its conclusion the reverend lecturer resumed his seat amidst applause. COMPLIMENTARY DINNER AUD PRESENTATION TO DB. TALUS, J.P., AT KAPUNDA. Dr. TaUis being about to^eove the neighborhood, in con sequence of his acceptance of the office of Resident Medical Officer of th? Lunatic Asylum, his numerous friends enter tained him at a banquet at the Sir John Franklin Hotel, on the evening of the sth inst About 60 persons were present Tbe choir was occupied by Mr. Hoggins. On the right sat the guest of tbe evening, and on tbs left th? Rev. Mr. Barns, C.C. Mr. Mnllpn acted as Vice-Uhainnan. The dinner, as Is usual at the Franklin, was first class, and consisted of every delicacy of the season. Ample justice having been don* to the good cheer provided, the cloth was removed, when Tbe Chairman gave, successively, the usual loyal and patriotic toasts, which were duly nonored. In proposing " Tbs Parliament." be eoid he hoped it would make tb( wisest of lows, and toot they may be ably administered. (Hear.) Mr. Hehbt Kjelxt responded, and remarked tbat h? won dered why they had selected him to do so. As for as he ?ould see, the Parliament hod done but littU. He hoped, however, the laws they made would t? put is force and to see no bickering between the Judges and the Parliament (Cheers). Bong. Mr. Bollte—" Norah McShane." Mr. DavidShanbohsaid hefeltbigbly honored in having to propose the health of their guest, whom he was son oil present held in the some high estimation as he did. (Cheers ) He believed tbat Dr. Tallls was esteemed throughout the district and bad acted bis part well; he (the speaker), calling at a shepherd's hut, and hearing the shepherd's wife say with tears in her eyes, "God bless himl" (Cheers.) It was not a very long time since Dr. Talus came amongst them; he believed it was about five years. He did not wish to flatter their guest, bat be would say be held him. as ? Magistrate, in tbe highest estimation; and be was eqaallj entitled to their esteem as a medical man, for he felt bur that great reliance was placed in him, and the district had sustained great loss in his departure. The Cbatrmas said be wished to soy a few words before the toast was drank. He then read the following address, which was neatly engrossed on vellum :— " To George Talus, Esq., Medical Practitioner. &0. " Dear Sir—Your numerous friends in tr?pnnrta and th< District of Light, having heard of your removal from amongst them by yoar acceptance of the Importance office ol Resident Medical Officer of the Government LunaHo Asylum, in Adelaide, desire, whilst expressing their gratification at any advancement the change may make In yoar position, tc assure yoa of their unfeigned regret at yoar departure from amongst them. " Yoa have labored now for some years in this district, daring which time yoar activity, uprightness, and indepen dence as a Magistrate have secured for you the undivided esteem and confidence of the general public; and your land and valuable attentions as a medical man have establishes yoar reputation for skill and professional ?access to at extent certainly never frnclleri. if ever before attained, bj any other gentleman In this district. "The accompanying presentation is mode by yoni numerous friends as a memento to be looked it one thought of in after years, when the severanoe which occa ilonedtt may pwahoncefliJaoroM your m?awry. jTheyhopi I that at sucb m time yon will not look at Its intrinsic Tains. , bat as the emblem of a pure and unalloyed friendship, ac • sinoere on their part as it is deterred on yours. *? In conclusion, they wish yon lone lfie ana happiness , and worldly ?nccess in every sphere to which yon may bt called. i "Signed, on behalf of some hnndrods or friends, by the i Chairman and Hon. Secretary. " Kaponda, South Australia, August 0.1865 " He then presented Dr. Tallis with a handsome gold watch and chain, which was pnrchased by subscription, and bore the following inscription:—" Presented to G. Tallis. Esq.. ALL)., as a token or respect, from bis numerous friends on his departure from Kapnnda. August 9,1865." Mr. B. KELtrsaid he could not allow Dr. TUlte to leave the district without paying him the compliment of attend ing that evening. He then spoke in bigs enlogium on Dr. TaUla's medical skill, and publicly thanked him for the good he had done him {the speaker) daring bis reoent 111 -" For he's a Jolly Good Fellow." Song. -Bushman's life"—Mr. W. C. Oldham. Dr. Talus, in rising to respond, was greeted with txe mendons applause. He said he bad met with every kindness from the inhabitants of Kapunda and the District of Light. He felt he was undeserving ot aucb kindness. (No, no.) He had endeavored to do his duty as a Magistrate by administering evenhanded justioe to the poor as well as the rich, and had to thank his brother Magistrates for their kind co-operation. He could say that he hsd labored for many years at his profession, and he was glad to say it was not In vain. Ha was thankful to see ao many present, and parti cularly those rer. gentlemen. He felt that on leaving Kapnnda he went like a thief la the night; bat he had only two hours' notice given him. He asain thanked them for their beautiful present and address. He felt he had not the power to express his thanks as he would wish, but they most take the will for the deed. (Bounds of applause.) Various other toasts were proposed, and the company broke up about midnight. ST. FRANCIS XA VEER'S watt. The ceremony of laying the foundation-stone of the St. Francis Xavier's Hall, in connection with the Catholic Institute, took place on Assumption Day, August 16. Prior to the ceremony proper. High Mass was celebrated in the Cathedral, the Bey. T. Bomgaerts officiated as High Priest, the Sev. Minhart O'Connor as Deacon, the Rev. Chas. yon der Heyde as Sub-Deacon, and the Rev. P. T. Russell as Master of Ceremonies. The mass having been concluded, the above named rev. gentlemen conducted the Very Bey. John Smyth Administrator Apostolio to the acre adjoining the Cathedral eastward, where the new Hall will stand. The usual attendants, carrying the incense, holy water, &c;, formed a part of the procession. Arrived on the platform in front of the stone, Mr. Malcolm Henry Davis advanced and read the following address :— " To the Rev. John Smyth. Ad. Aps. " We, the Catholics of Adelaide, assembled to-day, on the auspicious occasion of laying the foundation-stone of a building which we hope and believe will greatly conduce to the edification and enlightenment of the Catholiccommunity, cannot allow this opportunity to pass without testifying in some degree the high respect and esteem in which we bold yon as our pastor. " In oommemoratton of the event, and as most appropriate to the present occasion, we beg yost acceptance 01 the ac companying: testimonial." The address was signed on behalf or the Catholics gene rally by Messrs. Malcolm Henry Davis, J. W. Egan, S. Pearse Creagh, J. J. Cronin, M. McDonald, L. Stunners, Michael Moilallen, Patrick Fitzpatrick, E. McEUister. John George Daly, W. McNamee. Mr. E. W. Weight, one of the architects, ssid he had been deputed on that occasion to request the Rev. Mr. Smyth's acceptance of a bowel, with which might lay the foundation-stone of that building. He hoped be would keep it as a memento of that exceedingly auspicious occa sion, and that in after years he would look upon it with delight as being the instrument with which was laid the foundation-stone of a building, upon whloh his congregation would look with pride, and also as a mark of the esteem which they had for him. He trusted that that might not be die last occasion npon which he would have to ose it. Mr. Wright then banded the trowel to the Bey. Mr. Smyth, who said—Gentlemen, yon may rest assured that I fee! deeply gratified with this beautiful gift npon this, as you have justly described it, very auspicious occasion. I hope in fntnre years—for I shall treasure it long—that the remembranoeot this beautiful gift will help to cement bet wees myself and my congregation those feelings which should and have always subsisted between us as Pastor and people. Ton will please say to the gentlemen who deputed you, Mr. Wright, to present me with this trowel, that I return them and yon my sincere thanks. The trowel, which was snppliad by Sir. John Davis, was elegantly chased, and bore the following inscription, which was very nicely engraved:—"A-MJXG. Presented to the Very Rev. John Smyth. Ad. Aps.. on the occasion of laying the foundation-stone of St. tTraaci? Xavier's Hall, Adelaide, on the Feast of the Assumption. i?6s." The Ax>Mn*iSTRATOE in stolic then commenced reading the Latin service from the Pontifical rituaL The rev. gen tleman then descended the platform, and, crossing the stone on each aide, repeated the words—" In nomine Patrii, et Filio. et Spiritus Sancti, Amen." He then read the fol lowing translation of the document, which, with a number of medals and coins, were placed in the bottle, to be deposited under the stone:—"On the Festival of the Assumption of the Blessed Virgin Hary to Heaven, 1865, in h-year of toe Pdnddcate of rim e>peH., the such; of Victoria, the first Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, the 28tb; Sir Dominic Daly, being Governor of the Province; the See of Adelaide being vacant; a large concourse of people beine present; the assisting Priests being Patrick lhomas Russell. Theodor Bomgaerts, Charles yon der Heyde Michael O'Connor, and C. A. Reynolds; the Very Bey. John Smyth. Administrator Apos tolic of the Diocese of Adelaide, laid this foundation stone of St. Francis Xavier's Hall." The stone was then duly laid, the rev. gentleman saying:—"ln the faith of Jesus Christ we place this first stone of this foundation in tbe name of the Father, of tbe Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that here, through iaith, may nourish the fear of God and brotherly love; that this place may be destined to invoke and praise the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, who, with Father and Holy Ghost, lives and reigns one God for ever and ever. Amen." Hie stone having been properly adjusted, the Rev. Mr. Smyth, with tbe priests and attendants, walked round the foundations, reading.the service of consecration, the Choir, in the meantime, ringing ** Miserere." On returning to tbe platform the rev. gentleman addressed the people. He then Invited persons to lay their offerings on the stone. The large sum of JET 1 12s. was then laid upon the stone, and tbe ceremony concluded. The proposed Lecture-room will be 76 by 39 feet, and the height from the floor to the ridge will be 48 feet. Committee and Reading rooms will be attached—the measurement of which will be respectively is feet by 16 feet 6 inches, and 16 leet 6 inches by 19 feet 6 inches. There will be an open Umber roof, covered with slate, and the curved ribs will rest npon corbies. An ornamental iron ridding wiU run along the top ot the rood Tbe walls will be of Glen Osmond stone, pointed, with brick quoins. As the front elevation will face the north there will be no windows, so as to keep tbe building as cool as possible, but there will be six bays on each side. Tbe style of architecture will be the early English, and there will be little ornamentation. The prioe for the present contract, which does not inclnde (he Committee and Reading rooms, is £1,553, and the whole bnildiog is likely to be finished in five or six months. The architects are Messrs. Wright & Woods, and the builder Mr. M. McHuUen. We may mention that photographs were taken of the scene at the time the Bar. Mr. Smyth was laying the atone. BOARD o' COMPETITIVE EXAMINATIONS. A meeting of the Board of Competitive Examinations was held at the Governor's Offices on Monday, July 3L, to make final arrangements for the forthcoming examinations. I There were present His Excellency tbe Governor, President I the Board; Dr. Wyatt, Chief Inspector of Schools; tbe I Revs. J. Gardner, R. Hawing, J. Maughan; Mr. N. Blyth, M.P.. and tbe Secretary. Mr. J. H. Clark. The Secretast reported that the accounts had been audited and found correct. Also, tbat tbe number of boys who had sent in their names was four, but one of them just fell oat of the proper range, being twelve days over age. He had made application under the apprehension that his age woo Id date from the day 'of making bis application, instead of from the day of examination. The result, therefore, was that there were only three boys for exami nation. Two of them were under 13 years of age, and one was under 10. Tbe Examiners were then appointed as follows:— Latin—The Revs. R. Haining and J.Gardner. The following gentlemen were then appointed as Ex aminers, iv English t—The Rev. J. Gardner and Ur. Davis, or In the event of his dfnlining to act. Mr. N. Blyth. M.P. Examiner in German, Mr. Treuer, or should he f?", Mr. F. S. Dntton; History and Geography. Dr. Wyatt and Mr. Dewhirst; Mechanics, the Rev. J. Maughan : Arithmetic, Mr. N. Blyth. H.P.,and Mr. J. H. Clark. The next business was tbe appointment of an Executive Committee to settle any point tbat might arise, and tbe -Rev. J. Gardner, Dr. Wyatt. and Mr. JTTI Clark were ap pointed for that purpose. The 18th of September was then Ixed upon as the day on which the' Examiners' reports should be sent in, and the 2uth of September the day of meeting to consider the same. After some farther discus sion of a conversational character, as to whether it won Id be advisable to continue the examinations after this year, the meeting terminated. STBATHALBTN BIFLE MATCH. Strathalbyn, August 15 The matches of toe Strathalbyn Rifie Association were began this morning at s o'clock. Three matches were com pleted,'which were all with Enfield rifles. Government regulation eights, and pull of trigger, but without any restriction respecting slings. The 200 and 300 yards ranges were fired from the standing position, whilst at all distances beyond any posture waa allowed. In tbe early part ol the day the weather was all that could be desired for good scoring, but at a little after • o'clock the wind blew, not very strongly, but right ahead. At about 12 o'clock the wind increased, still continuing ahead; but on the whole the day was a fine one. In the fiist match, at 200 and 300 yards, tbe first prize £7, was won by Mi. J. Stark, 41 points; the second £6. by Mr J. Smith, 39 points; and the third £3, by Captain jt?nfcin. 31 points. Second match, 400, 600, and 600 yards—First prize, £8, Mr. J. W. Higgins. 6* points; the second, £6, Mr. M. Rankine, 63 points; and tbe third, £4, by Mr. Hogarth, 61 poults. Third match. 300. 800, and TOO yards—First prize, £10, was won by Captain Paterson, 56 points; the Becond. £7, by Mr. A. Pavy, 55 points: and tbe third, £5. by Mr. J. Smith, SI points. A prize for tbe highest scorer In these three matches (a pair of Napoleon boots, presented by Mr. Mil way) was won by Mr. M. Rankine with 160 points. Several visitors were on the ground during tbe day who seemed more interested than usual on such occasions. Wednesday, August 16. The Strathalbyn Rule Matches were resumed this morning under less favorable circumstances then they were begun yesterday. The Company Match was won by Milang. tbe individual prizes being taken as follows .—First by Sergt- Hogarth. and the second by Mr. M. Rankine. Then came the small-bore match at 200, SOO, and TOO yards. Prizes were won thus—First prize, £8, by M. Rankine; second, £6, W. Colman ; third. £4, John Stark. The small-bore match at 600, SOO. and 1,000 yards was begun, bat the rain fell fast and thick until all hands were driven from the field Companies' Hatch, at 200, so •. and TOO yards. Five men from each Company. One Company prize and two indi vidual prizes. It will be seen that the Company Prize of £10 was won by tile Milang Rifles with a score of 348 Tbe first Individual prize, £3, was won by Sergt Hogarth, with 58 points, and the second, £2, by M. Rankine, with ss points. Stratbalbyn, August 18. Yesterday was the last day of the annual matches of our Rifle Association. The weather was most beautiful, and all that could be desired for the occasion. Two matches were completed—viz., the sixth, or second of the small-bora matches, and the Rifle Derby, In which the Enfldds were allowed five points, which was by some of the firing party thought to be too many points allowanoe to the latter; but It was observed that if the allowance was considered too much, why was it tbat those very gentlemen who complained of the handicap preferred using their Whit worth rifles, when all who complained bad Enfields at their command, and yet did not use them ? The three prizes, notwithstanding the allowance, were won by Whitsrortba, although there was a tie for the third between Mr. W. Colman, with a Whitwortn, and Sergeant Bosisto, with an Eufleld. the former having scored 47. and tbe Utter 42, which with the five points added equalled 47. For the Issue of the tie. seven rounds were to be fired from 400 yards, four points allowed to the Enfleld; bat the jolly mi]ler, with his email calibre and fine weapon, beat tbe undaunted sergeant by two points, ?.?.. two extra to the four allowed. In the small bore match the prizes were won first by Mr. Stark, seond by Lieutenant Scooter, and the third by Captain Rankine. The Photographio Company prize was won by Mr. M. Rankine. At the conclusion ot the matches, the firing lor places in the Sydney match took place. TESTIMONIAL SO. LADY DON. It is always a gratifying duty to chronicle tbe reward ! of merit, or recognition of talent, and it is therefore with pleasure tbat we have to refer to a very handsome ! present wbioh was made to lady Don by a, number of' friends on Tuesday morning. Her Ladyship has exer c eed a very healthy influemM on the stage during th. successful season which has just been brought 4o *> dose, and it was thought fitting, prior to leaving tbe shores of .-'outh Australia, to acknowledge in some tangible way the respect in which she is held as a lady, while, at the same time, recognising her undoubted talent and char acter as an aatress. A hint that a testimonial should be given to lady Don was accordingly at once taken up, and a considerable amount of money was at once sub scribed, with which a very handsome and superb ink stand and jewel case complete was purchased for Her Ladyship. 1 here was no formal presentation, but on Tuesday morning the testimonial was forwarded to Lady Don by Mr. S. Lazar, who had acted as Hou Secretary to the Fund, The inkstand is a very beautiful and elaborate piece of work obtained from the establishment of Mr. J. M Weudt, acd entirely of colonial ni?nufaeta: o. The base of tbe inkstand rests upon four shields formed of mala chite and set in silver, around which droop the flowers of tbe Sturt pea, which are worked in gold. On the ground ara represented figures of emus, kangaroo?, and does in gold, and two figures of nativca—one of them a man in the act of throwing a spear, and the other a lubra in a sitting position with a " picaninny" on her back. '1 heso are worked in oxydUed silver, and the rude garments usually worn by the blacks are of gold thrown in a negligg stylo around the figures. At either end of the stand rises a grass tree, the stems of which form the lids to the inkstand, which ate sunk into the base. The jewel cose is in the centre. It is a beautifully colored emu egg, appropriately mounted in silver and capped by an oxydised silver figure of a black swau. The interior of the egg is lined with crimson velvet. The whole will rest upon a colonial blackwood stand, and will be covered by a large glass case. On the whole, it is a most elaborate and creditable piece of workmanship. It weighs 85 ounces, stands 11 inches high, and is 16 inches in length. Ite cost was 100 guineas. The fol lowing terse inscription is placed upon it:—" Presented to Lady Don by the citisens of Adelaide as a token of respect and esteem." Lady Don left Adelaide on Tuesday to embark on board the Aldiuga, for Mebonrne- 