-1" :-... : snscEELuroona - . - Mr Rodwayftheisolicitor at Trowbridge who is acting for the defence -of Miss Constance Kent, writes 'to vindicate the Rev Arthur Wagner in the matter of the money alleged to have been given by the young lady to St Mary's Hospital Mr Wagner told Mr Rodway that a large sum had been ^placed to the box of the hospital by Miss Kent, and was requested by the latter gentleman to retaln it until itB*ppli; cation should be'-determined onl Mr- Wagner subsequently pud- the Amount toiMr KentV order lor the defence and benefit ofhis daughter. Mr 'Rodway adds, ""Mr Wagner: ; hBS never manifested any desire to retain this money for St Paul's .Church or St Maty'e -Hospital j. bot,' cos the cbntttnry, J has from the first expr^sed hia snxie^.tiiat it should'be Ased for the benefitof Miss Kent, and be jit the disposid of her family fbr that piupose." y • <>.- .;• ' The 'Boupell forgeries, it is ssid,are to be revived at ibe approadiin^ assixes : iat 'Chel ms^ ford. The case to 'be'trfKl was originally brought to recover an «8tate near Romford, Mr; Boupell, the hoir-at-law, lieing the -plaintiff He sought to Recover the jirpDerly' uon the gronnd that a deed «f 'gift, tinner which the estate had been conyi?yetf to William Bojupall during the lifetime of Ibis^father, wasa fttfgery. - •William Roupell, tormer y M.P..for laiiibeth; will be put in. the witnlssa-ljox, as , he was oh aprevious occasion, to'prove the forgery. : The': l>n>oertyin qurationamounte.^'^abiHrt^iESOb^ 000, and the point] raised is, whethir Qie": late M-P.'is telling the truth or cot JirhW4i'e*sara the' signature is a forgery..:Tf--file,plaintiff shonld obtain a verdict in his' fivoilr, the aeceesaiy result-will be that the whole of ithe vast property made away with."by Mr Houpell will revert to his family, and those who "have' paid their money ibr it wQl lose it-. .. ; .' . Theotherday, anEnglishaianpamedChartes'j Badge went into onB of the Dublui 'pohce: tations and acpused himself 6t murder. He said he had murdered Lady. Sheddeu, of Berkeley Castle, .in. January, 1841,'atad that Jie r had.'been tned for the cmnet»t Gloucester Assues in April of the same year »nd | 40-J S&' si 1 ^quitted. :AJre&rence; to the news[»pers of the urne-pioved 'that sutii • trial-had taken .pin prisoner woe detained in cnstody jmw me the police'coifld Cojmnunicate with-^tlie English authorities. This has been done,, and the answier from England is that tge iPriaonei; moving already been tried and acquittal on the .cnarge, another proscution cannot be insti-" tutcd. The result is that Rudge is .set at liberty. . ' ' The Conservatives, svys a contemporay writer of political gosBip, mean to 'make a desperate effort.'togain a majority^in the next Parliament Every city, borough, and county, wherever Conservatism haB - the ghost, of a chance, is to be contested. The time is come,' they feel, whbn they must win .the prize of office or give np all hope.of it for years to come, and no labour nor mouey will be spared ' "to gain their object But it is confidently asserted by the Government election r agents that the next Parliament will be very much like this, and if any change take place it will be in favour of the Government 