OUR LONDON LETTER. JOSE 26TH, 1865. The Percy of Hobart Town arrived io London on tbe 12th of this month. Every inhabitant of Tasmania will regret to hear that Bishop Willson, who was a passenger by her, had a paralytic stroke when off the Horn. Afterwards the voyage seemed to do him good, but on his arrival in England he was by no means in good health, and was far from having recovered. Mr Thomas Arnold, son of the late Dr Arnold of Rugby, and ten years ago inspector of schools in Tasmania, who about that time since was re ceived into tbe Roman Catholic Church, has reentered the English Church. Duringthe month anutber well-known convert to the Church of Borne, Mr Palgrave, sou of the late Sir Francis Palgrave, historian and keeper of the records, has publicly renounced bis profession of Catholicism and re-entered the Protestant church. Mr Palgrave was regarded as one of the most prominent men in Oxford some years ago. He became a convert to tbe Church of Bome, and subsequently a Jesuit. In that capacity be went on a secret political mission for the Emperor Napoleon into tbe haart of Arabia. He hes traversed that country more than any other living European, and Is pud to be the best Arabian scholar in England. His work on Arabia bas just appeared, and, in fact, is the great book of the year. Be completely upsets all our old notions of Arabia, as a great desert with a few wandering tribes, getting a living DO one knows how. He bids us think of a fertile and heautifiil country, surrounded by a belt of wretched burning sand, a country well governed, highly civilized, and capable like Japan of providing all its resources within itself. The elevation ot Or Manning to the Archbishopric of Westminster is ona ol the most i notable events of the year. Dr Manning would have been sure of success bad he remained in the English Church. Since he left Oxford be has always been a man of mark. It is generally understood that he is to be appointed Cardiial also. In him the Church of Rome possesses a very different type of man from that she possessed in Cardinal Wiseman. Tbe latter was dignified, stately and non- aggressive. Dr Manning enters into his work with all the zeal of a convert. The difference between the two is just the difference between the old English Catholics and tbe new converts from the English Church. The former have never cared to trouble other people about their views provided they were left to perfect freedom of worship and had granted to them ill their rights as Englishmen: the converts leave them far behind in zeal and are determined out of their fullness of love to convert all of us. Dr Manning tells us distinctly I that the greatest work ol the age is to be the roconversion of England, and about it he seems to be very hopeful. There arc no doubt a good many things which look favorable to him. Dr Gumming showed in a letter to the ' Times' that the Homm Catholics were increasing numerically in very considerable numbers. At the conseoration of the New Archbishop it is said that there were as many as a hundred priests in the church who had been members and moat of them also clergymen ol the KnglUh Church. Every month we hear of conversions, and such returns as tho°e of Misers Arnold and Palgrave tire rarel There is thisto he said however —that the conversions themselves are not made through any influence of the Church of Rome but through altogether exterior influences. She is not seeking men, lmt men are seeking her. The spread of. High Churchism throughout England i« ihe sreat snutce of RomaD Catholic increase. Everywhere j there are new practices being introduced into the English Church. Brother Ignatius with his worship of a wax doll on Good Friday and his crawling up to the altar is hardly an exag- gerated specimen of what is going Here, for example, is what is to be seen every Sunday in my own parish church which is very far irom being one of the worst in London, All the service is intoned. The litany is said by a priest kneeling in the middle of the church on the bare bricks. At every "gloria" in the Psalms the congregation bow down their heads while it is being sung. Duringthe communion service candles are lighted on the altar and kept burning during the whole time of "high communion," the choristers when passing ths altar invariably kneel; the altar itselt is furnished with a magnificent clotu richly cmblazoned, and on it stands a handsome crucifix. During the singing of the Nicene Creed, at the . words describing the incarnation many of the : congregation kneel. Tbe robes worn are first a : long straight black gown surmounted by < a very short white one, but afterwards we have a glimpse of green and a variety of; colours. I never go without being struck by t ic very artistic way in which during the communion service and after the sermon the priests : pose themselves before the altar. The rich altar cloth, the colored woods, the "chasubles" I' believe they are called, the rich tile formed back ground to the altar, the vases of flowers and the cross decked also with flowers form a tout ensemble which is not to be met with every day. The singing again is fine, although our grandmothers would be aB much puzzled with the " intriots" as Janet Geddes was with the collects, At the enmmeueement of the sermon instead «,f the collect and Lord's Prayer, all the congrcgation stand, the minister (who by the way \ preacheB in a surplice without any hood) raises his hand and pronounces the words "In the . name of the Fath, r, Son, and Holy Ghost; Amen." and then the sennon begins. You will see that there is no principle involved in this, but that like the cut of the dresses, and of the altar cloths it is done simply to make the Cln r:hof England like the Church of Home. Duringthe sermon, whenever the name Jesus is mentioned all bow What I have described is as . I have said not one of the most extreme : churclics. We have no incense, and the men ' and women arc allowed to sit together, instead of on different sides of the central aisle, as in some churches. 01 course, in all churches of this character the priests and choristers proceed to their places by walking in slow time round the ! church singing psalms to minor chants. j Ail this may he very pretty, but it can hardly be ' called protestantism, and when people got thus far and listen to transubstantiation or, to be 1 more precise, consub tantiation, it is hardly to be I wondered at that they should go where, after j all, tlicy manage this kind of tiling so very much ' better. 1 have been led t j writing aimut the ' English high cliutvh movement principally j because I wanted to thew that any increase iu J the Church ol llome is not to be wondeicd at- , One can admire a member of that church who ' goes in for the supremacy of the Pope, infal- i libility, and all thit Protestants protest against, ] but. it becomes sometimes difficult to he charitable enough to believe iu the honesty of men who, calling them-elves protestant, practice and teach everything that has been protested against, and that coustitutts protestantism. The war in America is over. The fleets are returning to the dock yards; the regiments are . bring rapidly disb mded and the soldiers arc , returning to the (arms, their desks, and their , counters. The finest sight seen in the world i since the disbaudmmt ot Cromwell's army is' beinu seen in America' The large volunteer | armiesofthc republic, for such most of them were, i are being quietly broken np, and America instead of having lo maintain tbe enormous military expenditure which is the load weighing down every country in Kurope practically disbands her army, sure in the country's, that is in her own, strength, that she will be able to raise it again whenever it may be wanted. With the cause of the South has perished the Southern party iu England. There arc a few fossil tories, who would be found to advocate protection and the house of Stuart, perhaps, who still maintain their defence of the South. But as a rule we are all Northerners together. The North has won, the North isu.ll that is good. The South bas lost, therefore slavery was wrong. Nothing succeeds like eueeei s, say our gallant allies, and so were all Northerners. A lew of us o doubt did abuse the North when we were told they were getting beaten, but that is all past; so hurrah for the North. Is there a reader in Tasmania who does not know that Lord Brougham was a supporter of the South. I have an 'Advertiser' by roe now, in which the noble lord's name is quoted properly enough as one who believed the North to be in the wrong. Hut the North has succeeded so, nous avons change tout cela, and a fortnight ago he announced in the Lords that he bad always been a firm believer in tbe justice ot the cause of the North, and an admirer of their institutions. The announcement, curiously perhaps, took men by surprise but no one can trust his memory in such a matter and Lord Brougham knows best no doubt. Only, those . • Only, then, in September,—what year does the reader guess ? 1864,—his lordshiphappened to make use of these words; "Some good men have been duped by the pretext that the North fight to free the slave, whereas the Emancipation edict was a mere belligerent measure, and an after thought; they caring no more for the freedom of the black than they do for that of the white. But it had been reserved for the latest a;t of the tragedy to see that Government when destitute of other troops drive herds of the unhappy negroes to slaughter with no more rcmorxe than sporting men feel in cleaning a preserve." How malicious to bring such a passage to light again! Bnt it is true that the North has the power of " duping" good men to believe in them, for they have even duped the noble lord himself. When sceptics, for there are sceptics even on euch a question as the, say memory, of even Lord Brougham, ventured in their infidelity to doubt what he bad said, the noble lord took the occasion, (last Monday) to give their doubts a quietus for ever by declaring in the House of Lords that, " the conduct of the United States Government had been perfect upon the subject of slavery, and he was astonished" (Kemember, Lord Brougham was astonished) at the utterly groundless reportswhich injudicious friends of the Union had propagated of him, at if he had taken the part of the slave tradere and slave- mongers ol the South." Thus, it is that we have all been duped and have all" become Northerners. The great Republic, however, is going steadily I on towards the completion of its work." Every rebel has surrendered. Tbe leaders are in prison, j Four uiillnna of slaves, amidst the applause of every civilised nation, have been set free. The | young giant nation governed, as Cobden said in ; the last speech he made. " by pu -e reason," bas ! settled do wu'fignin to its every day's work, and is wit- I nessing already the signs of that progress which j at its present rate of increase will within the lifei time of those now living, produce a nation of a hundred million free English speaking, English institution-loving men, in the States alone. With ail North America English, and with all A.usi tralia settled, the Anglo-Saxon race will, within j the next century, be a far more dominant race | than any which has ever existed in the world ; ' and while all these English nations date common existence from Magna Charta, it may now also be boasted of them that slavery is still the hateful and impossible thing which it has always been | held to he by the leaders of the race. | But the war over, the task of reconstruction is now beginning, and anyone who has heard or | seen anything of the demoralization which took place in the West Indies, alter the abolition of slavery will not need to be informed that the States have got a terribly difficult task before them. There is not an instance in the world's ! history of a race of slaves having been changed into a nation of free men without enormous difficulty. Moses tried it, but even he failed. Forty years had the Israelites to wander in the wilderness before they were fit to enter the Promised Land. Only two of those who had left Egypt were allowed to become free citizens of the Divinely established republic. The slave population sighed for the flesh pita of Egypt. The whole history of the world shows the same difficulty. Our emancipated ^ slaves in the West Indies are lazy, and are only of late years carina to amass property. In the Southern States" matters are worse, from the fact that their bondage has been much more severe, and that it has been a penal offence to give instructions to them, Then there is a good deal of ill-ieeliug towards the negroes by the Southerners, and by those in the North who have been sympathisers in the South. Even among those who have supported the government throughout the war it is quite creditable that there are those who may have been quite willing to engage in a war to do the simple act of justice of setting the men free, but who, at the same time, . have uo love for the negroes. Our navvies and ' street sweepers, chimney sweepers and lowest class of laborers have as much right to freedom ! as the peers themselves but still we would rather not go by train in the same carri igc with them. Tbe negro is the lowest class of laborer in America, and to make his case worse the treatment he has received at, the South has influenced many in the North, We may be sure of this, however,that the grand act of justice having been doneto him, the North will not neglect to fulfil its duty, though that duty should give lier trouble as it probably will for years to conic The triil of Jefferson Davi«, who it appears, wis caught in his wire's petticoat, has not yet taken place. It may be of interest to Tasmanians to know that the renegade rascal, Johu Mitchell, who when he made his escape from Tasmania, as soon as lie reached America published an account in which he gave the names of nil who had a«si ted him is noiv in New Yorl;, editing a southern paper the "Daily News." A few monthsagn he was in Richmond, editing the " Examiner." After the capture of that city he went to New York and is there stiii at his old work of abusing England anil endeavouring to bring about illieelitig between rhis c luniry and rijnerica. The evidence on which Johnson accused Davis of complicity in the assassination plot has been published. If the witnesses were trustworthy it would clearly establish his guilt. The gen-.'ral impression,even in America.secins to be that they are nnt. it is not worth while t > comment on the question until we have all the evidence before us. fhe North is dealing with all the rebels with great moderation and it iB not improbable that not a single one will he executed. It has been asserted that/>.tri9 has been heavily ironed, bnt the asertion rests solely oil the authority of the 'Mew York Daily News' the southern organ editid by the scoundrel Mitchell. Among the many expression of opin on which the Northern war has given rise to, one of the most eloquent is from the Count de Montalembert, the Frcuchmau whose eloquent pamphlet on England and her institutions created such admiration some four or five years ago. After showing that the war has been for the purpose of abolishing slavery hp cloqnently asks: But ought we indeed to rejoice and bless God for this victory ? I answer without hesitation- Yes 1 It is right to thank God, because a great nation has aroused itself and for ever purified itself fro n a hideous leprosy, which gave to every enemy of liberty a pretext and an argument for reviling it; because it is at this moment justifiiug all the hopes that were reposed in it; because we have need of it, and it is restored to us penitent, triumphant and saved. Yes, it is right to thank God, because that leprosy of slavery has disappeared under the sword of the conquerors of Richmond, extirpated for all future time from the only great nation, wh ch together with Spain, was still infected by it; because that great market of men is closed for ever and never more fur all future time upon the glorious continent of North America shall a humm being, made in the image of God, be set up to auction to be knocked down, and given over with his little ones, and with their mother as a prey to the caprice, the cruel selfishness, the infam ius gain, or (he vile passions of one of bis own species. Yes, it is a right to thank God, because in this great and terrible struggle between servitude and ireedom, treedom has remained victorious; freedom, which among ourselves has often been the victim of blunders, treachery, and disorders, and has so often been comprised and dishonored by false friends and unworthy champions, had great need of one of those great changes of fortune, which, perforce, open the eyes of all men to its inestimable importance. Yes, it is right, to thank God, because according to the moBt trustworthy testimony this victory has remained pure; because the good «wua has not been tarnished by any excess or stained by any crime; because its advocates have no.cause to blush for its soldiers nor its soldiers for* their chiefs, nor its chiefs for their fortune,nor fbrtune itself for having crowned base desires or wicked plots" The United States had formerly been spoken of by an illustrious Frenchman as "an infant in swaddling clothes" "Well, he replies " it is now our work to say this infant has grown up; it has become a man and that man is a giant. This people, the subject of scorn, misunderstanding calumnies, and ridicule, in a criseB the most terrible through which any nation could pass bas shown a degree of energy, self-devotion, intelligence and heroism whieh has put to shame its ill wishers and astounded the most ardent of its friends. It takes its place to day on tbe highest step among the great peoples of the world. Above all we used to be told the American people can never cariy on a war, and ii it does, whether valorous or conquered it will fall a prey to some fortunate general, some Buonaparte jvho will begin by being a dictator and end by being a despot, who will be called by his fellow-citizens to save them, and in exchange for saving them will demand what the Cassars demand, their honor aud their liberty. Upon this point at least the experiment bas been tried, and never was prediction more strikingly falsified. The Americans have been able to carry on a war. They have done it with an energy, a spirit, and a perseverance which no one can deny. They have not become the prey of any general, of any dictator, of any Cassar. They have carried on the most difficult and most terrible of all wars, a civil war. It has been on an immense scale. No modern nation, not revolutionary France itself, with its fourteen armies, has raised and hurled against the enemy forces BO large in proportion to the population, so well disciplined, so well equipped, so steady under fire. Mere tradesmen have lavished upon the requirements of the war, their wealth with as much prodigality as the English shopkeepers in their struggle a tainst Napoleon, and their childreu with a self sacrifice as heroic as that of France in 1792 in its struggle against Europe. This is the fiftieth year since Waterloo. It has been avenged. The blue ribbon of the turf; tbe Derby, has been won by Gladiateur a French horse. In addition the French, I am afraid, will defeat us in an exhibition which is to take place in a few weeks at the Crystal Palace Parliament is to he dissolved between the 5th and 8th July. Accordingly the newspapers are full of election news. It seems pretty clear that the next parliament will be composed of much the same men as those who compose the present. It has been asserted that Lord Palmerston is to resign and to be succeeded by, some say Earl Russell and some Earl Granville. In Westminster the supporters of John Stuart Mill have been compelled to go hand in hand with Captain Grosvenor, a man without brains, apparently without clear views on any subject whatever but with large family influence. In Lambeth, Air Hughes, author of "Tom Brown" is a candidate, with only, I fear, a dull prospect of success. Mr Ruskin is chairman of a committee, of which your correspondent is a member, for the support of Mr Hughes; but in spite ol the good wishes of the educated men throughout the borough I am very mncli afraid that as Mr Hughes will not give beer and spend money in the orthodox style he will he left No 3. I/ord Stinleyof Alderley, whose stupid proposal to raise the postage of letters to Australia created such an outburst of vexation a twelve month ago has again brought forward his scheme. The Loudon merchants want the present system of despatching the Indian mails changed ftr a weekly mail, and it appears l'rotn a reply given last Monday in the House of Commons tint the arrangement can be effected. As, however, it mu«t be extended ts China and Australia, it will cost about L35,000 a yeir, and Lard Stanley proposes to raise the money by making the postage via Southampton one shilling instead of sixpence and via Marseilles from ten pence to sixteenpence. The sooner Lord Stanley of Alderley is sent t Jericho the better. Such a tax, instead of increasing the revenue w iuld diminish the number of business letters sent, and put an end to threeloiirtlis of the private correspondence which is now being carried on, a id which is iking more to bind the Colonies and England together than all the dipiomicy in the world could effect. The Australian mail, to the best of my knowledge, has not yet been heard of. This morning we have a telegram from Suez, dated June 24, which mentions the arrival there of what I suppose is the May mail. 