! LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. ; The SPEAKER took tho ohair at twenty-six minutes past three. . ; , PETITION OF WM. GOODLET. . '. Mr. BYRNES, presented.a politlón. from William G-oodlot, of Parramatta, sloting that tho Government lind let to him tho tolls on tho" publié highways for 1804, and complaining that tho introduction of goods traffiu on tho railway had withdrawn from him lurgo profits. Ho prayed for relief under tho circumstances. CHURCH AND SCHOOL LANDS, BRAIDWOOD. Mr, ? MACPHERSON asked tho Secretary for Lands: 1. What was tho amount received during tho past year for licenses to dig gold on tho Church and School lnnds at Braidwood ? 2. Has this amonnt boon placed to tho credit of tho Church and School land fund ? 3. Aro any deductions mado from tho gross amount received; and, if so, what? ' 4. Is tho Ministor aware .that, if ho. chooses to lot theso aurifer- ous lands on ' a leaso from year to year, ho can obtain at least troblo tho rental at prosont netted by tho Government? ,Mr. ROBERTSON said: 1. It is estimated that about ¿ECO was collected in 1801 from persons digging in Church ond School landB in 'Jembaicumbene Crook on tho Shoalhaven district. 2. No minors rights aro nvailablo spooially for Church and School lands. Diggors hnvo therefore boen permitted to dig for igold on these lnnds under tho authority of ordinary minors' rights appHcablo to Orowh lands. No sepárate account is,or well can bo kopt pf minors' right receipts. A sum is therefore duo from 'tho general rovonuo to tho Church arid School landrovonuo, which can. only .be adjusted by making an ostimato. My attention having boen called to tho matter by ,my "honorable colloaguo Mr. Cowper, some years ¿go, it, was thought. tho oours'o mentioned would bo tho ouo least pbjocbonablo to tho Government 0. Tho amounts'received for minors'. ? rights aro paid into tho Treasury, .without deduction. ,4. Tho fourth question I behove you, Sir, will rulo , to bo out of order ns oxprossivo of opinion. . 1 Tho SPEAKER said tho fourth question referred to matter of opinion and could not bo put . I Mr. WILSON asked, without notico, whether thoro aro ,any minors working on tho Church and School lands ai Braidwood ? Mr. ROBERTSON said mining leases ; had boon issued. , THE LATE" ASSIZES AT GOULBURN. ! Mr. DE SALIS asked tho Attornoy-Goneral-1, Is Governmonta wara that his Honor tho Ohiof Justice broke up tho lato assizes nt Goulburn,'without Ilia' hearing ofl soveral civil cases awaiting his deoision ?. 2. Has his nonor assigned any valid oxouso for suoh omission ? 3.1 How aro tho litigants in tho cases referred to to bo indemnified for tho wnslo of.limo and mönoy occasioned to, thom, without any fault pf thoirs, by such omis- sion ? , '"* . , . I Mr. DARVALL Baid-T. The Government'is awftro 'tliat tho late oirouit at Goulburn carno , to a oloso, leav- ing two civil cases untried. 2. His. Honor tho' Chief Jiistico has not assigned any oxouso for such omission, nor has ho boon .called/ upon lo- do. so. 3. Ii am not aware of imv remedy -for tho oxponso incurred by dolay of'judicial procoodings. No complaint ha3 reaohod mb about this mattoe,. Tam,not i aware ot tho reasons rillógod' for tho . postponement of tiloso casca But I presumo tliat/thoro Wore Valid and Sufficient roasons-for-, tho coursa his Honor; thought flt t4 pursue . . . ». ? i I * . BLUE' BOOK AND REPORTS. - : < I -, I Mr.,.COWPER laid on tho tablé tho Blue Book for ,1801 ; also tho report of tho National Board for 1801 ; laud a report by tho' Shoriff on the working of . prison management in Victoria.'. ..".' .. .", ' , . .'*' [ Tho documents wore ordered to ho printed. "'.'?,;' FILLING IN OF DARLING HARBOUR, Mr. G ARRETT, at the request of Mr. Brown, asked the Secretary for Lands - 1. How much of the £10,000, authorised by the 27th, Victoria,No. 14, to be raised on loan for the filling in of Darling Harbour and Blackwattle Swamp, do the Government intend to appropriate towards the latter work, and when will it be commenced? 2. How much of the said, £10,000 will be absorbed by the contracts already, entered into for the work at Darling Harbour ? Mr. ARNOLD said the whole of the £10,000 referred to has been or will be expended in reclamation works on Darling Harbour. 3. The second question is suffi- ciently replied to by the answer to the first. RETURN. i Mr. ROBERTSON laid on tho-table aroturn under . ijiohond of roads other, .than, main toada-gratuity, to Mr. Fitzpatrick. ¿ ;,"'«. i i! '??:'?.'- Í, . , I Tho documont was ordered, to bo printed. I"' ' ORDERS' OF THE DAX. . I Tho orders of tho day for tho socond. roa'ding'of. tho Military: Contribution'Bill,-ond tho Stamp.Dutios.Bill were postponod till to-morrow (Thursday). ¡ . .- f; -; -, ,i ^SUPPLY. ; ", ? ""..v.- :; ' ., j Tho IIouso then wont into coinmittoo ot. supply, j Mr. DARVALL said tho estimate for tho ad : ministration < of'juslico. was 'raised from £-17,342 to , ¿£49,225-hoing an incrcaso 'ot.-nearly £2000. ' This was accounted _.for by.tho additional exponsos. .pf witnesses. /There was a'smbll ' saving effected'in solno 'offices. Ho would movo tho estimate pithorin «lobo or in detail-* as tho committee wishod. (Several voices:-" In globo"-"In'detail.") J Mr. DARVALD mbvodtho following item:- .' Law oflicors-of tho Crown' . ? .... ... ¿B1G30 ! Tho itom was carried, h ..j, ..! ' ?? I Mr. DARVALL movod tho following itom. : Supremo and ,Circuit Cpurts . . ... £10,010 Hosaid-tlioro wasi hero,.an incrcaso of nearly £2000: fho' wholo inoroaso was,caused hy additional ex- portées of witnesse?., :'. 1 ¡ Mr. DE SALIS said ho understood that tho appoint mont of a.fourth judgo/wasito boin placo nf tho Master in Equity.',' Thero wort rhrtny Abusos in tho Master's éfficoi; V ït was thoir duty,' ,to,rbfil30 thur itom, Ho' moved.tho roduotion of tho .ostimato. by tho sum of £1000. ' . ' '..*.' ,' ?' '.- ' '. : ?'' ' ' ' ! Mr. TUNKS, said.ho held' that tho office pf Master in Equity ought to bo abolished. Bul ho did' not seo his way to vote against this item. Ho would consent , (o;tliis volo if a'ftiodgo wérb.'giyçn hy tho Government 1 that there should bo à reform botweon , lins arid tho noxtBossion of Parliament From his own kuowledgo" ho. could say that siinplo. matters had bcon in that Pilleo for years.". . /t ' ? '.".",' . ' '.' j . ' '. " / I Mr. MACPHERSON said in this office triol-of casos by;interlocutory pvi'dencoif.wa8fistiU;'rptainod in -its entirety; conscquontly,in all'casos under ¿S1000, people, wcro afraid to go into tho court, of ^equity, (Monty* hoar.) iThis old rom nant ot tho worst feature of tho civil law still remained. Ho sincorely hopod that tho présont Attornoy-Gonorai; -or any futuro AltornOy Gonoral, (would be prepared to, introduce suoh an altera- tion as would 1 eriablo arWson-to: go' into a court and givo oral ovidonco. This dooision of oasoshy written' ovidonco was an absurdity. '. Ho could BOO no reason why oral'ovldbnco sltoithl'inot bblgiron. Tho nbsurdi {¡03 ot conveyancing, had, boon got rid of ,br Tprrons'L Aot, and there .^nV no 'nason why a similar reform should not bo mndP m ' cases taken boforo a court ot equity; Why"Bhoulil they not''simplify procoodings1 that woro of no advantngo but to Uiosorwho conducted t thom ?.">'Iho present »ystem jot ..taking ovidonco in equity, was;a disgraco to tho country.. - , I Mr. DE SALIS shid'if thorbwerb any trulh intho Btrttómonté of-Mr. l'itzliardingeí they ought nt onco to bbolieh tho'bfficohf:Master-ih EqUit)% i . '. [?/? ,'i . ; Mr. PIDDINGTON unid tho prefent incumbent ot tho Master's office was not obnoxious to tho complaints* inndo, nnd had not a bill boon introduced in nnolhcr. placo for tho purposo of abolishing tho offlco ? And I i must they not givo some . oompansatioxu to tho persoi htjbimg tito riffles 'of Master? . " v-.-w St.-rr i \- jllr. DARVALL said that Ulai dppnrtóont of Uio law lite others, . required a groat daul of reform, JIo Wai glad tho honorable member .(Mr. Do Salis) iiad brough forward a discussion, o3 tho result wbnld strengtnfai tlio hands of tho present or any futuro Government T{io present holder of tho oflico was a highly qualifie» parson.' Iiis reason for desirinerthú fourth; jndgo t< como from England was, that those cobwebs of ancien usage might bo elonrod away, and that snell judgi might introduce any improved practico that had hour, adopted in England, lt was a matter of groat anxiotj to! him that tho evils complained of by tho honorabli mbnibor (Mr. Macpherson) should a bo remedied. Mani things in tho ad ministration of justice required refonn.Hi admitió! that tho expenses of thc district judges wer. too largo. They could reduco tho number of thost judges. Ho thought their jurisdiction could also b( extended. They could relieve tho gaols of many pri sonora awaiting trial. During tho recess ho might, il possible, give his attention to amendments that could ba made in tho district courts, and master's office ; place some restrictions on tho challenging of juries ; and con- sider whether it would not bo desirable that no mn» should bo debarred from giving his own version of ' ii case, even in criminal casos, where tho accused could be subject to cross examination. : Mr. PIDDINGTON" said tho honorable and loamed gentleman had gono from tho subject, tho question wjhothor tho office : was to , bo, abolished or not ? All ho asked was, if that offioc wyis to .bo aboliahod? Ho understood - that a bil] lijid boon introduced in_ another place to abolish tho oflico;. if so, was a pension to bo granted? I Mr. DARVALL replied that the office was. to bc abolishod; but ,tho..Government had no intention tc create pcnsions_on tho"mqro uliolitiou.of an office. Tho present holder might bo otherwiso employed. Tho bill abolishing tho olH'o made no provision for a pension. Mr. MACPHERSON said it was of far mo-o'import anec to tho public to know whether it was tho intention of tho prcsont Govorntnont to iutroduco n bill for thc entire reformation of proceedings in equity, tho short- ening of thoso proceedings, and tho lessoning tho ex- penses of suitors? : Mr. DARVALL said tho measure introduced for tho abolition of the.offico was of that character, and it was tho intention of tho Govommont to simplify proceed- ings in equity. ' (Hear, hear.) ¡ Tho item was then passed. ' Mr. DARVALL moved tho adoption of tho following item :- . . Sheriff's Department ... ' ... ; £0020 : Tho item was carried. ' ? Mr. DARVALL movod.iho following item :?-' Insolvent Court , ... ... ..; £1155 Tho item was passed. . Mr. DARVALL moved tho following items: - ! Districts Courts Metropolitan nnd Coast District ... ... £8510 Soulhorn District ... 900 Sputh-wcstorn District ... ;.. 820 Western District \ ' ... ...j' " '920 Northern'District . ... 815 Hunter Rivor District . ... ... 1,010 Travelling oxponsos of Judges, icc. ... 3,100 ! £11,171 t Mr. MACPHERSON thought somo alteration ought to bo mado Mn tho location of, some of tho. judgos. Somo of tho judgos had littlo to do, others were ovor workod.'. Ho hoped that tlio now, jndgo expaoted. would niako somo beneficial alterations witli refcrenco to tho district court judges, , . ... , I Mr. LEE did not riso to oppose tho item; but'ho thought tho creation of tho district courts had'failod in tho good oxpneted from thom.. Thoy had .created moro Bpcculativo actions than carried cheap justice, tb'ovary man's door. Mr. DARVALL said several eossions ago ho had in- troduced a measure to .reform, tho district courts, and. ho had roocivod much assistance and . advico ..which differed so much that ho could not accept it ; howovor, somo alterations might bo mado. Ho thought ,thoro should be ono judge less, but it was undosirablo.until a vacancy occurred. I Mr. LUCAS objocted. to dUtriot courts, bocauso tho expenses woro as great ns in tho Supremo Court, ospeclally whore a barrister was omployod. Aiid if an attornoy was omployod in thoso couria ho was gonorally Bnubbod by n barrister. Yot tito attornoy did tho work îpv throo guinoas.' Ho hopod tho Bticklors for free trhdo would not.nllow such prolcctiqn as that, "'? .'?.-' I Mr. MACPHERSON thoiiirht there wera,maiiy dis- putes that could bo sottlotlhy-thaadvicoof ó, woll known barrister, although hiB foo might bo high. It was tho fag end of tho.' profession,- who wont into tho- coun- try tq practiso, lliat catisod so much litigation.-; ; j Mr. STIMPSON said tho court at Carcoar hod'boon withdrawn.- A'great deal of inoon vonioriöo was caused Uy tiiis withdrawal. Ho bopod tho Govornmoht would re-establish" this coiirt. " '' "'"" ,,.'0',,' I Mr; CUMMINGS said tho judgo had taken.tko oourt away from Carcoar merely from his own fanoy. It \jras, nVgrba't' onrrihgémçht ph tho Viglite'of thox pe'óplo/ The judgo had lots of timo,'tb hold/, .tho court'àt' £ai¿ char.'* Ho hoped'tho Govommont would doi justice to. tho bbbplo of Carcoar.; .," ':V ; .'.';'.! w j Mri DE .SALTS moutionb'd a, caio"whitjh;suowo'd'tho monopoly prevailing in tho courts., A rich neighbour wántcd'to tyrannise over a'poor-forcignor,'«- Borvttut of lils (Mri,'Dd $alU}/' ' Tho^man'was'>;S.#M^.''sjdlór: tvho tvnsiuttoiiy ignorant: bf J English,.,and unable to p'load.his owi^causo. Ho (Mr.. Do Salis), ns"'his master, said ,.'lto..was wilting, to\á^''n\^4'laá^.,Vú.t,'.¡frUs^not Allowed to do BO. ,."/. ?.?/.'. ,-''; Aii',;i..,ii '?: "Mr.' DIGNAM Bnid thoro was n fooling in tho country, thal;, thoy did not bnjoy ,tlio benefits- intondod1 tjy. tlio'Districts Courts Act,'- The judges','in' fifty-two wooka, did hot do twenty-four wooka duty, i Thoy' had oj lifo bf- ploaiuro compared with Uib Supremo Court iudgCS. , ': '/iv - i.-- ?? : -.1 «.( ..p f.-, -.. ;'Í--'',".,[ ?.? 'i'.' 'i ÍMr. STIMPSON said lhere was a. niuohi.. largor, tmbor of landowners, in. tho dUtrict of Carcoar now au.whon;tliO:d¡8tf¡ct court was jvithdrawn. . I Mr.DARVÁLL said nriv pctition.froin..tho..inhab'it antaof Carcoar "would, rocotvo-' ovory attention, ab: Hie hancla.ot- tlie''.Go.yo'rnmenr.-,; Ho'./.muat say- that'tho jjudgo, i£ desirous of .wasting his time,', would, bo'glad'lo go backwards and forwards, to Carcoar, and . do. no «usines*?; It must; hqvo boon dqno from consoiontions motivos., i TJio state bf Ulinga ,,niight now bö nltcro'd. As to oxponsos, ho thought, it --would'porfiaps bo bolter to allow no--obste at all.1 : Whon'ho; was inliondon ho attended: a court whore tho judgo -Bottled a thousand ea'sos. iii .a ..month. Not orto case" inv tvvbnty lind -a - professional . ¿ian , ..nt nil...' ! Ho ¿otllod.o cascgonorall^in about flvo minutes.- If. they gavo .iio'costti at all, would that oncourago poopló' to resist .just claims ? Ho hoUVlh'nt lá\v should' bo4 ád ministeród -by. tho -State, - without < tho intorvention ot profc?8Íonal níeni, Tho cases ho referred to |n London werofor 0d.,:ls., 2s.'Cdi' Ho.did not eeo'why. .a'hian should hnvo to pay coate-to his adversary unlosa Vihoro waa aK iniquitous defoncc. Ho ought not to pay'a' ponnlty for getting thoojiinion of a court... But. ns for admitting unprofessional, pooplo to practice, it would Ciittso grcnt'wnsto of timo, and entail great oxpenso on tho! country. Ho hoped they* would not. allow: un-', professional pooplo to toko up .tho limn of tho wurt,,'.',1 ; Mr. DRIVER said'thoro waa a still greater evil-tho immciiBo fees td "cotiuBol iii tho Supremo Court. Ina case now pending, fifty guineas wore paid to oach of tho counsel on ono sidbi ; (A lough') ?If-theyobjcotod to o poor country attorney drawing his fivo güincas, what could lio said to . tho oliargo of fifty guinoas. to.counaol in tho Supreme Court ? (Honr, hear, and a lough.) Why was tho poor suitor, in Sydnoy compelled to pay such enormous feit»? ; Perhaps thoilcärriod Attornöy-Cienoral, instead of introducing a bill'to do n way with Ibo small foes iii tho' country,' would turn his'attention to the .' diniinutioii, ., of . i, tho únmbnsói ' feos ' taltonj, in' * tho ? Supremo - Court . . in. Sydnoy. Tho ordinary oxpensp' of an undofonded caso in tho Distriot Coiirt,'Sydnoy,, was £3 10i' Unloss an attor- ney had n very- extensivo' practico, indeed,, in tho Dis- trict,Court, ho could nót got'a living. ' I Mr. HANNELL sájil a i caso occurred rocently at fiowcastlo, in which n poor man suod tho corporation. Tho CBBP was undefended. Tho man gninod his claim for'£10; and Hip attbrnby's bill catho to'two-lhirds of tho amount. Tho mai» was obliged to "eubniit to this bxtorlion; or go without his money. -. ? . ¡i .. i Mr. MACPHERSON ,said ,tho objpotloii ,of "tho learned Altomóy-Gonoral to tho prolixity, of unprofes- sional pleading in tho district coutte, appeared to him tho height of absurdity.',' Why tito1 Very lifo and soul bf tho profession was prolixity.. ! Mr. DE SALIS said yesterday they- had a discussion respoeting tho appointment bf nn inspector of prisons, Ho should bo. .willing toi grant as many,thousands os they wcro proposing hundreds toon inspector of tho Jaw. " Tho item was then'pissed. , ; Mr. DARVALL movod tho following item :- . c. (Quarter Sessions- ?' . - .' -...' .> .£10,714 ; iTboitem wnscarriotl.; . .. ,.. , 7 M^r. DAR VAIJL moved ibo following item:-' Coroners' Inquests ... ... ... £&,280 Tho item was carried. ¡Mr, MACPHERSON wished to know whether i magistrate in tko interior lind the nemo powor to sum 'mon a jury in cases of murder as was granted tc co roners. Ho gavo instances whero murders had taker place, and tho magistrate had felt himself jrawcrless t( summon a jury to assist him in his deliberations. ; Mr. DARVALL roplied that a justice could nol moko n coroner's intpiiry, but ho could adopt measure; to call persons to nssist him in his deliberations. Ar expense would probably bo iocurrcd, but in cases when au information was laid a justico might havo thopowei to call in assistance in cases of sudden death. ,Mr DARVALL ruoyed tho following item : Court of Claims ... ... ... £10C The ¡tom was carried. Mr, SMART moved the following item: Treasury Department ... ... ... £7538 Tho ¡tom was earriod. Mr. SMART moved tho following ¡tom : Customs Dcpnrtmont ... ... .;.£27,10C ;Mr. MACPHERSON said it was most strango there should bo no fewer than seven customs officers pro- vided for, when ¡t was not known by whom tho ' dues whereto bo collected. "Were the peoplo of Riverin» to bo taxed four times ? If tho colony of Victoria was to collect tho dues, why próvido for officers for tho border brandi ? Ho would move tho omission of tho whole items under tho border branch. ! Mr. SMART said that tho honornblo member know that tho estimates wera prepared in March last, and he could not then havo provided fer reductions which took placo in April. Ho could assure tho llonso that if tho salaries were not required they.would not bo spent ! Mr. MATE asked if tho officers would bo removed at tho end of twolvo months. . Mr. SMART said that thoy might stop thero ns long ns tho Govornmont thought they were required. Tho suggestion as to tho withdrawal was made by him with .adview to oconomy. They stopped thero to check with "Victoria tho amount of customs duties coming to Now South AVnles for tho twolvo months. ' : Mr. MATE said . that ofter tho twclvo months, Victoria having her officers there, could bring ovor her "wines without coat ¡ Mr. SMART said that during tho first twolvo months tho wines produced in Victoria paid duties that would equal rates of duties collected during tho two following years. Tho Government of Now South .Wales would havo credit for oil dutiable goods that crossed tho river. ; Mr. MACPHERSON was ono of thoso who thanked God that thoso treaties wore not yot tho law of tho land, or that thoy ever would bo tho law ot tho land. Ho boliovod that ths Govornmont had nssontod to n downright crimo in'coming to such an agreement Ho boliovod that they were attempting to blind tho country by saying that thoy had como lo au arrange- ment of tho kind. Tho treaty might bo a matter of paper, but ho did not boliovo thoy would ever carry out its iniquitous and absurd terms. Ho did not thinl: that voting against tho salaries of thoso officers would ruoot tho groat question nt issue. ! Mr. LEE thought that tho arguments of honornblo njiorhbors against tho treaty entered into should ' bo resorvod until a bill bearing upon. tho niattor was introduced into tho nouse. - , ' ? i Mr. LUCAS nskod it any account'would bo taken of tjio wino that passed from Albury to Victoria. ?' . '! ; Mr, WILSON said tho Victorian producer irqpot'tqd Iiis Broods undor tho treaty into Now South' Wales freo of chargo, whilo throb shillings per gallon was ohargod , to tho producer who imported froin Now South Wales into Viotbriu.' " ' ?' ' ' . ' : ' , Mr. SMART said for all dutiablo goods convoyed across tho Border into Now .South Wales, whether , colonial or ! foreign, Victoria must pay Now South Wales tho duty. Tho "nott balanco" is thus arrived at-that on goods that havo' paid duty,'in tho event of hoing returned to Victoria in tho samo ' packages, .tho duty will ho re-paid by this colony, to Viotorio." Mr. WILSON Said tho wino grower of Victoria ' would' sond his wino into Now South Wolosfroo of duty.. But tho wino-growor of this colony must pay a duty of 3s. Tho wino produced in Victoria comos into this colony freo of duty os. far as tho prpducor is con- cerned. Thoy could .not imposo a duty oh! winos produced in 'Victoria and imported into this colony. , Victoria lind ho law by which sho could impose a-duty oh'wino leaving "that colony for.this. ? Tho treaty was iniquitous, and to tho 'inhabitants of tho Murray-hioBt unfair. . ' ,1 ';. '' . 1 .. ;, ". .' ' ' Mr. JOSEPH said thorp-would bc no actual col- lection of duties, as far as Now'South :Walos;wns concerned at. alb' But Neiv South Wales colonists'go ¡pto Victoria and buy goods duty paid,'just às won.done boforo orly restriction was imposed. '?1 Tho concession! tho Now South' Walos 'Governmbnt had obtained was gi-nntod for tho removal of our cuslom-housós.1 Vittoria was to allow to vis a rebato of duty ncebrding'to tho' oxisting tariff 'of Now'' South : Wales. ''And tho official1 duties of tho ' custom" liouso ' 'offioers- would oprjso,, but, thoy would ;' ho retained ' ,.for ',tho. purpose of taking an invontory'of all- gbpds 'ooming oivôr -tho Murray ¡' so ns td form bh óstimnlo' bf tho rebatolobb paid by Victoria to' this colony." (Hoar,, .honn") How could-wino 'goiriir''out of' New South 'Wales into.'Victbria bo'imported into a älbuso'roferring' tb tho rebatió on duty ori'gboda' coming into' 'Now South' Wàlos,? That duty' epuldhot be a balanco against-tho 'rebato ' duo from' Victoria."' to ' ? New . South « Wales.'' '.Ho" porfoclly 'agreed : with ,lho:' remarks alf , tho honornblo rnorabcr/ (Mr.; Wilson) ' ns to' tho .inequality 'upon tho'" wjù'b'growing interest Wilie' going but of this colony hod to pay tho duty of Vic- toria:,-'. Wino coming iii lind td pay tho.' duty of New South Wales j'but. tlio Victorian Governmcht'.wpuld [my that duty,' riot tho producer or cbnsunvor, (Hear.) Victoria would pay tho rovénuo, tho duty, but tho eon-1 Huniorahd producer would pay tho duty on wino grown iii Now Sbuth Walos. 'There .is,, thfereforb, a protective 'duty on 'Victoria r'Tfor ho? ''. ' own-1 . wirier growers, but this-. would ' not '?' interioro with tliÄ rbvotiuo of Now": South' 'Wdlçs.' i It ' would bring wino grown oil thii othor aldo of- tho Murray into' Competition with wino grow.n on-this''side. Wine- growers m nil parla of loft, colony ,'wèrô' subject to tho Samo duty.. If wino was- s^nt front.'tho district of filip Huhlor to Molbburho' it must pay a duty j itwasi tho ^anio in going to Adolaidé.'1 OHear/dieár.) As wo-cullbd-' out to -Victoria;-" You-shan'trsond-your goods noross onr bordor without, paying,, duties..they had a fight; lo Bay: tho samp,¡,tq ¡jus.wll (Hear,-..hoar.'), Ho romemborod a; short tïmo agp," a'quantity of colo- nial wino was exported,;aa sb, niauy cashs of^wirio,. A drawback was.obtainodii ,Thb. arrangement in relation; to South Australia needed alteration., (Hoar, hear.) 'ito did not Bjo how, whon a, vessol was proceeding np tho Murray to tho Darling, .th? Government of Now South Wales could autlioriso any other iGpwrumont lo lovy duties in our territory. .Tho groat 'safeguard was that legislation must bo talton on tho matter. <", . , I Mr, LUCAS : said .according' lp . tho ;üorioráblp member tho-, Victorian -wino ' grower i got'. SJ. a gallon ovor our .'own. Tno PPPplo,,of Victoria woro, moro anxious to assist thoir own producers Ibim lo assist Now South Walos. Our producers would ;¡áy, ,3s. j »nd , tho Government of Violaria would only pay our G,ov érnmont 2s. It would bo botter to, givo up tho : 2s. from our rovonuo, and that would savo our producers 8s .??..?.: i- ? .. - f. ? . .., 1 Mr. JOSEPH said :i£;1 tho . Viotorian Government chose toprotoct tliolr .wino growers, . that was no; reason why our Govornmont should prpteot pur wino growers at tho oxpenso of tho community., j , J, :.: , ! - Mr LUCAS said ho, did: not seo ,why this Govern- ment should onter into a treaty with tho,Government of Victoria to enable them to proteot thoir wino growers at tho oxpenso of ours, .." .:.:.'... ,;. 1 \ Mr. DE . SALIS .said really _and_ truly Victoria was giving a bounty.on wino;growing in that oolouy. ' . ;, : Mr. iTUNKS said it tlioro, was no protection ; affordod' to tho wino growers bf . this colony, by a tax on-wino conting from .-Victoria, they .would , bo injuring their own trade. ..;tV.,r i , j - Mr.'ARNOLD, thought, honorablo members wcro arguing on a state of things that could not arise Ho boliovod Ibo Wino prmlucors resided on tho Now South South Wales sido, of I tho Murray. ¡Up lo tho prosant limo tho market of Victoria lind been suppliod by Uio wino producers north of Sydnoy, Camdon, tho Hunter, and other places in. tho. interior. Was it, to bo sup- posed that ono class . of wino producers should bo charged a duty of Ss,, and another class to bo oxompt With rofcronco to tho agreement on tho Border ; cus- toms, they woro morely rough notos. Tho; spirit pf tho agreement was that Victoria should stand in tho placo 'of Now South Waloa in .tho collection ot tho.:duties¡ not to do what New South Wales could not do, but lo nat and do for Now South Walos what sho could do herself. If.it was convonicnt that such should bo tho paso, ho could soo no reason to objoot to detail, i It was understood that duties should bu taken from both und tho balance adjusted; afterwards. 'Clio agreement pf itself waa nothing. An:Act of Parliament would hnvo: jto confirm it'j:nnd:ho thought it was prematuro ot pro* ,8011t to dismiss tho question. (Hoar, hoar.) i Mr. MATE; was surprised that tho agreement, ] botweoh tho two Govcmmonts'should hayo boon Ironled BO lightly. Throo different Ministem, had givon thrco ¡ different opinions on tho clauses. A telegram lind' actually appeared to-day, saying tho agreement was 1 confirmed. . White thia colony had to pay 8s. a gallon tlié colony of Victoria paid only 2s. per gallon. ' ; ¡ / duty waanlso paid on oats. Ho believed tlio people o Itiverina would not bo satisfied unless they had j ut tia dono them. Mr. CUMMINGS could seo no reason why tho pcopli of Victoria should not pay a duty on winos importet from this colony according to tho Victorian tariff, am that this colony should pay a duty on wines importci by tho Murray according "to tho tariff of this colony Lot there bo no protection, but free trade The honor ahlo gentleman (Mr. Mato ought not to havo thron tened a civil war in tho south-western district. Tl« question was frivolous, and ought not to bo discussed ai present Formerly they paid no duties, and now, nftei receiving groat benofits,"thoy complained. Mr. "WILSON reminded tho honorable member (Mr Cummings) that tho question was not so frivolous. H it had applied specially to East Mncqunrio, ho (Mr. Cummings) would havo been ready to dio on tho llooi of tho House rather than submit to it. Mr. PIDDINGTON said that was the first tima that nn attempt had beon mado to impose a duty on wino, They must bo prepared for nny alteration in tho tarifl of Victoria. That colony appoarcd to ho adopting free trado principles. They must also consider that during tho experimental year an account was to Ito taken, nf lei which tho custom's officers of Now South Waloa were to bo withdrawn. It would savo much discussion if tlio honorablo tho Colonial Treasurer were to Bay when a bill would bo iutroducod. ' Mr. SMART : "Wo cannot tell bocauso 'tho prelimi- naries have not boon settled. Mr. PIDDINGTON thought that any delay might be tho causo of great hardship to tho pooplo on tho Border. Tho item was then corriotl. Mr. SMART moved tho following item : Colonial distilleries mid refineries .:. ... £2915 Mr. DRIVER moved tho omission of tho item £150, salary for tho ohief inspoctor of refineries. ' Mr. JOS Rr 1 ISON OBkod if tho offices of chiof in- spector of distilleries and chiof inspector of refineries wore filled by tito ono porson. Mr. SMART said thnt they wore, and that on tho officer receiving tho additional duties ho was awarded additional salary, and had to incronso tho amount of his securities. < Mr. PIDDINGTON thought that tho offlco of ohief inspeotor of . .distilleries was somewhat connected with tho offico of. chiof inspector of retinónos, and thal conse- quently scarcely auy. .additional duties.had been iiu poRod. ... ... ... ' Mr. SMART again explained;. Mr. LUCAS.nskod if tho ofilcor gnvo moro time to his duties than when ho was. in receipt of £500 per nnnum. Ho moved that tho item of £500 be roducod by £150. , . -, Mr. DRIVER withdraw his amendment ; Mr, PIDDINGTON" said that the Colonial Treasurer had stated that sinco tho assumption of tho additional dutioB, tho ofTtcor had gi von additional security. Mr. SMn,|t.T hoped tho committee would notxoduco tho item, tho ofilcor was a vory^old 'servant ot tho Gov- ernment and well desorvod tho amounts sot down for him. ? . . i .Mr. JOSEPHSON hoped tho cominittoo would not agree to tho reduction of tlio'itom. ' ' Mr. LUCAS said tho itom wAs ari increase of £150. But if tho committoo. would allow him ho would amond lu's amendment, nnd inovo thb reduction ot tho item by £100, and^ho ofilcor would then havo anincreasoof £50 por annum. ' i Mr. CUNNEEN -said that' tho' Houso could not .reasonably, consent to tho increase. ' Tho ofilcor had ¡£500 n-yöär for overlooking four othor inspectors, rind 'thoy woro asked to establish n sincouro of £150 par annum. It was really, squandering tho publio money. Ho would votb for tho omission of tho £150,' thby did without tho oxpondituro of tho £150 lost year, and why could thoy not do without it this year .'.. i Mr: SMART said that tho' officer had not 'tho ad- ditional duties, to porform last year; and ho had onterod tho Government service under a promiso of obtaining an increase. - ?' ' ?? .''?..''. ' ; Mr. "WILSON bolipvod that there was, no officer under Gbvornmbnt moro oxpoaod to ,'grent'temptation than tho ofilcor in question, and thoy ehould givo him /i.salary that .wouldpiuco him abpvo rcasonablo tempta- tion, ;. . .', .. . : "; " ' Tho amondmont was put and nogalivod. Mr. DRIVER moved tho omission, of tho item £150 for"chiot inflpoctor'of rofinorics. ; 1 . " '. , Tho áinoudmoüt.was nogativod' on a; division by 20 to m ' "., " '. . . ?'"' '. " . MR DRIVER said , that'tho hoad ,'of tho establish- ment recoi ved nn increase, of £150 por, annum; and ho now saw that tho salary of tho unfortunate watchman waa reduced by £10. . ., '' t] ? "? ''. '' ''. j The itom, os rood,Was agreed to.' '.'« . ' , : Mr, SMART.movod tho following item :- , .. ?" ' Sydhby, Branch of tho Royal Mint .',.... £14,120, I Mr.'.RODD thought thby. could well afford to reduco thb working charges of. 'tho Mint. t . ,Ho found thàt' for brio ton; was, .chbrgod 7, guinean.' .Trying a small quantity .ot quartz, would, wlthoxppnaps' of oonVoyance,' cost 10 or 12 guineas, 'J . . 1 ?1 v1 ? ' , i Mr. ^MARTjsaid, tlio doputitioh'which', liad, waited on', liini' that morning liad, received his' consideration;1 ,It s'oPmod' to' .him an unfair ehnrgb on'cojoninl gold; ;and' Ito woidd. equalise , iho ohmves,,' As' to'quarti; ortlsliing, tho Mint only charged what it '.aotunlly cost ,lhbm." ' .' ?? ? .,<? ? :.:<?< \- '_ ; Mr.,PIDDINGTON aakod whether' tho balary of ,£1100 was tb"bo\p;i(tl. Ho '.understood tho Deputy Master of tho',Mfnt had loft tho colony., . Iib 'wished to know, also, itt what position tho'houBO 'at Dawes' point stood.' " ': ''' ;' 1 . .'' ' "'; ?' : ' ; ' ?' '.''.. ' 1 ' ' , ' Mr. SMART, said Colonel."Ward lind obtained' loavo of absence .'for,: twdl.ro! months; onhaif' salary.' Tho houso nt Dawes' Point wai pub|io.propottyi. '; ..'.'' ' ; Mr'.' WILSON" said as to' tho houso.1.at,,Dawes' battery, was it¡: dosignod, as i a,residencefor, a'.'naval offjeor?' .Thorpwas ovpry,, probability of thd naval forco boirijr itvqch increased. . , Tho ofilcor would noOtl,a liouso in Sydney ; and nbhb , was . inoro ,Buitablo thon1' that ot Dawes' Point As',! to quartz:cruBhtng, tlio Mint charged moro for gold;'tho.'produce of.Now. South Walas) than for foreign.; gold. , :This distinction whs, made! witli'a yipw of ' protecting- tho Mint . Thorp was rio hood for this difference,' now.,, '..Willi regard,tb tlio 'riuorte;.crushing, it,wos -understood' that, tho-Mint ohnrgod no moro than tho actual coat And when It was Bbown that parties wore not in' a position to .pay, it was crushctl gratuitously.' (Hoar.)' -..«>,.. , I Mr. DONNELLY said ho,.was surprised ? it. tho stilomont of the honorable Treasurer, that lib was ¡tot aware ;..of tho difiererico in 'tho'charges on kolonial and , foreign gold. ' Ho would' liko tp'.know what bocqmo of tho ohLcruoiblos and other materials used in tho Mint. A ,lnri{P portion of gold adhered to any r/iatprial used in, working it. ,. Tho ; charge Tor crushing Vt. tho Stint was rather high.,,. Ho (Mr. Donnolly) did.'it at raubh lesa than £7 a ton. . .., ". ,.'. ,. ... "'V i'.. ',. i Mr. CQWPÉBj said that understanding .that tho Commodore, required quarters, bn land,' a coinmünioa-. tion had .been onterod ', into toj uncertain whothor ho would liko., lo .hara tho .houso' at Dawes's .Battery, in tho nbaonbo.of Coloijol Ward. ,Tlib Cbmmodoro doclincd on tho ground, Hint it would not bo worth his while to bcoupy .Uio houao na o temporary abode. Tho houso in tho meanümowas vacant,! ? , . i ; ... i Tho item, was then passed. .' ';. .Mr. SMART, moved tho folio>ying item, which was passod without debato. ... . j , , . , Gold receivers .' ... . , , ... £150 Mr. SMART movod tho following estimate :- ' ' Post ofilco\Department ... ... £110,108 j .Mr. -, LEE asked what s topa had been!.taken for prosequling further inquiry into tlio working bf '.his tloparlmont There^w'as .something radically; wrong in tho management. And in his opinion tho mismanage-1 mont nroso from tho want of a vigorous head. , 'lhere Was ono item roforring to tho town of West Maitland. Tliero wore two lotter carrior's for West Mnitland, It was impossible for ono person tb doli vor 'tho loiters in that town. Forego was only allpwod for one.' ,Mr. COWPER, endorsed tlie opinion of Mr, Loo na to tho necosaity of a thorbuftli ,inybstignlion. Ho know of a monoy lotter for £110 hoing rocantly missent, insomowar. .' Mr. DRIVER called attention lo'tho posUofilco. nt Bathurst - Tho postmaster, there had boon offered £200 Îier annum for his liouso. Ho was allowed only £150 or rent nnd salary too. It wonld bo impossible to get an efficient postmaster in Bathurst on such 'forms. Provision should bo tnadp for proper poat-oiHco .bùild illR". ' ' , ' . Mri SMART said tho cases referred to Bhotild bo in- vestigated. . Sinco, tho doolh ot tho lottcr-enrrior, Williams, very few loiters had boon missing. ' Tho foiv caaos of which ' complaint lind been atado, .were now Hinder investigation. This department had ''almost grown beyond tlio control of;tho ollloers. Tho 'revenue waa not what it should bo. Somo organic , chango would toko phire shortly. - ' Mr. CUMMINCIS. soul if any floss ot publio ofiloora . wera underpaid, it was tho'postmasters in' tllp'coiintry. 'towns. Many of thom hud no moro 'flinn £12 a yeah1' They ought to havo a reasonable salary, lu many places thoro trag really no post-office. In Sofala (lie post-office was a misornblo place-a mero shod. Money hod boen stolen out of it. Tho men who lost their money thus had a claim on the Government. As there was a thousand pounds extra on this estimate, ho hoped tlie Treasurer will soo to ita fair distribution. Mr. JOSEPH was glad to find nllusion had been mado to post-oftico robberies. Ho hoped tho offenders would bo discovered and punished. But ho thought that tho post-oflico would not work well until tho head or tho post-ollico hud tho appointment of his own subordinates. It appeared most of tho delinquencies had lioon perpetrated by tho nu fortunato man Williams, who died ; yet representations wore previously made to tho Postmaster-General us to tho honesty of that lotter carrier, and ho had not tho power to remove him, as Williams liad been appointed by tho Treasurer. Ho hoped some, investigation would talco pince, aud soma means devised fur tho safo delivery of tho mails. Mr. WILSON wished to ask tho honorablo tho Colonial 'Treasurer when tho new post-ollico would ho begun ? Tho present ono was unfit for tho purpose Mr. SMART quito agreed that tho present post office was unsuitable ; but thoy had not funds to build a now one. It was contemplated to put tho old post-, offico in George-street in n state of repair. Tho Colonial Architect had prepared plans, and as soon ns tho neces- sary funds wero voled a commencement would bo mudo -perhaps next week-to completo tho nouossary altera- tions ns speedily as possible. Mr. BURDEKIN said ns tho post-ofilco was under consideration, ho would draw attention to tho practico of altering tho time table, n practice exercised by tho post-office, which somotimcs caused tho loss of a consi- derable sum of monoy. Tho timo tublo ought to bo fixed, and tho mails should bo delivered according to that timo table. Mr. SMART: It cannot bo dona ;Mr. BURDEKIN thought whore distance was known, such as that to Bathurst and Orango, tho timo in, which tho mail must bo carried ought to bo stated. Somo contractors had an ndvnntogo ovor others. ? Mr. SMART said tho limo labio was prepared for tho year long before tho contracts wore taken, and no altera- tion lind been found necessary on tho main roads. On tho minor roads tho , Post mnstor-Genornl was always ready to adopt suggestions from local postmasters, lt was not intended to pur cliaso any land in Goorgo-streot There was a píceo of land purchased in Pitt slrcot As soon as tho post-, ., offico in Georgo-street was put in order, business would ba there resumed, aud thora would bo access by a Jane ? from Pitt-street. j Mr. WILSON could not agroo with tho dosiro.of. , tho1 honorablo member (Mr. Burdekin), wishing a speci- : fie timo to bo llxod by tho Government at- which tho mails should bo convoyod from nineo to placo. In soma , parts of tho colony.that might bo practicable, in other iiarts it could not bo done. Romo roads were bad, , .loods and wnnt of bridges dolnyoil tho mail ia somo places. , Alterations in tho railway tiino-tablo altered tlio timo of all tho mails. j Mr, DIGNAM spokoof tho correct manner in, which tilo mails wore delivered in tho district of Goulburn. . Tho l-oason was that tho contractor was well up iii his business, had. good horses and good riders. Ho did not always depend on tho state of tho roads. ? i ' Mr, CUMMINGS said any ono who know tho state of tho roads in all weather would novor dream of en- ; forcing a stated timo for tho delivery of , mulls.¡ri oil ? Boasons. It would bo impossible . . , 1 Mr. COOBER called tho favournblo attontion-of tho Government to tho post- offico at Armidale. A man, his ?wifó, and llvo children, were residing ¡ri a most miser- , ohio shed, denominated a post-ofilco. If peoplo had to 'register a lotter, ; aud if it, mined, thoy. would have to >. stand , in tho wot ' Ho,hoped tim Government would direct their ¡inmediato attention td it. .... ' Mr. JOSEPHSON would, «all attention.to tho want of ' acoommodalion in tho post-offico'.ht: Braidwood. , iThoro wero only two littlo rooms) quito inadequate for tho number, of mails, and ho trusted tho > Goveruuiout, when nhlo, would ¡llórense tho accommodation... : Mr. BARÏyES'wouïd also stoto that tho post-ofilco at , Kiama would stand much improvement, llowovcr, ho ., ifound it was contemplated'ta¡ make.somo organio chango in tl io mnnagomontof, tlio post-offioo.- , On tho . wholo,, ho; thought tho Post-oflico deportment' was ad- mirably' conducted. : Thoro wore no moro.potty thefts, in , proportion,, than .thors wore ¡n G rout. Brimin. In . :Englnrid post- offico delinquencies wero ot daily occur- rence ; in ono -town er tho other j arid thoy must not ex- pect to bo exempt from somo irregularities thomsolvcs. Xi tho gentleman's years unfitted him for public dutios thoro wore ninny Under tho, Government who.%Svoro riot even ns vigorous as ho was. Ho believed tho. establish- ment was carried on very satisfactorily. ; Mr. PIDDINGTON' said that if thoro was any chango to bo mada that would'alter tho pbrmnnoncy'of tho oiïlco lp apolitical office tho llouso should know, sómothing ¿I it, ' Ho boliovod'thnt if thoy lind n pormn nent offico., its occupant could not bo influenced' by any 'political,chango.' Ho bolioyod that if tin/ offico wera imado n political ono tho oxpbnditùro would oprtainly jin prenso. If tho pffico had a natural position of. suporyi ision thd littlo matters of difficulty that now occurred Vfould bo romodied. '"' ,, , ; j Mr. PARKES did not BOO how it could bp;.oxpoètod thafa postdfflcb in n yoting country' could always' poy. It should be mltdo officient nt any cost' ' If liny chango ,', ljko tho ono referred to by tho lost spoakor wore roadb,it , would provo avery mischievous ono.' .. . : '< . ,, I Mr.' EAUCETT did ' not think that .any, organio 'chango in tho establishment would bo. bri1 iriiprbvomorit.1 l.t.was well conducted, and lind an efficient hoad.';' If a political,head wero placed over it, groat oxpdnso would . result.. ,Tho present head of tho dcpartrhbrit''hhd'ii6fj ' ' proper" control. Tho lowest messenger in ' tito cstab'J11 lishmont pould do as.he pleased, and tho h'cád. havo rio control over ' his notions. Tho rosnlt'of audra coridi tidri bf; things Was, that lt increased tho patronage.pf tho Minister for Fiiinnco; ' Ho agreed'with what' had bcon ¿aili bv tho;honorablo , mpmbor, .fpr.':Kiamaj,t]vat.thoy should not pxpeot tho ' incomb . and' expenditure tb bo ; equalised,'orthat,' Iho'îiicbnip would amount to .'moro ? than tho expenditure. "Ho was prepared ' tb giv'o his Îotp in favour of tho support of. such an cslablitdimont ? tb'thought that country postmasters ought to bo paid bettor than llidv wore. ," .'?''.?'' < "'.' ' .'.' Mr. MAOPlIERSON'bollqvod that tho 'difficulties in oonriootion With'tho 'establishment ', wbro'not.so much' / tho fault pt.'Uio '.oihoinls,'!a8 tho carelessness bf tho'.' Boridora( "ot j lottors ' ond ' ndwspàpera'. 'Ho hoped tho Houso was' prepared to 'not' agrop lo any, organic change. . no. did,' riot-"-' bcliovo'.' that; tho, efficiency, of tho. departmorit. would bo increased ; it would rather bo docrensod'.by ' such a' chango. Tho'cthcioncy'would bo increased by '? fiying to tli'o; heftd ot tho ucpnrtmcnt' tho 'power to ppbint' mid dismiss officials under him. I Mr. DRIVER boro testimony, to tho BntÏBfnOtory ' ?yrbrhing , of tho Post- office., ' But, if ' tho"' honorable mcmbor for Ceñirá! Cumberland had eaVsei for com- plaint now, how much moro ronsoh lind lip tb complain of an instanco, that occurred in Sydnoy ' nbout' twelve ; moiitlis ago,'when b'no'óf "tho lottor-cnrriors was so vera! times reprimanded for carelessnosa .and negligence, arid wlicn tho then Colonial Treasurer neglected his duty in not dismissing him. '.'. Mr. ALEXANDER WOB fully satisfied that the' public Bcrvico would bo bonofitod by tho retention . of : tho preWint bend of 'tho department' ' , ¡ Mr.,BUCHANAN was at n losa.to understand hpw it was'that, shied tho; imposition of tho nowsptipbr tax, fdic' doliyoty.of howspopprs waa moro. irregular than ' before tho «ix'was imposed. It was a very hard case, ' arid tended to injiirp tno liewspaper prcBS bf't)io cblPny. Ho found tho grontbat pbsstblo nnxiety on tho pnrt'of : tho Postr-offlcolo insure regularity. But it was nob ' offootod. And tho doslruclion of tho properly was tho corisoquonoo.' Subacribcrs not gotting tho paper gnvp it rip. lio had fixed tho hlnrilo on tho Sydnoy Post;-' eimeo. " Tho papers wore regularly transmitted from ' Bathurst. T(io Maitland Worcury and Sydney Illus- ' tnitod-Nows made Bunllur complaints.' Ho lind" an dx tonsivó oorrcspondonoo, Bonding twenty or thirty'.lottors, n wock, and novrrknow an instance of a lotter failing.' As far na lottors wore concornod, tho PoBt-dffico was ox- ' collent! v mnnnged. 1 ' . 1 ' Mr. PICKERING «nid ho did not think tho instando referred to by'tlio honorablo member for. Contrnl Cum- berland (Mr.-Macpherson) exonerated tho Post-offico ' dopnrtmont For yonra past ho had rócolvod. almost overy week complnirils'of non-delivery, of pnpors; ho had lost .hundreds of .subscribers in this way. But there'hail boen lobs irregularity nineo the imposition of tho ' nowspnpor tax. (Mr. IÍOUSTRU: Hoar, hoar.) Whon nowepapors wore not delivered thoy wero not rctjurned nt onco, but kent in tho Post-ofilco nnd re- turned; in n batch. This ontailed great loss on tho nuwspnjMii proprietor. ? Mr. DRIVE ll Biiid ho lind boon a subscriber to tho honorablo mombor (Mr. Buchnnnn's) paper nineo it wna Btnrlod ;'nnd had never boon dlsapnoliilod in tho .doll vpry pf .tho paper. The honorablo gentleman (ifr. iBuelinfinii) hud only liecn nlilu to mimo two Pases in which .his paper was not properly delivered-those of 3fr. Gcorgo lilli mid Mr. J. G. Raphael, and it wan found out (hat in, both COBOS tho papera were proporly dellvnrod.' Tho horibrablo member (Slr. Buchanan) could not point out any other instance. Kr,. ^POUANAN . ea¡d tho _hpnorobIo merni Boernod to know more ot his business (han ha (ll Buchanan) bintsblf did. That Tory day fully half dosen members of that House had complained to bl ot the non-delivery of (he' paper. Ho could nar hundreds of cases. This was tho way they lost su ecriliors. It was a very serious thing to Jose subscribe every day, after having so much trouble to get thei (A laugh.)_ Mr. DRIVER said ho had every reason to believe ti truth of what ho had said. He did not know that tl honorable member (Mr. Buchanan) was connected wi a paper at all. Mr. HART said greater facilities ought to be givi to people in Sydney and tho suburbs to get their lettei In tho important suburb ii Redfern there was only o delivory in tlio day. There ought to bo throo deliveri in Sydney daily. "When ho saw tho admirable faci ties in Melbourne and Brisbane for tho delivery letters and papers, it was a reproach to Sydney. Thc were Ave deliveries daily in Melbourne Mr. SMART said already there were three dolivori in Sydney. Tlio estimate was then passed. Mr. SMART, in moving tho next item, said tl business of this department was increasing rapidly. 1 movod the following: Money order department... ... ... £28í Tho amount was passed. Mr. SM\RT then movod tho following eslimnte: Colonial storekeeper's department ... ...£49,GC Mr. DRIVER said thoro was on increase of £20,OC in stores and stationery. Mr. SMART said a largo stock had been purchase for futuro uso. Tho item was thin passed. Mr. SMAJIT moved tho following : Printing and bookbinding and postage stamps... ... ... ... £17,03 Mr. DRIVER said tho estimates were not prepare in tho samo way as last year. Tho officers wera BPOC fied. "Was this done with. a design of bringing thei within tho Superannuation Act ? Mr. SMART said ho knew of no application for an such purpose. Ho was not aware of any such desigi Tho estimates wero prepared in their present formund« tho auspices of his (Mr. Smart's) predecessor. Mr. COWPRR said an application had been «nado o behalf of tho printers, and various others, to got unde the operation of tho Suporanuatiori Act. But th oporation of tho Act had boon susponded. Ho (Mi Cowper) thoroforo rather discoumged now application for admission undor tho Aot If tho principio of tho Actworo sound, they should make ita operation as es tensivo as possible But thoro seemed to bo a doubt o: this point. ' Schoolmasters could not bo placed unde tlio Act Tho only porsons appointed, controlled, am dismissod by tho Govornmont Somo modification o tho Act would probably bo determined on. Mr. DRIVER submitted that Bomo of tho porson employed in tlio Govermont Printing office ought to b allowed to participate in nnv odvantago of tho Bupoi mutation fund, and 1m permitted to contribute aa otho subordinates of tho Government Mr. COWPER Baid tho matter should rocoivo th attention of tho Government. Tho item was thftn passed. Mr. SMART moved tho following item : Gunpowder Magazine... ... £1011 Mr. DRIVER complained of £200, ns rent for tin brig Lady .Mary, as being too high. Tho amount ol itself was small, but os rent for a smaU brig it wai far too high.. Mr, SMART quito 'appreciated tho horiorablb mein bor. It may bo a largo sum ns rent 'for' a bric morely. > .. .''... ' . Mr. SMART movod tho following item:- ' Health officers, and emigration officer, Port Jackson ... ... ' . .;. . £7ßC Tho item was passod. . .';'! Mr. SMART movod tho' following item :- ' Quarantino ... ... ... ... £01£ Tho item was passod. 1 ' Mr. SMART movod tho following items :-- " Shipping Master's dopartmont ' ... -;v '..: £1200 Globe Island abattoir' ... ! ...'.' .i.'1'£1511 Harbours, lighthouses, and pilot dopartmont £23,022 £_The items wero carriod.' ' Mr. SMART movod tho following item :- " ' ' Miscellaneous services ... ... £27,230 Mr. FORSTER moved that tho item of £200, to próvido for a Quean's plato, to bo run for annually,' on tlio Randwick racocourso, bo struck out Tho comtuittoo divided with tho following result: Ayos, 15, Mr. Parkes Mr. Wisdom '. Dr. Lang Donnolly ( Forstor Mr. Buchanan Dodds' "' " ' Cooper i Nealo . ,Hannoll. ,., ' Sutherland ! Leo , Cummings . Fokford Caldwell. ' . Noes, 20. Mu Cowper Mr. Dignam Mr. Egan . Smart Pickering Hart Robertson Burdekin Driver . ,Lucas :, , Oatley Aloxandor ..Do Salis Byan Wilson Graham .. Pmnoll, Osborne. r Hurlo'yWhito Tho item was thoroforo carried. ' , ,. .."'. Mr..ROBERTSON movod tho following items :-. Department of Lands ... ... ' £5,510 Survey of Lands ... .... ... £02,020 lient of additional ofilooa for land dopart- ' ' , ..¡manta... . .,'....', ....... ,.i. ;, ¡£300 Commiesiou'to.iand agenta,'appraisers, arid ,',, ; ;' others ¡ .'-arid for advertising for. tho '.; i,.,publio sor vice, generally '.., ... , . "...'.' .' 0,000 Occupation of lands ,;..'. ' ... ' ,"¡ '.... £18,177 Immigration '' ' ...'.".,'. - ...<,'?.'. £2510 .Tho items woro carried. V . " .,' . Mr. ROBERTSON moved tho followed item :' Gold-ifiolds ... , , '.'...' . :.. . .... £18,815 Mr. WILSON vishod to know if tho commissioner for Adelong lind boon ratainod ? ' ' . ", '. "-, . ? ;; MrVROBERTSON'said ho was rotained. So long as tho .commissioner waa in bis, offico at proper hours to do his duty, ho did not caro if ho resided in Now Zea- land. ' ; " | Mr. WILSON said Üio reason ho had naked tho question" was, liocauso when' ho (Mr." Wilson) hold offico two potitions woro sent in to tho offoot that this coinmissionor rosidod too , far from ,thO scone , of his. duties, and prayed that ho might b'q romovod. '.' .Mr. DONNELLY/ regretted certain papers woro not on tho tablo of tho House witli'refcronco,to tliisj matter. , ?'. '1 . ?,'?.',> ' Mr. PICKERING said tho noting'chiof commis- sioner of tho . Northern Gold- Holds resided''about ono hundred milos from tho commissioner, and it was diffi- cult to hold communication \yilh thom.' . Many incon- veniences aroso when any person wished to havo any duty lo perform.. , . , - .,'.'., Mr.. WI|LSON found that thoro woro fifteen com- missioners who acted os poli'co magistrates nnd dorks of potty-sossibn, thoy' might striko thoir . salaries OHt of tho estimates, and it waa with tho idoa of, oconomy that t ho, throw out tho ' suggestion to tho honorable.tho Secretary for Lands., . '" " . ^r.OUUMINGS thought that, tho offico of gold commissionor ot Bathurst' could bo very woll dispciiRod with, and hopod his ,honorabloj£friond would/ reduce tho unnecessary ¡toms of expenso., 'Ho hoped tho day would soon como," Svhbn tho '. unjust impost on gold would bo abolished. . ' ',; , ,', , , .' Mr.' DONNELLY considered that thb" remuneration for the services .'ot 'commissioners aoltng ns clerks of potty sossions arid police magistrates, should ho debited to tho police magistrate"nnd. clerk'of potty session account It might not bo a matter of importance to tho general public, but it considerably 'interested tho gold, minora who worb'siibjooted to such h hoavy rate ot taxation,. ,'Ho bolibvod lhat.the fiolds of Now South W4'03 Would bb mado moro remunerativo than tho, flolds.ofi ony other colony if proper legislation wèro tb toko placo upon tho subject , Mr.'BUCHANAN said that thoy had gold com- missioners receiving' largo salarios, and walkiug about absolutely doing nothing, and yet nothing was dorio lp crpàto a rotorua iu sucha condition bf tilings.. Ono commissioner could do all tho duties at Forbes, nnd havo unoccupied hours hanging upon his hands. Tho chiof commissioner shöuld'üo tho duty in tho wholo'of tho gestern districts. , i'-' ? ? Mr. ;LEE thought tho omission of tho clerks salarlos'. IQ commissioners', who had actually nothing to do, could vory woll bo mode. ' , ! Mr. WILSON 'said if honoraWo mombor3 would toko tho troublo .to read tho Oold Fields Regulation Act, they would find that tlio Government woro eompollod iq kcqp, thoso commissioners, .who. wore justices of tho peace, nnd until tho Act wns nmondod tho Government would bo compelled to ' koop on more commissioners than woro really, required. . As far ns tho dorks were concerned they lind ali tho accounts of tho chief com miss'mnora ta regulate, nnd koop. It was oleo tobo scon (hat tho Oh meso interpreters should bo retained. Mr. OUNNEEN said that publio 'expenditure, with rasper! to tho paymont of gold-fields ollfcinls, was spout in paying salariea to many persons whoso scrvicoa woro. not required. In other gold countries oxpondituro was ando to dovolop tho rosourcos of tho gold-flolds by offering rewards fer discoveries, and aubrding wt improvements «nd 'other facilities for tho produce gold. But nothing had yet boen dons for such a p poso in this colony, r. Mr, BOBEBTSON did not know wUothor it i desirable to answer any such ordinary attacks upon i working of these gold-fiolds. Ile behoved that l gojd commissioners wore equal to any other officials tho service of cither this colony, or tho colony of "V torin. The exponses of those gold-Holds amounted t mero bagatelle. He behoved that they were travelling the right direction, and were reducing their expenditu Mr. DONNELLY said if a man performed twokii of duty, ho should bo called by tho nnmo to wh nine-tenths of his duty applied, and not by that of i other tenth. One of tho wardens in Victoria, honon officers, attended to tlio wants of ten times as ma miners as ono commissioner hero. Mr. PICKERING said it would be woU if t Government would, during tho recess, havo a sun made of tho Northern Gold-fields. Mr. DBIVEB asked how many gold-fields co: missioners thoro wore at Forbes. Mr. EOBEBTSON : Twa Mr. DRIVER : Well, tho timo of ono of tb (Captain Browno) is solely occupied in getting slanders against the police magistrate thero, Mr. Farra! Captain Browno had nothing to do as a gold-eo missioner. Mr. BUCHANAN said thoro was not occupation 1 ono gold-commissionor nt Forbes. At Bathurst a go commissioner was not wanted at all. Ho blamed t Government for not estimating properly tho position a magistrat». Incalculable mischief was done by t! appointment of incompetent persons. As to the pol. magistrate at Forbes ( Vir. Farrand), ho was perfect secure against all attacks. There was not in tho colo a moro efficient magistrate. His (Mr. Farrand's) integri and firmness were tho occasion of tho odium rois against him. Tho cs ti mato was then passed. Mr. ROBERTSON movod tho item of £700 for t management of the alpacas. Mr. LEE asked when tlio Government intended got rid of this costly and useless department Mr. ROBERTSO'N said tho question had boon cc sidorcd by tho last Government But tho press Government had boon too busy to give it a thougl Thoy would toko up the question during tho recess. Tho item was then passed. Mr. ROBERTSON movod tho foUowing items : Prevention of scab in sheep ... ... £80! Inspection of cattle ... ... ... SI Coal-fields ... . T7< Botnnio gardens ... ... ... 20! ' The estimates wore carried. Mr. ROBERTSON moved tho noxt estimate :- ' Government Domains and Hydo Park ... £331 ,Mr. DRIVER asked what wore tho duties of tl guncral overseor. Ho was novor in tho Domain. Mr. ROBERTSON: Ohl always. Mr. WILSON said this officer was a very old sc vant of tho Government Ho was not so active as 1 used to bc, but ho was always in tho Domain. . Mr.: DRIVER said ho never saw him in tho Doma in his lifo. Ho lind seen him .at Iiis gata : Old M Komp had boen got rid of. ' ? Mr. WILSON: Ho is n tho Botanical Gardens, ; Tho item was then passed. , Mr. ROBERTSON moved tho following: - Minor roads . ... ... ... £50,8£ 1 Mr. rCUNNEEN asked how had tho Govornmo'i reduced this ostimato from £02,851 to £50,880 ? . Ar thoro was no amount for other roads and bridges, f< which £15,551 was voted'last year. - Mr: ROBERTSON, said many items had been tran ferrcd to tho. Works department Thero had been ehongo in;tho nrrangomont All bridges wore now i tho Works department Mr. PHELPS said ho thought that Hooligan wi not tho place where this bridge should bo constructxx Ho' would movo tho insertion of the words nt ( aboVo Booligan, or, whore tho suryoyors might thin "best There was a much bettor site soma ilvo or si miles abovo Booligan, than at Booligan, If you crosse at Booligan you came upon an island with a swamp o tho other side. . 7 ! Tho item of £500, was struck out, with a view o putting it in nu altered form on tho 'supplementär, estimates. , ¡, ? Mr. MACPHERSON : It had always boon tho prac 'tico to lay boforo the House a schodulo of tho mino roads. Ho did not think they ought to bo balled upoi to vote that item until such schedule had been fur nished. ? They ought not to voto that largo sum ol -money until they had tho schodulo of dotaila Hi should move as an amendment that thc ¡tam be furthoi reduced hy £2000 " for building and repair bf bridges I on condition bf assistance by tho inhabitants." ' i Thc nraondment was lost on a division by 33, to 2, tin 'minority consisting of Mr. Macpherson and Mr Cooper. Mr. MACPHERSON thon contended that ho had asked for that only which he thought ho waa ontitlec to. Ho objected because tho schodulo for minor , roads had not been laid boforo tho House, as promised ? by thc honorablo tho Colonial Treasurer. . : I Mr.'ROBERTSON thought; tho honorablo gentle- man WBB disposed tobo captious and obstructivo. . He 'lind,loft tho .chamber, aud no sooner had ho returno'd \- thán ho took exception to tho wholo item. It.was' not customary to lay boforo tho House a schodulo of thc ' minor roads. Ho had heard nb objection taken but thal of tho honorablo member (Mr.' Macpherson). He_alon« ' had raised his voico against it, and stood alone on divi- nion, except from tho sympathy of lim honorablo mom . ber (Mr. Cooper), who hesitated, and. it was ovidontly out of sympathy that ho did not, stand alone. Thc schedule may or may not bb ready, but thoro was no re- luctance to produce it. . - ; '; Mr. CUMMINGS, sâid^ that, if Jtho, hands"of tho : Government wore, to bo tied up in meeting tho wants cf tho rural, distriots, what wbiüd become of tho'interior of tho country ?"",'. " '".".'" . : ?'' I Mr. WISDOM thought it would bo'much bolter tb return to' tho old systom, ahd 'allbw tho trustees to .fall book upbn tho proceeds of tho preceding ycari, " '. ' ! Mr/ROBERTSON replied. : ., ? . ' . Tho item, as reduced, wad agreed to. , 1 ) Mr. ROBERTSON proposed the following item : Haslam's Crock Gcuioral Comotory . ' ;.. £104 ' I Dr. LANG wished tb know tho position b£ tho ovbr ' soar, was ho tho gonoral carotákór. ' ': ,'| Mr.'WILSON said that it .was intended that tho ? overseer should nbt interfprd with'tho rcspcotivb burial grbunds, but should look after a hodge that onplosod tho grounds. t , ',. ""'"' i Tho item was agreed to. ' .' I Mr. ROBERTSON movod tho foUowing itom. Aborigines. ... ... .... ..'....' ... .', £500 Tho item was agreed tb: " . . I Mr. ROBERTSON moved tho foUowing item Miscellaneous services-" ' '.'i.' ' ; ....' ' 42,000 I Mr. HART did hot,fopl justified in voting for tho sum of £2,500 for sinking weUs. . It woúld have been botter had they boon loft to private labour. ' -'? ¡ Mr. ROBERTSON explained ' ! that.' tho WÖBS wow required1' for ' pooplo ' and stock travelling.'.. IIo had'"ho'; doubt that tho pastoral people, and othor pooplo to whom [they would bb of uso, .would bo most willing to pay any exponso that miglit bo needed to koop thom in order, i Mr. WILSON Baid, tbat-iyhilo lio waa in offico, deputations had waifed upon him, nnd had shown him tho impossibility of. travelling in'that. ; part of tho country without thosri wells. They dicl not 'apply for roads,, but only asked for tho convonioheo of water, l'hov would, as tho Ministotfor. Lands said, bp justified in voting a much larger sum'than tho sum p'rbposbdfor such purposo. . ". ? ' ' ; Mr. CUMMINGS said tho' honorablo mombbr (Hr. ) Hart) was' always ready; to support largo Burris for museums and city iniprovomonts. ' .'?<* -"',: ' . , Mr. FOULONG E said'this item was a step in tho right direction. .(Hoar.'hbar.) If tho 'Hpuso objootod to placo suoh a sum on tho general rovonuo, a much larger sum nlight bo ploded on tho'lbaii bstimatp j^and tho pooplo who hud tho advantage of th030 wells' would be too glad, to pay for tho uso of thom;'" ; .'. ' . ? ' ¡ Mr. DIGNAM, askod an explanation of tho monoy to bo, repaid for ilopdod. allotments. Many porsons oould claim repayments if this was on oxamplo. . I Hr, PHELPS said ho was sorry to hear honorablo fconUbmon oxprpss ^y'.hesitalion ns to this monoy for wells. Tho'great salt bush country would bo tho erbatest sourco ot tho. country's wealth iu tho future. Thoprpposod route, would bo 200 milos'Instoad of 000 milos. , Tlieso wells "would'enable thtmí, lo talco up now country, and to pay good rents. It should bo £10,000 instead ot £2,000.. . . Mr. HART said it was a now item. Tlio explana- tion givon was'quito satisfactory. (Hear, honr.) Ho did not now object to it. If any largo expenditure wns involved, there Bhould bo an Act to regulate tho uso of tho'wells,' . . ' Tho item wnn thon passed: ' Mr. ROBERTSON movod tho granting of £-10,000 for nssisting immigration, to borniBod by loan. . Mr. MACPHERSON said ho was delighted to Eeo this voto proposed, I .: ???? . ? ' . . -?. i i JS.S' ?? ..'.. . ii Dr, IiAJTö'eald'he was determined to yotnagwoist this item, because the system under which, immigration had been conducted lately, was objectionable in - many respects. Within the last five years the neighbouring colony ot Queensland bad tripled its population, io consequence ot tho judicious arrangement mado by tho Government ot that colony ; white we had boen lagging behind tho other colonies. There was an addition ol imported capital into Queensland ot £20,000 a month. Wo required some system of tho same kind ; otherwise we should continue to lag behind our neighbours. Wo cannot expect any large amount of immigration unless wo hold out adequate encouragement Tho voluntary unassisted immigration into this colony was very small indeed-only four hundred in a year -while Queensland received over three thousand in six months. Tho subject required the attention of tho Government Mr. DIGNAM differed from tho reverend member as to tho incrcaso of population in Queensland. There was a rush from Victoria and this colony. Prom tho old colonies Queensland was fed and prospered. Tho best immigration to this country was assisted immigra- tion. Dr. LANG- said tho honorablo member (Mr. Dignam) was mistaken in osoribing the incrcaso of the population of Queensland to immigra- tion from thc neighbouring colonies. Tho chief increase was by immigration from the United Kingdom. Tho honorablo Minister for Lands had told them that wo were receiving moro immigrants from Queensland than wont there from us. But tho Minister for Lands in Queensland assured him (Or. Lang) that, for every ono that left Queensland for Now South Wales, they got ten from us. Unless wa take a leaf out of their book, wo shall continue to lag behind ; and stagnation will generate a degree of distress that they had not had in tho colony for a long period. Ho came in con- tact with great distress for want of employment lie uover knew a larger amount of persons in distress for want of employment, and that from nil parts of this territory. In Queensland there was quito a different state of things. Thoro was, comparatively, scarcely any distress there. The influx of capital gavo omploy mont to. tho working-classes, and enabled them to oxtend settlement in all directions. Mr. PARKES Bhould certainly give his vote in favour of tho appropriation of tho £-10,000 ; not that he agreed with tho system, but ho lookid upon a largo influx of population as tho only moais of relieving them from their present difficulties. Tlero wcro por- tions of tho county of Cumberland capable of contain- ing fifteen millions of inhabitants. And when they lookod at tho largo oxtont and resources of Uioircountry, thoro was ample room for now industries, and now sources of capital and enterprises. "With regard to tho system, ho objected to tho practico oí persons sending for infirm relatives as immigrants. Such was laudable in ono respect ; but their object should bo to got a healthy, intelligent, and provident class of immigrante. By\ offering a freo passage they would obtain a class .who had novor thought of emigrating. If thoy offered to pay half tho passago, thoy would got a bettor class of immi- grants, a clnBs of men who had already been thinking of Remigrating, and who wore tho most likely to bo of benefit to themselves and tho country. To attain a useful class of immigrants, he should voto for tho sum if it had been threo times the amount ! Dr. LANG thought tho. inducements proposed of offering to pay half tho passago would not operate so woll as tho honorable member (Mr. Parkes) anticipated, Tho great attraction .was tho land. In Queensland and : Now Zealand n portion of land , has, boon granted to .each adult as an onoouragomont to emigrate, and he hoped thil . colony would give, tho subject a careful consideration, and offer somo greater inducement to immigration. Tho population in England who .took up . tho subject . of emigration wore influenced by tho efforts of a portion of tho colonial press to degrade tho character nud in- stitutions of this colony in every woy, and were pos- sessed -with tho idoa that this was a . disreputable com- munity to live in. Ho would not divido tho com- mittee, but ho thought amore prudent, modo of pro- moting1 immigration might bo adopted. Mr. DE SALIS Baid lie was quito satisfied with this modo of promoting immigration. Mr. PARKES said tho honorablo and reverend mem- ber wu quita mistakon in thinking that tho colonial press exorcised a great influonco in tho mother country. Ho (Mr. Parkes) found , it a most difficult thing to "obtain a colonial nowepapcr. Tho Sydney , Morning Herald was absolutely unknown in England. It could bo found at Street's, tho agents, and tho Jbrusalom Coffee House.. It might also bo seen at Pool's Coffee House. But, with tho exception.of theso throe places, it was unknown, and had not tho slightest influonco in England. Tho. reason .why Queensland wont ahead was,, because they had a largo number of activo and zealous advocates in tho mother country. Thora were colonists from New South Wales in England-retired merchants-but thoy wera men of no. publia, spirit; (Mr. CowPEn: " Retired snobs,") Tho. Primo Minister called them "retired .snobs." Ho .was probably right, There, woro^ also activo advo- cates for tho oolony of Victoria. Ono of thom, Mr. 'Childers, was now a member of Lord Palmerston's -Government.. Thoro was another reason for,tho pro ' cminonco of Viotoria-tho. greater, extent of her com- merce Both theso colonies wore much moro, actively .served by colonists ; in England than, this colony. , '(Hoar,, hear.) Somo of the provinces. of Now, Zealand had agents in England. Free passages and. free grants 'of land were offered. ; Tho Capo colony and , Natal had oaoh resident agents in England. In fact there was a koon competition for emigrants from tho mothor country ; and thiB colony WOB behind tho others. -White Mr. Dalley and, ho were in langland, ho (Mr. Parkes) addressed sixty public meetings, arid . ono of them was in a.hall which hold 10,000 peoplo, and was crowded to O'XOCBS. : This sliowoathat people, wore, inclined to study tho subject.'; Thoy rocoivod thousands of letters of in- quiry. Even now bei was receiving Iorgo numbers of lottors from porsonsy, consulting .him about .omigration to. this colony. .Many of theso were willing to pay half of tho, passago monoy., '< ] Tho item was than passed. , ', ? .,' ¡ . ', I ; .Tho committoo adjourned till thia day. ¡ , ! Tho House thou adjourned .nt sovon minutes to ono until throe o'clock to- morrow (this day.) , ; I, i ^AtXEOBD GENUINE OoLOHrXt GnosTsi-Two ghost I LstóriosA-tlio first from'thö Hiyorino Herold,' and which | |. will remind thósóiwho havo read Washington "Irving's " Sketch Book" of tho' equestrian goblin Of Sleepy Hollow, and tho othor from tliq Bendigo. Independent, tho writer of which apparently gives crodoncO to' it : '.' Most people havo hoard of that haunted spotj tho ' Black Swamp, botwbon Deniliquin and 'tho Murrum- bidgeefound which, His saidj-,at tho ' dead ? hour of night, a headless trooper rides-o'groy. cob at fuU epood. Wo woro assured tho other day that a ' party of threo mon camped thoro lately for tho .night, wcro nearly scared out of. thoir sonsos' by. tho appearanco in tho rf dil moonlight of ¿his midnight visitant Our in- formant ' was positivo that'tho occurrence hod taken place,-and'wo beliovo ho waa sincero in his beliof as to tjio appearanco ot tho apparition." Now for j tho Independent's contribution to legondary history_ : " Who shall say thoro ÍB no truth in animal magnotism, I or special olootrioity, or call it. what you will, when cases like tho follo\yihg present themselves from-timo i ! to timo'to our notice? Wo.-gave a brief account tho othor doy of tho accidental death by drowning of Mr. Best, and wo hayo boon einoo told thot: Mrs. Boat dis- tinctly saw tho flçuro, or double, of hist husband, at hór ' bodsido tho evening boforo his death was supposed to havo taken placo, wishing her farowoll, and tolling her ho was about to dopart HUB lifo. Many of us must bo ohio to recall instances of people wo imnginod to bo for ÜiBtont appearing before us whilo we were talking about them, and it is tho ¡opinion of many sensible mon that somo magnolia agency causes our thoughts to run in tho channel which brings about theso mysterious coin- cidences, as they nra termed.". [Tho headless:trooper formed tho boro pf a talo in ono of 'Mr. Dickens'.mis collonios.] ['? j TUE FnExcn NAVT.-A -French-official record pintos lhat.on tho'lBtof October,'.'1801,- tho riuriibor of jnon serving voluntarily on- hoard *:tho French fleet, .without counting officers, waa. 1<J,GG8.< Tho following tablo is also given :-Number of ships of tho lino, not ironclad 80 ¡ ? iron-olad . frlgntes, 7 ; ordinary frigates,. Eli corvottes,' 10 ; ndvico boote,'. 40j' total, 128; '" Thus," says tho record, " for 1801, tho now flcot is only increased 'in finished ? vessels by ono iron-olad frigate of 1000 horsepower.' and threo small ad vico boots. - But tho Btenm iloot counts besides, afloat nnd in courso.of 'coniplotion, fivo iron-olad frigates, two iron- clad batteries, fi vp screw corvottes, two pnddle-whool ndvico boats, and three transports fitted up :as work- shops. Lnstlyi there nro nt'prcsont in our -dockyards 20 sloamors in various statesof-forwardness." ? ". i In a communication mado to tho British Meteoro-, logical Socioty, Mr.' Glaisher states, ris n result of an' olaborato inquiry, and that our climate during tho last ; hundred yenrs has altered-that in foot tho tempera- ; .turo of tho year ÍB two degrees warmer than it was thon; tho tcmporntiiro of tho month »f January lins in- creased still moro, and tho winter months nro wanner, 