MELBOURNE AND HOBSON'S BAY UNITED RAILWAY COMPANY. \---<>--- The first general and ordinary meeting of the company—the amalgamation of the late Melbourne and Hobson's Bay and Melbourne Railway Companies—took place yesterday, at noon, at the offices of the company, Flinders- street. The attendance comprised some thirty perons; and the chair was taken by the Hon. W. Campbell, M.L.C. Alter the formal preliminary business, The SECRETARY (Mr. J. Finlayson) read the directors' report. This document recapitulated the legislative action by which the amalga- mation of the companies had been effected, which it described as affording a prospect of the realization of the most sanguine anticipa- tions in connexion therewith, adding that the preliminary steps had been taken for the purchase of the St. Kilda and Brighton line. It then mentioned the action already taken to effect the junction between the two lines, and which have been already detailed in The Argus ; and concluded by stating that, in ac- cordance with sec. 6 of the United Companies' Act, the reserve fund now amounted to £21,997 1s. 6d. ; and that the engineer reported the permanent way and rolling-stock of both lines to be in efficient working order. The CHAIRMAN moved the adoption of the report, which was seconded by Mr. E. Bell. Tho CHAIRMAN, taking the occasion to make a few remarks on the present condition of the company, mentioned his regret at the absence ot the Hon. T. T. A'Beckett, who at these meetings usually dealt so ably with the topics affecting the shareholders. He (the chair- man) congratulated them on the amalgama- tion of the companies, believing that the result would be a considerable increase in the traffic. That the Emerald hill difficulty was removed was also a matter for rejoicing though he denied now, as always, that the company was under any obligation in the matter, having only made the connexions to get rid of the dispute—giving way merely as a concession. The plan for connecting the Hobson's Bay line with the Victorian Rail- ways had, it was true, fallen through for the present ; but doubtless when the ad- vantages of the present amalgamation were appreciated, a desire would be created in the public mind for the connexion with the inland lines. He would be, perhaps, going slightly out of his way to mention the sub- ject of wharfage-rates, but as silence might imply consent, he would here protest against the Government pocketing money paid for the construction and repair of the company's pier. Reckoning the cost of that pier, which averaged a charge of 1s. 10d. per ton of goods landed thereon, it was most unfair for the Government to apply those wharfage-rates to their own purpose alone. There might be other objections to the rate—it might, for instance, be considered too high ; but whatever it was, the company, as well as every other private wharf-owner, was entitled to a share ; and they ought at least to receive some assistance in the repair and extension of their pier on ac- count of the rates levied therein. Before he concluded, he would mention two facts which he was desired to state to the meet- ing. The first was that the profits accruing between the 1st of May and the date of amal- gamation would be shortly distributed among the shareholders of the old Hobson's Bay Company. The second was, that the reduc- tion in the general expenses of management already amounted to £1,500 a year, and would increase to £3,000 a year more when the junc- tion was effected. The motion was then put, and carried. Mr. E. Bell moved-" That tho directors of the company bo at. liberty to appoint a clork to attend ut an office in the city of London, to receive from sbareboldors instructions for the transfer of shores in tho company, and to enter into a hook, to be kept for tliatpurpjje, the names of tho proposed transferees ; und that any shareholder sholl he at libarty to have his shares entered in tho B3ld book on previously giving ono calendar month's written notitu of his desire in that beha'f to the secretary of the company, and aftar any such nocico and entry the dividends on the shares which sholl be entered in the said book shall, until esid notice is re- called in writing by the shareholder who gives tho samo, or by his odihneo, hu paid to tho credit of the shareholdir, at tho com- pany's hankers iu Melbourne, who will trans- mit the samo for the shareholder al tho cur- rent rote of exchange to his credit in London, where it will bo payable on production of his ccitificate of shares." Tho motion was seconded by Mr. Konaua.n, and carried, Mr. Blondell moved-"That the full amount which the United Company are authorized to rolso by virtuo of tho 14th sec- tion of the Melbourne nud nobson's B»y United Roilway Company's Act, 1805, for the purposes therein mentioned, ho r.iised by bor- rowing ; and that tho directors ha, and aro hereby, empowered to issue debentures for securing tho amount from timo to timo bor- rowed, with interest at such rato as tho directors may think fit." He asked if £40,0C3, exclusivo of tho pnrchuse-mouey of tho St. Kilda and Brighton line, was not the amount in question? Tho CHAiroiAN replied in tho aflirmitive, adding that the rato of interest would bo six per cent. Mr. Ashlet seconded the motion, which was forthwith put and agreed to. Dr. Black moved-"Tnut tho chairman bo outhor'ztd to affix tho com moir seal of tho company to the register of shareholtli ra." The motion was seconded by Mr. G. Nichol- son, and carried. Mr. Blundell moved the adoption of the bye-laws of thocompeny. The motion was seconded hy Mr. Bkowmng ; and the marginal notes of tho byo- laws having been reod, the resolution was agreed to. Dr. Black moved tho appointment of Messrs. E. Bell and J. D. Pinnock, a9 tho auditors of tho company. Ho said ho believed tho compony had reaped considerable ad- vantage frcm tho exertions of theso gonile me-n. The motion was seconded by Mr. Cavenagh, and carried. On the motion of Mr. C. S. Ross, seconded by tlr. G. Nicholson, it was agrted that tho ouditors Bhould receive £00 par annum for their services. Mr. C. Heai-e next moved that the salary of tho secretory (Mr. J. Fiulayson) be fixed nt £1,000 \ sr annum. He commeutod upon tho fact that it was owing to Mr. Finlayson's zeal and efficiency that tho amalgamation had boen effected. Mr. A. Buknes seconded tho motion, stating that in his experience thu company had never met with bo zealous n servant as Mr. Finlayson. Tho Chahiman concurred in what had b:on sold, believing that tbo company was undor obligations to this gentleman. Tho motion was then put, and carried unanimously. Mr. Blundell asked whether the propriety of turning tho property of tho company into stock had been considered ? Ho thought Birch a plan would havo a good ofl'oot, and by enabling mun to invest £5 or £10 in tho undertaking, so extend tho vublio interest in its welfare os ta lead to a greater amount of protection to tho company s property. Tho CiiAinUAN said the matter had boen thought over, and considered prematuro for the piescnt. It was a good suggestion no doubt. Mr. Blundell then movod-"That tho thanks of this meoting bo given to the board of directors, us well as tho company's solicitor and ongincor (Mr. EJsden), for the satisfactory manser in which the affairs of the company have been conducted generally, and in p^rtr cular for their succo38ful efforts lu regard to the amalgamation of tho two companies." The motion was seconded by Mr. Lewis, and apreed to. Dr. Black asked if tho sito of the now station had yet been fixed, and whether it would not he well to call a meeting of tho shareholders to decide on tho noiut? The CnAinsiAN said it was ni tho power of the shareholders to coll a meeting to settle the question. Ho was not awaro that tho sit -, liad been fixed upon finnlly, hut believed the present intention was to keep tho present sito. . After a voto of thanks to the chairman, tho proceedings olosed. Doo ANn Oat.-Canine affection for tho prcEervation of life will be illustrated by tho rollowingremarkable incident:-About twelvo o'clock on Saturday last some mischievous boys threw over tho Maida-hill bridge, Kil burn-road, a largo black cat, evidently with the intention of drowning it. Tho cat, with aB many lives as it is traditionally reputed to have, struggled hard for life, and for somo minutes endeavoured to keep its head abovo water ; however, when Puss was about to give up the ghost a gentleman happened to past with a good-eized terrier dog, nnd at once directed tho dog's attention to tho difficulty of poor Puss; tho gallant terrier at onco dasbed In and swam to tho rescue, but his friendly efforts woro met with such " clawWi" embracements, that several times he was obliged to retire. At length, after watching his opportunity, ho Beizod tho oat hy tho thick end ot the tail, and, amidst tho cheers of tho bystanders, brought Pub3 a'.horo. A case of this kind is probably not on record.-Field, May 26. 