TOWN SKETCHES. IMPRESSIONS OF VIOTORIA, (fBOV TOT A&aBB.;) Melbourne bes beoome liige enough to enable one to enjoy in it a little ot" the soli tnde of greet clliee "—e relief after living long in a entailer community, where a man seed sot be very distinguished In order to be en re that in the etreete be li alwayi In the pre sence of people who know htm. Accordingly, I have epent a good many not unpleasant j home within the last few day* "loa&ng;" j abont the pavements of tbte city, nhd staring into the ebop windows to an nndigni&ed; ex tent, which I should hardly have had moral courage far bat that I was stranger, and In a large town. And 1 maintain that the advertising oolmnns of j the leading newspaper, and the shop windows, I are as copious sources of Information about, a place, and the manners and customs of j Its inhabitants, as a stranger can well draw ! upon. Let him, by all means, read the ad vertisements before be goes ont in tire morn ing—never mind tbe leading articles, and the Parliamentary proceedings, and the law, and all that sort of stuff, there is time enough for J that later in tbe day—but let him, I say, read the advertisements, and then loaf abont the streets, If be desires to beoome a really well informed man. Be will, moreover, be led into all kinds of | philosophical speculations Including tbe j difficult inquiry Into the oanees that govern the fate of various sections of a now town— wby one becomes fashionable and another j "low"—why one heoomes the resort of pro fessional men and Another of merchant!— j why land in one direction rises higher and higher in value, till the enviable holder finds himbelf rich, and deems himself to have been a most far-sighted man at oro, while dee- ! where yon may get allotments br a trifle, because the Inexplicable current of program has failed to eet that way. Tbe original expectations of those who lay ont towns snd -of thoGe that purchase allotments In tbe early days seldom prove correct as to tbis matter, and It would not be uninteresting to ex amine tbe results of tbe firm Melbourne land \ eale, and to see bow fur the prices realised in dicated that buyers really did foresee which would become the most valuable sites in •coarse of time. When Melbourne was laid oat, I believe tbe surveyors contemplated for it no j loftier destiny than that of a eqnatting town ship, where wool would be shipped and station supplies landed, and where a few "merchants, banters, and others," would have a somewhat dull time of it tn their rue in nrbe. The hnn«»g it was expected, would stand in their gardens along tbe main streets, and Little Collins- : street, Little Bourke-street, Ac., wets to afford accees to tbe back premises, which anticipa tion accounts for the rather nnimsglnatlve nomenclature ;of Melbourne thoroughfares, reminding one somewhat of tbe system on which Dandie D turnout named bis dogs. Without regard to original itaaigw'i how ever, the city of Melbourne very early in *t»»s ] second period of ita history, which commenced with the gold discoveries, began to classify Itself, and the main features of the ri twill cm | tiou have remained unaltered to this day. Flinders-street (to the eastward of King- , street), Market-square, Flinders- lane, the por tion of Elisabeth-street, south of OoUtns ttrwt, appears to he still, ai they were long 1 ago, the favourite streets to build great whole eale homes upon, and certainly, If huge and costly warehouses are any Indication of the magnitude of the trade carried on within, we ate here among tbehauntsof merohantprwew*. 1 was surprised at the amount of money ! that had been expended, not merely In securing spacious accommodation, but J in ornamental architecture. The old bl ac etone that was formerly In almost ex elusive use for private buildings of a solid kind—and fine substantial, thongh somewhat sombre structures It made—has hem largely supplanted by freestone. Mot in continuous rows, but here and there along the streets I have mentioned, one oomes npon some pile of building with a wide frontage, and rising with many xowaof cut-glass windows, looking like a handsome club or publio institution; hut on reaching the front door, a brass plate j turpitsee one with the name of some private ' firm. Tbe hanks seem generally to bare taken •most kindly to OdUins-ftreet, and several of j Hum have now splendid premises—not J always in proportion, I should imagfne, to the business done. Thus, the Bank of Australasia snd the Union Bank, which were built eadjria the days of the gold diggings, look very tumble Indeed beside the stately and ornat meutal habitations of their younger brethren. The Bank of New South Wales—hnllt a little later—was, I remember, thought a great deal ! ofat the time'H was erected, and deservedly so, although Melbourne took more pride th»n j Marlborough Bouse would have allowed to be justifiable In the bat-nlirf ot ouplds and mesa tint adorn the upper part of the front j of this bolldlng. For what on earth has a j bark to do with "love and ruses?" A proces sion of " warm men " would- have been moch more appropriate than those naked boys, and tiw hind of garland that was boms abont by j the ghost of Scrooge would be far more to the purpose than those way festoons. IdonVj t*«tcnd to have counted how many fine baths there are I noticed this Batik of j Victoria especially, hot after. aB, what credit \ »it to banks to build .fine, bootee f—thqy jj Save hut to lame a few extra pteoss of dirty -kaprr.and the thing |g done. , 7 ; To the westward of Market sqaare, Flin '.dereetwet seems to have chiefly devoted,L tWf to the provision for anadtime wautg,-) and the gratification of maritlme tastee. It:| has evidently been found thai to have a' fxddofeablplnthe front window, oeneilt *tia custom.-A mlsosUanoooa coUeotion of | "at.jwh'ii'diji ptothiak, tobacco, bin-1 •'""kMmiiMa.wrtdwe.Kiapowdsr.loibooks.l fish, Ac, Is a^'mcnln fsvpnr ^ukmoreanbttiUM imdti mTa* aaob | wbWn i rubhed lnto ibegoods a. I hare are 125 ^isi;m*as4da li* bit mia are jBLI Sii 1mm fioy MMfapd' % -'j ntiwmiddleoff -■ . • mtw» guv «hZT3 f"t»q«4Alg.Uwwy, Is a) UlE-Pv? «" ««Wa of j» class of it®Vfc t Jim In, nnt ba -dalag wvli. tbe eastern [end of Oolllnsitreet lire the doctor*. Bear door has got * brut plate and a night-bell MX), succeeds to M.E.CJl.E., and then comet • dentist, end then you begin with H.D. again. It I* perfectly appalling to thlDk that *o many doctors can afford to live , In lotuses like these—It gives one a most un favourable Idea of the beslthlness of the pl&oo; and though thli ie the regular docton' market, they appear to be pretty thickly iprlnkled about the rest of the town too. and every where inhabiting home* that would have been honaei "to dream of, not to teU," In Melbourne a dosen yoara ago. The only thing to hope is,-that all thi* aplendotrr doe* not really bear any relation to the incomer earned and the diseases to be cored, and that the excellent men who live In these mentions have to keep a very close fist upon things indoors to avoid ruining them, •dree by their display. In leu competitive days there rued to be a rivalry u to whtoh doctor should drive the best equipage, but now the contest seems to be carried on on mom enlarged ground, and the great question la who shall have' the finest house. Perhaps it would pay a young man entering business to rent the Houses of Parliament during the recess, or to pay something handsome to be allowed to putnbraa* piste upon the Treasury door. The dentists. It must be owned, however, seem to be in even more painful abundance than the medical men. They get up their' establishments in various tastes. One will have his house as like an ordinary doctor's as possible. Nothing but a brass plate Indicates the horrible proceedings that are conducted within. Others go in for ground-glass, lettered, in the lower windows, and for making their parlours look like something halfway between a solicitor's office and a very genteel chop. Others ostentatiously exhibit trophies of de cayed teeth, arrayed in names and orna-. mental devioee; hut surely this Indicates a want of judgment—surely professional pride here triumphs ova knowledge of human nature; for what man or woman suffering from toothache wonld feel attracted by this display of ghastly relics, from eveiy deep hollow of which seems to come an echo of that awful "scrunch" which most of know too well? I should not omit to men tion that at the east aid of CoUins- stceet, and shoulder toshonlder with the allopaths, are various homoeopathic establishments, in an apparently thriving vendition. Indeed, I believe that the homoeopathic echobl here has many disciples, who hold firmly to their faith In what has been described as the effi cacy of " nothing, carefully administered." Speaking of the number of persons who evidently get their livelihood by employments whioh one wonld not think there would be more than a very limited scope for, I most not omit to mention the photographers. Whether it has become a custom in Mel bourne to have one's portrait taken every other day I have not heard, but if not, bow all these artiste menage to live I cannot con ceive. Photography seems to be the staple industry of whole rows of houses, and I think a man might bet with safety that he would walk along five miles of Melbourne streets and have his portrait taken, on an average, onoe In every hundred yards. Oases foil of photographs are placed on the kerbstones to draw attention to passages fall of photographs, leading to the apartments where the afflicted son is kept drawing people's likenesses all day. The prices of these works of art seem for the most part to be low: but I have not yet come across an establishment in which PimA'i suggestion is carded out, and a photograph, a sandwich, and a glass of ale supplied for sixpence, so I have not yet had my portrait taken since my return to Melbourne. 