MISCELLANEA. American Griselda to married daughter who has had a tiff with that brute at home:—" Angelina, be patient. If your husband chews, thank God he does'nt smoke. If he chews and smokes, thank God he does'nt take snuff. If he aoes all three, thank God he'll not live long.*' A Chemical Thee.—The formation of a chemical tree by crystals of sulphate of copper in a very diluted solution of silicate of potash, is described by M. Jules Favre. On the bottom of the vase covered with well-washed sand, should be placed some pieces of bichromate of potash, and the sulphate of copper should be sprinkled over the sand. The tree rises vertically, and gives out branches, inclining towards the horizon, at an angle common to all, and more acute in proportion as the solu tion is more concentrated. The excitement occasioned by die Pour talees sale has now subsided, and people are beginning to wonder how the articles, and pictures especially, realised such enor mous prices as they did; h propos of which, when the " Innocence" of Greuze was instanced, for which 105,200 irancs were given, a Parisian observed that inno cence was so difficult to be found in Paris that the price could not be excessive. Excommunication.-—Father Ignatius ] has excommunicated two of his monks for drunkenness and misbehaviour to their superior. The excommunication took place on Thursday night, after the ordi j nary vesper service. The alter was then I draped in black, and previous to the ex I communication, the details of which had J been sent down by Father Ignatius in a I lengthy document, the lights were extin I guished. This was a part of the arran^e | ments prescribed, and immediatelygt took I place there were some hisses from the | spectators. These were quickly silenced j by a rebuke from the prior, Brother Cyp I rian, and the event of die evening then 1 commenced, the excommunication bein^ conducted by the prior. * J Dog and Cat.—Canine affection for I the preservation of life will be illustrated | by the following remarkable incident: | About twelve o'clock on' Saturday la&t; | some mischievous boys threw over the Maida-hill bridge, Kilburn-road, a large black cat, evidently with the intention of drowning it. The cat, with as many lives I as it is traditionally reputed to have, stru® | gled hard for life, and for some minutes en j deavoured to keep its head above water • I however, when Pass was about to give up the ghost, a gentleman happened to pass J with a good-sized, terrier dog, and at once j directed the dog's attention to the diffi I culty of poor Puss; the gallant terrier at once dashed in and swam to the rescue, but his friendly efforts met with such j" claw'sh" embracements, that several I times he was obliged to retire. At length, I after watching his opportunity, he siezed thereat by the thick end of the tail, and, j amidst the cheers of the "bystanders' brought Puss ashore. A case of this I is probably not on record.—Field. j Great Vineyard. *— A Califbrnian I paper says:—" The Buena Vista Vineyard j in Sonoma County, is the largest in the world. It consists of 6,000 acres, 272,000 1 vines planted previous to 1865, 'and 700,000 planted, or to be planted, this year. Last year the yield was 42,500 j gallons of still wine, 60,000 bottles of 1 sparkling wine, and 12,500 gallons of j brandy. One hundred men are Constantly J employed, and double that number during j the vintage. There are 8,000 fruit-trees, J and 2,000 varieties of grapes." j President Davis's Silver Pjlate. I —A Richmond letter has the folio win »• j" Last night a coffee or tea set, formerly J used by Jeff. Davis, and sold at auction, J with a quantity of silver plate, previous to I the evacuation of the city by the rebels, j was presented to President Johnson by a I gentleman of Richmond, who purchased J the articles at the auction sale. The J coffee or tea set in question is a perfect I miniature or fac-simMe of a railroad loco j motive, with tender attached. The loco I motive boiler receives the coffee or tea j makes and discharges it through a spig got, a steam whistle indicating when the tea or coffee is ready. The boiler of the locomotive is of porcelain, and the figure of the fireman, of the same material, ap pears on the locomotive vigorously ring ing the bell, which, we suppose, means the breakfast, dinner, or supper bell. The tender, which is an admixture of brass and ■ other metal, carries sugar in an elegant sugar caisson, with goblet for cognacs, and stunning small cut glasses. The sides of the tender are embellished with racks for cigars. The most curious con trivance of all, is the secret music-box lo cated somewhere in the tender, which be ing set, plays eight popular airs, sufficient in length to entertain a breakfast* dinner, or supper table. The whole establishment, engine and tender, rests upon two beau tiful enamelled waiters. Upon the side of the loeomotive, in miniature, is embla zoned, (President Jefferson Davis,' show ing that the testimonial locomotive and tender were built expressly for his use or pleasure. Upon the front, just above where the cow-catcher should be, appears the Confederate national banner and battle flag entwined with the national ensign of Prance." 