THE KAPUNDA HERALD. Friday, March \\(Sth, 1865. THE DAY OF ELECTION. Monday next will witness die perform- - ance of. the second act in the sensation drama of the present time—the election^ when there will only remain; the epilogue to conclude the whole affair. The electors of the District ofLight-: cannot complain of .the SmalhiesS of the number of candidates - from whomthej* have to choose, seemgt'jere are sixj whush" is a greater number than has . cbme for-, ward for any other district; Of these candidates there are three not new to thesphereto whichthey aspire, Mr.' Button having been a member not only-of the elective Parliament ance the new Constitution; btit also previously of the old Council.- He, therefore; may be con sideredas^iiite at ^omein^arliameiitary life. Mt. .Coglin a during two Parliaments, and Mr. Grundy during one. So fai then^tfooseiare con cerned who ' would wishtokeep iii Only experienced Parliamentarians,. thereare ihnse toselectfrom, whose fcnrn^r',pi^c^e^>f ings-inthe'House form a ggod ;md^ &-to wHati their future line, of action wi|l,5j®y . wl^trfor . th^e #hov t^^ 7diaitl/^s in orf ; dinfiiy lifey so M legislatorial, the intro* duQ&m; of new.blood is a. 4^ideratami,s. there, are; also three :new "Candidates' to; choose from, one representingthe agricul tural and. mechanical interests;1 another being a practising barristeF, :who takes his stand as , the advocate of civil andreligieus liberty j and thethird having had .a legal education, bnt not being in pracric'', who unfurls the -banaer- of /' Land and Law RefonnJ" • Sfirely, from the six candidates: two goM inen may be chosenyand it i&the; duty of the electors to weigh - seriously the various qualificatious of eaeh,and to vote for thos8 twb who inay, in their several estimations, be best fitted for the honourable position to which all six aspire, bat to- which-two only can atfain^ We consider that the elector will be de priving himself ~of half his privilege who plumps. " There is no one of the candi dates - who: can fill the place of two mem bers: let none, therefore, be content with selecting one good candidate, bnt endeavour to retnrn those whom.. they conscientiously believe to he the two best. We would not wish to influence, or in any way lead the opinipn of the electors as to who may or; may not be the two best men:; tor : that - is a .matter, which each shodld consider for himselfj and be gtiided solely by the dictates of his own reasoning pow&s.; Itwijl, /no.^oubt,.be a patter on wl^icfa there wSl^Be'^i&rence; of opinion—some ^preferring one couple, and another a second p£ir;" but let each, use his ownjudgment iu returning his favourites, and not attempt to interfere .with the rights of his neighbour to do likewise, andall will endwelL The dif ference of opinion and the excitement which prevail should notbe allowed to grow into personal animosity; but each must be willing togivethe other credit for the same honesty of purpose, even if that purpese should not run in the same groove ashisown. '--r- ^ •• ..... In conclusion, we would remind the electors of the district that next Monday, the 13th instj their votes wiil be received at die various polling places throughout the;district, by the Returning Officer and his deputies, from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., and that - upon themselves depend the result. Let us have a good proportion of. /votes .as' compared v-with/iiM- iannrber of gofers mi gistered/ ' An iaqnest was held on Wednesday last, by J~S. Browne, Esq., at the house of Mr. Fraser, near the locality, as to the origin of,.# fire on Messrs. Scott arid Bfopks's Itun, near Mount Hufiii, which destrdj'ed a$oht sixty sc^uWe jiiUes ^f feea. It -appears - that the hre originated la. a paddock belonging to a man named Deh ringf froma tree'having'been get on fire byii boy' namfed William Maruschki, which feli^jand $at' fife to the high grains. Hie jury returned the following verdict?-— " That the;-fiie originated from the wilful negligence of the: jbSiy William JSjtaruschki, in. carelessly and wantonly setfipg fire to a tree, near to which the grass was stand ing." The following rider was attached to the verdict" That great blame #as attached to Dehring, lor burning stubble without taking the necessary precautions," Missionary Meeting.—The Rev. J. G. Paton, late missionary to Tanna, paid another , visit to otir^town. On Wednes day last, at half-past six o'clock, the chil dren from the various Sabbath-schools in this place assembled at the Congrega tional Churffb, when Mr. Paton gave them interesting details, of Missionary work among the . children in . Tanna, and ex hibited some idols. At half-past seven o'clock, there -was a public meeting held, at which' a large numberwere present, who. listened with the. deepest ihterejst to the thrilling1 account of his labours and sufferings the missionary cause, and his earnest appeal for help. Two years agOj the contributions of Australian chil dren purchased the missionary ship, Day spring. She .is now in Port Adelaide, on tffer way to the Islands, further helo will be needed to carry on the work so well -begun. The collection amerciated 'to £8 15s. 6d.... ; ; , - SabbAtS school Treat.-MDu Thurs 'ifey, M^rcit % the childrenof the Con gregational Sabbath-School received their treat. They were taken into the country, where they enjoyed , many games,? and. -having partaken of tea, they returned to the Congregational Church, where the Rev. M. Williams, Messrs. Lewis, Green wood, and Stock, amused and instructed them by the exhibition of a magic lan tern, kindly lent by E. W. Wright, Esq., of Adelaide. Addresses were delivered' by Messrs. Williams. Oldham. Items, and stobie. . 1 ^ T«r geminations on Monday in the various districts otherth&npj;^ -oiPrtx-h^d! ;the following' result:— | East Adelaide. — The candidates proposed I "were three in number—Messrs. Reynolds, Santo, -and Beauehajnp. .There being more than the 'requisite Candidates, farther proceeding were adjourned to the 13th insl. ■ West Adelaide.—The following fire gentlemen were duly nominated for the district—Messrs , VereOj Boucaut, Fuller," Bray, and Martin, J in this district there will also have tobe an "J' appeai to the ballot-box. -■„ : . Yatala—The tiro former members.- Mie'sr^ rGlyde and Cavenagh, were the only candidates proposed, and were, therefore, declared dulv elected. : The jSfoirt—Messrs. Andrews and Peacock, the former members, were also declared duly elaefced, there being no opposition. ... AW/un^a.—Messrs. Coltpn, Cany'and Prim mer wereduly nominated—the "best two ou~ of three" to be decided on election day. ' (-"■ -Mount Barker. —Messrs. Dunn,. Herbert, and Rankine were duly nominated;, and in this , district, also, the election has to be <ywife«fed. J Encounter jBay.—Messrs. Ererard and Suther land, being unopposed, were duly returned. j_ On 'Saturday great excitement prevailed -in our township respecting the rumoured candidateship of Mr. Stow, and several telegrams were sent, or attempted to be sent, assuring hiin of support; Seeing -how well'he then stood in the dfetric&of; Victoria, he did not become a candidate, and the result is that if Mr. R. I. .Stow chooses to retain office so long, the Attorney-Generalship will be a non-poli tical office for the next three months. We. are sorry to hVve again to find | fault with the railway authorities, but the trains have of late been so much behind time that no dependence could be placed on the stated time for receiving letters. In some instances. the afternoon mail has not arrived at the Post-Office in time to be delivered before the preparation for despatching the afternoon mail - {during* which time the Post-Office is. closed) -had commenced | and, therefore, there was no opportunity of answering by return of post. The trains have also been equally late in the evening. The postal autho rities would fine a private contractor for a delay of this kind, and they should possess I some control over the railway authorities in these matters. We are happy to state that in two in stances for which tenders have been called for building in our township lately, the tenders of our towsnmen have been ac cepted;' the, Messrs* Pry having obtained i ■the contract for Mr. Harden's new shop, <&c.;,. and. Mr. Mahson that for Mr. Thomson's dwelling hon3e. ' Our readers need hot go so far as Pro fessor Peppier7 s laboratory to see a ghost. We saw a substantial one in our office on Tuesday last. The. Register publishes a letter from Mr. Morris, in answer to a former epistle from Mr. T. Saint, in which it is stated that John Hill, on i of the sailors of H.M.S. Buffalo hoisted the first flag in Holdfast Bay on the arrival of Governor Hindmarsh, but that the said John Hill died in the Colony about eight years since. Mr. John Hill and Mr. Saint weEe in our office on the day aforesaid \ and certainly a, better-looking ghost we would not wish to see. It is quite a de - lusion to suppose that ghosts are thin, and devoid of substanc *, for this was y. stout, robust, hearty-looking spectre $ and had it not been for the Register's correspondent?s information, we should certainly have believed our visitor to be still considerably in the ile*h, the more particularly as the mode of exit adopted was anything- hut orthodox, the semblance yani'hiKg- • through" "an open door, instead of the usual mode of egress, through the wall, floor, or ceiling. (Since the above was in type the Register has pubished a letter from our respected townsman, the ■Rev. Morgan Williams, correcting Mr. Morris's error.) -We would direct the attention of our readers to a notice in another column of j the lecture night at Crase's Room in con nection widithe Kapunda Institute; We : must congratulate the Committee on • having secured the: services of Professor ; Hamilton/ who is the most success! x\ lec turer who has visited Kapunda^ and whose successful delineations of character, have on each occasion been soi Wonderful; but his chef d oeucre was that of last Fri ; the . blindfolded examination of I Messrs. Oldham and Lewis's heads, which we have heard exceedingly, praised. TheEnglish mail is-due at Glenelg on Saturday next. Yesterdays Elections. — For East Adelaide—Messrs Baynolds and Santo were duly returned; for West Adelaide—Messrs. Boucaut and, .Fuller; for West Torrens—Messrs Strang ways anl Pickering. The Noariunga Elections are not settled, there being a dispute as to- the validity of the elections, the Poll Cierkjtiaving initia led the voting papers instead of the Deputy ileturning OfScsr. \- Professor Bushell's Entertainment came off last Bight,: and vim well attended. The first part; consisting of- electrical 6xpferiment8j vent off verywell, and excited great amusement,-es-v pecially the ignition oftheironwire, aridthe wbrking ofthemodel eagioe by &eetricfty.; Professor Belew'e rope-freeing feat' was ad mirable j MeSSsra. W. C. Oldham " anl laglis securely tied hiiii with thirty feet rope-to & • chair, an3in two inmates arid forty seconds he liberated himself, to. the great astonishment «f; all present.' In the Rleetro-Biology part of the entertainment, the Professor was not so happy - as we hare known him to be.' He announces a second performance for to-morrow night, and intimates that he shall get thefdom. better lighted for that occasion. ProFessor Belew " gives a free lecture,; arid operates on horsesthis afternoon, and continues the course to- morrow. 