THE MAGAZINES OF THE MONTH. Not the least welcome arrival by the moil is the usual butch of new books, magazines, and reviews, the perusal of which furnishes such a pleasant relief from the routine of colonial politics. The magazines for December present no features of extraordinary interest; but -upon the whole they fully sustain- the high character of British periodi cal literature. ' Blaclcwood is generally the most tempting 'of.- the periodicals, ' even to opposite classes of readers— those who appreciate sound and dispassionate criticism upon current events «s well as the admirers of mere fiction. Time appears to mellow the good qualities of 'Old Ebony,' and even to develope others not inferior. Better numbers than the present we have certainly seen, but still each paper is vivid ?with interest. Perhaps the most readable is the narrative of a year's adventures in the camps and «itieB of the Southern Confederacy by one who re presents himself as a British ' Cavalry Officer.' 'Without materially adding to our information, this gives an amusing account of his impressions of secession during the year 1863-4. His sympathies are decidedly Southern, and he appears to believe not only in the justice of the Confederate cause, but in its ultimate success. He repeats all the etories of Federal excesses, and suggests a contrast in favor of- the Confederates, the leaders being heroes and the soldiers models of sobriety. He describes the negroes in the camp as 'a great study,' their predominant feelings being hatred of the Yankees and love of their Southern masters ! .As an illustration of the Confederate determina tion to hold out to the last, he quotes a somewhat ?remarkable observation addressed to him by an -energetic officer :— ' We'll fight them, sir, till hell Sreezes'— said this worthy— 'and then, sir, we'll ifight them on the ice!' He appears, indeed, to, ihave fallen in with some very eccentric specimens of Secessionists, judging from the following anec tfkftB-.— 'i' sat one evening with a party of three before ?the door of the hotel, and they were talking red hof'secesh' politics. AH regretted that the American colonies had ever -separated from Eng land ; and though they professed to admire Wash ington personally, yet they heartily wished he had ?never been born. One went so far as to d ? n ?Christopher Columbus — « what business on earth,' 'he said, ? had he to come and discover this God :forsaken country ?' ? Yes, sir,1 said another, ad dressing himself to me, ' it was a Yankee trick, Bir ; ithey cheated us as they have done ever since. We .'didn't want to quarrel with England, but they did, because they had been kicked out of the country -with their mayflower and their Puritans. D ? n tfhem, I wish they had all been drowned at the bottom of the sea. And they didn't want to fight, sir ; and we Southerners, like fools, went and fought it «n(. -f/v* tViom no fliotr nrA TnaMnc flifiir Dutch and Irishmen fight for them now, sir. No Yankee is ever killed in battle, sir — not at least to speak of,' he added, in modification to this' rather untenable proposition.' ?Occasionally, as in this extract, a spice of sarcasm * is perceptible, in spite of all his enthusiasm. Heie :ia another anecdote decidedly more amusing than jprobablo. The Southerners are of course not nearly so commercial a race as the Yankees, but still they are much given to 'trading' amongst each other; and the other day at an hospital in Gettysburg, an artilleryman, whose leg was to be taken off, no sooner knew that amputation was decided upon by Ahe doctors, than he turned to another wounded man on the next bed, and, before the operation was performed, had ' traded' the boot which was henceforth . to be of no use to him. ' My Latest Vacation Excursion' is an extremely spirited and agreeable account of a tour through ? the Austrian and Bavarian Alps, the writer of which has not only a keen eye for the picturesque, but a mind stored with such associations as render the scenery of his wandering classical ground. He appears to take special delight in describing the lakes and \- livers on his way, and is not a little daring in some of his criticisms. Fancy his confession that he *' dislikes the Ehine district as a country to walk in, on account of its dry, thirsty vineyard scenery ; ' and that he ' dislikes sailing on the river, on account of its dirtiness ! ' Why, this is flat blas phemy 1 He is more complimentary to the lakes and streams of Salzburg and the Tyrol, however, the tinge of whose water he describes as very beau tiful— something like the beryl or aquamarine. These bright waters, he admits, are delicious in appeasing the thrist, bub marvellously tantalising to the weary traveller in search of a bath. His ? reference to this point is not a bad specimen of the quiet humor running through the entire sketch : — ' These valleys are not a place suited for following the example of some young fellows whom I re inember Buffering grievously from the baking sun in a hot valley iu the Grampians, far remote from man. As they wero every now and then stripping ' and plunging into the nice little claret-colored pools Binder the pretty waterfalls, the thought occurred — \vas it worth while putting, on all their raiment 'again for the short interval before the next dip ? It was decided in the negative ; and, each tying up in a bundle his whole raiment, the shoes excepted, the party marched on by the ridge of a hill, feeling _inext to absolute certainty that for many hours they would meet with no human being. They were mis taken, howover; for to their consternation they beheld creeping up from the valley below, and likely to flank them a little ahead, a few human beings, looking from the distance like black beetles. Prom information subsequently acquired, it was be lived that those formed '' a Presbyterian visitation,' consisting of certain clergymen and elders of the Church of Scotland, whose function it was to cross ihe uninhabited wilds and hold Christian and ' social intercourse with the inhabitants of the ;next strath. These grave personages, soeing 4he classical forms on the skyline of the hill, urei'Q doubtless exceedingly enriouo as to tho solution of the phenomenon, and made such rapid approaches towards it, that what waB to be done^waa a problem. At first tho classical figures took to leaping and yelling, with the best imitation they could make of the Sioux war- cry. Finding this of no effect, they set to hurling down boulders ; and though these wore not aimed at the invaders, but ?merely, in nautical language, athwart their bows, the menacing demonstration had the desired -effect ; and the sight that greeted their eyes on that occa sion may yet, for all I know, be an unsolved pro blem, discussed at presbytery dinners, and set down by the sagacious as an optical delusion. _ No— it WOUul D6 aUBOlUW) XJUBnaiiuj w »*J »— ? valleys. In fact, when sorely tempted to a plunge into the transparent liquid, when you think that you have got yourself finely hidden behind a rock or a bush, if jou look round before committing yourself to extremities, you will probably find that you are carefully watched by the gentle eyes of amadchen or two, who have placed themselves in a position, unobtrusive perhaps, but suitable to their determi nation of watching the queer and unaccountable motions of the foreigner to their practical conclu sions,' 'Aunt Ann's Ghost Story' is a well-written ac count which an English lady gives of a romantic adventure in an old Muscovite castle. ' Tommy Butler' approaches the closing scene, the pre sent chapters leaving the hero in the enjoy ment of a termer interview with Alice Trafford. Cornelius O'Dowd's lucubrations touching men, women, and other things in general, is quite as pretentious as usual, and accordingly just as disap-' pointing. . Eraser opens with a gloomy, but rather incon sistent, article upon Ireland, that extraordinary country not having realised the promise of. 'im- provement and repose' which her condition seemed to indicate a few year3 ago. He states that the ' disoontent, disaffection, and crime, ever latent in the peace of the nation,' have latterly obtained un due development, and that all the bad ele ments- of party and factions have obtained new life since the inauguration of the O'Connell monument last year, the immediate results of which were the Belfast riots. He admits, however, in spite of his grumbling, that she is now ' ia a fair ? way of material improvement ; and even in a moral point of view she is not altogether beyond hope.' 'Agrarian crimes.' he says, ' are rare compared with what they were but a few years ago.' He advocates the removal of the viceroyalty, and the merging of the Irish Government in the Home Office, together with the appropriation of the revenues ef the Irish Church, and a division of the money among the various religious communities upon an equitable principle. A relief upon this dreary topic is furnished by the contribution of ' Stephen Rugge,' a story which becomes of more absorbing interest everv month. Victor Hugo's Vie cle Sha7cs peare obtains a general and appreciative review. Henry Ottley concludes his ' Notes on Diplomacy and Diplomatic History,' with an exposure of the evils inflicted by the system of secret diplomacy upon the affairs of the Ottoman Empire. Much of what Mr Ottley says is obviously true, but in his dislike of the system, and his zeal for the diplo matic service, he loses sight of tho necessity which now and then renders Becrecy absolutely in dispensable. ' A Campaigner at Home' concludes his series of papers by a panegyric on some of the Scottish Royalists— Montrose, Dundee, Kilmarnock, &c.; He recapitulates the heroic names on whose behalf he has pleaded for sympathy — Montrose, Lacordairo, Blake, Cavour, Wilson, the Napiers, &0, ? and winds up by affirming that the special and vital element of union between men whose careers and characters were so widely separated was imagi nation. Ho will be considered ? somewhat hetero dox, indeed, for his ideas concerning this faculty : — ' Tho imagination made Napier a great general, and Cavour a great statesman, as it made Buona rotti a great artist and Milton a great poet. The imagination is tho 'great consummate flower' of the mind ; and.when the imagination is absent, the intellect — never working with supremo felicity — never atttains to supreme excellence. Religion itself is an exercise of the imagination ; anda pro saio religion is a contradiction in terms — imply- ing, as it does, a false or radically inadequate con ception of the Divine nature. In this sense, it may be said, quite truly, that many 'religious' people know less of the Christian religion than the un believers whom they denounce ; and that the Record newspaper— to take an extreme case— has no religion whatever.' . . Not tho least agreeable' feature of this number . is one of those quaint, gossipping papers, which we alwayB expect from the pen of -l » it- tr U II 4-lia ' P.iwnt.nT Pnvnnn ' TTft now writes ' Concerning Ten Years, with some amount of things learned in them.' Apropos of money, and the way we thought and felt about it a decade ago, listen to his digression :— ' There are many people who would do almost anything for money. I speak of people who maintain a reputable character. There are too many who would get money by any means whatever ; who, to that end, would cut a throat, would swindle a poor wretch out of his last shilling, would forge a will, would marry an.inf amous woman. But of these last I am not thinking now. I think of people who go to church and the like ; and think themselves ex tremely good and respectable. I have known one or two farmers, paying a rent of a good many. hun- dreds a year, who would tell you a lie to get a half crown by it. I have known, too, many persons, in 'a humbler rank, whom it would have been very un safe to trust with untold copper. And there are respectable households where the pervading atmos phere keeps ceaselessly, though Bilently, saying, ' Get money ; rightly if you can ; but get money.' You have not come to that, my reader : but perhaps you may bo willing to confess that ten years' ex perience has made you stand a good deal in awe of money. You have seen what it can do; you have seen what the want of it can do. How much evil, what misery and destitution, what sin and ruin, every clergyman in a large town parish has seen come of the want of money 1 Let it be said that to? utter ffaut o* it ia inmost oases .tUo consequence of sin, as well as tho cause of sin and misery : but, sad to say, the consequence often falls on those who have nothing to do with the cause. Here let' me say that if you had seen and known, you would wish to see the boasted liberty of the British subject sharply interfered with in two not uncommon cases. When the father of a family of poor little children is a skilled workman, who could maintain them, and maintain himself, in comfort and respectability if he chose to work steadily : and when he does not choose to work steadily, but earns just enough to keep himself generally drunk, leaving his wife and children to starve by cold and hunger ; I don't hesi- ' tate to say that I wish that man was treated as Vir ginian slaves are ; and made to work under the lash to earn that which may support those he is bound to maintain. A man who does not know how to use freedom has no right to it. After a certain length of time of such accursed heartless ness and cruelty and selfishness as I have known, let that man's liberty bo. forfeited : let him be taken and made to labor as a slave in public charge ; and let what he earns be applied to support his wife and children. It would be mercy to himself ; but the truth is I don't care a straw for himself. Charitable people are placed in a cruel dilemma by such cases. If you support the poor hungry children, you are just encouraging their blackguard father to go on in his evil ways. And on the other hand, you cannot let them perish : you will not willingly let them suffer. My other case, in which a righteous inter ference with personal liberty is demanded, is that of poor creatures who have acquired an invincible habit of drunkenness. After a while, they cannot retrieve themselves and reform. In their sober moments, they speak as reasonably as mortal can of the insanity which possesses them : they tell you truly that they cannot help it. The sight of a whiskey-shop or a gin-palace is such an over whelming temptation. As regards drinking, their case is hopeless as was Sir Walter Scott's as re garded writing. When that great man knew it was Jrilling him to write, he could not cease. You re member his sad comparison. ' Molly might as well put the kettle on the fire, and say, ' Now, don't boil!'' Now, such wretched drunkards as I have mentioned would, when in their right mind, be thankful to put themselves under some irresistible power ; thankful for some iron hand that would come in and save them from themselves. Surely the day will come when the law will come in and save them. Already, the law will not allow a woman to walk on a rope a hundred feet from the ground, and the like. It will abridge your liberty, by taking care of you against your will, physically. Why not morally?' This is a fair average number of Macmillan's. In addition to the two tales, ' The Son of the Soil,' and Henry Kingsley's ' Hillyards and the Burtons,' both of which are continued very spiritedly, Lord Hobart contributes an essay up'pn the policy of National 'Intervention;' and Professor Maurice, in the form of a letter to a colonial clergy man, . comments ably upon ' some recent ecclesiastical movements in the diocese of Cape Town and in England.' Mr Maurice is anxious, by the tone of this letter, to show ' how thoroughly he is convinced that the Bible is now, as it was in past time, the great and effectual testimony on behalf of God's kingdom, and therefore of human freedom. Whatever weakens its power,' he re marks, ' is, I am satisfied, injurious to both. But I am also satisfied that all injuries will strengthen its power, and that ecclesiastical courts, under pretence of exalting it, will do all that in them lieB to make it a dead letter, to crush it under their interpretations, to hide it from the people.' The editor also contributes some agreeable re miniscences of Edinburgh University, under the sen sational title of ' Dead men whom I have known.' Glancing over the contents of Cornliill, we are attracted by the name of John Leech ; and tnrn ning to the page, we find a brief but able sketch of him, in whose death it has been well said that 'nearly every home in England has lost a friend.' Thewriter's heart is evidently in his theme, but, in spite of that, he furnishes a discriminative review, and not a wholesale panegyric of the career of his lost friend. Wo subjoin a touching refe rence to the last hour of the artiBt : — ' And he who had made himself our friend by the incessant correspondence which he kept up with us has passed away— destroyed by overwork, and the impossibility of finding rest. He had become nervous, sleepless, easily disturbed by noise, and latterly his nervousness had taken tho form of angina pector'is, or in plain English, breast-pang. Although this is a very -dangerous malady, which is said to dep,troy life by causing spasm of the heart ; and, although it was necessary to warn Mr Leech against all excitement— as walking, quick riding, and over work—it was not supposed that ho was iu im mediate danger ; and if he could only find rest and freedom from anxiety, great hopes were en tertained of his recovery. He was naturally, how ever, of anxious mind, and in his weak state of health was easily overset. A barrel-organ was to him an instrument of fierce torture ; if a dog barked in the night, he would watch with morbid wakefulness to catch again the tormenting yelp; and a wheelwright, that at early dawn plied his hammer near him, he had to bargain into silence. At the same time, a generous disposition had led him to undertake responsibilities which wore him down. On the day before his death, he wrote to his kind friend and publisher, MrEvanB, that ho had been suffering from 'much annoyance and disturbance.' The end of the Bad story has been told in the news papers, but one cannot help dwelling on it, in the knowledge that if Mr Leech could have found rest and peace, he might have lived to delight us for many years to come. On that Friday before his death, Dr Quain assured him that his only chance was in rest; and when, a few hours before ho fainted away, he asked Mr Hutchinson's permis sion to work at some drawing— the last unfinished sketoh of the lady and tho dog— it was given only on the express understanding that it would be an amusement to him. Three hours afterwards, no physician being near him — Dr. Quain being out of town, and his other medical friends having left him to rest — his pain returned to him, and in the an guiah of it he died. His pain came to him almost while he was in the act of catering for our enter tainment, and he who. has done more than per haps any of his contemporaries, not oven except ing Mr Dickens (for no art of words can in thia reBnoot Jteep pace with that of. tUo penoil), to amuso the present generation, died in agonies which he said were too great to be endured. _ The news of his death rang through London with a dismal shock. ' There was a great cry in Egypt, for there was not a house where, there was not one dead.' In what homo was not John Leech an inmate ? Personally ho shunned observation ; he was always very quiet and retiring ; and few but friends could recognise his handsome face and fine tall figure in a crowd— not even when he rode past on Red Mullet, a pony for him at least so diminutive that people declared it was not a pony at all, but Punch's dog Toby doing duty for one. He, however, who was so little known to sight, was, for a private person, the best known man in England, and his death was a death in our homes.' After this, the most noticeable article in the number is tha£ entitled 'A Convict's Views of Penal Discipline,' being the opinions of ' a man who baa had unfortunate experience of life in English prisons and in the panal settlements of Australia,' upon the present method of dealing with convicted criminals. He distinguishes the offenders against the law into two great classes— the 'dangerous class,' or thieves by education and profession; and the 'respectable class, who are not thieves at all, but who have committed a theft upon some strong provocation.' Touching the first, he gave good grounds for believing that reformation is all but an impossibility, tho only chance being through such prisons as that of Pentonville. The companionship of the convict ship, on the voyage out to the penal settlements, is a corrupting process, which permanently depraves the prisoner's nature ; and that of the chain-gang completes his 'profes- sional education.' He advocates moderate punishment for the second class, from whom he considers ' society has but little to apprehend.' Of Western Australia, he gives a very gloomy account, so far as the free as well as the convict population are concerned ; and which would lead to the con clusion that, irrespective of our remonstrances, the b jme Government would now have to stop trans portation thither as a matter of necessity. By the ? way, the opening paper of this month is the com mencement of tho second book of Armadale ; and ? the chapters given are at least equal to the first, in every respect. ' Who is the Heir ?' is the title of a new story commenced in the Dublin University Magazine; and of the first chapters we can only say that they are tolerably well written. ' Italy in 1864,' groups together, very readably, the salient facts which enter into the- present ' situation' of the new kingdom of Italy, and presents some plausible speculations as to the effect of the Franco-Italian Convention. Another paper in this number draws an ingenious parallel between Balzac and Thackeray, not only as to the style of their writings, but the circumstances of their lives and , literary career. In the articles on the ' The Circassians,' the writer sketches the history of the gallant race who, after all their heroic struggles, are now at last compelled to yield up their country to swell the already over grown dominions of the Czar. ' To-morrow we shall forget them,' he predicts, ' and for many to morrows ; but before the next century is old, wo shall remember them perhaps with shame and self reproaoh.' He then speaks of the character of the gallant but ill-fated Tcherkossesi'-r 11 Frank in speech, faithful to their promises, they are the very soul of honor. That Tch'erkesa must indeed be poor at whose door the beggar cries in vain. : Their reverence for old age is remarkable. The greybeard's voice subdues alike the cry of rage and the tongue of the babblor. Temperate and frugal in their habits, their hospitality knows no bounds. A coward they treat with the mo3t sove reign contempt. If in good health, ho is an outcast from society; if an invalid, he is compelled to live and herd with their dogs.' What an idea of the overahadowiug power of Russia we conceive when we find her trampling the national life out of such races as the Poles and Cir cassians—cowardly and selfish Europe gazing un moved upon the spectacle. In addition to the three stories which have so long imparted a feverish interest to Temple Bar—' ' The Dootor's Wife,' 'Broken to Harness,' and ' Paid in Full ' — this number contains the first chapter of a new tale entitled ' David Chantrey,' which promises to be at least equally sensational. Mr Sala continues his photographs of the ' Streets of the World ' by dashing off the Thurnmarkt of Cologne. Mary Brotherton gracefully continues some of Savage Landor's Imaginary Conversations. As this is material enough so far to form an excel lent number, we need only add that there is an unusual variety of light, miscellaneous articles. St. James's Magazine has undergone an extra ordinary metamorphosis, inasmuch as, from being the dreariest of periodicals, it now bids fair to bo one of the most sensational. Hero wo have tho first chapters of ' Only a Clod,' from the stimulat ing pen which revealed Lady Audloy's Secret — not to speak of ' Working in the Dark,' by Paul Feval. Then there is Baron Reichonbaoh's 'Theory of KisBing,' the very title of which is sensational, and — probably as a counterpoise — the Rev. Mr Davies presents ' Proto ; a Foreglimpse of Heaven.' Wo fancy the St. Jamei'a must havo changed its circle of readers as well as tho characteristics which rendered it a repository of dulness. The Christmas number of London Society ia generally the best pubh'shed during the year— (no extravagant praise, to bo sure)— and tho present is no exception. A pretty young woman at Jackson, Michigan, has been carrying on the recruiting business in a novel manner. She marries a man on condition that he will enlist and give her his bounty. She b sing Btrikingly handsome, the man consents. After he is gone she marries another. Four menhaB she married and sent to the army, On the fourth ocoa eion slie. was detected, 