YACHTING GOSSIP. TIio loas of tha Enid, a yaobt of about 10 tons, belonging to Commodore Sir William Wisomun, ia ono af thoBo most inexplicable occurrences whicli sometimos tako place. The first information of tho afluir was extremely moagro, and,beyond the fuot of tho four ofllcora hoing sured, and two seamen lost, very little light has been thrown upon tho mishap. It appears that four ofllcora of tho frigates Curacoa and Brisk, with twp seamer",, loft_ . the Curacoa on Sunday evening, oin a trip to Broken Bay, about 14 milos north of Sydney lies els, tho well known fisherman Johnny Macdonald was solicitod to go as pilot, but ha refused to accept the remuneration odored. The IDuid from tho information gleaned from the ovidenco of the Hon.! Mr Meade, ono of the officers, loft tho Heads about midnight, and when about 2 miles seaward of the Long Beef sha waa filled by a succession - of rollers, whicli'they wore unable to avoid. Mr Meado ,. appears to have hold on to-the vessel, but succeeded ufter considerable exertionJn, reaching the beach whoro he found the other three*'gentlemen, but no trace of tho unfortunate seamen, tho body of ono, (Lilly) was re- covered 3 days aftor in tho witter, close to the spot whoro they landed. I should be Börry to impeach tho seaman- ship of tho gentleman who appeared to have been in command, but it strikes mc that if ho had follovred-the vrell-know sailing directions they must havo escapod áll danger. .' Jb"rom Long Point, 5 miles north of Port Jackson a ?? ' dangerous reef extends upwards of 3-quarters of a milo, to avoid it, keep .Port Jackson light-house open of North Head bearing'S. by N." Tho weather was extremely variable on Sunday, about S p.m., tho wind carno from tho South Dost in sharp squalls, tho glass riding as it invariably docs for a southerly. At about 7 p.m., tho wind had gone mora to tho Eastward ; altogothor," it was not weather in which any of our regular yachtsmen would have gone outsido, particularly on a dark night/ more especially when a few hours detention would have given daylight, and run with a fair wind could hare been mado in two hours. Mr Meado says they jibed dévorai times ; with tho wind, auything to the eastward and the swell setting in shore, as it always doeB, they must have been going steadily on to tho edge of tho rollers after passing Bluo ï'ish ; and Mr Meade must have sadly miscalculated tho distance when he says they wcro two miles off tho long reef. . '1'hero is no doubt they were caught in the edge of the rollers on tho "Northern sido of the reef, and must have been within a quarter of a mile of thu eli oro ; and providential it was that they missed tho reef itsolf, otherwise thoy must inevitably have been clashed to atoms. I como to this concludion without difficulty, as Mr Meado says ho lost sight of tho others directly thc Enid swamped, and was carried by a succession of gigantic rollers on to tho beach where ho found tho other throe offiocrs. Had the Enid been two miles off shore, none would have reached land, all heavily clothed, as I understand', they wore. Again, tho rollers do not extond in any weather moro than half a milo at tho ext romo from tho beach. Tho Enid was fit to keep to sea in much worso weather than Sunday night; and had the proper course, with tho Light. Houso ia sight, been steered, this casualty would not ' have happened, nor would thoro havo been any necessity for jibing. Eren with tho wind due south, ft cutter keeping tho Light Houso in view astern, will carry her . mainsail on the port sido until abreast of tho south head of Broken Bay, whoro. it is usual to wear round and stand in for Barunjo head, round which you como into smooth water at ouco. With tho wind to tho east- ward of south, nnd tho Enid carrying it dead aft, as sho must have dono from having to jibe now and then, it is evident to mo that thoy miscalculated tho distance they had run, and wore houding in for the bight north of tho Lung Rcof, thinking they were standing for tho entrance of Broken Bay. Tho loss of tho boat is nothing com- pared to that of the two unfortunate seamen ; but it is un occurrence that will possibly lead persons to iniayino more danger than really exists, und which might havo boen avoided by ordinary prudonco and fore sight. In your last issuo appears a letter from Mr Lamb, who, in net tho most courteous language, culls me to account for finding fault with his appointment as umpiro of tho Wooloomooloo Bay Regatta, and says thal I have . no right to interfere with tho acts of tho gentlemen who form tho Committee, &o.; I tako it that tho appointmont of any person to fill, either honorary or otherwise, any post connected with public amusements (tho ftmds for which are* provided by public subscription) is a matter of fair and legitimate criticism ; and I maintain my right, ns your nquutic correspondent, to tuko such ex- ception lo Mr Lamb's appointment as tho circumstances warrant. What 1 usk, uro Mr Lamb's experiencics iu yachting and rowing matters, until three or four years back, when ho cn mo forward as a most enthusiastic backer of Poach und McGrat h in their first match with tho G reens on tho Parramatta River, and when, by tho bye, his judgment was not good enough to novo his pockot, ho was totally unknown to the aqtiatio fraternity.; Since then ho has been a member of a'few Regatta Committees, and, undor the control of wiser heads, is no.doubt a use- ful mombor ; but, for tho responsible position of umpire, Mr Lamb is certainly unfitted, riot only by reason ol' his oxcitablo temperament and violent prejudice.-, but also - from a want of a thorough end complete knowledge, of rowing and match sailing. Thora are not half-a-dozan mon in Sydney who; uniting cool, deliberate judgment with sound practicul knowlcdgo of aquatics, are fitted to ful (ll tho duties af an umpiro of a lar^e Regatta liko Wooloomooloo, sud Mr Lamb is decidedly not ono of ' tho number. ' , \ Tho Alerto goes into tho Dry Dock to-day, and I would advise alt yachtsmon to iuspocther beautiful linos. She liss been sailing very well during tho week, going , up and down the harbour Uko a race-horso, seemingly impatient of being limited to tho narrow waters of Port Jackson, and punting for tho freedom of tho wido waters of the Pacific VANDERDKOICEX'S GHOST. 