»OUJR( JFIFTST JNTLRFFTS? V F'; !Sit down, and I'll tell you all about it Charley. and I were engaged.^ and as youth comes but once, we got married^ and left other couples to grow gray, if they liked, on the distant prospect of damask curtains, fine furniture, and trains of servants. Charley did not know the meaning of a "Club house j" and as to the diamonds and satins the shopkeepers flashed in my eyes, I did not give them a thought... We had some nice books, and some choice "engravings. You might have gone into many a pailour on which hundreds had been lavished, and I ked .ours all the better when you came 1 a;k. Snll it wanted something,-^-that we both agreed ; for no house can be said to be properly furnished without a baby. Well, Christmas brought us one, weighing the usual- eight pounds, and as lively as & ciicket. • Such lungs it had ! Charley said it was intended for a minister. Well, now it was all right;- at least it would have been if the baby had not involved a nurse. We had, to be sure, a vague ii'e that we must have one, and as vague an d -a ( of what a nurse was. We thought 1 er a ' good kind of creature, who un Icritood b.iby- dotn, and rifu-< ; . •:'>•> : >r • • . ' , , family arrangfnii'n's. • •. -'.-' Of course;,'th:5 first t.hi:!g • .v • uiuki'. pi'cpuraiiou In slc.i'ji i.i uiv rn./a,. i ..• . Charley was scun oil' in o a d •>• l.-it« SMJM-H chamber; Chnvli'v, whose shaving operations T had w:itc!i"d with such interest; cravats I had tied to suit my own fancy every morning; whoso hair I had brushed up; and—well, never mind tho rest; old maids and old bachelors will deem all this perfectly ridiculous. It was sooti evident that his bran new baby of ours gave nurse an ascendency over us. You might have si-en ibis with h-ilf'an eve, as she folded her ban-Is complacently over her apron-strij:gs, au:l sat down in mv ltttin rockiug-chair i>y the fire <»pp.»r>ite the bed, ami then fixed her basilisk eyes upon mo as Charley left the rooui. Poor Charley ! ho nnther drank, nor smoked, nor g.itnbled; 1 o was too fond of homo for any of uiese things. So he wandered upstairs and down; sat in the parlour staring at the fire ti!l he could bear it no longer," and then stole upstairs to get comforted. .But as ofien as ho didsr, would you believe it ? that woman watched his every movement, just, as if he were in* fringiug some of her rights and immunities. What if he did bring me a sly piece of cake in his pocket/ Who likes to live for ever upon gruel ? What if he did open the .• unblind and let a little blessed sunlight n, when she tried to persuade us into t.'ie belief thai , f it would hurt baby's eyes' ? What, if he did steal one of her knitting needles, when she sat there, evening after evening, knitting round, and round, and round that interminable old gray" stocking, till my nerves were wound up to t-he screaming point ? What if I did tell him that she always set her tucking- • chair upon that loose board in the floor whi -ii • sent forth that ugly squeak, and that she always said, " Bless me!'' and yet at sure to get on it the very next time she sat down ? What if I did tell him that after dinner she always wantel to take a sly nap, and would muffle the baby up in so man}' blankets that it could not cry it it wanted to, and would draw the curtains closely round my bed, and tell me " it was high time that I took a nap," —1, that could never, either by stratagem or. persuasion, be induced to sleep in the day time And what if I did complain to him that she wanted to put a sticky pitch plaster upon my neck, for a little ghost of a cough (occasioned by her stirring,the ashes in the grate too furiously), and that wh6h^Lvl tpped it on the bed-post instead, she-m;dfKered.spitefully, that "a handsom.e'neck would not keep nie out of my What- if I'did-tell him that she trie^^^'.nice little lace collars when she thoipgUt I was asleep at night; though I cannot bear to have anybody messing my things about after I have laid them so orderly in my drawer? And what if ), complained .that she kept pressing mg so constantly to drink detestible porter, under the pretence that its seeonit hand influence might •'make the baby sleep." What if I did do all this?' Was he:,n<vt my : husbai.d? Didn't I tell him everything ? laugh with him ? cry with him ? Aud didn't he like it too ? Of course he did. And poor Charley! he was forlorn too. llis^ cravats were tied like a fright all the time I was confined; his buttons were off his pretty velvet vest; and he hadn't the heart to get his boots blacked. Poor Charley ! Well; that nurse had impudence to tell us at last, that " we acted like two children." Children! We! Us.I The parents of that eight pound baby ! That was the last drop in. our cup. Charley paid her off; and I was soglad when she went, that I laughed till I cried. Then we both drew a long breath, and sat down and looked at the new baby—our baby; and Charley asked me about its little sleepinghabits, and I told him, witli a shake of tho head, that I could not sp i»k definitely on that point." Then we discussed the respective merits of cribs.and;cradles., and the propriety of teaching, at an eddy period, that impressiveline of Mrs Heman's-:— " Night is the time for "sleep V' and then Charley .got up, put on a noiseless jair of slippers, arranged the fire irons, oiled t ie creaking hinge, of the door/ laid a chair over the squeaking' board in the floor, that ho might not tread on it, then gently shaded the night lamp, and looked at me with a sort ot congratulatory nod. r So far well; but in. hanging; his %esfc ov'er-a chair, out rattled V* perfect tempest -pf florins, shillings, and sixpences on the hearjth! Of course,. the,baby awoke, frightened but of I know not how much growth, and screamed till it was black in the face. In vain its poor inexperienced* papa kissed it, scratching its little velvet face* with his rough whiskers.the while ! In. vain we both walked the. floor with it; the fire went out, the lamp went out; and just at daybreak it came to us like a revelation, the sarcastic tone :of the old nurse, as she said, ' Good bye; I- hope you'll get along comfortably with the char baby." And. so "we did. Do you suppose one. night's watching was going to quench our lovey either for the haby or each other ? No, tior a thousand like it; for, ss Dr. Somebody hath it,." it ,was one. of-the kind that was not. born 'to4ie."'" :t . . , . 