Correspondence Extraordinary- Siiaksperian Experiences in the Southern Hemisphere. — Richard the third. The following letter was dropped into Mr. Punch's editorial box, and without any further comment he begs to publish it : — Dear Mr. Punch, I've heard folks say that you he a hit of a smart fellow, hut that you haven't, o-ot much time to snare to visit the theavters. so T thought for once in a way Ed make so bold as to lot you know what I thought of what I saw at one of 'em the other night— I was told that they were going to play Shakspur — now I like Shakspur and think the gentleman as wrote him had his head screwed on right, but as 1 was never at a Iheaytur before, if so be as how I makes any mistakes you must compute it to my hignoranco— Seeing the words " Pay hero " in front of a box, I knocked at a sort of a pigeon hole, and asking " how much?" paid down three shillings, and went up stairs, giving a very horna- mcntal bit of card-hoard to an mid gentleman who was alone in his glory, and looked for all the world as if lie couldn't help it. Well there wore a lot of chaps played a sort of over-to-her, and I was precious glad when it was over too, I can tell you. Then up went the curtain, and on came a hold gout who looked as if he couldn't help it neither — well he got a lot of bad news from two other fellows who had just come from a battle-field without any weapons or armour on — only slippers. Well, after the old gent had cried a good deal and wanted to hold a fire in his hand and waddlo naked in the snow, only there ; wasn't any snow that I could see, on came another gent with a hump- hack in his calf, who said it was winter, that he was a son of New York or some outlandish place — that he was in a hurry — only half made up (he looked like it too), that he kept a score of tailors — had just dressed at the Sun by a looking glass — that he particularly wanted to see his shadow, and that he meant to tread on Henry's head — I suppose when the police wern't looking on — I did not much fancy his looks, and felt glad that he didn't owe me any money — Well he came across the first old gentleman, who certainly abused him like a pick pocket, which made him so angry that he i an him through the body (without drawing any blood too) and told him to go down to — well never mind where — and say with his compliments that he sent him there ; he then told everybody what a villin he was, hut said he meant to keep it dark till his little game was all right After this the coffin : of his murdered victim was brought on, but the body must have shrunk very much, or it must have been a precious tight squeeze, for it was not half as big as he was when ali ve. However one of the bearers having requested him to stand by because the parson wanted to cough (I didn't see no parson so suppose lie was at the Cimetary). Mr. Hunchback, (who was very handy with his sword) went up and told the undertaker to remove his Albert from his r.cck to the top of his head, or ho would smite him for his want of manners and then ordered him to go to Chelsea — He then apologised to a beautiful lady who was going to the funeral without any bonnet on, for having cooked her husband's goose, and a lot of other gooses as well, and then had the impudence to make j love to her and wouldn't take " no " for an answer, and at last wheedled her into saving she would marry him, and when she left him, he winked his eye, said she was a queer one, that he didn't particularly want her and didn't mean to keep her long. Well, to cut a long story short, he married her, and then got rid of her, smothered her two nephews, got made a sovereign, and a precious had one too, cut his friend's head off when he found Morton had fled to Richmond (which ho hadn't because I heard that he preached last Sunday). However this Richmond , seemed to stick in his gizzard for he cursed and swore, and strutted and i ranted, and bellowed and blustered, and roared and fumed, whenever : he heard his name mentioned ; and insulted his mother, and had bad dreams, and saw ghosts and ghostesses, and got frightened at a gentle man who came in quite promiscuous, and said he was the early village cock, and at last agreed to fight Richmond for a Crown a side in a field called Bosworth ; and then he got frightened, and wanted ink and paper to write information to the magistrates to stop the mill, and then he plucked up again and told nobody in particular to saddle White's Hurry for the field to- morrow, which I took to be that he had taken White's Hurry against the field for the Hurry Scurry and very wrong too, which I as a sporting character can vouch for. And then again 1 calculate (and my Aggers never deceive me, whatever they does — how- sumdever that's not my business) that they must have fought on horse back, bekase the man with the hump said he wanted another horse almost directly, and wasn't noways parti cklar how much he guv for it which, seeing as how they was fighting for a Crown only, shewed he wasn't a coward — but I expect he had to fight the whole family, for he said ho had killed five of them, and yet one of them was left yet, and that he was nearly a horse himself a daring of 'em. Then on comes Mr. Richmond himself, a big sneak because he is twice as big as Richard, and six times as ferocious, hut he lets Richard do all the fight ing and then takes a mean advantage of him behind his back, and Richard falls and after telling Richmond that " he's another," dies comfortable, and then everybody else comes on, and tells Richmond that he has behaved himself accordin' ; and Richmond blushes, returns lhanks, and the curtin falls, and I makes my hexit, highly delited, and will never go there again, and so, Believe me ever Your everlasting friend and pitcher, COUSIN JOE. 