GENERAL NEWS We understand, says the Age, that a firm, hitherto manufacturing cloihiug in Melbourne on a large scale, and supplying Hie country trade ivith the 6ame, lias entered into an urrausjemeut with one uf the most extensive establishments of warehousemen in town to manufacture in future entirely for their use; and the house in question has, it is said, con iructed to take colonial clothini? go manufac tured to the extent oi £100,000 |-er annum. Tiiis looks veil for manufacturing under a pro tective tariff, as it is not likely that such an aixangement could li've been contemplated under a so-called fiet-ti...!t- tariff. ' The followiDg homily suggestive story appears in ilie Tarrengower Times : — ' A horrible repast was, oil Tuesday last inter fered frith aud prevented by Mr. W, F. Smith 'and Hr. PeardL These gentlemen were coining from the Phoenix mills into the town, and hearing the agonised scream of an intuit, they were just in time to gave a little child from two good-sized and vo racious pigs. The mother of the child had merely left for a minute or two to get some water or what not, and the baby had crawled to the door, when the wandering pigs made their attack. Tie horrid ani mals had already drawn blood, and. turn the infant's car, when the poor little crea ture was rescued by Mr. Smith. The following appeared in yesterday's Gtelong Advertiser : — ' A letter from |4r. James Dow, jun , residing in Queensland, has been received fay his father, in Gee long. Amongst other news, he states that, wlliLstyut with an exploring expedition, uitli sum-.' f.'.'.uv im-JiiiiLii to tLc i;;r ii- -;;--, ei'min- i.ui the; Gulf, \\\wy Miit mi :i ji- -'.i:.- li-ibi- of ii;::i\v.- whirl; il.'V were obluru'. to w.il'.iT. They fi'i!!;il in the native o;un]., !ii!PUi-;.-t i'li:ev ii,i:i.^-. iiii: c;isc of ;i silver v.-it..-iT, iinil PiMiu: wliiie men's li;iir ]il:iitul. Viw- v.riUri.- if r,;,ii:ii.n lL:it iki wreckers -ii-..lLo- ^'in;.: ;i!i-i.ir tLc cast wi.ulJ be :n ].'i'.-.-i-.-*i«ii of ki:c!i aititics. Hence it i, ^l-^:«1 tint iLv ;\rih-)u.-; re ferrcd t-i Laving Lcui bo i';:r in .lie iiiteriur, j;i;ij ]i;:;d lo iL'Vc'.atinns t'i suiue txplonng exijcilhiDii. The original letter, whicli gives llit luunbe-r df the wati:h, liiis been Laudi-i i' Dr. Mueller.' There i.s an iinjiression tl;;it the wetting uf Ministerial Kniiijorters licM t!ic otlier day ou^ht tn have resulted in suggesting a diifcrunt courfiu of ;ic!ion to the Ministry. It is suspected that the Chief Secretary would, for various reasons, have preferred their suggesting to him a milder and more conciliatory course, so as to have afforded him ail excuse for a change in the pro gramme, ?flinch has been now irrevocably can be no doubt — indeed it was openly ?stated at the meeting — that there is no hope of the Council entertaining the Appr-rpriatiini-cum Tariff Dill favorably, and the decision was mentioned with as much pivdliveucss as though the Upper House had but a few minutes before de ckircd whether they were content or noii couteut. Of course there is considerable speculation as to the result to follow from the rejection of the Appropriation Dill, and many predict nothing less thau a revolu tion. They do not understand a Scotch man if they anticipate any such thing. It is uot the public that either the ' Ins ' or ' Outs ' cure for. There will be a struggle for power, and it will simply be a trial, not of strength, but of political diplomacy or cunning who will be best able to turn the tide of events to account, it me Tariff Bill, tacked, is rejected the course of the Government will be simply to prorogue the House and close the session, and in a few days again summon Parliament and send up the Appropriation IJill intact, and introduce a wore protectionist tariff to the Lower House. 'There is many a slip between the cup and the lip, and it will be time enough to speculate upon the course of action to be followed when a really protectionist tariff is before the Le gislative Council. One thing is clear, there will be one vote less for the free trade party and one vote more for the Govern ment should this event come to pasa, re presented by the Hon. John Pascoe Fawk ner. The hon. member for Normanby, Mr. Levey, will ask tho Government to-night if it is the intention of the Government to increase tho rental of the pastoral tenants of the Crown. As it is well known the instincts of the hon. member are and have always been squatterwards, some suspicion very naturally attaches to his motives, and those who are in the secret say he has only been put forward as a stalking horso behind which a shaft or two may be hurled against the suspected proclivities of the Govern ment to exact an increased revenue from Crown lands. The answer to such a ques tion, put at such a time, ia obvious, and it is uot expected any new light will be thrown upon the subject. The following advertisement has for some time past been appearing in the daily journals : — ' To Gentlemen of Education — The Advertiser ia prepared to introduce a Gentleman to a position of the highest respectability and competence upon mode rate terms. Apply by letter to Mentor, Dr. Wilkie's Collins-street' With refer ence to it the Melbourne correspondent of the JJallarat Star writes as follows : — ' Such an advertisement of course attracted attention, the more, especially as the name of the hon. the Chairman of Committees was attached thereto. Visions of lettered ease, an inspectorship in the red-tape de partment, or, possibly, a rich wife, at once arose before the excited gaze of a ' gentle man of education.' The ' moderate terms ' were of course only a quid pro quo to an introduction of the ' highest respectability.' Many a man puzzled his brains in the en deavor to suggest what it could be, Some went to the extent of thinking of a place in Parliament, with the prospect of JE300 a year, when payment of members becomes the law of the land. However, all were doomed to disappointment, for a friend tells me that 'Mentor's' 'introduction,' meant that for £100, he (' Mentor') would teach them ' dentistry in twelve lessons.' Verily, a by no means ordinary selL' Tho KyneUm Guardian understands that a number of the Kyneton fanners, dissatis fied with the extreme distance of most of the proclaimed areas, are about to petition the President of the Board of Land and Works to proclaim Colbin-Albin and the land around Lake Cooper. The land is at pre sent occupied by Messrs. Winter, and is of a very rich character, far superior to the heavily-timbered, spuey soil at Lancefield, which is the nearest area to Kynetou. How widespread is the anxiety to secure laud throughout the colony, may be esti mated from the fact, that on Saturday last more than £700 had been received by the Department of Land and Survey for plans, (say 28,000 at sixpence) and one hundred thousand of the small hand bilk;, specify ing the allotments available for lease or purchase, had been given away. Many have thought that the ' opening up of the hmds ' in these dull times and with money £ir from plentiful would have been a failure from want of intending purchasers ; what ever may be the result, appearances are now altogether opposed to such opinions, and we believe the present liberal land law will be a help to progress, and prove a great success. Tht Lasd Act. — It is stated that the excitement at Hamilton respecting the laud the selection of which is tu commence there on the 22nd May, exceeds all belief. Although the Government are erecting a large room with a suitable paddock, yet it is expected this will not be large enough. No less than 15,000 people are expected to be at Hamilton, although we are inclined to doubt whether such a large number will be there. It is also reported that Mr. Grant, the President of the Board of Land and works, intends to be present It is suggested that Mr. Lockhart Morton should be engaged with his swing gate, so that the selectors and non-selectors could be easily 'drafted' from each other. — Wwnmamr boot Examiner ' On Friday night, 8a3's the Star, a miner from Taradale, named Phillip Watkins, gave a female into custody on a charge of robbing him of ajmise containing notes and cheques to the value of £270. When j iillelili.'ii to KiiiiK-lhi'.y :i]'l ;:rc!it!i,- bulky umlcr liis v.'.-t, and Yi':;tK,:n:-. mi i-carching thi: i.-ihoin i if his shirt, for.:.d the immey ;'iid purse, there quite t:\je. A Chinaman IVwosld i;y Oi'ivit. — | On l''viu;iy week, sis Haw.ivd Lee, railway porter, was ^landing iu 2vo. 12 railway .nate, :i CuiiKsa came up to him, and asked him the way and distance to 3J;ilI;iiat. He was informed tkat the hitler w;:s- about f.iurtcen miles, and the best w;iy was by ? Cay's i-:'(ld'.-ck to Ijuuiiiyoug. The Chinese moved off in that direction, and Was soon lost to view. At noun, on the ensuing Tuesday, a boy of twelve years, named Webber, whilst looking for his father's bul locks, at a spot uot far from the railway station, and about one hundred and fifty yards oil' the tr;ick to iJuniiiyung, found ly ing on its face the body of a Chinese, drcss?d, in every respect, similar to the man who addressed Lee, the railway por ter. The body was beneath the butt of an old tree, and suspended over it by means of two saplings, was a piece of bark. The body was cold and stiff, and this induced the boy to inform Mr. Capell, of Lai Lai, on tbe matter. Mr. Capell visited the place, and then wrote to the police autho rities at Balkuat. Kext day, Sergeant Smith, of Duiiinyong, came up to Lai Lai, and the body was brought to Mr. Capell's hotel. The body was searched, and iu the pockets were found a letter written in Chinese character, aud a match box con taining opium. The lower part of the man's face had been eaten away, as had part of the forefinger of the right hand. The body was besides greatly decomposed. Au inquest was held on the body at Capell's Railway Hotel, Lai Lai, on Saturday, when the above particulars were elicited. Iu addition, Ah Konn, Government inter preter, deposed that the letter appeared to be from the man's father in Mucac, and d;ited 10th October, 1804. The deceased's j liiime appeared to have been Kow Ah i Chung. He had been eight years in the i culony, had never sent any money home, aud bad two brothers in the colony. Sur geon Bunco, who had made the post mortem examination, tendered the medical evidence, aud gave it as his opinion that death had been caused by deceased having taken a very large dose of extract of opium. The jury returned a verdict to that effect, and fixed Friday, the 28th April as the day of death. ? Ballarat Star, May 6. The Pues9 and its Privileges. — We extract the following remarks upon the Press and the Courts of Justice from Lord Chief Justice Cockburn's address to the iurv in a libel case tried before him iu February last, as reported in the Times : — a report of proceedings in courts of justice, if fair, impartial, and truthful, although it may contain matter which if it were not contained in such a report would be libellous — is privileged. It is equally cer tain that fair comments upon the proceed ings of a court of justice, or the result of tlicm, are in like manner privileged and protected. The administration of justice is a matter of universal interest to the whole public. The direction of the judge, the verdict of the jury, the decree of a court of equity, may be all made subjects of flee comment. It is the interest of alt of us that it should bo so. But in commenting on sucli matters a public writer, us much as a private writer, is bound to attend to the truth, aud to put forward the truth honestly and in good faith, aud to the best of his knowledge aud ability. It is not to be expected that in discharging this dnty of a public journalist, he will always be infallable. His judgment may be biassed, one way or the other, without the slightest reflection upon his good faith ; and, there fore, if his comments are fair, no one has a right to complain. The reason why com ments upon the proceedings of courts of justice are privileged is that the adminis tration of justice concerns us all, aud that it is well that the conduct of the judge or jury should, if necessary, be brought to the bar of public opinion, like all other matter of concern. Let it not be supposed that the law imposes any undue restraint upon the freest and fullest comment upon all that passes in public courts of justice ; for that the administration of justice should be made a subject for the exercise of public discussion is a matter of the most essential importance.' Napoleon's Cesab. — To show how fine a thing it is to be an emperor and an author, let us state that Napoleon the Third — with a view to carefully learning the military practice of the Romans at the time of Caesar, and in order to make his history of Julius as perfect as study under favourable circumstances will permit — caused an able and learned officer of artil lery to ascertain the military costume, the arms, armour, accoutrements, trappings and other warlike instruments — including those proper for siege service, the camp and the field, and to construct the same in the most perfect manner that care aud boundless wealth allowed. At the Tuilleries has been formed a museum of such articles, derived from aucient sepultures, descriptions, and drawings on pottery, &c; ; there appear the tents, waggons, standards, haversacks, straps, boats, bridges, machinery, shovels, the balista, falarici, catapult, bow and arrow. Each has been carefully reproduced and fitted for use, so that when the author desires to see a tribune, centurion, decuriou, or private soldier, exactly as Caesar saw him, all that needed to be done was to call a Cente Garde and clothe him from the the museum. The ghost of Cassar himself might be invoked with even less of fear than Brutus had,£uid the ' Aye at Phillipi,' of the unmatchable spirit lmve no terror of his successor. Not a. bad Pott. — I saw at Montreal the other day (says Mr Sala) a poetical puff of a certain cosmetic, called ' Plantageuet Water,' which transcends'anything of the kind I have yet perused. Here it is. It pur ports to be a testimonial, and is signed ' Paterfamilias :' — ' The face of my daughter was covered with pimples, £% With freckles her shoulders were all stig matised ; In vain she'd recourse to the drugs and the simples, And nostrums by ignorant quacks adver tised. I saw your advertisement, sir, and I bought her \ A flask of Plantagenet's bloomgiving dew — The pimples have fled from the face of my daughter, , The freckles have vanished, an dbully for you.' ? T.'i.-il 'l.u!'y for y.ui,' ::k ii device fereki.-ig Oi-.l ;. \\\\\\\'. i.s delrjiill'1.:!. li ha.-- never bcin . tu:-p:;.-ti;d tiive, ]?- ilia)*, in tL.il. relebr;ite«i ; Ve.-se added by old Sir Arnold to the '? Xatinual Anthem, when the newly-married j Dul:c and Duchess of York visited the ] Lyceum : ' Smile on the happy pair ; May tl;i'Vka!l blessings share : Twenfy- fimr (ioMeii-Fijiuire ; God save the King !' Old Arnold happened to livn in Golden-, square, and brought iu his residence on tho same priuciplc^that prompted Mr Vincent Cruinmelsjin ' Nicholas Nickleby,' to bring j in his pump and tubs. I 