SCENE FROM "THE RIVAL SARACENS." [An Unpublished Colonial Drama. ( Enter Hkynoltoamak, Caliph of Frceportiad, with Babhozamow. Vizier of the Bagpipes — the former scowling contemptuously oh the latter, and the latter making obsequious obeisances to the former. OafipA—Voal that thou art, how dare you ques tion my commands, er try to curb my all-powerful will by your mischief-making goosequill? Think you to crush my long-established reputation by thy newborn popularity* I, who have sat montn. after month on the Treasury benches of the Fuitlifui, and led the Saracens ten thousand times to victory, must I yield the palm to you, a proselyte of yesterday?—to you, a mercenary bravo, who is one day with us, next day with our enemies, wherever glory is most cheap and plunder most abundant? Slave! look at me! .Not a hair on my honour able head but has stood on end times without number in fighting for the people's cause. Not a sinew in my honourable body but has been strained in fierce combat with the enemies of the State—especially those rapacious squatters who first whetted that clanking sword of thine. My hostility to them is not of to-day nor of yester day. It is a thing of many sessions, begun long ere thine eyes could see through lege of mutton or behiud squatters' buggies. 1 Sir, am the St. George who first discovered the dragons of the bush. The immaculate and indispensable leader of the people am L When they go forth to war they inscribe on their banner, like the Israelites, the talismanic initials " T. ft." Goyder is my Vizier of Grass, and his office is to lay on the rod in the name of justice and the people. My office as Caliph is to temper justice with mercy. Hating instigated - my underlings to raise the cry of "Down with thesquatters," now, when the squatters are down, I come forward like a Deus ex macldna, and say, "Spare our friends. It is not worth our trouble to take from these infidel dogs their paltry lives. Let them go!" But you dare to interfere and to cry out "Eevenge! revenge! keep them down till they swear to the valuations." My Mussulman soul revolts at such meanness; my stomach is too delicate for it. And who are you that dares to oppose me? Vizier of the Bag pipes, whom I picked up yesterday "naked and forlorn" outside the gates of the enemy's camp, is this the return you mate for my generosity? Honour enough was it for you to sound a trumpet in the ranks of the Faithful, but your vain soul aspired to the diguity of command. Kjiow, slave, that i will brook no rivals near my throne! If you want office and emolument, go cast iu thy lot with the usurper Haroun AyrEaschid the Cheap. But remember that a day of vengeance will come. When the ancient veterans of Freeportiad are once more mustered in the hails of North-terrace thy threepenuy whistle will no longer avail thee, nor the soft soap at half price of thine ally Ayreaschid. Begone, slave; I renounce thee! - Vizier (casting himself at the Caliph's feet)— Most noble ana venerable Caliph, may your toes live for ever, even though this miserable slave of thine has had the misfortune to tread upon them. For the dire affront to your pediltics digitis he humbles himself in the dust before thee, and with bated breath asks mercy. The valuations were too dangerous a weapon for inexperienced hands like his. They were like the two-edged sword of Nourcddin, which cut both ways. With the rash zeal of a proselyte he flourished it round his head, and in its coarse it hewed down both friends and enemies. And yon, most glorious and noble Caliph, have got yonr adorable cuticle slightly grazed—Oh, wretched swordsman that I am!: 1 confess that I was new to the work, but my heart was in it. Though an evil fate prevented me from joining your ranks till the eleventh hour, has ever such zeal and activity been shown before within the memory of the oldest inhabitant? Who has stormed, and howled, and threatened like me? Who has intrigued, and calumniated, and misrepresented like me? Who has stuck like. me to the valuations, the whole valuations—present and future—and nothing but the valuations? Be gracious, I beseech thee, most noble Caliph! Iiet not the enemy see that our camp is divided—that the Saracens know not how to use an unscrupulous champion. My old chum Steikeaways stands aloof from me. Me thinks his basilisk eye views with jealousy my rising fame. Hiding fame did I say? Alas, alas! It has already passed its zenith, ana sinks rapidly behind black clouds of my own making. Ana now, unkindest cut of all, my Prince, my Caliph, the ruler of kreeportiad, snubs me before the eyes of the people! What more can I say? What more have I to expect? Like Cato, I will fold my toga around me, and give up, the ghost in a wheelbarrow. Farewell visions of buggies! Farewell ye dreams of office! A long farewell to my incipient greatness! 