FANCY DRESS BALL— 8YDNEY HEBREW SCHOOL. A Fancy Dress Ball, in aid of tho Sydney Hebrew School took place on Thursday in the Hall of the ExchangeThi success tbat attended (be recent fancv dress ball 'forth. Schtwl of Industry, doubUess suggested the repetitionof tbe diversion on behalf of the Sydney Hebrow 8cht«L it being thought that an entertainment of that character would gratify a large number of the supporters oflhat institution, ond that, it would at the same time obtain tika patronage of other sections of the community. The rendt invst bave more then satisfied the expectations of the committee who mannged the affair, as the attendance in very numerous, and there was a fine display of ear find liiinrifinine coftttimefl — rvinaiHaraWtr mam it..- ?T' Lelf of tbe conipftDy appearing in. frncy dratag. The Felcction of chared ere fismimed exhibited an extensive Vbriely, difli-rent periods of history and different oountriei being represented. Sum© of the dresses attracted by their cbBsteseee and simplicity, and others by their richness ani adornment ; while others again caused constant amusement by tbiir oddity and qiiftintuess. The combination of inoon gruouB characters as ihey promenaded round the ball-room or mingled in the mazy danoo, had a very strange and grotesque appearance. Amonget the characters that attracted the greatest notice were — The GhoBt, MephistophiJes. PatiI Pry. the Perfect Cure, and Richard the Third. The large hall which wab devoted to dancing had been tastefully decorated for the occasion, under the direction nf Mr. W. H. Welker. The sides of the hall were hung with the flags of all nations and with Consular flags. TheptU&re; were festooned with National flags ; and the centre of the ceiling was festooned with wreathing crossed with ever greens and flowers. At tho western end ofthe room the Koyal Standard, the Union Jack, and the Banish Standards, formed a marquee, with the Hebrew school fU* in the centre. Conspicuous at the western end was the Royal Coat of Arras, surrounded by the flags of all nations Amonp: the visitors present were — Lord John Tayjour' the Colonial Secretary, the Minister for Lands. Can tain Parkyn, and the Officers of H.M.S. Fwoon. Officers of the 12th Regiment, Captain Carre, and tho Officers of HJ.M.S. Gazelle, Mayor of Sydney afcd several Members of the Legislative Assembly The refreshments, which were of excellent quality were supplied by M. Compagnoni. Dancing commenced1 soon after nine o'clock, to the music of Hen- Appel's Genua band, and was kept up till an advanced nour of the morning. The arrangements made by the committee were very complete, and nothing occurred to interfere with the success or with the enjoyment of the Ball. The following list of the names and cos turn ea was ob tained from the cards given at the door Mr. Anderson, Swedish Lieutenant, E.A. Hiss Anderson, Neapolitan Peasant Mise Aslier, Lady, reign George II. Wise Ashcr, Ceres Mr. R. Anderson, Touchstone Mr. R. Banks, Gentleman, time of Charles II. Hr. H. Benson, Charles of Spain Wifs Brodziak, Bride of Lamzncraaoor Mrs. Brodziak, Eate Aubrey Mr. Bosslcy, Turk Miss Banks, Arline Mr. Banks, Volunteer Mr. Broomfiold, Chinese Mandarin Mrs. Broomfield, Court Lady, George II. Mr. Bedford, Neapolitan Mr. Bongan, Officer Mr. Barnet, Don Jose Miss Barnet, Lady, reign George II. Mr. Bown, Firemon and 'Waterman Mr. Butter, Man*o'-war Lad Mrs. Bran? grove, Naiad Queen Mr. Biddell, Greek Mr. H. Biddell, Highlander Mrs. Berncastle, Circassian Lady Master Brodziak, Robert Audley Mr. Branton, D'Artagnan Mrs. Baar, German Lady Mr. B. Cohen, Lieutenant I4th Mexican Ohasseors Mrs. B. Cohen, Madame de Stael Mrs. S. Cohen, Grecian lady Mr. E. B. Crego, Knight of Arva Mrs. Crabb, Countess of Rutland Mrs. Crampton, Lalla Rookh Mrs. Davis, Lady Audley Mr. J. DoIcd, Spanish Brigand Mr. J. Davis, Volunteer Mr. J, J. Paris, Bcrgcant of Artillery Mr. De Jongh, Jockey Mr. E. Dyer, Spanish danccr Mr. Deloitte, Turk Mr. Edwards, Follio Mr. A. Fisher, Cordcan Miss Garrett, Aurora M. Gar din, Volunteer Miss Griffiths, Evening Star ? Mr. R. W. Gnyden, Henry Vm. Mr. J. G. Hardes, Spanish brigand Mr. Hardwick, Grenadier Mr. Haydcn, Bachelor of Arts Mrs. J. G. Banks, Norma Miss Heath, Queen Anne Mr. Houston, Florentine Mr. Halloran, Volunteer Mounted Rifleman Mr. E. R. Halloran, Sydney Yeomanry Cavalry Mr. Herbert, Highlander Miss M. Isaacs, Night Miss Isaacs, Morning Mr. Isaacs, 6ir Walter Raleigh Mr. Isaacs, Turkish costume Mr. James, Earl of Leicester Miss K. Joseph, Spanish lady Mr. H. Joseph, Charles I. Miss Eirsch, Swiss Peasant Mrs. J. R. Kemp, Mary of Dundee Miss King, Eily O'Connor Miss King, Scotch lassie Mrs. S. H. Levy, Lurline Miss 6. Levy, Peasant Girl Mr. F. Lloyd, Richard HL Mr. Iindon, Grecian costume Mr. Locksey, Charles II. Miss Hacdennott, Red, White, and Blue Miss Meyer, Page Mr. A. Meyer, Iago Mr. F. M'Mahon, Schoolboy Mr. H. Moore, Volunteer Mr. Martin. Volunteer Mr. S. Marks, Creek Mr. B. 6. Marks, Lazaretto page Mrs. Man ton, Night Miss Man ton, La Dame Blanche Mr. M. Henser, Slim Jim Mrs. V. Menser, Swiss Girl Mr. M(Mahon, Hamlet Mr. Milford, Volunteer Mr. Menser, Royal Artillery \- Miss Menser, Flower Girl Mr. H. L. Nelson, Cavalier time of Charles H. Mr. J. H. North, Knight of Santiago . Mis6 J. Phillips, Bohemian Girl Mr. J. Phillips, Prince of Como Mr. J. Parker, Perfect Cure Mr. L. Phillips, Garibaldi Mr. J. Phillips, University Student Mr. 6. Phillips, King Hal Mr. G. Ross, General Dumas Mr. R. Rodd, Savoyard Mr. Ronclaud, MephistophUes Mr. A. B. Solomon, Hungarian Peasant Mr. M. Solomon l Mr. J.Solomon - Three Red Men Mr. Love ) Mr. C. Solomon, Paul Pry Mr. 6warby, The Ghost Mr. 'W. Simon, Hamlet Mr. Spencer, Young Fenton . Mr. J. Simmons, Faddy Miles* Boy Mr. J. Simmons, A Long Time Ago Miss Simmons, Margaret de Valois Mr. S. Simmons, Rainbow Mr. Stypmann^Earl of Leicester Mr. F. Smart, Highlander Mr. Tickell, Earl of Leicester Mr. Twigg, Turk Mrs. Twigg, Maid of Ears Mr. J. Turner, Cardinal Wolsey Valentine, Glee Mr. 'Watford, 8panish brigand Mr. G. Watt Spanish cavalier Miss Whitfield, Spring Mrs. Webb, Lurline Mr. H. N. Webb, little Pickle Mr. Zions, Soubicski, Philosophical Society of South Acstbaha. 1 he 119th meeting of the Philosophical Society was W' at the South Australian Institute on Tuesdayevminf!) June 13, and was largely attended ; the Rev, W. Hanaj in (he chair, who stated that the Chief Justice atoni from Alness. The minutes of the last meeting having be® read and confirmed, some preliminaiy business wm (bm* acted, after which Mr. C. A. Wilson read a short the ' Darwinian Theory,' and made somewhat langtny selections from several works in which the thfioty w«! dealt with. Ho also read extracts from a paper written 'jT Mr. Diggles, of Queensland, on the ' Darwinian Theory Mr. Wilson said Mr. Diggles was an accomplished natamLut, who was preparing a work on the birds of Australia. TM olijcct of tho paper was to combat Mr. Darwin's peculiw notions of the origin of species by natural selection. A long and interesting conversation took place at the ™ Mr. Wilson's address, when several Acts werementwnM which seemed to show that peculiar qualities in animal' were transmitted. Mr. C. S. Hare then made Mine inte resting remarks on forest trees, in which he strongly ' wconr mended the Government to plant largely in those dismiss where the timber had been destroyed. He men11'®™ several trees whioh he believed would thrive in (his oounjj and offered on some future occasion to take upltom'je® at greater length before the society. The Hon. T. iwgug hoped Mr. Hare would soon fulfil this promise and eulogiBtically of the address which had been given. usual vote of thanks to the chairman concluded tae p ceedings, in the course of which Mr. A. S. Clarke exhibi *5 ttm- The Mount Mail of the 17th instant says : ?' The Upper House toria deserve the thanks of the colony for the stand they have token to prevent the status of the juojciiir/ being degraded in the manner proposed in Mr. mes botham's Supreme Court Laws Consolidation Hi'- ^ are beginning by degrees to realise the 1{8eyiIXSiinMt Chamber that wislds the 'almighty veto,, -jjU prepared to balance it against tho obsttwbveness oi it was formerly guilty. Here is precisely a case in 1 it was nscesaaiy for & publio weal that the lation of the Assembly should be rendered void, Council have saved the colony from the disgraoe . havefellen upon us if ou/ remarkably Attorney-General aud his political permitted to have their own way in reference w Judges.' 