I UNION OF PKESByTJSIUAN '.. . CHURCHES,' ' ;.; ,' Tho public oonsnmmatien of tho Union of the Pres- byterian Churches in New South Wales, took, pince' yesterday morning in the Masonic 'Hall. ??' There was a very large meeting of Presbyterians from all parts bf the colony, wi-.h a considerable number of persons, in- cluding somo ministers belonging to other denomina- tions. Thn hall was crowded in every part, many being [.compelled to stand, sq that .there could not have been less than a thousand parsons present At eleven o'clock, the members of tho ' Synod of Australia; nrrivod from St Andrew's Church, arid tho rfiembeTS bf th'o General ?Synod, from the Free Church,' Macquario-alroet; and tho Bey. Adam Thomson,-and several; rhombers of: his congregation from tho Phillip street church. The members of tho Synod bf Australia, took their placed on tho right of tho chair; tho members of: thoGeneral 6ynod on tho left; tho two Moderators sitting- in front of tho chair. The Kev. Adam, Thomson, ns clerk of tho Conference, took his place betwoen tho Moderators. : Tho Hov. Dr. FOLLEHTOS, Moderator of tho Synod of Australia, commenced tho proceedings by giving out (ho 100th .psalm-"All poonta th,9t oft.earth do dwell," &c; Tho Rev. A. C. Geikie, Moderator'of tho'General . Synod,; thoa offered prayer. TTho Rev. Dr. Fuller-, ton then called' oil tho Rev. John WGibboh, clerk of tho Synod of Australia, who read the.',''.lost, oct and declaration" of that synod,' which, after reference io tho union negotiations nowj' brought (o a successful termination, Btatos that !'t1)is eynod'is, of opinion, that it is for tho glory of God ond^thó good/of the'cliurch' of Christ that tho union of the aforesaid parties should not. bo longor delayed," and accordingly agrccB to con- summate tho union..'. . ' : Tho Bev. A. Q. GEIKIE then callod on tho ila*. James Cameron, clerk .of tho general synod, who read tho last act ' nml declaration of that synod, couched in similar terms to.that of tho Synod of Australia, ', Tho Hov. ,A. TiioMson then called oft'Mr. McNaugh- ton, clerk of tho' Kirk .¿cesión of tho United ProBr'. by terian Church, Phillip-street; who read n declaration of similar purport from that session.. 1 .' ., ' ' ' . . .' i .Tho Hov. ADAM THOMSON, OS cleric/ pf tho cpnforcnco, thon road- the following articles formerly agreed upon as tho basis of trio union :-:,' ' ' I. That the designation pf the United Chureh,shall bo 'Tho Presbyterian Church of Now South Wales';? arid that the Supromo, Court of tho church shttli bo designated '.Tho Genend Assembly Pf tho Presbyterian Cb.uroh of,New South Wales.' "...'., Y " . "II. That tho;Wprd of God, ns contained in tho Scrip- tures of the'Old aud;Ne w Testaments,, is''held by this church ns tho supremo, and only, authoritative rulo of faith and practice. . '.,'''; ' "UL That the AVdstminStcr Confession ofFnith, tho Largorand Shorter Catechisms, tho Form of Presby- terial Church Government, tho Directory for the Public Worship of ,God, and thp 'Second Book of Discipline, .are tho subordinate standards of tUis church. , " IV. The .subordinate' Btaiidards'abovo cnuinoratod: are rceeive'd with tho'following explanations.-' ' ' ' "l."That,~whilo tho Confession -of-Faith contains the -, creed to. which ns to. a confession, of his own faith', feyory oflico-bokror in tho.' church ^rhust testify iii solemn form his,personal ' adherence,; '.',';. ? ¡ and. while '!the catechisms aro' sanctioned as, directorios , for 'catechising,' tho Directory for j ! Public Worship, the Fprrn'of ' Church Govern . '.' nient, anil tho Second Boole bf Disciplino'nro! of. . the naturo, of regulations rather than of tests,' and aro,not to bo imposed by HÚÜsciiption upon' . .'. ministers'and elders. ' .:,'.'.'., ' ! S. That, in adopting' those standards, this church! is not to ho hold as countenancing persecuting pr : , into'era'nt principles,1 or any donial of invasion : , of tho right'of.private judgmbnt. . ; ', '.'.', . '8. That by Christ's appointment, thc cliurch 'is I spiritually ihdcpoñaent, and is not siibjcct in itB I '"' own province, [and in the'ndmiiiistrátion of its own affairs, to the, jurisdiction ar authoritative intcrforonco pt the civil power. ' ' !? " V. That thisphiii'ch asBorts for itself a separate and independent position; in rotation to othor churches; and that its. highest.court' shall 7 possess, supromo 'and filial jurisdiction over its' inferior' judicatories, ; office-bearer*, ond members. , I". ' ' .' " (VI. 'Tlint(' this* church shall receive ministers nnd typuatipnor^frpm other 1,'resliy terian Churches apply- ing for admission, on tbo'tr ' affording' satisfactory ovi 'dóricocf their';c|iialifleatioiiB and. eligibility, and sub- scribing tho formula!" ; , ' 1 ' ; ' puringitlie.roading of tli'eeó hrliclesj all the members of tho .three'several .bodies 'abolit' tb unite, remained standing, aud hs bach article was concluded,every mbtri ber hold, up'.' his' right hand in'token of his assent '.thereto. I.'." '.'.,'' '''..'" '".'' . '' ' ' ':, ' '., Tho -Hov.. Dh FcLLEnThs then road tho following declaration:-" I, James Fullerton, Moderator''of tho (Synbd of Australia in connection .with tho' Established Church o£ Scotland, do hereby, iii torms of thb act and declaration now, road by, thc, clerk pf synod, declare that ;tho.'ecclesiastical'connection,of' said'synod with tho; Established Church of Scotland, is henceforth dissolved.' 'And lido now.'in ternis' of- tho same net and declara- tion, and also in terms of tho articles of basis;of union, «just read by tho olerk bf : conference/further declaro' tho union of said synod with -the General Synod of - tho1 'Presbyterian Ohuroh in New'South Walos,_ and with! tho session representing tho United Presbyterian Church in Sydney, tb bo now, on tho part of this synod, con- summated."- : I ?'?.'? I..::.. I- .. . * _ . .... . j I ? : ; Tho Rev. A.'C..GEIKIE,I. in similar terms,"declared. \- that tho General Synod had an ecclesiastical conubotion' . with tho Free Church of Scotland or nny other church,! ?and that tho union with'tho'.othertwo bodies is now,' ? o'n the part of tho General Synod; consummated.. i -. ! Tho REV. AD AU TnoitsoN also declared that: tho con- gregation be represents liad: ceased to havo any ccolbsias-| \- tical connection with Hie Uniled Presbyterian Church ofi Scotland,.and that tho union: with tub oilier two bodies 'is now, on tho part of that congregation and its session,! consummated. .'Tho.'utterance of. thoso Jdeclarations! /was in' fact-tho accomplishment of thb union. : Tho' two modemtors and Mr. Thomson thereupon signed tho' articles.of union, and then gavo one another 'tho.right' .hand of -fellowship; ¡many of tho members, following' their example,'paeaod. from .sido tb side acrdss, tho plat-! : form, and cordially shook . hands .with their now aeso-j ciatos'in ".Tho'Presbyterian Church, of iNow.lSouth] .Wales.'?- '! -.' i ,- '...: ... ? i .- ; .., <.,; . -...-.i: Tho-r'Hov. 'John .M'Gibbon-:and -.the 'Rov.-James1 Cameron ' road. . tho irolls ofi . their . respective synods, .and Hr.. McNaughton read'tho, roll of, tho' United'. Presbyterian » Ohuroh. These 'rolls,. ;whioh' wcro then laid upon tho table, aro as, follows ; SVÄOD OP.ATJBTBAI.IA.-Ministers: The Rev. J. Ful-i lerton, tho Ito v. John Dougall, tho Rov. James Milne, tho Rev. Goorgo M'Fio, tho Hov. William M'Koe, tho Rov.i William HOBS, tho Hov. John M'Gibbon, the Hov.: C. Atcheson, tho Rev.'Willinm Baker, .tho Roy, Robert! .Stewart,-tho Kov. John Kohl, tho Rev. .William Purves,' tho Rov. James Coutts, tho Rev.: Jamos S, Whito, tho Uov. Mr. Johnstone > tho Bov. Thomas Craig, tho Rov. M.i Sturton, tho Rov.' J. .B. Laughton, tho Rov. Mr.' Mooro, and tho. Rov. Mr; Adam. Elders : Mr. J.D. Johnson, for Pitt Town ; Mr. Joseph. Wiley, for Pad- dington; Mr. vPalrick M'.Cann, for ¡ Woolloomooloo ;; Dr. J. Douglas,' for St Stephen's, Maitland ;;, Mr. Kidd.j j for. Campbell town ; Mr. B, Turton, for Newcastle ; Mr.j Reid, for North.Shorb.ï tho'Hon John M'-Farlono,. 3CIÍ.0., for St.. Andrew's, Sydney';- Mr, Robert'Ander-| son, for Bathurst ; and tho Ravi Robert'Blain,', fori Goulburn. '.'!'.' '/ . ?' '[.! "! ' '.' ? ' !'" ? '?.' ' GENEnAt,'SYNOÍ).-Ministers:' Rev. DriXqng, Rev. /A'.'O. Geikie, 'Rçv.'.Dr.' Steal, Rey. T. A. Gordon; Rov J.. Cameron, Rov. J. Thora', Rov."R.'S. Paterson; Rov, Dr.. Beg, Rev. Al Cameron, Rov. A. Gordon, Rev; "W. Drbn,, Rov.'W. Bain, Rev. W. Chaucor.^Roy.' J.: S. ri:»» .D.-i'W'tiii«»1 -n~¿ T-!7.-:«¿«n» n"« T«T«» Martin,'Rev. P. Fitzgerald,' RoV¡ AVBoddio, Rov.'Colin! Stewart, Bov: B; ,Qunifo, .'Rev. ÎWY Ridley, .''RovVRj Boag'.7'Erobatibnqr:" Mr. ''F.'' Johns'tofto;, 'Elders;! Messrs.. Qborgo' BbwrnanV'-' J.G. Wilsoni'" James Xayl N. iD. Stonbouso, Goorgo Brown," James Bbylo, Thomas Brown.'W. MoloB,' j; S. Adam. 'W. Thorburn;-1 Cate cllists: 'Mossrs. II'. Hossack, Bogerl M'Kinnon, 'land Daniel Blue . .; ... i-. ' - ? . i;, V. ; ,??, :.J ?< n'um Tho Eoï. Dr. FULLEUTON, thon proposod that, tho' HOT. Adam Thomson ba tho Moderator of the General] Asssmbly.',! Ho roforrQÛ.lo ; tho hereditary- honour; ofi ? Mr.: Thomson ;-to his faithfulness in tho.work of tho tOhiiroh-of' Ohrist ia' -Jiis' nativo land, and tho:,higli! standing ho had talton . there, in tho estoom of tho cliuroh. 'ile appealed to tho memory. Of . Ilia zealous' and ilovotod.labours in tho cause of union in this colony.' Thora was nb- than in;: Wow South ."¡AValos who had j done BO much for.tho promotion of Union.as.tha Rev.' Adam Thomson; ." It was fitting, therefore, ; that as ho! bad laboured BO. wolli in thor accomplishment,of tho' union and.tho consoquont formation of: tho ,body v now' incorporated tho .Presbyterian Church of!;Now South; Wnlos, ho shóuldrcocivo tho honour,Of being appointed! the.first moderator.'of this nisomMy.. (Applause). : ? Tho JloV.'A.'Ci GEIKLE seconded tho domination of; Mr.: Thomsoni ,Ho said they had all had proof of . tho ability. Christian fidnlity, and .courtesy of the Kev. Adam Thomstto/.uud' ho.helio ved .-his, .appointment j.wouhli bo agnroTOd by all the church. ' :' ,-:n;M->iL ¿The Rey, B, P, PATEnsflif'eairJ helfully concurred fri the praises accorded to tho Kev, A, Thomson, He ¡oved end honoured' Mr, Thomson ; and ho acceded lo tho motion. But be would acton tho principle of tho Biblo " Honour to whom, honour : is due.'' Honour wits due to Mr j Thomson. Honour, was also duo al such a timo as this to the K;vi Dr. Lang. ' Dr. Lang had laboured long f nd earnestly for tho advancement off tho Presbyterian: Church in Australia, before some, o£ tho ministers tlicro present came into existence ;. aul had brought out ninny ot them to this country. - He/'' therefore thought Dr. Lang's name, ought, not .to "ba passed in silence : ion ¡ such , a , day. as . this.., Haspdlto on behalf of other ministers and elders on. " that platform, as well as for. himself, when,; he said. - that : honour was duo ito. tho Jlev: ,I)r. Lang for lija- ; eminent.services to thc causo represented there. (This allusion to: Dr. Lang's services, and tho honour due to him,: was received with loud cheers from a part of tho. ' audience, arid some of the ministers and oidora on tho» , platform.); Ho (Mr. Patereon), however, did not wish. , to-oppose: the motion. He- cordially, concurred ia awarding tho position of moderator to tho Key. Adara , Thomson. - (Cheers). , , i ? : ; . ; , , Tho motion waa , then , carriod unanimously, th» . members of tho .Assembly rising. ,nnd .lifting up their. , right hands to ' express their, cordial acceptance of thb: ' nomination. , The Kov, A. Thomson . then retired to tho vestry, wheroiho was met byjMrvltobert Anderson,, tvho presented: him,- in tho- nomo of subscribers ia soveral congregations, n handsome fiown and cassock. ' , j Mr. ANDERSON, in' presenting-these, expressed tho grntification:hennd tho subscribers feltnt tho, election of the Hov. A: Thomson-lo-bo tho Moderator of tho ¡Presbyterian Church in this colony, -JJo added; Weall; know how¡ Successful ' Mr. .-Thomson has boen in assist-'/ jug to carry those noccssary and sometimes complicated ' arrangements .previous to tho union., .His;intimate" knowledgo of tho Presbyterian laws and practices--, his urbanity-IIÍB Christian resolution-, and firmness- ' and the general high respect in which he is held, are eminent .qualifications for tho position. . ; In-tho naroo of the - subscribers therefore, I. have, tho honour, to Íircscnt thia .gown ' and enssook,' and 1; earnestly hopo i hat God may bo pleased to grant, Mr. .Thomson alargo measure ofi suocess'in tho fulfilment of bis duties, and' that he may be long spared as a guido and counsellor to- us all.- ..?..' : ,?.'; - f. ".lt., ' ? .1 ..j.-'' . \ .Tlio.Bov. JAMES; CAMERON then proposed'that th». Iiev. J..JJ. Laughton bo the Clerk of tho General As-,. ¡sembly. Ho. pointed out the eminent .fitness of the. jllevj Mr; Laughton for tho very responsible duties of. ¡tho clerkship. , -,- : . ' ?? . , .-'.-., ; : ¡ r .;:'.' i Tho i Hov. ; Jon» M'GIBJION ,;secondedtho motion^" ïwhich was camed unanimously; , . . , '. I Tho Hov. J. B-'LAUOHTON Uianked the assembly for ¡tilo honour conferred upon.him; and in answer tb ita Appeal by tho Moderator, solemnly promised that, by , ¡tho help of. God he would faithfully discharge tho ¡duties of tho office. .. i. ? j ; Tho Hov. - A. THOMSON,; ns Moderator, then consti-¡ ?tuted: thöi.General Assembly- with praise, reading tho-; 'Scriptures and prayer-first giving out ibo beginning;. Jof tho 147th psalm :-7-.;. j ' . ? ? .and doth build up Jerusalem ;-, : | ,- ' '. . And Hollis nloiib ,. .,. ; ' , " Timi ttio dtnieraed ,öf Israel " ' ' ' , \- -, ... '? Efoti^jfntbor Into ono, Ao. .. ;' ?'? ' '- '' Ho read tho'17th chapter bf {ho Gospel' nocording to'St, iJohni '.'After tho prayer tho Moderator delivered tho/ ¡following'", , .',' , , '". '. .' . ' "iNAOaVRAK ADMIÍÉSV'' .. .' ' .Fattier* nnd Brethren,.- Tho union to-.-which > wo havojong looked' forward,.and ¡for which wo have, laboured and prayed-sometimes' amid rnuch difficulty; and disqouragomcnt-r-is now an accomplished ;fact. Tho entire Presbyterianism of tho colony, formerly divided into various, and loo often opposing, sections, is now. With tho exception of a Bmall portion of ono of theso sections,- comprehended with Ibo Presbyterian Church of Now South Wales, this day formed, /. When wa. look back on tho stato' of thingB n . fow .years ago, or evon recall particular periods in tho course o( our union negotiations, tho event of this day cannot but lill every one of ÜB with .mingled.wonder,and gratitude- . "Wo thankfully own tho. good hand of our. God upon us in, tho way in which wo have been lcd ;. and; liko. tho church of old, when tho Lord turned again tho.cnptivity of Zion, wo unito in tho .ascription-".Tho Lord hath dono groat things for us, whereof wo aro glad." "With gratitudo for tho past lot us combino hopo and prayer for tile futuro, that God,, who hos helped us hitherto, may. bo with us: still, ,shedding, plentifully \ ont nil tho office-bearers and membors ¡of bur united church tho grocobf His Iloly Spirit, that wo may riso together tb a sense bf our high calling, and, lotting, tho'past with one heart and with one sou), on a now career of com 'biiied and earnest' action in'the Servira of our common ?Lord and Saviour. .Tho union j list consummated,¡Bin harmony with ono of the most < striking characteristics bf tho ngo in which wojivo.- Throughout Evangelical Christendom there is a marked craving for more of visible unity and enlarged corporate action. 'In tracing the causes of this, we should need to go back/to, the first tokens of tho daybreak—tho first stirrings.of an awakened religious life in England, Scotland,, .and America, after that dark night, which, with its sleep. of death,' had settled down on tho church, in all lands in, .the first half of last century. The immediate effect, indeed, of that partial awakening was tho separation and division ; but it was the separation of tho living from tho dead; and division arising from an earnestness of conviction, which, if it sometümes confounded, small things with great, yet implied a homage to truth and duty, contrasting-''strongly, with the religious, in- difference from which it was tho recoil. Tho life in tho new religious communities-, acting,. back on what ,was still left of .life..in the old, and-.these several com- munities acting and re acting on one another, elements were at work tending to bring all back to a better unity than had been lost ; common sympathies were awakened —which overIeaped sectarian boundaries, -while tho terrible outbreak of infidelity connected with tho first French revolution, helped, powerfully to quicken tho underlying, consciousness of these, and to rouse into something like common action tho zeal for Christ, as distinguished from zeal- for party, which formed tho life-blood."'of all the truly awakened portions of the church alike. Tho result was tho rise, towards the close of last century and at the beginning of tho present, of those great Missionary and' Bible Societies; with their Catholic constitution and aims,,which may be regarded as tho first public ..expression, in modern times, and the first practical, embodiment on a large scale,, of tho unity of. all ,true Christians. Tho Evangelical Alliance; in our own day, is ea exhibition '. in janothurj ,, form,- . of - the,... jame glorioiis unity. !.. Yet: theso' institutions, though of ? immense value -for- theirs immediate, objects, abd exer- cising 'a .'mighty influence boyond.-thom, ;werp .mani- festly : defectiva ns an ,exemplification of the oneness bf tko body of Christ, to which tho ;Now, .Testament gives such'.prominence. - TliCy .demonstrated -,tlib. unity ia Christ .of individual Christians, But.it; is pur-Lord's will that his followers should bo formed into churches ; and churches are .not; meant ; to ? break, down .tho triio idéal of Ohristian catholicity,ibut , to;dpvelppb and per foot it. ,';.Tho, fellowship, of: n, singlo ! cpngrpgation. of' Ohriistians is tho rudimental fprm-pf church! hfoi'-lfcut such.'.lifo , is . .capable'! cf :::- indefinite.,.;expansion^ and,-'it '¡Br ?? jiist -.nin,j:-prpportion . ,as - it; -¡is expanded,... Uiat,. :',the j visible .[churchy.. .as jBÙcli, approaches .. tho, ..lunity .:, Svhioh(j::,-'.the- i ;Xbrd dasignod by it Tho craving fpr unity"., ,whiol> .charac- terises tho present timpishappU/ tlio linity not sirnply of individual Christians, but that which nnseaout of ity. .o'nü bespeaks a ."higher stage: of doyolçpmpnt-tho unity of Christians As'already associated in chuToh fcllowsHp.. j-iBveri'thoM roligious ibpdies,¡ whoso thepryi, of ¡.church order would isolate individual' Christian. cpngrcgationF^ show a-growihg-idissatisfaotioa.-practically at' icnsl iwithiBuch-isolntionj'A cnnBciousnessfof, its. (unnotiiral incss, and of tho weakness, arising out, of if; and wb: seo ?a recpurso to. .various 1 expedients ¡on", tho .¡párt, of. 'our .brethron.:íi¡inr,i tbflia. . bodies*, for.vsoçùrjngi a ,,ebm» bined testimony to j.thp^.i jW.prld^!!, ,and . (.serbo .'thing,'liko oombined churçh ¡prgnnisnüon .and. acüÓD.. Our Episcopalian Brothrep, ,pn thq ptlior h'anä,'. aro seek ling.-- after "a.v.church,, unUy;\for which ¡mero Episcopal .govornmorlt-ond, still loss, stich government fettered, and paralysed, as in England, by a suporbcldod aparatus Ofi State. arrnngemonts^is fpiind: .tb, furnish, rib ade- quate : organisation., ,^07connotK,but,'rejoice in .tho modification whioh Episcopacy'is undergoing in, pur pwnicclpnt, in tho riso-pfJdiocosan.[8;nods,.with,lay ij8 :wolli as ;Olerioal roprBsenmtiyo^tho.bhnngo being ovi dently.;in :tho, right,diroction; and flited to,px'iend Uj»" liberties, to develop tho r¡^urpés,,r, ipi jiromófo tho efficiency, ns woll,-aSf to peni(intrithp. ún'ityi¡pf ;th'at most important and influential .'portion1.0Ï flip., Church * of Christ in this land. "When'wo íoólc''n¿qjf4(.-iót, our nwn denomination,.tho. endcavoucs^aftor creator ccclo siaatical unity nro.to.bor wjtncssod.,ovcrvy/Ji.Qrp.. Thero is this'pfecúliririty ho\vôVor,' àbnb'of 'the1 Presbyterian, churches need, tp. ch'aligTrrthqir existing internal bri.'anlsatiori in'Order {o'c?W,oiit lth6ltlprariB 6f'-'ummi. The .oxlating organisntiort'i-thb - organisation obaroo teristio" of'fth'om-fa?mshbsr^ mnbhinoVy, hblh'fbE'üriägirigTiWnt^ Búburingjfthé hormoníóus^ánd Irl«» attained TMi, frt ft» small measure. Weounl for tba extraordinary rouljiplicntion In recant time of instances cf Presbyterian union, anil it« n less extraordinary success Tha various sections o the vast Presbyterian body in tho United States o America, though not yet formally united, are rapidl. approaching each other, and their union cannot bo lon; deferred. In the British Empire much in the way o union has been already accomplished. In Scotland i is now nearly half a century since tho two bodies of th old Beoossion were united in one church, which, ai¡ak was enlarged, somewhat less.thsn tweuty years ago, b a further twipn^ which .resulted in what is now.th , United CPresbylorian;. Church. " ; Arrangements, orel i progress, under tho .most, promising auspices, for ; union betwixt that church and her younger. hut mor \- powerful' 'sister,'' tho ' FriW Church,' and also forth union'-wttn; both of the Reformed Presbyterian Cliurcb That union, Vhon completed, will comprehend two ' thirds - of ' the '" Preaovtcrlanism, -of Presbyterial ; SeotKad'. 1 Tho : Established -Church, "indeei will still romain . separate. ' But. .let . us hopo tha chsirges will ensue-the nature of the required chango . BchWraido mny yet b%-agrebd about, but it is not to bi doubted that, whpn tho 'excitement of recent contro Ycrsy shall barb passed a war, and new light ho' striicl "tut by thia 'maffcb: of .; events)'. Christian wisdom' 'ant 'charity will End1, them out by which that venerabh ''.c'lurch, whWis:',thi'mbta«' of UB al"-the Churdij . of Knoi, and Melville, arid Hondereon, and, erowhild \--of Ersk ¡ne ami Oillcspio, and Chalmers'-'-will yct,Svitn her daughter churches" "giveil back to her, and ptrongei and bettor compacted thoa'in' 'tho' days bf iher youth) become again, jiut in a hichcrsenso, and morcgloriously than over she has ever Deon hitherto, the National \- Church , of ; Scotland. . Tho' 'PrbsbyteriaaV. "Church .:of England,' again, ' is' already ntnkingi ovcr^ t.,tures which - are 'Srmdly ' mot ? for ' participation t'-in-.tiuY anticipated nsion of'tho churches north of thc i ?T woad; I while,' across 'the Channel, ,two«nnidns. tho last . of ¡which is moro tann twenty years old; has resulted in \- the formation 'bf tho Presbyterian Churoh of Ireland, . tvhich comprehends a larjgo-if- riot thelargest-portion riol.I'risTi: Protestantism'.':'Turning from the mother ...country to tho British colonies,'tho -union of JProsbyto c x'l&nichnrchos.ilas; spread 'With sùch "rapidity : ns nbw- lp havo become all but universal.-''On tho American ?: ©orrtrnont'suah union has taken placo in Canndo, and , 3fova " Scotia^ hnd; as revflnls oiw'owh: Australasia; di ?.JTew Zealand, in Tasmania, in Victoria, in Queensland, . an :6outh 1 Austral'a, and 'now tt Inst' in Now South TValos. Nor is there any reason >why there should not T>o a confedoration of our various Australasian ïrcsbytorinn churches, " ' Vilich "might holp 'fltitl_further todevoloppjtheir'UTiitty.nnd, without any infringement of their soverálViglits, might economist! their rosouroos.'^and* prdmote'"their, efficiency for corni mon ends'." And "this idea of confédération might weft bo carried out amongst " all' evangelical Presbyterian 'OliurclrcB . throughout- tho "frorld ;, :tho confederation " ffiodiHed, .Of ( courso,; .by distance, but tyet !,retaining .."onpugh't©'.'identify all. tho churches as ono. in faitlr, Tvorsbip.^nd government, aadfurnishing ifacilities tof ; niütuiil«cncouragbment' in tho 'work of our , common ¡ .lord/ Even apart .from^scóli confederation, tho Preal ^'bytorjan Ohjújchof New South Wales, this day formée^ ..has 'beebmo, a member," however , humble, : oE.'thf '.groat family ; of Presbyterian .. Churches.. Tljis . is '',-(jröugh tot ¡Uro, ¡vs. ,. ,with ..,«. , hely mn '?Wlion.11 Presbyterianism 'tas groat traditions.," It'was . tho. orflor, -ras .wo- belippe,.. observed ' in thepriniUivb ''Church.'' Undo* tho'mighty impulse of tho Koformn 'tidñj-''it.' was, th0;'order. generally, .followed by. the ,chur3b.es pf Europe in-proportion as' they.woro left to [spontaneous nótioiy'ana wore upco'nstraincd hy princes "und'ïiileri" It'was'mwnly diving'to tho mleryehtibii of the civil powor that<rts adoption was prevo'nted in -som« countries, and thatlt was afterwards criiahod out in others. Tho Reformed Churches of 'Franco, of Holland, of SwitzoriaribV and- of Scotland testify to it ns-n natural nnd appropriate organ of tho re- awakened Ohr.te'mn consciousness.'. ¿ And,; hlthóUghl iii .all those ¡ cmictriès,' ' with tho - noblo exocjition of! ;. our fatherland, ' it i'l' has .?' sUfierodi fong : r : do , pression,_ from, which.iv.it. is' onlv nsw rising again with n fresh , awakening of-religious rlif(M and .Under the; shelter"O'f uncreased . civil I: and : roligious , .liberty, it has found cbopepsatiôn inthe powerful hold i it ilia* taken, -amki ithegroat institutions ol , Ameriooj, : whoro'it comprehends, wilbin its pale n largo, proportion of tba population^ and a still larson proportion of tho Chriatial jntelligonge «nd energy of tho commonwealth1. i.Preabytorinnsini, ¡tlioreforo, it Only Presbyterians .uri , truo to the; spirit of,,tlwrr system "and its. traditions, has -a _ glorious futuro 'before it,, it.isroasonablo.tp ,bb ..lievo,.ïn this and f the other Australasian colonies.. .With its i steadfast, àdherenbo. tb .the £rmt°(.doètru<eB*pf ..the Refortuation; as bmUo'diod iri Its'voiiorablo -btaUdard'sl; ?with'Uio provision which it lins always boen.careful, to maintain for scouring cn oducatod ministry ; with its combination of ruling along with teaching elders ¡fi tho government of the church i with tho jealousy with .whioh;it guards tho rights of tho Christian peoplo iji tho élection of office-beam's, and in general congroga tionnl- managemonti-with the oheckB which:it próvidos against morely local and' temporary influence*) in eccle- siastical discipline arid administration, it has advantages, ns it seems tous, which dotnot meet under any otb or system. God forbid that we should say, " We aro th ) peoplo, icnd wisdom must dio with us." '? In our syston. at ]e.i9t,.'.-as,hitherto wrbugrrty thorp aro^manj' Sefcctsc f -which wa aro painfully conscious ; and, no doubt, there oro many others of * which wo aro unconscious. If, again, ¡ pother; > «yetoras,; ; 'aar. : compared , with 'our own , |' 'haye; their -irawhacks, they ha-\jo also thíír..* ? bxcéllencós, . wliioh ÍWO\ will do well tb rocbg'niBO arid. copy. . "Still, wo have a nobjo . «ngino^with jvb.ichjto.work, if vivo hod onlyjwisp Sieads, ' and|slrong '.hands,.,and' loving, and , carriost,jilearte \o ^^vprk.^t,^ PAnd , what .«' glorious,, though .arduduf, ; (Jiiiss'ibn, lies' bbfórp, us ?. -Thereis,' ñ^et of.. ,o¡}h, too «ni j, ; sçlidatin^' of pur ojcisßiiff. congregations, tho infúsióú pf "'liow life irilo thom', tho dbvélopmoritibf their, rospurecs, tho finding cf work for ovçfr ona of their îriombéru, and tho holp'iug of jeycryonp at .hisfWO^If, the training of tho young, tb^Vatguatni;'' of oui"'people 'to act ou|, 'xvardB on the'.'religious' indifference nnd vico nrounjd .tjibrii, and the .evoking among them of vdevout intoreft ' hril activo participation j in tho general sonemos *ô4d .Work of tho cKiirch." Then", there is' the supplying, in \- ? connection - with othor religious- bodies,- of the - as yot scattered, ^opujation .of t our. vast interior wiljh tho publio brdinanebs bf "roligiort, ' by which alono wo cin.ippd te.'rpvíre'án tho'.bldor portion, of i that popUlà tioñ religious impressions, too often well nigh worn ..outr and to save the younger-fromgrowiBg up-in'somc l itbing little, shprt'of .absolute heathonismr Oar churches . .athonie lavish their íbousanda and their (tens of . thou / ^ands annually on agissions to . heathen ¡lands.. ; AU {honour ' to thoir Christian, liborality I ; Would that it .wore multiplied.a hundred fold 1 , it.is.a noblo thing to (holp in carrying ¡out! tho groat commission, " Go info «ll,,tho world,,.and .preach tho Gospel to every crea ... turo!" But,wopld also ithey- only know,- tha,t, rin.tlio ' 'far- stretching'.wilds of Australia, there aro their " brethren','' ''tholr- kioshibn " according to tlio _iloih," who aro as . fer -from-tho . sound-bf tJis '©ospel as tho Hindoo pr 'tho. Hottentot 1 Tho first obligation' iá' tho mnttcr no doubt liés on ' Ibo Austri linnDiuiroliCB, ¡ and >vo must ha rpnsed to do our?, utmost j but,' until wo aro stronger_flnd bolter organisod, our , utmost,will bo. top l¡tl|o unlçES. our homo ohurehés furnish âis .with mon for.Üio wórlr, and also hojp us, in ntho^fiiWtinstance, iu ;mAintainin'g. them/, .Situated'as ' -wo ara,'tho work'which' libs to us is groat' Wilh;all tho bvangclistio' effort Üomandb'd ofúSjin' tho rccesses'pf . our own .tfsland-obritinOrlt, wo nra' hot at. liberty tb ' 'elib-t CUr'barB to'tho call -frbni tho adjacent'. islands of tho Pacific- " Como over, and help us." Ono of 'our .vrfirat-. duties, .ns c a- .ohuroh---jwill - bo - to - organise a mission to tho New Hebrides. But all r ithis .! only .:'ihai^ä;n; how. -T momentous! !' aro ' tho . claims- of i Australian ovangolisation. ,n Thoso young "'Australian?< oommunitios.iWithi, all ¡ tlioi'élemontS' Of 7,Ctrongth belonghig. to a pooplo cliiefly of AngloSason i. origin., and. inhahiting'/n territory; possessod . of almost ?. dlliBHtable inaturali resouross,' aro - dostinod, at no very, .\distahtutlay, jto 'ibecamo',grêat,;natidns, exercising a.¡ i;im¡gh¿y;lnfluonca:;on>tlio countless'islands of Polynesia . on tlie i ohOi'handj and on,tho larger,?.though,;lesa na-, i.' knerous.i,islands andu pauinsulas'. strqtching.onwards) . itowardsiOhina'andt/IndU on- tho othor.l .That their ..libSuonoe fflay/'-oppratè/i fori advancing ' tho .highest : iutersstß of humamty.depeildson thoir being thoroughly J '. jloa>reaed,,nt tho prosont'alag*} of their,, devolopmont, with the.knowledge anidanducoeo of:tha;gbspal.;, i How i ,ardu*ui;äioh"'E; repeat, . and uyet howl glorious, > fathorH audj brethren/it iho,mission wliich !opons bans I and ..'Bow i shnll-jwo. .hq .' equipped I foi : it, i'except- by. | Ji tho-.iiword i.Of o truth) i by ; Jhe powor of God, by! .tho. , armour.of rightoousneas, on tho right hand and.' on tho, '.- Jeftüj-Add how orá wà td ílndhtbis oarjtpn*opt^' and to. ,c Jiseit skufuUyyiCàrnoïUy, abd 'faithfully,; wKaffouñtl i?. .' In nop^hor'Way,tnan?by'sdur::5ánitod churchnin all its \- patts.lbeöomidg^liorododply baptised intd tha spirit'of ¡ .ßb,rttt,i .Theroiamuhh lo' bhetrii* in tholum'on of ,tlnsc . day. Formor alionatioris lmvO;boen in a groat meBsnijo . ovorcoraa-former, broaohos libaled-iond tim divided and, disporeod^iout 'ilàndmiàotlonjird gatliaiftd into ono. In. Bo.far ha.o'ur tixMn is to bo traced to any increase of ^P^WaWft^^hgltiiiiaad tff truo^.Çhrîaii»n,'.i9àl anil .?? iu v jim? ,x**.i>-r I " i charity, Wo have causo of thftfltiigtojng to tho God «ll grâce, Tet inferior ini-nuioos may have mfngjo. a largo extent with those Which are higher end put and enough of spiritual deadness, and of. ¡Is < comitant evils, still remains, to warn that we must hot count too rnjuch on mero, ex tel union, or on >any formal organisation, or syst en combined action, arising out of it. At such a time need to realise the importance, and-if any rcnl goa to bo done-(ho absoluto necessity of a fresh bapusrr theSpirit,andiof an awakening amcing.ug," Buen as not yet been wi tnessed-of -vital Christianity. "Who it-wa expect and desire from our union ?_ Not, sural; i high sounding empty name, or a mero imposing ar of ecclesiastical machinery. -. If it is to be of any va at all it must bc as the manifestation of the powei Çhrisrian'love, fusing hithorto discordant.materials 4 combining them tinto , an instrument of increase Ch tian èfficienoy. But where is this love to como fr< and: what is to give to it the consistency and .fe of united Christian - action ? except : tho tri of Christ, and Christ -himself "by his spirit, si become in our church an ercr- preacnt power, 6endi the pulsations of truo.spiritual Ufo: from, the heart j the very extremities of the body, r What need is Ul for us setting ourselves,'and stirring ' up ¡one anotl and the peóplo oommitted- to our obarge,.ito takeihi with a firm grasp of tho great promise of the dispen tion under which we livo-r-the promise of tho II< -Ghost-and to cry- earnestly, to'God for a renewal Pentecostal grace, that tho Gospel may win among something Uko Pentecostal triumphs. A revivo~a a earnest church ;ia the want <jt, our- times ; n chur realising and reflecting _tho lifo and love of Chri Jleforo such a chwroh the protean shapes of *«o-call . rationalism,, .which,, is but another, name for cold' and heartless infidelity, would perish.: -Th hnvo "pa, .lifo in thom to resist life. Th nfford.,.play.':i for , tho " lighter speculation intellect, but they cannot rnovo the depths man's moral nature", -which nothing hns ever availed stir andto sway, but the power of a living Chri^tiamt A rov^vod and earnest churolv too, canjalene avail ; maire the various forms of anti-Christian error stai abashod, and to a wo and subdue $he_ world's practic ungodliness., .- Let us bless God for ¿ho tokens on evoi hand'of the church rising to such life and oarnostnof WoTocogniso it and rejoice todo so in the higher toi lind die growing activity of tho sister ¿hurones rom us in.this.lond of pur adaption, r -Wa recognise itlntl increased'stir of religious lifo in EnglrcnfU " Tho' Ppir of tho Intimere and Ridleys of the times of tho Rofe mation-; of tho'Owcnfl anti'Howes' "of-Sho seventeen) .century, j, of, tho apostolic.Vjiesjsy.^of .the eighteentl and, , of ,thp, ..Careys) ¿nd ; thq j "Marshmnns i moro recent ' days, seems to live agnrn, wihnirjg'tl nacondniioy ; .dpspitofal}. >opp»BÍng forces irr thóBOvcri T iligious bodies to which VioirnimeB'hnro desconded i ii sacred herltagol In tho Presbyterianism of Scotian! throughout its various sootions,' thoro'ie an amount ( religious vitality and earnest Christian conviction an oction,'" which reoalls,'.if. Wdocs not'.ôclipso) tho mpi glorious of Scottish religious memories. Tho int« mission in Germ'nhy is malting" rnpiE "inroads on th religious indifference of tlio fatherland. .. A profoundt nnd moro reverent criticism is nobly-grappling wit and conquering tho neology "which »would have di spoiled Scripture of its Bivino authority and of all il ;flïstinguiphing and Hiving truths ¡ and "tho doctrino o justification by faith .- alono promises soon t 'become, and in . n groat meosuro has becom already, tho samo word Ol power as when it thundore ?threo centuries ago from tho lips Of Luther. I: IFranco, tho, Rofoçmçd Church, freed from external oj -pression, 'is, also fast rising again from its worse.ir ternal dcolino.pn'd only a-few mbnfhs'bnek gave sign» manifestation, in connecfio'n with thorilhtBtiib'us' nam of G idiot, of tho evangelical zeal by wliichit begins t "bo re-animntcd., In Geneva, the modern religious rc vi val, which may bo dated from thb'vHit paid to. tba city Bomo forty years age 'by Robert'HalUano, advance with growing power and ínr-áprending 'infltionco, nni lins acquired prominence throughout 'Oliiistondôm a associated with such names ns thbse'-cf "Vinot, ani Gausson, and D'Aubigne-names on'y; .'less itlustriou than thoso of Colvin., and Enrol," ant) Bez in tho errent days,of old. ; It would bo HWloultto osti ranto tho inimbneb impulso which, during tho last fov lycnrs,' has been 'given to evangelical religion in Italj «nd still moro difficult to-foretell-its issues. Tho Ugh of a .puro.gospel wljich .was, noyor. wholly quenched ii tho valleys' bf-Piedmont whon deep midnight lay oi oll.tho rest of Europe now-.radiating far. beyond its oli mou'ntnin" asylum, kindling up with liferg'iving'ppwe in many important and influential contro8«th'rpughbu tho dark places o£ tho South, ;and oxtonilingits boam even to tho dark seat of the Papaoy itself.. '©ur tiding of tho stato of roligion in tho New ,WqrUl, egain, hav far somo years been-lost «mid ¡,¿ho. din, of tlio moa 'desolating bf modern ware. But tho, groat,religion revival of America,,.some, ,yoars- before,,. no" doub contributed powerful clements 'for' good amii all tho violcnco necessarily . attending , «sp uti parallel n conflict, and was not without its influence ii determining tho glprious issue, BO far ns regards _ tin bronkinglbo bonus of threo million of BIOVCB. SToithri can Wo doiibt that the terriblo Ordeal through" Whicl tho American; churches have-; passed j will bo overrule! for deepening in them n spirit of religious ' thoughtful noss, «nd stirring"-them' tp roprSr tho desolations ot? tht sword, -by moro 'earnest ' endeavours than before' ti exemplify nnd diffuse tho blessings *of tho Gospel di peace. -.<'With 'tho church in all lands »fche> waking, up,. and putting on ..new .strecgt) in the work' of tho Lord, as if girding hersoll for'.tho '¿réát. 'ilnalVbhflioVw'hidli- iBYtouesúoI'ín tht univorsal'triumph of. truth and righteousness-wi$ tho' manifold' companies ' in the great,army of thc Captain of Salvation, gathering, orí ovbry BÎdo, pàntinj to take possession pf. tlio,world is <ttm nanto of Mossial tho. :.Princè,,j6halI \woi' fathers and " brethren, remain idlb spectators? Lot us.'with all the dow of our youth pn us as a cfc uroh," take bur place, lowevor humble, among the/ oe voh'nn tedi hoste, overyione.' Of tia yowing, in the strength of,,- tho grace which is iii Christ Jesus, ' to bb faithful uute death. Thal very vow renrxhdB ' us, that '«obi»'' wo" ^riiust, as individuals, drop our* -armour; ? and* thc f niling strongth of somo of us givosi warnung that oiir time cannot bo long. All tho more, need <Uiero is that wo quit oursolvesj orhilo' we' may, to' 2ght- tho good tight of faith, and enlist others to-fill:«litîi younger liands tho plaoes-wo Jbavè.-' Thon wo shall join that part'Pf tho'hbst who bava-already crossed the flood-4 gnsoting.thO'blood'-besiJrinkled hands on the eternal shone-and with thom will watch.tho conflict «re havo loft onward to its glorious close, and take part in raising thni.3B.oat of.jubiloe which will fill'itho.'univflrso,; leud ns tho «aico of mftny_ wntors,,and as the veice pf iuj¿hty thundeitngs. Alleluia, for,1 tho .Lord God omnipotent roigneiti. >:.",-: .': . i .; The.lte4eratpr,.was frequently applauded during the delivery of his eloquent address, _ tho concluding appeal of which made a deep impression on tho audience ; ; TheItoVi Br..FtrttBnro», a¿J¡ha.soniorTof tiip rotiiv ing afodorators, moved a résolution: expressive bf tho gratitude'." of tho Assembly ; J1PW constituted' to tho Groat Hoad of tho Church, / for 4he eonsummation bf tho union in onswor; to tho 'prnyore :,bf 'His'popio. In' 6oV(doing,' h'aj,,(fhbwéi" from.; a ..bonibwhat. lengthened revíowj o£ jtho' hUitorjri Pf ¡ thov S;riodv ef JAus'tralio, an,d- bf 'thoV' nogotiauoàs -for^.unipa'foömmohoing .-\vith tho*, oûbrts pf -the lier, J Dr.i iOalrns; arjd the' Bor: Dr; Mackay, in (Víotoria; \ thbt the iattain .mont i ot " tho Jobjoct ' of ¿ their Jdobrea .,-oould not. ¡bo aspribod to the wisdom und zonrof /,mohi1-b'ut{ tp tho 'grace of tho Loki Jesus <Hn3sfc//-.,i^'y<i»~-. .,',-i'j : ' H Tho Bey. A Ö. GEiiiih, 'ns rclirmgiMoaomtor bf tho General Bynbd, seconded^ thi «rosblutibn.-» Hb í-ivishbd ^lióy could, all mpro^lboply féel'.tííolf dopéndoneo on tho i;gopdn«^-9fcGÓdíiancbbmpyshiri¿ov^ Ho levant on ..to. dcserjjfósoma^ót'l' tlieíadvóntágcs, ot; this .üniprt !.-1." Thoy/woillcf bo íh à writion- to'caj-ry mit ;tho_disctplta6bf' their ohúrch,-TVbicU'division ¡had ron-f lderod^Jm"pbsaiWö.:^n'M*öy-^°6u^ ho, provonted. 3. Tho oducation of n nativo ministry I could bo"carried! cutí At.prcsont"young moa of.oneígy Were igonerally:,attrnctod,'tOitlio'Jaw, tho raodioal'.pre i fossion, mcrcantilo,, pastoral, or.agricultural ontorprlso. I Thoy mußt bo careful.to socuro young mon of tho.right stamp for. tho ministry af J tho Gospel, . ¿.They, must I havo an increased activity and moro porfeot organisa tion among their, pongregationa., -Many congregations in ' this colony ' wera j most distressingly apathetic. Tn some thoro woro.no kirk so'ssions-no saornraonta.. Tlio popjilo paid thbir littlo trifle at rcôrta'm1 times, and tbolc no interest in anything that" waa donó. Their congre- gations must learn hob to Bond calls td ¡ministers except through . tlio .-.. Prcsbytory-^-nqt,.i to 'refuse> col- lections. , appointed , by ? tho , assembly- . (heir l«oar)-rPOt. í ; to ' bo isolated,, "hut. ; to co-oporato as. i-parts!,-of;!; ono ...--groat¡ i whole.,.' ,Thb - .peopld must wake tip to a sense of their.church lifo.,; (Ghoers.) The future .unity,of this, assembly .was.n ibing about, which they. muBt nil bo jealous ., llo - lolt a Bolomn aiid ' perpetual prptoBt .against tho tendency ,to,div¡BÍon in tho Presbyterian Churoli. <Ohears.),i ; s-, h<< ."? j ¡c-;. ,! ] ' v. Tho resolution .wnBicnrriodiUnanimouelr. t ,!,-.'' |-; :. iAtrthisstago, pt tho prooi»<lings:tl)OiBer; JW- Purros handed in a lotlpr io-.tJie- iiiodorator^-from.'tliOrBov. B. \- IVWJta'zio, o£,-We»t MoitUad, making application 1 ? .K'ii ii «HICJ:0 ' ba behalf of himself and tho congregation at Vt o Maitland, for admission into tho Presbyterian Chun of New South Wales. . . . . . . The Ber, WV PUBVES moved that the application ncccdod ta As a near neighbour to Mr. M'Kcnzio, 1 bore witness to his worth and to that of tho congi galion.. . _ * The Ber. Dr. Sf EEL eocondbdtho motion. _ Ttesa twenty-two years ago, ho and Mr. M'Kcnzio ontcri the Univesity together, and.ho. rejoiced to welcomo-hi now.' : ! .i The motion was carried ; nnd tho Moderator rccoivi Mr. M'Mcuîio with tho right hand of fellowship. A commission was handed in from' tho West Mai land Kirk Sessions, appointing Mr.- David Dickson1 represent thom.''in. Hbo ? general, .assembly. Tho cor mission.was .sustained,, and Mr. JMuksoa.was recoivi accordingly., .".,,. , r. ., :- Tho General'Assembly was then' adjourned' at t* rainutes.past two ' o'clock Hiritil 10-o'clock, this day? meet'in Phillip-streot Church, nnd thereto go into cor mitteeon bills-and overtures. -The next meeting f tho business pf the,8ssombly7being .iixed for Oo'oloi on Monday evening,, . .j j^. ,,.',. , , ... .¡, r ', Tlio MODBUATOB then pronounced tho boned lotion. Most of tho ' members of tho assembly afterwan signed tluTarlicled of tho basis. In tho evening in ' Om S^ts. Cbu^roh,-Ch^b-^il.l, public, mecingiwas held in celebration of tho union i tho Presbyterian Churches iu Now South Wales.^ Tl Rev. Adam Thomson (MOdcratoïT-presided." _ "Tl platform ; wa»; occupied ; by a large Jnunibori of i Presbj terian ministers and ; lnyrryjn, whilo the body of tl church nnd tho galleries^were crowded, by an nudieni that evinced tho livliest'lnterest in tho proceeding Praise '.boiriggoffered, the ' Mbflqrator called;'upon tl Rev. JV Cameron, of BichmoWd; tvh^,opcnod'.the mee ing with prayer., . -1f , L. ". '.,'' .\ \ ',-'., Tho MoÙKnAton said he nebdnöt;(oll them'the objoi of tho'preseíit J meeting,''.which''was tb' celebrate tli wnion,of tho Prcbbyterian Cnurtdids of New South Wale Ho had already spülten, today, nt considerable lengtl on "this subject, -and therefore-he-would - -not say moi now; but oali-, on jthjo:ilrßt rfnoaVec on tho list^-O. looking at tfiis list hb_ found the Kev. Dr. Lang wo appointed to deliver tb«.first addrees; r. - . . . On calling upoD/Dr.,.Jiang, tho " .:..!..'- . .< < i Hov. Mt PATKnsoN'..rpse, ani-saidibehadfrepoivoi a note from Dr. Dang, whiofc ho handed t¡ to. th Moderator. Tho noto .stated thtt Dr. Lang ,.was prc vented from^attending tho meeting, as he had,to go on of town. ',.:",. Ü;«.'....ÍH' i ?,,i "? ..'i The.Atederator.'thoreforo, called upon-rr-,''. ' . r , Tho Jtev.W, PuRyKs, of Maillnndf,to move tho:fii« resolution. Ho.said.he.hpd been called upon suddeojy and ho need not say.that, ho 'wouldvgladlv accept tin calh., {Tte, object thoy had long desired had been at las' attained. (Applause) Dissensions had long disturbo! them,'but to-day'they had consummated a union. ax< now theylwore :mot ito' celebrate'that, union. ' 'Dissen sions had existed previously an :tho> church, ¡and year ago a union was effected'wlrioli did.'not last. long. Ni doubt there was Bomb cause! for this'subsequent dis union, .nnd they ought hot ia bo'toooxulting.ovor thi present, .thought it>wUs a ctasioifor. rejoicing. _ Man; ominont.mon, he regretted io any, from consoienfiom scruples, could not yet agroo with their union ; but hi hoped their acruplos.- nSigllt -yet? bo'romovod.1/ «(Ap plausc-) A church ¡divided- is not ¡na healthy state and it would "bo 'well if thoy could_ enlj bo .ono' in doctrino and J spirit, as in culeated' in -' thal Now'-Testament,-. ' Tho' cau'aèsT ol differences ramong tho .vário'us " Protestant' 'chùrehci may'bo numerous and -aceoUhtiablo 'in some matters ol detail^ but BumlyHhBrolought'tó.bonO'-sopa'ration-ni division among a body that profossosito adhere tb thl sama Christum' ' - dochime»:ü <>v (Applause.)''.< «'¡Ü better spirit, ho was happy¡ ; to'-' Bay, 'il gottipgf 'abroad/ r Ohrisfiiiriity : is ? : beginning 5tf bo moro and more understood, and to DO Tombo»coi and felt that its fnitlil ». not to bo maintained not propagated by faction and abuse." Mt ia beginning i te ho felt that Christianity 'is not to hato ono ariotíie¿ The work which our great ¿Lord' and. Master duLwucr, on easíü.was-r-going'nbatitdoing good j and whoa wc And wo havp escaped from.i'tho, mud and .elimo of dis- sension nnd detraction, iwo ebal! begin to .approeiati hotter ithe blessings of our union.-, : .The; advantages of union -in'a colony Uko,this must bo bf incalculable bonoflt. dTirstly lo tho niinietow'thomsolvos. Nothiijg si loasetm their- usefulness aa ithou, depressing j influence of differences, among members Jot thoir own persuasion, Secondly,' it will boneilt the_niombera of tho church', "MuT provóñt'~tTiósb "divisïônc, " even 'among'" priva tb families,! which hnvo'. sometimos» occurred. f-Tltal " Union iib: strongtli'l'IÍB ia proverb.- Ibo ;well known. Whore tho members of tho Presbyterian-. Church aro -cc few in comparison with otkordarge b'odios,l it'beoorn« them to be united. Thoirihtcrest ia «common one, uni' they cannot achiovo those resulte iii 'dissensionvwhfoli they have f,al reasonablot hope pf .attaining' by. union. Ho should,rtlicroforo, move thoifollowingrosolution :-f .'' Tlmt'tlns .«citing;, rtijoicos'in.itlie consummntion of tho union of tho Presbyterian .Churches of Now Soutji .Wales on these : prinoiples, which.¡preservo, tlîe, historia standards of tho Presbyterian Church, and, which embraces ite«various sootione." vi ! t-f-. .- >v;.-| j _ Tho Hon. !T. MAO I?Aia.'ANE(-in >6«eoridi rig tho'resolu- tion: said, Mr. Modomtor-r-Aftor tlioi*loqucnt' nnd ex- haustivo maimor in which tho Boy. Father/ who pre- ceded him, had treated tho'subject;'-lt seemed that -nótliin'gfurtherdó support of. tho resolufion'ivas required. Ho would, however, beg leavo to say kow'' mubh and deeply bo sympathised with tho rejoicing' oxpressod .by tho resolution. Wwircjoico that^wCihaw got our. long expected union^-lhé dcsiroiofA 'ouríhoarta^-aB tho way to build up tho walls of.bur desolated Zian. And wc rejoice that tho uuUoauay.be) considered asa monumcrit .of Go.d's.favour, of.IIis£uidanco, nnd.contralling power, leaving a testimony at onco, to tho. faitlifeilness _antl charity, BS well Ks tlio gracif ul concession of tho partieb negotiating. (Applause.)- A union leaving out a'ecd' tiiou of tho community avould nha've bben'inoompleto ( amnion tailing in all, with any.. sabriiioo'bf principle, or woundings of conscionoei' would have boen unfit iii itself ns, instead of giving happy prospects' would havp I show-E what a sad ttun¿ twn«. patchwork- in importanjt mattera; or, to express himself professionally, as tho injudieüusT -hdahng.-: i bf i ab -'.ulcor, K.^tbat would bo likely to.- show 1!itself! ,dl«whoro.;i;:(Laughter.) Tho' aintlgainatioh : hbd i dccupiéi'J tiuio.lu'rid nttoi^ lion to recoaoilb' nll.i .so as to securo harmony, andi at,tho..samó¡vtimo to preservo points which conscience cannot sprrendor- Dut tho. timo, had, not boon lost. S.lowïyfmnturcd, thoy wore satisfied nt the amalgamation,'; which 'like tho -did ¿ak would boar' tho heat of'summer,'and'tho'frost of winter; not like1 tho hastily .forced, pkmt.liablo.to. bo snapped by.tho wine] . .or, withered by tho scorching sun. (Applause.) W¡e tliorbforo.' go on- in'tho'spirit of 'that comprehensive iib6rality cJcomplifltd 'irl ourJ union, . and with^ that fidelity-to doctrino and to - practico, so continuously .mtjniiiostod.. Tn conclusiop he said,, may tho .God Omnipotdnt, show us increasing'marks .of Hid favour, andbnablc Us to show doliglit'in/rind to wholly satiotify this measure for His Glory. (Applauso). j ThoTresolution ,was.thon put and carried unnni "möiislyV " - ' '??/ ? ' /*> f Tho nov. J. B. I/AcanTON/of Bathurst, bcinç callcà upon, said ho intendod, tp.spohk as'to |tbQ relation be- tween tho|ohuroh bf Now South "JVales; with tho Estab- lished Ohureh in Scotland. ..Bbforb ".sp'onking of this relation;'lío ^ëuld ëkpress his' satisfaction at tho union ni ready, consummated. (Applause.)_It waa basad oh scriptural principles, and ho hoped tlio union would bo 'th'ó'móans ot joimng'thb'scattered, olorrionts of rircsby iorMhishvin'all-ñdrts bf the world.-"''Ho should like to soo- ecoloeinstioal- confederation -of -tho wliolo of tho colonies, -j Presbytérianisme had oxistod in Ulis colony before, tfie o'thors .wore almoBt.^knpwn, yotrtho,o}hor colonies liad eo'rtriinly left 'this'bbhind'in Presbyfcrinji union.-Hore there had boon difTerencos not easily healed»'which had not occurred iii thôsb!óblenlos j bntnow ho hoped, to find a reciprocity .amongst all. tho Fresbyv terian;.;.OhurohoB-.. ;'ini;; tlio ? . Australiao,^!- though oach .colony:.-! .would.iiihavo.',aita own cliuroli, its.i pwn3'.ijdiseipUno,>; and its. own control'; but bo ono for general business^ At present the Prei byt'erian'Churbhof Now South "Wales had no ofilciil conbooliorliwith'.tlio ¡EetaUltíHed .Chürbh- Pf'Scotland, thaií'rco.Church.'of' Scotlandisnor'any .othoc church.: It boenmo," thoroforb, a question with thom to consider thoi relation "subsisting formerly between tho Froo -Preflbyterinn-Churoh-of--Austraiia-and--tlio-Ghurch df SçptlandjJt waa .wilhsomoporspnal difBoulty¿ nt\d wltíi mu'eli'hositátibn that ho could cb'néoHt'to,throw pffliall ecolosiosti<»l¡conne«tioii,wiUi tho Established Church bf" Scotland)'j Syil,'iib at length' 'consented, and ho bd lioved nbw^ho.stop was a wiso.pno. .(Applause.) _ Fôr what had,wb tb do with thç,dissonsionaof tho oliuroliès in Scotlahd ? 'Quostibns'^orefrequMïy discussed, arid cóntrOvérsies - wérdi pdrpdtrirtllv^ow'nTrinB 'bn' inatlcra .tbat.could. notin. Um-Joaat-affoat- thoir ohuroh-in. this colony. Ho was, thoroCpro. glad te» say.thatthiscliurdlr w'oUId hafo no'itilolal' bbhpöctipn'"WllKlttiö Prcsbytotiun . Oliü'rohbs'ifi fScotlána.'' '-Thoyjlmd'¡tWóinsblv'os Jcdnio td tIïat<*ômtof unltnï sblbri^ desired o'monjf'thBm'.' "As' thoModoratorhadBaldin.tho morning "lot thV'poit' dead, bury 'liapaSacVf'.lot*'.theta''.nonoaforth boonb/ ^T^F^Í^^^j^ír^^í^jl1^»^1*'^^^0^' '*.» Lord, oveja Christ. Lot lhere bo do moro feuds. Sir Wn'.tei Scott Sn ono of his novel» had given ft description; o rival clans which -ultimately, selected fifty swordsmei to settle tho dispute at tho point'of tho sword om Palra Sunday, and a bloody brittle ensued. Ho hopei there would bo no Palm Sunday' in tho Presbyterial Church ; but ho sincerely hoped that they would hnvi an Olivo Sunday, "and that evett ' nest Sunday to cele I brate-the peace" of tho churches, in .New-South, Wales Though thc union" would have neither an official, no; ecclesiastical relation with tho Established Church o! Scotland, still'they would, maintain that brotherly love and sympathy. towards , them'; would not depart fron thp basis,rbut rest on the .Westminster standard,. one continue in ' good' fellowship ' with, them. Ht trusted tho. union would, bo for tho poa oe end prosperity nf our Jerusalem. "No. doubt, we" shbU'pro-fit by expo riencc... Jf ho had, to livo hip life over again, ho- wpuld .have, acted perhaps, differently .in many things ; but they had now booouió men, and ho exhorted . thom" ic put away! childish.things. <Muoh applause!) ..,'-, ' Professor.Sirrrii, .of tho jOnj.yersity, on being called upon,'sa,id ho was not'well,, but would '. take tho oppor- tunity, as .bo , liad'beoh called, vto express, hia.honrty goodwill towards tho union, and "wished'.it prosperity. If he had bcK>n,in-better,,mood to speak, ho might have ,nlludj4 to some evils that might "bo guarded ngpirjst Expe'rieneo^old the'm.that ¿.'strong church' was. likely to become, .tyrannical..! .Wiso! , leads,, 'strong hearts, ' and "strong hands ', ¡might ; ; ho.,. wanted. Ho trusted these ¡strong hands' would not bb required. Tho temper bf'tho present hmo did not bear that "rostriclion "ns"when""'tho "church Was first formed." To .maintain'..tho liberty they'alLtiosU'edlhoylshöuld-tnko caro that tho '? church ' ¿oartsí were ?? not composed .too largely of the clerical element (Applause.) Tho Presbyterian ^Church, . Had' this ndvantngo over other churches, that theorerÍeairy'fthás-tho'láy clement equal in representation,, but they ~knowin.practico church courts,, warp, composed of the clerical. .It was not ex-j podient to'leavo it iso:" It_wbalo bo ndvisable'if tho lajj clament wore ,niaro activo. "TTo said nothing personal ;| for.'-'taltp^any"profession/ lind thoso professions' would,' ;il»o% and db'Ghd':it'l)orieficial to have others'tp'nsspointo Svith'thotn.':" Thobest safeguard against any'tyrhhhicnlj conduct would >:" be - the odmixturo of "tho lnjj element in larger proportion. ? ¿(Applause.)- 'He;:muB^ express his fervent lippe that this Presbyterian,. Church; ns nb w'formed, would continue to'prosper, that it -would bp found a blousing 'tb. them now, and .that future abes might'1'reap still'' greater'' advantages. - ''(Ap! plauso.).- I <.a ol ia.-.- ï> .>:>? Î.S.I-J- . I Tho MoncRATOR hero said there was ^no, reason fpr tho last speaker io, .supposo, any offciico could bej takon nt his observations.1' ' They óhly wished tho layj men,TWOuldn5fir 'lliomBelvqs.7;-(ílivigliter;) There was nothing of which-they werb less jealous than to seo ti large ndmixturb pf tho.'laity-j in our church, and tho« 'hotoöV tousse moro.'-' ". J ' '. . "' '-r'r: ' 1111 " ( -_rho-Rov. W.. GaANr. of-Shoalhaven, being called unon.-being very ill. had to apologise for Iiis inability tb udtlross tho mooting. L ¡ V) * . . -'" 1 I The;MonEnATon thcroforo chlled upon 1 '. j Ti-The; Rev:. "Dr. '.-SxBEii,'} wbofl said .nwhon.T-pooplq woro getting morrjod. they;¡always said vory prottyí things, bjUtj.tho' married had'"to look after sorao-' thing olsoonc'o'thoy were united (Laughter.) They! had to look- after- means- -to- provido- for-the-futureJ Tliero_would be a rising family, mero baoka tp olethoj 'nnH'mpro!rnouthsto'feettl. 'l<Inoreasod laughter.) ' ,'Justj as in niarriod circloB, so beHveon churches. Thoro must! be a; largor provision .made . for tliQ increasing responsi-j bilitios. There must be.eotnolhing to rely upon. Now! thoy had got married, and thrown off tho old folks nt' home, tho" Churches of Scotland would expect us to .maintain ¡oareolvcs.] i Wo.hsd so colleges; np- means pf¡ educating bur young mon for tko ministry.' Tiley must now depend, on. their own resources. " Tho members pt ? th'b'Presbytbriait TJhurc"h¡ wçw'horalmonbrs^antl on the members thoy inust rely ; for bcnovolcnco and liberality of tho pooplo in this colony hnd-boon- shown by- thom contributions to tho Palriolio Fund,.tho Lancashire! Distress I'lind, nnd.tho'FJpbd'Ilolief Fund. ^TJÍey'.had proved, themselves worthy Of a'land of gold. (Applause.) And:wore tho Prosbytoriansof tJiis.colony-less liberal orj poorer than' tho ? inenibors of "'other "communis, oin?-,- Tho union of tho Pr&bytorinn; Church would; réquiro tho' continued sustenance of her members* If they would traoo history from tho most remote nges,| they would find tho pooplo weso ovor ready ",tq i sn pporlj tliotorriplo in which thoy .'worshipped1 tho" Suproiuq Being." Through all ngos tho people, had consecrated their ilrst fruits tb'thoglöry pf' tho' 'temple; * ' -Whorl they carno to tho No w-Testament, religion and conscience tobit n highcr'stakd,'- and tho members of tho church gavo according to their-conscience,- not a tenth, as of; former ages. This Christian liberality belonged to .sohi'o of tho highest aspirations, and tho! .noblest1 ned quickoning.omotions of tho heart It brought itsvoiirn .reward. J.tjbrought down the. blessing o£ tko Almighty t anti whoY knowing thl%',worydnot'do'Jils 'host' ' lo* serve tho cause pf pod. Ife'ltndw *that tho liberality oí Christians had already spread tho Gospel, and dono good to their fellow' men"" "throughout tileworld! iTb« -little colony v of ; . Nova Scotia ;hnd ' ibcoii exalted' hy tho liberality I bf Christians. ' "Front ca vagos " thoy had . boon, blessed , and, converted in to' Christians. " ' If colonial churches in other place* listlattainedjsUQh-'grbnfdbvblonmont, why not in thié colony.? .-lio had roeoived many communications,from various quarters requiring, school masters, {ind ministers' artd'ihb'liad" a projeot of ràUsinvg £1000 tb'seúdhórho t< obtain'suitable persons, Itrequircd mon of sharpcnci ! wit ind zeal, and who would sot about.their work.witl conBtaiicyand perseverance.it Ho,,hopod that nrnovo mont -would bo sot on'foot' by meetings of this kind ti raise fhtí £1000 to send homo for mon competent "íó dc the^workpf tho ministry in Mose parts of tho colon) so m'ueh in need of thora".'? If they werbfo send; foe suoh nvon'ns woro required : in some . of tho, districts! they would- havo" tb gi ve very largo stipends, for accord! ingto thelettors he had rocolveu, thoy wnnted men ot learning and great eloquence-men,-in short who could outshine nil the others in.tho locality. (Loud laughter,) Whence looked rot'thd ho' javr) vnriouBJinslitittions pf learning, Lyndhurst College,'St. John's Collogo"; and .tho University," and''n; piocb of i'groünd-'riear'for^Stí Andrew's' Cbllegb? « (Applause,)! ¡Ho'hóped"tho laity would take, stop's at once to raiso tho walls ; thoy would talco care that- it-was Ulled by youths who,- in-timcj wou.kl_bo.ablo to replace,,tho ministers.of. tho. present, hrid who iwould ho flblo'to-éduonto those who required it in Various parts of tho colony. ITo was rejoiced'ht I tho.union. and.ascribéd allHoi'lIim,:to whohi.ho said bo glory, dominion, ,and.itmisoifor over more. (Loud applause.);-: vi.',j Joni* "fticiiAnnsoN, .Esq., .then .addressed tho .meet* ing, and said that ho lind always bcon in favour bf thq unibnT Tho strugglb.hndgbne. on quotly. for .upwards of ten-years, still tho union-had been consummated .without nnysaoriilco of prinoiplo, r, With regard to tho quostioi^of- fitatb-aidj'ho ,had,iived long enough to know that a-'nian.maj; rcodiyo'it without, any, sacrificó, of tho 'Presbyterian Church, and was strongly iij favour of-tho- voluntary principle; still, ho was not. disposed to condemn a person because he wns tho rooipient of State-aid. Howovo'1, whilo ho said this, ho should slick to his principles as ho was taught thom in his nativo land. (Applause) As re« gardod tho youth ot both sexes.in tho interior, tho soonor thóyLworejeducátiodHh'o'bfftícr.. Vin írhany parts they much neodod it, . Hq hopod they would manage and eond for teachers.' Ho bad intended to snonk of tho relation between this ' church'and tho Established Church of Scotland,: but hoJind^ boon anticipated. All that was left for him was^to impress upon their minds tho careful training' of youth. ' ' (Applause) ¡ At this stag«)) ofi tho -mooting-a portion of a Psalm was sang, to n>l io YO .tho speaking, after which, ! Tho llov. JOHN DÓBOAIA' on hoing called upon, said! lie had very little to Bay, bocauso, seeing his nanto sb low on tho list, ho did not expect to ba called on at all, until half-past cloven or twolvo, thinking thoy intonded' lo continuo it jovially, on tho " wo won't go homo till ¡ask assigned to, tin,was, that as ministers taking their morninç" principio.. (Loud lead'ffom tho poorílo, thoy wore prepared tb go oh anil support tho,church.., Bul',thara.waa oleo tho,training of ybtfthi 1 tv . look J aïtjf: ' There1 " was' 'not* ' bnty agfoat ' 'bbaútyci .'bdti ' A <1-tenderness < ln\"i>: tho words ot our Saviour when .Ho referred to tho y oung1. Our Lord had shown that, tho ^kindly; fooling WOB brought out whbn'hblploBsnosi^vhs mentioned. Ono of the greatest ftipotions.ofVtha pastors was not morely to minister to,tho flock, but to_soo.tBat tho.childron word, not ^oglootod, . ..Tho,,first ihing.tho ,ohurch must look- to wittí-''íogaM '> tor Mhb yoting i«',tbilook after thom, watehl! .'ttism',. .! nurture, and train thom,, in,-,-tho -jight ^diroqti^j ;and, tho;-parent must ' tâkô" hood 'of 'thÎBÏ.y (Loud applause.)' Thb parent must try to bring, Oliriet to tho child; or the child lo ChriBb 'BO thab"it!maj' in'iiftcr years bo prd pupd to moor tho difficulties;of tho world.,, Hie child wáB rilstPputtiitg on'f biri o imago dillly; thé chi)d Wai îm'ilotivoT3 Tho-'parbnta^ shodld-v tako1 heed ofthisl;, should be* careful, and koop homo '^"'ohocrrtil1 and fUUi of light, ¡hh to briublo'thom tb imllnto 'example.1 f Thb ohila fniist also böhroiibli't to tlio church',' to' Christ Tlf6 gfoatraroflbrt should bo maud td 'diroót tho 'child îd-fh^right'pitthft^ Itt p^^brUba Wja^Ma^'f*^, carfnlly trained," BO their future upefulnefs might ro'.iod upon. Ile lind no faith in Sdubtth'scboplp, I looked upon them aa necessary evils, ' and 1 impressed upon them never to let tl Subbalh-schoo] supplant tho homo training. Let the: atti n i principally to that cultivation round the dornest table, and tho fireside of homo (Applause continued "With regard to the tyranny suspected to arise from strong ministry, and tho absence of tho laity, ho cou! only say tho" fault rested with the laity them'solvC They ha'd tho power, and ho hoped they would on n occasions exerciso it. As regarded tho differences . opinions'entertained by others, he should never thin of insulting ony. .ono, He did ¡not.freak- of 3fn testant, Wesleyan, and so forth, but ho wished to tal of tho truth na it is in Jesus, ne, however, nov« forgot what ho was himself, and the many hard sluj glos that had to be encountered before tho principles ii enjoyed could be tolerated, and while he was liberal an charitable to all, of whatever party, ho should bo ver glad and hnppy in his mind to find them nil free rres byterians. Abovo all he would impress upon parent tie careful training of their children (Applause,) D.IM, .WAUOB, .Esq ,, thoa", addressed, the mcetihe Ho cordially concurred in all the expressions of thank fulness for tho great event ot this day As one of th oldest Presbyterians in connection with this assembly ho lind a deep personal interest in tho movement, aw rejoiced that it had been brought to a conclusion si well ns it lind been to day. Ono feature of tho day': proccdings struck him as an augury of gocx to como. lt was not only that a unior had bboueffected, ona scripturalibasis ; .hut .thore'-'lui. been a largo accession of public interest in tho businesi of the Presbyterian Church. It was a now featuro ii tho history of Presbyterianism in this colony, to havi to moVoírtún one .place to Another« th moko room fox Un peoplo who assemblod. Those who provided for th( accommodation of the peoplo who were expected, hac thought that Phillip-street might not be fitted. Hui whan thoy had. tnkon that large buiTding.--7.th0: Mosonii Hall-it was filled to overflowing by a Targe and atten- tive audience. (Cheers.) This was ono of tho mo6l promising features in tho history of thoii church. And as long ns tho people took! 'such' an ?. interest. 7 in the.. business I ol tho church, by God's blessing it would prosper. Ho know somo lind como hundreds of miles to be present at thc consummation of this union. There was ono state- ment in tho book of tho Acts of the Apostles, which they ought all to consider-that tho church when walking in tho fear of tho Lord and the comfort of tho Holy Ghost, was multiplied. It was only whilo tho church-was thus-walking that-this result followed. '(Cheersi)i t s l'i .;; /o'S-o ?',-.;.:'.>.. .-r"(.;' :ii The Rev. JonN M'Ginnos said all tho brethren had said what he wanted to sajvinrid qTcoplo werbHoakihg at the clock.The mooting lind ' well dono «nd now they had1 batter sh ut up. He was rejoiced nt tho event ot to- dayrrrHff.bailabourcd focitlongiu r-Ho- trusted the church qow formed .would bc, a.power for,pood in tho. land. 'Thöro Wero Intellectual, rindínornlí ana- financial resources in tho churoli. ¡ ; Their Jays, frionds had been saying, if tho ministers-would only let it alono, wo woUld."\inite.:'/ Now they woro:go¡ng to put tho; laity to tho test. , Ho challenged/: tho 'laymen- to¡ como forward to.lheir.duty.1 He, was ;;to vspeak, pf missions, ,'4'ho ICing;of-Kings 1 had commanded, his church., saying, Gc ye, into, nil < tho world,) and . preach, tho Gospel tc ovcryeceaturo/,'. ;Thiswaç;tho.duty of tho church not of tho minister only,: but of . minister, and pcop)o in unison. In thoir divided statej they could do little iu tho way of missions. Whonovor n man .became dissatisfied, or mored from placo to place, tho hud pf.proiniso;was nipped "n.the,bud., Then,- in-tho support oftho.Now Hooridesmission, they should act;unitedly asa,church Ho hoped they would soon have their bwn-missipuarics labouring in tho Now lIobridcs,( and coming hero tp tell of thoir trials and their triumphs. There was no living church that was not also. a ni¡SB¡onary: church.. In con- clusion, ho trusted tho union now consummated .would bo in no way imperilled 'hy , aremembrance, of circumstnncos that .aro past.^,Henceforth Jct thom forgot tho things behind, and rbacli forth to' tho ninrjf. of the prise of God's high calling, (Cheers.) ". Tho Rev, Joim Kmnoss said K/csbytcrinnism.wns not nt nil limited to Scotland, nnd .-tho colonios of! Scotchmen. In Franco, thora, wore 700Presbyterian . congregations. -,Tho Protestants pf Switzerland were Presbyterian.' Tn Holland, aro','1500- Presbyterian minister.-:, , Tho bullt of pio 'P.re^stnnt'inhnbitants off Germany;'. .jitH \'Presbyterians.' The'. ' -Hungarian) Protestants 1 orb ' Presbyterians.1' '^Presbyterianism is tho most enrjy'nud tho most diffusen.' form of Protes- tantism. The (Protestants of, Europe, lind, suffered lond persecutions.. ,\ ^hb,". sufferings ^pf",our , fa then oughtj novortd- bb forgotten. ' We ought'to''toll thom te pur] children Continental '--Protestants "-hhd rondered RrentJ services to tho causo: 0C1 truth._,;Tho( Church of Scotlnndi had boen far surpassed btv the divinos of tho Conti-' ñohfc Knox was S'feoblo" divine eompnrod with Calvin.) .Gqnqya;-.produced 'Calvin, nnd> Rosa/0114 'Tnrretipe.] Tho .ohuroh, in". Holland,, nnd '.-'that in-, France, had produced divinos1 Éoeónd tb' nonbin' Europe. -Thero had . l.beon, ; ne;; t .suoh.'j.. divisions;.\ among ;; tho Presbyterians of tho.- continent,,, ns, among tho PresbyJ lerinns speaking tho'EnglisTi language. Yet ho had fnr.rothor bo identified with?tho divisions, in Scotland than with tho unity bf Gortnhhy. For' the'diviaibu's in. ¡SCOtlnpci aroso irom tue oxorciso oruommouuu., iu mu bosom of .tho'Presbyterian Ohurcll pf Poland'sooiriinnism fliest aroso.. , .'Oaneyft ; had been,' ;lbavoiied - br' tho same erroii And in'Hblland'hhlf tho ministers did not Í¡reach' tho' " ¿óspol." In' ''England Presbyterianism md not flourished . sinco^. tho .great,. pott]emcnt.' Tho Dost "' 'church' '' " government' "" 'would not) appurpj- 6pu,nd,.., doctrino,', or _ guard against spiritual dontb. Thby needed to; ' bo baptised nfresh'with'tlio Holy Spirit. " üniöh'of it8olf,cpuld hot sccuro orthodoxy or holy living. Ho saw rriahy'dnnJ gcrB a head. -They wore in greatdangor of- dcportinrJ 'from- many; of .tho esaentinl dootrinea ot/ Christianity! Thoy ought'to' bo' malting, full,'prenaratiqtv'lo rdsislj error~lo, give themselves'luiro'servédly ,t;ó,.God, in'tliq sbrvicb of His'Soh. (Ch'oors,)"1' "" 4 1 'J Í,'.',.".!,".,.,. j Tho OiiAinMAN nnnouncod that tho General' AesomJ bly wonld-ineot in riiillip-strcet Church on-Monday1 ovoning, nt six o'oloelt; j ? y > v¡, Tho proceedings wbro cónclúdbd with tho doxology and tho benediction. ' . 