OUR LONDON LETTER. [The following interesting extracts are from the letter of our London correspondent. The whole letter is too lengthy for the Express, hut it will he republished in the Chronicle of Saturday next.] In these days of high priced meat, the question of the value of South American dried beef, or charqui, has suddenly come into notice, and has been much discussed by correspondents of the Times during the past month, under the tempting heading "Beef at threepence ner pound." The countries bordering on the River Plate have long been known to contain countless herds of cattle, and have been for a long period the main source of supply of the ox and cow hides imported into Europe. Attempts _ have fre quently been made to introduce the beef into Eng land, but entirely without success, until within the last 15 months, when, through the labours and enter prise of a commission of English and South Ame rican merchants (whose names are given in a pam phlet published by Hedderwick & Son, Glasgow), two or three cargoes of dried beef were imported, and so much approved at the time that the quantities re ceived fell short of the demand by hundreds of tons. That demand, which at one time languished, has again revived. The supply is at present unequal to the wants of our working population. There is now in Cheapside a South American beef merchant, who states that the manufacturing population of the West Riding of Yorkshire realised at once the fact that the beef was an economical article, hastened to give it a trial, and, finding it both palatable and nutritious, took it into daily consumption. The chief obstacles to its wider use among our laborers and operatives are, first, ignorance of its existence, and, secondly, inattention ■to the proper mode of cooking it. These no doubt, will be soon overcome; and there seems every reason to believe that in the course of a year or two every working man will be able to obtain meat of the must nutritious description, and to give it to his family, at least once a week. As to the quality of the article, Henry Letheby, Esq., Professor of Chemistry in the College of London, testifies that the samples he examined were in excellent condition and well preserved, rather lean, but very tender and of good flavor, and that both the brine and meat were found to be quite free from deleterious or objectionable matter. Mr. Bridges Adams also says that one pound of Chili charqui, is equal in nutriment to three or four pounds of fresh meat from which the water has notbeenexpressed. The same writer adds—Australia is an analagous climate to Chili, and, no doubt, first rate charqui could be produced there, and probably this would be the most profitable mode of making it an article of merchandise by lessening the freight. But Australia can also produce a first-rate article of beef hermetically sealed in metal cases. Some years since, I was talking with Alderman Einnis on the subject of emigrant transit, and he said he fed those emigrants on fresh preserved meat in cases, which was prepared in Australia, and he realised it in London at 4d. per lb. To satisfy me of its ex cellence he sent me a case containing 81bs., which was of such good quality that I partook of it several days in succession, preferring it to fresh butcher's meat. There are, no doubt, many countries in the world producing cattle in abundance, and by various under stood processes their flesh might be preserved and sent to countries deficient in cattle. There seems now hardly any doubt that jerked beef will become an im portant article of consumption in this country. Perhaps South Australia may be able to put in a claim to Bupply it. In a recent letter to the Times (Jan. 24) the Bombay correspondent, in describing the wealth which the cotton trade lias lately brought into that city, speaks of the very inadequate supplies of wheat, and the consequent high prices. Bombay cannot get enough of corn to feed its prosperous citizens. Per haps the subject may be worthy of the attention of wheat producers in South Australia, if they have not in Hew Zealand and elsewhere ample markets for their surplus produce. I see that the Commissioner of Crown Lands for ! South Australia has addressed a letter to Mr. Walters, their emigration agent in London, complaining that a proper Bupply of agricultural laborers is not sent out in the emigrant ships to Adelaide, and requiring that the proportion of free to nominated emigrants shall in fature be not less than one-fifth of the whole. The truth is, I believe, that the tendency to emigra tion, owing to the extensive exodu3 of the last year or two, has greatly abated. Labor is becoming scarce in the agricultural districts ; wages are some what rising in consequence; and the farmers, especially in the Southern counties, are using all their influence to prevent their men, ploughmen, and others, from emigrating. Ignorant boors are naturally averse from moving off their own soil, and are easily persuaded by those above them. , Then labourers require to spend at least £5 in the deposit money and travelling expenses before they reach the port of embarkation. This is a large sum for an agricultural labourer to accumulate. The cream of our emigrating population has now been skimmed by the claims of the United States, Canada, South Aus tralia, Queensland, and Victoria combined, and what remains is not so acceptable. Emigration agents have therefore increasing difficulties in their work. There is a restricted range of choice, and all the machinery employed to tempt people to emigrate to Australia, such as large placards and private influence, is found to fail increasingly. I think, therefore, your Government cannot expect so satisfactory a result of the efforts put forth for obtaining a supply of agricultural labourers for South Australia as has heretofore been the case. The Christmas pantomimes, burlesques, and extra vaganzas are still running their course at the various theatres, and were never better attended. They have even taken possession of the two opera houses. At Covent Garden there is "Cinderella;" at Her Majesty's, " The Lion and the Unicorn;" Drury Lane has " Hop o' My Thumb;" the Haymarket, " Princess Springtimethe Princess's, " The Magic Horse and the Ice Maiden Princessand so on, Upon some of the scenes at these theatres all the resources which inventive geniuB and art and science can command have been lavished. Messrs. Grieve and Telbin have matched with their scenic effects the pantomimes written by the facile pens of Mr. Henry Byron and Mr. E. L. Blanchard. Last year the ghost illusion was the great card. How one legged dancers and clowns seem to be the rage— "With one-legged dancers one would draw the town; The other tries, too, with a one-legged clown." Donato, who performs his prodigies of agility at Covent Garden, and has danced himself iDto a state of illness, has been for the past month a greater lion than Sothern, who is once more impersonating " Garrick," Eechter, who is performing in "Ruy Bias," or Miss Bateman, who is making her last appearances in "Leah." If Her Majesty's has no one-legged phenomenon, it can boaBt of the " Eidos Acides," by which actors and actresses without moving from the stage are ren dered visible and invisible almost in the same moment. One account says of this remarkable scenic novelty:— <f Watched by the eye alone, the effect is of the most startling character. Upon the self-same spot where one character has been plainly visible but the twink ling of an eye previously, another in a t otally different attitude is revealed. This in turn disappears, and the origiual figure returns with the addition of one J or two others: Then these all die out together, perhaps to reappear in different order. As an illusion it is certainly the most clever and successful of the *yV/0r.i£ the fiSures be not actually those ot life m every case, they are revealed with as much ^sharpness and fidelity of coloring as if the originals were presented to the view." ley's bas. Christmas pantomime this year, which, with all its absurdities, is infinitely better than the demoralising spectacle of Miss Menken as Mazeppa, suspended for the present, though I fear— as it draws immense audiences—not relinquished. Notwithstanding the attractions of pantomime and burlesque, of gorgeous scenery, smart dialogue, pro fuse jests, and more abundant puns, which the theatres provide at this season, other places of amuse ment have enjoyed a full share of patronage. Pro fessor Anderson has concluded a most successful season with his magical phenomena at St. James's Hall, and has been engaged at the Crystal Palace • but the Davenport Brothers, who are said to be k-not imposters, and whom the Professor has so often challenged in vain, have packed up their cabinet— which no longer draws the credulous—and gone into the provinces. Whether they are subsequently going to Australia does not appear. An attraction of a different kind still keeps the I mrferopi8 m ex<;itement. I refer to Mr. Spurgeon , whose Metropolitan Tabernacle will hold a larger audience than the largest theatre, and is every Sunday crowded to the doors. It will hold 5,500 people seated, and 6,500 when crammed. Mr. Spurgeon's Church now comprises nearly 3,000 member?. Of these 47 have become Christian ministers, 7 citv T' afu 3,B^le/°men; be has 10 deacons and 23 elders, the duty of the latter being to attend to spiritual affairs exclusively. Connected with the Church is a Pastor's College, in which some 83 students are ak present being educated, and which is supported by the contributions of -his friends and followers. Something like £20 a week is subscribed for this object by the weekly offering system. Each of Mr. Spurgeon's Sunday sermons!? taken down m shorthand and printed, and every Thursday some 20,000 are circulated over the length SSt?? beside9 issues occasional tracts, and his sermon on Baptismal Regeneration has had a sale of 200,000 copies. With the present year Mr. Spurgeon has commenced a new monthly maga zine called "The Sword and the Trowel" intSed tL^hfX of th°se churches and assoeia fWT I areT m?ro,or less mtimately connected with' the lord s work at the Metropolitan Tabernacle and to advocate those views of doctrine and of church or er which are most certainly received amonst us." The week before last there were a series of special Ed r 88 '? '^.M^opoUtan Tabern.ele,PcoS ducted by several ministers connected with the oW Ztr8'°%3?e "¥*?on densely crowded, and the effect produced is said to have been very great. It was something like the revival oMW f6 Mme y6arS ag0, Au account of one of these great gatherings says: « Several addresses were delivered, marked by unusual appropriateness and power; but these were felt to be feeble and ineffective compared with the strong crying and tears that may be said to have been the character of the prayers of one and all the ministers and' brethren who presented the confessions and entreaties of the multitude to the throne of grace. Without rant or even passion, the words of the speakers se!med to possess an electric power, moving and melting thn heart, of hundred,,*»„ that the? o?ed out hi the Afc !ne n°i.;Seif °r 8°bbed with emotion. P ? •' foll°w,mg a most circumstantial and fhpn !f rt f0na thf ?ins> first of ministers and I tbe whole audience seemed to be un. , ho burden of contrition to a degree that was I Jg£ is air8?- r MVS I -there is a fountain filled with blood,' which was song in a- way never to be forgotten by thoaTwho heard it." The whole of the succeeding day Mr Spurgeon was engaged in examining enquirers Bo that, as he said, 'he had not time so much a" to'ort a prnce of bread," and the result has been an addition of some 100 members to his church. Last Sunday week I paid my first visit to the Tabernacle. There was a wonderful assemblage of people, the seatholders being admitted at, a side entrance before the general public In ten minutes every seat was occupied, every aiBle filled; a sea of faces met the eye in the lower gallery and ere long the upper tier was also crowded. "You cannot fail to^preach inspiring sermons with such a Congregation, _ said a minuter lately to Mr. Spurgeon • and indeed it is an inspiring sight, and the impression is heightened by the remarkable beauty and adanta tion of the interior of the building. A large semi circular platform accommodates the choir, and—must I say it? the reporters, above which is a smaller platform of Bimilar shape for the paBtor. As you are wondering whether anything can be heard above the contused hum and incessant coughing of the vnaf assembly, Mr Spurgeon's burly fofm, fuddy fece-as though fresh from country breezes—is seen advancing to the railing, and the first words of his brief openinf prayer seem to fill the chapel. What a voicelreso? nant, but not harsh—so easily bearing down the hum of a vast -congregation, and baffling the energy of demonstrative coughers. The service is alto-ether ; simple and impressive. A hymn follows, sung° with heartiness and effect by the entire congregation! Withsucha volume ofvoice,the quality to which is given by the choir and other proficients, no organ is needed to direct or control. Then Mr. Spurgeon reads and expounds with fluency and quainC a chapter in Proverbs, and offers and impressive prayer more chastened in style and reverential m spirit than in days gone by A few more verses are sung sitting j after which the minister tor the sake of easy reference, moves his table a little on one side of the railing, and gives out his text from Daniel xi. 33— And they that understand among the people shall instruct many." The discourse, of course, had some bearing on the revival praver meetmgs of the preceding week. It dwelt largely and it must be added, superficially upon the various kinds of knowledge, and the importance of those who possessed spiritual truth imparting it to others bv Buch means as were within reach. There was a hard hit at the development theorists; some sarcasm at the expense of Armmianism, which seems to be Mr. Spurgeon's favourite aversion; abundant use of the physical emblems of Scripture, and practical sug gestions of a sensible kind, offered in that peculiarly racy style for which the preacher is famed. Mr. purgeon does not aim high—does not attempt to* spiritualize, nor give fresh and thoughtful views of tbe Gosp0l. But he brings all bis c&amatie; p™ e? fuustrS%omh ?UT?e' aniJ ™d foree °f illustration to bear upon his subject. Cultivated taste may be disappointed, but his Average everv?dav hearers are satisfied and impressed Am? •{ / 2? thbhr8 f —theAma4^Z can lay hold on large masses of the people and persuade them into a better kind of life and[critical may well be alien™ and go ebewhel?!W higher kind of preaching. Bilt no f neisn^ is^ peculiar ^power and freshness of Mr. SmrgeoS pulpit eloquence, can faU to listen. The Si™ began at a quarter to 11, and by half.past 12 the Benediction was pronounced, and the vast rnT -gregation dismissed. n~ -k A young man married a girl rather than be shot by her brother—fancying that a miss is better than a 