BATHURST. (From our own Correspondent.) The town of Bathurst for many years after its establishment consisted merely of a few dozen houses without any pretensions to architectural beauty. The public institutions were confined to a gaol, a barracks, and an hospital, three heirlooms of the olden times that stand at the present day as sad momentoes of the want of architects in the early colonisation of the coun- try, as well as displeasing eyesores to the taste and. refinement gradually but steadily superin- duced upon the growth of the population. Being nothing better than a rural station or at least a place of rendezvous for the pastoral princes who had settled on the Macquarie and Lachlan rivers, and, who at certain seasons of the year, more immediately devoted to Bacchus, met here for social intercourse, it seemed that Bathurst was doomed to a lengthened insignifi- cance did not accident disclose to the farfamed Edward Hammond Hargraves, in May, 1851, the geological fact that Summerhill Creek con- tained auriferous deposits. From that moment the Blue Mountains ceased to be barriers. Nature seemed to have planted them there only to show how petty such impediments are when the Auri Sacra fames is the impelling notice to exertion. The great wave of population wafted hitherward energy genius and preservance and a speedy and complete revolution was the con sequence. The fares of the coaches were doubled — flour and other necessaries or life rose to famine prices, and it is on record that a traveller from Bathurst to Sydney counted in one day no less than eighteen hundred persons wending their way towards Bathurst. One month after the discovery of gold at Summerhill Creek the Turon was also found to be auriferous, then came the monster nugget found by a blackfellow belonging to the late Dr. Kerr, of Peel, weighing one hundred and six pounds, which so fired the imaginations of even the most phlegmatic that every one endeavoured to outrun his neighbour in the race to the gold-fields. What wonder then that in October, four months after the discovery of gold, over twelve thousand licenses had been found to be issued on fields in the vicinity of Bathurst— no wonder that the for- tunate possessors of property in and around our good town made rapid fortunes or that the town itself began to expand and develop into propor- tions never dreamed of or prognosticated by the original or early hands of the settlement. To the discovery of gold then, in the district, may be ascribed the first great impulse given to the progress of Bathurst and indeed the rapid de- velopement of the country at large, and the settlement of some of the vexed questions of the day, such as the state of the labour market and the anti-transportation agitation which at this particular crisis had its delegates in Melbourne were attributable to the same golden cause. Whilst it hastened the local growth of Bathurst the same cause attracted to the country free and independent settlers and then were soon heard throughout the length and breadth of the land the unmistakable sounds of freeborn speeches demanding free institutions and the enthrone- ment of constitutional liberty on the ruins of stockades and triangles of the early days of the colony. History informs us that the city of Rome owed its origin to humble shepherds and that its first accession of strength was traceable to the asylum which Romulus built at the foot of one of the seven classic hills. To compare small things with great, it requires no great stretch of the imagination to see in the first rude huts on the Tiber, the prototypes of those which gave shelter to the assigned "Govern- ment men" or ticket-of-leave holders on the banks of the Macquarie before the gold discovery of 1851 gave birth to a new and brighter era in the civil- ization of the colony. Two months had scarcely elapsed from the date of the official announce- ment by Commissioner Green of the discovery of gold at Summerhill, and the official corrobora- tion of the fact by the Government geologist, Mr. Strutchbury, when shipments of the preci- ous metal to the value of nearly seventeen thou- sand pounds had taken place from Sydney, and the Ophir. The Turon, Louisa Creek, the Meroo, Araluen, and Tuena were established goldfields with populations varying from five to nine thousand diggers. Bathurst being in the centre, and the length of the radius to the most remote of the western fields being no more than 30 miles came in for the lion's share of the golden harvest. It is on record amongst the veterans of those glorious days that it was the custom then, as it is the exception now, to hand over the nuggets or yellow dust-bags to the guardianship of the first innkeeper the jolly digger met, with the intimation that when that was all "scored off" and the insane spree over there was plenty more at the Ophir. Like the waters of Pactolus the Ophir Creek or Turon River rolled their lazy waves over literally golden sand, and even to the present day for tunes continue to be made at either place, at Ophir by Europeans, and at the Turon by the Chinese to whom a monopoly of that field has fallen of late years. But to return to Bathurst its inhabitants were not slow to appreciate the glorious opportunities suddenly thrown in their way and commenced the foundations of those local fortunes which were as rapid as they were ample and the histories of some of which would read more like the chapter of an "Arabian Nights Entertainment" than the sober actual facts of life. Luxuries hitherto undreamt of, now begun to be understood and longed for, and a theatre was began and completed in Durham-street and the influx of the gold scarcely kept pace with the outlandish cravings for more opportunities of pandering to unrefined tastes. So another theatre was erected. The one in Durham-street has been shut up now for three years, and the other is periodically opened at our annual races as if to appeal to strangers against the patronage which modern Bathurst so ungraciously extends to it. Like the ghost of Banquo it seems to shake its gory locks at Bathurst and threaten it for its misdeeds, but as I feel myself getting prosy I will make a theatrical exit for the present and let the cur- tain drop. 