COUNTRY MARKETS. Geelong. — The imports of tho past week include the fiour cargo of the Kreebridge from Adelaide, ISOObags maize shipped in tho Urania, potatoes and oats ex Julia from Port of Leith, 410 tons coal ex Chance from New castlo ; transhipments, Hobson's Bay, from the Ocean Empress, via, the vjueen of the North, and the Oceauica from Jjjvorpool ; tbo Star of Peace, Fred Warren, White Rose, and Moravian, from London ; and the Brwe from. Glasgow ; together with some parcels of tended goods coastwise, the whole being of the de clared value of £9511. Tho exports have been limited to missions ooastwise bud ships' stores, valued at £201. The customs revenue for tho week has amounted to £1416 93 Gd, and a farther, sum of £12 waB paid for pilotage. Grain for feeding purposes has advance! considerably during the week, oats being worth 4s 9d to 5s, and maize fetching 4s 6d ; bran and pollard con tinue torealiso full ratos, and flour seems steady at £21 15s to £22 10s por ton. Busincsj has been scarcoly up to tho averago in extent, but it is being done on sound principles ; and if thero bo few of tho profits of speculative transactions, thero nre also but few ot tho losses. — Advertiser, July 24. Ballaarat. — Business during tho past week has shown little change; the number nnd nmount of orders wero up to tho usual nverago, and scarcely any changa is to bo noticed in local prices, except such ns aro caused by the bad state of tho roads. Tho flour mar ket preserves the firmnos3 noticeable of late, nor do th® foreign supplies arriving at Melbourno appear in any degree to affect quotations, particularly in tho up country districts. There is no further upward move ment to record, and the uncortainty caused by tha present state of tho market appears to limit tho extent, of many orders. The market inspector reports that the markot has been moderately supplied with hay, whilst oats havo been in demand, and an advance was established. Ho gives tho following returns : — Hay r Supply and demand about equal, with no chance in price, namely, £5 to £6 per ton. Total quantity weighed, 119 tons. Straw: Supply fully equal to de mand, at £1 10s to £2 per ton. Quantity weighed, 68 tons. Oats : Tho quantity sent in was much smaller thau usual, and tho price has since risen 3d per bushel ; quotations now being 4s 6d to 4s 9d. Tha total quantity weighed was equal to 2630 bushels. Wheat : Tho millers offer 10s 3d to 10s Gd per bushel Barley: Several loads of English wero sold at 5s 3d! per bushel. Potatoes have again advanced, and £8 10s to £9 10s per ton are tho ruling quotations. Tho latter figure is obtained for prime samples only Carrots, £3 10s to £4 per ton ; mangolds, £2 10s per ton. — Star, July 24. Sandhurst. — Tho amount of business dono thiat week has been somewhat in excess of last week ; but: there is still room for improvement. The flour market has shown signs of activity, but without any change in prices. A largo quantity of Chilian flour has been brought into the markot during the past week, but lias not influenced prices. The quality of the Chilian flour recently imported has been much suporior to that of previous arrivals. Thoro is no change to note in tho prices of hams nnd bacon ; for both articles there is a. good demand. Good cheese has also been in demand. In sugars a good business hns boen done. White crys tals retain their high pricos. There has been mora demand for Chinese rico (dusty Patna). Mr Mooro Hill reports for tho week ending Saturday, 22nd July : — Hay : A moderato quantity camo to hand, and was disposed of at an advance on last quotations ; good quality bringing £6 per ton. Straw : Thero is littlo; alteration in the value of this article, from £2 10s to £3 being tho closing price. Oats continue in de mand, and good feed are worth 4s 9d per bushel, but it is said that ovor 5s was got for a parcol. Wheat ; None coming to hand. Potatoes aro much asked forr and first-olass samples are worth from £9 10s to £10. — Bendigo Advertiser, July 24. Dkniliquin. — With an improvement in the weather,, the stock market is exhibiting increased activity. There is now no danger of short feed for at least samo timo to come, as from all quarters wo hear of tha benefit that thc rain has been to the grass, though still more iB required to fill the dams and natural reser voirs in the back country. On the Lower Murray several fiocks have left the frontages, and if we have a few more heavy showers there will be n general migra tion from the rivers. This will assist travelling stock, and givo them a chanco of getting pickings by tho way. Local dealers are on the look out for fat cattle, but mobs are rarely to be found, and even then the prices asked barely leave a margin for profit. Mr Moore's, Lachlan cattle, fat, 250, crossed on Tuesday ; 310 fat, Mr Peters', Walgeirs, will cross to-morrow ; and 800, Mr Hunt's store and fat, crossed to- day. Somo fab cattle from tho Bogan River aro going by Maudo and Swan-liill. Store cattlo are inquired for, and if sound, and of the character adapted to this district, command good prices. Some of tho store that havo recently arrived hero have been, badly afflicted with pleuro, which must operate ngainst a satisfactory prico being obtained. Mr W. Kennedy's storo, 900, sold by Sir Carne, passed oa Monday for Nap Nap. Messrs Rowon aud Jones's' mob of 500 have arrived. We hear of the following on. the road : — 1200 Mr Hull's ; 2200 from New England, sold to Mr John Caple, and 900 mixed, Mr Sullivan's, which wero expected to bo soldatWagga Wagga. A. sale of 139 head to Messrs Windeyer, of Wnntabad gerie, at 50s cash, is reported. Fat sheep aro going down iu large numbers, 16,000 having crossed during the week. Messrs. Wilson Bros., 4000 sold to Messrs Pasley and Campbell, crossed on Wednesday ; and since thon, we have had two fiocks, 3000 and 6000, Mc Forlonge's, and 3000 Mr Baillie's. Store sheep are in demand, and will, it iB thought, continue so for somo time. So much now country having been improved, and rendered fit to receive sheep, tho call for sound and good framed wethers and ewes is great, and flocks of this description meet with ready sale. 35,00(1 wethers, Mr Alleyne's, in the hands of Mr Carne, are daily expected at Hay, and of these 30,000 nre nlroady under offer. 40,000 sheep have lately been received on Mr Rankin's Lachlan run, from the Bogan. Mc F. A. Tompson has sold 1305 storo wethers, at 10s, and placed 2100 under offer ; 2000 maidon ewes liavo ulso been sold at 16s 6d. — Pastoral Times, July 22. Singular and Fatal Accident. — About half-past, two p.m., yesterday, a fatal accident happened to at carpenter named Thomas Story, whilo working at Leggatt's Hotel, near the Now Racecourse. Fronr what we could learn tho deceased, at tho time of tha casualty, was finishing tho door of the cellar, when either from dizziness or somo unknown cause, ha suddenly full headforemost to tho bottom. Mr Leg gatt, and ono or two others who noticed his disap pearance, ran up and found that he was lying at tha bottom of the cellar senseless. Dr. Kennedy was immediately for, and promptly arrived ; but beforo this the unfortunate man was lifeless. On examina tion it was evident that his neck had- boen broken, though he had not fallen a distance of more than seven feet. Tho deceased, who was about sixty years old, leaves a family of grown up children to mourn his loss. — Daylesford Express, July 22. Death from Neglect. — A shocking case of death, from want has occurred in this town. Dr. Dow, tha district coroner, held an inquest on Saturday at tha; Geelong and Ballaarat Hotel, on tho body of a miner named Robert Allis, who was but 34 years old when ho died. It appeared from the ovidenco brought forward that tho deceased had been lying in a tent for some time past in a sickly condition, being with out means to obtain either medical relief or tha common necessaries of life. Some neighbors, however, who at length ascertained how matters stood, called in Dr. Do Roo, who visited him on.. Thursday, and found him in a sinking condition. The doctor prescribed for him, but he grow weaker until Friday, when ho died. Dr. M'Ewen made & post mortem, examination of tho body, and the jury returned a verdict that the deceased died from in llammatiou of the stomach and bowels, accelerated by want of medical treatment. That such a casa should have occurred in this community is shocking, but we believe tho fault lies with tho unfortunata deceased himself, since, had he made his casa known before it was too lato to be of any servico ta him, scores of our citizens would havo only been too glad to have succored him in his distressed con dition. — lalliot Leader, 25th July. Convenient Facts to Know. — Windows may ba kept free from ice by painting the glass with al cohol with a brush or sponge. — Odors from boiling, ham, cabbage, &c.;, may bo prevented by throwing; red pepper pods or a few pieces of charcoal into the pot. — Pigeons nro hatched in 18 days ; chickenaj 21 ; turkeys, 26.;. ducks and geese, 30. — A comeafc which is a good protection against weather, wator,. and fire to a certain extont, is mado by mixing a gal lon of water with two gallons of brine, in two anil a half pounds of brown sugar and three pounds of common salt. Put it on with a brush, like paiut. — Common cut nails, or screws, are easily driven into hard wood, if rubbed with a littlo soap, bard or soft. — To remove iron stains, tha iron is first dissolved by a Bolution of oxalic acid in water. The oxalate of iron thus produced, which, unlike iron rust, is soluble, is readily removed by washing or soaking. Ink spots (tannogellate of iron) upon the printed leaves of books are removed in the same way ; but the lamp-black of the printer's ink is not at all affected. If fresh, such spots may ba wholly effaced; if old and dry, a very little remain. — To get rid of bed-bugs, wash tho bedstead with, salt and water, filling tho cracks whtro they fre qnont with salt, and you may look in Tain for them. Salt seems inimical to bed-bugs, and 'ahey will not trail through it. It is proferable lo all 'oint- ments,' and tho bHyer requires no aortificsite as tip. its genuineness. — Exchange Paper. The latest mechanical noveja'Y is tho erection of a very large steam-engine for the manufacture of. teeth wholesale. Rather Severe. — A man, noisd for his calmness and a scolding wife, was ono eight slopped in tha woods of America by a pretended ghost. ' I can'fc stop, my friend,' said ho. '-If you aro a man, E mnst reqnest you to get out ol the way and lot ma pass. If you are the de7il, come along and taks supper, for I married your sister !' 