THE PEE5BYTERIAN CHURCH. TnE concluding meeting of the first General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales was held on Monday evening last in the Presbyterian Church, Pbillip-street. Some business remaining over from the previous meeting having been disposed of, the Moderator delivered the following address, oAni. wiifati f,n Di4iniimiu1 t-Tin A flflpmhltr tn nwtffll the second Wednesday in October, 1866 : — . Fathers and Brethren,— At the close of this, the first general assembly of our united Church, I am persuaded that the feeling which is uppermost in the breasts of all of us is one of gratitude to God for the harmony which has marked our proceedings, and for the pledge thus furnished of harmonious future action. With the full freedom of discussion characteristic of Presbyterian Church Courts, end with a variety of questions before us sufficient to test our unanimity, there lias been gratifying evidence of the homogeneousness of the hitherto separated elements which have now happily coalesced. We did not miscalculate the amount of natural affinity which former divisions veiled, hut which finds appropriate expression in our present Union On all vital points — on all points essential to common action as a Church — we are proved to be at one ; and even where personal feeling might have been supposed to endanger collision, the healthy prevalence of a common sentiment throughout the body asserts the ascendency. Perfect decorum has been maintained in debate, and there has been an exemplary spirit of mutual forbearance and conciliation. That spirit has only to con tinue, and, by the blessing of God, our Union will become more and more consolidated and perfected. The worst strifes of the Church have been strifes within. Contro versy, indeed, is sometimes needful. It must not be shrunk from when truth and duty call for it. Peace, founded otherwise than on truth and righteousness, is hollow and deceitful, and unworthy of the name. The King of Zion is ' first king of righteousness, and after that king of peace.' But controversy in the Church is often the mere offspring of human passion ; and, even where it is other wise, human passion too often enters into it, and corrupts it. In either case it is only evil, and that continually. By meanB of it the Church preys upon itself. The strength of the Church becomes wasted in internal warfare, instead of being put forth against the common foe; and, in the encounter of contending parties, piety languishes and love expires. What a blessing, on the other hand, is the bles sing of peace ! — not the peace of unworthy compromise or unrighteous connivance, but the peace which shows itself in fellow-Christians 'speaking the truth in leve, ' exer cising mutual candour and concession, and exemplifying the apostolic canon, 'Whereto we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing ; and, if anything, we be differently minded, God will reveal even this unto ' us. ' Neither is the peace to be desired— the peace of indifference and in action — which, like the calm of the stagnant pool, bespeaks putrescence and death, and proves that the Spirit of Ged is not moving on the face of the waters. The grand security fsr a sound and healthy peace in a Church is the earnest action of its members in the Church's proper work. Why is it that a church almost always enjoys internal peace in times of per secution, but because it has common work to do which leaves no room for strife, which necessitates co-operation, and which requires the solace of mutual sympathy and love r And, in tranquil times, there is still common work for a Church, but in an opposite direction. Its business then is not so much that of mere defence as of aggression. ? ' There remaineth yet much land to be possessed,' and it must ' go up ind possess it.' Let it only awake to its obli ? gations, and: be up and doing in its Lord's service, and for the salvation of the perishing, and community of feeling will spring out of community of action, in the midst of which controversy vrfll be hushed, and the only provoking of one another left be a ' provoking to love and 4» good works.' The grand reconciler of alienations in feeling, and even of conflicting opinions, is reawakened earnestness in praotical ? Christian action. ' If any man will do his will,' says the ' Saviour, 'he shall know of the doctrine whether it be of God ;' and the same principle is ' equally applicable to a Christian Church collectively. DuTaroQces of opinion in a Church will rapidly ' disappear, or be reduced to their proper insignificance, and love and karmonj- «m spring up, when once its members set themselves with srnglonees of eye, simplicity of motive, and true earnestness of soul, to do the practical work to which the Lord calls them. There will not then be a wrangling about lesser points ; still less will some be found keeping aloof from their brethren in gloomy suspicion mingled with a sort of sullen self-complacency, let the members of the Church anly awake from their slumbers and gird themselves in God's strength for their Lord's service, and there will soon be the peace which springs from a living and active Christianity— a Christianity quickened in its energies, and made perfect in love. In such a state of things a Church realises her unity, recovers and concentrates her strength, and goes forth beneath the Divine smile, and with a new consciousness of power, to fulfil her great commission. It is a token for good in our young Church that the questions which have chiefly engaged us are those relating to our future work. Measures have been resolved on tending to develop the resources of our several congregrations ; to combine local effort with mutual help ; and to enlist the energies of the whole Church for doing its part side by side with other religious bodies in providing Christian ministrations for those of the same race and language with ourselves through out our vast interior, and also in stretching out a helping hand to the heathen, whether within our own territory er beyond it. We must not indeed forget the warning, 'Let not him that girdeth on his harness boast as he that putteth it off.' This is cer tainly no time for boasting with us. It is one thing to put plans on paper and another thing to carry them out. The latter can only be secured by the spirit of life from on high entering into us and actuating us. I do not know any more deeply depressing spectacle to a thoughtful and devout mind than that of a dead Church. There may be a correct creed— its members, as is often the case, valuing themselves on their orthodoxy, and distrusting the orthodoxy of all others. There may be a punctilious adherence to stereo typed rites and forms, and a horror of the Christian liberty which ventures on even the most inconsiderable departures from them. But what signifies all this in a Church if there is no stir of life in it— if its members are not living in prac tical communion with the living Saviour, and deriving con stant impulse from TTmi — having '* that mind in them which was also in Christ Jesus,' and ' walking a- fie also walked,' sympathising with His gracious designs, and hiv ing themselves out, as bent on God's glory, to reclaim the wandering, to raise the fallen, to comfort the afflicted, to save the lost, and to bring back a revolted world to the knowledge, favour, and service of its Maker ? What we want is a Church, with its members, . living in Christ and for Christ— impressed with their privileges and alive to their obligations — sincere, earnest, active, and faithful— their spirit and conduct in harmony with the truth they profess to hold, the precepts they pro fess to bow to, the example they profess to copy ;— * Church with an organisation indeed suited to the great ends for . which a Christian Church exists, but also with willing hearts and diligent hands for carrying it out ;— a Church providing scope for the energies and special aptitudeB of its several members, and also life to evoke these;— a Church ' with a post for every man, and every man at his post, all ' striving together for the feith of the Gospel,' and having fellowship With one another through common fellowship with Christ, ' from whom the whole body, filly framed together, and compacted by that which every joint sup pueth, according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body to the edifying of itself in love.' This is the true ideal of a Christian Church, and it was meant to be realised, and is capable of being realised, Let only breath enter into us, as in the prophet's vision of the valley of dry bones— let there only be the warmth of a true and earnest Christianity beating in every heart, and pressing for action in the life— and then shall eur various sohemes become a reality and a living and life-giving power. The two things go together, and sustain each other. In ternal life finds scope for itself in growth outwards, and outward growth acts back again in the strengthening of life within. With every really living and -thriving Church it will more or less hold good, as with the Church in primitive times, that 'the Lord adds to it daily such as shall be saved.' The young, nursed in its bosom, feel its glow, and their tender susceptibilities, under the fostering grace of the Spirit of God, ripen into early piety. The careless, who hitherto have been only formally associated . with it, are impressed ; they cannot remain looked in slumber when all are astir around them ; it is as if voioes were continually startling them with the call— 'What meanest thou, O deeper ! Arise, and call upon thy God?' Even those who seemed . to have been hopelessly hardened by a long course of world liness or vice at length yield. They have withstood many, an argument and appeal, but they cannot restit the power of true Christian love, or parry the foroe of the 'living epistle.' An atmosphere is created which hypoorisy and religions formalism find so uncongenial that they must either withdraw or become transformed, the dead being quickened and bringing forth tlie fruits of righteousness. A living Church, too, attracts to itself those who are with out. There is no msgnol like that of the Cross exhibited in Cbiislions become crucified with Christ, and yet alive through Christ living in them. In addition to all, there is the t fleet of directChristiiiB effort put forth in a spirit of failh and holy zeal and love, and accompanied by the omni potence of believing and earnest prayer. Labours of love are engaged in ; Christian agencies set on foot are wrought in a Christian spirit ; liberal things ore devised in connection with missionary enterprise ; and the result of all is that the. Gospel is diffused both at home and abroad, and proves lleelf, as of old, 'the power of God unto salvation.' In this wny does the Christianity of a truly living Church indefinitely reproduce and extend ilself ;— and it is just when all Churches shall become thus living and active — each a centre of light and Chrislian influence amid the world's darkness and corruption, asd such Churches multiplied over all hinds— that an instrumentality will be brought into play moro than sufficient, by God's grace, to cope with the manifold powers ef evil, and that kingdom be established over all the earth which is ' righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost.' O, that the Lord may hasten it in his lime ! Meanwhile, let us neck in our own sphere to be true to our 'high calling' — let us labour, and prey that we ourselves and the people throughout all our congregations may grow and abound in faith and holi ness, in love and zeal, and in all Christian deroted'ness— tbat God, being merciful to us and blessing us, and causing bis face to shine upon ub, we may help on the work of the Lord around up, and throughout the land in which we dwell, and do our part, however humble, towards llio glori ous coDFumrualioD of His 'way being known in the earth, His saving health among all nations.' A soibee was held in the Masonic Hall, in York street, on Tuesday evening, to celebrate the Union of the Presbyterian Churches of New South Wales, recently brought about by the constitution of a General Assembly. There was a large attendance of ladies and gentlemen, the body of the hall being filled on the occasion. After tea a chairman was appointed, and addresses were delivered by various ministers and members of the laity; the object of these speeches being to sustain the recommendation of the General Assembly to raise a special fund for the passage and outfit from Europe of ten additional ministers. The Hon. S. D. Gordon, M.L.C., was placed in. the chair, end was supported en the platform by a number of Clergymen and lay gentlemen. An excellent choir £angi»iece8 of sacred music from time to time dining the evening. 