THE ; SEAL OF OOKFESSTfiK.. (Times, Mav 13 ) lhe sensitive conscience of ti, -»r Westmeath, which was relieved f IarHis 0f the' Lord Chancellor, U nS Jf h has been somewhat disturbed bra ne parition of the Seal of eonf .p- spns probably were aware tlmt i Per. inodifietl form, the practice of 'co0&' commended uy a certain scliool '/ T But it is so notoriously contrarv in i,erlynieP. feeling, it had been hit so hard WL %lisli ventured to show itself, and it was everit W ciicib equal vigor wlienever it rennnl Umt(> it was „o douht generally rappo.eJW 'V in an enteebled shape in the twilih MSnly parates the broad day of English v/ t .Se- from the gloom of Romanism It antisH whose pale shade still hovered on t'JaS cgll0st the Church, and occasional K"1"" dreamers to follow its dangerous'beck, but i? thought to have been effectually exorciJd f 85 hecearhghtofday. I„ bei.ef was, o course, the asioaishmi fa public when this almost forgotten ghost Jn ? appeared in the person of the Rev A T) 4 y ner, and bearded the solemn maiestvofi the full light of aa opeu court » does appear, we must allow, in a mostsuh,Lr and unmistakeable form. Mr WwbT'S events, is determined that there I 1 doubt about it. He does not „ wa dilhculty arises, but proclaim, liis assumption ii a written protest, which he hands in as a J limuutry to any proceedings. As if, morM " to prereut any chance of niUconceptioa, £ writes to us ot his having received a "sap» mental contession." Here is evidently the m S dreaded apparition in its most distinct obnoxious form ; aud it is no wonder if 0tU persons besides the Marquis of Westmeath and Air Whulley have been asking whether confes sion can thus assert its ghostly rights against thi authority of the law, and whether it cannot again be exorcised aud compelled to retreat 'o its shadowy domains. 1 As to the first of these questions, it did not need the explicit opinion which was last night elicted from the Lord Chancellor to assure anv one who had the least acquaintance with English law that the pretensions put forward were en tirely untenable. That there should be any lair or custom iu England, by which the Church or Churchmen should be enabled to claim rights antagonistic to those of the whole body politic is a supposition inconceivable to any Englishman whose judgment is not warped bv a special theory, it is one of the happy results of our constitution, by u hicii ecclesiastical and common laws res' upon equal authority, aud are both subordinated to the same supremacy, that they can never be in antagonism to one another. If Mr Wagner were not resting himself upousome such ecclesiastical authority as we are imagining, his protest as to his " duty to God" was of course worth nothing. It is rarely, indeed, that a man cau'ever 'be justified in setting up his private notions of his duty against the law of the com- jiiunity, but at all events, if lie does so, it is at his just peril, aod the law will necessarily take its own courso iu disregard of him. But if any ' doubt could exist on the subject, it will now be effectually7 removed, and it is, perhaps, as well that.it should have been thus distinctly enunci ated by the highest authority that any supposed i " seal of confession," any privilege of secrecy, I that is, respecting solemn confessiou made toa I clergyman, is a simple delusion. If, as was said | last night in the House of Lords, a clergyman i has recently declared to liis parishouers that he 1 was '"bound by a solemn oaih" not to reveal ! anything thai tliey might confess to liim, he had j either taken an illegal oath, or he made a mere I misrepresentation. i The country, iu short, may rest secure that, 1 whatever may he the occasional peculiarities ot i individual clergymen, the law is quite clear j enough and strong enough to prevent them ever ! rising to the height of a public dauger. The | alarm which a certain class of minds is always I raising at each occasional innovation is as mis- I ehievous as it is unnecessary. It exaggerates such proceedings to au importance which they i would never otherwise possess, for we may be certain that as soon as ever they are developed i into public overt acts, their authors will find the I laws and the opinion of this country a solid wall ' against which they will only knock their heads. ' The same consideration applies to'theixomanizing i proceedings which have so greatly shocked lor Westmeath's religious iniud. 1 he speech ot the f Bishop of London will set at rest the anxieties i of every sensible Churchman. We need not guard ourselves in the same reserve as -jor Granville assumed, and we have no hesitation in saving that such practises as were referred to last- night, which, at least iu their ' features, have unquestionably been tolera e our churches, are improper and offensive in i highest. degree. We wage no public fl.ar tlie-e extravagant and sentimental service sidered merely in themselves. It in ePe.,.- \- persons with this melo-dramat.c turn m religion . chose to build an ecclesiastical eJifice, -ai imitate feebly the obsolete ceremon.esot th -Roman Catholic Church, we should regard their proceedings with complete eqiianiniity- is an outrage on commou sense to- :.pre i , services such as were described last g« contemplated by the EuSllsh Jf-"C|,at «pcrsons an outrage on common morality - 'nj-jjed : should practice them who hare solemnly yP. Is, themselves to use the form of Pu Drescribed in the Book of Commor , Piayg no other. Here again, however the matter, gj safely be left to the law. lhat ari - jjsfy not, indeed, be sufficiently penetra n „ Air Whallev and his representative m the . of Peers ; but when, we come to suc nr»emi. fractious of.it as the public Pe r church, Roman Catholic services m acous . tiiero Will be, » .will be.Se=« bj tbe i>»P .speech, no difficulty in punishing The only clergy raeu by immediate suspen»io . t|)0 difEcuit,-. asmij-iit be imasmed, « ou! facts. The Bishop receives pienty of an y information, but it is rarely tha . _y tjm0ny. come forward aud givoauthovif ryhalley an We recommend the -office to Mi „|a<| to Lord Westmeath. The Bishop, wearej learn, has already taken measures cas0S, tho.trutli in the most notorious o ha(. js and we have no doubt all will enough to necessary. The law is happily e c . j elaborate allow of a ritualsufficiently musical a h on the one hand, and sufficiently btf of other, to please the most wi ega. religious' taste, and we would n : , on0 es t-radicted iu-the leas', nor do we, . h0weyer' treme more than the ot-hcr. \flVOfld which a real barrier "on both .s :j | 'amply sulB neither party 5can go, and it will . cient to prevent mischief. . - \- __|je it res- Knife and' La.icet.TA tbe pectfhliy said— is, so - far, 111 cnres. How, inasmuch as he both kills aui more «h rare iudeed that a doctor cau accessfuffy 8. oue of those delicate opera. io . proof of time; at all events, there is "Ypletely aivo having ever been peiform , prancisC0F 1 pttient's satisfaction . —Fuck ; 