NORTHERN AGRICULTURAL SOCIETY. ANNUAL SHOW. The above Show was held on Thursday, September 28. The morning wai cold and raining, ana a fall of eleet gave the day a more than usually wintry character. After mid day, however, thejweather cleared ; the inn came out and shone brightly upon rich cornfields and pastures; visitors streamed from the iaca, shops, booths, and houses, where they had taken shelter, while fresh groups continued to arrive. Altogether there must have been sixor seven hundred persons present, including a great many ladies, .who imparted grace and animation to the scene. Young Australia was largely represented, and flocks of ruddy and robust children of all ages bore witness to the extreme healthiness of this really beautiful district. There were a number of visitors from Gawler, and Mr. T. Giles,from Riverton, and Mr. Gleeson, both exhibitors, were present. Squatterdom was not very largely represented, as the fact of Messrs. Giles & Anstey bearing off five prizes out of six for sneep sufficiently proved. The show of stock was not on the whole of a superior character, and the grass being late this season, most of the cattle and the brood mares were low in condition, and there fore were seen at a disadvantage. Mr. Kelly's horse Comp troller was universally admired, and, as will be seen by tbe report, gome of tbe colonial-bred horse stock was highly spoken of. The show of horned cattle was poor, although Sir. Bowman exhibited one very fine con. and a few other cows and heifers were commended by tbe Judges. There were not many sheep exhibited, but those tbat were shown were excellent. For rams the preference was given to the French merino. There was a scanty show of swine, and this wai surprising-, considering the creditable display of sucking pigs at the dinner. In vegetables Mr. Gleeson took away the laurels for fine sound- hearted cabbages free from blight. There was a pretty display of flowers. The bonquets were lovely, and artistically arranged. There was a good show of tulips and ranunculuses. Mr. Hunter contributed a nose gay of beautiful wild flowers tbat must have cost some rambling to couecc We now give the report of proceedings :— The Judges were:— For Horse Stock — J. Smith, R. Holland, and P. Kelly. For Horned Cattle— R. Patterson, J. Curnow, and U. E. Bright. For Sheep— H. E. Bright. E. B. Gleeson, and F. Treloar. For Flowers— Messrs. Gallimore. Mitchell, and Dr. Davies. The following is the award of prizes, and Judges' re marks :— Best Draught Stallion ftwoentries)- First prize, £2 2s.6d., Mr. P. Kelly's Comptroller. Very good horse in every respect. Best Draught Stallion, Colonial-bred (nine entries)— First prize, £2 12a. 6d., Mr. Piper's Young Sultan ; second prize, £l 11s. fid., Mr. Carrig's King of Diamonds. Best Blood Stallion imported. None exhibited. Best Colonial-bred Blood Stallion. Only one exhibited. Mr. E. B. Gleeson's Rarey, which received the priz.e £2 2S. Best Draught Entire under 3 years— There were two en tries—but both horses were under two years ; they were awarded special prizes ; and a special prize was awarded to one of Mr. Bleecnmore's. Best Blood Entire under 3 years— None exhibited. Best Draught Brood Mare, imported— None exhibited. Best Draught Brood Mare, colonial-bred (4 entries)— First p.-ize, £2 29., Mr. Cooper's Smart ; second prize, £1 is., Mr. Scoble's Bet. Best Draught Filly under 3 years (2 entries)— Prize, £1 is., Mr. Cooper's Stilly. Special prizes were given to two Fillies of Mr. Bleeoh more's. Best Blood Brood Mare, imported— .None exhibited. Best Blood Brood Mare, colonial-bred (2 entries) ? Prize, £l Is., eiven to Mr. Melville's Gulnare. Beet Blood Filly under 3 years —None exhibited. Best Draught Entire under 2 years (8 entries)— First prize, 10s. 6d., Mr. Macnamara's Prince of Arc vie ; also a special prize as the best two- year-old on the ground. A prize was given to Mr. W. Kelly's Charlie. A special prize was given to Mx. W. Kelly's Ploughooy, and to Mr Colwell's Wallace ; and a prize of £3 was given to Mr. J. Place's Sam, as the best Champion colt. Best Yearling Colt or Filly, the get of Sir. E B. Gleeson's b.h. Rarey, prize, £2 2s. — R. Betteridee's Belew, by Rarey. Best Tearling- Colt or Filly, by Mr. Treloar'a grey horse Briton, prize £2 2s., Trlmmings's grey colt, Sidney. Best Draught Filly, under two years (two entries)— Mr. Macnamara's Polly, and Mr. J. Flace's Mies Loudon, both receiving special prizes. Beat Imported Bull.— None exhibited. Best Colonial-bred Bull (three entries)— Prize £2 2s. — Mr. Macnamara's Ralph. Best Imported Cow.— Only one exhibited by Mr. E. Bow man, reoeiving prize, £2 2s. Best Colonial-bred Cow (five entries).— Prize awarded to Mr. E. Bowman. Very superior cow ; highly commended. Best Heifer, under three years (four entries)— Prize £l 108. Mr. Edward Bon-man, Mr. Sowton exhibiting a very nice htifer. Best Bull, under 18 months— Two entries by Mr. Bowman ; one receiving the prize, 10s. 6d. Best Fat Beast— Two entries by Mr. Sowton, one re ceiving a prize of £l is. Best pair of Imported Rams (three entries)— Prize £2 28. Messrs. Giles and Anstey's French Merino, Mr. E Bow man's Rambouillet were very good. The other pair were Pomeranian. Best five Colonial-bred Rama (four entries)— First prize, £2 2s., Giles & Anitey. The Judges bad great difficulty in deciding between the other lots, tbe quality beinsr so equal but awarded the second prize, £1 is., to Mr. Bowman. All were very nice young rams. Champlan Ram on ground— prize £2 2s. Sirs, Homer Ior a half-bred Lincoln. Another very superior ram, which the Judges highly commended, was exhibited. Best pair of Ewes imported. None exhibited. Best pair of Ewes, Colonial-bred. Two entries by Messrs. Gile* & Anstey, for which they received the first prize. £1 Us., 6d., and the second prize, £l Is. Mrs. Horner exhibited, but not for competition, a £ws and a Ram, both half-bred Lincoln, which the Judges con sidered as very fine sheep indeed. Best Five Ram Lambs— Only one entry. Mrs. Horner receiving prize, £l us. 6d. Prizes were offered for boars and sows, imported and colo nial, bnt only one was exhibited, which received the prize, £1 is., as the best colonial-bred brood sow. Mr. J. Blatch ford was the exhibitor. PODX.THT. Prizes were offered for turkeys, geese, Spanish fowls. Dorking fowls, snd Poland fowls, bnt none were exbibted. Best Pair of Muscovy Ducks— One entry. J. Hunter, who received prize 10s. The Judges remarking the ducks were well worthy of a prize. Beat Pair Duoks -Fonr entries. Prize, Mr. J. Hunter. Best Pair Bantams-One entry. Mr. J. E. Bleechmore, who received prize. MBclti?air Cochin China Fowls-Two entries. Prize* Mr. J. Hodges. HunterPaIr Mtod Bred Fowls-'niree entries. Prize, Mr. J. ,T ... VEGETABLES. exhibited. eari' potatoe'' caalttowers, nor turnips were Carrote. Best Dozen- One entry. Mr. E. B. Gleeson. Too small for table use. Cabbages, best holf- doian (two entries) -Prize, 10s., Mr. bl'i ht J «ouud-hearted, and free from r JfeiMX (°De entt7)-Mr- E- B- Gleeson' **» on^nS?and™tohOe,XhibltedflBparagU3 (TCry «*?»?«»?«« FtOWEKS. Best six Sparaxes (four entries)-Prize, Mr. J. Scutchings. A eood (election, and well assorted. Best Ranunculuses (three entries)-P«ze. Mr J Scutching*. Mr. G. E. Williams exhibited the greatest variety, but fhe flowers were not so fine. Best six Tulips (two entrieB)-Prize, Mr. J. Scutchings. A very fine collection. B Best six Anemones (four entriei) -Prize, Mr. J. Scutch ings. Not very good. Best collection of Gladiolus— Only one entry, and there being but two varieties the Judges could not award a prize. No roses were exhibited. Best collection of Cut Flowers (two entries) -Prize, Mr. J. Scutchings. Best coUeotion of Wild Flowers— Only one entry, Mr J* Hunter, who received the prize, and who had evident!? taken much trouble in making the collection. Best Nosegay !(two entries) -Prize, Mr. A. King. Verr tastefully arranged. No. l shows the greatest variety of flowers. In considering the merit of a nosegay, however, the Judges must take into consideration the grouping of the flowers.' ^ THE DINNER The dinner commenced before 5 pm., and was served in Host Bleechmore's best style in the Court- House. Mr. E B. Gleeson, S.M, in the chair, supported on his right by Mr. H. E. Bright, M.P..and Mr. James Martin. M.P., and on his left by the Secretary, Mr. {Arthur Kins, and Mr Jonathan Filgate. The Chairman proposed 'The Qneen, the {Prince and Princess of Wales, and the rest of the Royal Family.' These toasts ^having been drunk with toe usual amount of enthusiam, he proposed '? The Governor,' and stated that His Excellency would gladly have been present bod circumstances permitted; that he looked back with feelings of gratfiication to his reception in the district on a former occasion, and expressed the warmest interest in the welfare of so important and flourishing a part of the colony. Tbe toast was drunk with musical honors. Tbe Vicb-Chaikmas then proposed 'The Parliament of South Australia.' Mr. Bright, M.P., responded. It gave Mm greas pleasure to meet the people of Auburn on that occasion and to re tarn thanks for the Parliament. It was a treat to hear tham called jolly good fellows, as he had been bo lone accus tomed to hear members of Parliament abused— a natural result of their being unable to please everybody. There were no doubt some things done and said in Parliament which would not bear a rigid examination. He would not trouble them with a long speech on that occasion, as Mr. Martin ~ was present, and would be so much better able to do justice to the toast. He was till lately a stranger to many of them but he would endeavor to do his duty to the best of his ability, and show that he was not unworthy of the trust repoied in him. He should not forget their kindness to him when standing, and be should never forget Stanley— one of tbe most important districts in the colony. It was an agricultural district, and agriculture was the mainstay of the colony. The district would soon, be alto gether agricultural, for the pastoral interest must retire be fore the advance of the plough. Tbe great drawback to the district was the want of good roads. Parliament had put the old North-road on the main lines, and be intended, pro bably within a fortnight to ask for £10,000 tor tbe old North-road. (Cheers.) Hitherto the North had not had its share of public money, but be wonld do bis utmost to get this remedied. He would mention that money had beea voted to the Agricul tural Societies in the country, but they had not yet obtained it. Without doubt the Secretary would like to see it. He thanked them for the way In which they had drank the toast. (Great cheering.) The Chairman apologized for the absence of Mr. Kingston whose Parliamentary duties prevented him from attending. Mr. Maktin spoke, thanking them for the toast of the Parliament. Mr. Bright had shown great prudence in. avoiding saying anything about the Parliament -he thought roads a much less dangerous subject. People knew most tbat wag done and said by the Parliament, but they did not know all ; but tbey Buspectea more than they heard, as he did himself. However, he thought on the whole the Parliament did the beat they could for the country, though naturally some people would he dissatisfied. He was glad the Jurisdiction of the Law Courts was established on a firm basis, and he hoped they should often have such satisfactory evidences of their validity as they had that night (Laughter and cheers.) He thanked them for the tray In which they had drunk the toast of the Parliament. The Secretary then read the prizelisL Mr. P. Kelly, of Gawler, returned his prizes to the Society, and a host of prizetakers followed his example. The Secretary stated that next year there would be a prize for yearling- colts and fillies. Dr. Davies proposed in a few appropriate remarks ' Tbe Mining, Commercial, Agricultural, and Pastoral Interests.' Mr. Smith responded. Mr. Martin, M.P., proposed 'Success to the Northern Agricultural Soolety.' He was pleased to see the manner in which the business of the Society was conducted. The liberality displayed in returning so many prizes for the - benefit of the Association was without precedent in his experience. He thought people in that district were enjoying good times. He must compliment the Secretary for the zeal and ability he displayed in bis position. The Society had beea fortunate In iti Secretaries. (Great cheering.) The Chairman responded on behalf of the Society. It was - nine yean of age. Long might it last, and might he long be President of it, unless a better man oonld be found for the post Notwithstanding prophecies tbe Society had gone ahead, and they were the right men to carry oct its objects. They were in a fine district— one of tbe finest in the colony, and could show rioh cornfields, good mutton, and fat beef. The Committee worked well, and tie Secretary was indefa tigable. He proposed ?? Tne Health of the Secretary, Mr. A. King.' Drunk with musical honors. The Secretary responded, and humorously described the troubles and fatigues he endured In carrying out bis duties. He was glad to think he had pleased them in the past and he would endeavor to do his utmost in future. The Society was now established on a sound basis. The sheepfarmers, he was sorry to say, did not support it as formerly ; but notwithstanding that it progressed. When he became Secretary the Society was in debt, but now it Bhowed a balance. Mr. Jonathan Fugate proposed 'Lady Daly and the T.Brliw ot Snnth Australia ' Mr. Leonard Giles responded In an amusing speech. Mr. McNamasa proposed 'The Judges.' Mr. Patterson responded. Song, Mr. Jonathan Filgate. Vociferous encores brought him out again in ' Widow Machree.' Mr. Mitchell, of Gawler, proposed 'Tbe Successful Competitors.' He was pleased to see fair competition in some of the stook, but there was not enough, considering the extent and importance of tbe district. The settlers should support the Society freely by their money and by competing at] the shows, and so encourage the meritorious officers who bad worked so hard in their interests. He was pleased to see Mr. Kelly, of Gawler. bad come so far, and brought Comptroller such a distance, to show them what a horse should be. Mr. T. Giles, J.P., responded— He felt prond of having taken five prizes out of tlx, bat he should hare beea better pleased bad there been more competition. He quite agreed with the decision of the Judges tbat tbe French merinos were better sheep, and better suited to the colony, than the German sheep. He preferred the colonial ram to any. as being the most profitable to breed from and best suited to Australia. He proposed 'The Unsuccessful Competitors.' Other toasts followed, including the Unsuccessful Compe- . titors, Mr. Kelly, and the Visitors from a, distance, the Press, the Chair and Vice-Chair, the President of ? the Society, Mr. Gleeson, the Working Committee, the Host and Hostess, and so a most agreeable evening's entertainment was brought to a close about 9 p.m. Everything combined to render the evening fa pleasant one. Host Bleechmore was j udicious and active in his attention to the comfort of his guests ; the epread was sooi ; the speeches sensible, without beinj verbose; Mr. Filgate's songs beyond all praise ; while so surpassingly excellent a Chairman aa Mr. Gleeson would make a jolly meeting under far lest favorable circumstances. While this entertainment was in progress a very different scene was enacting at the hotel. Some rowdies kicked np a disturbance, and abused one or two people shamefully, using stones, aud Knocking one man's teeth out, when. Constable Field interfere!, and after receiving some rough treatment succeeded, with the assistance of some welldis posed persons, in lodging eight ruffians in the lock-up. A Yankee Advocate. — Tho following specimen of a spread-eagle lawyer's eloquence needs no com ment: — c' Thou |ehalt not kill'!' Bow, if you hang my client, you transgress the command as slick as grease, and as plump as a goose egg in a loafer's face. Gentlemen, murder is murder, whether committed by twelve jurymen or an humble individual like my client having killed a man ; but is that any reason why you should do 80? No such thing, gentlemen. Ton may bring the prisoner in guilty; the hangman may do bis duty; but that will not exonerate you. No such thing. In that ca.se you will be murderers. Who among tou is prepared for the brand of Cain to be stamped upon, his brow to-day ? Who, freemen — who in this land of liberty and light? Gentlemen, I will pledge my word not one of yon have a bowie knife or a pistol in your pocket. No, gentlemen, your pockets are odoriferous with the perfumes of cigar cases and tobacco. Ton can smoke the tobacco of rectitude In the pipe of a peaceful conscience ; but hang my unfortunate client, and the scaly alligators of remorse will gallop through the internal principal animal viscera until the spinal vertebras of your anatomical construction is turned into a railroad for tbe grim and gory goblins of despair. Gentlemen ! Beware o£ committing murder [ Beware, I say, of meddling with the Eternal prerogative ! Gentlemen, I adjure you by the manumitted ghosts of temporal society to do no murder; I adjure you bythe name of woman — the mainspring of the ticking timepiece of Time's tyeoretical transmigration — to do no murder! I adjure you, by the love you have for the esculent and condiments! gusto of our native pumkin, to do no murder! I adjure you by the stars set in the flying ensign of your emancipated country — I adjure you by the American eagle, that whipped the universal gamecock of creation, and now eits roosting on the magnetic telegraph of Time's illustrious transmigra tion, to do no murder! And lastly, gentlemen, if ever you expect free dogs not to bark at you — if you ever expect to wear boots made of the Bocky Moun tain buffalo — and, to sum up all, if you ever expect to be anything but a set of sneaking, loafing, rascally, cut-throated, braided, small ends of humanity, whittled down to indistinctability, acquit my client, snd save your country,' The prisoner was acquitted. 