MY FIRST LOVE. A tall, slender figure, with brown hair falling over the shoulders, and n pale, resolute face, clad in a long flowing dressing-gown, and holding a light high above iis head, and looking steadily down at mo as I ascended the stairs — this was what 1 saw as I went up to my room in the Spread Eagle Inn, Gracechurch-street, on the night of the IS tli of September, 1S4.S, as I am a Chris tian ! ' I stopped short and looked at the figure as it was looking at ine. I had uot been drinking. I was not walking in my sleep, and, more than all, I knew the face and form — but what, in the name of common sense, was a young lady doing in the passage of an old inn at that hour, alone, and in shell a dress ? She blushed scarlet as I drew near, and wrapped her dressing-gown more closely around her ; hut the next moment she was as pale as before, ami spoke to me eagarly and hurriedly, hut in a very low voice. " Sir, are you the landlord of this inn ?" "I am not, madam." " Do you know where he is ?" " Down stairs in the co(Tee-room, I think. But what is the matter ? Are yott ill ? Has any- thing gone wrong ?" She stumped her Toot slightly with impatience, and looked me full in the face. Fine blue eyes she had — blue and soft in general, but now they wero blazing. " Don't stop to ask question's, sir. Bring hint hero at onoe, and come bao,k with hiui yourself. Dring pistols if you have them, do. you bear? And run for your lile — for your life !" she added, leaning over the bannisters, and speaking in the same low, hurried tone. l was invay in an instant, though 1 knew no more of my errand than the man in the moon. But 1 should like to see the man who would not have done the same. Apart from the fact that she was claiming my aid and protection, there was something in the ring of the voice, low as it was, and the flash of the eye, that warned me she was not to ho trifled with. She would have made a good general, had she b'eeu a man ; and, I wager my head, not a soldier would have dared to retreat had she spoken as she did to mo that night. But before I finish my story, I must be gin it. 1 am but a bluudering fellow. My wife always says if a mistake can be made, I am sure to make it, and I believe I was going to tell you about the landlord's coming before I said what he had come for. Now, then, I'll commence the thing rightly. The Spread Eagle Inn, which is still standing, and may he seen any day, by the curious travel ler, is a clumsy, ill-lighted house, situated in the heart of the city, yet keeping all its oddities,, which were just in the fashion some two or three hundred years iigo. It is built around a court yard, shut in by gates, across which galleries are thrown, from one door to the Other, with the paved yard below. It has balustrade's and stair cases, containing sufficient oak to build half a modern house with, ami deep window seats, and queer-shaped, glooniyrooms, and odd little closetb, and landiug plaess, and passages, and carpets, chairs, and pictures that. Mrs. Noah might have kept house with in the ark ; to say nothing of the curious old china on tho sideboards, and the wine-glasses and decanters to match. To an Englishman it offers the snuggest of homes, and the roast beef and mutton there are unexception able ; whiln the waiter is as civil and as steady as if he had been breathing the atmosphere of the old place for years. It makes one'feel " respect able," merely to live there for a time"-, and I, who hud been a wild enough college lad, found myself sobering down day by day, as I poured over my manuscripts, or dined quietly by myself, under the eye of Charles, the waiter, off my slice of mutton and baked potatoes, my pint of porter, and my apple or damson tart. Quite like a family man I felt at times — though my wife and family were with my ship, that was to 'come home some day, and bring me an immense fortune. I did not know how long the voyage might take, not knowing even from what port the vessel was to start ; and so I lived under the wings of tho Spread Eagle, and worked at my manuscript, and waited. I was not, by any means, tlie only dweller in the eyrie. People were coming and going all the time, but I scarcely ever saw them or heard their names. The sitting-room next mine, on the se cond floor, would be tenanted one month by a couple with au indefinite number of children ; and tho next, it may be, by an old gentleman, who made no noise, and rarely spoke"," except to tell his servant to bring more wine ; then would come a travelling artist, with his sketch-books and great Newfoundland dog, and they would play at rough and tumble together, after he had done work, till tke.houso shook, and tlie nervous lady above nearly went into fits'; and he would bo succeeded by a musician, who would play all day, and a part of the night, till the same lady declared she should be ready for Bedlam ; but she never was ready, and never went — at least to my knowledge. For my part, I was always satisfied. When the children were there, and playing so noisily that I could not think, I used to lay down my pen, and wouder what their names were, and how they looked, and if they were playing the same games I played in my boyhood (so many years ago !) with my brothers and my cousins. The great dog used often to meet me in the passage, and give me a friendly wag of the tail, if I patted his head, and after that his bark was music in my ears ; for 1 defy any one who has a heart to make me acquaintance ol a dog — a Newfoundland espe cially — and not love liiin. Ami the composer, who played all day the sweet creations of his soul — God knows what loving teuder fancies came to mo now and then, as the melody wove itself in with what I was writing, almost before I was aware of it. I am a happy fellow, naturally, and disposed to make the best of everything ; but setting this entirely aside, I am sure I was a bet ter aud a kinder man for the neighbours I had. One day the room was taken, after it had been standing empty for a week, and I heard the voices of nil old man, his wife, and the fresh, clear tones of a young girl. I often judge people by their voices before I see them; and I pictured the lady to myself, quite correctly. There was a ring in her words, a buoyant, lark-like tone, that gave me the idea of a happy spirit and perfect health. Now nnd then tlie voice deepened and softened, and I knew that her face had lost its smile, and that she was looking grave, perhaps sad. So I knew that she had suffered, and as day after day went on, ami the voice grew familiar, I judged that she had sullered deeply. There was some thing behind that natural gaiety, known only tu herself and God, it may be, and yet it threw a gloom over her whole life, and would always do so. And I thought I should like to see her, and judge if my surmises were correct. I. asked the landlord about the party. He looked at the book, ami read tho names — " Rev. Edward Williams and lady. . MrS. Arnold, New York City." " They are Americans, then ?" I exclaimed. " So it seems. They cauie here three weeks ago by the packet, and are going to Pari3 next I month. Very nice people they seem, but they have queer ways. All Americans have, I am told." " Yes, they seem odd to us, no doubt," I said musingly, scarcely knowing what I had answer ed. Aud then I went up to my room, and wou- dered if " Mrs. Arnold " was a widow, or if her husband was still living. IT so, I felt strongly inclined to strangle or shoot him without any de lay. It i3 very ridiculous— yet, also, quite sin cere — tlie feeling one man has towards another who, (hs lie thinks, has robbed liiin of something which illicit have beatified his own life. Iam sure many a married woman would laugh heartily if she but knew the fancies that pass through the brain of one of her bachelor friends, who admires her, as lie sees her with a child in her arms, or her sweet face looking over her husband's shoulder (stupid man !) as lie pores over a dry newspaper, quite unconscious of her presence. While I sat thinking thus of Mr. Arnold, Mrs. Arnold, in the next room, began to sing. There was a good piano in No <12, and I had often heerd her playing before. But this even ing she only seemed recalling snatches of sweet, sad songs, and I felt sure she was alone. Iler touch upon the keys was soft and dreamy, some times she was playing only with one hand, and then would come a long pause, though I had not heard her leave her seat. I would have given worlds to lmve been beside her, in that hour of twilight. But it faded ; and the cold wall of my room was still between us. I heard her sing- ing, " Then you'll remember me," very softly, and then the music ceased. If I had sat by my self any more, I am sure I should have been mad enough to go into the next room : so, taking up my hat and gloves, I went out for a walk. Tlie door of No. 42 stood half way open, and from my end of the passage I could see into the room plainly, for the boy had just lit the gas, nnd drawn the curtains. She was standing over the piano, dressed in deep mourning, though a wed ding-ring and its heavy guard shone on her left hand. " Thank heaven ! the fellow is dead !" I thought; and then the next moment I laughed at my absurdity. She had the evening paper in her hand, yet, though her head was bent., I could see her face quite well. In only one thing was she different from her counterpart in my brain — she was not beautiful, as I had fancied she must be. She was tall, and straight, and elegant in form, and her face was one of those which cliango and vary with every "shade of feeling- but only re deemed from plainness by a pair of deep-set and beautifully shaped eyes, whose colour, I found, when she threw the paper aside, was that dark, lovely blue, one scarcely ever sees, except in the sky of a summer iiight.__.Just the eyes I had dreamed of all my life — and yet, there was not the slightest chance that they would ever look at me, as they had doubtless looked at Mr. Arnold, deceased, a thousand times. She was a girlish widow — yet there was something in her manner which betrayed the married woman — an ease and aplomb, winch rarely or never shows itself in a young girl, especially if she has been reared care fully by a mother's hand. I might have stood in the passage all night, criticising her, had she not entered it herself, suddenly (for her movements were all quick as flashes of light), and taking me so by surprise, that I am sure she would have seen me staring in at her, had she not, luckily for me, caught her foot in the mat as she crossed the threshold. She stumbled, and would have fallen, but I sprang to her assistance and caught her, and felt her heart boating quickly against my arm. She panted with the sudden start it had given her, but stood up in a second, and just glancing at me as I stood beside her in the dark passage, said quietly, " Thank you, Charles. I might have hurt myself very much, if you had not saved me. And, by the way. I wish you would have that stupid thing taken away. My uncle fell over it last night, aud I suppose it will be my aunt's turn next." She ran lightly up the stairs to her sleeping- room, laughing to herself as she went. She hau mistaken me for the waiter ! But I did not care (though I fancied there was some difference in our height and air), since it had given me the pleasure of hearing my own name, and spoken by her lips. I declare solemnly, to this day, that when Mrs. Cathcart (my wife) calls me Charles, an odd feeling comes over ine, and I see the hall of the Spread Eagle, and Mrs. Arnold running up the stairs, while I stand iu a state of maudlin admir ation below. So much for the power- of associa tion. I went to the Opera that evening. I usually spent my evenings there, or at the theatre, be cause I had no acquaintances in London, and it was dull, sitting in iny room alone. They played the " Bohemian Girl," I remember, and the tenor sang Mrs. Arnold's song, " Then yoii'll remember me." And the lights, and the music, and the crowd seemed to pass away, and leave me listen ing to her again, touching the piano softly, and half singing, half humming the words, as if, if she trusted herself to utter them aloud, they would surely bring tears with them. I thought of her constantly till the opera was over ; and, the house empty, I thought of her over niy hot supper at Very's ; and I thought of her as I went home along the deserted streets. I looked up at her window to see the light there, as I entered the court yard. It was burning brightly enough, and I entered the house, and sat down in the coffee- room a few moments with tho landlord, who was a great friend of mine, in his way. I did not talk to.bim, nor lie to me — we were neither of us talking men, and seldom had many words together. But he pored over the Times steadily, intent upon political news ; and I held the Adoertiser upside down before me, and felt, with a thrill of bashful satisfaction, that I was no longer indifferent to the advice of Mr. Weller, senior, — " Samivel ! Saniivel ! bevare of tiie vidders !" No : a widow had changed me in the twinkling of an eye, and I was in love, as hopelessly, as Unreasonably, and as foolishly as any sober uian of thirty could well be ! 1 must not1/ proceed to state that Mrs. Arnold's room was on the second floor, just above No. 40, aud looking out upon Gracechurch-street itself. To it she went quietly on that eventful evening, at the hour of ten, just at tlie time when I was sitting in my box at the Opera, thinking of her. Something made her wakeful. She sat down at her toilet-table, and talked awhile to the house keeper, who had come up with clean pillow-cases and asked many questions about the house and the family. How they broached the topic, I do not know — but after a time, they began to think, and to spoak about the strange phenomenon, called " spiritual rappiogs." The Cock Lane ghost was brought upon the carpet, and various other stories told, till Mrs. Arnold grew nervous, and laugh ingly declared she would hear no more. Then the housekeeper bade her good night, and she locked her door, and began to prepare for bed. The room was large, rather dark, and full of corners and recesses. The light of the two wax caudles on the toilet- table only served to make these corners visible in their shadowy gloom. The bed was high, and hung about with dark crimsou curtains ; the furniture of the room was dark, too ; and the cushions of the chairs and the covers of the tables red also. It is a colour which needs much light to set it off to advantage : it looked dismal enough to her just then. At one end of the room a door led into a kind of large closet, which was unfurnished, and looked out into tlie court- yard; but this door opened out info Mrs. Arnold's room, and locked on that side. Sometimes linen was kept there ; and the house keeper had evidently been tliero that evening, for the key was in the lock, and the door a little ajar. Mrs. Arnold would have preferred it shut, but sbo was too timid to cross the room just then. J She undressed slowly, singing, in a low voice, the song I heard her sing that evening. As she bent down to unlace her boot, she happened to cast her eyes towards the closet (she had a vision like an eagle), and, to her surprise and terror, she saw it move distinctly— only tho lower part of the door, for she had presence of mind enough not to start, and the bed concealed tlie upper part, as she was stooping. The legend of that woman who saw the great boot of a man under lier bed, yet bad the courage to stay in tlie room all the evening, going on with her ordinary household duties within reach of the assassin's knife, till lier husband came, aud she was safe, flashed across her mind, and taught lier how to act. She yawned luxuriously, interrupted her singing one moment, and then went on with a steady voice. After she had prepared for her bed, she folded her dress ing-gown around her, and brushed her hair before the glass. In that mirror she could see the door move now and then, as if lier visitor was getting impatient; and once it creaked. She started, naturally, and threw her slinner ncrainst the wall. as if to frighten away the mice, and resumed her occupation. When that was over, she went to lier jewel-case, which stood upon the toilet-table, and turned its bright contents out in a heap before lier. She held a spray of diamond's against lier hair, as if to try its effect ; she clasped and un clasped her bracelets, and toyed with her rings. Meanwhile, the door creaked again, and letting an unset diamond fall to the ground, and stooping to pick it up, she saw, with a rapid glance, that a burly, ill-looking man was peering at her from behind the curtains of the bed. He started back, thinking himself discovered ; and in that moment of horrible anxiety —that moment which, for aught she knew, might be her last— what did she do ? She could hear his breathing distinctly, sharpened as all her senses were, and almost felt the cold steal in lier heart ; and so she made herself a mocking curtsey in the glass, and held tlie dia mond spray above her forehead. "Duchess of Nemours!" sho said, softly. "And why not V I should look well with a coronet. I wish my husband was dead !" She leaned her head upon lier hand, and seem ed to think. A subdued rustling told her that the robber was retreating. The door swung softly together — she saw it in the glass — and her resolution was taken. " Two diamond rings and a diamond spray," she said, counting tho gems aloud, as she put them back in their case. "A ruby and au amethyst bracelet, a ruby ring, and a garnet— But where is the garnet necklace, by the way ? IIow stupid of me to mislay it ! And my hus band's gift, too ! I wonder if I have put it in my trunk." Tlie truuk stood very near the door of the closet. She went and unlocked it, and tumbled its contents out upon the floor, bending over it with her light, while that man was within two feet of her ! I wonder how she had tho nerve to do it. Indeed, she said afterwards that she knew he was bending down too, and looking over her shoulder at the trinkets as she turned them over with a steady hand ; and that lier greatest diffi culty was to keep from breaking out into hysteri cal laughter, and so betraying tlmt she knew of his presence. The bracelet was not there. She pitshed the tilings aside impatiently, shut down tlie trunk, and placed the candle on the lid. Then she stood up, with her finger on her lip, and her head bent down. " Where can the necklace be ?" She turned, as if to go by the closet, towards a chest of drawers that stood in the corner of tlie room, made one step past it, whirled suddenly, and, pushing both hands upon the door with all her might, locked and double-locked it in a second. She hoard a terrific oath inside as the robber threw himself against it, too late ; and, snatching up her candle, sped out for help. She found me as I have described, while I was coming up the staircase, and she stood at the head of it. In three moments after she had spoken to mo, I came back with the landlord, the waiter Charles, the bead hostler, and " boot's." They were all strong raeD, and the landlord had his pistols. Boots, I remember, "carried the poker, and I snatched up a great carving-knife from the side board. What did that woman do, when she saw our procession, but burst out laughing ! " You come as if you were going to join the army at Flanders," she said, after she had re lated her dangerous adventure. " I have locked the man up safely, and you will frighten him to death with your savage looks." I coloured up to the roots of my hair, and gave my carving-knife) to Charles, and sneaked behind tho rest. I believe, at that moment, I hated her. It was a great sight to see lier marching before us, with her light in her hand. An English woman would have fainted at being seen in deshabille by five men ; but she, with the frank, free bravery of an American lassie, let the cir cumstances explain the dress, and marshalled us quietly into the room. There was lier book upon the toilet table, and there were the jewels glitter ing in their case — the contents of her trunk as she had left tliem, on the floor, and the closet locked and silent. She put the key into the landlord's hand. " Help the gentlemen oiit !" she said, lazily. I think she was the bravest woman I have ever seen, and I could not help looking at her with admiration and respect. She took a great shawl from a chair and wrapped it around her form, shivering slightly, and then stood a little aside aud waited. We heard the man breathing heavily, as the key turned in tlie lock, and tho moment the door was open, he made a savage rush out, knocking the landlord and Charles down, as if they had been two boys. But " boots" and I caught him ; and the hostler snatched a leather strap from Mrs. Arnold's trunk, and we had him bound in a moment. She sat in lier easy chair, looking on quietly, as if she had been at a play, and when his eyes met hers, she smiled. " You see I was too much for you," sho said quietly. He growled out, " You are a clever woman, by jingo 1 I didn't think there was a woman as could bring Bill Nevins to this." " Thauk you, my friend ; I never had a greater compliment paid me." . We led him from the room, aud the landlord turned to her. " Of course you will wish to go to Mrs. Wil- liams's room," said he ; "or I can give you one near the housekeeper's ?" " No ; I think I'll stay here," she said, in lier short, quiet, decided way. " I suppose you have not left any of your friends behind you, my man?" she added, turning to the prisoner. The fellow grinned and pulled at his forelock, saying, " No, my lady ; I was all alone." " That will do, then. Good night, gentlemen ! Accept my thanks now, and I will offer them more suitably when I am not quite so sleepy." She bowed us out of the room, and locked the door behind us. Every one' was loud in her praise but me ; and as for the prisoner, he swore with a more emphatic oath than I should like to record, that six months or a year was nothing after that; and that if lie thought all American women wero like her, lie would cross the ocean to find one in Ids own station, the moment lie was set free. But I was silent. And when the housebreaker had been consigned to the tender mercies of tlie police, ami the hotel was silent, and I alone in my room, I scarcely knew what to think. Such courage almost frightened me, and yet I remembered how pale she looked, and that she leaned against the mantelpiece at first, as if to support herself ; — so I forgave her bravery, and thought only of the beauty of her eyes and the sweetness of her voice, and sank away to sleep at last, with the firm resolution that another day should not pass over my head before I had told her how I had learned to lo'Vc her. But the next day brought its own events, and what was worse, its own personages, with it. A carriage stopped before the door as I entered from my morning walk ; a tall, bearded man, with an honest, handsome face, darted into the house, and up the stairs three at a time. There was a cry of surprise on the s'econd landing — a murmur, and a sudden mingling of voices, that roused my curiosity to the highest pitch. I ran up to my own room, find passing the half-open door of No. 42, there was my divinity in the arms of a stranger (confound him !), calling liiin " George," and kissing him in a way that made mo long to poison him. Down stairs / went, three at a time, and collared the landlord in the hall. " Who is that man ? " "Just come? In 42?" he gasped, half choked and quite surprised. "Yes!" "Captain Arnold — Mrs. Arnold's husband. Just come from a voyage to India. I say, sir, no more midnight adventures now, I suppose ? You never will have tlie chance to play the part of the guardian angel again— eh, sir ? — think so, sir ? " My hand dropped from his collar, and consign ing him and Captain Arnold to perdition, I walked out to the rooms of a friend, and deliberately got drunk ! More than that, I managed to keep drunk for nearly a week ; and when I came to my sober senses once more, Mrs. Arnold and her party had gone. I bear sho is in America now, in New York. And I have no doubt she will read this story and laugh till her lovely blue eyes fill with tears, over my folly. She will show it to her husband, too, and he will laugh. Never blind 1 I must take care that Mrs. Cathcart shall . never see it"; she at least must never know what a tremendous falsehood I told when I swore 'on my bended knees that I had never loved any woman before (she wouldn't marry me on any other conditions),— and thereby alone can my peace of mind be ensured. So I make my bow to the editor — aud to Mrs. Arnold's blue eyes — to the public, and the Spread Eagle in Gracechurch- street. .. ... An Extkaohd'in'aii y Yorkshire- Woman. — At North-road, Highgate, on tlie 4th inst., Elizabetli Holston (maiden name Corbett) died in her ninety- third year. Her father was at the siege of Quebec, and did not live to see his seven chil dren brought up. Iler mother was obliged to send her out to service at tho age of sixteen. Up to that time she had gone to school. She was, therefore, educated far above the general run of domestic servants. She had been in the service of Henry Liddell, at llavensworth Castle, two years, when lie died, and she remained iu the em ployment of his widow eight years afterwards — the latter six as cook and housekeeper — at Ripley and Norton Conyers. She was then in the ser vice of Lord George Murray until his death, and in that of the first Lord Grey till his death, and continued with, his widow two years afterwards, when she was unfortunately married, but not " matched." Although lately reduced iu circum stances, 3uch was her high and independent spirit that she never allowed the writer of this notice to state her case to any of the families she had served, preferring to make girls' stays at 4d. per pair, as an example to her grandchildren', who are now earning four time's as much in Canada. Sho was the granddaughter of Thomas Harrison, carpenter, of Catterick, who was accidentally killed by a piece of timber falling upon bim whilst employed at Sir William Lawsou's, Brough Hall, 110 years since. Some will say how could this woman manage to live till this age, being in unfortunate circumstances the latter half of her life ? Tlie secret is she was temperate, active, and industrious, a liigh-niinded and conscientious woman. This just tribute to the memory of an exemplary woman is written by her own living brother, whom she nursed, being nine years his senior — a chip off the same block. Her grand mother, Thomas Harrison's widow, lived to ninety-eight. - -Leeds Mercury. 