IST. PAUL'S CHUROI, SALE. - The foundation stone of" the'new church will be laid to-day, at two o'clocl, by John King, Esq., of Nambrok, and we have no doubt that a very large concourse will assemble to witness the. interesting ceremony, which will be conducted according to the plain andisimple, but impressive rites of the English Church. The pirt of tho church now to be built' is a massive fragment, and ex pede Hercufem, we may judgeo that the structure when complete will be a large aiid spleidid building; 'the preoont edifice will hbld' one hundred and thirty additional 'wrshippers ii the nave, and in the ante-chancel theroeis ample room for a large choir, who will vacate the gallery, and' thus afford room for a .nimber of additional free seats. • Great preparations are making, and a canopy of.z:rgrooen'iato beepi erceted over the cornerstbone, which?is"a'largoe block from ithe Lakes i The'.clr, gye" j nad 'choir will be ihnattendance, and; proceeding round the' church,' will nsing' that' beautiful' hymn,' "For' thee, O dear, dear country ;" then a short ser vice wvill take place, a?d the trowel (a fine tool ofleilver and ivory) will be handed by tho'Arch deacon to Mr. King, who will, lay the stone, using the following words :-t'; In the faith of Jesus Chrit'wo 'fix this stoke' on this foundation, in the 'name of. the Father,' and 6f the Son; aind of 'the Holy Ghost; that' within these walls hereoni : to be"raised, bearing the name of .Saint Paul the Apostle, 'the truo faith of God may. be preached, and that ,this, place may for 'ever be devbted:'to ffaithful' prayer and holy praiseo':t 'the honour and glory of ohurLord Jesis .Christ'who'witth the Father and the Holy Ghost livbth and reignth, ever-one God, world. withouit ind. "lAiin.: In ' cavity of the stone will e j'pldceda I;bottle' containiiig the 'coiis of0 the'realm; this?idiber 'of the 'Gippaland' Times, 'ndu'aii ~mblioii'ed scroll of vellum,:'containiig' iman'couiit of tlii laying of the stone and the names'of the. hurch' Coiimittee, with the following inscription, also illuminated on.vellhim=':i" : " A' d gloriam sempitornain' K ''i- 8S.. et iodividmo Trinittit .:: r. S... -etn honorem :" : ''' . ' Sancti Pauli Apostoli' :' : r ........b hujus Ecolesi .... "' lapidem angularemposuit' '' .. , John King deo Nmbrok; arm .. viii die Noovcmiisl, ; ,'""'', -In' the evening at" the' e?irc.?'vlhich: is: ex pected to be .a very successful affair,'th''irivel will be presented to Mr. Kingthe oldest trustee anid most' liberal and juldicious benefactor of the chureh. Clhuisliensin days tbocojne:may loo166k with pride and satisfoeotin at':the building now? erected mainly by the piety 'ad:' itnilfl6ceneof a feot, whose exertions were directedl by the eal' and disoretion of their exemplary incumbent. 