THE TRIAL OF DR PRITCHARD. At ten o'clock 011 Monday morning, 3rd July, the trial of Dr Pritchard, on the charge of mur dering his wife and mother-in-law in Glasgow, commenced in the High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, before the Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Ardmillun, and Lord Jerviswoode. The court room was crowded, and many were disappointed in obtaining admission. The indictment charged the prisoner "with administering tartarised anti mony, aconite, and opium to his mother-in-law, Jane Cowper Taylor, in tapioca, and in porter or beer, and in a medicine called Batley's sedative solution, between the 10th and 25th of February, 1865 ; and it also charged him with administering 011 repeated occasions in February and March, 1865, tartarised antimony and aconite to his wife, Mary Jane Taylor Pritchard, in articles of food and medicine. The prisoner entered the dock at ten o'clock exactly, dressed in deep mourning. He was calm and self-possessed, and looked cooll}7 round the court when he had taken his seat. He is a stout, well-built man, prepossessing in appearance, and with sharply defined featuVes. He wears his hair long, and has a large bushy beard, but no moustache. The prisoner's brother, Charles Augustus Pritchard, secretary to the naval com mander-in-chief, Plymouth, by permission of the court, took his seat beside him in the dock, and remained with him all day. The prosecution was conducted, in the absence of the Lord Advo cate in London, by the Solicitor-General, assisted by Mr Gifford and Mr Crichton, advocates de pute ; the defence was conducted by Mr A. R Clarke, Mr William Watson, and Mr David Brand, advocates. The prisoner's counsel moved the court to separate the two charges of murder, on the ground that it embarrassed the defence to try the two crimes together. The Court unani mously refused to grant the request. The pri soner was then called on to plead to the indict ment, and in a clear distinct voice he pleaded "Not Guilty;" and a jury having been empan nelled, the evidence for the prosecution com menced about half-past eleven o'clock. The re mainder of the day was occupied by the examination of five witnesses, three of whom were merely formal, and occupied only a few minutes. The two important witnesses were Ca therine Latimer and Mary M'Leod. Subjoined is a summary of the subsequent proceedings : Catherine Latimer, lately cook in Or Pritchard's service, deponed to the circumstances and events of the household up to her leaving it. Mrs Prit chard's illness commenced in October, with fre quent sickness. She went to Edinburgh to visit her mother in November, returning at Christmas. Iler mother and Miss Pritchard, who lived with her grandmamma in Edinburgh, came with her. Mrs Pritehard then appeared to be in very good health. She continued so for about a week, but after that became ill again. Witness was to have left the service on the 2nd, but owing to her mis tress's illness she remained till the 16th of Fe bruary. One night Mrs Pritchard exclaimed, " Oh, Catherine, I have lost my senses. I never was so bad as this before." She was seized with cramp about the 14th of February. She was very ill, and called Mary M'Leod to fetch Dr Gaird ner. Dr Pritchard was in the room when another doctor was sent for. He was crying ; and witness heard deceased say, " Don't cry, you hypocrite," or, "Don't cry, for if you do you are a hypocrite and she added that the doctors were all hypo crites together. She told Dr Gairdner she "had chloroform, but she had never said so to witness. Witness continued in the service till Mrs Taylor was brought back again from Edinburgh. Mrs Taylor said to witness, " I don't understand her illness; she is one day better and another worse." iMary M'Lieoa, a girl of seventeen, housemaid at Dr Pritchard's, was between four or five hours under examination, and gave her evidence with evident reluctance. She generally took up Mrs Pritchard's dinner and tea, which she sometimes got from Dr Pritchard, as he sat with his family in the dining room. Mrs Pritchard often said, '.! wonder when this sickness is to stop." "When witness was sent for Dr Gairdner she heard Mrs Pritchard s^y, "Don't cry; if you cry you're a hypocrite; it was you that did it." On one oc casion Dr Pritchard sent her up with a bit of cheese, which Mrs Pritchard tasted, and asked witness to taste ; it felt hof, and made witness thirsty. Witness deponed to the sudden illness of Mrs Taylor; she said she surely had her daugh ter's complaint. She died about mi inight of the day she was taken ill; she was writing letters in the consulting room at nine o'clock, and was helped upstairs, where she became speedily ill, and died. The prisoner had used improper fami liarities with witness, and Mrs Pritchard had seen him kissing her. Witness bccame with child to him. lie said he would put it all right. She had a miscarriage. (Interrogated.-Did he do any thing to you to produce miscarriage ? But the question was objected to, as forming a separate crime not libelled against the prisoner, and dis allowed by the Court) The connexion wa-; continued up to the time Mrs Pritchard visited Edinburgh. He spoke of marriage to witness. He said he would marry her if Ins wife died before him. He gave witness a ring the year before last; also a brooch the -=;imo month his wife died. He gave his photograph in the locket, but witness bad since torn it out. Cross-examined: Believed prisoner to be in joke when he spoke of marriage. The proceedings were resumed on the following morning. The court house was densely crowded throughout the day. The prisoner was calm and collected, though looking a little less at ease than on the previous day, perhaps from the fatigue of long sitting in the warm court. His brother again sat in the dock with him all day. The first witness examined was Mary Paterson, who succeeded Latimer as cook in Pritchard's ser vice. On the 16th February Mrs Pritchard was ill, and witness never was upstairs to see her till the night of Mrs Taylor's illness. Heard Mrs Pritchard exclaiming " Mother, won't you speak to me ? " and went in, and found Mrs Taylor's body getting cold. She died the same night, and witness dressed the body, which had a pinkish streak on the left side. On the Tuesday before Mrs Pritchard died witness found a bit of cheese in the pantry, and ate a little bit, about the size of a pea. After eating it she felt a burning sen sation in the throat, and got sick and vomited. Her sickness continued from morning till night. Next day the prisoner asked witness to make some egg-flip lor Mrs Pritchard. The doctor gave her the egg, and while witness was beating ic he came once or twice into the pantry and dropped in what witness took to be pieces of lump-sugar. He said lie would add the whiskey when it came upstairs. On pouring in the water, to see if it was hot enough, witness tasted it, and remarked to Mary M'Leod it had a horrible taste. She had the same sensation after it as from the cheese, and continued sick till four o'clock next morning. When Mary M'Leod came down to bed she told her the mistress was so ill that she would not allow the doctor to leave the room. Witness did not see Mrs Prichard till the Friday. She was well at noon, when she saw her drink something from a glass, which the doctor took from her. She became very ill at five and excited. She was raving about her mother. She asked witness to rub her hands, and was much cramped. She spoke about her children incoherently. About half- past one witness was called out of bed to make a mus tard poultice, and about five minutes afterwards was called upstairs. The doctor was in bed with his wife. She touched Mrs Pritchard, and found her cold. The doctor proposed to apply the poultice, and to get hot water, saying she was only fainting ; but witness said nothing could be done for a dead body. He said, u Come back, come back, my darling Mary Jane; do not leave your dear Edward.'' And added, "What a brute! what a heathen ! So gentle, so mild." He asked witness to shoot him ; and in answer to her re buke, how he should stand before a righteous God, said, "True, Paterson ; you're the wisest and kindest woman I ever saw." Thomas Council and Richard King, two stu dents of medicine residing in the house of the pri soner, gave evidence similar to previous witnesses as to the symptoms of the illness of the prisoner's wife and mother-in-law Dr Gairdner and Dr Paterson spoke to the visits they paid to the deceased ladies, and the prescriptions thej' gave. The}' minutely des cribed the symptoms. The former thought Mrs Pritchard was intoxicated, and forbade more sti nuhmts. The latter said lie could not banish from his mind that the symptoms betokened anti mony, and refused to certify Mrs Pritchard's death, the case being so sudden and mysterious, referring the registrar to Dr Pritchard. Evidence was called to prove the temperate habits of the two ladies. At the resumption of the trial next morning, after some formal evidence had been given as to articles found in the prisoner's house, John Campbell, manager of the Apothecaries' Company at Glasgow, gave evidence as to the prisoner having purchased, at various dates from Novem ber, 1SG4, to February, 18G5, tincture of aconite, tartarised antimony, tartar-emetic, and laudanum. On Sth February he purchased one ounce of tar tarised antimony, and one ounce of tincture of aconite. On 9th February he purchased another ounce of the same poison, and on 11th February two ounces of tincture of digitalis. Witness never sold an ounce of tarfearised antimony to a medical man before. He had a large dispensing trade, and he was struck with the quantity of antimony sold to the prisoner, and also with the quantity of tincture of aconite. He only sold two ounces of tartarised antimony in a year to the medical pro fession and the public of Glasgow. He spoke to selling prisoner since November last three ounces of Fleming's tincture of aconite, and said that he believed an ounce or two ounces would cover the whole of his other business during twelve months. The prisoner got more chloroform from him than all his- other customers put together. He had been a dispensing apothecary for twenty- three years, and in all his experience he had never fur nished so much poison to any other medical man. John Corrie. chemist, Glasgow, spoke to selling prisoner, on 18th February last, two ounces solu tion of morphia, and one ounce Fleming's tincture of aconite. He also sold prisoner, on 13th March last, half an ounce of Fleming's tincture of aconite, and three times in the month of March last quan tities of solution of atrophine. Dr Douglas Maclagan, Dr Littlejohn, and Dr Gamgee, Edinburgh, and Dr F. Fenny, Glasgow, gave evidence as to the result of the post mortem examinations of the bodies of the prisoner's wife and mother-in-law, and as to the result of the chemical analysis of the contents of the different organs. The substance of their testimony was that there were no morbid appearances in the bodies capable of accounting for death ; that Mrs Pritchard had taken a large quantity of antimony in the form of tartar emetic in repeated doses which had caused her death, and that Mrs Taylor had also taken a considerable quantity of anti mony in a succession of doses in the form of tartar emetic, which had caused her death. Dr Maclagan was ot opinion that in the case of Mrs Taylor the symptoms described by the wit nesses were such as aconite would liave produced. If opium, aconite, and antimony had been ad ministered at the same time, lie would have anti cipated the symptoms which Mrs Taylor ex hibited. Dr Littlejohn was of opinion, after hearing the evidence, that Mrs Pritchard died lruiu repeated doses of antimony, administered in small quanti ties, and that Mrs Taylor might have died from a dose of antimony administered shortly before her death, or else from some of the sedative narcotic poi son. Tartar emetic could be readily beaten with egg flip, and a sufficient dose to keep up illness could bo given in a lump «f sugar. Dr Paterson. of Glasgow, believed, after hearing the evidence, that the deatli of Mrs Taylor was occasioned by a combination of antimony and opium, Mr Macbrair, trustee of the late David Cowan, of Portsmouth, proved that Mrs Taylor had con trol of L3000 under Mr Cowan's will, and that Mrs Taylor had made a will leaving two-thirds of that sum to Mrs Pritc'nard, and, in the event of her death, to Dr Pritchard, who was to get the interest till his children should attain the age of twenty-one, and after that time he was to get the money for himself. In July, 18G4, Mrs Taylor had paid LoOO to Dr Pritchard. After some formal evidence, two declarations, emitted by the prisoner, were then read. In the first, made on the 2nd March, he said his wife's last illness was gastric fever, and that he gave her no medicine at all himselfj except wine, cham pagne, and brandy to support her strength, in order to procure her sleep, fie said he had given hor a small quantity of chloroiorm, but it entirely disagreed with her, and he discontinued it. II ? sent for iK:r mother to nurse iier, and fie ascribed his wife's decease to the agitation consequent 011 her mother's death, lie said he had never given his wife antimony but on one occasion, in October last. He applied it externally to her when she had a ewelliug of a glaud iu her back. He gave his wife a little bottle of antimony for the purpose of rubbing in behind her ear. He used antimony extensively in his practice, and kept it in a cup board in his consulting room. In his second de claration, made on the 21st of April, he said that he was in no way accessory to Mrs Taylor's death, that he never administered poison to her, and that he believed she died from paralysis and apoplexy. This closed the ease for the prosecution, and the Court adjourned at half-past five till next morning at ten o'clock, when the evidence for the defence was commenced. The evidence for the defence lasted only an hour and a half. There was no attempt to rebut the medical evidence for the Crown, Two of Dr Pritchard's young children were called to speak of the affectionate terms of their parents, and of the attachment between the prisoner and his mother-in-law. The prisoner was much affected while his children were under examination. The Solicitor-General "then addressed the jury for the prosecution. He showed that the only two persons who had access to the deceased ladies, and bad any opportunity to perpetrate the murder were the prisoner and the servant girl, Mary M'Leod. He argued that the gradual poisoning of the wife could not have been done by a girl of seventeen, and that in the nature of the murder they could almost detect the finger of a doctor. Mr Clark addressed the jury for the prisoner. He began by pointing out the horrible and incre dible nature of the crime imputed to a member of an honorable profession, whose function it was to save life, not destroy it, and who was now charged with turning his knowledge with a devilish pur pose against two defenceless women of his nearest kindred ; he was also charged with the incredible crime of, while able to employ the more potent poisons, preferring to poison by slow degrees, all the time comforting and sympathising with hi3 victims. He also went on to speak of the absence of all reasonable motive. As to the amour with M'Leod, no one could suppose that, having already had his desires gratified, he could have had any intention of marrying the girl; much less was there any motive to murder his mother-in-law, who was always ready to assist him in his pecuni ary difficulties. He accepted the alternative stated by the Solicitor-General, that the murder was committed by the prisoner or by Mary M'Leod and commented upon the strange omission by the Crown,to ask Mary M'Leod whether or not her hand had administered the poison. Mr Clark went on to show that all the poison had passed through her hands, while all the medicines and drugs in the house were in an unlocked press within reach of the whole household. He con cluded by a pathetic appeal to the jury for a ver dict of acquittal. The Court met again on the following morning, 6th July, at ten o'clock. The public interest in the trial had greatly increased, and the doors of the court-room were besieged by hundreds of persons eager to obtain admission to hear the judge's charge to the jury. I Lord Justice Clerk went minutely into | the evidence relating to the illness and death of the two ladies, directing the attention of the jury to the fact, and characterising it as " a very re markable circumstance " that throughout, when ever the prisoner had occasion to explain to any body what he thought was the matter with bis wife, he called it gastric fever, when all the symp toms indicated the very reverse of her being under fever. His lordship also pointed out to the jury that the prisoner reported to the registrar that Mrs Taylor had been under paralysis for twelve hours, which he knew was an absolute falsehood ; and that the disease which immediately preceded death was apoplexy, while the medical evidence had demonstrated that there was not a trace of apoplexy in the case. The jury would consider whether, in the case of a professional man like the prisoner, he could under the circumstances, if his died under the effects of antimonial poison, be so far deceived as to believe she died of gastric fever. After noticing the evidence as to the poisoned cheese, the egg-flip, and the tapioca, his lordship said it appeared beyond a doubt that some one bad been practising a system of poisoning, and that in possession of the prisoner were the agents to carry it on. If he understood the theory of the prisoner's counsel aright, it was that Mary M'Leod was the pefson who caused these murders, and that the jury must choose between her and the prisoner at the bar by balancing the probabi lities ; but the prisoner's counsel did not seem sufficiently to advert to the possibility that both might be implicated, and if that was so they could have very little doubt who was the master and who set on the other; but he (the Lord Justice Clerk) did not desire the jury to take this theory, and he thought it quite right that they should consider upon the balance of probabilities which of the two was the perpetrator of the crimes. Was it conceivable that a girl, sixteen or seventeen years of age, in the position of a servant maid, could have herself conceived or executed such a design P and if she had conceived it, could she have executed it, subject to the vigilance of the I husband of her victim, himself a medical man ? That was very hard to believe, indeed. On the other hand, if the prisoner conceived and executed j the design, it was not so difficult to believe that Mary M'Leod may have been the perfectly un conscious and innocent instrument of carrying out his purpose. If they were satisfied the murder was committed, the parties who had access to Mrs Pritcbard only could have done it. Some of them were plainly innocent, and in case of others the probability of guilt was reduced to two ; of thsee two one, or both, of them were guilty of the deed. The jury retired to consider their verdict about twenty minutes past one o'clock, and returned in about an hour with an unanimous verdict of " Guilty " on both charges. The Lord Justice Clerk then sentenced the pri soner to be executed at Glasgow on the 28th of July, and in passing sentence said that the verdict of the jury proceeded upon evidence which could leave no reasonable doubt on the minds of those by whom it was considered. The prisoner, who had maintained great com posure throughout the five days of the trial, seemed greatly affected when the verdict was pro nounced, and leant slightly on the policeman sitting beside him, but while the sentence was being re corded he completely regained his composure, and after sentence was passed upon him he bowed to the judge, and also to the jury, before leaving the dock. After Dr Pritchard's conviction he was removed from the bar of the Justiciary Court to the cell below, where he partook of tea. Immediately on reaching the cell where the refreshments were set, lie said to one of the policemen who had charge of him-" I'm innocent of this charge." This was the only remark be made. On going to take his place in the vau he covered his face with his hat, to prevent the large crowd through which he had to pass gazing upon him. On the ensuing night, 7th of Juiy. the prisoner was very restless, like a person in a fever. He only slept about an hour. There were three warders with him all night, who engaged in religious exercises, the pri soner joining willingly with them. He frequently asserted his innocence to those around him, and said he had been convicted by mistake. It ap. pears he was so confident that the verdict would be in his favor, that on the 6th he stated to those around him that he would immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi. On Satuiday morning, 8th of July, Dr Pritcbard was removed from tho Calton Gaol, Edinburgh, to Glasgow, under the charge of a sriminal officer and three assistants. The prisoner was attired in the Mack dress suit which he had on during the trial. Before leaving the gaol he was shackled to the officers, and he remained fastened in this way throughout the journey. He appeared quite composed, and looked about him with tho utmost coolness. His departure was witnessed by a large number pf persons who had assembled on the platform. The following extracts are from Dr Pritchard's diary:-" l'7th February, 1865.-Died here at one a.m, Mary Jane, my own beloved wife, aged thirty-eight years; no torment sur rounded her bedside, but, like a calm, peaceful lamb of God, passed Minnie away. May God and Jesus, Holy Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer until mine be o'er, everlasting love. Save us, Lord, for thy dear son." CONFESSION OF BR PRITCHABD. The convict shortly after made a written con fession of the murder of his wife. The prisoner confessed his guilt to Mr Oldham, Episcopamn clergyman, in a private manner, but Mr Oldham requested that Pritchard should write the conies sion, and he did so. The confession states that Mary M'Leod, the servant girl, was aware that he was poisoning his wife, and that on the even ing of his wife's death, when he administered a dose of chloroform, M'Leod was present.^ Pri soner gives as a motive for poisoning his wife his ' improper intimacy with M'Leod ; and denies that I he poisoned his mother-in- law, Mrs Taylor who, he says, died from an overdose of Battley s solution. He confessed to having drugged the I solution found in her pocket after death, but | denies that it was poisoned before she expired. It is said that when his brother, sister, and daughter ! were present with him the day previous to his confession, the latter had kneeled in the cell, and prayed him, if he had poisoned her mamma, to confess ^ and it is alleged that he then acknow ledged his guilt. The following, is a copy of the confession:- _ ^ n -r. " I, Edward William Pritchard, M.D, M.R.C.S.E, and L.A.S, &c;, hereby make in writing, in the presence of the Rev R S. Oldham, M«A, the fol lowing confession, for transmission by him to uhe proper authorities :-' It was when my wife was at Ardentinny [the convict afterwards desired this name to be altered to Kilmun], in the summer of 1863, that I first becameintimate with the girl Mary M'Leod, sleeping with her in my house at 22 Royal Crescent. *1 his continued at intervals up to the time of our removal to 131 Sauchieball- street. She became pregnant in ^ay last [year], and with her own consent I produced a miscarriage- I have reason to believe that Mrs Pritchard was quite aware of this, and rather sought to cover my wickedness and folly. My mother- in-law, Mrs Taylor, came last February to our house, and caught Mary M'Leod and myself in the consulting-room; and the1 da}' before her death, having apparently watched us, she said to me in the same room, 11 You have locked her into the cupboard," which was true ; but nothing more passed. I declare Mrs Taylor to have died in the manner I have stated ; and I now believe her death to have been caused by an overdose of Battley's solution of opium. The aconite found in that bottle was put in by me after her death, and designedly left there in order to prove death by misadventure in case any in quiry should take place. Mrs Pritchard was much better immediately after her mother s death, but subsequently became exhausted from want of sleep. I accounted for this by the shock produced by her mother's death; and hardly knowing how to act, at her own earnest request I ^ave her chloroform. It was about midnight, Mary M'Leod was in the room, and in an evil moment (being besides somewhat excited by whiskey), I yielded to the temptation to give her sufficient to cause death-which I did. I therefore declare before God, as a dying man, and in the presence ot my spiritual adviser, that I am innocent of the crime of murder, so far as Mrs Taylor is concerned, but acknowledge myself guilty of the adultery with Mary M'Leod and the murder of my wife. 1 feel now as though I had been Hying in a species of madness since my connection with Mary M'Leca; and I declare my solemn repentance of my crime, earnestly praying that I may obtain Divine for giveness before I suffer the penalty of the law. Edwaud Wilmam Pritcuakd." Witnesses-John Stirling, governor; it. fc>. Oldham, and John Mutrie. North Prison, Glasgow, llth July, I860. After the publication of the above confession, the convict was visited by the Rev Dr Norman Macleod, the Rev Dr Miller, the Rev Mr Reid, Episcopalian clergyman, and the prison chaplain. It is said that after the prisoner had remarked, to one of his spiritual advisers that his confession was true, he was told that not a word of it was believed ont of doors, and that he-the minister himself-was of the same opinion. The prisoner, it is alleged, then lay back, and looking calmly towards the ceiling of his cell, expressed hiinsett to the effect that he had often wondered why Christ while on earth had experienced such diffi culty in dealing with unbelievers ; but that alter the minister's remark he was not now surprised. On another occasion it is said that the convict be "an railing at his trial, and finding fault with the judge and his leading counsel, who, he said, he believed was in league with the Crown authorities, O11 being reminded that a person in his position should not give vent to such expres sions, he made a remark to the effect that he could ascend the scaffold with a smile upon his florae days afterwards, however, whether in fluenced by what his spiritual adviser had totd him respecting the universal disbelief in his state ment, or actuated by his own feelings, the convict made another confession, withdrawing the former one. Here it is in full : Confession by Edward William Pritchard, and made in the presence of an all- seeing Goil, and 01 the Rev T. Watson Reid, my present spiritual adviser, on the 19th day of July, 1865, at Glasgow orison, for communication to the proper authori ties I, Edward William Pritchard, in the full possession of all my senses, and understanding the awful position in which I am placed, do make tree and open confession that the sentence pronounced upon me is just; that I am guilty of the deatn of my mother-in-law, Mrs laylor, and ot uiy \\\i e, Mary Jane Pritchard ; that I can assign no motive for the conduct which actuated me beyond a species 'of terrible madness and the use o! anient spirits. I hereby freely and fully state that the confession made to the Rev R. S Oldham on the llth dav of this month was not true, and I hereby confess that I alone, not Mary M'Leod, poisoned my wife in the way brought out 111 evidence a. my trial: that Mrs Taylor's death was caused ac cording to the wording ot the indictment I further state to be true ; and the man facts brought out on my trial I hereby fully acknowledge, and now plead wholly and solely guilty thereto, and may God have mercy on my soul! I pray earnestly for repentance not to be repented of and tor tor civeness from Almighty God, through the inter cession ot our blessed Redeemer, Mediator^ and Advocate, Jesus Christ the Lord and Saviour. Fellow creatures, pray for me, and let me add 1 am in charity with al) men. I have now to record my humble thanks to all who have taken part in any way for my interest. First to their lordships the judges for their great patieuce, forbearance, and careful consideration of my case, and to the gentlemen of the jury ; to all the officials; I can not help mentioning the clerk of the High Cou of Justiciary, the Governor, Mr Smith, ot the Edin burgh Gaol, the chaplain, Lev Mr Russell, Head warder Nelson, Warders John Livingstone and Mackintosh; the Governor of Glasgow I nson, Mr Stirling ; Mr Armour, head-warder ; chaplain Mr Doran; his assistants, Messrs Hogg and Troup . Warders Mutrie, Thomson, &c;,. ; to Drs Leishiuan and Dewar, surgeons to Gln^ow pnson; and Dr Simpson, of Edinburgh l'\the non-officials my heartfelt thanks are s^eeia.ly one; to the Rev Dr Miller, of Free S: Ma t»ew s Glasgow ; and to other ministers wlw have written me, not adding their name?; to Dr Norman Mac leod, may God bless him; and to my own imme diate faith-professore, ftsv R> S. Oldham aad Rev T. "Watson Reid ; to the police authorities Superintendent M'Call and police at the central office, Glasgow; to Sergeant Stewart, of the Edin burgh police force ; and the sheriff officers Wilson, of Glasgow, and Ferguson, of Edinburgh; and to many ®others whose kindness and courtesy I cannot forget; above all to Sir Archibald Alison, Sheriff, &c.;, for his humane, gentle treatment while undergoing hia legal duties. May each and all accept the thanks of a dearly 'penitent sinner, and may Heaven be their reward, is the last prayer of Edward William Pritchard. There is also connected with Dr Pritchard another case on which perhaps he may be able to throw some light. Some three or four years ago a female servant in his employ was found burned to death in his house. She was found lying on her back on the bed, with the lower part of her person much burned, and the door was locked, but the key could not be discovered. At the time the case excited grave suspicion that she did not come by her death fairly, and it seemed almost incredible that a woman who was burned to death should be found lying on her back. She naturally would have endeavored to save herself, and the inference drawn from the odd circumstances was that the unfortunate young woman was already dead before the bed took or was set on fire. Ia reference to this circumstance, a Glasgow journal observes: " Some facts have come to our knowledge con nected with the mysterious burning of the servant in his house in Berkeley-terrace, calculated to throw a deeper shade of suspicion over the occurrence than anything in the account of it con® tained in the narratives of the calamity. It is quite true that the door of the room where the servant was sleeping was locked, but it is not quite so certain that it was locked from the inside. The key was not in. the lock, but was found by Dr Pritchard in a room full of smoke, lying on the bed where the servant lay charred and lifeless, Nobody saw the key until it was in the doctor's hand, and how he could have so readily found it in so unlikely a place, amidst the dense and al most suffocating smoke, remains a mystery that we fear points only to one solution. On another master, viz , the motive for the double murder of which he has been found guilty-considerable light is thrown by his relations with^ a wealthy heiress in Glasgow. The young lady in question had some L14 000 in her own right. Dr Pritchard was on visiting and generally pretty familiar terms with the heiress, upon whom, simple and unsuspecting to a degree, no blame rests Aware of her resources, the doctor sought the loan of some money. Before giving it the young lady consulted a friend, who advised tbat the money should not be given. The advice was acted upon, and the refusal broke up the correspondence. The ^hiatus in the intercourse thus created^ ren dered it impossible for the prosecution to intro duce this episode into the trial; but, had matters ail gone right, it is easy to perceive what light ifc would have shed upon the one point in the case on which no light fell in court, and no light has yet fallen in his confession. THE ROAD-HILL MURDER. Constance Emilie Kent was indicted at Salis bury Assizes, on 21st June, for the wilful murder of Francis Saville Kent, at Road-hill-house, on 29th June, 1960. Mr Karslake, Q.C., and Mr Lopes appeared for the prosecution, and Mr Coleridge, Q.C., Mr Edlin and Mr Rayenhill for the prisoner. At nine o'clock, Mr Justice Willes took his seat on the bench, and the prisoner was placed at the bar. She appeared dressed in black, with a thick black lace veil, which was lifted when placed in front of the dock. She stood firmly but meekly, with her eyes cast down and her hands clasped in front of her. Silence having been proclaimed, the deputy clerk of arraigns said: Constance Emilie Kent, you are charged with the wilful murder of Francis Saville Kent, on the 29th June, I860. Are you guilty or not guilty ? Prisoner (in a low tone) : Guilty. The Judge: Are you aware that you are charged with having wilfully, intentionally, and with malice, killed and murdered your brother ? Are you guilty or not guilty ? The prisoner made some answer, but in so low a tone that it could not be heard. The Judge : I must repeat the question. You are charged with having wilfully, intentionally, and with malice, killed and murdered your brother. Are you guilty or not guilty ? The prisoner (in a low tone) : Guilty. The Judge : The plea must be recorded. The plea was accordingly recorded. Mr Coleridge said : Beiore your lordship passes sentence, I desire to say two things-first, solemnly, in the presence of Almighty God, the prisoner, as a person who values her own soui, wishes me to say that the guilt is hers alone, and that her father and others, who have so long suffered most unjust and cruel suspicion, are wholly and absolutely innocent; and secondly, that she was not driven to this act by unkind treatment at home, as she met with nothing there but tender and forbearing love; and I hope, I may add, that it gives me a melancholy pleasure to be the organ of these statements for her, be cause, on my honor, I believe them to be true. Mr Justice Willes then assumed the black cap and said: Constance Emilie Kent, you have pleaded guilty to an indictment, charging you with the wilful murder of your brother Francis Saville Kent, on the 29th June, I860. It is_my duty to receive that plea, which you have deliberately put forward, and it is a satisfaction to know that it was not pleaded until after having had the advice of counsel who would have lreed you from this dreadful charge if you could have been freed thereof. I can entertain 110 doubt, after having read the depositions, together with the confession of your critue, that your plea is the piea of a really guilty person. The murder was one com mitted under circumstances of great deliberation and cruelty. You appear to have allowed your feu-lings of jealousy and anger to have worked in your breast until "at last they assumed over you the influence and power of the Evil One. "Whether Her Majesty, with whom alone the prerogative of mercy rests, may be advised to cxercise it by the fact ol your youth at the time when the murder was committed, and the fact that you were con victed chiefly upon your own confession, which re moves suspicion from others, is a question which it would be presumption for me to answer here. It well behoves you to live what is left of your life as one who is about to die, to seek a more enduring mercy, by sincere and deep contrition, and by °a reliance upon the only redemption and satisfaction for all the sins of the world. It re mains for me to discharge the duty which the law1 imposes upon the court without alternative, and that is to pass upon you the sentence which the law adjudges for wihul murder:-that you be taken from the place where you now stand to the place whence you came, from thence to the place of exe cution, and that you be hanged by the neck until your body be dead, and that when your body be dead it be buried within the precincts ot the gaol in which you were last confined, and may God have mercy on your soul I While the judsre was addressing the prisoner he was deeply affected, and when he came to the part at which he alluded to the Evil One having moved her to do the deed, he entirely broke down and shed tears. At this point Miss Kent also burst imo a flood of tears, and sobbed audibly. Daring? t:he delivery of the judgment there was a breathless silence in court, and after it was iverc^,£®r? wis no movement for a minute or two Alter a ti"ie the governor ol tne gaol intimated to t>'-. i,vi-oner that she might retire, and she was .."in vi vvl to the cells beue-ith the court. \>ithm In //unntes afterwards Miss Kent was placed m rh r van and conveyed to she Wiltshire counly -aol. It has transpired that the prisoner has made a detailed written confession oi.theaw. der, which * possibly may be made public. la it she gives as her motive for the dreadful crime hatred of her mother-in-law and dislike of her brother* 