I THE SALISBURY HYMN BOOK. | THE Editor of tho Queensland Times has re- cently admitted a far from complimentary criti- cism on a fugitivo pioco bearing tho initials N.W.W. This appearod in our columns last Easter-eve, 15th April. Ancient Athenians were remarkable for their politeness and pre- eminently so in their discussions. This quality of disposition was so strikingly doveloped among the Attic Greeks that the very structure and grammar of their language and ordinary conversation boar witness to its influence upon thom to this very day. Had such a disposition been the predominant ingrodiout in tho char- acter of him who is generally known to havo been the first to write Ipswich " Tho Athens of tho West," all who know anything of Attio politeness whatever, would, on tho appearanco of tho criticism in question, havo at once con- cluded that anywise, the editor of tho Queens- land Times who suffered that criticism to appear in his paper, was tho last man in the literary world entitled to become himself n denizen of any Athens possessing tho slightest claim to its designation, such a claim as we are disposod to believe Ipswich itself really does possess. Tho remarks made in ouf'columns wero duo to two causes. The immediate causo was this, namely-that the officiating minister of the Anglican Church on Wickham Terrace outraged the feelings of his " weakor brethren" on Good Friday last-abovo all othor days in the year deserving its name-by selecting the 77th hymn of Earl Nelson's Hymnal, commonly culled the " Salisbury Hymn Book." Tho last lino of each verse ends thus : " Jesu, Son of Mary, hear !" And this is a hymn which, among others, was, as wo behove, and certainly, so far as wo know, carefully eschewed by tho former minister of that church. The second nnd remoter causo was this : Wo have lately learned that similar objections to the Sarum Hymnal had already been started by various congrégations within tho diooeso of Salisbury just toward tho end of January last. By the last mail wo oro in receipt of two copies of tho Bridport News, and Dorset, Devon, and Somerset Advertiser, dated the 2Sth of January and 4th of February, respectively. In theso, we find in one not loss than four columns of correspondence on tho Bishop of Salisbury's lato chargo containing accusations mado by tho Rector of Burton Bradstock, Bridport, against tho tractarianism thoroof in a lottor to his Lord- ship, and would-bo refutations of thom, and thrco letters on The Salisbury Hymn-book, one signod "A Layman of tho Church," who writes thus : " I havo communicated with tho vory Rev. Dr. Milman on tho subject, and havo it on his owu authority, that ho originally wrote the lino in question as " Gracious Son of Mari/, hear," And not " Jesu Son of Mary, hear," nor " Jesu Son of David, hear." And tho other two-also addressod to tho editor of tho Bridport News, contain tho fol- lowing paragraphs, which wo hore oxtract and subjoin as curiously ¡Ilustrativoof the discussion now started in Ipswich, and, wo beliovo, about to ariso in Brisbane : - " Allow mo to say that tho lino "JESU, SON OP MAUT, IIEAII," was so written by tho Dean of St. Paul's. It may bo found in Dr. Mihnan's collected poetical works. " My object in now writing is to remind your Church readors that tho choice of tho Hymnal rests with the rector. It eon only bo by the courtosy of the rector that the congregation havo any voice in tho matter. Therefore, I should suggest that a petition for ' nynma Ancient and Modern '-which is undoubtedly far superior to the Sarum Book-be presented to him. Tho controversy, hitherto, has pro- ceeded on tho assumption that tho parishioners can select tho hook. This is wrong ¡ Mr. Leo, if ho chose, could make us go on singing Tato and Brady in saecula saeulorum." This letter is signed thus : " I am, sir, your obediont servant, " OHTTT. " Festival of tho Conversion of St. Paul, 1865." As tho noxt letter fairly represents the Athe- nian crilic'B view of tho question, wo present the substanco thereof, that wo may expound tho Ipswich editor's views with moro justice and greater fullness than ho himself does : " We find it difficult to understand how both ' Crypt' and ' Protestant' agroo to describo thoso unfortunate hymns as a highly discreditable literary production, until on pursuing the tone of the paragraph, wo seo that thoy allude to the ' Popish clement,' supposed to pervado it. This ' Popish element' wo havo vainly sought for. In turning over the pages, not once do we read of purgatory, nor do wo find prayors for the dead recommended, no hymn on indul- gences, no litany to tho Virgin, not a word of St. George, St. Catherko, or St. Ursula, &o.;, tho infallibility of tho Church is not mentioned ; confession not even alludod to ; nor, as far as wo can discora, any of the peculiar tonots of tho Church of Rome. No, Sir, but ' Protestant' objocts that tho Virgin should bo called blessed, forgetting ' Blessed art thou abovo women (St. Luke 1. 28), objecting also to ' bom of blessed Mary.' " Tho Virgin's nanio, we learn, was Mary, and she was blessed. ' Virgin-born' wo loam our Saviour was. In tho 58th hymn ho would dis- card Hail Incarnate Son of Mary .- Mat. 1. 28, will tell ' Protestant' that our Saviour was the son of Mary, and, wo know, Iucarnato Doity." " Wo fear that 'Protestant* must also have protested agamst the 'Book of Common Prayer,' else he would have seen that sinco a collect, epistle, and gospel, oro ordered for the day when wo colebrato the "Purification of Saint Mary, the Virgin, or Presentation of Christ in the Temple, there can bo no rcasonablo objoction why we should not havo a hymn for it. * * * Again, why should wo not invoke our Saviour as the ' Son of Mary,' to give us his blessing, in, perhaps, one of the most striking moments of our lives, when wo stand before God's altar vowing lovo and honor to tho chosen being by our side. Is it that Jesus is neither to bo in- voked as the ' Son of Mary,' or not at all ? Oh ! alas ! alas ! that members of tho Church of England should cavil with such absurdities, or allow such prejudices to warp their better judgment. As well might they object to the color of tho binding of tho hymn- book being red, as, Sir, is blood-but the contents aro no more sanguinary for that. Where can be the confi- dence between a bishop and his flock, or a pastor and his people, when the hymn-book ho sanc- tioned is received in such a spirit. » * * * -all will learn not to mistake tho shadow for the substance, or tho pernicious doctrines of the Church of Rome, for tho simple name of the Virgin Mary. " I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, " A CnunonjfAX. " January 22, 1865." As "A Churchman" does not put our state- ment of tho casi?, we repeat it so far as necessary to our present purpose of dealing with the sub- ject once and for all " In the blessed Virgin's womb Purest flesh thou dids't assume." Hymn 32, v. 3, p. 30. Surely that ia the doctrine of tho Immaculate Conception! Compare! " O that ever blessed dawning When the Virgin, pure and bright, ? By the Holy Ghost made fruitful, Our salvation brought to light." Hymn 36, v. 3, p. 34. What shall wo say to the next? " Glory to the father bo Glory, Virgin-born, to thee." Is not that praising the creature jointly if not equally with the Creator?-Hymn 42, p. 40. Compare the 3rd verse of hymn 58, p. 55 : "Hail, Incarnate Son of Mary !" Again, from the 3rd verso of the 95th hymn : " For Magdalene, with loving care, And Mary and Salome there, To annoint the holy corse prepare.-Alleluia." Chorus-" Alleluia." Tho next contains a direct invocation of the Saviour as a mere angel or rather as a mere man, i.e., as the Sou of Mary i " Be present, Son of Mary, To join their loving hands, As thou dids't bind two natures In. thine eternal bands," Wo add tho following oxtracts to thoso wo gave beforo : " Nor doth the Everlasting Son Abhor the Virgin's womb : That wo from bondage may bo won, He bears a bondsman's doom." Hymn 26, v. 2. " God of God Eternal, Light from Light pro- ceeding, The Virgin's all-hallowed womb hath not abhorred : Very God of very God, begotten not creatod I OI como let us adoro Him, OI como let us adoro Him, O ! como let us adoro Him, Christ, the Lord !" Hymn 38, v. 2. " Glory to tho Father bo, Glory, Virgin-born, to Theo; Glory to tho Holy Ghost, Praised by men and heavenly host.-Arnon." Hymn 40, v. 7. " Tho Fathor's nanio wo loudly raiso, Tho Son, tho Virgin-born, wo praise ; The Holy Ghost wo all adoro, One God, both now and evermore.-Amen," Hymn 49, v. 7. " All honor, praise, and glory bo, Lord Jesu, Virgin bom, to Theo Theo, with tho Fathor, ovormoro, Aud Holy Ghost, let all adoro.-Amen." Hymn GO, v. 7. " In the arms of her who boro Him, Virgin pure, behold Him lio, While His aged saints ndoro Him, Ero in porfect faith they dio. Alllouia! Alleluia I Lo ! tho Incarnate God most high I " Hymn 168, v. 2. " True God, tntejlesh of Mary made, Ina. true grave for sinners laid, With Theo this moral fratno wo trust : O guard and glorify our dust! " Hymn 02, v. 3. Now, wo havo no desivo to insult the under- standing of our Protestant readors by supplying reasons that necossnrily niako these extracts ob joctionablo to thom, or by adducing arguments against thom that must bo familiar with all who have given any attention to the matter at nil. It will auswor our purposo to justify our rccout criticism by arguments which wo havo nowhere hoard or seen in tho newspapor controversies now raging in tho diocoso of Salisbury on tho subject of Trantarianism generally, and the worship of tho Virgin Mary in particular. First, then, wo object to hymns to Iho Saviour being mixed up with any allusions whatever to tho Virgin Mary. Wo havo no sanction (or this in Scripture, and wo bcliovo none whatovor in the practico of the early Christian Church. Possibly this was duo to tho Apostlo's maxim not to do anything-not oven to eat meal that had been used in sacrifico by tho Greeks and Romans to their idols, and afterwards offered for publio s ile in thoir shambles,-if it put a stumbling-block in tho way of his brother, and so wounded " his weak conscience." (seo 1 Cor., chapter vin.) Secondly, wo find no sanction for any-at lonsr notforso constant reference to tho virginity of tho mother of Jesus according to tho flesh, in tho New Testament Scripture. In tho Salisbury Hymnal, which contains far less matter than tho Now Testament, wo havo no fewer than thirteen distinct references to the virginity of Mary. Turn to the New Testament, and wo find no such rofcronco to her virginity in the Epistles and Revelations-nono in the Gospels according to Mark and John. In Matthow only ono, and that moroly a mia- li anslatcd quotation from Isiah, o. 7, v. l-l So wo havo to justify this continuod reference to tho [virginity of Alary, (ho Bingle vorso of Luke's Gospel, e. 1, v. 27, and this verso is simply this-" To a virgin espoused to a mini, whoso name was Josoph, of tho houso of David ; and tho virgin's name was Mary." Bosidos this, almost single rofcronco to tho virginity of Mary, which, wo apprehend, was duo to vilo Jewish calumnies,-besides this ex- plicit declaration of this evangelist, who wroto after Matthow and Mark concerning tho chastity of Mary, which had already boen called in question by tho enemies of Christ, our Athenian censor q notes tho ex- pression " Blessed among womon." In this wo soo no moro and no less, perhaps, than wo do in many equipollent expressions applied to mon in genoral, as for instonco, in words " Como yo blessed of my Falhor," or tho little children which " Jesus blessed," or, Josoph whom Simeon blessed (Lulto o. 2, v. 3't,) or oven those whom ¡fo aro commanded to bless though thoy curse us (Luke o. 6, v. 28,) and (ho Uko. Whcnco then this singling out of tho blossod Virgin Mury for joint mention with her Maker in our hunns ? Why is sho to bo proforrcd to Elizabeth, of whom it is said, sho was righteous beforo God and walked in all his command- ments and>. ordinances blameless? Again, what means this, " highly favored" but simply "accepted;" compare tho only passago which contains tho samo word -kharitô-in tho original, vi/. : in Eph., c. 1, v. G, where " accepted " is the translation. Does our Athenian consor forget that tho Saviour tacitly robukod Iho Jows who told him his mothor was looking for bim by asking who was his mother but thoso who did the Will of God, Mark, c. 3, v. 31-35-comparo Matt., c. 12, v. dfl-50; also, Luke, o. 8, v. 19-21. How is it that John makes no raontion of Mary as tho virgin, and that at tho marriage feast our Saviour did not say " Mother what havo I to do with theo," but, " Lady, or Madam, what," &c.; Again, Our Saviour said lo Mary from his cross, looking lo John, tho boloved disciple, who stood by her, " Woman-not " Mothor"-behold thy Son (i.e., John.) Wo avoid stating moro fully our privato opinions on this subject, as wo havo no wish to enter into further discussion with our Athenian censor, or to bo a sharer in any theological con- troversies, as we can seo very little good results from thcin. Wo conclude with the following extract from a letter in the Bridport News, headed-Tract ariunisin : Its Dogmas and Prac- tice i " Among the ' germs ' which twenty years ago had only just begun to sprout, was TIIE woitsliiP OP THE VinoiN. At first mon were dreadfully shocked by it, and rogardod it as horrid idolatry ; but by the crafty and insidious introduction of hymnals containing popish lan- guage into tho service of the church, and the constant assuranco of thoso in authority that it gave beauty and hormony to the worship of Almighty God, peo- ple gradually became accustomed to tho blending of Mary's name with that of the Redeemer, till the offoring of divine honors to her insensibly crept upon thom, and propared the way, not only for tho celebration of ' Fes- tivals for the Blessed Virgin Mary,' but for Iho hymn-O Gr.on.i03A ViEGiNir/ir : 1 0 Virgin, glorious ! Abovo all Virgins blest ; Thine own Creator, Thou Didst nourish at tby breast,' ka. After this, we have an address to the Virgin 1 Thou art happy, O Holy Virgin Mary ! And most worthy of all praise,' Sec. Again, ' Making mention of t])e most holy, pure, highly blessed MOTHEB OP GOD, ever Virgin, with all saints,' <fcc. Tho people aro actually called upon by these idoUtrous Trac tarians, ioho violate the law of tlie second commandment to ' Thank God for all the grnco ho bestowed upon His MOST HOLY VIBQIN MOTHEE, and are taught to pray that they may be like her in perfect following of Christ, especially in her spotless purity.' "* _N. W. W. * Seo the Little Trayer Book, p. 51-52, PRINCE LEOPOLD is deputed by her Majesty to invest his Serene Highness the 'Duke of Hesse with the Order of the Garter. THE Right Hon.W. Hutt, M.P.,Vice-Prcsidcnt of the Board of Trade, will shortly leave on a mission to Vitana, with inslfucjicns to nego- tiate a treaty of commerce. 