ORIGINAL POETRY. SEANCE A LA MESSIEURS DAVENPORT. INTERVIEW WITH THE SOUL OF A TOUGH BEEFSTEAK. Incantation.—Goblin music by the cook scrubbing a tinpan in the kitchen. O! bovine ghost of boiled and roast I summon thee, arise! Lo here I toil with weary jaws— Void stomach—tearful eyes. Come forth, fell sprite, and vindicate Thine earthly, tough disguise— In the solemn name of a truss of hay Again, I say, arise! Resolve this tangled leathery web I tug despairingly; For I must eat the fearful morsel By that villain cook's decree. Alas! thy flesh is cruel fare, Yet will I say for thee It gives the very best of wear, O, Bullock! O, Bullocky! * * * * * The shadow form of a snaily horn Now flitted slowly by, And a mournful voice crept to my ear Between a groan and sigh. RESPONSE. My name was Nob, 'tis nineteen years Since first I saw the sun; With wrongs and pains, and toils and fears Of whips and hunger, blows and sneers-- Through glue-pot swamps, o'er breakneck tiers, My earthly course was run. My owner cut and branded me In calfhood's careless hours, And taught me soon that yoking-up Had spirit-breaking powers; Ah! memory holds the record of Full many a curse and blow My reckless, cruel master gave— They call'd the wretch "Flash Joe." Smart lads would write whip-alphabets On my devoted skin; And smiling Christians saw the deed But seldom call'd it sin; Through toilsome days and hungry nights Too oft, alas, I've gone, Chewing imaginary cuds, For real ones I had none. Through grades of pain promotion came "Near Poler" they made me, When Joe's sharp whip-stick sought my ribs In doubtful pleasantry; With toppling loads o'er slippery steeps I found the fact to be, That honors of superior rank Sometimes hang heavily. At length when friendly pleuro came And caught me on tho sly, My tender master butchered me For fear that I should die; And now my flesh gluts thankless maws Like thine ingrate and vile, Cool cannibals while eating me Abuse me all the while. A lovely cook-maid gained my heart For six-pence as it hung, I was very dear to her she said, And I believe her, for she had The remnant of my lung; My blood they made black puddings of The miller grinds my bone, My hide must bear more beating yet Upon some base lap-stone. But ah! unkindest cut of all That wrings the wildest wail, For some fastidious epicure They even boiled to soup my poor Inoculated tail; Avenging memory, canst thou, With speechless horror arch his brow, And make his gills grow pale. * * * * Those recollections harrow me, I may not tell thee more; But marvel not my flesh is hard, With knotted fibres clinched and barred By many a callous sore. Go ask creedmongers, learned and wise, If they can answer thee, For needless pains and cruel wrongs, Who shall atone to me. * * * * The snaily-horn toss'd threateningly, One bellow shook the room A ghostly tail swung like a flail, Then melted into gloom. SAGITTARIUS. Goolwa, January 21, 1865. 