. "Thptot d»j. Xoo tros to W^opd." CO TBB SDIXOK Of CHE ACgTBAUaiUT. Sir,—Burning srith the desire of being one of the first to whet the appetites of my brethren of the eegle, by sending you in en account of a good day among the bream and mullet, I fumed one of a party of three last Nfaeki It wasjnstsnch a day to inspire hope aithls early part of the season—clear, fresh, and warm, the water a trifle thick after the ] rain, but getting clearer as we got lower down stream. Chartering a ewift and roomy whale boat, we were soon under weigh. The olfac tory nerves of a Yarra fisherman should be very blunt, or if he oonld dispense with that article termed a nose it would be all the better; for what with gae works and tar works, works of tallow end works of glue, dead pigs, live pigs, and piggeries without end, the Yarra j is polluted to that degree between M'Callum's Ferry and Humbug Beach that were it not for the tidal flow its waters would be fatal to «"'"i«l life, and I think it extremely probable that the Chemical refuse which finds its way to the stream has a good deal to do with the scarcity of fish. However, ire were not long in leaving the stinks behind us; and anchoring in a likely spot, rendered famous by the former exploits of those well-known enemies to the bream, Messrs. Walton and Marshall, we were soon at work. To sit for an hour or so, watching the point of one's rod, expecting that peculiar sharp jerk which tells you there is something going on below in accordance with your wishes, is what we should term, poetically speaking, the pleasures of hope, and it is astonishing how last the time goes by while yon are wrapt up in this delightful sen sation, or hallucination, as it may be. There is no mistaking a good-sized bream when he means it; and ii he should happen to be a boomer, rather larkily inclined, your red goes such a rattle, while you are perhaps dozing a little, that a thrill runs from the ends of | your hair to the tips of your toes when you find that at last you are " fast." And don't Master Bream die game—don't he show his silvery sides and then dart off again with a rush, bending your rod like a reed- This is all very well when you realise it, and when you land your prize kicking gamely to the last, and find you have a plump two-pounder in your basket; that's sport indeed! But when you don't, my friend,—ay, there's the rub. When you live in hope, hope, hope, all day, your rod motionless, your line untried; when you hive smoked no end of pipes, drank all your grog and beer, asked your mates for the hundredth time "Got a bite?"— knowing as well as they do that they've not; looked at your watch as the hours speed along, and the shadows grow longer and longer; and tried to account for your want of luck in every possible way,—when you have done all this, you begin to think that old Johnson was about right when he spoke so disparagingly of anglers. You have tried a shrimp ana a worm all day at the one end of yoar line, and you involuntarily are led to agree with the blunt-spoken doctor, that the individual at the other end is " sometimes " made a fool of And we three, Mr. Editor, were made fools ' of. We "up anchor" a dozen times—we j tried all manner of spots, and found Humbug I Beach true to its nomenclature; we anchored at Footscray, and again at tho railway bridge; saw trains pus and repass; thought how if j one came toppling over the embankment through the carelessness of the platelayers there at work, to whom Government is so | much in arrears for pay, wliat a smash there would be into the river, right on top of os; wondered also if that railway bridge would ever give way, and tried to discern the least inflection as the ponderous train went over it; saw a lot of other " fools " under the bridge watching their lines and rods, and rejoiced that we had tome brethren in mis fortune ; finally, at three p.m., composed my self in the bottom of the boat, in the fall glare of the warm sun, cosy and snug, and became totally oblivious of all piscatory disap pointments and comparatively happy. And 60 time rolled on—not a bite, not a nibble— hour after hour, waiting for the turn of the tide, which turned and turned again and brought no fish, no luck. Cp anchor and homewards again at last, to have one more try where, if there are any fish 'in the river, they must be; and, lo!—glorious wind-up!—at five p.m. a bite at last; haul in, and what think you? A trout, by Jove!—a fine little fellow of two inches in length. Think of that for the first day of the season, note it well—the 81st day of August, 1865. Fray give my compliments to "Mr. Pike;" and, on the grand principle of "telling truth and shaming the d 1," and myself in the bargain, this is a full, true, and particular account of what befell mv friends and vour obedient servant, IZAAK'S GHOST. P.8.—Some fine bream, over 21b. weight, were taken on the Saturday, at Greenwich. Comment on this fact ia unnecessary: we were duffer*. 