"NAMING A MEMBER." "IF the member for Creswick persisted in his conduct, he (the Speaker) would call upon him by name." \- Ani what on parth would happen then ? the reaQer of the daily papers oi TTcantsaaj last may. perhaps feel inclined to enquire. Supposing the Speaker bad actually callod Mr Frszar by name, what would have hap pened 1 Sir Francis Murphy said, " the usual consequences must then follow;" but what would those consequences have been ? The same question-what would happen then ? was, we all remember, put some years ago, when a dignitary of the Church of England was told that if he did noc do something or other in the inducting way (it was connected with the affairs of a seo which need not now be mentioned) to which ho was invited in the usual course by Lord John Russell, lie would incur the penalties of the statute of prammire. These things have a very awful sound with them. Tho gentleman who had in vain tried to keep off poachers by writing up "Man traps and spring-guns sot in these grounds," succeeded in frightening away the bumpkin trespasera when he put up the terrific an announcement - " Polyphlosboiozesasseesde. testhalassees set in theso grounds." A man must, surely, stand in great peril who is threatened with tho penalties of pramunire; or with being named by the Speaker. What is it th*t happens, or ought to happen, in the latter case ? We really cannot say. We do not find much light thrown upon the subject in Mr May's book on parliamentary practice: and; the fact must be confessed, there is not much logic, or necessary consequence of any kind, in the ordinary public proceedings of the enlightened Englishman. In .1 good many cases, it seems, that the "named" member gets taken into custody by tho Serjrant-at Arms-who, for aught we know, conducts the culprit to a cellar, chains him to a stone, and leaves him with a jug of water, a Btale loaf, and a pamphlet of an instructive character. But we cannot (we repeat) discover that there is any logic in the process of "naming " a member. There may, or may not be: but there is certainly a peculiar significance about it; which we shall proceed to disclose. " If the honourable member persists, I shall name him," eoundsas idly in modern ears as if the Speaker said, " If the honourable member persists, I shall sneezebut in the ears of an ancient Scandinavian, it would have been ominous. It was a most religious belief of the Northman that if the name of a fighting warrior were spoken out loud, his strength would immediately depart from him In various places and ages, something of crypiical might and meaning has, in the minds of the people, been attached to name*. The Furies in Greece and Rome; the Fairies in our own island (and elsewhere); the bear among the Finns and Lapps ; the cat and the weasel in Britanny, are all instances of real or uureal brings whose names it is, or was once, unlucky to utter aloud. Let us now, stopping at the bare facts, make some slight attempt to think out the reason of thtin. "With ourselves, a name is a mere affair of the Post Office Directory; an arbitrary matter; an accident of the person to whom it is at tached-so much an accident, that it may be changed at will as many times as the person chooses. Butitisconceivable that in days when the name was really descriptive (and only in dicative in virtue of being so)-was absolutely representative of the man or creature to whom it belonged-it might be felt to have a vital, organic relation to him; to be essential-i. o., to be of essence, or esse-like his ghost, wraith, or double. Now this would be particularly the case with any being to whom was attri buted occult virtue or force of any kind force who3e basis or scope was not entirely known or understood. A pod, for {-sample, would have a name which was, perhaps, pro nounced nut at all, or only by selected persons on state occasions. But why only by selected persons on state occasions ? Because to pronounce the Name -a thing so essential and so intimate-was like stripping naked the being to whom it be longed ; like tearing down the curtains, or breaking thrqugh the cloud byforce, or renting the veil which covered the face ;-uucovering or dishonoring the possessor of the name by a disrespectful exposure : " .Not to unveil before the gaze Of an imperfect sympathy In auirht we are, is the sweet praise And the main sum of modesty" and conversely, not rudely to compel another to unveil "is ibe sweet praise aud the main sum of" reverence. Now, in the rudest times, a successful warrior was an actual god. Not only 60, but, of course, any man engaged in combat might be a god ; that is to say, he stood, while the fight was undecided, for an unknown quantity of force. Supposing his Name, then, known anjong his contempora ries, to have on essential personal significance about it, to contain, as it were, the secret or wraith of his strength-it would not bo fortu nate for him to have it uncovered lightly; and, above all, read in the presence of the man who of all the world, was in the least " sym pathy" with him, namely, his enemy. We havo now got these points-1. It was .unlucky to speak out aloud the name of a com batant. .2. A name was once supposed to be of the essence of the man, and to have a cryptical power in it. 3. Tradition kept up the idea of the value (validity, force) of a name, even after it had become more or less an arbitrary thing. Among the vulgar, rem nants .of the half-superftiiious feeling indi cated may Btill be occasionally traced by persons who (by faithfulness to impressions, and by resisting temptations to tyrannise over the minds of others) have kept their minds "sensitive " to whatever image may be thrown upon them. And ttvo more observations will complete the little cluin of suggestion which we have ventured to forge : 1, A member of Parliament, being engaged in a debate is a combatant. 2. He ha*, as a representative, a veiled, cryptical, impersonal character. In virtue of that character, the honorable member for the enlightened borough of Snobville is always Bpoken of as "the honorable member for Snobville," and not by hii real of Jobling. In virtue of the same character he enjoys (or enjoyed until lately, for the law may be al tered ;) a Fort of " coverture" (to use the old word applied to married women), which for bids arrest for debt. But what would it be to name him ? The mind recoils at the thought 1 It would be pitcmunire-it would be polyphlosboiozssasseesdetesthalassees 1 It would be to strip him of hiB armour: to take away his sword and buckler: to place him on the same footing of d-fencel-ssness as John Doe and Richard Roe; to change him from an honourable, unnamed warrior into an ignominiously designated Jobling, with not nn unknown quantity about him 1 Is there, however, anything far-fetched in deriving a practice of the modern House of Commons from an old Scandinavian custom ? No. On the contrary, the more one reads and thinks about tho ways of the Northmen, the more one is startled with the familiar faces of modern usages-sometimes with translated (seldom directly varied) features, but always with exactly the same meanings. An account of an Althing debate, Speaker and all, reads just like a bit of Times during the session of Parliament. Some of the most striking of the illustrations . which wo might quote, our readers would, perhaps, hardly thank us for-they would, wo can conceive, rather not have forced upon them the substantial identi'yof things which thsy very much admire with things tbey would not ad mire at ull; and as we cannot here demon s'.rate the historic law which, once appre hended, would diminish their annoyance, we will spare their feelinas. But we will, never theless, venture to ask " muscular " readers (if we have any) if they cannot call to mind having read in their newspapers, or ? at lrast having seen in their newspapers, a few years ago, a^ repulsive story of a "ring," which ended in a manner eminently calculated to re mind ono of something which is told in Eigil's Saga-namely, that Queen Gunhilda, when she was afraid the Thing was going to giye a verdict against her, secretly instructed one of her train to cut the sacrcd cords which bound together the hazel-twigs that formed the doom-ring, and so put an end to the nro ceedinga ? \- [Slightly altered from Qood Words.] At a recent meeting of a parish, a strait laced and wo.st exemplary curate submitted a report in writing of the'destitute widows and others who stood in need of assistance from the parish, " Are you euro, reverend sir," asked another solemn brother, "thatyou have embraced all the widows ?" He said he be lieved he 