. LOCAL AND COLONIAL INTELLIGENCE. ' ' Ine "FEAST,OF .LEEKS,"-On Wednoidny,lost,our " nnuuul commemoration" of St. Daoid- took vpluco in tho magnificent Cambrian Hull- ut.Ko, 226 Castlereagh slroot," tho solemnities being. characterised by that splendour which has always rendered ' thom so deeply impressive; and so eminently popular. Oír this occasion, ; however, for particular reasons, tho invitations wore limited to one thousand, for-which number covers were laid in the great bnuquetting hall, which presented a> pccna.of fairy-liku cnchnntinont that astonished'and da lighted all who had tho privilegO;of witnessing it...?.-.Pre- cisely at noon, James Murphy, Esq., .T.P., President of i.ho Cumin-inn Lodge, arrived, .attended.by the-Great Ofllcers of tho Order, and was received with tho iwuul forninlilics at thc grund enfruiice, ut which was statioiiuil a guard of honour, composed of tho A. Division of tho Royal Pedestrian Blues, under.tho command of Deputy Sub- Inspector General Halon. On reaching the superb Itali, tho President, who looked " as frenh tts pnint," was rccoived by the coinpanyjin a perpendicular position, tho " Veritable und Aboriginal Welsh Minstrels') -play ing the ovurturo to Gastronome's Opera serin, " Tho Tightener." Tho customary compliments of tho day having been duly exchanged, und tho usual parliamentary potutious having boen dono ample justice to, the boom- ing of tho "two Russian guns," politely lent by tho City Council for tho occasion, and placed under tho command of Captain Raphael, R. A., uniiounced the approaching conflict of kui tb and fork. A prandial procession wus formed, and the guests headed by tho President, inarched to tho baltlo Held, tho band playing the " Glutton's Galop." All being seated, g ru co was said .in tho Welsh language by the "Father of the Chapel" in a most impressive manner, and tho. .sports commenced. . Tho banquet, os a mattoe oT courso, was composed of " Welsh rabbits", and " Sfurch. hares"-tho former from our own " wurroit," mid tho latter from tho preserves of Lord Campbell iib Tarban. Tho onslaught was appalling, and the " rabbits". and " hares" chased with u courage and activity which, if adopted in hunting bushrangers, would sppedily- clear thu country of thoso voracious vermin Tho struggle was a long and furious ono; but at length thu tightened waist-coats of tho warriors indicated tho necessity of granting au armistice, and peuce was subsequently pro-' claimed, to tho groat joy of tho waiters, who (poor devils) wero literally "run oK their legs" in attending to tho multifarious wants of tho " sons of David." - Tho carousal that followed was a glorious one; tho noble hull resounded with shouts of boisterous merriment-corks (lew in ull directions, and songs wero chorussed with tv roar," compared with which tho most deafening dibits of Bondi Bench aro but thu mero "sighing* of a lover's lute." Nothing could bo moro magnificent than thc onthusiasin displayed by tho President when exclaiming, " Charge, boys, charge, and druin a sparkling bumper in honor of tho fearlobs champion of civil and religious liborty, social convivially, and tho rights of lovely women-Butt's LIKE." HOW the President's appeal was rcspondod to wo need not mention j it was a " per- fect ovation," and our reply, u masterpiece of eloquenco Hm!-. Vinllloj flin nlmlltnak nltnnint. nf \- v w.-.- ...... B«.ö..v.ov -ul/ ul-auripilUU. -1110 storm of harmony and humour raged with' unabated violonco until tho solemn midnight hour, when a,culm ensued, and tho "jolly good follows" singing " Wo wont gb homo till morning" with tears in their oyes, unxleudij/ tiled off for "home, sweet homo," and Custleroagh-street was left to solitude. THE BENEFIT or UEIXO PROVIDENT.-Tho members of that " model" Society, "Tho Mutual Provident," liavo no particular reasons for rubbing their hands mut sing- ing,. " O, bo joyful," at tho result of their bixlccnth an- niversary festival, held 6u Monday last,' seeing that' it ended in a " broczo" by no means agreeable. Tho Sec- retary having road tho "Report" with marked'emphasis, and a becoming respect for its punctuation that was highly "and deservedly applauded, tho worthy Chairman moved its adoption in a spepoh of superlativo sagacity, in tho courso ot which ho'declared tho Society to bo "ono of tho most remarkable-in-tho world," a compliment which.was received with '.' prolonged cheer- ing." Tho Chairman's eloquence being exhausted, " Venorablo Thomas" followed suit, seconding tho adop- tion with great vigour and effect, nnd noticing as a singular fact that every " Report" of this Society was ulways far "more louder'and moro swecter" than its predecessor-a. grand chorus, of. cheers followed this 'announcement, and tho " Venerable'* wont on to e'uloglzo tho "deferred annuity broncIi," to which ho would liko to seo moro members hanging than there wcro ot pre- sent. (Great sensation). So far, "all wont merry as our weekly bell," and Thoso Provident mon wcro blithe and gay, Keeping thoir anniversary day. ." " Suddenly, however, " do ürmotiy ob de*móet'in" wa? dis* turbod by a terrine explosion "from a'piece'of hoavy clerical or I ofllcors of tho Society-"a poor man 'with n thousand a I year"-who being troubled with a private " deficit," was I kindly " accommodated" by somebody" else connected with this'"'most remnrkablo" institution, with a bottle of " Ward's Infallible Extract of Mint," which speedily effected a "perfect cure," lo which an apropos "mo of sorew" was very useful in contributing. This " little matter1' caused tho putting of fevernl vory " inconveni- ent" questions, an animated uproar, tho rejection' of tho *. Report," and thu adjournment of tho festivities for a month. ? Tho scono was altogether a most oxoiting one, and rominded us of tho "Provident" furore created in Melbourne not very long silica j and altogether rocidlrd pleasant 'reminiscences of tho "good bid "days" when tho Directors of a then existing bunk used to hold con- vivial meetings, and good-uaturedly " discount" each other's bits of "rag"-and to stich on extent'was'tho amusing " little gumo" played, that at last, as poor old Joekoy Solomon expressed it, thoro " was-no^m in tho bank"--tho"' shareholders wcro nicely" " cooked,"-« " monstor smash" followed, ond a vast amount of addi- tional -labour imposed on tho Insblvont" Court. We shall defor suspending ourselves to tho" " deferred an- nuity bronchi' till we seo "which way tho'cat jumps!" O un Civio " DEFEKOKS."-With ii spirit highly creditable to his " patriotism," Alderman Rnpbuel-who so ably backed tho " Tron Dnko" at tho lato CHcbo elec- tion-put a question to tho I last, tho oflbct of whioh will bo to-placo oiir Municipal "défonces" on a footing that will remove' nil 'apprehen- sion of any : serious danger, whenever' tho "eucinï' graces tho list of our " fashionable arrivals." . Withs countenanco glowing with martini fire,' the-worthy Al- derman "desired toknow Whether it' was not desirable to have two guns takon from tho Russians, find presented to tho city ofSydtteyi'éreoted in somo public place, in- stead bf allowing thom to; Ho in; thb store ?" : (Loud cheers). His íordship,. who, appeared. considerably Bturtlod nt tho'warlike demeanour of tho 'Alderman, re- plied that. " tho guns might, bo erected for" tbo'siim of 2880 farthings,"1 which could bo "easily raised by issuing " Corporation debentures" for that, ntnount. , (Heir, hoar).' It' will,''doubtless, ;bo remembered that ot tho closo of tho Crimenn-.shirt War, some benevolent intii vid tulls in'England conceived and Carried out" tile-jihilttn thropio ideo of giving us "profeccioni"'by presenting tho citizens of Sydney ami thoir heirs for over with a braco of Muscovite " pocket pistols," taken from-the' far famed " Malakoff."-1 Tbesd 'aro thb' " guns" referred tb; by the gallant Alderman', and which, siheo" their arrivai'm Sydtíoy; liiiv'o1 boon allowed to enjoy an undisturbed re- pose iii tho Civic coal collar. Tbnnks, howovor, to .our heroic friend, whb "seeks the bubble reputation eveu to tho cannon's mouth," we may shortly expect' to" hear a very different report from these interesting A'elics ot Russinn " h'ospita!ity,".wiiich may yet do "good" Ret-vice, should'weVvor be favoured with au invasion ot ' fut cory ducks." Wo understand that, ofter mature COB- j i alarmed the " lamba" depasturing at tho Now Hebrides, in thargo of the " gentío shephords" whorejoico ¡ti black broadcloth and whito muslin. It seems that these 11 Reverend" dealers in Polynesian produce, claim a sort of'ioveroignty" ovor tho New Hebrides Group, which his Excellency of New Caledonia is not inclinod to rccogniso, and baa, in consequence, incurred tho direful wrath of Ihoto " Ministers of peace," whose Sydney agonts aro hanking about, for signature, a " memorial"' to Sir John Young, modestly requesting his Excellenoy to order the Bight Hon. the Secretary of State for tho Colonies, to forbid any European Powper, especially the French, at- tempting to form settlomohts, or iii any other way disturb the blissful tranquility at present enjoyed by tho "Clerical. Coca-nut Oil Company." As tho matter is of most serious importance, affecting ns it does the mantainanco of our peaceful relations wit h all tho Powers of tho Globe, wo would firmly, but respectfully, advise his Excellenoy when ho reeoivos tho " Memorial," in order to-secure immediate attention for ita prayer, not to trans- mit il to the Secretary of State, who might only laugh at ft, but forward it direct to tho Lords of the Most íjíonorablo Pring Council. . Is MEMOBIAM.-A gracoful tributo of filial affootion to the memory of his lato father has just been paid by tho Honourable James Martin, who has orccted over his glare in the'Cemetery at Parramatta, a very handsome monument, composod of a moitsiro pedestal surmounted byan elaborately sculptured funeral urn, executed by Ur W. McGill in his usual stylo of cxcellonco from a modi- fied design of the great Canova. As a colonial work Of art this monumont merits particular notice, as an evi- dence of tho sculptor's genius and taste.' A long porsonal acquaiutanco with tho late Mr Martin affords us tho pleasure of remarking that tho father was in every way as worthy of this token of filial affection,, as tho tribute itself is honourable to the heurt and feelings of tho son. EDIIOBIAII ETIQUETTE.--A .grave insinuation of a breach of editorial etiquette having been levelled at tho Dispatch by tho sporting journal of tho metropolis, .wo must perforce remark that wo aro totally in tho dark as to the origin of tho disagremens. Wo can only observe' that when wo do find anything "original" in tho columns of o contemporary, we are too ready to porform tho act of courtesy of acknowledging tho matter wo transcribe, although tho contents of many, gonerally consisting of a jumbled recAa«/fa of tho witticisms of JPimeA and of Fun, of tho whey of tho London Journal^ and of tho froth of Reynold's Miscellany, renders it exceedingly difficult to «aparate " tho whoat from tho chaff."-Braidwood Dis yatch, Marchi.-[Our remarks had reference to our items of turf nows, which appeared in tho local column of tho Dispatch, without acknowledgement.-EDS. B.L.S.] . ? PEIISOHATION.-Mr Thomas Holt, of Cook's River, appeared nt tho G.P.O. on Wednesday, on the informa- tion of Mr D. C. Dalgloish, charged with having, at the recent election at tho Globe, personated nnd voted in tho nauio of Robert Holt. The case excited n good deal of interest. Captain Scott, tbe Police Magistrate, adjudi- cated. Mr Roberts appeared for the dofonco, and Mr Driver for the prosecution. A considorablo amount of evidence was taken, and the case was then adjourned till Wednosday next, to allow of tho production of certain documents which it scorns woro not attainable until the reassembling of Parliament.- . ' THE líüsniíANanus.-It is ascertained that on Friday 'aidoration, the " Défonce Oommittoe" of the City Coun- cil has wiaoly determined to ereot tho ''two guns" on tho battlements of the "Edinburgh Castle," and " hang out their banners on the outward walls" of tho Civio citadel in Wynyard-sqitare! "..".." Or/B "RELATIONS WITH FRANOB.-Corta in " saints'' morning Gilbert and Dunn called at tho houso of a fermer named Purcell, living about n milo and a half from Byrnes's nt Muttbilly whore tho affray with the police occurred. They took two horses, saying that they were chased for their livos and must have them. Hall was not with thora-afoot which tends to confirm I lie opinion of tho police that ho was wounded in tho en- counter. It was roportcd that tho bushrangers wore teen at Tarlo on Monday morning; but this hos not been confirmed. On Suturdny a man in tho employ ol' Mr Lodge, whilo out after a horse, came across a quan- tity of letters in tho bush. Ho gavo information, and Captain Zouch proceeded to tho spot, whore ho re- covered as many lottors as wore sufficient to half fill a tlireo-bushol bag and drafts and cheques to tho val no of about £7600. Tho placo where those wore found is about a milo and a half from Bymos's.-Goulburn Herald, March 1st. ConruLENCE.-Tho following letter on this subject appeared in tho Lancet of November last :-A few words, to prevent the impending evils of Buntingism, moy servo to aid your laudablo endeavours to set bounds to a folly which, it is likely, will havo many followers to their fatal cost. We oro too well oworo of tho dangers arising from a restricted dietary not to desiro_ to guard persons against its adoption. Tho vast variety of viands supplied by a bountiful Providence seems cuential to tho perfect development of tho faculties of mind and body; under a restricted diot, either one or the others becomes impaired. Tho question in casca of obesity is a question rather of quantity than of quality. Keep your mouth shut and yours eyes open ; or, in other words, oat, drink, aud Bleep less, and use more exercise as the ability for exertion increases, soon a reduction of fat will bo effectod, in confirmation of Bantingism. I may mention tho caso of a former Irish U.V., ono of tho fattest, moat unwioldy pstionts I ovor liBf), whose only bovorago was toast-water sweotenod to a syrup ; but ho was most self-indulgent in every other respect; and of a very fat lady, who sucked swoots almost night and day, " wherein waa excess i"-«a quid «¡mis. Tns WATBB AT SARATOGA SPIIINCS.-I took a glass. What was it like? Well, lot mo see. Say haifa pint of very email beer, brewed during a thunderstorm at Brentford, anil retained for an untisnl period in a chandler's shop in Seven Dials, whero the trade wasn't brisk, and the red-herrings and tho pitchy fire blazers woro kept on tho top of the cask ; then diluted with the water in which cabbages had been boiled, and the drippings of a gingham umbrella, bought second-hand in Vinegar-yard on a very wet November day ; then sont to- sea, aud allowed to run freely down the loo scuppers; then carefully collected in a hog-tub, racked through a cask of turpentine (that came over in a ship otherwise laden with guano and Monte Videan hides, with the horns andhoofs on) mingled with tho *cfiiBe of a dyeworks, filtered through a gnspipo to make it Bwect and clean, just freshened up to give it a head-with nsnfotida and jalap, and well stirred up with a brass candlestick far gono in verdigris. This may give yon an imperfect idea of what the water of my first and last spring in Saratoga was like.-My Note Book. How A " COPrBBHEAD" WAS 8IIAVBD.-The Phils, dclphia North American tolls the following story :-" A well-known frequenter of Third-street- stopped yesterdaj in a barber's shop close to tho North American building, sat in a shaving chair, drew a newspaper from his pocket, and instructed tho knight of the razor to take off his beard. Tho harbor waa an African. He simply replied, * Yes, boss,' and producod liff implements. Tho customer sat down.- Ho wai duly shaved. Hts face was wiped' and he arose donned his coat and hat. 'How much?' ho asked in a dolorous voice, OB ho adjusted his shirt collar ' Fit teen cents, boss.' ' Why, I thought you shaved for tei cents at this shop.* ' Dat ar's do averago, sah,' wa« tin reply. « Ten cents is do price of a shavo in dis yor shop You como in hore, salt, and road do nows of Sheridan'; victory, and your fuco got about six indies longer dm when you como in. If your faco was like it was bofon you read dat yar nows ton cents was tho prijo. Whei you commenced to read about tho defeat of Early dei your faco stretched down aboui four inches. Dut's you mates it wurf iltoon conts for der shavo." Tho customo could'nt restrain a grin, though ho was a Copperhead md tho hit at him was made by a ' niger.' Ho laid dowi tho fee and walked out. He was ono of thoso gontlomoi who go their length lipon M'liollan, ond who, of course ihuddor nt every victory to tho Union arms. As ELKOTBIO TfiiEonAPn WITHOUT WIBBB.-Es periments aro now in progress, both in Mont Valerio and VinconnoB, for tho purposo of testing p. now systot of electric telegraphy, inventod by M. Armant Douai who, it is said, has found means to do away with olec trie wiro altogether, and trausmit despatches by tho sol action of tho earth, A zino and copper pluto, bent i ipmdlc-like Bhapp, aro buriod in tho'ground, with tlioi convexity turnod in tho direction in whioh tho dospato . u to bo sent.-Galiynani, j _ HOLMWAT'S OINTMENT.-Soundness ronowed.-An ' indolont or ohronio sore should immediately havo th: excellent unguent applied to it in tho manner pointe out in ¡ts accompanying directions. For thorough] cleansing a diseased or broken skin, and for rousing il poisouod vessels or depressed norvos to healthy actioi notuing oan surpaBS Holloway's woll-known Ointmon tt atnkingly showB ita power when applied to tho " ol m<"' » ulcer," whioh Bottles in tho log, and ¿¡fien become wont intractable under tho ordinary treatment, thoug no caso lins yet withatood this cooling and healing BBIV .ene troublesome swellings preparatory to ínoát uloon «iona of the legs aro.llkowiso reduced by the diligent at Jiucattons of Holloway's unguent, by giving strongth I lue WBokenod circulation through tho cupillal-ios. ' Poon PIEOARLTOK !-In The Ttm«* appears an adver- tisement from Profossor Holloway, calling for a supply of 50,000 gross of pill-boxes. The Professor evidently | does not mean this for a pu(T. It is a bona Ado adver tianniont. But just think, 50,000 gross- soven million and odd boxes, and if each box hos only u dozen of pills, eighty or ninety million of pills, all of whioh oro to pass into human stomachs. It is awful.-London Letter. SiNonr.Ait " CASUALTIES."-In tho report of the Im- migration Agent, which is published' iu tho Adelaide ? Observer of tho 20th ultimo, it is stated that ono douth and two births wero tho only casualties which oocurred on board tho BoclüT immigrant ship, during her voyage from'England. Mn GoTDEit's VALUATIONS.-Tho whole of tho runs com- prised iu the first batch gazetted (54 in number) have been taken up by lessees nt Goydor's rentals, i>nd likew'iso somein the second batch, gazetted on the 9th instant In nil theso cases tho lessees havo proved-we do not say thoir willingness to pay Goyder's rentals-but wc do say their readiness to pay them. Of conreo, they would rather poy less ; hut they would rather pay tho now rent thou give up the 'nins. So emigration to Queensland, min and confiscation, insolvency, and tho other horrors con- jured up to frighten tho public into throwing tho valuations overboard. .-.As wc told our readers it would he, so it has happened. The runs will bo taken np nt Goydcr's val- uations. But t hero aro letters of protest from all quarters, and we again warn thc public tant if parliament will allow the question to bore-opened, everything that is pained will be endangered, and much will bolost. . Let candidates bo pledged to oppose any and every attempt to rc-opcn the question, whother by arbitration references, a la Wal- ter Smith (ns suggested by Mr. Magarey.), or by selecl committees of Parliament, ns suggested by Mr 'Bcynolds and others. The squatters are taking up their now leasei rapidly at the new'rentals, and tho public should, abso- lutely refuse any reconsideration of the subject. If titi lessees could not pay tho rent they would not apply foi renewed leases.-South Australian Advertiser.' A FEMALE TBIVELLER.-A woman named Caroline Wexford wus taken into custody on Saturday oveninf last for using profane language in tho publie street ant on Tuesday was brought boforo tho bench and ?-reloasot from custody, the presiding magistrate conBidcrini» tba tho unfortunate woman had already sufFerod suflloien punishment for her offence. Her oppcuranco was tho of a woman proparcd for all occasions, and to meet, an; amount of diOlculties with a more masculino spirit thai is -usually found.in " lovely-woman." Hor face wa bronzod from long exposure'to all weathers, and ho çait indicated that she - was not unaccustomed t podostrianism. Tho dress she woro was rather eccentric butin this motter fashion and taste aro oil. powerful Wo might take excoption to the Btyle, partaking as it di of a boldness not Btrictly feminine Her hands wer neatly encased in purple-coloured kid. gloves. Fror onquirios we mado wo found that this extraordinär, being dovotoB tho greater port of hor timo to travoltin on foot between Sydnoy and Melbourne ; so soon os sh ariivos in ono city slio immediately.- Btorts off for th other. If her movements are not very rapid, they hay tho quality of regularity, and we aro told that 'hor oj pcarance at certain places is as punctual as the rocui ronco of tho seasons. It is said that, hor upper wort are slightly disordered, and wo should think so ¡ otho! wiso hor manner and appearance must be charged to tl; account of excessive ccoontrioity.-Yass Courier. A REAL LIVE GHOST.-Wo oro indobtod to a genth man, who desires IIB to conceal Iiis name for tho preson for tho following remarkable story, it having boen h bona fide experience on tho night of Tuesday last, dm ing tho provalbnco of tho storm. . As ho is well know ond respected for sobriety and voracity, it must not I thought that it was oithor a drunkon hallucination or liiifnfnonil mnnrliinitv. TTn lind boon Ollf-ni-cd Ulltil a lal hour over sundry lodger accounts (ho is a commercial mau), and ic was not until tho clock struck ono, that' ha was reminded that nn anxious wifo awaitod him, whose invariable and conjugal rulo was novor to retire until her husband rcturnod. Closing his ledger, ho locked tho patent safe, and extinguished tho light provious to making his exit. Ho closed tho back office, and was in tho act of unlocking tho front door to leave, when ho bethought himself of a memorandum which ho had loft bohind him. Entering tho baok oQlco again, ho stood aghast and transfixod nt a sight which appalled evory sense, and rendorod tho strong man as helpless OB a ohild. There, through a dim ethereal phosphores- cent haze, seated iu tho very chair ho had- just va- cated- motionless, ghastly, melancholy-transparent and absorbed, was a figuro" not of this'world,- with nfaec Uko tho face of the dead, and its w-holo attention seem- ingly devoted to tho lodger, which was open before it. Immediately behind tho apparition was tho iron safo, which our informant is positivo in having locked, and .this was also open I Ho describes his feelings on tho occasion to have bean horriblo iii tho oxtremo, and . to uso his own words, English phraseology does not in- clude laugtiago sufficiently impressive to oxplttin tho in- tonso torturo crowded into tho brief space of a fow minutos. Ho essayed to speak-ho was dumb. Ho endeavoured.to turn from the npurtment, but had no power to move ; ho sought to distract his own nttontion by closing his eyes and shutting out tho fearful vision; but every norvo and muscio seemed paralysed, and ho wus no longer a freo agont. Gradually the .apartment grow iritensoly luminous, and stars and spangles of ex- ceeding beauty flitted hither and thithor, without noise, but with Booming order and regularity. Our friend says that could tho scono have boen transferred to the boards of a thcatro, and introduced in somo grand Spec- tacular pioce, it would havo realised a fortuna for tho happy manager in a very short timo. But tho torturo of a groat fear was upon him, for ho know himself to bo faco to faco with Borne dread presonoo which had no affinity with humanity. Tho light then gradually wnncd, and tho figuro, whioh, without an eíTbrt, roso from tho chair to u superhuman height, seemod gradually to be- come absorbed into tho subtle element which formed its atmosphere. Our informant, an athletic man, remembers no moro. - Tho exceeding tension of norve and sense could bear no moro, and ho; sank insensible to tho- floor. Upon returning consciousness holfonnd tho morry morn- ing'sunlight' flooding the opartmóht-^-overything''iñ its placo and order as ho left it-safo locked and ledger closed, but tho clock-an eight-day clock, whioh had boon wound up tho provious morning-had Btoppod at the hoar of one ! Tho story is a strange ono, and to somo of our roaders may appear incredible, but wo have- tho fullost reliance in tho honor and serious voraoity of the narrator. " Thoro are more things in heaven and earth than aro dreamt of in our philosophy."-Southampton Argus. A WESTERN OBITUARY.-Jem Bangs, wo aro sorry to stait, has deceased, He went 4th without any struggle, and such is Life. . Tu Day wo nro as pepper grass- mighty smart tn ntorrcr wo aro cut down like a cowcumbcr of tho ground. Jem kop a.niso store' which, his wife now wales on. His virchews wos numerous to behold. Many of things we bought at his growcery, and wo aro happy to stait to the admiring wurld that ho never cheated spesh ully in tho wato ofmnkrcl, which wos ntso nndsmelt sweet, ana his'survivnn wife is tho same wa. We'ncvor know him to put sand in his sugar, though ho had a big sand bar 'in front of his house, nor water his lackers, tho the Ohio river passed his doro. Piccolo his remains. Ho leaves 1 wife, 9 children, \ cow, 4 horses, a growcors stoar, and other quadrupeds to mourn his loss-but in the language of tho poit, his loss is their eternal gmn.~Ameriaau Xfews. . Meeting of the Hor^orticTütooralooral, Society Tito Horticultural Society ossombled in solomn con- clave at tho School bf Arts on Woduosday evening, and woro treated all round to glasses of castor oil hot,'which was pronounced to bo very nice-"of tho sort." Mr-Vor nou, tho generous donor, informed the meeting that they could have as much moro as they wanted. Mooting thnnkod him, but would not rob him for tho world.- Ho also showod somo couch grass taken out of an old mnt trasB, but assembled sapionco would not give a strata for it. Ho was highly oomplimontod for his Cynodon Dae tylon, loudly upplaudod for his Stenography Flabby um, and embraced all round for his ' Uhubarbus. Mr Gelding exhibited a green tito, whioh ho raised from a boiled pumpkin seed in n picklo bottle, and was ordorcd co go on and prosper. Tho beauty of tho nrticlo was thon discussed, and evorybody. ordered a groen tilo for his own privato woar. Mr Parcel laid a packet of Zinnias on tho table, and was roquostod not to let it occur again. . Mr Woofs Tomotos wore pronounced to be almost as dolicious in flavour as unripe quinces mixed with deal saw dust. Mr Ball produacda sucking " big oño.-oyer" which ho said ho'had nurtured with tito caro of a paront. Tho little darling WUB tenderly dandled by ovory member of tho society in turn, and unhesitatingly declared to bo tho " perfect imngo" af Count Alfrod de Mingo, though who that illustrious foroignor may bo when' lia is ' boiled, WOB ' not mada - clear. Mr Vicker drow a monster sword bean from ita scab- bard,.- and frightened everybody into (Its by mak- ing furious lunges at tho uugust body with it, and followed it up by knocking them all into a " cooked hat" with a Tieonia Telutinn, till Mr Snooks gavo him " ono on the nob" with a Jasminum Orandifloruin, and Mr Piper followed it up with a " Spornin" on the nose. Mr Henderson exhibited a cutting from Madame Phis Gui lensohuek, which appeared to.bo Butlering from a strong attack of its own name. Some lilliput dahlias,, a brob dignog cabbage, and a Ynhoo beetroot were laid on tho tablo, and then tho meeting almost went into hysterical raptures over a Lilioiim SilicunvLnnkifoodloum Album, rt was resolved tlmt.it'should be covered? with a stalo Umpire, to pr&ervo; tho binding. Mr Stephens then gavo a lesson in tho art ol' making melons, and a .long und »ne/W-choly discussion ensued.' Olio hon. member said if there was any ono thing"he believed in moro than another, it was strong mamiro mid plenty of it. Mr Wolf enid, " s-t-o-u-g-h"-stuff! A Molon preferred ".oold - water." Mr Somebody Elso said, " thon a melon must be uirass!" - Mr Purcell aouldn't undorstond ? why sour melons had a diffuront flavour to swoot onos. -Mr' Vernon said ho supposed it was becauso they had. Mr Parcel said, " Yes, that must bo tho reason." .' A long < and fruitless discussion took pince about saccharine seorotions acting on differential calculus. Everybody then swallowed a molon, and retired in a high state of internal satisfaction. 