SOCIAL.. ANOTHER Christmas has passed away since | the date of our last Summary ; and also, in common with tho rest of the world, we have commenced a New Year. Unsuitable as our climato is for the observance of Christmas in accordance with English custom, it is by no means made an excuso- for allowing that season to bo divested of tho festivities with which its name is associated. Instead of burning tho yulo log and sitting around tho cheerful fire, listening to ghost stories in tho ovening, and walking about during the day, clothed in tho thickest of tliick coats-in this colony every- one enjoys in the manner most attractive to himself the various excursions which enterprising caterers always provide. Racing takes tho place of skating, and pic-nics along tho banks o' tho rivers, under tho shelter of tho eucalypti, aro substituted for the old-fashioned dinner- parties of father-land. And in truth the enjoy, ment appears to be as great even to John Bull, who as a rulo dislikes any deviation from the customs of his ancestors ; and tho Christmas of Australia, with its sunshine and tropical heat, is as much welcomed by him as when clothed with tho garments of King Frost and snow. On tho Eve, our city presented a very pretty appearance, and hi the absence of holly, laurel, &c.;, colonial evergreens woro brought into requisition to assist in the ornameutatiou of the shops. December the 26th was a real holiday' one of thoso days, on which tho feeling of putting on ono sido all business is generally evinced by aU classes of the community, and it will bo seen from an account wo have published of tho various amusements, that tho day WBB right merrily spent by thousands of our citizens. New Year's Day did not suffer in its observ- ance from the festivities of the provious week ; in fact, the days which intervened were merely considered in the light of a period necessary for recovery from one-holiday before entering upon another. It is well for a colony'that circum- stances will permit it to indulge in an annual jollification, especially when that colony is in the tropics, and consequently wholesome relaxa- tion is more necessary to the well-being of all. Tho education agitation has, wo may with some truth say, received its quietus. 1 he two Bishops-Dr. Tufnell and Dr. Quinn-have at length discovered that oven their prelatical in- fluence is insufficient to upsot a principle cf education which bas, Bince its adoption by the Government, met with the approval of the ma JlC^y °f aU- denominations of religion. It is generally supposed that tho Anglican Bishop (Dr. Tufnell) regrets ^he course ho bas pursued ; that in fact he is sorry for having ridden his hobby too far. Thoro may be some truth in this, as oven now the reverend gentle- man is smarting from a most Bignnl defeat ho »ad his Roman Oatiiolie wwdjutor (Dr. Quinn) received at a meeting called by them-1 w (selvcs, on Saturday, tho 7th~inatr*Eiicou~rngouTit 'by'tlio recoipt'of an address, sign6d^ by a low (Working mon. tho purport of'which was an '' o'x-? pression of thanks to him for tho efforts ho had, malo in favor of "religious cduration based upon tho Holy Bible," Dr. Tufnoll no doubt anticipated for his opponents tho defoat ho him solf sustained. Ho has now loft tho colony en route for England, and no doubt will moko uso of tho loisuro hours of a voyage to review tho past and improvo by it. Personally ho secured tho rospoct of all classes, ns regarded his private life, and as a minister of tho Gospel. Tho only stumbling blook to his popularity was tho allianco ho formed »vith tho Roman Cntholio Bishop, »vith tho »dow of upsotting ono of tho best systems of education ever introduced iuto a colony. The Roy. Mr. Tomlinson, a minister of the Church of England, has also returned to Eng- land. He was much esteemed, as evidenced by tho addresses prosontod to him, and »vhich ap- pear in another column. Thoro is now in courso of formation what »vill bo called the City Volunteer Firo Brigade Somo timo ago au attempt »vas made to establish a brigade, but after n fo»v meetings the moro ment ceased, and many of tho promoters of it havo announced thoir intention of joining the now corps, »vhich is to bo under tho auspices of tho corporation. A gontloman has boen nppointed as superintendent »»ho has had great exporienco in tho extinction of (Iros and tho manigcmont of brigades, and ho has published tho following regulations :-Tho Piro Company, twenty gentle- men, under the ¡inmediato command of tho superintendent or his deputy. 'Hie Engine Company, twenty gentlemen, »\lio will elect their own first and second officers. 'The Apparatus Company, twenty gentlemen, tilth tho same power ns tho Engine Company. .Tho superin- tendent or his deputy »vill take lito entire com- mand at all fires, an I the chair at all meetings. The Corporation will provide an engine or two as soon as possible, with hooks, ladders, ropes, and oilier materials, and .pay all necessary et pjnscs incurred at fires. The members, will m.iko their own rules, so far as they do not interfcro with the Ronoral clIL-iuney and good working of tho brlguJo. 'The uniform will bo n looso rod shirt, bonn I with black, blue troiihcrs with red si ripe, leather helmet and cap, b>-lt, Ac. For tho superintendent, gold lace, and for officers of companies, silver lace, and for second ofliccrs, silver cord. Gentlemen wishing lo join should send in their names mid addresses to tho superintendent, at tho Town Hall, ns members win ouly bo admitted by ballot after February lot. AU tho largo firms should be represented on the roll'of tho brignle, as in enso of fire a member, witli a kuowledgo of the promises, »»'ould bo I ho means of saving a largo amount of valuablo property. Tho above is, of course, only n rough outline of the rules »»hich will bo made for tho mauageniciit of the City Volunteer Firo Brigade. In connection with fires »vo may mention that tliero has been n proposition ninda for iii'-rcasing considerably tho premiums now chargod by Iho Insurance Companies. On tho 23rd ultimo a meeting of tho managers of tho various companies in Sydney »vas held, at which it was provisionally ngrcod to adopt a new seule of charges. Tho lowest rato would bo 8s. on tho best class of property, and on »vooden buildings, used either for shops or stores, it was proposed to charge 60s. The rates will not bo definitely fixod with- out reference to Brisbano. In all probability tho citizens will now receive considerable bonefit from the cstablidimcnf of tho local company, ns it is probable that .through its influence tho rutes will bo fixed at not more than two-thirds of the amount tho Sydney companies are anxious to establish. On Tuesday, December 27, in accordance with ancient usage, the Brethren of the various Masonic Lodges assembled at high twelve, in their Hall, in Queen street, for the purpose of celebrating the Holy Festival of St. John tho Evangelist, and of installing the masters and officers for the ensuing twelic months. On no former occasion has, there been such a large number of tho brethren present-a proof that Masonry in this colony is assuming tho im portant position amongst our institutions which is due to it. Tho Provincial Grand Lodge commenced their proceedings shortly aftor 11 a.m., and duly disposed of the business before them. Tho North Australian Lodge, No. 796 -tho senior Lodge of the colony - was then opened in due form by the Worshipful Master after which a most impressive address on the duties of Freemasons was delivered by tho Rev. R. Creyke, the Provincial Grand Chap- lain. The address, which was most ap- propriate to tho occasion, was listened to with the greatest attention by the brethren present. The Master and other officers were then duly installed, and other business was conducted in peace and harmony. the lodge was then called off and adjourned until seven o'clock in the evening, at which hour it was intimated by the Worshipful Master a banquet would bo given, to which all brethren were invited to bo present. Next in seniority was tho Prince of Wales Lodge, the members of which, after transacting their busi- ness, adjourned to allow the St. Andrew Lodge -under tho Scotch constitution-to proceed with their formula und Iho installation of their officers. Tho brethren of the St Patrick's Lodge, under tho Irish constitution, also con- ducted their business in tho usual form. The Duke of Leinster-Lodge, which is under the same constitution, then opened their lodge, and after transacting their business adjourned to Fortitude Valley, for the purpose- of inaugura- ting a new lodge to bo called " tho Lodgo or St. John," under the Irish constitution. A largo number of the brethren attended, including tho Worshipful Master and officers of tho North Australian Lodge. After the instal- lation of the officers, the brethren returned to tho Masonic Hall, where a banquet was pre pared under the auspices of tho Master and officers of tho North Australian Lodge. The room was very tastefully decorated by Brother Billing, who exerted himself very greatly to render the arrangements as complete as possible previous to the arrival of tho brethren. Shortly after seven o'clock R.W.P.G.M. Gregory took tho chair, being accompanied by the D.P.G.M P.G. officers and the Masters of the North Aus- tralian, Prince of Wales, and St. Andrew Lodges. Tho usual loyal and masonic toasts wero pro- posed and responded to by the brethren accord- ing to custom. The enjoyment of the evening was somewhat enhanced by tho brilliant per- formances on Iho harmonium of Brother Rosen stengel, and by a number of quartettes, glees, Ac. Brother Hughes, of George-street, was the caterer, and he really provided everything which could bo desired in a first-class style. Altogether tho banquet was a great success. During tho month n letter has been received by the pecretnries of the Queensland Acclimati- sation Society from the paront society of Lon- don, an 1 also a report of its proceedings during tho four years of its existence. In it most favorable mention is made of our society ¡ and as this may be considered as almost the first re- cognition of it, it is accepted most gladly. In a short time, according to advices, »ve may oxpoct to receive some animals from England, and it was proposed at tho last meeting that tho society should expend, as far as in its power, a portion of tho money voted to them by the Par- liament in purchasing animals for the new park, »vhich is now being formed into a suitable re- serve for them. No further steps have as yet been taken in reference to stocking with deer one of the islands in the bay, but we believo that the idea has not been lost sight of by tho council. Our indoor amusements have been confined to some entertainments given by the Campbell Minstrels, and to dramatic performances on a small scale by a Mrs. Hanmor and a company engaged by hor. Tile Music Hall wo havo referred to on other occasions has not us yet been opened to tho public, but it is now finished, and fitted np very elegantly. Cricket has not excited very great interest this season, and but little has been enid about the return match with New South Wales. A few days ago some of tho passengers by tho Golden City played a game with tho Brisbane Club, to whom they sent a challenge. Tho effects of tho voyage on tho "City" mon «ns very apparent, as may-bo seen from tho fact thut in two inning! they stored only 62 runs, a whilst their opponents tópnod rthera in "ono*]"" innings by GO runs. ~- J " ' ' ! "But lit tUvmlerost is tnkon flow in tho iqucstion oftransportatioiu .So-httlo, ilmt the Queens- land G-overnmont did not doora it necessary to send a representative to tho conference recently held in Melbourne. Wo aro happy to bo able to state that crime is not ou the iucreaso in Brisbane- ' The English October mail was delivered in Brisbane on Saturday, Dccomber 17. Tho out- going mail, hence to England, was despatched per the Williams, steamer, on tho Monday following. 