"NAMING A 'MEMBER." . ...; , "If tlie member for UreswicK persisted iu ma conduct, he (the Speaker) would call upon him by name." And what on earth would happen then ? — the reader of the daily papers of Wednesday last may perhaps feel inclined to enquire. Supposing the Speaker had actually called - Mr Frazer by name, what would have happened ? Sir Francis \i TimUnir Rdiil " f.ha usual couseouenceS'must then follow ;" but what would those consequences have been ? . . : ; The same question — what would happen. .thcti.. was, we all remember, put some years ago, when a dignitary of the Cburch of England was told that .if he-did not do something or other m the inducting _ way (it was connected with, th© aftairs of a see which need not now be mentioned) to which he was in vited in the usual course by Lord John Russell, he would iucur the penalties of the statute of These things have a very awful sound with tliem. The gentleman wlio had in vain, tried to keep off poachers by writing up <l Man-traps and ; spring- guns set in these grounds," succeeded m frightening awav the bumpkin trespassers when lie put the terrific announcement — " Folyphlosboiozcsasseede- testhalassees set in these grounds.' A man must, surely, stand in great peril who is threatened witn the penalties of prcenwnire; or with being named by the Speaker. What is it that happens or ought to happen, in the latter case? We really cannot, say. We do not find much light thrown upon the subject in Mr May's hook on parliamentary prac tice ; aud the. fact must be confessed, there . ls.not much logic or necessary consequence of any kmdi in the" ordinary public, proceedings of the enlightened Englishman. In a good many cases, it seems,. tnaU the "named" member gets taken into custody by the Sergeant-at- Arms— who, for aught we know, conducts the culprit to a cellar, chains him to a. stone, and leaves him with a jug of water, a stale loaf, and a pamphlet of an instructive charactei. But we cannot (we repeat) discover that theie is any logic in the process of " naming a member. There may, or may not he ; but there is certainly a peculiar significance about it; which we shall proceed to disclose. If the honorable member pei - sists,' I shall name him," sounds as idly in modem ears as if the Speaker said, " If the honorable mem ber persists, I shall sneeze;" hut in the ears of an ancient Scandinavian, it would have been ommoiu. It was a most religious belief of the Isorthmau tha if the name of a lighting warrior were spoken o i " loud liis strength would immediately depart from S in v»ri,n,3 places and ages, someth: cryptical iniglit and mcauuig ias, m the mind. of the people, been attached to names. The Furies in Greece and Rome ; the Fairies in our own island (and elsewhere) ; the bear among the Finns and Lapps ; the cat and the weasel in Britanny, are all instances of real or unreal beings whose names it is, or was once, unlucky to utter aloud. Let us now, stopping at the bare facts, make some slight at tempt to think out the reason of them. With our selves, a name is a mere affair of the Post Office Directory ; an arbitrary matter ; an accident of the person to whom it is attached — so much an accident, that it may be changed at will as many times as the person chooses. But it is conceivable that in days when the names was really descriptive (and only ' indicative in virtue of being so)— was absolutely representative of the man or creature to whom it belonged — it might bo felt to have a vital, organic relation to him ; to be esseutial— i. e., to be of essence, or esso — like his ghost, wraith, or double. Now this being particularly the case with any being to whom was attributed occult virtue or force of any kind -force whose basis or scope was not en tirely known or understood. A god, for example, would have a name, which was perhaps, pronounced not at all, or only by selected persons on state oc- casiens. But why only by selected persons |on state occa sions? Because to pronounce the Name — a thing so essential aud so intimate— was like stripping naked the being to whom it belonged ; like tearing down the curtains, or breaking through the cloud by force or rending the veil which covered the face ; — unco vering or dishonoring the possessor of the name by a disrespectful exposure : — " Not to unveil before the gaze Of an imperfect sympathy In aught we are, is the sweet praise And the main sum of modesty." . and conversely, not rudely to. compel another to unveil, " is the sweet praise and sum of ' reverence.' Now, in the rudest times, a successful warrior was an actual god.- Not only so, but,' - of course, any man engaged in combat might he a'god that is to say, he stood, while the fight was undecided, for an unkno.wn quantity of force. . Supposing bis Name, then, known among .his contemporaries, to have an essential personal significance about it, to contain, as it were, the- secret- or wraith of his'strength — it would not be fortunate for him to have it uncovered lightly ; 'and, above all, read in the presence of the man. who of all the world, was in the least sympathy" with , him, namely, his enemy. = We have now got these points— 1. It was un lucky to speak out aloud the name of a comba tant. 2. A name was'once supposed to be of the essence of the man, and to have a cryptical power in it. .31 Tradition kept up the idea of the value (validity, force) of a name, even after it had become more or less au arbitrary thing. Among the vulgar, remnants of the half- superstitious feelings indicated may stili be oc casionally traced by persons who (by faithfulness to impressions, and by resisting temptations to tyrannise over the minds of others) have kept their minds " sensitive" to whatever image may be thrown upon them. And two more observa tions will. complete the little chain of suggestion which we have ventured to forge : I. A member of Parliament, being engaged in a debate, is a combatant. : 2. He has, as a representative, a veiled, cryptical, impersonal character. In'virtue of that character; the honorable member for the enlightened borough of Snobville is ' always spoken of as " the honorable member for Snob ville," and not by his real of Jobling. In virtue of the same character lie eDjoys (or enjoyed until lately, for the law may . be altered ;) : a sort; of " coverture to use the old word applied to married womaD), which forbids arrest for debt. But what would it.be .to name him ? The mind recoils at the thought ! It would be prae munire — it would be polyphlosboiozesasseesdete- sthalassees 1 It would be to strip him of his armour ; to take away his sword and buckler : to place him on tho same footing of defence- lessness as John Doe and Richard: Roe ; to change him from an. honorable unnamed war rior into an ignouiiniously designated Job- ling, with not an unknown quantity about him ! Is there, however, anything far-fetched in deriv ing a practice of the modern House of Commons from an old Scandinavian custom ? No.. On the contrary, the more' one reads: and thinks about the wajrs of th e: Nor th m e n , the: more one is startled witli £he familiar faces of modern usages — sometimes, :with translated (seldom di: reefcly varied) features, but always with exactly the same meanings. . An account of an Althing debate, Speaker and all, reads just like abit of the Times during the session of Parliament. Some of fchelmost Striking of tbe illustrations whicb we might quote, our readers would, perhaps, hardly thank us for — they would, we can conceive, rather not have forced upon them the. substantial identity of things which they very much admire with things they would not admire at all ; and as we cannot here demonstrate the historic law which, once apprehended, would diminish their annoyance, we will spare their feelings. But we will, nevertheless, venture to ask " muscular" readers (if we have any) if they cannot call to mind having read in their newspapers, or at least having seen in their newspapers, a few years ago, a repulsive story of.a " ring," which, euded.in a manner eminently, calculated to remind one of something which is: told in Eigil's Saga — namely, that Queen Guuhilda, when the was afraid the Thing was goine to give a verdict against her, secrelly instructed one of her train . to cut the sacred cords which bound together the hazel- twigs that formed the doom-ring, and so put an end; to the proceedings ?— - Slightly altered from Good Words. — Geelong Advertiser. ' 