S2f ;;,, :thbvweek; ;,:v'-| ..:;.; ;;: „.' TJae tariff came up before the Assembly, on Ta6s [,dayf( tq.be ,dealfc with finally.: A; rumor had got .abroad that the Speaker would take objection, and ^rule that the contemplated process was unconsti tutional. The Upper Souse was in high. glee |at the;prpspeot. The Government were to be beaten m their own Chamber, and be reduced to the -alternative of desisting or removing the Speaker from the chair. In some degree; the anticipations .Tvejre fulfilled. ' Sir Francis Murphy raised a nuin ''ber pf objeptionsi the drift of which was that he .icould not put.the motion for the second reading : of the, ?Tariff, and; Appropriation Bills. , The hon. -'gentlemen of -the .Legislative Council mustered 'strongly ^behind the -'bar,' and thej'wenthpmelto din'neirimWensely delighted' at theturn of ; affairs. .Their triumph,' however, \yas but ! short-lived. The '* JAttbrney-G-eneral ; , replied to t the^ Speaker's '. qbjec 7tions,:and .demonstrated -that not only was thepro sposal, within- the scope of . constitutional right, tint 1 1 that: it-was: usual in the neighboring' colonies jib rj 'include -the' ways' and means for the ' year in| the ''Appropriation Bill. During the, adjournment, some ?«ne\y.; light dawned on the -Speaker ; or perhaps vheihad; in the first instance been merely affording athe Government a loop-hole of escape ; at any rate, 1 ?? on resuming ; his seat, he declared that he only . -i;6qk bbjeotibirtq'the form in whioh .the combined j :ineasures were brought before ; the House. He never doubted its right to deal with the: Appropria tion Bill as was proposed, and he was good enough ':to point out how the difficulty he suggested should be surmounted. We rather suspect that Sir Francis ^Mtu-jphy shuffled, for his first observations are not ;, easily reopncileable with his last. However^ the t.r fcrovemment earned their point, and, by the course ? -[ ?suggested, the House took upon itself the onus of I 'the !-l tack.' The responsibility of Government! is V '.supposed ' to haye ceased when a measure is a ^, second,- time read. When a bill goes into com , ??,? mittee, the House is free to deal with it. By Sir t Francis Murphy's suggestion the two bills were II taoke'd by the House in committee. The motion' ^ ;; thai i the' committee be instructed to do so was * carried on a division of two to one. The free, trade 1 .party was, indebted to that very ,: eminent inoney , , iender,;Mr; Nathaniel Levi, for the only show of r . opposition^ He made a speech whioh no one cared ? - to hear, and he eventually subsided, rather orest ..: fallen. How long will it take this gentleman to : learn that nobody, inside the House or but of it, cares '[. Vfpr his assistance? Even Mr O'Shanassy deolinedito, .''follow in the footsteps of the member for Mary borough. And yet he is ambitious enough to ,( imagine that by some turn in the wheel he maybe , r .cpme.a Minister. Mr Levi is profoundly mistaken as 'to his prospeots. He would- sink any Ministry . .that; ventured to take him in. However, to proceed ; \- the committee did tick the bills, and on Thursday -. evening reported the exploit to the House in' due 'form. Now comes the most extraordinary part of !.;? the business. On the motion for the third reading, Sir Francis Murphy ence more raised objections.. He did not question the right of the House ? to tack ;'' the bills, but he wanted to be relieved from the : responsibility. The House of Commons had done this, and the. Assembly could do it, but he thought * , it was an overstraining of , the constitution . The i surprise and indignation of the House might well -? ! be imagined. By what precedent; since he is so fond of precedents, did Mr Speaker seek to separate him self from the acts of the House ? Either he is its . , mouthpieqe or . he is, nothing. He is there to give . his ruling on points of. order and to preserve de corum; but for him to seperate himself from the s deoision of the House on any question of right or ; privilege is a' very grow, betrayal of his duty. Had 7.; Sir Frances Murphy, on Tuesday night, adhered ; to.his first ruling, , probably the House would have 1 deferentially bowed to his ruling, at any rate, the ; diBoussion would have occurred on the threshold; ' But he then ate his own words and deolared that he did not dispute the power of the House to do as ; was proposed. He only objected to the manner of ». dping it, and suggested how the thing should be oorrectly set about. The House accepted his rulings .' and took on itself, at his suggestion,^ the responsi bility. Having done bo, Sir Franois turns round, '? tells the Assembly, in effeot. It is quite true that I pointed out to you how to do this , but I have pointed out to you the right way of doing a wrpng thing. What could be more absurd? What position more humuliating both to the House and the Speaker. ; It may ormaynot be wrong in the matter of the tack '; ing, but it iB clearly without a Speaker having nerve enough to perform his duty consistently and fear lessly. The reply of Mr M'Cullooh conveyed in very foroiblo terms the opinion of the House. 1 The disouesion turned from the tariff to the conduct of -' the Speaker, The 'hon, gentloman writhed under thei castigation of Mr Michie, who expressed a hope that they now got a final opinion from the chair. It was not so, however. Sir Francis fidgetted and shuffled, ?again admitted that the House was constitutionally right, and then committed the enormous mistake of expressing an opinion on the polioy of the course pursued. Clearly, the Speaker is not the mentor of the House to direot it and the Government as to what they- shall do or refrain from. Finally, he wound up by declaring his belief that the tariff bill was not a tack, 'but the addition of an appropriation clause to a revenue bill, which, however, had not been the usage of the House of Commons for many years;' and: he blandly wound up by saying, ' that he did not regret the misconception which had occurred as to his views, beqause it had produced many speeches which would be most beneficial to the House and the country !'- Then the division came, and a most satis factory one it was, for a majoriy of the whole House affirmed the policy of the Government and the Constitutional right. ? The numbers, were 41 to 16, and the tacked bills were sent for the con currence of the Legislative Couuoil amidst shouts of derisive laughter. , ; i :: The unprincipled audacity of the Argus in its attacks on the personal character of members iof the Ministry is already notorious.,;. For, some weeks past it has-been broadly -insinuating that the Com missioner of Customs and the Chief Secretary were interested in the passing of the tariff, in. consequence of having (given bonds at the customs ; and insinu ated that the disinclination to give a return of all the custom house bonds to the. Legislative Council arose from a fear lest the secret motive should bo detected. The Upper House waB mean enough to. re-echo this slander^ and some of its members openly hinted at malversation on the part of Ministers. Eventually .the return was produced, and the Commissioner of ) Customs' ^figures, for the .immense sum of seven pounds two shillings. Fortunately,, the miserable slanders of the opposition paper quickly recoil on itself. The temerity of its slanders are only equalled by their absurdity, and exposure quiokly follows. Another mare's nest fallen upon by the Upper House' is the expenditure of the Customs department in salaries. ' It was; urged against the tariff that the staff of offioials would be greatly in creased, and Mr Sladen, in order to assure himself that such was the case, moved for returns. The Government, nothing loth, ? produced them, and it appears that there has been an actual saving during the first half of 1865, as compared with the previous year, of £1929. '?? We noticed, last week, the disappearance of a high Government official, who, it is said, has left behind him liabilities amounting to £10,000, due to trades men and persons from whom he had borrowed money. Some very ugly; stories: are afloat respect-' ing this gentleman's transactions; and amongst others that he had lost large sums in gambling with other Government officials, in a certain .notorious establishment in Collins- street east.. Nor was he the only victim. We have heard, on good authority, of a squatter having been fleeced to the time of £500 at a sitting at the same disreputable .ren dezvous. Why does not the Government interfere either to suppress this gambling' hell or to compel its officers to withdraw from it? Of whaintilityiB it to launch the thunders of the law' against mean delinquents, when the persons oharged with its ad ministration are permitted to violate it witli im punity? This is not the first time we have heard of £500 or £601) being won and lost, at cards in a single night ; and it is not surprising that Go vernment offioials, ambitious of a connection .with the establishment in question, should so frequently compass their own ruin. Unfortunately, some of the members of the Cabinet hold that the pjibiichas no right to inquire into the private pharaoter of offioials so long as they perform their duty. We wonder if the same rule would be followed in hiring, a groom or a clerk. The truth is that the colony isV'bffioial ridden. We have every: desire to protect; (jpyern inent officers in the performance of their duty, and we regret that they shpuld be so wantonly assailed as they somotimes are ; but that is very different from tolerating professed gamblers' and frequenters of places of ill repute. We 1 shallj perhap^-hayo occasion to speak more plainly on : this 'sub jofcfc; be- fore long. '' , ,,.-''.';?','?,'.'. ..''.?'?. We have already noticed the; oruol and ,phildi^h praotice of chasing a tame stag, -(which our colo nial cookneys are pleased to term 'sport. 'Last Saturday,1 the wretched animal iwas taken;; in a cart to the neighborhood of Qakleigh,' aifd was set loose. Ifc declined, ; however, '.'? to afford the wished for sport to .the stupid throng, and took refuge in a swamp, ivhero it remained,1 We regrot to say that one of the; party, rotuming home, met with a fatal aocident. Endeavoring,' to leap a fence, the. animal caught the top rail, arid being suspended, the rider, was thrown and the horse.fell upon him, causing1 almost instantaneous death. ' This gentleman, we believe; was employed by some mercantile house in Melbourne, and bias left a widow and a large family. Is it not very ob jectionable that persons in subordinate positions shpuld seek amusements so totally incompatible with their .station in life ? Persons who follow the hounds, and leap three -railed fences ought, as a precaution, to see that their wives and families are provided for. We trust, that some humane person will interfere to put down this stag torture. If sport is wanted, there; are plenty of kangaroos and native dogs. If there are none sufficiently near Melbourne ; to suit Saturday : afternoon sportsmen, it weiild not be a matter 'of great difficulty to drive them into covers. ? The Upper House has thrown out the Mint Bill — that is, it has insisted on inserting a provision! to prevent the repeal of the gold export duty. The Assembly, of course, deolines to accept the mutilated measure, and it is, consequently, abandoned. 'There are few measures of more utility, and few more promotive ,of commercial advantage. The introduction of a gold currency into India would have opened up a ready market for all our, gold converted into' coin ; and the miner would, consequently, have got the highest value for his pro duct. The Australian sovereign, too, having been made legal tender in' England, a Victorian Mint would have been productive of great benefit to our merchants, who, in remitting1 sovereigns, would have escaped the impositions of the banks. Per haps it is on that account that the Upper House has conspired , to , throw out the bill. We know what the banking interest, as there represented, !has before now accomplished. Talk of tacking; was this not a most unwarrantable attempt to antici pate legislation? .How did the. Council know 'that there was any intention, of repealing the gold duty? This little incident ought to open the eyes of the miners. A mint would have been of more benefit to the colony than the gold export duty can possibly be. In Sydney the mint is directly1 profitable, and our neighbors were in no small degree .chagrined at our intention of entering into competition with them. If the Upper House wants a gold duty, why not change the present mode of collect ing it to' a tax upon dividends? That would be a much more sensible proposition, inasmuch as the tax would be oharged on profits onlyi and not upon gross receipts as at present. ? It is monstrous that the gold, whioh is expended.by com panies in wages and in plant, should be diminished in its purchasing power to the extent of the duty. Two per cent, which is what the duty amounts to, would, in some large companies, make a yery; 'con- siderable difference in profits by the end of the year. But the banks are opposed both to the mint and to the removal of the duty, and for similar reasons, namely, that gold, freed from their manipulation, would acquire at once its full; market value in England or in India, less the cost; of- shipment and interest. For this session, we fear that the Mint Bill is doomed. The hpn. Charles Gavan Duffy has arrived home safe. We shall be delighted to hear of his inten tion of remaining. It is said that he intends con testing at the general eleotion the constituency: of New Boss, which he before represented. Could we not assist him in the matter ? There is a clause in the Constitution Aot whioh requires that pensioned statesmen should not be absent from the colony for more' than two years. Will not some amiable patriotic member prooiire its repeal for Mr Duffy's special benefit? Villiers and Heytesbury; having got ?. Mr Moffatt, will never want him baok, and -we are sure no other Victorian con stituenoy will care for him. Ifc is a pity suoh an eminent statesman should be lost to mankind. Why not release him from the.harah condition ? He is of no possible use here, and he may add to the strength of the ' Brass Band' in the House of Commons. Already ;we have one pensioner there, and another would show our liberality and readiness to rewdrd superlative merit. ' - ;?- u; Elsewhere, we have ;alluded to the, debate in the House of CommonB, and Mr Lowe's .vulgar attack on ' the Australian Constitution. But it 'was ? mild compared with the following letter from an Aus trulian correspondent, quoted withgreat applause:— 'We have all been aghast, like England, I sup pose, at Gladstone's reform speeoh. What does he mean by talking of lowering the franchise? If he had seen it work as we have in these colonies, to our bitter cost, he would not have talked such — — . We have had our Parliameat dishonored and degraded by the wretched place-hunters and demagogues that a low suffrage haa forced into power ; and Victoria is trying to retrace her steps, and to raise tho suflrage again, as the only path to legislative respectability and efficiency. We have seeq tho best men amongst us of position, education; public spirit, ? stainless ' integrity, beaten hollow by publicans, railway1 portera, ex-ploughmen, stump orators and adventurers of every-grade. People in England who, do nofc know the colonies often say, or think,, 'Ohf.but things are so; different in the colonies '.' and picture our ' best men1 successful diggers, or vulgar rich people, but little above what radicals call ^ tho people.' You know : it is not so. You know what sort of men Haines,. Sladen, Farie, Sturt, Stawell, Macknight (?), and others of the same, stamp are. Well, under vote by ballot, and universal suffrage, there is not one of these, except Haines ! (and some men always get in), that would have | the ghost of a chance with the lowest ruffian who had money enough to pay. for nobblers, or worda enough to tell lies to an ignorant and selfish mob.' Who is the vile slanderer ? The style; and tho names, point to some one of the old \regimi. Who is it? An official in pay of the ''Government, or some sturdy pensioner ? In this way the., colony ig maligned by sooundrels who have access to public men in England. However, we '??-. must learn to - ten* dure this contumely. After all, ifc is of little conse quence ; we shall survive it. ' ? ?? ' ? ? .. We noticed last week that the. Imperial Govern ment had- accepted: the tender of the Peninsular and Oriental Company .for , a, new imail service, monthly or fortnightly. It turns out that the;cbla nies have until October to ratify the arrangement, and we fervently hope that they will not. Wo cart expect no assistance from New. South Wales, .which is committed to the Panama route ; but, at whatever inconvenience undertaken, we should have a service of our own to Point de Galle. Repeatedly it 'has been urged thatnve might maintain at littlb of' bo cost a squadron of armed steamers, useful in time of war, by employing them in the mail Beryice.. That, of course, could, not be accomplished, for. ;Bome time;N but there _?; is already -on .i'. -the; Aus tralian station ; a fleet of fine ' ' Bteam'ers, quite equal, by a little supplementing, to the w^rk. They could not well perform the service worse than the present contractors are doing, and we should have the satisfaction of distributing: the profits amongst Australian shareholders, and supplying; the vessels from Australian' stores. Our Adelaide neighbors are eager to join us in a . scheme of ,thia sort. They have been most unfairly treated ia the mail arrangements, and they have at .much; cost maintained a branch service tp King 'George's Sound, to which the othiir colonies '' owe their early mail news. At all events], a joint service, might be tried; if it failed, we could fall back on the; Peninsular and and Oriental Company, or some other. Under.any circumstances, with the rival line -via- Panama open, yre should not suffer much inconvenience if ocoasionai delay did occur. The Home Govern ment declares its .inability to obtain ; any other contractors ; let us; try what we oan do. jt will ba oreditable . if local capital and enterprise are able to drive the English monopolists from' the field: 'J The Government has decidfed upon a very ^ glee ful, andat the same time practical, mode of testify ing the respect of the people of this country forL the memory of President Lincoln, and expressing-their condolence with Mrs Lincoln and the people of tho .United States. In the Assembly, isn Thursday,;the Chief Seoretary gave notice that, on Tuesday, he would move, the adoption of an address to her Majesty the ' Queen, expressing '.' their abhorrence of the great crime by whioh the people of -the Ueited States have been deprived of their President, Abraham ; Lincoln, and their profound sympathy with the 'American Government and people on such a 'great national calamity.' The address also.ex press'es Unfeigned condolence with Mrs Lincoln for the Buffering Bho has endured through this terrible tragedy, and requests her Majesty to communicate these sentiments to the American Government at Washington.; Thus the individual courtesy to the bereaved lady obtains ,the weight and prestige pf a national ioin'pliment.'i ? . ; ...'.:.? ' The Legislative Council abhieved, Thursday,' the extraordinary feat of passing a bill, sent up from the; Assembly, through committee, 'without amendment; More remarkable still, is tho fact that the measure thus lepiontly dealt. with was one of ! important scope and most -popular in 'its ?'tendency, namely, the Publio-Loan Bill,! But, as if alarmed at the extraordinary diroctibn their energies had taken, the hon. gentle men immediately afterwards, at the instigation of Mr Strachan, postponed the third reading ,of ,tho measure to- Tuesday next. The other business transacted was of a very unimportant character. . A gold-field has boon disoovorod at Soke; about 20 miles from Victoria, in Vancouver's Island; cop per has also been discovered there. 30,000 tons of ooal were exported from tho island last year. ' Fe male servants are so scarce there that their wagea range .ftom. £650 to £70 a-year, : : '' ; 