PUBLISHED RYBBt BATOBOAY MORNING, 'SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16,1865" CATTLE STEAIjING- IN GAMBIER. OAWtB stealing in the Hundred of Gambler Jiifts liocpmp :qulteva chronic infirmity. For San owner of stock to muster his cattle when ' he wants them lias censed to bo tho rule-it ; is tiovr the' excoption. As soon as a stoer V ? approaches to the confines of fatness, ho is . »u*e to disappear and be no moro soon in the .society of his bovine brethren. Tho losses that are thus experienced by tho settlors in Garobier are not only very annoying but ? veiy severely felt j and this soason they hare been more particularly so than on any other previous one, owing to the scarcity and dear ^essofbeef, A c<»)ppapbndont--'w A Sufferer"-drew \- attention to this unpleasant state of affairs in . our last, anfl he proposed that we or some of ou* readers should suggest a remedy. But this,, wo fear, is no^easy task. The Hundred of Gambier is unfortunately situ* fttod. It bounds with Victoria for 10 miles without toy well defined boundary line, and the operations of the thieves,, who are known, to reside on both sides of the Border, can thus to a large extent bo conduotod with v impunity. Cattlo are driven from the one polony into tho other just as it suits their convenience, , and so well do they contrive that there is scarcely a ghost of achancoof catching them in tho act. The animal is IciHeiirthe'brand is instantly eui out, and as soon as tho skin is got off it is burnod.. A dead carcass may be seen hanging beside tho ;; hot^se of' a, man who does not own a head of cattle-but what of that P Tho man who has lost his bullock pannot swear to its boef, and tlio law of England doos not allow measures to be taken to mike a man condemn himself. As far as the law goes the man is innocont of stoaling until it is proved that crime isprovod against him, So tho bullock may hang in security, and the thief or thieves may eat its flesh and none dare Question what they do. ,It is an unfortunate dilemma to bo in, and one whioh wo;. would like to; ho. the cattlo holders of Gambier delivered out of. But how to do it is the ru& The cattlo thieves aro pretty woll known j their mode of working is - protty well known j and. their associates are pretty well known. All that is wanted to. break up the confederacy is to, catch one or moro of 'thorn in the aot. They have hitherto, we aro told, worked' with great discretion-they have levied their " black mail" leaving always ! an opening wide enough to escape by. Sue cess may mako them less cautious, and we may hope that if precautionary moasures are taken tlioy may at no distant date bo oaught, should they detorminedly .adhere to their predilection for choap boef. What those precautionary measuros ought to bo wo do jiot protend to say, When sheep- stealing was rife in the South-East somo twoyoars ago, the squatters formed an association for their own. protection) and offered largo re wards for the discovery of the thieves. Since then, ^e thieves have, foiind it oonveniont to shift their quarters, and now wo hoar no moro of losses among the sheep. Would it not bo wp^It^whilb^for fche-sefctlers of^tern bierto offer a tompting roward for the con viction of tho cattle, stealers P We think the Council also might instruct their ltangor to keep a sharp look-out' after the suspocted individuals, and if one Ranger was not suffi cient for the duty, a seoond migfrt bo ap pointed. Sunday, we boliovo, is tho great fiold day for1 tho cattle itcalora-it would, thoroforo, bp. necessary to tako more than ordinary precautions on that'day. It cor tainly is a pity that every man is not an honest man, foT it would savo both trouble , and ill-feeling. But constituted as tho world is, with a pMty considerable admixture of the bad to the good, it is imperative to pro tect property and individual rights by what over steps can bo most easily takon and prao tically workod put. The honest man should be helped to koep his own. M Tho gods," wo pro told, " help those wlio help- themselvcs,'' Let the good folks of Gambier remembor this and be up and doing. Wo have no doubt if they try they will hit upon Bomo plan to mako honosty moro common among thorn, and the rights ofmeumand tum bettor ?understood than they'have apparently, boen during the past two pr throo yoars. 