ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, Ac. " Give me leave To speak my mind"—Shakspeare. The management of the Haymarket had, perhaps, a hidden purpose last Saturday night, in 'producing Sir. Tom Taylor's comedy of " Nine Points of the Taw," and the burlesque of " Oipheus and Euiydicc for the two are tolerably good examples of totally different divisions of the modem drama. The one, to wit, the little comedy, is the perfection of neatnesa, liveliness, and dramatic elegance; the other is an extreme development of the principle—if any such principlo there be—of vulgarizing and degrading ideas that are essentially poetical. There has always seemed to me to be something extremely selfish in the mode adopted by the extreme section of bur lesque writers. At first, when extravaganzas began to be affected, they were made remark able less for word- torturing and vulgarity than for a certain kind of grotesqueness that had in it nothing of grossness or coarseness. Bring usually versions of fairy-tales, in whieh the imagination is permitted a good deal of licence, these did not appear to be eny out rageous departure from generally received ideas. There was much fancy in the contrivance of these dramatic performances, and a large amount of commendable wit and humour in their working out. Local allusions, moreover, were not lugged in head and shoulders, but were ingeniously dovetailed in, so as to appear to have a necessary connexion with the whole. But of late the principal design seems to have been to bring down to tbo level of the bard materialism of the present day hot only all those embodiments of poetical conceptions to which we bare clung so fondly for many centuries, but to dissipate the ilia sion attaching to many reocnt poetical crea tions. The Greek mythology has oome in for an especial share of this profanation ; gods, goddesses, and heresy bare been, ruthlessly taken down hum the pedestals where they bare M long oocspied a potation of mys terious influence, and have been habited, in, all sottsof motley, and made to comport them selves in a maimer entire subversive of that respectful consideration. to which they have been held from. immemorial time. Tho real extent of this evil is not yet apparent»but is may readily be guessed at. Of course the mete flinjiqgof ridumle at Mount Qlyaepei andile lefrabjlenhe would not in iteelf be a ! *eme*meeet mwh importance ( but it in Tofree enuBdoAM leeeeoing «f thefaouMy rf; ine^Mtian, -aad eanhawlly do other than eaootinge tbet mo* ofleoriTe -habit characterietic of the rising generation of 'af fecting to pooh-pooh everything which is un familiar and out of the present But one mey fairly ask, if amusement and instruction be the real purposes -of the stage, how the Byronic burlesque in any way fulfils either of these ends? I cannot for the lite of me see amusement in degradation, and there it cer tainly no instruction in listening to the muti lation of one's mother-tongue. Let us take, for example, this ray burlesque of " Orpheus and Eurydice." It is possible even to have wept at the sorrows and sufferings of him who charmed the rocks, who made the rf the forcet gentle and approachable, and whose devoted love for the beautiful maiden who alone engrossed his thoughts, induced him to en- counter all dangers and events, follow her to Tartarus, where he lost her finally only by reason of hie exceeding deration. It it abso lutely inconceivable that a subject which has occupied great poets, pointers, and sculptors, and has inspired some of their best efforts, should at last suggest nothing but grossness, and the most pitiable attempts at humour. We are presumed to be exceedingly mused when Orpheus is set down as " a very poor author, with scarcely any symptoms of beard, so that he's hard up before he's soft down," and Eurydice " a reformed flirt, who was ones flighty abroad but who is now staid at home.*' And these definitions are the key to all the rest, Orpheus is introduced complaining of the rejection of his plays by some unknown manager, and forthwith proceeding to find innumerable faults with his wife concerning their houahold management, flinging a portion of his breakfast on the floor, and generally comporting himself like an irritable gentleman in a "screaming farce." Eurydice, whom all the poets make to suffer on account of her perfect fidelity, is represented as mi unchaste wife, ready to fling herself in the arms of Aristaeus almost before he asks her, and he is depicted in a ridiculous sporting costume, and instead of being repulsed, accord ing to mythological history, has no difficulty whatever in persuading Eurydice to accom pany him. Now, eTen supposing there were every justification for making these poetic fables the basis of dramatic construction, it it reasonable to expect that at least the original story should he preserved, else what is the object of selecting it at all ? In this instance a departure from it brings about a manifest absurdity; but as modern audiences are not strongly classic in their sympathies, the ab surdity is not perceived. The motive of Orpheus following Eurydice to Tartarus, or, as the vulgar have it, to Hell, comes from the circumstance that, having in her bight from Orpheus been bitten by a serpent, she imme diately gives up the ghost, and forthwith psssrs into the regions Plutonic, whither she is followed by her devoted bneband. But in the Byronic story we find her coolly walking off with the co-respondent, and in the next scene crossing the Styx, no reason whatever being shown why she should cross the Styx. The general impression on the mind of the audience —not too familiar probably with the original story—is that Aristeus resides somewhere in the Stygian neighbourhood, and that the ferry is in the way thither. But, indeed, of all lancholy trash the Byronic burlesque is to me the most distressing. I cannot discover the humour of torturing words into remote meanings, of suddenly introducing a nigger breakdown, of dressing a character in a blended costume of ancient and modern ma terials, of dragging in songs having no possible connexion with the piece, and of otherwise rendering the whole thing a hash of incon gruous materials, destitute of meaning and utterly wanting in purpose. In short, the Byronie burlesque is the veriest anomaly. But in contrast to this we had on Saturday night Mr. Tom Taylor's " Nine Points of the Law." This little piece is simplicity itself; the characters are such as come within the scope of one's ordinary experience, mid the events and situations are in the last degree probable. To eit out such a piece is to experience an hour and a-halfe genuine enjoyment. The marvel is that such pieoes are not the rule rather than the exception. As being totally different both from the exasperating burlesque and the unnatural sensation drama, pieces of this description are extremely refreshing, coming as they do so rarely. I have to confess that I have not en joyed anything half so much for a long time, the more especially as it was remarkably well done, both in respect of general management and in the details of representation. There was an attempt at least to give one the notion of a drawing-room. Usually stage drawing-rooms are of all things the dreariest, consisting of an infinity of moulding, panelling, gilding, and distracting perspective, a carpet which never fits, seven doors, a window looking into dark ness, a table infinitely too small for the apart ment, some chairs of that peculiar pattern covered w ith ehinti never seen anywhere but on the stage, and a mantel-piece stuck cm to a fiat with some sparingly adhesive material. On this occasion, that is to say, last Satur day night, there was a positive appearance at inbabitableneas. The chairs and toft were such as one might sit down upon with com fort, the tables were practicable, the window curtains, though they had an extemporised look, were clean and neatly arranged, there waa a piano, and there were some real pictures. To be sure, the door into the garden looked out into darkness, but let us hope that was an . oversight. Enjoyment of the piece could hardly help being facilitated by all these ac cessories, bob it is nevertheless true that lady Don's Mrs. Smylie was just such a charming widow as drives susceptible young men die-. treated, and the acted the part with a most , engaging earnestness. One felt the extreme j probability of everybody about bar bong ex. ceedingly feud of hex, and the fact- of the crusty old cotton-spinner foiling in. lava with, her was a certainty that might beprediotod from the beginning. The socoe between Mrs. Smylie aad the attoswsy was wonderfully well, worked out. The ather rhtraaten, moreover, were all of them arediUMyT given, and come of thera were tag much mora than creditable Mr. Milne'e Ironsides especially was capitally carried out in dataiL Mi«» 8t pretty and attractive Sate, and I must pay. , her the compliment of eeyiag that she i* evidently not disumdnod teSokatbS friendly teat I gave, her last week. Mis AgjUptoe, * gentleman who hue lately joined tMe threw, . has oomvdanhle merit, and I amdhpoeedto prophesy wall of him. {tie manner isessff, self-poasteeed.aud aet obtrusive, and hritf J*w» to 1 llumj, «teipak tiw teeWIWSa*|*i proprWty." I»*Ucij»U lib beowoiog unfal ummWi «f ti» IfejtaMfcti Majpgr* On Wod—why. the progi witti a to ti* I WHN|udi the MUM4. Jisss'-' cf eomBr^nttflfau 4hm l. iti0U|b; "tw maoh iBoatsprabstMiU* •ppltHM at ti>« trther:taa» Jmti no», fl»fe WfcrtdrtT«nto»dflpttti»wH«t ___ JAQUES 