OHIO IN. A l.i OljKKKSI'OXDIbNUK. BISHOP OF NEWCASTLE'S ADDRESS TO THE SYNOD ASSEMBLED. To the Editor of the Yass Courier. Silt,— Upon receipt of the English pipers some till Co months since, I addressed \ a letter under the headingor- Privy Councils on Bi.,hops," which some thin-skinned neonle. ILIltl U'ifll till V.I ligious opinions of their own, thought a harsh conclusion from a stern judgment. But the pub lication of the above prelate's address, in the Mor peth Leader of the issue following the loth August (date of the Synod), more than sustains all I wrote to you-: tor tho learned loshop enters upon many points I did not even allude to," inasmuch as he calls upon all the elovgy and laity to do their duty to Ood, " not fearing the wrath of any king." and equally declaring and proclaiming that ho designed to do the same. With equal magnanimity the right reverend dignitary invited the assembled clergy tind laity to resolve themselves into a com mittee of the whole house, and elect a chairman of committees in lieu of himself; and the election tell upon a layman, the Hon. J. Docker, whose experience in civil parliaments qualified him well for such a chair pro temp. Furthermore, ami by way of assuring them of the entire legality of ail lie desired them to do, his lordship stated to the same effect us i wrote to you at the und of May last, that hiihops have no legal authority or ter ritorial jurisdiction, as such, beyond what tbo law gives them in Southern African, Indian, or Aus tralian churches, and confirming the samedeclar- ation by extracting the opinions of the Right Hon. Mr. Oardwed, successor to the Secretary Duke ot Newcastle (deceased), and tier Majesty's Attor ney-General, both of whom, ir. the Commons llou.-u of Parliament (on 27th March), declared it was iar easier to say what Royal Letters Patent did nut ami could not do, than what they could do; uhilst the lormer gentleman affirmed tho intention of her Majesty's Government not to issuo anv more such public documents upon the part of the Grown, hut rather to leave the churches in Aus tralia to do as is done in the Canadian church, oloiit their own bishop.s lrom unionist their own aR'igy, the issue and publication of letters patent in Canada having " long boon discontinued I" More over, the same excellent bishop ventured to prophecy that the proposed occupant of the Sec of Gralton and Armidale would bo consecrated and sent out without the showy accompaniment of ' royal letters, ot no value, and worthless fur govern ment, calculated only to mislead tho clergyman oi dained a bishop, as well as to induce wor shippers ot titular honours to mistake the spiritual officer la toto. There is one point, however, upon ntncli his lordship did not seem to have nntde any determination. If it be admitted tlnit the elor"y in Canada are neither hotter nor worse, not noire learned or tnorc eloquent or more painstakiu"- — neither more nor less pious, holy, and excellent 1 men then it must needs follow that the bishops in Australia ought al.-o to be elected from amongst the clergy here, equally as in Canada, If, on tho other band, any maintain that clergymen in Now bouth Wales, or other parts of the province of Austrulasia, aro less learned, less pious, less excel lent men than their brethren in tho Canadian churches, who is to .blame for such a state of affairs, and such a general slur upon tho pricst- liood P Jo affirm that they aro not equal in all the qualifications required by God in Holy Scrip tures (epistles to Timothy and Titus) is to con demn the ordainers, and accuse them all of wrong doing in despising and disregarding the plainest injunctions of the Holy Ghost ou tho one hand, equally with tho clearest declarations of the jjanon'V i ''"gulatioiiB ot the church on the other, lhe Bishop of Newcastle has based all his in structions to the Synod on tho canons of A.D. 1603, for this simple reason, that the clergy and laity are inforo conscientia: under abiding obliga tions thereto. Others kinds of legislation too often are merely State fetters, of no religious or moral torco. . which religious and good men would rather shrink Lorn than souk to strain into power for any ecclesiastical ends. Again, this noble and patriotic churchman proffers to resign tho whole endowment fund of 20,000/., fortaining to the See of Newcastle, into the custody of the Synod of the church there, nnd al.-o the deeds pertaining to the episcopal resi dence. His lordship recommends tho election of a hoard of treasurers for tho whole diocese (anal- agous to the lords of tho Treasury of tho empire), that lie may have his mind freed from tho burden cf secular and temporal church business, and be enabled to devoto his whole heart, thoughts, and care to all tho spiritual concerns of overy church, Sucli piety, learning, und zeal for godliness and God, reminds one much of tho simple purity of Bishop Sehvyn, who, in the assembly room of tho Star and Garter at Richmond, proclaimed that lie was prepared to return to New Zealand ; for that if ho did not, it did not appear that any other clergyman would, as there remained no personal and absolute episcopal revenue. By doing as his lordship then and there proclaimed, what lias been the result? Six or seven dioceses, four or five more prelates in that province than some people think requisite, steadily and annually convoking meetings in Synod — all affairs dono by open vot- liig ; no whisperers, tattlers, or busy-hodies al lowed to got op a cloud of mischief; all hurmonv, peace, good-will, and brotherly love; and any amount of money wanted readily voted in tho assembled Synod of clergy and laity. Having regard to your spnee, 1 close for this time with rotei-ring to the Sydney Morning Herald of last hriday. Tnerein tho bishop explains the causes which led to the cicrgv und himself so acting as to appcur hostile, rather than favour able, to synodal assemblies ; that his reasons for writing so vigorously against the bill for legal ising Sydney diocesan synods, brought into the colonial Lower House by tho Frouiier, avere that they had gone harmoniously (both dioceses und both diocesan conferences and standing commit tees) down to a certain date ; but that all of a sudden, and without consultation or communica tion of any kind, the Sydney assembly of clergy and laity had thrown aside everything assented to between those two dioceses, the latter even de claring " no connection with any other house," after tiie fashion of some commercial concerns I iliu whole address ot the learned bishop con cerns all clergymen and laymen so greatly (as it is probable tlmi a general synod of the three dio ceses m New South Wales will bo convoked), tliut they cannot but do well at once to study what is being done, or lccoinmciiuud to bo done, in the Northern Synod, that Southern" churchmen may got themselves prepared and ready for action. I am, Sit, yours &o..; ECCLESIASTIC. 