. i '«-Tfl-nrr untro» OT ' un Eunait- | "\\*3PB'-* *,LT* naL^i 10 Itó»» oíf 'tíiiB morning an article oommentiojr, in rather severe term«, 01 « letter of . mine'which appeared in the HBSALB o Saturday last I- sm elad to mset the writer of th» «tiela-not only in tho inter coarse of private liff, bul .«Ten on tba arena of polemical warfare-ts I am alwayj «ure to find'ia' him tba spirit of a Christian, and iht ^courteiy .of a, gentleman. ft ia evidently his opinion ~6hat,in the letter referral to, I haye'avowed senti recota ineot sistent with my orced ai a pro'essed Pro -teatant I do not think so. I wrote "toe lettei Tznrriedly, and without much délibération; and yet,] da not see, upviH mora matóte reflection, anything wrong either in the spirit or general tendency of it : My sentiments have been altogether mlMindsrstcod, «nd wretchedly perverted. ' I hare received letter« upon letter*, on Saturday, j e« ter day, and this morning, ^warning me against the " Mother of barlote, and the .bomiaations of the whole earth;" and asking -sn "if I think it right to «ink as 1 have doue st a system of priestcraft and idolatry." Ism further told that, am unworthy of my position as \- naini.ter of,tbs Sydney Bethel Union," and that I am " in «Tanger ol'being left in the bands cf the editor of tho SEBALD, end of my own. Roman Catholio Christian brethren." Nay, one of these letter« goes fo far as to eisrge me with 'l»iog against the linly Ghost,' with beVpg ia league with the *' F» rle', whore of Babylon, ' ar.d »J " pleading fur the Papacy in all itih-llishaesa," Of -osarse, the writer of the artio'e in the EMFIBE does cot homologate these charges. Be does not even know of ? them, and, if he did, he wootd, I am certain, disown and .repudiate them. Bat ss these obargei, and other's Of à similar nature have been preferred against ?me, I think it right to meet'them, and to Blate dis \- "tinnily what my. sentiment* really are. Let it, then, t» known that I am a firm and conscientious Protest aiat, and that.I have.never shrunk on all befitting oc- casions, from maintaining and vindicating the doo -trinea of Protestantism, and from oondemniog what I »elieve to be tbs errors, the gros« and dangerous errors, of the Church of Romr. But, while I hold, with all -sincerity, end with a steady and unfaltering grasp, the .-peculiar and distinctiveprinciplesof my own communion, «nd will, I trust, by God's help, continue to do so till-the close of life, yet I respect, and will e'er ba -ready to defer to, the censoien tiona convictions of tbope who differ fruin mi», doing all I can to promote their \- temporal werare, and wishing them all.po.sib'e suooeas in doing " good to the sonlSjOf mes." Though I could \- 'sat with a good ocnacienoe, 'and without being guilty of . great ein, become. a member of the Romisn Cburoh ; . jrot'I believe, as firmly aa I ' dd in my own existence -tdatsalvation' ia within' her pale] and thtt thire have boes men in that communion of .singer* piety, fervent -uta', holy Hie, splendid' .talents, and high * Christian attainments. The BTS'TEH of Popery- I protest against, -the HES I love, many of them, with . tho, love of -cotriplirtnoy,*? and all bf - them' with tbs lave' ? of go jd »Ul ; ' and,- If a sing e hnmaa soul be saved through the instrbmentkUty of any'«sot, bo it Catholio or Protestant, 1 will rejoice, and thaek God for it. Did ll bel levo that Protestantism ia necessarily inconstatent with thia great principle of Christian charity, deolared ia Scripture to both« bon« of perfection," «ad one of ?tho main tests'of genuine discipleship, I W.emnly de- clara,! .would ..renonnsa the" le^^ of my fathers, -tbbagh"I ordoaitly love ' it,: and am ready, if need bo, to \- A'Sforlt ' I believe there is.salvation inthoOhorch of Borne ^ not bec?uso of Ppperv a« a system, but in spite -of iti'' Muoh ' ls o»ing ' to education and habit; -.od I cannot divest myself of the i.Jea that if my pa- rents bad been Cathöl o and I had been reared and \- trained in the Catholio1 faith from my earliest infancy, V. X WDuld at thia moment, in all probability, haye been -»-mamtier'of that eommonloii. I admire, arid lora «very truly good man, though belonging to a'denomina" rtiou that msv be rogar Jed os antagonistic to my own. -^Ai-the funeral of the late Father Tlierry I voluntarily . accompanied the procession a part of the way, in. order, .ito testify the high resptot I entertained for tho oba:ac tor.oTtbai zealous, sioglB-hetrtcd, and (Jhristiaa tain.'' I am happy in bsing able to state that'the ' Catholics" cf ri&duey; ha"ve always evincedtho same good will to ms -tba*I hate manitfB'.ed towards tSe.ni. In tho repairs \- and improvement! which, from; .time to time, I have » made on the Ma'¡bera' Chnrob, Ii mao Catholics haye ^contributed towards defraying the expense of these, os , wèH'às Protestant«. I' lore Episcopalians. Presby- terians, Methodists, Independents, and Baptists ; and I r would like to see them -all 'Incorporated, 'were that . - ipraotioaible, in one - vislldo Church."Bigotry," says 5 fir. Thoma«. Guthrie, ,''i» wane than heresv.'.'r,,0, tor. stronger " grow th, and V'larger; development of tho temevoien.ee of tho' Qospil,'in'thadomostiC oirole, in jiärtioullr ooTigTegattons, among the different religions ^nominations, and throughout the community at large. 'Would that we we'« all linked.together In the bonds of «a endearing brothel Hood' ; lost- aelfisbness and strife «nd evil soraiUes were pnt faraway from us ; and that .throwing prer^iéaon Other's failings and1' infirmities 'tBV \- miutle ot charity; we walked together- in 'the fear of the Lord and n the comforts of the Holy Ghost - -Let ns be kind to one another, and-love ono another, and sympa- thise with ose another, and watch over,each other with. . fiaren tal care, an'cl.promote each other's, bappines, and) ?comfort ' one' 'another' iii-:<J distress/ anni ? ''ebon- ? .wi one another io difficulty, and. ,forgive «ic a-ot'ier, and.pray far oq« 'anblher^ andVhen, by death's fell tench"1 divided/W carry one ahothet to our , grave«, let ai think of a" happy reunion in anothi r and ' Setter world, where our.lbWshaH!' bi perfect, our Joy ?complete, oar friendship uninterrupted, and separation -?eternalIyinnltBÓwr,-^ o t r.-t .:;;! -: .??.^i ''Tm ; 0 ^»l8f' ^ *^^ÓH^ Bita - " «gdiiy^g^,y»t1i, IffiS. ", , , ..... 