THE ENGLISH MAIL. s The P. and O. Company's steamship Madras, with the English July mail on board, was seen from Cape Otway about three o'clock yesterday, but her rate of speed was so slow that it was not for two hours or more afterwards that she was near enough to be identified. She will reach the Heads at an early hour this morning, and will probably anchor about noon. By the steamship South Australian, from Adelaide, we have received English papers of the 25th of July, from which we make the following extracts. The Wonga Wonga arrived as the South Australian was sailing, and Captain Pain, very considerately, delayed his departure for half an hour, that he might receive and bring on the latest journals : THE TRIAL OF DR. PRITCHARD. At ten o'clock on Monday morning, July 3, the trial of Dr. Pritchard, on the charge of murdering his wife and mother-in-law in Glasgow, commenced in the High Court of Justiciary of Edinburgh, before the Lord Justice Clerk, Lord Ardmillan, and Lord Jervis wood, The court-room was crowded, and many were disappointed in obtaining admission. The indictment charged the prisoner with administering tartarised antimony, aconite, and opium to his mother-in-law Jane Cowper Taylor, in tapioca, and in porter or beer. and in a medicine calledBatley's sedative solution, between the 10th and 25th of February, 1855 and it also charged him with administering on repeated occasions in February and March, 1865, tartarised antimony and aconite to his wife, Mary Jane Taylor Pritchard, in articles of food and medicine. The prisoner entered the dock at ten o'clock exactly, dressed in deep mourning, he was calm and self-possessed, and looked coolly round the court when he had taken his seat. He is a stout, well-built man, prepossessing in appearance, and with sharply defined features. He wears his hair long, and has a large bushy heard, but no moustache. The prisoner's brother, Charles Augustus Pritchard, secretary to the naval commander in-chief, Plymouth, by permission of the court, took his seat beside him in the dock, and remained with him all day. The prosecution was conducted, in the absence of the Lord Advocate in London, by the Solicitor General, assisted by Mr. Gifford and Mr. Crichton, advocates depute ; the defence was conducted by Mr. A. R. Clarke, Mr. William Watson, and Mr. David Brand, advocates. The prisoner's counsel moved the court to separate the two charges of murder, on the ground that it embarrassed the defence to try the two crimes together. The Court unanimously refused to grant the request. The prisoner was then called on to plead to the indictment, and in a clear distinct voice he pleaded "Not Guilty ;" and a jury having been empannelled, the evidence for the prosecution commenced about half-past eleven o'clock. The remainder of the day was occupied by the examination of five witnesses, three of whom were merely formal, and occupied only a few minutes. The two important witnesses were Catherine Lau mer and Mary M'Leod. Subjoined is a summary of the subsequent proceedings : Catherine Latimer, lately cook in Dr. Pritchard's service, deposed to the circumstances and events of the household up to her leaving it. Mrs. Pritchard's illness commenced in October, with frequent sickness. She went to Edinburgh to visit her mother in November, returning at Christmas. Her mother and Miss Pritchard who lived with her grandmamma in Edinburgh, came with her. Mrs Pritchard then appeared to be in very good health. She continued so for about a week, but after that became ill again. Witness was to have left the service on the 2nd, but owing to her mistress's illness she remained till the 15th of February One night Mrs. Pritchard exclaimed, Oh, Catherine, I have lost my senses. I never was so bad as this before. She was seized with cramp about the 14th of February. She was very ill, and called Mary M'Leod to fetch Dr. Gairdner. Dr. Pritchard was in the room when another doctor was sent for. He was crying and witness heard deceased say, "Don't cry, you hypocrite," or, " Don't cry, for if you do you are a hypocrite ;" and she added that the doctors were all hypocrites together. She told Dr. Gairdner she had chloroform, but she had never said so to witness. Witness continued in the service till Mrs. Taylor was brought back again from Edinburgh. Mrs. Taylor said to witness, " I don't understand her illness. She is one day better and another worse." Mary M'Leod, a girl of seventeen, housemaid at Dr. Pritchard's, was between four and five hours under examination, and gave her evidence with evident reluctance. She generally took up Mrs. Pritchard's dinner and tea, which she sometimes got from Dr. Pritchard, as he sat with his family in the dining room. Mrs. Pritchard often said, " I wonder when this sickness is to stop." When witness was sent for Dr. Gairdner she heard Mrs. Pritchard Bay. " Don't cry ; if you cry you're a hypocrite ; it was you that did it." On one occasion Dr. Pritchard sent her up with a bit of cheese, which Mrs. Pritchard tasted, and asked witness to taste ; it felt hot, and made witness thirsty. Witness deposed to the sudden illness of Mrs. Taylor ; she said she surely had her daughter's complaint. She died about midnight of the day she was taken ill; she was writing letters in the consulting-room at nine o'clock, and was helped upstairs, where she became speedily ill, and died. The prisoner had used improper familiarities with witness, and Mrs. Pritchard had seen him kissing her. Witness became with child to him. He said he would put it all right. She had a miscarriage. (Tnteiro gated Did he do anything to you to produce miscarriage? But the question was objected to, ob forming a separate crime not libelled against the prisoner, and disallowed by the Court.) The connexion was continued up to the time Mrs. Pritchard visited Edinburgh. He spoke of marriage to witness. He said he would marry her if his wife died before him. He gave witness a ring the your before last ; also a brooch the same month his wife died. He gave his photograph in the locket, but witness had since torn it out. Cross-examined.-Believed prisoner to be in joke when he spoke of marriage. The proceedings were resumed on the following morning. The court-house was densely crowded throughout the day. The prisoner was calm and collected, though looking a little less at ease than on the previous day, perhaps from the fatigue of long sitting in the warm court. His brother again sat in the dock with him all day. The first witness examined was Mcy Paterson, who succeeded Latimer as cook in Pritchard's service. On the 10th February Mrs. Pritchard was ill, and witness never way upstairs to see her till the night of Mrs Taylor's illness. Heard Mrs. Pritchard ex- claiming " Mother, won't you speak to me? and went in, and found Mrs. Taylor's body getting cold. She died the same night, and witness dressed the body, which had a pinkiBb streak on the left side. On the Tuesday before Mrs Pritchard died witness found habit of cheese in the pantry, and ate a little bit, about the size of a pea. After eating it she felt a burning sensation in the throat, and got sick and vomited. Her sickness continued from morning till night. Next day the prisoner asked witness to make some egg-cup for Mrs. Pritchard. The doctor gave her the egg, and while witness was beating it he came once o twice into the pantry and dropped in what witness took to be pieces of lump sugar. He said be would add the whiskey when it came upstairs. On pouring in the water, to see if I was not enough, witness tasted it, and remarked to Mary M'Leod it had a horrible taste She had the same sensation after it as from the cheese, and continued sick till four o'clock next morning. When Mary M'Leod came down to bed she told her the mistress was so ill that she would not allow the doctor to leave the room. Witness did not see Mrs Pritchard till the Friday. She was well a noon, when she saw her drink something from a glass, which the doctor took from her She became very 111 at five and excited. She was raving about her mother. She asked witness to rub her hands, and was mud cramped. She spoke about her children in coherently. About half-past one witness was called out of bed to make a mustard poultice and about five minutes afterwards was called upstairs. The doctor was in bed with his wife. She touched Mrs. Pritchard, and found her cold. The doctor proposed to apply the poultice, and to get hot water, saying She we only fainting; but witness said nothing could be done for a dead body. He said, " Com back, comeback, my darling Mary Jane; d not leave your dear Edward." And added, What a brute ! what a heathen ! So gentle, so mild." He asked witness to shoot him: and in answer to her rebuke, how he should stand before a righteous God, said, "True, Paterson; you're the wisest and kindest woman I ever saw." Thomas Connell and Richard King, two students of medicine residing in the house of the prisoner, gave evidence similar to previous witnesses as to the symptoms of the illness of the prisoner's wife and mother-in-law Dr. Gairdner and Dr. Paterson spoke to the visits they paid to the deceased ladies, and the prescriptions they gave. They minutely described the symptoms. The former thought Mrs. Pritchard was intoxicated, and forbids more stimulants. The latter said he could not banish from his mind that the symptoms betokened antimony, and refused to certify Mrs. Pritchard's death, the case being so sudden and mysterious, referring the registrar to Dr. Pritchard. Evidence was called to prove the temperate habits of the two ladies. At the resumption of the trial next morning, after some formal evidence had been given as to articles found in the prisoner's house, John Campbell, manager of the Apothecaries' Company at Glasgow, gave evidence as to the prisoner having purchased, at various dates from November, 1865, to February, 1865, tincture of aconite, terrorised antimony, tartar-emetic, and laudanum. On February 8 he purchased one ounce of tartaric antimony, and one ounce of tincture of aconite. On February 9 he purchased another ounce of the same person, and on February 11 two ounces of tincture of digitalis. Witness never sold an ounce of tartaric antimony to a medical man before. He had a large dispensing trade, and he was struck with the quantity of antimony sold to the prisoner, and also with the quantity of tincture of aconite. He only sold two ounces of tartaric, antimony in a year to the medical profession and the public in Glasgow. He spoke to selling prisoner since November last three ounces of Fleming's tincture of aconite, and said that he believed an ounce or two ounces would cover the whole of his other business during twelve months. The prisoner got more chloroform from him than all his other customers put together. He had been a dispensing apothecary for twenty three years, and in all his experience he had never furnished so much poison to any other medical man. John Corrie, chemist, Glasgow, spoke to selling prisoner, on 18th February last, two ounces solution of morphia, and one ounce Fleming's tincture of aconite. He also sold prisoner, on 13th March last, half an ounce of Fleming's tincture of aconite, and three times in the month of March last quantities of solution of atrophine. Dr. Douglas Maclagan, Dr. Littlejohn, and Dr. Gamgee, Edinburgh, and Dr. F. Penny, Glasgow, gave evidence as to the result of the post-mortem examinations of the bodies of the prisoner's wife and mother-in-law, and as to the result of the chemical analyses of the contents of the different organs. The substance of their testimony was that there were no morbid appearances in the bodies capable of accounting for death that Mrs. Pritchard had taken a large quantity of antimony in the form of tartar emetic in repeated doses which had caused her death, and that Mrs. Taylor had also taken a considerable quantity of antimony in a succession of doses in the form of tartar emetic, which had caused her death. Dr. Maclagan was of opinion, that in the case of Mrs. Taylor the symptoms described by the witnesses were such as aconite would have produced. If opium, aconite, and antimony had been administered at the same time, he would have anticipated the symptoms which Mrs. Taylor exhibited. Dr. Littlejohn was of opinion, after hearing the evidence, that Mrs. Pritchard died from repeated doses of antimony, administered in small quantities, and that Mrs. Taylor might have died from a dose of antimony administered shortly before her death, or else from some of the sedative narcotic poison. Tartar emetic could be readily beaten with egg ship, and a sufficient dose to keep up illness could be given in a lump of sugar. Dr. Paterson, of Glasgow, believed, after hearing the evidence, that the death of Mrs. Taylor was occasioned by a combination of antimony and opium. Mr. Macbrair, trustee of the late David Cowan, of Portsmouth, proved that Mrs. Taylor had control of £3,000 under Mr. Cowen's will, and that Mrs. Taylor had made a will leaving two thirds of that sum to Mrs. Pritchard, and, in the event of her death, to Dr. Pritchard, who was to got the interest till his children even Id attain the age of twenty one, and after that time he was to get the money for himself. In July, 1864, Mrs. Taylor had paid £600 to Dr. Pritchard. After some formal evidence, two declara- tions, emitted by the prisoner, were then read. In the first, made on the 2nd of March, he said his wife's last illness was gastric fever, and that he gave her no medicine at all himself, excepting wine, champagne, and brandy to support her strength, in order to procure her sleep. He said he had given her a small quantity of chloroform, but It entirely disagreed with her, and he discontinued it. He sent for her mother to nurse her, and he ascribed his wife's decease to the agitation consequent on her mother's death. He said he had never given his wife antimony but on one occasion, in October last. He applied it externally to her when she had a swelling of a gland in her back. He gave his wife a little bottle of any timony for tho purpose of rubbing in behind her ear. he used antimony extensively In his practice, and kept it in a cupboard in his consulting room. In his second declaration, made on the 21st of April he said that he was in no way accessory to Mrs. Taylor's death, that he never administered poison to her, and that he believed she died from paralysis and apoplexy. This closed the case for the prosecution, and the Court adjourned at half-past five till next morning at ten o'clock, when the evidence for the defence was commenced. The evidence for the defence lasted only an hour and a half. There was no attempt to rebut the medical evidence for the Crown. Two of Dr. Pritchard's young children were called to speak of the affectionate terms of their parents, and of the attachment between the prisoner and his mother-in-law. The prisoner was much affected while his children were under examination. The Solicitor-General then addressed the jury for the prosecution. He showed that the only two persons who had access to the deceased ladies, and had any opportunity to perpetrate the murder, wore the prisoner and the servant girl, Mary M'Leod. He argued that the gradual poisoning of the wife could not have been done by a girl of seventeen, and that in the nature of the murder they could almost detect the finger of a doctor. Mr. Clark addressed the jury for the prisoner. He began by pointing out the horrible and incredible nature of the crime imputed to a member of an honourable profession, whose function it was to save life, not destroy it, and who was now charged with turning his knowledge with a devilish purpose against two defenceless women of his nearest kindred ; he was also charged with the incredible crime of, while able to employ the more potent poisons, preferring to poison by slow degrees, all the time comforting and sympathising with his victims. He also went on to speak of the absence of all reasonable motive. As to the amour with M'Leod. no one could suppose that, having already had his desires gratified, he could have had any intention of marrying the girl ; much less was there any motive to murder his mother in-law, who was always ready to assist him in his pecuniary difficulties. He accepted the alternative stated by the Solicitor - General, that the murder was committed by the prisoner or by Mary M'Leod, and commented upon the strange omission by the Crown to ask Mary M'Leod whether or not her hand had administered the poison. Mr. Clark went on to show that all the poison had passed through her hands, while all the medicines and drugs in the house were in an unlocked press within reach of the whole household. He concluded by a pathetic appeal to the jury for a verdict of acquittal. The Court met again on the following morning, July 6, at ten o'clock. The public interest in the trial find greatly increased, and the doors of the court-room were besieged by hundreds of persons eager to obtain admission to hear the judge's charge to the jury. The Lord Justice Clerk went minutely into the evidence relating to the illness and death of the two ladies, directing the attention of the jury to the fact, and characterising it as " a very remarkable circumstance " that throughout, whenever the prisoner had occasion to explain to anybody what he thought was the matter with his wife, he called it gastric fever, when all the symptoms indicated the very reverse of her being under fever. His lordship also pointed out to the jury that the prisoner reported to the registrar that Mrs. Taylor had been under paralysis for twelve bouts, which he knew was an absolute falsehood and that the disease which Im- mediately preceded death was apoplexy, while the medical evidence had demonstrated that there was not a trace of apoplexy in the case. If he understood the theory ' of the prisoner's counsel 'aright, it was that Mary M'Leod was the person who caused these murders. Was it" conceivable that a girl, sixteen or seventeen years of age, in the position of a servant maid, could have herself conceived or executed such a design? and it she had conceived it, could she have executed it, subject to the vigilance of the husband of her victim, himself a axle cal man The jury retired to consider their verdict about twenty minutes past one o'clock, and returned in about an hour with a unanimous ' . verdict of " Guilty" on both charges. The Lord Justice Clerk then sentenced the prisoner to be executed at Glasgow on the 28th July, and in passing sentence said that the verdict of the jury proceeded upon evidence which could leave no reasonable doubt on the minds of those by whom it was on sidered. " The prisoner, who had maintained great 1 composure throughout the five days of the " trial, seemed greatly affected when the verdict was pronounced, and leant slightly on tin policeman sitting beside him; but while the sentence was being recorded, he completely regained his composure, and after sentence was passed upon him, he bowed to the judge, and also to the jury, before leaving the dock. After Dr. Pritchard's conviction he was removed from the bar of the Justiciary Court to the cell below, where he partook of tea. Immediately on reaching the cell where the refreshments were set, he said to one of the policemen who had charge of himself innocent of this charge." This was the only remark he made. On going to take his place in the van he covered his face with his hat, to prevent the large crowd through which he had to pass gazing upon him. On the ensuing night, July 7, the prisoner was very restless, like a perSon in a fever. He only slept about an hour. There were three warders with him all night, who engaged in religious exercises, the prisoner joining willingly with them. He frequently asserted his innocence to those around him, and said he had been convicted by mistake. It appears he was so confident that the verdict would be in his favour that on the 6th he stated to those around him that he would immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy, to join Garibaldi. On Saturday morning, July 8, Dr. Pritchard was removed from the Calton Gaol, Edinburgh, to Glasgow, under the charge of of a criminal officer and three- assistants. Before leaving the gaol he was shackled to the officers, and he remained fastened in this way throughout the journey, he appeared quite composed, and looked about him with the utmost coolness. The following extracts are from Dr. Pritchard's diary :-" 17th February, 1865\. Died here at one am,, Mary Jane, my own beloved wife, aged thirty-eight years; no torment surrounded her bedside, but, like a calm, peaceful lamb of God, passed Minnie away. May God and Jesus, Holy Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer till mine be o'er, everlasting love. Save us, Lord, for thy dear Son." ' CONFESSION OF DR. PRITCHARD. The convict shortly afterwards made a . written confession of the murder of his wife. The prisoner confessed his guilt to Mr. Oldham, Episcopalian clergyman, in a private manner; but Mr. Oldham requested that Pritchard should write the confession, and he did so. The confession states that Mary M'Leod, the servant girl, was aware that he was poisoning his wife, and that on the evening of his wife's death, when he administered a dose of chloroform, M'Leod was present. Prisoner gives as a motive for poisoning his wife his improper intimacy with M'Leod and denies that he poisoned his mother-in-law, Mis.Tajlor-who, he says, died from an over dose of Battley's solution. He confessed to having drugged the solution found in her pocket after death, but denies that it was poisoned before she expired. It was said that when his his other, sister, and daughter were present with him the day previous to his confession, the latter had kneeled in the cell, j and prayed him, if he had poisoned her mamma, to confess and it is alleged that he then acknowledged his guilt. The following is a copy of the confession: "I, Edward William Pritchard, M.D, M B.C.8.E., and L A.S., ac, hereby make in writing, in the presence of the Rev. H. S. Oldham, M.A., the following confession, for transmission by him to the proper autho- rities: It was when my wife was at Ki' men, in the summer of 1863, that I first became intimate with the girl Mary M'Leod, sleeping with her in my house, at 22 Royal crescent. This continued at intervals up to the time of our removal to 131 Sauchiehall street, She became pregnant in May last year, and with her own consent I produce a miscarriage. I have reason to believe that Mrs. Pritchard was quite aware of this, and rather sought to cover my wickedness and' folly. My mother-in-law Mrs. Taylor, cairn last February to our house, and caught Mary M'Leod and myself in the consulting room and the day before he: death, having apparently watched us, she said to me, in the same room, ' You unlocked her in the cupboard,' which was true but nothing more passed. I declare Mrs Taylor to have died in the manner I have stated and I now believe her death to have been caused by an overdose of Bartley's bon tion of opium. The aconite found in the bottle was put in by me after her death, am designedly left there, in order to prove death by misadventure in case any inquiry should take place. Mrs Pritchard was much better immediately after her mother's death, but subsequently became exhausted from want c sleep. I accounted for this by the shock pre duced by her mother's death; and, hardly knowing how to act, at her own earnest r street I gave her chloroform. It was about midnight, Mary M'Leod was in the room and in an evil moment (being besides some what excited by whiskey) I yielded to the temptation to give her sufficient to cause death which I did. I therefore declare before God, as a dying man, and in the pre sence of my spiritual adviser, that I am him cent of the crime of murder, so far as Mr Taylor is concerned, but acknowledge myse guilty of the adultery with Mary M Lee and the murder of my wife. I feel now I though I had been living in a species of man ness since my connexion with Mary M'Leod and I declare my solemn repentance of a crime, earnestly praying that I may obtain Divine forgiveness before I suffer the penalty of the law. EDWARD William Pniroiun: 'Witnesses, John Stirling, Governor; R. Oldham, and John Mutrie. North Prison Glasgow, July 11, 1865." Some days afterwards, however, whether influenced by what his spiritual adviser has told him respecting the universal disbelief 1 his statement, or actuated by his own for ings, the convict made another confession withdrawing the former one. Here it is '. full : Confession by Edward William Pritchard and made in the presence of an All seek God, and of the Rev. T. Watson Reid, ii present spiritual adviser, on the 19th day July, 1865, at Glasgow prison, for communication to the proper authorities', Ed wa William Pritchard, in the full possession all my senses, and understanding the new position in which I am placed, do make fr and open confession that the sentence of nounced upon me is just; that I am guilty the death of my mother in-law, Mrs. Taylor and of my wife, Mary Jane Pritchard ; that can assign no motive for the conduct wail actuated me, beyond a species of terrible ma ness and the use of ardent spirits. I here! freely and fully state that the confession made to the Rev. K. S, Oldham on the 11 day of this month was not true, and hereby confess that I alone, not Mai M'Leod, poisoned my wife in the war brought out in evidence at my trial. Th Mrs. Taylor's death was caused according the wording of the indictment I further son to be true and the main facts brought o on my trial I hereby fully acknowledge, a now plead wholly and solely guilty thereof and may God have mercy on my soul I pray earnestly for repentance, not to be repented of, and for forgiveness from Armagh God, through the intercession of our bloss Redeemer, Mediator, and Advocate, Jes Christ the Lord and Saviour. Fellow ore tures, pray for me and let me add I am charity with all men. I have now to record my humble thanks to all who have taken part in any way for my interest First their lordships the judges, for their great patience), forbearance, and careful consideration of my case, and to the gentlemen of a jury to all the officials. May each and I accept the thanks of a dearly penitent sins and may Heaven be their reward, is the la prayer of Edward William Pritchard." There is also connected with Dr. Pritcba another case, on which, perhaps, he may able to throw some light. Some three or so years ago a female servant in his employ h found burned to death in his house. Show found lying on her back on the bad with it lower part of her person much burned ; a the door was locked, but the key could u be discovered. At the time, the case eight grave suspicion that she did not come by 1 death fairly and it seemed almost incredible that a woman who was burned to den should be found lying on her back; she i trally would have endeavoured to save itself and the inferences drawn from the of circumstances was, that the unfortunate young woman was already dead before the bed took or was set on fire. - In reference to this circumstance a Glasgow journal of hctVcb * ' . Some facts have come to our knowledge connected with the mysterious burning of the servant in his house in Barkeley-terraoe, calculated to throw a deeper shade of suspicion over the occurrence than anything in the account of it contained in the narratives of the calamity. It is quite true that the door of the room where the servant was sleeping was locked, but it is not quite so certain that it was locked from the inside. The key was not in the lock, but was found by Dr. Pritchard in a room full of smoke, lying on the bed where the servant lay charred and lifeless. Nobody saw the key until it was in the doctor's hand, and how he could have so readily found it in so unlikely a place, and amidst the dense and almost suffocating smoke, remains a mystery that we fear points only to one solu- tion. On another matter viz., the motive for the double murder of which he has been found guilty considerable light is thrown by his relations with a wealthy heiress in Glasgow. The young lady in question had some £14,000 in her own right. Dr. Pritchard was on visiting and generally pretty familiar terms with the heiress, up in whom, simple and unsuspecting to a degree, no blame rests. Aware of her resources, the doctor sought a loan of some money. Before giving it, the young lady consulted a friend, who advised that the money should not be given. The advice was acted upon, and the refusal broke up the correspondence. The hiatus in the intercourse thus created rendered it impossible for the prosecution to introduce this episode into the trial; but, had matters all gone right, it is easy to perceive what light it would have shed upon the one point in the case on which no light full in court, and no light has yet fallen in his confession. The convict kept calm and composed, spending the whole day in reading the few books supplied out of the prison library, eating well and sleeping soundly. The following account of the criminal will probably be read with some interest;-" Edward William Pritchard is the son of Mr. John White Pritchard, a captain in the Royal Navy, and was born in 1825, at Southsea, Hants. After going through the usual preliminary education, he was apprenticed in September, 1840, to Messrs. Edward John and Charles Henry Scott, surgeons of considerable practice in Portsmouth, During his apprenticeship he is stated to have assiduously studied the elementary branches of his profession, and conducted himself with great propriety. On the completion of his apprenticeship, he came to London, and entered on his hospital studies at King's College in October, 1843. These, also, he prosecuted with great zeal; and his friends being desirous that he should enter the naval service of his country, he memorialised the authorities at the College of Surgeons to be allowed to offer himself for examination at an earlier period than was at that time allowed. His application having been granted, he appeared before the Court of Examiners on the 29th of May, 1846, and, after the usual examination, was admitted a member of the college. He then underwent an examination before the Navy Board, and was duly gazetted as an assistant-surgeon in Her Majesty's navy, and has several relatives in the combatant branch of that service. Those who know what the position of the medical officer in the Royal navy was at that time, and which is not much improved at the present time, will not be surprised that a highly-educated and accomplished surgeon should endeavour to emancipate himself from such thraldom. He, therefore, embraced the first opportunity, and resigned all connexion with the Royal navy, and determined on seeking private practice. Finding it was necessary to possess a double qualification, he presented himself before the Society of Apo- theories, and having passed the examination, was admitted a licentiate of the hall He had previously obtained (it is believed by purchase) the 'M.D. of Erlangen. He then proceeded to Glasgow, where he practised with great success, until his apprehension for a crime, second only in atrocity to that of the notorious William Palmer. While waiting for practice, he sought amusement and profit in the use of his pen, and became a laborious contributor to the advancement of general and medical science. Many of his papers are distributed through the medical Times and Gazette, and the Lancet, the Transactions of the Pharmaceutical, Obstetrical, and King's College Mr dical Societies. He was the author of a " Visit to Pitcairn Island,' ' Observations on Filey as a Watering Place,' The Guide to Filey and its Antiquities,' Coast Lodgings for the Poor of Cities,' &c.; Dr. Pritchard was a fellow and member of nearly twenty learned societies and institutions in the United Kingdom, and medical officer to several life assurance offices. In personal appearance the convict is a tall, slightly built man, about 5ft. 10in. or His. in height, with sharp pointed features, aquiline nose, and does not appear older than the age stated-viz., 41 years." _ THE ROAD HILL MURDER. Constance Emilie Kent was indicted at Salisbury Assizes, on June 21, for the wilful murder of Francis Saville Kent, at Road-kill house, on June 20, 1860. Mr. Karslake, Q.C., and Mr. Lopes appeared for the prosecution and Mr. Coleridge, Q.C., Mr. Edlin, and Mr. Ravenhill for the prisoner. At nine o'clock Mr. Justice Willes took his seat on the bench, and the prisoner was placed at the bar. She appeared dressed in black, with a thick black lace veil, which was lifted when placed in front of the dock. She stood firmly but meekly, with her eyes cast down and her hands clasped in front of her. Silence having been proclaimed, the Deputy Clerk of Arraigns said, Constance Emilie Kent, you are charged with the wilful murder of Francis Saville Kent on the 29th June, 1860\. Are you guilty, or not guilty ? Prisoner (in a low tone)-" Guilty." The Judge Are you aware that you are charged with having wilfully, Intentionally, and with malice, killed and murdered your brother ? Are you guilty or not guilty? The prisoner made some answer, but in so low a tone, that it could not be heard. The Judge. I must repeat the question. You are charged with having wilfully, intentionally, and with malice, killed and murdered your brother. Are you guilty or not guilty ?" The Prisoner (in a low tone)-" Guilty." The Judge The plea must be recorded. The plea was accordingly recorded. Mr. Coleridge said Before, your lordship passes sentence, I desire to say two things First, solemnly, in the presence of Almighty God, the prisoner, as a person who values her own soul, wishes me to say that the guilt Is hers alone, and that her father and others, who have so long suffered most unjust and cruel suspicion, are wholly and absolutely innocent-, and, secondly, that she was not driven to this act by unkind treatment at home, as she met with nothing there but tender and forbearing love; and I hope I may add, that it gives me a melancholy pleasure to be the organ of these statements for her, because, on my honour, I believe them to be true. Mr. Justice Willes then assumed the black cap, Mild Bald Constance Emilie Kent, you have pleaded guilty to an indictment charg- ing you with the wilful murder of your brother, Francis Saville Kent, on the 29th of June, 1860. It is my duty to receive that plea, which you have deliberately put forward, and it is a satisfaction to know that it was not pleaded until after having had the advice of counsel who would have freed you from this dreadful charge if you could have been freed therefrom. I can entertained doubt, after having read the depositions, together with the confession of your crime, that your plea is the plea of a really guilty person. The murder was one committed under circumstances of great deliberation and cruelty. You appear to have allowed your feelings of jealousy and anger to have worked in your breast until at last they assumed over you the influence and the power of the Evil One. Whether Her Majesty, with whom alone the prerogative of mercy rests, may be advised to exercise it by the fact of your youth at the time when the murder was committed, and the fact that you were convicted chiefly upon your own confession, which re- moves suspicion from others, is a question which it would be presumption for me to answer here. It well behoves you to live what is left of your life as one who is about to die, to seek a more enduring money, by, sincere and deep contrition, and by a reliance upon the only redemption and satisfaction for all sins of the world. It remains for me to discharge the duty which the law imposes upon the Court without alternative, and that is, to pass upon you the sentence which the law adjudges for wilful murder that you by taken from the place where you now stand to the place whence you came, from thence to the place of execution, and that you by hanged by the neck until your body' be dead, and that when your body be dead it be buried within the precincts of the gaol in which you were lost confined and may God have mercy on your soul ! While the judge was addressing the prisoner he was deeply affected and when he came to the part at which he alluded to the Evil One having moved her to the deed, he saw'- " broke down, and shed tears. At <\- -off During l}tóHvi,7, of the judgment there was a breathless silence in court and (after it was active and there was no movement for a uliDU,^). or two. After a short time, the P.rJvûrnorof the gaol intimated to the prisoner that she might retire, and she was at once conveyed to the calls beneath the court. Within ten minutes afterwards Miss Kent was placed in the prison van, and conveyed to the Wiltshire County Gaol. I It has transpired that the prisoner has made a detailed written confession of the murder, which possibly may be made public In it she gives as her motive for the dreadful crime hatred of her mother-in-law and dis- like of her brother. BANQUET TO THE HON. CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY. The Hon. Charles Gavan Duffy was entertained on Tuesday evening, June 27, by his friends and admirers at a banquet in the Antlent Concert-rooms, Dublin. Covers were laid for 150 gentlemen. Alderman J. B.. Dillon occupied the chair. To his right sat the guest of the evening, the Hon. Charles Gavan Duffy, Isaac Butt, S.O., M.P. ; J. F. Maguire. M.R.; Alderman Peter Paul M'Swiney, J. J. M'Carthy, and John George M'Carthy, Cork. To the left of the chairman were- George Henry Moore, Dr. Brady, M.P. ; Henry Sheridan, and Joseph Butler, T.O The vice chair was filled by Alderman James Plunkett. Amongst the company were P. M'Oftbe Fay, J P. ; James White, Anthony Fox, J.P.: James Crotty, Rev. W. Qunld.P.P ; Ignatius J. Kennedy, E. A. Hayden, Dr. Grattan ex-MP. ; James F. Lombard, J.P. ; Very Rev. James Dowling, P.P. ; Very Rev. J. Lynch, PP.; Rev. Robert Mullen, P.P.; Rev. Peter O'Reilly, P.P. ; Rev. Thomas Langan, P.P.; Rev. Luke Barton, O.C. ; Rjv. M. Waters, CO. Rev. Peter Molloy, CO. Rev. Peter Everard, C.C.; Rev. Michael Toomey, CO.; Rev. Anthony Grogan, 0.0.; Rev. Pa trick Kelly, P.P. ; Rev. P. Call well, Rev. J. Sherlock, &c.; Dinner having concluded, The Chairman, who was received with applause, rose and sad-looking over this room, I think I am justified in saying that there has rarely assembled in this city a meeting which more truly represents the Intelligence and patriotism of the country. (Cheers ) I shall be believed when I say that the object which has called us together this evening is one that commands my unqualified sympathy. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) I now proceed to my duties, the first of which is to read letters from those who are unable to attend this evening, and the first is from one whose name I am certain will be received with enthusiasm by this assembly, I mean his Grace the Archbishop of Tuam. (Loud cheers.) The chairman also read letters of apology from several Catholic bishops, including Dr. Leahy, Dr. Cantwell, Dr. Furlong, and Dr. Doirian. Letters were also read from Denis Shine Lalor, Esq., J.P. and Dr. M'Knight, Londonderry. The Chairman then proposed " Her Majesty the Queen," and afterwards, " Our Native Land." Mr. George Henry Moore acknowledged the latter toast in an effective speech. The Chairman, in an eloquent and graceful speech, proposed, amidst cheers, the hearts of the guest of the evening, Charles Gavan Duffy. The toast was enthusiastically received and honoured. The Hon. Gavan Duffy then arose amidst loud applause, and said I am rejoiced to stand once more on an Irish platform, surrounded by old friends and comrades, and in face of an Irish audience. In the ten years since we parted, it has been a source of sincere' pleasure to me to reflect that, whatever: small success I personally attained, went to strengthen our common cause. It went, ] fancied, towards proving that we were not visionary or impracticable in our aims, but that they were such as might have been worked to a successful issue if we only had had as fair a field for the experiment is Ireland as there exists in Australia. (Cheers All that we asked for the Irish farmers possess the fruits of his own industry it peace-has been more than attained in Australia ; all that we asked for the Irish nation to rule and possess their own country-was completely attained in Australia and when ever I saw any of these successes won, whether I was a mere spectator or an actor in the struggle, there rose to my mind the exclama- tion of Patrick Sarsfield at Landes, "Would to God that this were for Ireland." Standing in this place, it is hard to repress the memories of the past-of the twenty years in which I have had some share in Irish affairs and of the generous friends with whom had the happiness of being associated friend such as I never met in the world any more ' But I shall not be drawn into that theme Your presence here is evidence that you have judged favourably, on the whole, of my pal life and though it has been marked, in; most men's, with abundant errors and ends sions, I will be well content if those who are best acquainted with it are of opinion that in choosing my side in Irish affairs I stil choose that which I believed to be the right side, whether the sun shone or the storm fell! on it; and that I never preferred any selfish interest of my own to the interest of the Ids' people. It is still more difficult for met stand in this place and not to speak of the conditions in which I find the country, returned to it after so many years' absence. But if speak of Ireland, I must speak of my own convictions nakedly, whether they are likely to find favour or the reverse. In whatever I may speak I have no temptation, think, to mislead the people. I am not a candidate for a seat in Part ment, or for any other mark of power or distinction which the people can confer. I have never sought or accepted an; thing from their hands, to the value of a postage stamp, except the opportunity of serving them according to my humble capacity, as I never shall. And I positively declare the I would rather have continued to work as volunteer in their service than enjoy the highest distinction that any other count under the sky could confer, if they had on been true to themselves. I am addressing a IrlBhaudience,perhBpsforthelaBttime. Ishi take the liberty, therefore, of talking with e frankness of an old friend who has we the right of speaking his mind. Now, what condition do I find Ireland? In who condition does a stranger who comes from distant country, and desires to judge for him self, without prejudice or exaggeration, for it I leap over details and take the broad facts. On the far side of the British charm he sees England more prosperous than ev she was since the island existed ; her peel more content than they were within memory of history, with resources that a pear boundless, and which seem to expand proportion to every demand made on them. Ireland, under the same sky, and under t same Government, a universal depression, nearly universal discontent, and the bulk the industrious population pouring itself rec lessly into a foreign country. I am averse exaggeration, as one of the worst vices of a race. If it was ever sin of mine, Itrus am sobered by years and by political responsibility; but I affirm that for any people endure this calamity as it is endured Ireland is shameful and criminaL Why is endured? Is there any law of nature which the people of Ireland, of all people the face of the earth, are alone to be c terminated out of their own country (Cheers.) If there is no such law, in t name of the benign Ruler of the univer why should we endure it? I may be is that it is endured because remedy is her less, because all efforts to amend our cow tion have been made in vain. I deny that remedy is hopeless; I deny that all club have been made in vain; and I affirm to the Irish people are in their present disaster condition mainly because they have new persisted in any adequate effort to be relics of It. Oppressed countries do not obtain : lief by simply wishing for it, they must we for it some by maintaining sanguinary was some by arousing and directing pub opinion ; some by long, slow, persistent acts or passive resistance- to in government b all by sacrifices and exertions. So Ireh: won emancipation in a contest never relax forty years. But it is said we have or Parliamentary action to rely upon, and that has always failed, and ought to be i vanquished. Idle talk, We must do what wise men and nations do ; use the area within our power and make the most of the We must accept our position and act in it best we can. As regards Parliamentary else I assert that the Irish people have never give it the shadow of a chance. For thirteen yet I have had daily experience of what Part mentary government is what it can t and what it cannot do. I know how brok ireland is by famine and emigration, as yet I declare my solemn conviction, I declt on my honour as a man and on my faith a Christian, that with the means still at the disposal, if the people of Ireland, or a re sonable majority of them, were resolute determined to put an end to the system under which the population is perishing, th could do so. The power of a small army of men in Parliament who are prepared abandon all desire of personal advantages from their position, and? who only demand what is just, is immense. Less than twenty honest and capable men carried through the House of Commons in one session a measure of, protection for the tenantry so extensive as no one seems any longer to hope for-a measure which Sharman Crawford, with the best intentions, had been submitting to Parliament for twenty years in vain. And here is an opportunity at hand to do much more than this if we will. When, 13,000 miles away, I read the last census of Ireland, and the tragical emigration returns, and knew that a general election was at hand, I confess I anticipated a very different scene from any I find here just now. After an interval of quiescence, long enough to regain courage, long enough to show that there is nothing to be got by submission but contempt (cheers), I thought the country would have braced itself for another great effort that the whole remaining strength of the nation Would be evoked that our countrymen in England and Scotland would have been awakened to aid you, by exercising the franchise in favour of friends in Ireland that our countrymen in America and Australia would have been asked to aid you with funds to carry on this contest that the same policy which induced the Tenant League to proffer a seat in Parliament without expense to John Stuart Mill, as the most distinguished exponent of its opinions, would have guided the selection of candidates; that the same policy which induced Meath, Wexford, and New Ross to return their members without the personal expenditure of a guinea, would again he adopted (cheers); and, above all, that the real question at issue here, the existence of the population, would be put on a footing com- mensurate with its importance. I do not believe that a compensation for future improvements will stop the flight of the people and I do believe that it is easier to get a radical cure for that desperate evil than some temporary places. Nobody will trouble himself much for any measure the effect of which is doubtful, but a measure calculated to retain and protect the people would, I believe, evoke all our remaining strength. (OIkon.) What ought such a remedy to be? One as specific and searching, I think, as the establishment of the Landed Estates Court, by Peel, to root out the bankrupt proprietors. A genuine statesman who had to deal with Ireland would feel I think, that the Government does not discharge the duties for which Government exists, when it leaves the mass of the people no option but to live in misery, or fly to a foreign country. (Cheers) The most conservative of statesmen might well declare, as the principle of his administration, that if the landlords of Ireland care not obtain their privileges except at the price of destroying the population, they cannot be permitted to enjoy them on such terms. A man like Sir Robert Peel, whose aims in the latter part of his life, at least, were lofty and generous, would, I believe, have risen to the height of such an occasion. He would have planned a social revolution of the sort that has occurred, either by the will and guidance of statesmen, or by the rude force of the masses in every country in Europe, to curtail and regulate, or to blot out and abolish, the remnant of a feudal system. I can well conceive him framing a system by which the Irish landlords would receive as rent for the future only a reasonable fixed proportion of the produce of the farm and to satisfy the most scrupulous theory of the rights of property, he might accompany such a law with a provision for buying out landlords who objected, and placing the farmers in direct communication with the State, as their only landlords for the future. Has any one the smallest doubt that, if it were necessary to do this in order to save the English people, It would not be done? Is there any one here does not know that the possession of landed property in Prussia, Austria, France. Russia, and Belgium, has been regulated by much more sweeping changes? But I am well aware that there are serious impediments to reanimating public opinion. One difficulty, no doubt, is, that many men have got into their heads the idea that the flight of the people is not an un- mixed evil, as, when the population is low enough, wages will rise, and the prosperity of the industrious classes be secured without any changes in the law. But they forgot that the increase of population will soon begin again, and, in a generation or two, Ireland will roar a new race of paupers, for pauperism is the eternal condition of a people who are tenants at will on the soil. Others console themselves with the idea that the Irish people, if they are lost to their native land, are at least missionaries of religion and nationality over the world. Now, I have seen those unconscious missionaries, and trust me, the best place for an Irishman, and especially for an Irish- woman, is the country in which they were born. (Cheers.) I have seen them, under the best circumstances in which they can be placed, with perfect political and religious liberty, and I would far prefer to see them here, if you can preserve a shelter for them fit for human beings to live in. The only safe home for the Irish race is Ireland. But the most formidable impediment to doing anything effectual is the want of union. Nothing has struck me with more pain and astonishment than the bitterness with which feuds are cherished in Ireland. I have been away the one-seventh of a lifetime, and no- body, seems to have forgiven anybody else In the interval. Perhaps I may have been as much to blame as any one in this respect while I was here, but coming back like a stranger it strikes me with painful astonish- ment. And one thing I will say, that in Australia, when a fellow-countrymen came to ask my aid I never withheld it on account of his political opinions in Ireland, whatever complexion they may have been-old Ireland 01 young orange or green. I have lived last in a country which seems to me to set an example worthy of imitation in many respects to us here. There is wide and well-grounded discontent in Ireland, and it vents itself, as far as I can conceive, only in threats and reproaches, while in all important and substantial questions the wishes and interests of the country are permitted to be systematically set at nought. In Australia they do exactly the reverse. Their sympathy with the mother country is so strong that they pour out their wealth like water when England, Ireland, or Scotland requires it. (Cheers,) In senti- ment, the mass of the community, made up chiefly of Englishmen and Scotchmen, are actually more British than the British themselves. But, nevertheless, when any Australian interest is concerned they insist upon it as resolutely as if they were dealing with foreigners and enemies. Let me cite to you a couple of instances. The Imperial Government establishes a system of conditional pardon in some of their convict settlements, by which the convicts were permitted to go wherever they pleased, provided they did not return to Great Britain or Ireland. The colony of Victoria objected to this system, and represented to the home Government that the practical effect of this arrangement would be, that these condi- tionally pardoned convicts in all the southern hemisphere would flock to their gold-fields. The home Government would not condescend to alter its mind ; whereupon the colonial legislature immediately passed an act empowering the colonial government to put these interesting visitors out of harm's way in gaol. There is a power reserved to disallow all colonial acts during twelve months after their passing, and the Secretary of the Colonies in the English Cabinet of that day pronounced the act a most audacious interference with the Royal prerogative, and promptly disallowed it. Now what do you think this genuinely loyal and British community did? They said, you shall not, under the pretence of prerogative, or under any pretence whatever, pollute our home with the scoundrels you are afraid to admit among yourselves; and they immediately re- enacted the law which had been disallowed. (Cheers ) And it is worth knowing, as a lesson in political tac- tique, that that act remains the law without interference from that day to this. But you may say it was easy for them to do this with a Parliament for their mouthpiece. I will mention another case, in which the people acted for themselves. Last year, the convict question arose again in a new phase. A committee of the House of Commons, directed to report upon the best mode of disposing of the criminals accumulating in England, recommended that they should be sent in increas- ing numbers to Western Australia- a barren territory, occupied by a few hundred persons, and, lying on the European side of the Australian continent. The wealthy and powerful colonies of Australia remonstrated. (Cheers.) They showed that nearly all the grave offences committed on that confluent for a dozen years had been committed by ex convicts, many of them escaped from Western Australia and they demanded that not only should this project of increasing the number be given up, but that the convict establishment on that last tainted (pot on Australian Ball should he abandoned. The Imperial Government consented to give up the meditated increase, but insisted on still sending the ordinary supply of 500 convicts a year. The colonial Parliament was urged to return the convicts on the bands of the mother country but, though some of the most influential and some of the most conservative statesmen approved of the plan, a majority decided against it. There- upon a number of the citizens of Melbourne, with a gentleman of wealth, character, and Influenza at their head, Mr. Edward Wilson, who has described himself as the most loyal of the Queen's subjects, subscribed a fund to send convicts from Australia back to England, and commenced despatching every favourable speci- men of the class they could lay hands upon. You will not be surprised to learn that the home Government have since announced their intention of abandoning the entire system. (Cheers.) I wish Ireland would take the moral of the story to heart-that those who are determined to insist upon their rights get them. I exhort her from this place to lift up her head again, and not to despair. Wherever there are Irishmen they are willing and eager to aid you. The Ireland that is in America asserts itself; the feeble Ireland that is in Australia asserts itself ; the fragment of the Irish race in foreign countries in some degree exerts itself. Why does our mother Ireland only languish and despair at home? If they were the last words I over uttered to an Irish audience, I would say, do not acquiesce in injustice and misgovernment (Loud cheering, amidst which Mr. Duffy resumed his seat.) The Chairman proposed the members of the House of Commons present. Mr. Butt, M.P., who was warmly cheered, said because there- to do honour to Charles Gavan Duffy, whose honesty of purpose he knew, and whose devotion to Ireland had been proved. The life-blood of the country was being poured out in the expatriation of the people, and the great question was how to staunch the bleeding arteries. He believed security of tenure was indispensable to that self-reliance which would elevate the social condition of the people, through the means of manufactures. Mr. Butt concluded an able and eloquent speech, by repeating his desire to co-operate in every way with any effort that could be made to raise Ireland from her present prostrate condition. Mr. J. F. Maguire, M.P., also responded. Having glanced at his political course in Parliament for the past thirteen years, during which he had never betrayed the cause of Ireland, the eloquent gentleman proceeded to discuss the condition of Ireland, and expressed it as his opinion that the country could not make any great progress without the establishment of manufactures, not for local consumption, but for the world's markets, as such manufactures at present exist in the north of Ireland. (Cheers.) Dr. Brady, M.P., briefly returned thanks, Mr. Duffy proposed Alderman Dillon's health. The toast having been drunk with applause, The Chairman thanked the company for the compliment paid him, and gave the last toast on the list, " The national press of Ireland, with which he would associate the name of Mr. Sullivan. Mr. Sullivan responded, after which the proceedings terminated. Some days after the above, another banquet was given to Mr. Duffy, in his native town of Monaghan. In the course of an eloquent speech which he made in response to his health, he said: More than a quarter of a century ago, when I was leaving my native town a mere boy, I was entertained at a public dinner in this very hotel, and in this very room, by the best men of my native county, by the best priests of my native diocese. Of those who then came from distant places to bid " God speed' to the boy who was going from amongst them' many have gone to their last account ; but I find in the chair to-night one of the very men who put his hand to the work, and I see on the right and left of the chair venerable clergymen who were present on that occasion. Much has been changed in that quarter of a century since Last stood up to address a meeting in th Westenra Arms. But one thing has no changed. When I was a dreaming schoolboy; on the hills of Monaghan, I painted to my self, as the highest happiness that life could bring, the prospect of lending a helping hand some day to the dear old country; and now when my hair is tinged with grey, when have reached and passed the meridian of life I would as cheerfully stake all that is regarded as most precious in existence for the old cause and the old country. who remember when the mass of Catholics in the county were compelled to send their children to hedge schools or garret schools, to preserve them from the toils of proselytism, rejoice to know that you have erected and endowed Catholic college to secure the rising genera tion the inestimable advantage of a free an adequate education. And I, who remember having been shown the brain in a back yard near the shambles, where the Catholicsbrun! into mass, as if it were a crime to worship God saw with pleasure to-day the noble and state! cathedral, which will look for countless generations on the town of Monaghan. (Hear Mr. Duffy then said he was not much de posed to speak of the public affairs of Ireland on the present occasion ; he had already had an opportunity of being heard on that subject. Mr. Duffy, in conclusion, allude to the Orange riots of last year. He had read of them with shame and humiliation at the Antipodes. He would venture to present to the people of Ulster, as especially to the Protestant people of Ulster; an example from the country in which b bad last lived. Since be returned to Ireland he found that it was believed generally the in the colony in which he held office the majority, or at least a powerful minority: of the people and the Parliament wer Irish Catholics. In the Parliament of Vic toria, consisting of seventy-three member there never were eight Catholics, an never eighteen Irishmen, Protestant and Catholic. The Catholics wore a minority i whom justice might have been denied, as is denied in Belfast, but the Protestants and Catholics" of Australia have learned to live 1 harmony together, and perform their duty as citizens, irrespective of difference of cree (Cheers). In this, as in many other respect the old country might be proud to learn lesson from the new one. (Renewed cheers) EXTRAORDINARY CASES O POISONING IN SWEDEN. A Stockholm correspondent gives an og line of a strange case which is being tried one of the Swedish courts The accused M. Llndback, the pastor of Silbodal, in a province of Wermland. M. Larsen, a retin merchant, lived for some time with the past as a boarder. M. Lyden died suddenly son time ago, and suspicions having arisen as the cause of death, his body was exhumed, at arsenic was found in the stomach. ] Lynch's death had taken place as far back the 17th December last, and on its bail ascertained what had been its cause, it was remembered that on the 20th of November the death of a person of the name of Nils Pt version, of Farskog, had occurred and similar circumstances, on the 30th Never her and that a widow, Carin Hokin, seven. four years of age, had also suddenly died the 19th of October, with the same sympton In all the three cases death had followed soon after these persons had partaken of the coe reunion, which had been administered them by the pastor, Lindbeck, who was a confidingly arrested. Daniel Anderssen, t son of the widow Cairn Hukins, who had long been in bad health, and confined to bed, he also suffered great pain, and been seized wi violent vomiting soon after he had received the communion from pastor Lindbeck, thou; he had recovered from these attacks. TI led to further investigations, when arises was found to have been the cause of death all the instances that have been adduce Inquiries were made as to the reasons why there may have been for this wholesale d struction of life, and though none could assigned for the murder of Nils Pattersse and the old woman Hukin, except that of monomania by which the pastor was ended vouring to rid his parish of some of its inc grant poor, it was otherwise as to M. Lyse for as soon as he was buried the pastor pr duced an agreement, though it was a signed, by which the heirs of M. Tyson was intended to be bound to pay to the pastor, the death of his lodger, the sum 10,000 rix thalers, as being due for boat while he had been an inmate of the parsonage. It would, however, appeal that these have not been the first one stone on which M. Lindbeck has had access to such means for the purpose of getting qu of those who stood in his way for it now a pears that about thirty years ago, when he was curate at Dalslund, be was betroth to the daughter of a rich farmer, as having then succeeded in obtaining from the father of his betrothed, before payment a receipt for the price of some land which I had bought from him, the farmer a few days; afterwards died from poison, and his doug ter, who had thus been robbed of her i heritance, was shortly after turned out doors. It is said that Lindbiick has attempts to commit suicide by opening a vein, but was discovered in time, so that his desire was frustrated. He was committed to prise at Carlstadt. When put on his trial, he once declared his readiness to plead gull to the charge brought against him of having given poison in the sacramental wine to No Patterson, the widow of Hukins, and Dani inserted in, the last of whom, however, had n fallen a victim to his attempt. to con assign no other reason for having done be but a desire to obtain from his parish the riddance of the burden which the maintenance of those indigent people had entailed upon it but while he also confessed that he had poisoned the retired merchant, M. Lysen, who lodged in his house, he admitted that in that instance the hopes of gain by a succession to the estate of his victim had been the motive which had induced him to com- mit the crime. In that case he admitted that the poison had been given on three consecutive evenings in milk, and had consisted of arsenic, which he had extracted from a preparation that had been made for the destruction of rats. There are several other suspected cases of poisoning, in which the prisoner is believed to have been engaged, extending over the lengthy period of thirty or forty years. M. Lindbeck was subsequently tried, and sentenced to death. Before being taken into court he was deprived of his ecclesiastical vestments, and after sentence was pronounced the prisoner in the first instance addressed the judge, and then the governor of the province, concluding with a most affecting speech to the crowd that had assembled, in which he admitted that in his youth he had yielded to temptations which had led him to the Bar and miserable condition in which he was then placed, and strongly urged them to take warning by his fate, and asserted that though now deprived of all hope of much longer existence on earth, he still looked with confidence to Heaven for pardoning mercy. After this address he bowed most profoundly, and left the bar in charge of the guards, with the same dignity and calmness with which he had been accustomed to descend from the pulpit in the parish on which he has brought so much misery. ELECTION RIOTS. The present general election, so far as it has proceeded, has been marked by the occurrence of an unusual number of riots and disturbances, and a great destruction of property. At Cheltenham, unfortunately, blood has been shed, and the life of a man has been sacrificed. A messenger employed by the Liberals was walking down a principal thoroughfare, and shouting Borne party cry, when he was shot in the face by a Conservative elector, of the name of Glasses The unfortunate man died in a few minutes and Glasse, who had all day laboured under the greatest excitement, appeared to be horrified by what he had done. He avers that the act was unintentional. After the polling at Lincoln, a serious riot took place in the city, the rioters chiefly consisting of non-electors of the Radical party. As early as seven o'clock small groups began to assemble in front of the Saracen's Head Hotel but they were tolerably quiet until dusk, when a barrel of tar was procured and set on fire. This was carried up the High-street, and eventually rolled to the large doors of the hotel, and an attempt made to set them on fire. As soon as the barrel was consumed another was lighted, and the immense crowd, whose excitement had now become intense, commenced an onslaught on the windows of the hotel, which they smashed to atoms. From here the mob went to the residence of the mayor, and smashed his windows and those of Mr. Robey, a Conservative gentleman, were also broken. The military (the 15th Hussars) were called out, after the Riot Act had been read by the mayor, at about half-past ten o'clock. Several men were badly cut and knocked down. The soldiers, too, in clearing the streets, met with some very rough treatment, many of the rioters being well provided with large stones. At Chippenham, for nearly three hours the mob continued to demolish the windows, window-frames, and furniture in the houses of the more prominent Conservatives. In order to show their fi clings against the vicar, the Rev. J. Rich, the mob proceeded to the churchyard and tore up the tombstones, which they hurled against the windows of his house. Dr. Col hume, who has attained an advanced age, and was lying on a sick bed, could not be removed from the front room in which he was placed, and to protect him from the missiles thrown against the windows his servants had to surround his bed, holding boards to ward off the stones. It was at last found necessary to send for troops from Windsor, and fifty men of the Guards, under the command of Captain Heneage, were despatched by train, with sixty rounds of ball cartridge each. At Dudley Mr. Truscott's committee were compelled to advise the electors not to subject themselves to further danger and in- dignity by attempting to reach the polling booths. At Carlisle the rule of the mob was almost supreme and uninterrupted during an entire day. The police had to charge them several times when things were going too far, and put some limit to the outrages by-a liberal use of their batons. Mr. Lawson, one of the candidates, was covered with soot, and presented the appearance of a " Digger," and all on the hustings received similar compliments from the mob. At Oldham, the military were called out, but the riot was quelled before the Scots Greys appeared. A brutal affair took place here during the dis- order, resulting in the death of a young man named Mellor, twenty five years of age. It appears that some one, unknown to him, had tied a piece of red ribbon to his coat collar, and this being observed by a party of young men decorated with blue ribbons, he was denounced as one of the supporters of Messrs. Hibbert and Platt. One of his assailants, named Edward Hague, kicked him in a savage manner, and the poor fellow fell down in great agony. He was subsequently taken home, and died the same evening. Hague has been apprehended, and remanded by the magistrates. King's Lynn was a scene of great confusion and alarm on one night. A large mob, avowing their preference for " liberal" opinions, assembled and paraded the streets, armed with bludgeons, stones, for, making and Conservative demonstrations. The Conservative candidate, Major Walpole, was attacked by the crowd, and felled to the ground by a blow on the head. It was not until an advanced hour that the mob was dispersed by the police. At Nottingham the Riot Act was read, and the soldiers held in readiness. A fierce tumult took place at Hudders- field, where the polling resulted in the rejection of Mr. Leatham, the late member. Before the close of the poll the partisans of either side came to blows, and many savage attacks were made. The police were pelted with stones. TroopS had arrived from Staleybridge, and the Riot Act was read. At Leicester the crowd smashed the windows of several houses where prominent or objectionable supporters of either party resided ; but the constables made a vigorous attack on the mob with their staves, arrested the ringleaders, and succeeded in re- storing order. When the poll was declared at Taunton, much uproar was occasioned by the Conservative partisans in front of the hust- ings attempting to drive the Liberals from the ground. At Tavistock, the successful candidate, Mr. Samuda, was mobbed, and had to seek shelter in an hotel, whence he escaped in the night. At Sheffield the mob suddenly decreed that hats should not be worn, and destroyed every one which appeared in particular streets, and maltreated every respectable person who came near them, some of whom were severely hurt, and their clothes torn to rain. Considerable rioting took place in Grantham ; the polling-booths were pulled down, and the polling was adjourned till the next day. In Portsmouth a number of pugilistic encounters took place amongst the roughs, provoked by the brigade employed by the Conservatives and owing to the excitement which prevailed, and the fact that the Liberal candidates and the chairman of the Liberal committee were pelted with stones while passing through the town, it was considered desirable that Mr. Stone and Mr. Serjeant Gaselee should not make a public ap- pearance. Disturbances of a similar nature occurred at other places. OBITUARY. Tub Back of Denbigh The Earl of Denbigh died from a severe congestion of the lungs on June 25, at his residence at Hampstead. The Right Hon. Wm. Basil Percy Fielding, Earl of Denbigh, was born March 25,1790, and succeeded to the earldom on the death of his grandfather, Basil, sixth earl in July, 1860. De. Febouson.-The death of Dr. Robert Ferguson took place after a few hours' illness, on June 25, at his residence, Ascot-cottage, Winkfield, near Windsor. He was taken unwell at ten o'clock that morning, and was dead at six o'clock. The late Dr. Ferguson was in his sixty-fifth year. He received his medical education at Edinburgh, at the medical school of which city he gained much praise. As far back as 1823 he had obtained the degree of M.D. at Edinburgh. The late Dr. Ferguson was a physician-extraordinary to the Queen, and physician-accoucheur to Her Majesty throughout her confinements. Among his written works of note, his book On Puerperal Fever stands pre-eminent. The Hon. Mes. Selwin. This lady died on June 25, after a short illness. The deceased was the eldest daughter of the late Lord Lyndhurst, by his first marriage with Sarah, daughter of Mr. Charles Brunsden, and widow of Colonel Charles Thomas. She married in January, 1850, Mr. Henry John Sel win, eldest son of Sir John. I. Selwin, Bart. The late Mrs. Sold in does not leave any family. Mr. Isaac Tatloii.-?We have to record the death of Mr. Isaac Taylor, at the advanced age of seventy-seven. Mr. Taylor was trained as an artist, but his literary and philosophical tastes led him to abandon that profession, and for half a century he has been actively engaged as a writer, sometimes in period Heals,. and other times in the authorship of works of his own. He will, perhaps, be best remem- bered by his If attired History of Enthusiasm. - Mr. Taylor was a man of strong religious views. He was a dissenter originally, but for some time past has conformed to the Church of England. He did not, however, as converts - so often do, embrace any extreme action, bat was associated principally with men of the stamp of Dr. Vaughan and Dean Alford, combining what are called evangelical doctrines with the liberal tendencies of the Broad Church. His son, the Rev. Isaac Taylor, author of Words and Places, Is a clergyman of the Established Church, and a rather warm advocate of Liturgical Revision. The Rev. J. Guthrie. - The Rev. J. Guthrie, canon of Bristol Cathedral, and vicar of Calne, Wiltshire, died at his residence, at Clifton, on Thursday, July 6. Canorv Guthrie, who was in his seventy-fourth year, graduated bb scholar of Trinity College, Cambridge, in 1877, as 10th wrangler, and was also placed in the first class of the classical tripos of that year. In 1834, he was appointed chaplain to the Marquis of Lansdowne, and in the following year was presented by the Bishop of Salisbury to the vicarage of Caine of the annual value of about £850). Vice-Admiral G. Woollcombe.-Vice-Ad miral George Woollcombe expired at Hemer don, Plympton, on Monday, July 3, aged) seventy years. The deceased officer entered the navy in May, 1868, and served as midshipman of the Caledonia, 120, in the attack on the French fleet in Aix Roads; of the Loire, 88, and commanded her barge in the operations of the Potomac and Patuxent and of the Tennant, 80, and severely wounded at the storming of a fort at New Orleans, and was gazetted in 1815. In January, 1921, he became acting commander of the Owen Glendower, 42, and served with distinction in the Ashantee war. He after wards, while in command of the Bann, 20, made prize of a vessel carrying between 300' and 400 slaves in the Victor, 18, he was after wards employed on the Irish station and he was again for some time senior officer at Cape Coast Castle. He became captain July 11, 1830, retired rear-admiral September 27, 1855, and vice-admiral October 4,182. SPORTING. NEWCASTLE-ON-TYNE RACES. Wednesday, June 28. the Northumberland plate (handicap), Of 200 Sovs , added to a sweepstakes of 15 sovs. c each, 10 ft., and 5 if declared ; winners extra ; second to receive 50 sovs., and the third to save his stake; 2 miles; 83 subs., 26de- clared. Mr. Mackenzie's Brown Bread, by Weatherbit Brown Agnes, 3 yrs., 6st. 5lb. (Carroll) .. I Mr. W. I'Anson's Caller Ou, aged, 9st. (Challoner) 2 Mr. J. Barber's Maebotli, i yrs., 6st. 7lb. (Ward) 8 The following also ran In Toucques, Alice, Le Marechal, Brandy Wine, Revival, Little John, and Strong Beer. Batting 9 to 4 agst Caller Ou, 5 to 1 agst Brown Bread, 6 to get La Toucques, 7 to 1 agst Revival, 8 to 1 agst Le Maréchal. 10 to 1 agst Macbeth, 100 to 8 agst Brandy Wine, 25 to 1 agst Alice, and 100 to 3 each agst Little John and Strong Beer. The Race At the fourth attempt the lot got away to a pretty good start, Brown Bread, is ToucqueB, Brandy Wine, and Macbeth slightly leading to the Stand, where Strong Beer rushed to the front, and carried on the running along the far side; Brandy Wine going on second, Revival and Macbeth next, side by side, Brown Read, La ToucqueB, Alice, and Le Marechal at their quarters, Caller On, in company with Little John, bringing up the rear. Half a mile from home Revival was beaten, and shortly afterwards Strong Beer gave way, whereupon Brown Bread, with Alice, took up the running to the turn into the straight, where the front lot took close order, and ran in a cluster to the distance, where Alice, La Toucques, and Brandy Wine were beaten, and the issue appeared to be confined to Brown Bread, Caller Ou, and La Maréchal. At the half distance the old mare headed Brown Bread, and amidst the most vociferous shouting ever heard her victory was not only anticipated but declared by the public, but she died away to nothing a few strides from home, and Brown Bread, ridden admirably by Our roll, caught her on the post, and won cleverly by a neck a fine race home for the third place ending in favour of Macbeth, who was three lengths behind the old mare. La Marechale, who looked as well as anything at the distance, broke down, and running gamely home on three legs, finished fourth. La Toucques was fifth, Alice sixth. Little John, Strong Beer, Revival, Brandy Wine-all beaten off in the order named. CRICKET. THE GENTLEMEN V. THE PLAYERS. This match on Monday, July 3, on the Surrey ground, Kenninaton-oval, attracted, about 6,000 spectators. Play was commenced soon after twelve o'clock. The loss for choice of innings having been won by the Players, they went in first, and some fine cricket was exhibited all round. Humphrey took the "leger" with 64, and received the "talent"" money. Jupp played a fine innings of 48, and Griffith and Mortlock gave good contributions, the former marking 35, and the latter 38 (not out). The wickets fell thus One for 98, two for 27, three for 132, four for 138, five for 146, six for 140, seven for 164. eight for 218, nine for 220, ton for 231. The Gentle- men soon after entered on their inning?, and the stumps were drawn at half-past seven o'clock. On the day following there was again a large assemblage, to witness the continuation of this match. The Gentlemen on the previous evening, lost four wickets for 54' runs, Mr. Mitchell being left not out with 18, and Mr. Butler with 10. The latter made up his figures to 17, and the former to 63 for which he was presented with a new hat at the Pavilion. The innings closed for 103, being 68 in a minority of the Players. The bowling. of Willsher and Bennett was admirable; the changes were Shaw and Griffith (slow and fast The Players in the second innings again showed strong batting, Humphrey contributing 58, and T. Hearne, 77. Both received the " talent money." Mr. W. G. Grace and Mr. R. D. Walker started the bowling-,. and the changes were Mr. Wilkinson (twice), Mr. I. D. Walker, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Butler, and Mr. E. M. Grace. Mr. W. G. Grace and. Mr. B.D.Walker both went on a second time.. The fielding generally was good. Wednesday, the third day of this match, showed that It still created much interest, the spectators being very numerous. The Players continued their second innings, having eight wickets down for 236 runs, and they concluded it with a total of 284. The fielding was very good. The Gentlemen had 362 to go in against; and during the innings some fine batting was exhibited. Mr. R. D. Walker contributed the large score of 92, in which was a five, four fours, six threes, and twelve twos. Oa rob- ing the Pavilion he was much cheered, and a new bat was presented to him. In Mr. Mitchell's 33 were two fours, a three, and six twos. Other good contributions were made, and, though the total ran up to 234, the players gained a victory by 118 runs. The wickets fell thus One for 29, two for a" three for 75, four for 169, five and six (or 191, seven for 196, eight for 216, nine for 220 and ten for 234. The following bowled Win sher, Bennett, Greenwood, Hearne, Lockyer (who gave up wicket-keeping for a time), and Shaw. Score :-Plftyrrs-First inning?, 2dly second innings, 284 ; Gentlemen First innings, 163 ; second innings, 234. At Lord's ground, on Monday. July 10 a great match was commenced. The Players won the toss, and took first innings Humphrey and Smith batted well for their respective scores, thirty-eight and thirty-three.. H. Stephenson and G. Parr rendered good support, but the others were only minor figures. The bowlers were Mr were. W. G. Grace, Maitland, R. D. and J. D. Walker, Evans, and Mr. E. M. Grace, The wickets fell thus One for 68, two for 76. three for 77, four for 82, five for 94, six for 114, seven for 122, eight for 124, nine for 129, and ton for 132. The Gentle- men fielded remarkably well. Messrs E, M and W. G. Grace commenced the batting on the part of the Gentlemen, against the bowl- ing of Bennett and Wootton. Mr. W. G. Grace was run out with three; Mr. R. v. Walker followed, and contributed 13. Hon. Mr. Lyttelton was the next, and Mr. E.bl Grace was soon after given out ' leg before wicket, at which decision dissatisfaction was loudly expressed by some of the spec- tator?. Among Mr. E. M. Grace's hits were a six (through the tavern window), a four, and a two. The Hon. Mr. Lyttelton played a fine innings of twenty-four, in which were a Six (on drive), a four, two threes?, and two twos. Mr. Cooper and Mr. Mitchell (w"" large scores) appeared to be well in when play ceased for the day. On the resumption of the .. match the following day, the Gentlemen continuing their innings with four wickets down for 158 runs; they finished it for 198, Mr. Cooper taking the " leger" with 70, which was backed by Mr. Mitchell with 44, not out. Total of the innings, 198. The Players commenced their second with 66 against them; but, with the exception of Parr, who played a splendid innings of GO, no great scores were made, and the innings terminated for 140. The Gentlemen had 75 runs to get to gain a victory, which they obtained (chiefly through the batting of the Messrs. Grace), with eight wickets to go down. Score Players First Innings, 132; second innings, 140. Gentle- men First innings, 198; second innings, '77. AMATEUR CHAMPIONSHIP OF THE THAMES. The trial heat for the Wingfield Sculls, the winner to contend with Mr. W. B. Woodgate, was rowed on July 11, from Putney to Mortlake. The following were the entries and starters Mr. W. P. Cecil, West London Rowing Club : Mr. O. B. Lawes, Third Trinity Boat Club ; Mr. J. Lindsay, Clydesdale Amateur Rowing Club ; Mr. E. B. Michell, Meg sales College, Oxford. Betting 6 to 4 against Michell ; 6 to 2 against Lawes and 6 to 1 against Lindsay. A good start was effected at thirty-four minutes past four, just on the slack of the flood-a breeze from the west making considerable disturbance on the water. Cecil was first to get fairly into his pull, and went to the front, Lindsay, Michell, and Lawes being separated by a length each. More than 200 yards had not been rowed when Lindsay, the North countryman, pulled on Cecil, and obtained a lead of one length, pulling at a rate that it was certain could not be long maintained. Michell, with a fine steady pull, next dropped Cecil and breasted Lindsay, Lawes, working a good forward stroke, also lift the London man astern in the next dozen strokes, and, rowing between the Oxford and Scotsman, now neck-and-neck, picked the latter up as Michell went away fairly to the front. Seven minutes had not elapsed before Cecil was beaten hollow, and out of the trial ; Lindsay also exhibited signs of fatigue, and in spite of the shouts of his friends who followed in an " eight," he pulled stern on into a skiff under the shore, and smashed his bow to splinters-. The race now rested with Michell and Lawes, the former keeping a slight lead, and both pulling with tremendous exertion over the swash. At the Soapworks they fell in with two barges in their course, and Lawes passed the Fair on his right, while Michell, very cleverly and ing his sculls, went between them, leaving barely room to work his ears. At 4h. 46min. Michell and Lawes (12min. 55sec. from Putney) passed under Hammersmith bridge, the Oxford man having a good lead or a length, and still pulling away. Lawes, however, seemed capable of staying any time, and was coming forward with his ears steadily, pulling with a long swinging sweep, which perhaps for style did not look so telling as the more finished stroke of Michell, but which served him well. Midway between Hammersmith and Barnes, Lawes pulled on his left, and coming across Michell's Stern, overlapped his rival's right ear, the various spectators ashore and afloat evincing the most intense excitement, as they rowed the next 200 a side neck and neck. The Oxford man after this struggle began to show signs of overwork, but, making desperate efforts, pulled his left, and coming across Lavers's stern placed himself in his old position ; but Lawes still had too much strength for Michcll'spluckjBnd when they passed underneath the bridge at Barnes the Trinity boat was a length and a half ahead ; time, 24min. faced. Lawes, with plenty of vigour left, now went ahead by li myths, and Michell seemed to have barely strength to get his ears to and fro, and was quite unable to respond to the repeated calls of his friends. Lawes, on the contrary, was full of work, pulling hard to the finish, and getting over the last water by tremendous strokes, the crowd on the river's banks cheering and inciting him on. The Oxford man, now utterly used-up, seemed in danger of falling over as he made his last few efforts to pull on his oars, and finally gave in about 200 yards from home. Lawes arrived at the goal, and won in 30min. 28 5ths, ob- tained by one of Mr. M. F. Dent's chronometers. The final heat was rowed on Friday afternoon, July 14, by Mr. C. B. Lawes, of Cambridge, and Mr. W. B. Woodgate, of Kingston, the last holder. A steamer, with lithe umpire, Mr. Brickwood, and a number of spectators on board, followed the boats. The start took place from Putney, at six minutes past six, about fifteen minutes before high water; Woodgate on the Middlesex side of the river. Lawes directly commenced hard work, pulling his left very high and awkwardly ; Woodgate a quarter of a length behind, rowing a very finished stroke, which sent his bow to the front before they were 200 yards from the bridge ; but he could not pull away, and when they were half a mile from the start Lawes again showed in front, his long, powerful stroke seemingly Finding him there just whenever he chose to exert It. After passing Craven-cottage Lawes breezed into the middle, and Woodgate) again went slightly in front, but did not get clear, the followers on shore and afloat making the air ring with shouts for Woodgate. UponLawes pulling intothemiddle and making for the opposite bank of the river, Woodgate's pilot steered him there also, and seemed to use every endeavour to thrust Lawes among the rushes, or cause a foul, there not being half a dozen yards between their sculls, as they rowed level, Lawes close under the bank. Passing under Hammer- smith bridge, Woodgate was a. quarter of a length ahead (time 10min. 50sec), and after wards nearly succeeded in making its length, but Lawes, looking over his shoulder and seeing Woodgate's lead, rowed himself level in about a dozen tremendous strokes. Abreast of Chiswick Eyot, Lawes was three quarters of a length ahead ; but resting his sculls a moment Woodgate's bow again appeared In front, the lead, however, being only marked by inches; the next 200 yards proved very exciting for the spectators, being rowed level, until they arrived abreast of Chiswick Church, when Lawes, by a series of desperate plunges, pulled his boat three-quarters of a length ahead, and every successive stroke increased the lead, Woodgate labouring without strength for any exertion sufficient to again place him by the side of li h more vigorous and muscular opponent. Passing White House Lawes was quite four lengths ahead, occasionally easing himself, and dashing away apparently with all the heavy strength he started with. Upon dealing Barnes-bridge Lawes was quite seven lengths ahead (22min. 45sec ), all exertion being out of Woodgate, who still, however, rowed a very finished stroke. Lawes arrived off Mortlake and terminated the race in 27min 4sec. 2-10ths time, as taken by one of Mr. M. F. Dent's chrono- graphs. Woodgate was nine or ten lengths astern, and was fairly beaten after passing Chiswick Church. A foul was claimed for Woodgate, who wished to tow the heat again another day ; but the umpire decided at once that Lawes won fairly, and that his rival ought not to have pressed him so closely. FOREIGN NEWS. AMERICA. Advices from all parts of the South repre Event the condition of the freedmen to be deplorable. The question of granting franchise to the negro is still vigorously agitated, although, of course, no positive action in the matter can be taken until Congress meets. Several anti-slavery conventions have recently been held, and the light of the negro to vote warmly advocated. Throughout the North generally contests between the blacks and whites are of dally occurrence. Southern advices furnish further confirmation of previous reports as to the terrible ravages of the war in that section. The Richmond Republican estimates the total losses of the South by the war at over 5,000,000,000 dollars, distributed as follows Value of slaves emancipated, 2,400,000,000 dollars by direct ravages of war. in Georgia, 100 000,000 dollars in South Carolina. 100000,000 dollars; in North Carolina, 75,000,000 dollars; in Virginia, during the four years, 250.000,000 dollars in 'f enness and Missouri, each 75,000,000 dollars; in Kentucky, Arkansas, and Alabama, each 30,000,000 dollars; the loss on four cotton crops, 1,000,000,000 dollars ; four tobacco and rice crops, 200,000,000 dollars; responsibility In national war debt, in gold, 500,000,000 dollars Mr. John Mitchel, one of the editors of the New York Daily News, and recently of one of the Richmond papers, was arrested on June 14, and sent to Fortress Monroe. The public were first informed of the fact by two large placards in front of the News office, on which was printed the announcement that John Mitchel had been arrested by military power, and carried off. Naturally, among his friends, this summary proceeding caused considerable surprise, and more alarm. Neither surprise nor alarm was, however, of the least avail. Mr. Mitchel's career was suddenly ended. The facts connected with the arrest areas followers had been determined a week before by the Washington authorities that Mr. Mitchel's arrest should be speedily made, ned his journalistic opportunities suspended for the present. For reasons entirely satisfactory, the matter was deferred until the 14th, when General Dix detailed Lieutenant William Morris, of the 20th New York Sat tery, and Detectives Elder and Kelso, on the capturing party. Taking a carriage, they role to the office of the News. They were shown to the office of the proprietor, Mr. Benjamin Wood, to whom they simply remarked that they desired to see Mr. Mitchel. This being a matter of frequent occurrence excited no surprise or apprehension in Mr. Wood's mind, and he conducted them to the adjoining office, in which eat the object of their visit busily engaged in writing. Touching him on the shoulder, one of the officers announced his errand, when Mr. Mitchel desired him to remove his hand, and Lieutenant Morris, interfering, said, 'Take your hand off, officer, Mr. Mitchell will go with you without any difficulty. Entering the office of Mr. Wood, Mr. Mitchell said I am arrested. To which Mr. Wood replied that he deemed it an outrage, and that he extremely regretted it. Without further words, and without further delay, Mr. Mitchell went to the door, entered the carriage with the party, and was driven to headquarters He was there informed of the nature of the order received by General Dix, which was peremptory, and entirely without discretionary power, and was then taken quietly to the small boat of the general's private steamer, the Burden, which lay with steam up in the North River, waiting for her solitary passenger. Information of every kind was denied the press by the officer on duty at head-quarters. Whether they know any more about it than the press is a matter of question, but their orders are precise, and they cannot break them. The more intimate political friends of Mr. Mitchel had been in readiness for this phase in his chequered career, and it was said that a habeas had been obtained for the emergency, but, unfortunately for him, long before his friends knew of his apprehension, he was gone. It was believed by many that a letter written by Mr. Mitchel in the News was the immediate cause of his arrest. The letter closed thus 3-21 ask leave of nobody to ce me to this city, and to write in the News. Further, I do not conceive myself to be here and going at large by virtue of the amnesty' that some papers have mentioned. Neither have I asked any person,' and I trust the President will not press a pardon up in me, until I shall have been first convicted of something. I should be obliged, with thanks for his politeness, to decline it." It was believed that Mr. Mitchel was held to answer for giving aid and comfort to the enemies of the United States, especially in regard to the treatment of Federal prisoners. On the 7th of July, in accordance with the findings and sentence of the military commission, approved by President Johnson, four of the alleged assassins of the late President of the United States, namely, Herald, the companion of Booth, the actual murderer ; Payne, who attempted the murder of Mr. Seward ; the German, Atzerott, who sought to slay the then Vice president of the United States, now the President, Mr. Johnson and the woman Surratt, were hanged at Washington. Three others of the gang, viz, Arnold, O'Loughlin, and Mudd (the medical man who declared", Booth, and provided him with crutches), have been condemned to imprisonment for life and the eighth, Spangler, the stage carpenter of the theatre in which Lincoln was so foully murdered, and who cleared the stage to facilitate the escape of Booth, has been sentenced to six years in the Penitentiary. THE EXECUTIONS AT WASHINGTON. Washington despatches give the following details of the four persons who were hanged for participation in the assassination project : " Early to-day (7th July) guards were placed all round the Arsenal grounds to prevent the intrusion of persons to the scene of execution, none being admitted excepting those previously supplied with tickets by Major-general Hancock. The relatives of Mrs. Surratt and Herold spent several hours with them during the forenoon, and they were also attended by their spiritual advisers, as were also Payne and Atzerott. A few minutes after one o'clock the outer prison door was opened, and Mrs. Surratt was supported on her way to the gallows by two military officers. Next followed Atzerott, Herold, end Payne, accompanied by a guard and their respective ministers of the Gospel, Front seats were provided for them on the platform in the following order-Mrs. Surratt, Payne, Herold, and Atzerott. The officers entrusted with the execution and the ministers occupied intermediate positions. Major General Hartranft, who has been since the commencement in charge of the prisoners, came forward and read the order of the War department, approving the sentences, and ordering the penalty of death to be inflicted. A heavy guard was stationed on the walls surrounding the grounds, while below soldiers were formed on two sides of a i quare. Several hundred civilians were present, anxious spectators of the solemn scene. One of the priests attendant on Mrs. Surratt repeated a short prayer, to which Payne, who was stated next to her, attentively listened. The minister who had been administering to Payne, expressed in the name of the latter his sincere thanks to General Hartranft and the officers and soldiers who had charge of him for their personal kindness. They had not uttered an unkind word nor given an unpleasant look or gesture, but seemed to compassionate his misfortune, 'The minister then uttered a brief prayer, asking for Payne the forgiveness of all his sins, and a passage out of this world into the joys of Heaven. The minister who attended Harold also returned thanks for the kind treatment of the prisoner, and offered a Player that God would receive his soul. Herold was affected to tears. The minister who attended Atzerott also returned for him thanks to General Hartranft and other e Akers for kind attentions, and then invoked the mercy of God upon the prisoner. The condemned were then required to rise from their seats, when the chairs were removed. 'They were now all on the drops. Their hands were fastened behind them, and their legs bandaged both below and above the knees, and white caps placed over their heads. Atzerott, while being prepared for execution, exclaimed, ' Gentlemen, farewell ! Take care ! and Goodbye, gentlemen, now before me ! ' One of the clergymen standing near exclaimed, ' May we all meet in the other world.' As I soon as the noose was placed around each neck, Mrs. Surratt's being the last one adjusted, the section of the platform on which they had been standing suddenly fell, and the culprits were hanging several feet from the ground. Mrs. Surratt and Payne scarcely moved a muscle. Atzerott exhibited some twitchings, but Herold showed more nervous sensibility than any of the others. The bodies hung until life was extinct, and were afterwards given over for burial, the rough coffins being already at hand for that purpose. The arrangements for the execution were perfect. Major-General Hancock was present throughout the proceedings. It is said Payne made a statement on behalf of Mrs. Surratt, exonerating her from complicity, and that another person subscribed to an affidavit im- reaching the testimony of an important witness against her." FRANCE. The Corps Legislatif closed its sitting on July 6. The Vice-President, M. Schneider, in his farewell address to the House, said they would probably reassemble early in January next. He pointed out the importance of the matters discussed during the present session, and the liberty of the debates, in which, he added, "political controversies have largely entered. Far be it from me to complain of this, since these controversies respond that which. occupies the public mind and enlighten the nation. They cannot but strengthen a Government such as that of the Emperor." Previous to its prorogation the Chamber adopted, by an immense majority, the bill for the execution of new public works in Algeria. The "Bonaparte quarrel may now be considered, at an end. Prince Napoleon, after having two interviews with the Emperor, has gone to Havre and the Prefect of Corsica, who had been summoned to Paris to give an account of his proceedings at the time of the Ajaccio speech, has obtained the full approval of the Emperor for his conduct on the occasion, The Universal Exhibition, to be held in Paris in 1867, will receive the works of art and the productions of agriculture and manufactures of all nations. It will take place in the Champs de Mare, in a temporary edifice. Round the palace of the exhibition a park will be made to receive living animals and growing plants, as well as other objects which cannot be installed in the principal edifice. The exhibition will open on April 1, and close on October 31. It is reported in Paris that there is to be a reduction of the French army by about 80,000 men-a proceeding which will relieve the exchequer to the amount of thirty million france, besides affording an additional evil thereof the pacific tendency of the French Government. Marshal MacMahon has arrived in Paris. , " " The recent elections in some of the department, to fill up the vacancies in the municipal and general councils, attest the continuance of the political movement which was first remarked in the last general election to the Legislative Chamber. There is hardly a place where there is not a contest. In the Meurthe, the independent candidate has been chosen by near 600 majority and in one canton of the SaOne-et-Loire, another has had thirty- nine votes over his opponent. The mayor?, too, seem to be catching the contagion. The mayor of Valence (Drome) has issued an address to the electors in which he states that the municipal administration have hailed with great pleasure declaration of the Minister of the Interior, theatre population were to be influenced only by their own sense of what was right. The French Government has resolved on the erection of Algiers into an archbishopric, with suffragan bishops at Oran and Con- stantine. After an interview which Abd-el-Kader and Marshal MacMahon had recently with the Emperor Napoleon, a rumour got abroad that the emir had expressed his willingness to take the rule of Algeria and held the office, as feudatory of France. The emir himself is the tion of the day in Paris. He drives daily in the Bois de Boulogne. Although as lithe and active as ever, he is much older in appearance, and his once fine black beard has become as white as snow. ITALY. Signor Vegfzzl has returned to Florence after his bootless Roman mission. It is still, however, asserted in some quarters that the negotiations between the Italian Government and the Papacy are not definitely broken off, but that they will be renewed sooner or later ; perhaps after some modifications have taken place in the Florence Cabinet. Meanwhile, popular dislike to all negotiation with some continues to find expression in public meetings in various parts of Italy. The Opinions of Florence, the journal which represents the views of the Government, sets forth in an article the result of the negotiations with the Pope. It appears that the Pope rejects the condition which would require the oath of allegiance to the King to be taken by the bishop, but by consents to order the latter to yield obedience to the laws and the state. The Pope and the Government have come to an understanding in reference to the return to their sees of bishops? whose presence would in nowise compromise public nationality. So far, therefore, the return of those prelates is the only distinct result of the negotiations. But the Opinione holds out a sort of vague hope that the negotiations now broken off may be resumed as soon as circumstances and the policy of the two parties render a renewal of them expedient. The Government has presented a report to the King upon the recent negotiations with Rome. The negotiations it appears were adopted at the request of the Pope, the Italian Government stipulating that the conferences should be strictly confined to the filling the vacant sees and other ecclesiastical matters, eli political questions being entirely excluded. At the commencement of the negotiations the Papal Government exhibited a conciliatory disposition, and hopes were entertained of a favourable conclusion to the conferences. The Naples papers continue to be full of somewhat vague reports regarding the brigand Giordnllo, recently arrested, and the revela- tions which are made by him. These revelations are reported to implicate many per- se as hitherto deemed honourable and trustworthy, but whom Giardullo now accuses of having been the patrons and promoters of brigandage. The papers, however, do not publish any names, rightly thinking than an impeachment by a captured assassin is not the kind of evidence to be accepted without substantial corroboration. Nothing is said about the fate of the Englishman who had been captured. AUSTRIA. There has been a Ministerial crisis in Vienna, the cause of which does not clearly appear. A new Cabinet is, however, now formed ; its members are Count Menedorff, President of the Council, Minister of Foreign Affairs, and of the Emperor's household ; Count Beloved), Minister of the Interior for the western part of the empire ; Count Lariscb, Finance M de Korner's, Justice ; Count Maurice Esterhazy remains Minister for Hungary, without portfolio; General Frank and M. de Burger continue Ministers of War and Marine M de Mnylath, Chancellor of Hungary. No decision has yet been come to as to the Chancel- for of Croatia and Transylvania and likewise, the Ministers of Public Worship and of Commerce are not named. Count Palffy has been removed from the office of Governor of Hungary. The liberal tendencies of the Austrian Government are, it is said, to assume a practical shape, by an amnesty of all Polish and Hungarian political prisoners. PRUSSIA. Dr. Jacoby, of the Prussian Landtag, has been sentenced to six months' imprisonment, for having, at a public meeting at Berlin, called upon his constituents to refuse to pay the taxes to onunconetitutional Government. Dr. Jacoby, a physician at Konigsberg, is a man well known for courage, integrity, and the services he has rendered his country in its constitutional struggles. His many pamphlets have frequently brought down legal prosecution upon his devoted head, but always ended in his acquittal. This is the first time he had been actually convicted. Dr. Franze!, another able member of the Lower House, has had also two months' imprisonment awarded to him, for speaking disrespectfully of the King at a public meeting. The Prussian Government is determined to try the patience of the people. Banquets to the Liberal deputies, organised at Cologne and Deutz, have been broken up by the police, although the Provincial Court of Justice has recorded a decision against the legality of the proceeding. The people, however, are determined to test the question, and a similar banquet is in progress at Bremen ; while a mi sister gathering of workpeople is being organised in Berlin, to try the right of public meeting. It is reported from Vienna that during several days past there has been a very unpleasant correspondence between the Prussian and Austrian Governments. M. von Bismark refused to reduce the Prussian force in the duchies, " because the presence of the Duke of Augustenburg in the neighbourhood of Kiel causes a great political fer- ment in Holstein;" and Count Lamsdorff has directed Baron Halbhuber, the Austrian commissary, to inform the Schleswig-Holstein authorities that they are not bound to make provision for such a large Prussian force as is now in the duchies. A few days ago it came to the knowledge of the Prussian Government that there would be a great demonstration in favour of the Duke of Augustenburg on the 6th of July, when that prince would be thirty-six years of age. M. von Bismark at once gave instructions to Baron Zedlltz, the Prussian commis- sary, to proclaim martial law in the Duchies, which accordingly has been done. On learn- ing this Baron Halbhuber applied to his Government for instructions, and he was told that the civil authorities must be called on to maintain peace and order should there be disturbances, but that the Imperial Cabinet saw no harm in a body of unarmed men going to shout "Vivat" under the windows of a prince for whom they have a strong predilec- tion. fc BELGIUM. The absence of the Duke of Brabant and the Count of Flanders from Belgium is caused, it is said, by a difference which has occurred in the Royal family. The King has lately given the son of the lady with whom he was said a short time ago to have contracted a morganatic marriage the title of Count of Ardennes, which was regarded as an affront by the two princes in question. A re- conciliation is said to have just taken place between the King and the two princes. His Majesty has been for some time seriously in- disposed. _ MISCELLANY. (from the home news, July 26) The Election for Oxford The most interesting struggle of all was that at Oxford University," which Mr. Gladstone represented for eighteen years, and represents no longer. The University proper would have gladly re elected him, and he polled 400 votes more than ever. But, by a recent act, men are allowed to poll by proxy papers, and these overthrew the Chancellor of the Exchequer. The outlying members country squires and parsons, and the like-whose stagnation has been perturbed by their being told that Mr. Gladstone is an enemy of the Church, poured in their papers, and he was beaten. Mr. Gathorne Hardy sits in his place, a gentleman, a scholar, and a very " safe" man indeed. In less than an hour from the declaration of the Oxford poll, Mr. Gladstone was addressing a meeting at Liverpool, and in two days more he was member for South Lancashire, a Conservative seat having been stormed and taken for him. As Mr. Tenniel, Punch's artist, sets forth in a capital cartoon, "Pegasusis iinhamtBEed." But let it be repeated, for the honour of the grand old University, that it was not the teachers or the educated minds that ejected the future Premier of England. Lord Derby and tub Irish Elections. In Ireland the Liberals have been very successful, and among other triumphs they have broken into the celebrated Dublin Six," and turned out Mr. Vance. Here it should be said that just before the dissolution Lord Derby did one of those things which madden his party, and make some of his men say bitterly that he is determined not to leave office. He made a speech on the bill for the modification of the Catholic Oath. which bill be caused to be rejected, and talked in his old reckless way of the necessity of "muzzling" enemies. This speech, which was either well judged of all judged, according to the belief in Lord Derby, has done the party great mischief, and the phrase being one that could be perfectly understood by the lower order of voters, it is needless to say that the Liberals made the best use of it wherever there was a Roman Catholic population to be appealed to. Same say that it lost the Conservatives twenty seats, but this I is probably exaggeration. There is no doubt, however, that if Lord Derby desired to put the drag chain on the Conservative chariot, be could not have done so more efficiently, and it would be edifying to hear Mr. Disraeli on the subject. He deerstalker of muzzles, he only dissuaded the Catholics from seeking further relief, as it might injure them by exciting Protestant hostility. The Election Riers. There has been more than the usual amount of riots. Some lives have been lost, many houses have been wrecked, and much property has been destroyed. The causes of these outrages have been by no means apparent, for, although party opposition ran high on both sides, there was no party cry on either, and in some cases the political differences between the candidates were so slight as to render the result a matter of comparative indifference. Tub Lord Chancellorship We have a new old Lord Chancellor. Lord Westbury was again assailed by the Conservatives, led by Mr. Hunt, and a resolution of censure was moved. It amounted to a charge of corrup- tion. An amendment was moved by Mr. Bouverie, a Whig and a severe struggle took place, the Ministry fighting well for their man, but being defeated by 177 to 183. It was then announced that for the convenience of public business, Lord Westbury would occupy his place until the close of the session, and would then resign. He subsequently announced his resignation to the Lords in a very becoming speech, in which he said that he bowed to the opinion of the Commons, but hoped that at no distant date he should be regarded with other feelings. There was some speculation as to his successor. Sir Roundell Palmer, the Attorney General, of course had a light to the place, but he has no private property, and has a large family, so that be wisely preferred continuing to make his £20,000 a year, to going into the Lords as a comparatively poor peer. He will, no doubt, be Chancellor some day. Then Sir Alexander Cockburn was mentioned, and he is one of the ablest men we have but it is understood that Her Majesty, very properly, is all on the side of extreme decorum, and the clever Chief Justice lived in days when that was less regarded, and society sees proofs of the fact. So the verse table Lord Cranworth, who is seventy-five, was replaced in an office which he was thought to have finally quitted, and he is now Lord Chancellor. It is impossible that Lord West- bury's light should be very long under a bushel. His offences were chiefly good-nature and a desire to serve his family, and upon neither of these crimes does John Bull look with great harshness. The Rotat, Family. All is well with the Queen and her family, and the Heir Apparent and his Princess are enjoying themselves at Hj mouth, where some French and Austrian ships have come, and all is international hospitality. There was a fire at Marlborough house one night, and the Prince actually pulled off his royal coat, and nearly put his royal foot through a royal ceiling in helping to extinguish the flames. Dr. Pritchard Cases medical man at Glasgow, named Pritchard, poisoned, slowly, his mother-in-law and his wife, and the trial, in which of course circumstantial evidence played the principal part, has caused a good deal of interest, though there could hardly be any doubt about his guilt. He was convicted, and then he made a half-confession, intended to cast doubt on the verdict, but no one heeded it, and he has since made another, in which he fully admits the murders, but lays them to impulse, which is evidently another falsehood, as the process was a slow one. He had an intrigue with a handsome High- land girl, a domestic in the house, and had the brutality to let the counsel for the defence endeavour (Charles Phillips' fashion) to make suspicion glance on her-the poor, ignorant, trusting girl, whom he had mined. Constance Kent Constance Kent has been adjudged, on her own confession, to die. The language of the judge, who at once began with suggestions of mercy, instead of receiving them, as is usual, the unanimous voice of the props, and the general feeling of the public forbid the execution of a girl for what she did as a child. She will be annual events for life, but my own conviction is that the authorities have charge of a lunatic, and that after some incarceration the symptoms will be indisputable. A word should be said for her father-indeed, many words Boam needed by his patience and heroism. He knew, or had no doubt of the truth, yet for years he endured in silence the accusations of a part of the public, which, eager for some strong Effect, pronounced that the murdered Infant had detected his father in a love-affair with a servant, and had been slain to prevent d seem very. The AgemENT in Switzerland At this time all Englishmen who can get away are travelling. The Alpine Club has, by usual, invaded Switzerland. But this year a terrible incident has marked the mountain campaign. One height alone had defied the bold ad venturers from this island-the Matterhorn, whose up during form may be seen in any good general photograph of Swiss scenery, This year it had been vowed that this maiden mountain should be eEcaladed, and it has been done, but at a fearful price. A party of Englishmen attended, and the last height was gained. They were descending, fastened to gether, when one of them fell, and dragged the others. The rope broke, and some were saved, but four mcB, Lord Francis Douglas the Rev. Mr. Hudson, and Mr. Haddo, and r guide, went over the edge of a precipice, Race to be 4,000 feet high. A clergyman who has written The Times, has finished the story Mr. Douglas's body was searched for In vail on the field of snow to which they had fallen -he lies in some abyss. The remains of the others were found, but they could not bore moved, and all were buried together near where they fell. The mountain has avenged its -violated honour. Another Englishman has since met his death by a fearful fall, after an ascent, but the magnitude of the previous incident naturally prevents much conversation on the latter. It is sad to hear of valuable lives thus castaway in vain. The Wimbledon Meeting.- Our Wimbledon rifle meeting has been very prosperous, in spite of the elections, one of which took away Lord Elcho to be yelled at by a Scotch mob but he was returned, and came back in time to resume his over seeing functions. England gets the International Shield, but the struggle with Scotland was so close that neither cat brag of superiority. Private Sharman, of ( Yorkshire coal pub, is the man upon whom all the eyes of all the volunteers are bent, he being the champion, and having gained the Queen' Prize. It was thought to be going to one of the Ross p, whose shooting was by part Harrow, represented by young Sergeant Jones took the Schools' Prize, beating Eton (uBuall: beaten in everything), Rugby, Winchester and all the others. The proceedings ended with splendid fireworks (at which a sad accident to a lady happened and a review, in this national festival has been a greater triumph than ever. A new Highland lodge is in course of erection for the convenience of her Majesty's attendants in Glengeldtr. It is to be on pretty extensive scale, and is to be built granite-. A fine piece of carpeting, measuring four teen feet by twenty feet, the first of the kind manufactured in Austria, has just been place in the museum of Vienna. It presents a map of the railways of Central Europe, and we produced at Prague. The other day one of the Arab soldier called Turcos, stabbed a comrade in the Tu Wales' gardens, almost under the Emperor Napoleon's windows. The two men were talking to a young girl under the trees. One of them, who did not understand French asked the other what she said. The answer was, " She says you are very ugly." At one out flew the sabre of the insulted Turcos, an he inflicted a wound, which instantly prove mortal. Poor Jules Gerard's personal effects has realised an insignificant sum compared with what his friends had hoped and expected His aged mother had looked forward to Email income for the rest of her days ; but at auction which scattered her son's gunB ax hunting knives to the world, failed to exert any attention other than that of a few dealers and tradesmen, who, with one exception, bid for the great hunter's weapons without attaching the slightest importance to their late bravo possessor. A lamentable accident has occurred at Chaumont, in the Haute Marne, France. A servants having approached too near a cask of spirits in his master's cellar with a candle, the spirit suited. He called loudly for help, and several neighbourscameto his assistance. Unfortunately, at the same moment the cask burst, and the burning liquid ran about the cellar in all directions. The consequences of the accident were terrible. Ten persons tradesmen in the neighbourhood, were burnt to death, and several severely injured. The Richmond negroes say that Bishop Moore, in addressing them on one occasion, gave utterance to the following specimen of Southern theology :-" Now, ye servants, keep your kitchens clean, make good light bread, season and cook your meals to the taste of your masters, and perhaps by-and-by you may be admitted to the kitchen of heaven." An extraordinary fatal accident from lightning is reported from Britain, at a place called Corey, in the department of Finisterre, five people were killed, and ten others seriously injured in one field. A letter from New Westminster, capital of British Columbia, says c-The work of storing iLg the wives of the Russian telegraph line commenced on June 20, in this city. A large force is employed. We will soon be in telegraphic communication with the mining camps of Cariboo and the intermediate towns." The Duke of Sutherland has entertained the firemen of the metropolis at Stafford house. Several noblemen who, take his grace, take an interest in fire-engines, were present, and the exertions of the Prince of Wales in helping to extinguish the fire at his own residence of Marlborough-house were, as might be expected, duly honoured. The enjoyments of the evening were a little marred by the breaking-out of a fire in the Southwark Bridge road, but, by the pre arrangements of Captain Shaw, only a portion of the men were required to leave the hospitable board. A shocking accident has occurred at Railway, New Jersey. The other evening, as three young ladies and a gentlemen, returning from a pic-nic party, alighted from their carriage, the last lady's crinoline got on tangled with the steps of the carriage, and the horses taking fright, dashed off at a furious speed, the lady's head and shoulders dragging upon the ground. The horses ran a great distance, and when they were stopped the young lady's remains were in- a fright- fully mutilated state. The whole of the carpenters and joiners employed in London and the neighbourhood by Messrs. Cubitt and Co., to the number of about 400 have struck for an advance of wages, to the extent of about 3s. 6d. a week, which they demand on account of the increased cost of house-rent and butcher's meat. At Tullamore, Thomas Hayes was convicted of the murder of his wife on May 15, at Banagher. It will be remembered that the prisoner concealed the body of the murdered woman in a box in such a manner that, had he not voluntarily confessed his crime, and pointed out the spot in which the body lay, the probability is that it would never have been discovered. He was convicted on his own confession, and sentenced to be hanged on August 23. The unwonted spectacle of an execution in the county of Dublin took place the other morning, in front of Kilmainham gaol. The culprit, Patrick Kilkenny, murdered his sweetheart, Margaret Farquhar, at a place called Palmerston, in the northern division of the county. He voluntarily confessed his guilt to the police, and was at once taken into custody. The remains of the murdered woman were found in the place indicated by the murderer-a ditch not far distant from her family's residence. At the trial he pleaded "Not Guilty ;" but mainly on the evidence of a confession made to a police-constable named Maguire he was convicted. The victim was a peasant girl of remarkable beauty. A serious ENCOUNTER has taken place be tween Catholics and Protestants, at Aurragh more, in the county of Armagh, by which seven men of the Protestant party received gunshot wounds, and many others of both sides were more or less bruised by blows from stones. One man, named Dunlop, is so seriously injured that he is not expected to recover The conflict arose out of the custom of lighting bonfires on the eve of St. John's Day by the Catholics of the district, which custom is said to have been interfered with in previous years by the Orangemen, a fact which led to the Catholics providing themselves this year with firearms, which they used on a body of Orangemen marching past them in procession. The ex-Queen of the Sandwich Islands Emma, widow of King Kamehameha, had come on a visit to Her Majesty. Queen Emma was conveyed from Honolulu to Panama in the British war-steamer Clio, accompanied by the Bishop of Honolulu and the British Com- missioner, W. F. Synge (by order of Queen Victoria). Her suite consists of the Hon. C J. Hopkins, late Minister of the Interior Miss Chambers, and Mrs. Kopelll, companion! to the Queen ; the Rev. Mr. Kopelll, chaplain to her Majesty ; Mr. Welch, confidential at tendant ; besides two native children for education. Murder of an Officer- Mr. Clutterbuck of the 6th Fusiliers, the officer in command of the Birr Barracks, King's County, left the barracks on the 8th July for the purpose of shooting flappers " on and about the bog o Ballyegan. Suspicion was excited when he had not returned on that evening and King the only person who was with him in the boat, persisted in stating that about half-past seven the same evening he landed him on the bank, and that he walked towards the barracks. Every search was made, but with out avail, on the 9th and 10th, all classes joining with the military and police, and th pre latest indignation was openly expressed by; the lower orders as the conviction gradually; gained ground that a foul murder had been committed, Police- sergeant Sheehan went the river at five o'clock on the morning of the 11th, in one of the four boats place on the river by the Earl of Rosse, and at ten o'clock in the forenoon, about 100 yards beyond the place described by King as whore h disembarked Mr. Clutterbuck, he saw the leg and feet of a man down in a deep hole 1 about twelve feet of water, with the head in clined towards the centre of the river. He with assistance and a drag, endeavoured to lift the body, but the head kept down, as with some weight ; but after a longer dra was obtained they succeeded in raising up the body of the missing officer, naked, except his shirt. A frightful opening of placed in the back part of his head which had been blown away, about the use: of an egg, behind the right ear. There were no other marks of violence on the body; The body was conveyed in a boat to Ballli darra, and carried from thence to the barrack by soldiers. Young King and his father have both been arrested, Diligent search is being made for the clothes, gun, mone &c;, belonging to the murdered man. M Clutterbuck had some few sovereigns about him, which, with his watch, gun, ac, form t) only assignable reason which tempted us murderer. The coroner's jury assembled i investigate the cause of the death of the deceased officer has returned a verdict of " W foul murder" against the boatman King, who together with his father, h as been commit to prison. In the House of Commons, on July 3rd, M Verner asked the Chief Secretary of Ireland whether his attention had been given to the proceedings which were stated to have take place at a public dinner in Dublin, in home of Mr. Gavan Duffy, at which the health Her Majesty was reluctantly and not very respectfully proposed, and received with coner his bing and d Disapprobation and like wise to f presence there of two members of that Hour -the members for Youghal and Dongarra the former one of Her Majesty's counsel, at the latter holding the commission of the rience, neither of whom was represented have expressed disapproval of the daily conduct of the assembly and what steps of Irish Government intended to take in the matter? Sir R. Peel said-Since the hon member gave the notice of his question I has taken care to look to the proceedings refers to. The dinner was of a private character (" No, no.") At all events it was a dinner a gentleman who had been absent from Ireland for, I believe, many years, laugh.) He was entertained at the prive expense of the parties. Reporters we there, but I am not responsible for the positions of the hon. members for Youghal a Dungarvan. (Hear, hear.) I should sugg that the hon. and gallant gentleman wot address the inquiries he has made of me those hon. members. (Hear, hear.) The two hon. gentlemen, out of regard to 1 Duffy, attended at the dinner and no speeches, but I see nothing in their speed to find fault with. As regards the toast "HerMBJesty," I believe it was given; I really I am not in any way responsible the course of the proceedings. COMMERCIAL. Below are the quotations of Australian securities and shares given in the Home News of the 26th July Nance of Companies, 4c Latest Prices. Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock 26 26 Stock GOVERNMENT STOCKS, Victoria Government, 6 per cent. (Apr. and Oct.) New South Wales, 3 percent., 1865 (Jan. and July) Do., in., 1871 to 1876 (do.).. Do., do, 1888 to 1892 (do.).. South Australian, 6 per cent. 1878 an i upwards .. New Zealand, 6, percent. .. Queensland, 6 per cent. (Jan, and July)". KiXKB. Now S. Wales. Australasia . Union of Australia,, South Australia London Chartered of Australia. English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered New Zealand. Victoria. Queensland MINES. Yudanamutana. of South Australia Australian Mining .. Port Phillip Mining Company Scottish Australian Mining .. MISCELLANEOUS. Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Railway Peel Kit or Land and Mineral. Scottish Australian Invest- ment Australian Agricultural South Australian Land North British Australasian Land (Limited) .. Van Diemen's Land Agricultural . Trust and Agency of Australasia New Zealand Trust and Loan English and Australian Cop- per Company ... Aust. Mortgage, Land, and Finance £ 110-111 00-101 62-64 00-01 IOS 107 102-104 75 64 ex div. 3825 21 It prem. 45 4 drs. 11 14 of its. 1928-29 32 55 10 1 prom. 1 prem. U Par The following is a comparative statement of the shipments for the month of June July, as compared with the corresponding month in the previous year : 1864. Agricultural implements, £ Ale and beer in bulk, barrels In glass, barrels .. Apparel and slops, 3 .. bagging gunnies and sacks, No. Woolpacks, No. Barley and malt, bushels Blankets, 2 Books, £. Brushware, A .. ,. Building materials Bricks, No. Cement, tons .... States, No. Canvas 2 2 Candles, ci t. Carpets and rugs, is Cottons Plain, 2. Coloured, a Printed, a Cottons, woollens, and declare, a Covers and counterpanes, 3 Cordage and twine, a .. Coals and coke, tons .. Confectionery, C.. Cocks, lb. Drugs and chemicals, is.. Earthenware, a .. Fish, salt, 2 Flannels, 2 Fruits, cwt. Glass and glassware, 5 J. Glass (plate), Scot.. Gunpowder, lb. Hardware and ironmongery, 2 . Hats Straw, 5 Silk. Hats and caps (felt, in), a Haberdashery, 5,,, .. Hosiery, 2. Hops, lb. Leather, wrought, a .. Linens, C .. ,. Metals Bar and rod iron, tons Hoop, shoot, and plate iron, tons. Galvanized iron tons.. ' . Pig Iron, tons. Copper, tons .... Lead, sheet and pipe, tons . Nails, tons .. ,. Shot, tons . Steel, tons .... Tin plates, boxes Were, tons. Zinc, tons . Machinery-, is. Millinery, is . Muslins, 5. Oats, quarters .... . Oatmeal, cwt. Oilcloth, is.. Oilmen's stores, 2 .. Oils, Ballona . Paints and varnish, 2 .. Paper, lb. Paperhangings, £ Parasols and Umbrellas, 2 Peri marry, a J. Pianos and musical instru- ments, 3 Plated and papier mache goods, 6. Provisions Butter, Arkins Cheese, cwt. Bacon and hams, cwt.. Beef and pork, cwt. .. Preserved, £ .... Hallway materials, is Saddlery-, E Salt, tons. Shirts. a. Silks (cottons, woollens, and vol gets), a .. ,, .. Soap, cwt. Spices, cwt. .... Spirits Brandy, gallons Geneva, gallons .. Itum, gallons .. British, gallons.. ,. Stationery, 5 Thread, 3. Toys and fancy goods, 6 Tobacco and cigars, lb. Tobacco pipes, gross ., Upholstery and furniture, is Woollens and worsteds, 2 Wood Sawn, loads ,, ,. Wines lied, gallons .... White, gallons.. . 2,513 1884 31,432 40,020 & £000 85,103 1823 1,000 4,005 1,023 275 12,100 104 tons 1,105 2,000 5,133 23,170 1,051 03,300 8,787 07 2,302 273 845 7,224 2,160 6,231 305 6,023 750 2,430 £1,025 21,226 24,000 0,403 00 4,439 20,303 0,450 22,235 63,133 11,001 COI 209 130 440 8 04 260 11 37 323 801 6 12,847 0,871 1,820 6,701 21,005 270 2,060 103,100 2,022 670 774 1,013 700 100 20 407 2,484 10 13,616 05 4,803 6,111 4,607 825 2,706 33,182 & £20 4,084 42,870 8,760 14,070 & £02 1068 1,001 43.26 85,011 13.870 it 02 busy 21,337 1,622 3,710 1,070 10,300 410 07,320 & 80 tons 1,407 8,770 1,807" 10,440 1950 0,043 2,801 003 2,345 242 307 12,270 6,010 6,270 020 5,200 1.570 1,717 80 212,526 22,723 5,742 227 8,050 20,144 4,750 S0.S01 47,805 8,183 631 154 833 113 7 130 105 8.0 700 274 42 662 11,000 1,643 1,780 180 2,162 15.703 18,041 3,043 420,800 00 518 433 1,017 500 410 805 £302 & 2,252 100 5 00 casks 217 0,106 230 1,016 4,010 04 31 20.870 341 lt.423 7,811 5,407 517 0,723 150,780 £25 1,710 17d 2 7,722 0,600 * £307. The Bank directors made no change in the rate of discount at their weekly court held on July 20, and the minimum, consequently remains at three per cent. But gold continues to flow out, and the reserve is again lower. It would, perhaps, have been good policy to have advanced the rate at once unless the court have reason to anticipate that the demand for gold is substantially satisfied, and that with the close of the elections coin and notes will return to the Bank. Since that date demand for discount at the Bank has been very strong. Indeed, in all quarters there is quite an increased inquiry for money. The principal of the Lombard street houses charged three per cent, to regular customers, but other parties had to pay fractionally higher terms. Some of the brokers and discount houses refused to move generally under three and a fourth and three and a half per cent., being impressed with the conviction that the official minimum must go upwards. The rates for six months' bank remittance hills have been advanced from 4 to 4 to 46 per cent. The Union Bank of Australia Invite tenders, receivable until the 1st of August, for Queensland Government six per cent. debentures for 2500, CO, being the first issue under an act authorising a total of £1,010,000. These debentures will be redeemable on the 1st of January, 1884 Principal and interest are payable in London or Brisbane. The payments are to be 10 per cent. at once, and the balance on the 12th of October next. The proceeds of the loan are to be applied chiefly to railways and immigration. The previous debt of the colony was £831,230. The report of the Scottish Australian Investment Company, to be presented on the 28th July, recommends a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum, which will absorb £10, 100, and leave £4,403, of which £3,000 is to be placed to a suspense account, and £1,403 is to be added to a reserve, raising the latter to £8,685. At the annual meeting of the New Zealand Trust and Loan Company, held on the 20th of July, a dividend of 2s. per share on the 20,000 shares (being at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum for the half-year was declared. The directors were authorised to appropriate £250 in reduction of preliminary expenses, and £250 in reduction of expenses of deben- ture issue. These payments will leave a balance of £181 to the credit of the current account. The old and respectable Arm of Messrs. Scott, Bell), and Co, have suspended payment Since our last. The prospectus has been issued of Overend, Quiney, and Co., Limited, with a capital of £5,000,000, in shares of £50. The considered Lion for the goodwill is to be £500,000, half in cash and half in shares, with £15 paid up, to (bat the existing partners will still continue a personal liability of JEOOO.OOO in the undertaking. Of these partners, Mr. Henry Edmund Gurney and Mr. John Birkbeck, of London, will remain as managing directors, and Mr. John Henry Gurney, of Norwich, will also be on the board. The operations of the company are to date from August 15 and the old film are to guarantee all the assets and responsibilities taken over. At the meeting of the Union Bank of Australia, the accounts showed a total of £118,883 6s. 3d. available for distribution, out of which a dividend of £2 6s per share (£112,600) was declared for the half-year, free of income tax. Messrs. Thomas Moore and Sons, iron rner clanlB, who are among the oldest iron firms in Manchester, have suspended payment. Their liabilities are estimated at £35,000, but a good dividend is expected. Messrs, Ernst Brothers, silk agents, of Falcon street, City, have suspended payment, with liabilities for about £15,000. The creditors reside chiefly on the Continent. The suspension has been announced of Messrs. Frederick Osteiroth and Co., of Upper Thames- street, owing to heavy losses. The amount of liabilities is not stated. The bills have been returned of Messrs. Watson, Bogle, and Co., shipping merchants, of Manchester, a film connected with Messrs. Scott, Bell, and Co. In the Bankruptcy Court there have been some further proceedings in the case of Messrs. John and Thomas Hall Gladstone, merchants, whose liabilities amount to between £600 000 and £700,000, while the assets are not expected to produce £150,000, The bankrupt, Thomas Hall Gladstone, has not yet been captured. The report of the English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank, to be presented on the 31st of July, shows a profit balance of £22,638, which would have been larger but for the necessity of writing off a farther sum to meet loss from failures referred to in the last report. A dividend is recommended at the rate of seven per cent, per annum, which will absorb £21,000, and £1,000 is to be applied in reduction of premises account," leaving £588 to be carried forward. At the meeting of the proprietors of the Otago Bank, held at the London Tavern, Mr. A. Morrison, in the chair, the directors' report was unanimously adopted. It showed that the gross profits for the year, after allowing for bad and doubtful debts, amount to £29,400 4s. 8d., from which it is necessary to deduct £1,080 9s. 10d.. the balance carried from last account; £13,623 10s. for the expenses of management in London and New Zealand and £0,145 53. 11d. for interest paid for money during the high rates ruling in 1891; leaving a net profit of £8,041 7s. 11d, which was appropriated as follows, viz 2500 in reduction of preliminary expenses ; £000 in payment of travelling expenses to New Zealand and £7,834 15s, 11d. towards a dividend at the rate of five per cent. on the capital called up to 31st December last, free of income tax; and the remainder, £206 12s., carried forward to profit and loss new account. SHIPPING. DEPARTURES. Per Glendower, for Melbourne.-Mr. and Mrs. Cohen and family (6), Miss Young, Miss Hordern, Miss Geoghegan, and Dr. R, H. Coward, who was in medical charge of the ship. Pi r Wave of Life, for Port Phillip Mrs. W. Sheppard, Mr. O. T. Miller. Mrs. M. A. Miller, and Mrs. Tate, and two children. Per True Briton, for Melbourne. - Mr. Miller, Messrs. Wardell (2), Mrs. Roadknight, Mrs. and Miss Buchanan, Mr. Buchanan, Capt. J J. N. Buchanan, 6th Dragoon Guards ; Mr. Smith, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Toulmin, Mr. Beaumont, Mr. Pearson, Miss Beatty, Miss Brooke, Mr. Bell, and Mr. Strachan. Shire Loading for the Australian Colonies. (Corrected to July 22.) AT LONDON. For Hobart Town. Wagoola, Hay; Wind- ward, Lulham ; Harrowby, Storie. For Launceston. Dunorlan, Whittingham ; FokUIvp, Banwood. For Port Phillip. Insult, Stewart; Mediator Macaulay ; Red Rover, Loathwaito ; Norfolk, Tonkin ; Royal Edward, Shaw ; Vlcks burg, Boyd ; George Thompson, Shepherd ; Lucibelle, Hardy; Macduff, Bruce. at Liverpool. For Melbourne and Geelong Champion of the Seas, Outridge; Morning Light, Gillies; Annie Wilson, Duckit. 