i ' ' , ' .The Champion Raco. Dear Bun, — What an unfortunate season this has been for crippling horses, and every meeting seems to assist in still further re ducing in number our sound quadrupeds. This Sign and Sir Tatrick, I nm sorry to say, are among the number, though I believe they are only likely to bn temporary suflorors. The course at Ballaarat was very hard, and ieuto many withdrawals, thereby reducing the stalces both in number and interest. Still ?the sport, was very enjoyable, and also afforded us somo light to our Champion Uace, Hibernia and Tho Miller, each pots for tho Maiden Plato, wero both boiled over by tlio fiery Kerosene, who won witli tolerable ease. Sho was, as usual, alittlerestiveatthepost, but not nearly so cantankerous as upon former occasions.- Time may yet improve this (lily's temper, and she is well worth tho trial. Her performances at Ballaarnt, however, hold out no inducement to back her for the Cham pion Uaco; her stable companions, whoalono took part in the Derby, aro most de3idodly to bo preferred. Tlio withdrawal of Day and Martin for tho Ballaarat Derby of courso robbed tho raco of its last attraction, and left Anglor and Lady Heron to cantor over for the lirst and second money ? (alas, how wo miss Druid and- Frolic in thoso Produce Stikes). .Yet no person can doubt that Mr. Yuillo was right in scratching his colt, though wo may ^regret tho fact that rendered it policy, to do so. Anglor did not go so freely in his action as ono was prepared to expect, but 'tis diffi cult to judgo of action when a racehorse Is only cantering. Ho appeared much larger about tho- quarters than at tho last mooting in Molbouruc, while opinion scorned alto gether divided upon his chance for tho big race, many feeling convinced that Lady Heron will take abettor place. Sho is cor tainly improving at a pace, and with her long, regular, sweeping, stride should com mand attention. She won tho Ballaarat Handicap with tho most perfect ease, though tlio time was not very fast ; still, I think wo are justified in believing that had anything been . in tho , raco to press her, sho could havo reduced the time by many seconds, and sho has yet time enough before her for still further improve ment. Tho Town Plate, of two miles, produced . two others also engngod on tho. 1st of January, one of whom was the renowned Talleyrand, of Champion famo ; but I do not think his performance on Fri day last good onough to load us to fear him in tho race to como, nor do I think there is that room for improvement which might induce us to hope for any vast amendment. I think the colt held him safo all through, and could have got much fnrtheraway from him at the finish, had ho commenced earlier. But Day and Martin is a sort of horse whoso running is not easily arrived at ; he is such a lazy colt, ho will not oxert himsolf at all unless he !is bullied nnd compelled ; ho has, however, tho advantage of being remarkably sound, and looks like a horso equal to three miles, which aro very commendable qualifica tions. His performance cannot be re commended as sufficiently good to stand upon in a raco which comprises so many cracks, though soundness and condition will be two material features 611 the day. The running of Talleyrand would incline me to turn my thoughts to Clove, who, I have little doubt, is very far superior to tho old horse,' and who, I should unquestionably say, is better than Day and Martin.' Mr. Tait should now be' able to givo a pretty shrowd guess of his chanco with either Volunteer or his lilly,; and whichever ho backs I should feel in clined to follow.-. I confess n strong partiality for tho filly, and prefer her chanco to any threb-yr-old in tho race, although I am quite' unablo to say whether or no sho can got a distance. She seems a very kind animal, and, like Lady Heron, has a most command ing strido ; and tho burden she has to carry on tho 1st of January should bo no impedi ment to her chance. Her performance is tit least justified to rato with auy three-yr-old of tho season, and the reduction of the weights as between her and Anglor should tell more to her advantage than Ins. Anglor has shown staying qualities, while G'lovo as yet has only performed overamilo aud ahalf. Tho hotting on the raco would bo favourable to tho impression that each was tho pick of their respective stables, although the posi tion of Volunteer is. both Strong and firm. The runningof Volunteer and Panic in. tho Queen's Plato last month should bo re garded with caution. Panic had run a des perato raco for the Cup on tho first day, and a good raco on tho second day. I think those two races aro quito enough to furnish him with a plea for tho defeat on tho third day, and I think it must ' not be ' hastily - assumed thereby that ho cannot stay thro miles. Somo thero aro who consider it tnio running,' but I certainly cannot subscribe, to that opinion, nor would I estimate tlio chanco of so good a horse for the Champion, by his defoat in tho two out of thrco races run on three successive days. Tho race ho ran for tho Cup was enough to jeopardise his cliauco for tho rest of 'tlio meeting, at nil events for tho second day ; but hero ho won. Had lie not run tho second day, who can Bay whoro ho ? might havo. been on tho third ? Tho horse was asked to do too much, and win or loso on the second day, it must havo interfered with hi3 chanco afterwards. When Tarragon mot Volunteer ho was fresh, whilo Panic was not. Tho Cup damaged many after chances, and must havo had an iufluonco 011 Panic's subsequent running. Volunteer ran a good horse, and it may bo that he is hotter at threo miles than at a sh ntor distance, but it should tell more in favour of old Tarragon than to his own ad vantage. Tarragon has shown himself so good over all distances aud at all weights, that 0110 is almost nfraid to question his ability upon tho present occasion. Havo wo anything that could givo Volun teer 101b? I should indeed think it very improbable. , Will Tarragon bo in as good condition as ho was at Raudwick? Ho certainly, to my oyo (in which othors agree), did not look too forward when last I saw him. If ho is a horso that conditions quietly ho may como to tho post thoroughly lit-.? vn£ T nnnfess I should navo liked to sco him further advanced than ho was. But knowing nothing of tho horso or his habits, I do not wish to question his condition, and am quito agreeable to leavo it where it ib, in tho hands of Johnny Higgerson. Ebor has nnita como round, and many of his friends decloro it was no fluke whon ho beat Tarra gon at Adelaide, aiidthat in order to show thero was no mistake ho will do it again. Good as ho is ho has a greater horso than. himsolf to meet in Tarragon, but should. ho succeed in confirming tho Adelaide|ranning wo ahull bu compolled to admit that wo have undorrated him. O.1C is said to havo im proved groatly, and is occasionally backed at nn outsuU) price. His miming at Molbourne whs lidgiiido'to what wo may reasonably look forward to, but I cannot havo him in such ? company, though ho is a most determined I Stiekor. Cadland, though wo may prognosti cato, his being a vory good horse somo day, I 1 do not. fanoy that it is to ha just yet provod. .Tho Smuggler's chanco may bo :bette^ weighed in a fow days' time, and whothor ;Shophordoss is doing as well as could bo desired; lam uninformed. Equally so of the Tasmanian Cora, whilo I can only look .upon , Orjflathino's oharice as vory out side;'.', I don't supposa our Champion cracks will bo pulled out any moro boforo the day, and I hopo good fortuno may attohdono and all till \v-- 8po them donning silk for that im portant event; '???'? ' . ,' .,?,,'...', ,..,,'.:,',, Tho Steeplechase at Ballaarat sadly wanted [„;,! ian.»:'J»j' ..?.??;?..'.?.??.?' ,?? -?? ?? ' , f ;:', V.; K- ,.:!?:?;-.',?? ..; InglcBido and- Prince.- As it- wasj-nothing' hud a ghost of a chance .with Ballnarat, who, however, 'did ' hot' ole'ar his fences in a manner ; If; hoped to seo. , Two fences , ho : struck rather hard, and had ho been pressed ho might havo come to grief. Ho is a remarkably nico-lookinc; horse, and just tho cut for cross-country pur poses. . Blucskiu could not got within' .cpboy* of him; in fact, nothing had any -chance of beating him. It will be interesting to watch the mooting of Inglosido and Prince with him; the latter showed himself to bo a very good horso over hurdles, and to have 'plenty of foot. If ho can only jump, the big sticks as well as he does the littlo Bticks, '.ho will re quire some liekfnj;. Tho determined balk ing of Aliconnd Telegraph throw them out of tlio race in tho first half mile, beyond which neither of them got. . ' . UP-COUNTKYMAN. Dbaii Bum,,— Tlio racing at Ballaarat has scarcely altered tho complexion of next month's great event ; the only noticeable fea turo being tlio advance ot Lady Heron, after wmning'fho Handicap so easily. Tho Cup was contested for by a very fair lot, and it turned out tho 'good thing' it always looked for Mr. Tait's horse ; nnd Sir Patrick justi fied my selection by winning pretty easily. In analysing tho weights for the Ballaarat Cup and Handicap, I wrote thus : — 'Accor- ding to tho running at tho late meeting, Sir Patrick must win either tho Cup or the Handicap; and in tho event of his not proving successful, I shall look to Blair Athol, with Tlio Sigu about third.' But had Tho Sign's leg kept all rijjlit, ho would have been a littlo nearer the winner. ? 'What's to win the Champion?' is now tho question. Some say it is a moral cer tainty for Tarragon, others stick to Panic and Volunteer, while not a few go in for Mr. Visitor's young ones. The aspout of this race, I think, is moro than usually 'foggy,' and when such is tho case, great authorities say that the market is invariably the best guide wo can follow. This fact seems to bo gone rally admitted, but as there is no rulo with out an exception, I think it would be tho height of imprudence to depend upon such an index. Tarragon is tho first on the book makers' lists, aud from what I can hear, has been backed for an enormous amount. So he was for tho Adelaide Cud, and Blair Athol also was backed to win tho Consolation Handicap at Ball tarat. Thoro is a certain amount of suspicion hovoring about Tarra gon which puzzles 1110 ; and until this Bame suspicion is driven from my mind, I shall not back him for a shilling. That he is a first class horse I cannot deny, for his perform ances (bar tho Adelaide Cup) stamp him as a second Archer. Carrying lOst 51b, ho did his two miles in 3 miu. -lli sec. — truly a won derful performance. Ho hns also won two or throe longor races, boating Volunteer and other good horses. But can ho win tho Champion ? Many say ho can ; but, for my own part,' I shall not select him as the veritablo winner. Panic is second favourite ; and justly so too. His running for tho Tas mamon Champion and Melbourne Cup has not yot been surpassed in this colony. In the former ho did thrco miles and over 200 yards in 5 mi n. 53 sec,,* or thret miles in 5 min. 484 see., tho fastest time in Australia! For tho Mclbnurno Cup ho ran second, and had ho boon ridden judiciously, could not have linen beaten. WJioover heard of a horso carrying lOst cutting out tho running, and thereby serving tho light-weights? Would George Fordliam have dono such a trick? or would Billy Simpson have done it? No. They would havo waited, and como at tho last turn. Panic's defeat for tho guineas is easily accounted for, having run two very severe races, before. Many peoplo imagine that Panic was too fat to win a long race ; but I know that ho was not. ;Ho was just as lusty, if not moro so, when ho won tho last Champion ltaco. Having Ibeen put to tho. stud before ho was trained, ho thereby became a vory largo-limbed and muscular horso ; and should he bo trained thin, would mako a most miserable show. His chauco for tho Champion, on Nevt* Year's Day, I consider second to none. Tlio followers of tho Caulfield stable aro some what sweet upon him, and they indulge in tho idea that ho is a vory superior horso to Tarragon. With this opinion I do not ngreo ; for at two miles, with lOst each up, I think .Tarragon would provo his master. Volun teer, another Sydney horse, was probably unlit when, ho won the Queen's Plate, and his own party seemed perfectly astonished when ho defeated Panic so easily ; but this victory amounted to very littlo, and did not affect Panic's position in tho least. That ho will run a good game horse, I have not .1 doubt ; but I do not think ho has a ' chance with Panic or Tarragon. Anglor has run an improving colt throughout his career, which did not commenco until he ran for the Derby at Sydnoy, whero lie was third to Clove. Mr. Fisher's colt waa off his feed, and had not oaten anything hut scraped carrots; ho ran vory sulky, but notwith standing all these disadvantages, ho boat some very good horses. Hero bo won the Derby with perfect ease, thctimo being about tho same as Clove's, thus showing that lie had wonderfully Improved on his Randwick form ; ho also ran fourth for tho Cup, and second for the Queen's Plate, this being his' third raco at tho meeting. His performance in tho lattor I consider lirst-rate, for young horses will seldom run on for thrco days, as instanced by Iverosepu at Ballaarat.,- Of Anglor I have always entortained tho high est opinion. His pedigree is of tho first-class, being by Fi ,hi;rman ; out of Marchioness (winner of the Knglish Oaks) ; therefore, bo is brad to Btay, and should all go right, I expect to bco him finish among tho first four, though I hardly imauiuo that he can win. His luilf-sistcr, Lady Horon, is about tho finest filly ever bred in Australia. Hur strido is immense, her lasting qualities not to bb denied, nnd ono of tho gainost of tho1 game. Notwithstanding all tho 'bunkum' written about this lilly by ' Australian,' I expect to soo hor go as'.no filly of 3 yrs has over gono in a Champion Raco, nnd should a threcyr old do tho triok,' sho is my ' ' particular weakness ' 'I do not think Clovo will have a chauco' with her, and as for Day and Martin, his blacking will not 'polish off' tho gigantic daughter of Omen this journey.' It is thought by 'some that tho latter's dofvat of Korosono was a good performance.. I do not tako it into consideration nt nil, for tho lilly had won two races previously, and ' was : fretting herself almost to death ; it must also be remembered that. sho ihad been running about in Sydney, whoreas tho blacking mer ?hant had. had nothing to do -in com parison with tho lilly. ? Besides, old Talley rand, who has hardly a gallop in him, mado him go for hislifij, and if such a por fonnanco entitles' him to bo thought of for tho Champion, I'm entirely ' flabbergasted.' Of O.K. I cannot say much, not having soon him rim in Sydnoy ; his running horo I tako for nothing : biit if his raco with Tlio Sign in Sydney was timed corrootly, ho must provo a vory dangerous horse. I fully oxiioot to seo him finish, in front of Volunteor. Oriilaininc, ,Eb6r, Shophordoss, nnd certain othors may as'woll stop in their stables. Tho best of tho outside division, in my opinion, is Cadland — somo of tho cognoscenti entortain tho highest opinion of this lino son of Panic ; and I oertaiuly agrco, with thorn, for ho is 0110 of tho strongest goers that I havo over seen. Ho'has an immense strido, plonty of niusclo, and legs like bars of iron, though not so handsomo- as his sire, Punic. Smugglor, the Adelaide colt, is n vory fino animal, but I am nfraid tho lato'sea voyage will tnilitato against his success. If I adhoro to public*; form, the1 only 'conclusions that I can arrlvb at are that Tarragon, 'Panic, ,and . Volunteer are. superior tor all the othor aged horses, iarid that Angler,'. Ql6vo,-«ud Ijady Horon are. tho best '' performers amongst tho young'onos 1' but taking all things into cou sidc^tlpn, tho five biisWioraes in tho race aro Tarragon, . Phnio; Lady Heron,' Anglor, and O.Ky 4As.I havo stated .above, X, think Cadland is thoir jnost '.ilarigcrohs opponent in tho outsidq division, ahiU-it would- notHn tho least giirprisb mo to nof.'him li'ert thalrtt. ' ? ?;; ,.;?„ orajj;^, blossom. 