MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. CARRIED OFF BY A CUTTLEFISH.—A late letter from Cuba contains an account of the carrying off of a boy eight years old by a cuttlefish. Several children, coming upon the fish on the beach, attacked it with sticks and etones. So soon, however, as it had got to the water's edge it threw one of its long arms upon the arm of the boy nearest to it, and, to hi? and his playfellows' horror, began to drag him into the eea. The poor child struggled to get loose and screamed agonisingly, and some of the larger boys rushed to his aid, but too late. His body was aln-ost instantly dragged out of sight.— American paper. It has recently been determined by the Prussian authorities that marriages concluded simply by Dis- Benting clergymen, and not by the ministers of the Evangelical or Catholic Church, hare no official validity. All the children of such marriages are declared illegitimate, and are to have none of the rights assured by the law to legitimate children. In all official lists (as the census, the police catalogues, &&), and in all judicial proceedings, the mother ie to bear only her maiden Tmma ) end the same is to be the awe with her children. This derision is heard with much indignation in Prussia. V A BsA£ Ghost Stobz.—The simple facts trans pired in a parish in Roxburghshire about midnight, between a Saturday and Sunday. It was moonlight, bat cloudy, hence the night was sometimes dear and at other tunes nearly pitch dark—in feet, it was such a night aa witches, warlocks, and ghosts used to delight in, and it seemed to onr informant that one of these supernatural viaitante actually made its ap pearance in the said parish at die time above mentioned, and the place was the churchyard. Bat to begin at the beginning of the story, as it was narrated to us by a respectable person who lived in a cottage hard by the eeene, and who with his wife and family also got a fright. They had just retired to rest for the night. There was no light in the room but the flickering light of the dying embers of the fire in the grate, when suddenly the door opened, and an ?elderly woman rushed into the room. She was almost out of breath, and sat down almost exhausted on the .nearest seat. She nearly fainted away. The goid folks of the house recollected that they had forgotten to lock the door, and thought it must be some human being in great distress who had ran into their house for protection. They gave her a drink to retire her, and when she came round a little, in answer to the question what ailed her, she muttered out, amid long drawn sighs, that "she thought the iimeiiad gaen by for ghosts, but she had seen ane the nicht." In (his way she proceeded to tell how she had gone to pay a visit to her dear departed husband's grave, for there was naebody like her John. Hie was aye dear to her, and now that he was away there was nane to fill his place, and she never felt happy unless when ahe was beside him. Aye, his very dust was dear to her, and she could spend whole nights beside him yet, though he had been buried now for months. She said she had often before gone and stood by his tombstone for hours, and no one had fashed her till that night, when she had got sic agliff that she thought ehe would not get over it. "Oh, me!" said she, "that awfu! looking nun. It wasna my John. Ma, na, ma John had nae ngly looking, black face like you; and then the awfu' man never spoke a word, bnt made sic unearthly sounds, and pointed wi' his hands, whiles up and whiles down, and I didna ken. whether he was free aboon or below, and he made a' sorts of queer manoeuvres. He put his hands up to his head, and looked for a* the world like the black falla wi' his horns. It wasna my John, lam sure, for he wadna hae gliffed me that way, and then he would hare spoken to me that I could hae kenned what he said; but that awfu' man, wi' a* his screeching, and bambooing, and shaking o' his head and band didna speak in our tongue. Oh, that awfd' man, hia black heavy face is hunting me yet, and where he came from I dinna ken aither, Fat sure* He didna come in at the gate nor ower the wa'; he just started up before me out o' John's grave, but he wasna ma John. I dinna ken how I got away from that awfu' like apparition, or how I came here. Where am I?" So when ehe had finished her story it was plain she had had a severe shock to her nerres. The *family into whose house she came, when they got a light, knew her to be a respectable woman, and when she was. more composed the goodman kindly -volunteered to accompany her home. On the way they were met by the decent woman's son, who had been searching everywhere for his mother, and, knowing that she frequently visited the churchyard, thought that ehe might possibly, late as it was, have gone1 there, for she had been rather deeply affected by the loss of her husband, so much ao that there was no consoling her, and there was no keeping her away from the grave when she could get away. It seems, however, that Bbc had got such a fright by that visit that she would not soon seek back to the haunted churchyard. We can only guess at a solution of the mysterious apparition. A deaf and dumb man, with bushy black beard and mous tache, lodges in a dwelling overlooking the burying ground. He may have seen the disconsolate woman there, and out of pity for her had gone to advise her to go home; but his strange appearance, want of speech, and the signs made with his hands may have added to the woman's terror, her heated imagination doing the reit.— Caledonian Mercury. 