ILatc&t; from the Free States. Tho northern post, duo hero on Thursday morning, only arrived last evening at tho General Post-office. . By thi3 mail, we have letters from Bloemfontein, dated 10th May, which state that martial law was proclaimed 011 tho 8th. Busi ness' is ctuito at a standstill. The Chief Lesoane was to be attacked immediately, and it is thought this act will bring on a general Kaffir war. The Boers were full of confidence. The following is an extract from a letter just received by a gen finnan residing in Graham's Town, from his son in tho Free State ' Wo Bloemfonteiiiers are . very unsettled, momentarily expecting to be ordered on commando. Last week somo two hundred burghers (Boers) passod through Bloem fontein en route for the Wittcbergen, A more motley looking crew I never beheld. I saw one or two antediluvian burghers, with long Enfields, to which were fixed sword bayonets, thus giving them most formidable weapons seven and a half or eight feet in length. Yesterday 1 heard from a privuto source that tho Ivuffirs had come over the Wittebergen line in thousands, and had al ready begun to plunder the Boers. Things must come to a orisis soon, and by this timo next week | it is more than probable that we shall bo engaged ,u a war.' The Investor of the Sewing-Machine. The history of tho inventor of tho sewing-maohine is n most curious and interesting one. ? Tho name of this man is Eliaa IIowc. He was a mechanic of New York. Not succoading woll with this effort in America, he camo to England, and sold his patent right in tliiB country to Mr. Thomas, of Cheapside, for £280. Mr' Thomas, somo time later, paid ,£2000 to a person who made somo improvement in tlie feeding apparatus. Howe was cngagod by Mr. Thomas, at a salary of £3 a week, to ndupt the machine to the staymaking trade- About this time the iavoutor had fullon into such cxtrcmo poverty that his family wero destituto of the necessaries of life ; but, fortu nately. ho luid not disposed of his patent rights ia America. To that country ho returned, and it is stated that tho royalty which he now reaps from homo sale and for exportation amounts to £50,000 a year.— Builder. , A contractor who was building a tuniicU^ 1 certain Ohio railroad observed one morning l\ the faco of a member of his gang waa ^ i with bruises nnd plasters. ' Ah, Jimmy,' 6^), | ' what havo you been doing V' ' Not vurcy m J snr,'' answered Jimmy, ' I was jist down ,1 Billy Mulligan's last night, aur, an' him an' ffil had u bit av a discooshen wid sticks.' Tho following may truly be classed ainow 'miserable people Young ladies with ncr bonnets ou rainy Sundays, and dresses j,tyj ' dip, dip, at every step. A witness in a bribe,! case. A smoking nephew on a visit to an ami. smoking aunt. A young doctor who lm* i„.i cured his first patient and has no prospect c( another. A star actress with her name iuamjll type on the bill. One morning a party camo into the put];, . rooms at Buxton somewhat later than usual, nDly requested some tongue, They were told that Lord Byron had eaten it nil. ' I am very angry with his lordship,' sa.d a lady loud enough for him to hear tho observation. ' I am sorry [0j it, madam,' retorted Lord Byron,' but before I ate the tongue I was assured that you. did not want it.' One day, at Cardinal Richelieu's table, B, intra K seeking to amuse his eminence, inquired of oneo! B tho strangers present—' Moraieur, excuse mf, fit but bow did tbey; value 'asses in your comity iFh when you set forth ?' The retort was an excel. lent one — ' Thoso of your own weight and size B| were prized at about ten crowns.' ®| An Indignant Drunk aud.— At the Thames Kt Police Court, recently, a fat, showily-dreBsed Mi widow, named Elizabeth KiDe, was oharged witli Kij being drunk aad creating a disturbance in t!u Mile-end- road. The prisoner. — ' protest, most {pi indignantly and emphatically, against this man'j |fp statement. I was not drunk. The people were Sf all more or less intoxicated, f A huml. 1 r ?! the rabble, the dross, tho musty superfluity. The b1 officer had no right to tako aud consign mo to a Bp filthy cell. Iain a lady, ami do not belong to 11 tae lowly herd. (Laughter.) I am a widow §§?' lady of independent means.' Tho officer said K the latter statement was true, but the prisoner B frequently got drunk. She was fined 20s. 1| A Good Shii-i-ing Article.— Under tlie K above head the following interesting and initruotivo B- letter is published in the Canterbury Press;— K Sir, — A merchant in Melbourno told me somo time k ago that, when last ia London, he wished to lay K iu u cuiiatut vTUicuiuuu iur ins luciDourne storefl. Hp He accordingly went to one of the principal uianu- k faeturs of that article and asked him his price for K whitelcad. The reply was — £32 b ton.' ' Why,' B| exclaimed the merchant, we cannot get more than H £24 to «£2G for it in Melbourne. ' Oh,' said the ti manfarturor, ' if it 13 for the colonies that is another ? matter. I cauno't- sell you puro whitolead under B £32, but 1 can let you have a good shipping a 1 tide for £10 to £18#. a ton The iollowing paragraph lately went the rounds of tho English papers. It was scouted, as thd effusion, apparently, of a madman, but the events rennrted bv the mail s'pm tn aivn if. Riirnifinance: — ' The following appears io tho advertising K| columns of the Selma (Alabama) Dispatch'.— B| ' One million dollars wanted, to have peace by k| the 1st of March. If the citizens of the Southern B| Confederacy will fnrnish me with the cash, ot k| good securities for the sum of one million dollars wl I will cause the lives of Abraham Lincoln, k William II. Seward, and Andrew Johnson to bo K-' takeil by the 1st of March next. This will givo K us peaee, ami satisfy the world that cruol tyrants ? cannot live in a ' land of liberty.' If this is not B accomplished, nothing will be claimed beyond tho « sum of fifty thousand dollars, in advance, which n is supposed to be neccossary to reach and slauglife.- ? the three villains. I will myself give ono thou- 1 swd dollars towards this patriotic purpose. Every B one wishing to contribute, will address X, box X., fl Cababa, Alabama. — Dee. 1, 1864.' ' \- A Notoriety or ran Temple —M'bi Flight fell down dead in the Middle Templo last week Dickens' readers know her as the little lady who was always hovering about the courts aud be4 having eceentricnlly. Doubtless she was con sidered a mere pen and ink sketch from fancy, but she was a fact, every inch of her. She would, we Know, siop me most learneu ullages tnat sit on the bench when in full swing of their awful Judgment. She would rise and shakq her lean weird fist at the embodiment of wisdom and horse hair, and exclaim, 'Oh, you vile man! 0h,yott wicked man ! Give mo my property ! I will issue a mandamus and have your helcas corpus? And having continued in t like fashion for.a minute or two, she would bind up her papers in 'red. tape' — at least, .tape that had once been red, and followed her dirty fortunes for yeurs— jnd either subside into the seat granted ner uesiiw tho barristers, or depart triumphant from court; No usher bad dared exclaim 'Silenoe,1' or send forth the hush' of the cackling animal peculiar to that official. No barrister had liudged her under the fourth rib, as ho might have dons another, and would havo done had shebeen fairer. _ And tho learned Judge, .sitting patiently till the ; end, with a mild perspiration only rising ou tlio ! tip of the nose to show that lie was in any way '' put out, would then, as if nothing occurred, reeamo tho thread of his learned judgment, to be appealed against, perhaps soon after. What tho mystery is between Miss Flight and the Bar no one can j tell. Sho may havo been the embodiment of a ? 1:-.. ? „..J tn tllO CV09 of peumiill \TIUIIg, ttliu 1JUYB ? 1 the bewigged as a ghost threatening the evildoer! witli the shades. Perhaps she was pensioned merely out of some stray idea of bonevoleno9. Wo scarcely thought of tliatia, connection with the object of our comment, and yet to a certain extent it may be true, as sl'P received from tho right learned Middle Temple a j sum qf shillings per week, which sho added to a . sum of shillings received from tho right learnct Inner Temple, aud so alio supported lite, why tho learned oi tho law gavo somothing foe nothing, and woro afraid of,' and respectful to, littlo woman lot 110 man inquire. lbo »»» woman's soul has, however, flitted, and wo c say that, after all, the few young lawyers wdo knew naught of hor history will send after uor whither she has gone a word of rogret. Journal. - t'rintcd and I'uhlUhod hy Thomas tho Proprietors, Tiiomax Oaiiukw imd Aiicm^ CiAMriiBM., at ' Tun Ir.r.AWAHitA Jli.itoi -V . fjottor I'ruHH Printing ,.01 nor of ' »» --° Hoimro, Wollmigontr, Illowarra, 011 ' July 19th 1605. . 