Tho annual meeting «f 'tho Angaston'Wcmloj ? Missionary Society, 8ydnoy, third branch, waa h ? yestérday-evening, in the Surry Hills Church, Bohr' \- 'Btreot ? Tho ohair waa taken'by Robert Iredalo, Esq After prayer by tho Rev.'wJCurnow, .'-. Tho CnA.in*UN -introctuocd tho business of tho mc ;ing, by Btating thnt they wcro "foet to hoar, tho rap .of their Methodist ¡ mission. , Thoy had "ono ame : «thom/who had passed , tbrough tbo Ivarious phases , missionary, lifo, and this wai tko last timo¡probib that thoy would bo favoured willly his prcsouoo, . . -called on tho secrotary, . " " Mr. S. B/DOWSETT, .who read tho annual report, '.? which, amone; other things, it appeared that the esp .dituro of tho past year amounted to £10,012 4s IC " 'and the receipts to ¿8080 12s., leaving; a bdlanco . '.£7445'12s.'10d. to be forwarded by tho parent sock . in London. Thanks wcro awarded to the Jtev. Taylor for his himdsomo donation of £100 for tho pi . ' poses of this socioty. Tho society had reocrvod o] £200 for tho salo of tho Scriptures in tho Friem Islands. , Tho committeo had given £50 to tho supp, of tho- Moravian1 mission td tho aborigines. Now Zealand thew was now, a largsc Ma , membership than ' thew . was last ye On tho whole mission thora were COS chapels, 322otl places of worship, 80 ordained missionaries, '455 ca : chista; 2407 Sabbath-sohool teachers, 1450 lay proachc " ? ? 2308 class leaders, 24,051 members of churches, 48,8 . - .Sabbath scholars, 1103 day schools; 42,lS4 Qay schola and 103,090 attendants oa public worship. Tho Róv. Mr. SBLZOHS moved tho'first résolution ; That tho report bo adopted ; ' and that Messrs. ? ' Callaghan,- J.' Hurdy, W. Hayes, J Jesson, and J. Sla bo tho.eommittco ; Mr.'S., B..Dowsett, .cecretary a treasurer,ior tho ensuing year. He hoped'thoy woe ' not. think an. apology oa his part out of çlnee. Ho vi 1 "now doing tho duty of troth senior, and junior.rniniBi ? '.'at Chippendale. Having designid to praparo ! a «pee this day, ho waa called away to -a marriage; and otb \- ' interruptions occurred to prevent hie beänjj prepared "'epeak.' There could bo no difficulty in pi suading tho meeting to adopt - this repe 'hoartily and thankfully. ' Thora were mai things in it -woll worthy ofthoir consideration. ." referred not only to their own mission ia tho Sou . Seas, but to a mission to tho aborigines and to t! ' Chinesq in Australia. It was delightful to know th . Chinese, coming to this ; country in search of gold, hi found hero what was beyond all price, end, going bai to their own land,- had acted consistently with tho Christian calling! Thoy looked forward to,.tho tin whori tho great ompiro of China, with its 300,000,000, people, should be brought.to tho knowledge of Chris -'Tho1 missionary labourers wore very fow, compared tho multitudes of tho heathen. Thero was plcaaii intelligence from variouB quarters. Tho cause of Gi ' was going ; forward in Now Zealand,' notwithstandlii ?tho troubles of war. In Fiji, Friendly Islands, ar Samoa, though tho mission was still very young, thc had 103,000 persons attending, publio worship,) wit onlyicighty-nmo ogonts specially trained to tho ¡mi: istry of tho Word-of whom forty-nine were native ' converted to God through tho labours of the missioi Ho saw no difficulty in tao Church of Australia toktiï tho wholo management of tho mission, financially i .well -as spiritually. "Vory Boon thero would t no further need of contributions to New Zealand, ar , they looked forward to thc timo whonOFiji would bo self-sustaining mission. Then thoy would bo ohio I uso their resources in occupying other heathen field Tho Church of Christ had from, the first been moved I a missionary spirit In a fow years tho'Gospol standai -was planted in all tho principal cities -of Ihti civilise world. Thoy would not now abandon- this work. L t^iom give themselves t) prayer for, their bratkre; ' Thus thoy might bring down blessings on those whoi . , they never saw in tho flesh. Worldy ochemos wero of te ontrrely 'overthrown. . But they need, havo no mi givings of tho failure of tho' cause in whioh ¡hoy we ? engaged. .. It "waá" tlió 'cítiso of'truth'and of God. : waa not fer them to know tho .times and tko soasoi Vfhon tho promised made concerning Jews and Gentili -would bo fulfilled; but they know thoy must bo fulfiller "Tho plan of salvation could not provo a failure. Tl work of tho Church could not provo a fail ur .-. (Cheers). ' ? i . i. ? Tho Rev. Mr. Oruv seconded tho resolution. The woro úndor ' tho greatest obligation to-do all in tho power for tho promotion of tho Gospel.- By eustainin Büch institutions as those, they would to a groat ex tor 'fulfil the purpose of their being. Ons ond of th ;Spirit in their regeneration was that they might l activo in sustaining suoh an institution as this. Tb ?countries of tho heathen wera habitations of darlene! and cruolty. Thero aro now five timos moro heathe .than thoro aro Christians. Tho cry is still, " Como ove and help us." Thoy were sending out nothing c 'human device, nor ecclesiastical polity, but tho icing .dom of God-righteousness, poaco, ? and joy in th Holy Ghost They wero not indifferent a» to, tho kin . of men thoy sont out ; they woro careful to'send'ou .only those who wera qualified for tho work-mon cn lightened in their minds, and régénéra tod in thei .souls-men having au experimental acquaintance wit tho truths thoy aro called to maka known Th«, .preach repentance, and they havo oxcrcised true rc pentanco; they preach faith in Christ ; and they har bolioved, in Christ to tho saving of their souls ; tho; proclaim tho effects of faith, peace, and holiness, ani these thoy onjoy. They could say, " That which wo have Ult and aeon, , -With «mudenco wo teU." Bo (Mr. Orara) loved and honoured Mr. Colver for his work's sake. Ho bolioved th Great Master whom ho served would hereafter say t him,'"'Well done good and faithful servant; onlcrthoi into tho joy of thy Lord.' ", They were not supporting i ropo -of sand. When tho missionary enterprise wa begun, eomo said it would not last long; that after thi ? novelty was gono, it would ccaso to bo sustained Bn now tho novelty had worn off, and still tho misaionarj cause" was sustainod by tho samo motivos one appeals. ' It lives with incroa»od influence, ant increased territory. Thoy might expect mon and moro success. They, must continue ti ? give their money, to pray, and to sond ou \- good and-devoted mon. In some instances improrinf zeal waa declining. . Ho- had .heard of.a rnan'wko lint ono long oye and ono short oyo. Now, while thoy hm ono short oyo .for looking nt homo matters, thoy mus look abroad nnd labour to extend religion among th heathen. (Cheersj) , Mr. CORBETT, supported tho motion. This was thi mast rospontiblo work that God had committed to thi charge of men.. They woro not now making an ox périment Thoywcro not proving tho gospel to bo trui and mighty to save. That was known long ago. Chris . called himself tho Light of:the world; and he callee His people tho Light cf. tho world. This was thi ' character they had to sustain. Tho resolution was.carrled unanimously. Tho Rev. Mr. OAIVBIIT moved tho second resolution -"That this mooting, while acknowledging tho mcrcj of God in tho aspect, of tho, sooioty'a operation ii Polynesia, nevertheless deplores tho deadly influence o: paganism which prevails ovor hundreds of millions o; ' our follawmen ; and white reiving for future successef outho premisos of God, and tho grace ot tho Hoi3 Spirit, pledges itself to increased liberality and labour foi ..ihooonvorstonof tho ¡world." Ho said when ho wai "just sotting out as a young man ou his labours, a kine ; , friend handod him a pnper .with theso words wrltter . on it:-"Bo careful for nothing ; but in everything by prayer and supplication with : thanksgiving lot youi requests bo mado known unto God; and tho pondo oi God,' whioh possosscth all understanding shall koop . your hearts aud .minds through Christ Jesus." He ., '.thought and .prayed over thia ;iIo. was thon quito a '. ?, .yoting man, and did not know what, trials and difllcul "itioq ho might havo to pass through. - That waa a word ;in Boason to him It had. materially ailee ted' his life , from that timo to tho present; and.ho hoped it would ' ibo his guido for tho'futuro. Ho thanked God for keep ' ing his mind iii poacc, spariu* his life so long, proserv , jpg. nnd supporting kim. He had boen in groat troubles.'" When his wife was apparently at tho point ,of death; wlion lib had bled and blistered hor, anet still iouud her pulso at 115, sho burst out singing 1 1 ! i . -ù \: rn praise my Maker whll« Tva breath, ' ' , ' A'wl-.vbeu my volco ciares In Jeitl), ic. ; J$.q thought that -was a fatal indication. He prayed . God. to roatoro hor; and Ho did'so. In Fiji thoy -; found, whim : they first wont thora, that God had boon with hie servants ; and there, was no night of toil iii Fiji. It was a hard thing to endura a night of toil, as thoy had:(n Tahiti, labouring for twonty years without , . any apparent fruit .Whoo ho first arrived in Fiji, , ( .twohty.eevanyonrs ¿go, thoy hoard of a people proparcû for. tho -Gospel- in .a distant island, whom thoro were ... yams a fathom long-; tho island of Ono. .. Tho whalen. . Jiad beontliero. And tho beethan jla(j jcUlod and «atea «orno white people, knowing u,» batter. : . But they said . thoy did not like white people to rat so woll aa black. Xhoy.said, wa ,uuted, taft. (A Jaujcb.) ;But thoy hail ?uegufl'to'trado with tho wholoiu. ' ' They ¿ot somothtng i ' ! ' for their yams.- and their beautiful' mats. . Thoy had J»FMsl ÄimotUing inbout Jot«, pbc,<ii> thc Ono^'God' rwhov marV^nll-1 things ^visible, I invisible v that; Hoi ought; ito bo:; worship 'and that his wonbinshraldbo held ontho seventh They began to think .that their priests were decei them, and. detorminod to-worship: tho _:oM God. they dressed themselves in their boot, oiled thoms well,'(rad mado Bgood'fcast to keep.tho Sabbath. \ mot to worship, but could not pray. They hired of th.ir old!priests sto. pray.; IIo did so; but in ignorance professed even while, praying for the pc his own resolution not to worship. God. Whiloj wcro thus groping for . thoi .light,; a canoe from n tant island was driven to Gaol Then, waa "a¡i preacher; in, St, : who rshoxwd : theso pcoploj way ..of ¡ truth. ; Tho i resultio.was.. many . Ela .woro added to .-God. . .God.- cavo t lis Spirit, and thoy continued in tho Word of J( I and in prayer, and in breaking of bread. In Lake I where ho (Mr. Colvort) was;, thcro was a good dca' ' onmity. (Some : of them threatened to cut off ! missionary's, hoad. And; whhV ho wished much it to Ono, ho did not liko to leave his wifo ia n place .Lakemba.; but. Bbq urged ' him to go, saying, ". ' may safely Icava mo ia tho hands of tho ix)rd." ; ' determined him'; and ho:¡wont to Ono, and was gie 1 seo what; tho graco of God had dono. .They ii spiritual and happy. Tho- class mooting' worked ' ? as a moans of graco.; Among .tho peoplo who cam ba baptised, was ono young lady; who had been'pied in childhood to bo one of tho thirty wives of old Ii Tuinoau. As a Christian, ,sho: was avorso to sucl union. Ho (Mr. Calvert), on ibis- return,; told tho k it was not as it used to bo-that things" wero change Ono-'that the ; Lord hauV» .concern in it now, and i of His people,. " Ho .that, touoboth" you toucheth ' apple of tho oyo.'i This warning tho king did not hi Bad as ho was,.ho (Mr. ,Calvort) really loved him, i used to groot hiiuin tho .fashionable style of ruhb noses or kissing.,, When "thoy had no sugar, that \- man.gavo. him. a, great-hoap of sugar-cane.. Hoof sent thom .turtle, fishes, and tho like. Ho felt .groat respect for tho old 'man. But at that time ; was determined to ' fetch away' that young; lady in sj of all warnings. 'He was takinghisfighting men,I mado all kinds of oscusas. IIo set out with canoes, but had'to wait a long timo for a,fair wi Then four of'his canoes ; went-away, and were no heard of again. The mon wore dovourcd by sharks land sharks. And when with his two groat canoes, ! king carno in ' sight of Ono at last, the wind ed¡ round, and drove him off: se that ono; accident h pened after another. A storm arose, and tho old ki waa alarmed, and cried to his false goode, endeavouri to socuro tho holp of ono by tho oiler of a - pig ito presented as a thank- offering ns soon-OB he pot on sho At last he lauded on an island whoro Christianity M established, and got safe back to .Lakemba. Ho, (ft Calvert) went eight milos to sec him, and, to say, hi glad'ho was to. seo him alive. " Tho king- roplii "Don't let your words, follow, ruo any more." 1 which ho (Mr. Calvert) answpred, "Don't you go any mischievous enterprise- any more." Tho you lady who thus escaped; tho tyranny of tho c king, waa married to tho. man of ! 1 choice, one of tho nativo Christian agon Tho peoplo of Ono gave their'hearts to God. ,Th ; trusted in God alone, and ventured ovorything.: Q was better than their utmost expectations. Thcro w no placo liko Ono for the prosperity of tho work of G in the hearts of tho people. Nativo agents had' go from Ono to tho darkest parts of Fiji, and God h blessed their labours abundantly. Mr. Calvert th narrated an escapo from tho murderous intentions some islanders. ' When landing he was surrounded ' heathen«, who threatened him with destruction.' I thought within himself Xliev cannot, LorJ, my Ufo devour, Safo lu tho hollow of Thy lund. : Yet ho thought if God allowed him tadio thus it wou ba an appropriate end of his fifteen years labeur; I I thought of John Williams, who was slain ondéate] but ho bolievod ho would not bo eaten; tho ki] would prevent that. He prayed for bis wifo and t children in Fiji, in Kow Zealand, and ia Euglno Whilo ho was pleading fur his life, up carno a heath priest and said this is tho husband of tho lat that always buys food of us ; you must not kill him so they saved- him, (Cheers ) Sa verni other m carno up determined to kill him* And they .bcgi to king a cannibal.song - n song they never sung exec when they intendod to oat a man. Howovor, he oscapi I from them, and went Up to King Thakambau, who, i hearing how they - had threatened and hunted' hit I said, " I'll go and destroy the town." " No," said ] (afr. Calvert), "it is no time for you to do that Itctui I good for ovil. ' Lot mo havo a* cando and go'home I (Cheers,) By this time his companions had geno lion and told Mrs. Colvort that ho had been clubbed. 1 got safe homo at midnight Next day ho preached Bau. Ho found out tho peoplo by'whoso intcrpositi< his lifo had boen preserved ; 'and their conduct waa check on tho revolt against tho Christian Sing and tl missionaries. And then good, noblo King Georgo, can down and defended them. . (Cheers ) Fivo br s: hundred towns yioldod.to tho influence of Bau.. Tl priests had promised victory to tho heathen. And tl triumph of King.GoorgO Bhowed them that tho geds ( I tho hoathon wore nought So thoy had tl proof that God is wonderful in counsel an I work, and nono can stay His hand. Tho peoplo in Fi, ' were as bad as human nature could be. Thoy had bed for ages under tho power of tho devil. Thoy had bec i known to cat a hundred men at ono feast Tho ml I sianarics just told tho peoplo what thoy were by naturi and called on thom to repont and behove in Chris And now. they had there 17,000 church members, an 1O0Opeoplo on trial for membership/ The truth ha triumphed marvellously. > There they had their theolc gical institution. Ho hoped'thoy would novor sen any mon thcro, but such os could train missionar, agents. Thoy wanted' tho best of their men for th missionary work. Mr. Kabono, Mr. Boboi Young, Mr. Draper, Mr. ' - Shaw, and almos all their leading mon had been missioriorief I waa worked up into : thoir system. Lc them, soo to it. Thoy-made no hiiatako in the mci they sont. John Hunt would have been an honour t J any country. . Ho translated thei Now Tostnmont, am I wro'.o a book on Christian theology in Fijian. ! Am ' John'Hunt,-though .dead, still.spooks in-Fiji, ani will, until tho world is consumed with forvon heat They had Mr. Nottloton, and man] mon of tho right sort down .there. Tho Wesloyans ii Australia had a great deal to" do.. They needed i theological institution.- Ho delighted to seo thoir'largi and prosperous Sunday-schools. !Ho trusted thoy woult stick to thoir prayer mootings, and their, class meetings and lovo feasts, and put thoir shoulder to .' tho wileri tc help forward tho missionary causo. England hat enough to do in Russia and China. Australia bugin to take charge of their missions, and sot England free What a calamity it would be if they wcro to loso tl« missionary spirit No homo work would mako up foi tho loss of tho missionary spirit Ho felt at 'horni boro. Ho was al Surry Hills twonty-sovon years ago When ho roturnod, after sovontoen years, SurryHiils was his home ; and fivo years ago ho was at homo in Surry Hills. ' Ho urged them all to get religious, and got as much as thoy possibly could. Lol their Jhcarti bc thorougly established in faith ;- and let thom sock tho spread of tho truth . to: nil lands. Such a work at this ivas a stimulus to pray and labour, ind give to any extent <Choors.) * <? .Tho Rev.. 8. RABOXB seconded tho resolution, which was carriod unanimously. ; ; , A collection ivas then mado' for. tho missions. . Mr.'--Jons DAWSON-,' with' ovident and deep-fooling, moved a resolution expressive of thanks ' to God for His graco in tho Roy.1 James Calvert and Mrs. Calvert, in their solf-donial and successful labours, and of prayer "that'Ho whom they servo may:havo them in Ilia holy keeping, restoro'them in,health and.peace to their family, and sparb their valuablo lives for many years of useful and hohournblo' toil' in their Mnsterj's vino yard." As long as ho had been a reador of missionary reports, , ho had . been familiar - with ! "tho nanto1 of ' Mr.' . Calvert ' Ho waa proud of him. ' Ho was1 thankful ' that God bad ' sparod him to BOO such good fruit of his labour, and hoped ho might rejoin his family, and long hoar good ro|orts of tho success of tho work to. which ho had dovotod-so many1 years of ' his lifo (Cheers.) Thoy wished to givo some littlo mcmonlo of tho affection nnd esteem of tho 'Wesloyans;of Sydney.- Ho 'had. thoreforo; been comm$osioncd: to present a-timepiece to Mr. Calvert* which1 might servo to remind him to keep .his lamp trimmed aud his light burning. ' (Gheersl). ( ' Mr. OAWWRtr,, M.!'., .seconded tho résolution'. -Ho most cordially 1 agreed with tho sentiments of his oxcollont friend Mr.; Dawson.. ' Jlq'- rejoiced ih'tho ' manifest toIio.ES ' of 'God's approval resting on'Mr. Cal- vert's efforts. Ho (Mr. Caldwell) waa delighted with tho noble Ohristien Bentimouta Mr. Cal vor t had gi von > uttorauco to tbnt craning. Ho told thom' -thnt'ho had boca surrounded hy heathen mon designing to murder him. After this an ofter was mada by tho king to take .von'goaneo. But Mr.-Calvert did ? not : want any physical toreo to bo put fortfj for him. Ho trusted to the God of heaven, and through tho mercy of G oil had .Loon continually proservod. Ho <Mr,Caldwoll) ¡must , espress fc|s pntjra dirapproyaj <md eíNuleaiuntion of ftp condtrot pursued towards tho heathen during tho ciuù of one ot her Majesty's mon-of-wnr. (Hear, hear.) I A a lovwof missions and as a Christian nan, ho mus enter h\e protest against tho conduct of our roan-of-im against tho inhabitants of Tanna. ' It was most cruel anti utterly unwarrantable. No Christian man could for ono moment, approve of such conduct Ho was sorry that any mission vessels, and that' nnj -missionaries should havo boon mentioned at' all in ¡con TVtttien w*th such a cruise. (Hear, hear.) Ho was glac tho John "Wcsloy was not mixed lip with it."1 It would have been a disgrace to~ AVosloyanism, a disgrace: tc Christianity. Such indiscriminate punishment of mei), ot whom many wore perfectly ignorant'and iunocont oi tho' crimes' charged, was; utterly, unwarrantnhlo-rr contrary to tho laws of God and of man. 1 Wherever ho had 'an opportunity, he would raise his voico against such conduct. (Cheers) They had thero in Mr.; Cal- vert a noble Christian man who had raised his voico against such conduct Ho had boon requested to pre- sent'to Mrs. Calvert a hahdsomo silver tea service, j Ño lady in conuoxion with their mission deserved BO much fit their hands. . Through her heroic conduct sha had been tho .means of. caving many Fijian ladies bf rank. Such noble conduct and such solf denial as Mrs. Calvert had displayed was rarely seen. Tho toa service was to bo presented to her asa small token of their high cste'om for her valuable services in tho causo of missions,) as a woman thnt fears tho Loni, and tho wife of an' excel- lent minister ofJosus Christ (Cheers.) ' j Tho résolution was carried by acclamation.: '" ¡ The Her. Mr. CALVERT returned thanks. Whàt'ho had done, ha had dono hoartily unto tho Lord, nè had' had a very happy life. ' Ho had boon blessed with oho of tho vory beat of wives, one who prayed for him', 'arid whose counsels ho ¿ad found it. well to toke. Their presont» would keep him in lively recollection of Surry Hills. Though: his. wife, with, another '/lady,) had bearded a human butcher in his don, oho would not stand up before .thom; and, thcroforo, ho-would return) thanks for her. (Cheers.). ; Tho meeting thon sung, Blest bo tho dear uniting love," and tho Hov. S. Kaleno offered tho'-concluding prayer, especially remembering Mr. . aud- fMrs.J Calvert - j ;.v.'. 