' ïtYE'S ENGLAND SEEN BY ^ FOREIGNERS.» ^ ^] * We taite breath after Mr. Eye's long.'titie page before we attempt lo p ss any judgment ó) ilia book. As soon as we find ourselves rc coveredjnpughto^ we mus pronounce the bo»k to .be,! «s iv ? stands, ai egregious_piece 'of 'bopk^kinir../ It cVintnins : good desi of carious and, «musing matter, wliicl may He turned over with'.Ascertain do.rio o satisfaction, j and from jwhich, here ond.tbere an historian.might derive some sm.ll hints. Bu there is olson, good de.i of mere padd ng, and "when "Mr" Rye comes fortb in his own person he writes, in a decidedly twaddling way... Th hook, however, is dis inctly a pretty one, am perhaps prettiness was as much thought of in it composition as any thing else. The on'y traveller in tho 'book whose travel take up any great space is Frederick Count o Mompelgard pr Montbejllard and afteiward Duke of .Wurtemberg, who visited England ii 1592\. This prince seems to have been ratho a remarkable mon, a diligent student and travel 1er, and one who did much for the good of hi dominions, but .< withal .wasteful, and vain, ant greitly imposed on by ihn pretences of alche mists., ...At the - tiine of-his visit, he was onl] Teign'ng Count of - Mompelga'd, a pos ession o tho Wurtemberg family which had bVn grantei out to a younger branch a generation, or tw< before, and which is now, like ot er things swallowed up by France.- He did not suoceot to the Duchy till the death of Duke Le wis in th year after his visit, to England. Mr. Rye seem -a little more puzzled ,t''au need be about hi position meanwhile. His theory, á possible ont enough, is that the scene in the " Merry Wive of Windsor" about the Duke de Jarmany and *' c zen Garmombles" refers to this visit o Duke'Frederick :? We have icon that tho Duke while'In this co'dntrj «aa known, as Count Mompelgard (in French, Mont beliird . ; and also that a passport, in wbioh he WOE allowed to take up post-horses and "pay notbine foi the same," was given to this nobleman Connte Mom beliard," hy Lord Charles Howard, We would BBI sow whither this term, garmombles, used by Shakes^ pears can by any possibiTitv be intended for anything .lae than a playful joke upon the Duke's tilla of Mom po'gard - a joke which wonld have a peculiar relish foi the members of a court to whom the German h«c recently paid a. visit ; .but if the word bo arohaio, nae a meaning can be fonhd for it, we are willing to yielc the point. He did not succeed to tho Dukedom un'i the death of his cousin in August, 1593, a year aftei tho visit , to England ; hut at the time of thin visit li« bad, no donbt, assumed with all the pomposity of hil character the higher dignity ol' Duke, ant we find ii was usual even for the younger princes of thiB family tc adopt and be addressed by this title also. In the Duke'i letter to the Queen, of April 2, 1593, he combines ii bis sienatu-e the two nnmes, "Wirtemherg Mont fceliard," The play quoted is the " Merry Wives oi Windsor," but Mr.JRyé seems disposed to tun it practically into " Much Ado about Nothing.' Frederick was reigning Count of Mompelgard as a m'emKer of the ducal houseof Wirtciuberg he was entitled to be. called Duke, just as the sons of Prince Albert are all Dukes of Saxony, and as all the sons and daughters of a sovereign of Austria are Archdukes and Archduchesses! The story of our Duke's English journey was "written in German by his private. secretary, Jacob Rathgeb. He merrily calls the journey a Badenfahrt; that is to say, a journey to a bathing-place, a practxe much in fashion in those days as in these, and about which /Eneas Sylvius found something to say at a somewhat earlier time. But the bathing in this case was of a different kind from any that weut on at any of the various Badens on land. His highness _ -.i.-J..0 - xi..6iauu coming from Emden) to Dover--one wonders why be did not either, sail, from Ca)a!s or land at Harwich-and he was not only very sea-sick, hut got drenched to the skin in a terrible gale. This is commemorated in some doggerel Ger- man verses : DieDsdenfahrt bin ioh.genandt. > < Dieweil Ihr Fürstlich Gnade hand Ein «rants Nacht ouffdem Meer gebadt ; Dt Wind und Wetter gwutet hat. Die Wallen schlugen in das Sobiff. . Doss sie drin stehen m us ten lieff. ' Da ha*, es gfaeisen, ka't gps-hwitzt ; Da Ancet und Not li, ja Todt einghitzt. ' Du lieber Laiser lern hiorauss. , . Wo man in solober Noth soll nausp. Of these lines Mr. Rye helps us toa transía tion, of which the two lrst lines are free in- deed : To Gentlemen of Germany, who live at home in clover. O think upon our good Duke's straits within thc Straits of Dover. One would like to havo Mr. Rye's original texts throughout, as tho few specimens he gives us do not fill us with much confidence in the soundness of his viows as to tho matter of trans- lation. For instance, tho Bohemian Schassek, who accompanied tho Baron Leo von Rozinital to England in the time of Edward the Fourth, says, we hope unjustly, of our forefathers : _ Quod »int homines (nt mihi videtur) tnfidi et astut;, ?vitro dominum percgrinorum oxitium molientes, qui licet snbmiise, qui genu infleotant, non tamea illis £dem habeas. Mr. Rye's translation and comment is :- ¡ Notwii Intending tho friendly reception of the Bohe- mians, Schassek declares tho character of the EngHih to be ' so cunning nnd faithless, that[a foreigner would not be sure of his life amongst them ; and thai a Briton was not to ho trusted even oa his beaded knees." Too bad thiB, Mr. Secretary Schassek 1 Tho last few words are a specimen of what Mr. Eye thinks smart writing, of which ho gives us some more in different parts of his Introduction. But why a "Briton?" There is no such word in tho Latin, as far as Mr. Rye. quotes it, and, if Schassek. or .even if his Latin translator, else where calls Englishmen " Britons," it was a fact to Lo specially noticed, and not to bo smuggled in in this way. " Britons," in ordinary speech, then and long after, meant distintly a Welsh- man. ..Our Dulce visited London, Reading, where Queen Elizabeth wae then holding her court, Windsor, Oxford, Cambridge, Fheobalda, and Rochester. At tho two Universities, tho Duke's secrotbry copies at length a Latin account of each, which lias just been published by an Englishman who cheso to describo himself as Simon Bibeu8, and who addresses bis work to Archbishop Whitgift. by tho title of "Your Eolinoss. ' Ko has in fact transcsibed tho Ox- ford and Cambridge Guides of tho day. Wo conceive Simon to have been a Cambridge man, for hq does not seem to bolievo that Oxford was fouuded earlior than by Alfred in 872 ; that " it was es ab ished by King Mempritius in n. c. 1Ó1S, and that King Vortigern in A D. á7i (Q*" England ai Seen by Foreigners in tho Days of Elizobotli and James tho Pirat." Comprising transla- tions ol the Journals of the two Dukes of Wirtemborg 15!)i and IflOi both ¡Ilustrativo of Shakespeare. Wi'h Bitrnots from tho TravolB of Foreign Princes ni.d . IffT'-^l, Copious Notes, on Introduction and Etchings. ' William Brenobloy Bye, London i J. lt. Smith; ^niiia\Uut^..and%mta^^l|J^seems. toNloöl tóátaa^'lo^hicá'i^í BuF heíasAó sort of-d'oub that if' ïyj |"¡ p. t. \" i: v./Óinlaberj o Rpantirdí in the timo of Gurgnntius, th< eon i f Belimu«, Ring of Britain, in X. M. 3588 and B ti 375 (aa affirmfd by the principal hoitorians ', establishei this Caa «nd magnificent University of Cambridge, am ; provided itwith learned persons if afferw&V;"ds7*Sigeber [or Beiert], King of the East Angles, in the joarC3i restored it when it was about going to rnie again. Can|abar and Gurguntius areheyond;.the read of-chronology, but why did anybody hit on thi year!872 for Alfred's supposed foundation o Oxford ? ' No ' year, save 878, the year o AtheWy, would have been less likely. In 87.Í Merciahad s ill a King of her own, and thi Danes were, going about between London an< Reading. Our travellers, as .we said, landed at Dover they then took post-horses for Gravesend, makin} ing their first stage to Canterbury, where, thej seem not to have stopped to Bee anything (whal n change-from seventy years earlier !) and so t( Sittingbourne, ' Rochester, and Gravesend : Dnring which staeea some of the party did not fee themselves qulti. at ease, particularly his Hfgness, ot account of the saddles being in these puts so »mall ant coverel only with bare bide or leather, and tbere'on painful and hard to ride upon, nnd it ¡a dif'colf, es peoUlly for any oner who is corpulent and heavy, U settle himself comfortably on such small saddles ; s< his High neis brought back one with bira asa specimen From Gravesend' tliey sailed up the Thames ti London,_where,..like, most other-foreigners ol those days, they wero struck by the grea number of swans on thé 'river. " Thèse, ' thc Secretary says, " are so tame that you cai almost touch them ; but it is forbidden on pair of corporal punishment'in any way ; to injure t swan, for Royalty has them plucked every year, in order, to have their down for court use." Mr Rye.ever and anon gives^ us bits of tho Germât text¿ and we should very much like to know what it is that he has translated " Royalty." Directly after we do get a bit of the original': Seind wir in' dess " Nider!andischen Postmeistert Hauss, "die Teulsohe Post genant, inkehrst. This looks Uko the beginning of our strange fashion of calling Hollanders distinctly Dutch- men, at which Duke Frederick and his Secretary would naturally . be surprised. But, as passages in this very vp'ume show, the words Dutch and Dutchman retained their natural meaning in English long after 1592. Their late meaning they probably got from the Hollanders being the class of Dutchmen with whom we had most todo. For instance, this Netherlandish Post in London was most likely the only " Dutch Post" there, and was spoken of accordingly. Anyhow, Duke Frederick or his Secretary was not un- willing to recognise " Dutch ' affinities anywhere, for. we read :-. . All the English women ure aconstomed to wear hats upon their heads, and gowns cut after the old German fashion-for indeed their descent is from the Saxons. Of the Queen herself we read : \- Yet, notwithstanding that her Moje»ty was at thil in her 67tb year, seeing that she was chosen Queen on the IC th of November, 1558, in the 33rd year of her sge, and ha« than borne the he*vy burthen of niling a kingdom thirty-four years, she n»ed not indeed-to judge both from ber person and npp'arance-yield mush to a young girl af sixteen, fche has a very dignified, ferions, and royal bok, and mles her king dom with great discretion, in desirable peace; felioity, and in the fesr of God. Jacob Rathgeb, however, was quite wrong in his chronology, for. Elizabeth was not thirty three, but only twenty-five, at, her accession ; so that in 1592 she was not sixty-seven, but only fifty-nine. Still, for fifty-nine to be com- pared to be compared to s'xteen is something, and, as neither Rathgeb nor his master seems U--.( 1-1 :t%nttl\r% Ap - TAfllrî nf/ _IAW<\\.» o-l»«"^ Majesty, the compliment mafy be accosted as genuino. ><' The Palace ot Reading, where tho Duke found B lizabeth, was made out of a portion of the Abbey buildings. About the Abbey Mr. Rye falls into the common blunder of supposing thas " tho last Abbot was hanged by order of Hemy the Eighth for denying the royal supre- macy." It is airangp how people jumble together " he different events which go to make up the. aggregate called the "Reformation." You might as well say that he was hanged for re- fusing to uso the English Prayer-book. Tho Abbot of Reading, like all other Abbots, had sworn to tho royal supremacy long before. The exact charge on which he was hanged even Mr. Fronde cannot find out, nor does it greatly matter what it was. His real crime was re fusing to give up his house to tho King, and he died as Naboth and Whiting. Of Reading Rathgeb remarks : This place Reading ls n pleasant nnd rather pretty town ;'nevertheless it is like a'market town, without gates or walls, as in foot aro all other English townB, which, although they have walls in some parts, are neither fortified nor defensible; for what was fortified and strong has bug ago been entirely razed and tie- s'royed, in order that tho subjeots; who are. naturally inclined to sedition, Bhonld in no case find an oppor- tunity to rebel and raise up against the government. At Windsor Rathgeb remarks the low headed roof of St. George's Chapel, so different from the high-pitched tiled roofs of thc German churches. Of the service therein he says : The musio, especially tho organ, was exquisitely played, for at times you could hear tho, sound of cornets, Qu'es, thon fifes and other instruments; and there wai likewiso a little . boy who sang so sweotly amongst it all, and throw such a charm over tho musio willi his little tongue, that it was really wonderful to listen to him. lu sheri, their ceremonies were very similar to the Papists, as abovo mentioned, with sing- ing and all tho rest.' After tho musio, which lasted a long time, had ended, a minister or preacher ascended tho pulpit and proaohod in English; and soon after- wards, it being noon, his Highness went io dinner. Wo here get a bit of tho German : - Es sane audi ein kleines knablein so lieblich darein. und colorirb darínassen mit seinem Zunglein, dasu es wundersam .zuhören. But wo are Börry to find our Secretary talking about "colorirt." Even so early as 1692 there was need of tho good old Swabian warning " Londuns tutsch blyben ; die Welsch Zung ist untru." Hero is a bit illustrating a question which has Eomctiuaes beeil raised as to the date of the extirpation of wolves ia England. Tho Duke goes to see tho IÍODB in tho Tower : In this tower also, but in espírate small hanses made of wood, aro kept six lions an t lionessos, two of them upwards of a hundred years old. Not far from these is also a lean ugly wolf, wbioh is the only one in Eng- land; an this account it is kept hy the Queen-and indeed there are no others ia the whole kingdom, if we except Scotland, whero there are a great number, and that kingdom is only made distinct from England by the water which divida them. Tho accounts of tho other travellers aro much shorter, most of them being mere extracts. There is nothing very'remarkable iii tho journal of the visit, or rather one of the visits, of Prince Lewis Frederick of Wurtemberg, son of f Duke Frederick, though he came on moro im- portant business than his father. Frederick's most serious concern in England was to obtain the Order of the Garter, while his son cam? to , try to persuade James the First to join the i league of tho Protestant Princes tçf Qejmany." TKoh comes a short extract from lyíéteren'^very,' IioSjjj'account of England in his 'His'ory of the jtho Netherlands. The following is. very faur. philology for ibo seventeenth century ?:-..,... ..' The English langa igo ia broken German fde Fnghelache-sprake- is-gebroken Du) ts), mixed with. French and Britinh terms, and words, atd:prononnci«. tions, from which they haVe also giined a lijjhtor prd nauooiatiôn, riot speaking out of the heart ne the Ger- man», but only prattling with the tongue. Where they have no significant'word-i,' they make use of Latin, and sometimes of German and - Flemish words. - Ia Cornwall,-. England's furthest boundary west^'ard-^abd in Wales,'they »peak the old British language,'which they call in, their own laiignaio ' Oymr/ieg, 'and which the'English ¿ill Welsh, as the Germans' do. ''? A number cf other short extracts follow. In. one, describing a visit paid by John Ernest, Duke bf Saxe-Weimar, to James »he First, we read about " tho ceremony of touching for the King's evil : ' This ceremony of healing is understood to be very distasteful to tho King, and it ia said he would wil- lingly abolish it ; but be cannot do so, because- he assumes the title of King of "France", as well ; for'h'e docs not care as King of England, by whom'this power is said to have been never possessed, but. as'a King of Franoe who ever' had such à gift from'God; 'The* kings of England first ventured to exercise this power when they upwards of- two centuries and a-balfago had'possession of nearly the whole of France, arid When Henry VI. had himself crowned at Paris"a«"King of France. The moreusual tradition is -that the miraculous - gift was somehow handed down frfim *? dward the Confessor. If so, it must have been trans- missible by "¿lectión, bequest, or right of con-r quest, as it clearly cou. d: not come by direct succession. The cruel sports of bur ancestors seem always to attract ' attention, as soraóthing 1 to which the travellers were not used in their own'country, but whiflh . never arouses in them; any kind of disapproval. The foreign princes go to bear baitings and bull-baitings as to a pleasant novelty, and Duke Frederick takes delight in a kind of hunting in which it is thought a great exploit for Iiis Highness to shoot off the leg of a fallow deer,' the wretched beast being soonsafter pulled down by the dogs. 'A beastlier and more cow- ardly sport than all is seen with great delight by a Spanish nobleman, the Duke of Najera, in 1544:- '' - - He.went ' to see the lions at the tower, bear-ba'ting, at Paris Garden, which ia " no bud sport to see them' fight;" a pony with an ape fattened to its ht ck, and " to see the animal kicking amongst the dogs, with tho screams of the ape, beholding the cars hanging from the ears and nook of the pony, ia very laughable.". Of Mr. Rye himself we will give two more specimens.. Wo never saw the piebald style of writing carried further than when" Mr. Rye, tracing out, the later history of the Count of tàompelgard, says that in 1793 the Duke of Wurtemberg " ïenounced it favour of Franco by the peace' of an IV." Wo'havé sometimes been puzzled by reading of a personage called Charles Dix, whose name sounds so like that of a true < Briton that it is hard to believe that the person intended is Charles the Tenth, King of France ' and Navarre ; but " m IV." to mean the fourth year of the French , Revolutionary Kalendor is a step beyond even that. ' Tho following is as low a piece Of twaddle as we have seen for a good while in any book aspir- ing-to find its way into decent company : . This very «pot, " Gád's Hill-hallowed a« it is by the inimitable scenes poortrayed by England.« grentist dramatio poet, affording " argument for a week, laughter for a month, and a eood jest for ever'' yet no longer subjected to the-untimely visits,of " gon'lernen of the shade," aad "'minions of the'moon'*-has been chosen by the greatest of-England's living-novelists as his summor home. The traveller will have to seek for the charming rural dwelling of Charles Diekens at a fear, paces from tho well-known FahUff Inn, on the brow of ' "tao uni, embowered!!! rouage, ami conspioouua by nome: dark-spreading cedars. Tbe prospect it commanda is of great beauty, wirla not far distant stands in all its' grandeur tbe glorious old Castle of Roohester. which, and the surrounding scenery, Mr. Diokeus in one of his earliest works and perhaps his best, has, in the oom pany of afr. Pickwick, described so eloquently and so truthfully." - And so we take our leave of Mr. Rye. To HARK STOJCB IXPEKTIOTJS.-Dissolve threeqoarters of «n ounce ofbeee'-waxin si quart of raw linseed oil over s> very gentle fire, taking oate not tobest the mix- ture more than just sufficiently to melt the war. Apply the mixture while warra to the surface of the stone with a painter's brush, during long-continued dry weather and hot summer days, the intention being that the stone shonld be dried and warmed as much as pos- sible by the san previously to the mixture being applied to it The greater quantity the stone can be made ta ab orb the' more successful - will be the result. The surface should bowell deaned, abd' all soot, dirt, or other loose matter should be removed with a moderately hard brash and bellows before the oil and wax are ap- plied. Any tdiüooloaration occasioned by the above treatment will almost entirely disappear in tbe course o' a f«w mouths. We may repeat another prescription which has been given more than once in our paies : Take three- quarters of a pound of best mottled soap, and dissolve tho same in one gallon of boiling water ; spread this hot solution steadily with a large flat brush over the outer snrfaoe of tho wall, taking care that it does not lather. This must be allowed to dry for twenty-four houri, when a so.'ution formed of a quarter of a pound of alum, dissolved in two gallons of water, is to be applied in a similar manner o for the ooa ing of soap. The soap and alum mutually decompose eaoh other, and form an insoluble varnish whioh the rain is unabl« to penetrate. It should ba done in dry, settled weather. Tho offoctiveness of this process has been'tes- tified to. r-Builder. How SWEETMEATS ARE MADE.-What an altnoiphere of dost meets us as we en'.er the manufa:tory 1 The shop wo are in is powderod from rafter to floor with a fine impalpable powder, that reminds us of the interior of a flour-mill, and the workman are moving ghosts, even thc fringes of theireyelashes aro whitened to their tops, just as the hoar-frost whitens evory tiny filament it'can lay hold of. .This dust is that of fine starch, the substance used as a matrix for a certain class of cast sogar goods. Weare in that part ofthat facto'y now where tbose " sweets' are mide whioh are the demi opaque-like snow-wator frozen. Tho sugar U not Boned to a grete neat, but is allowed gently to simmer on the fire, whilst tho moulds in whiob it is to i o cast are being prepared. This is dane br spreading tho fine starch over boards, quite evenly, and then inverting another board over it, studded with tho forms it ¡B in leaded to oast. The man we are looking at is about to make amiets, or sugar, rings; and ai bo lifts the inverted board from the smooth starch, wo tbat it covered with moulds Of these indented rings, placed at regular interval?, and as olose together us they can go.. Ano'her workman now spproaobes with a tin reoeptaolo filled with BUgar, fifed with six ip mts. With great skill and knack ho pours out the BUgar, and fills ring a ter ring indented in the starch, as fast, as bis arms can conveniently travel from left to right. Not n drop is spilt, tho sogar standing in eaoh ring wi th a slightly curved eur face, just as a drop of water would do that fallen upon dust. These starch moulds ore used for all those Bweattheits whioh contain fluid or liquor in the interior. : The liquor is mixed with tho melted sugar indiscriminately, and both enter the monld together, hot, curiouely enough, the latter instantly crystnllzos on tho outside of the formo', and thus, by a natural law, the liquid llavouring essence become Imprisoned. Ic was thought very foolish of Gaorgo tba Third to ask how the apples got into the dumplings, but we havo little doubt .that the manner in which those liquors get inside the sugar-p'oim bas puzzled many a winer head than his. The easting of these libuor sweets employs a large number of persons, and tho most extraordinary .Moulds are obliged to be invented to raoct tho require- ments of the trade. Balmoral boots, TyroleBO bats, soi >sjrs, knives, fish, and all kiuds of things, animate and inanimate, are thns produced, the only limit to 'be desistí- oeiog ino uze atm weigal ai euoü article. a new, j 