MOUNT PLEASANT WESLEYAN CHUBCH. I LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The foundation stone of a new Weesleyan Church at Mount Pleasant was laid on Tuesday by the Rev, Mr Waugh, the President of the Conference, and for the last three years the superintendent of the Ballarat Circuit. Mount Pleasant is one of the old est of the Wesleyan Church stations here, the con gregation having for some eleven years worshipped there, first in a canvas tent, and subsequently in a wooden church, removed thither from Clayton's Hill. Now, the congregation has begun the erec tion of a substantial church, irom a de sign by Mr Joseph A. Doane, the archi tect. The materials of the new church will be bluestone, with white brick facings, and the outside dimensions are 60½ feet by 32 feet, with 20 feet walls. The style is called Italian, and the church will have a coved roof, the front elevation being pierced with the entrance door, two side and one circular lights. Messrs Buley and Scott are the builders, their tender being for £550, exclusive of the fittings, which will form a separate contract. The site is close to the old church on the west side, and the elevation of the ground commands an extensive view southward and westward, the place being, on such a glorious autumn day as Tuesday was, a bright and happy realisa tion of the literal appropriateness of tho name by which the Mount and its surroundings are known. Around the site of the new church a good many seats from the old church were placed for the accommodation of the ladies and others who were there, there being about 280 persons present, all the clergymen being Wesleyan ministers. But there was no provision made for the maintenance of order as to place, and thus the gentlemen cofficiating were rushed and only a dozen or two of the specta tors could see what was going on, while some of the people, both male and female, were so rude as to engage in such loud talking under the very pose of the speakers, that on one occasion the minister cele brant had to stop and call them to order. The cir cumstances we have mentioned, and the fact that no accommodation whatever was provided for the re porters, must be accepted as an explanation of any omissions in our report of the proceedings. The Rev. Mr Albiston opened the observances of the occasion by giving out a portion of the 737th hymn, which was sung. The Rev. Mr Knight then read the 84th Psalm, and the Rev. Mr Williams offered prayer. Mr S. Keast then read a copy of the vellum document inclosed, with the local journals of the day and a copy of the Methodist Recorder, in the bottle to be placed beneath the foundation stone. The document was as follows-"The foun dation stone of the Wesleyan Methodist Church, Mount Pleasant, in the Borough of Ballarat East, County of Grant, Colony of Vic toria, was laid by the Rev James Swanton Waugh, President of the Australian Wesleyan Methodist Conference, on the 21st day of March, in the year of our Lord, 1865, being the 28th year of the reign of our Sovereign Lady Queen Victoria; Sir Charles Darling, K.C.B., Captain General and Governor of the Colony of Victoria. Ministers of the Circuit The Revd James Swanton Waugh, Joseph Albis ton, and Samuel Knight. Trustees-Messrs John Tratham, James White, Samuel Osborne, J. James, and J. Oddie. Building Committee-The Trustees and Messrs J. Tredinniek, W. Sleeman, J. Anthony, R. Phillips, S. Keast, J. Woolcock, D. White, D. Morton, D. Berriman, ana R. Coran ; architect, Joseph A Doane; builders, Messrs Buley and Scott." Mr Keast said the Rev. Mr Waugh had liberally refused to accept a silver trowel on the occasion, as he knew the funds of the church were low. The Rev. Mr Waugh, having deposited the bottle in the cavity prepared for its reception, and applied the mallet to the lowered stone, said: "I pro nounce this stone to be well and truly laid, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. Amen. May the blessing of God rest upon it, and upon the place to be erected here. The reverend gentleman then proceeded to say that he had great pleasure in being present that day. To that day, he knew, the friends at Mount Pleasant had long been looking amid arduous labors in preparing the neces sary funds for tbe new undertaking. Nothing was more cheering than to witness the multiplication of bouses for Christian worship in our adopted country, and he was glad that in every part of the land sanctuaries for prayer were rising. This was one among many auspicious signs of the truth flourish ing in our midst. Nor did they do these things for mere sectarian worship. Wesleyans Were not of a party. They did not exist for mere party or secta rian purposes. They did not regard themselves as doing anythiug to advance the Saviour's cause and kingdom in the world if they were merely proselytising from other churches. They did not do their duty if they existed merely to get members from other churches. Their duty rather was, in the words of their founder, that " of spreading scriptural holiness throughout the world." So they did not essay merely to get members from other churches, but rather to get atones from the rough quarry of the world to build into the spiritual Church of God. The Church to be built there was for the proclama tion of scripture truth-the same doctrine preached in all tho Wesleyan pulpits throughout the world. First they preached the doctrine of a Triune God-the Father was God the Son was God, and the Holy Ghost was God. Yet there were not three Gods but one God. There, too, would he preached the glorious doctrine of the atonement by the blood of Jesus Christ for the salvation of sinners. There would be preached repentance towards God, and salvation, not by the works of the law, but by faith. There would be taught the privilege of the Christian to have the witness of the Spirit, and to grow unto perfection, loving God with all his heart, and soul, and strength. Thus it was the great object of Wesleyan preaching to lead the souls of the hearers to seek a personal interest in the Lord Jesus Christ. They might build splendid churches, and have gifted and elo quent ministers, but all would be in vain if they did not see in their sanctuaries souls converted to God. It had been said, " Methodism erects no monuments where she saves no souls," and he hoped that the Mount Pleasant Church would have many souls born to God there. Might the blessing of God be upon the place. A collection was then made, and the Rev. Mr Williams briefly addressed the audience, aoologising lor his brevity by remarking that though Lamar tine had said " Blessed is the man who lives and dies in the sun," he (the speaker) preferred reserving himself for the in-doors meeting before speaking in the broiling sun. The doxology was then sung, and the proceedings closed. A tea-meeting was subsequently held in the old Church, the tables being bountifully laden with good things by Mesdames Morton, Opie, Blight, James, Mitchell, Nettell, Sleeman, Eustace, and Tratham. After tea a public meeting was held, at which the Rev. Messrs Waugh, Williams, Albis ton, Knight, and other gentlemen spoke. The whole of the proceedings were concluded by about ten o'clock, and were of a very interesting nature. The proceeds amounted to £57. " We are glad to hear," says the Tarrcngoiccr Times, "That it is at all events talked of in Maldon to call a public meeting of Maldonites to protest against the infamous CuBtoms Amend ment Bill proposed by the Ministry to be tacked on to tbe Appropriation Bill. The people of Maldon ought to have lent their aid to the Free Trade League long before this; but it is 'never too late to mend,' and we hope the ' talk' will eventuate in a large public meeting, when the miners particularly will tell John Ramsay that his ultra-protectionist doctrine is selling their best interests." The Times of India gives from its correspondent, "Tom Cringle," something like a "log" upon bal looning:-" I send you the report of a balloon," he says, " said to have descended in Java, which indeed leaves fiction nowhere. When the Dutch steamer Konigsen arrived at Sourabaya she had on board a Mr Holland, one of the largest landholders in Java, whose estate at Pamaneckau is thirteen miles long. His brother was on the estate, and 6ent him a letter containing the following Btartling intelligence, and which was communicated to me by Captain Lewis, of the IConigsen-a most excellent and truslworty man. Mr Holland's brother reports that on the - September a balloon landed on their estate contain ing four gentlemen and one lady; that they had left Paris thirteen days previously for Moscow, but had been blown out of their course. He gave his brother the names of all the parties, but my informant could not recoUtct them. I give you this just as I had it when on the point of leaving Batavia on the morning of the 15th inst. The incident is reported to have occurred in tho early part of this month-'' 