HOME CORRESPONDENCE. I From our London Corresnondent.1 London. July 26. 1865. The Parliament, which was in existence when I last wrote, has ceased to bp, and another reigns iu its place. That is the leading fact of the month, but. before making any lunner reierenca to it, i muse aaverc to some events which take precedence of it in respect to time, if not in importance and in terest. A notable event occurred in the House of Commons before the dissolution — bo less than the virtual expulsion of Lord Chancellor West bury from office. The report of the House of Commons Committee on the Leeds Bank ruptcy Eegtstrarahip was published just before the departure of the last mail, anu, without waiting for the evidence, Mr. Longfield, then, bat not now, M.P. for Mullon, proceeded to make a severe attack upon the Lord Chan cellor. That, however, only brought a castiga tion upon himself; the House preferring to wait UHtil the whole case was before it. On the 3rd of July— just three days' before the dissolution — Mr. llunt, one of the Conserva tive members for Norttiamptonahue, proposed the following resolution :— 'That the evidence taken before the Committee of this House on the Leeds Bankruptcy Court dis closes that a great facility exists for obtaining public appointments by corrupt means; that such evidence, and also that taken before at'onimittee of the House of Lords in the cose of Leonard Edmunds, and laid before this House, shows a laxity ' of practice and want of caution on the part of the Lord Chancellor, in sanctioning the grant of retiring pensions to public officers over whose head grave charges are impending, and in filling up the vacancies made by the retirement of such officers, whereby great encouragement has been given to corrupt practices ; and that such laxity and want of caution, even in the absence of any improper motive, are, in the opinion of this House, Highly reprehensible, and calculated to throw discredit on the administration on the high officers of the State.' This he did in a temperate if not in an effective speech, in which he expressly exonorated His Lordihip from the charge of corruption. The Lord Advocate, who had conducted the case of the Lord Chancellor in the Committee, and Mr. Deuman replied to Mr. Hunt ; and the Lord Advocate moved as an amendment :— ' That this House, having considered the report of the Select Committee en the Leeds Bankruptcy Court and the evidence token by it, agrees in ; opinion with the Committee that the facts which are established acquit the Lord Chancellor of all charge in the matter except haste and want of caution in grantipji the pension to Mr. Wilde, and that tais. House is of opinion th.it some further check should be placed by law on the granting of pensions to legal officers. ' ; Th a amendment, it will be observed, carries iU sting in the toil, and, in tact, amounted to a vote o? censure; bat, to the surprise of those on the Liberal side, Mr. Bouverie gave notice that if Mr. Hunt's motion were nega ? tived he should move the following amendment to that of the Lord Advocate:— 'That this House, having considered the report of the Select Committee on: the Leeds Bankruptcy ' Courtis of opinion that whilst the evidence dia closed corraptpracticea with regard to the appoint ment of Mr.. Wekh to the Leeds Bankruptcy Court, no imputation could be made against the Lord ChaHcellor; on this point the proceedinga show « laxity and want of caution which tend to throw discredit on the administration of the ? high, , officers of State,' This made matters look serious for the Lord h. Chancellor; for it was taking the matter out of the ordinary, party^roove, and indicated that fbciCMe JW bepojnipg hopetoa, more especially when Mr. Hunt stated that Mr. Bouverie's amendment so expressed his own viewfl.tliatheu should accept it in Leu of his own motion. j ? Thereupon Lord Palmerston declared that ( the matter stood on a new footing, and pro-, posed an adjournment for further discussion.' Now, considering that most of the members were in the country electioneering, a wonderfully large House had been got to gether; but it was perhaps thought that twenty-four more hours whipping = would bring up more men, or possibly the Premier scented what was coming, and wished to give Lord Westbury the opportunity of resigning; but Mr. Disraeli resisted the proposal, and, ona division, the Government was beaten, the adjournment being negatived by a majority of 14. (163 to 177). Then, with great adroitness, Lord Palmerston said he would- not trouble the House to divide on the Lord Advocate's proposition, but would accept the division as indicative of the feeling of the House on Mr. Bouverie's amendment, which was then carried. I call this adroit, because it has enabled those of the Ministerialists who have been censured at the hustings for their vote to say that they voted, not for the Lord Chancellor, but only for a day's adjourn ment. There could be no doubt as to the complete ness of the Lord Chancellor's condemnation, this carrying of the rote of censure being the result of the support given to it by some 14 or 15 Liberals who voted with Mr. Bouverie. Of course it could be followed but by one result, and accordingly it' was on the following night announced to both Houses that His Lordship's resignation had been tendered to the Queen, and would be accepted immediately that the business connected with the dissolution would permit. Subsequently the Lord Chancellor himself adverted to the fact of his resignation -in a brief speech, admirable for its grace, reticence, and dignity, and delivered with as much calm ness as though it were a judgment in a law suit. He bowed to the verdict of the House of Commons, and said that he had wished to resign so soon as the charges were made, but that Lord Palmerston objected to his doing so. He adverted to the services he had been able to render to the cause of law reform, and ex pressed a hope that in that and other respects lie might still be able to render service to his country. And bo has fallen one of the ablest Lord Chancellors of modern times— fallen 'less for his own faults than for those of a scape-grace son and his unprincipled associates— fallen, too, it may be added, without having been guilty of offences any greater than have marked the official career of not a few of our public officials. The lawyers probably rejoice at it, for they thought him to be no friend to their crair: High and orthodox Churchmen had been Bhocked by his Privy Council judgments and by his treatment of the Bench of Bishops and of Convocation ; while some people of all classes, who had felt the sharpness of his, at'times, too keen and reckless tongue, were perhaps not ill pleased at an indignity put upon himself. But while the public at large feel that the sacrifice was needful, they regret its necessity ; having cause to believe that Lora Westbury could cleanse the Augean stable of our judicial system as no other man of his class can. His Lordship's place has been taken by Lord Cranwortb, who has already eat 'upon the wool sack, and has a good reputation as a lawyer, but more as a law reformer. It is supposed that the appointment is due to the fact that the Ministry were unwilling that under the circumstance?, another Chancellor should be put upon the pension-list ; while it is supposed that Sir Roundell Palmer wishes to make more money at the Bat- before he acquires a peerage and takes his seat, as he is sure ultimately to do, on the woolsack. I must pate over Sir Chas. Wood's ' Indian budget,' delivered with great difficulty from the state of his health, and delivered to some seven members— that I may refer to one of the last acts of the House of Lords, viz., the rejection of the Roman Catholio Oath Bill. This was done at the instance of Lord Derby — the numbers being 84 to 63. His Lordship's speech was one of the weakest I have hoard from him ; its chief arguments being that the present oath taken by Roman Catholic members was the result of a compact, and that, when Roman Catholic Emancipation was conceded, Catholics were quite saticfieil with ir. His Lordship's speech on the occasion has done both him and his party gome disservice, while Lord Grey's speech is ominous in regard to the future fate of the Irish Church. I suppose that nobody woald thank me for summarizing the speech of the Queen's Com missioners proroging Parliament^ and enumer ating the few measures of importance which the session has produced. Nor will I attempt to do, what most of the public journals have done— write an elaborate history of the deceased Parliament. According to the estimate of the Times it has been a model Parliament, and it hap, at least, the distinction of having been the longest of modern times. The opinions formed of its deeds and misdeeds will vary according to the stand-point of the historian or the critic ; but there can be no doubt that while it has existed the country bos immensely pro gressed. I think, too, I may predict that the next Parliament will be neither as long-lived nor so apathetic as its predecessor. Coming now to the main topic ef the month —the general election— I may, before describing the result, advert to certain general features of the conflict just concluded. It was nearly as short as it could be. Parliament was pro rogued on the 6th instant and dissolved tho same day. By that uight'a post the writs were dispatched ; on the 11th first election took place ; ob the 12th the greater portion of the borough elections took place ; and on the 24th the new House of CommonB was complete. Next, I think I may say that it was one of the quietest elections wo have had in recent time?. Not that there waB any apathy ; on the con trary, public interest in the event wonderfully quickened as the event drew near, and in many oases the number of votes polled was unprece dented. There were also riots— on a not very ?erious scale— at Rotterham, Chippenbarn, Grantham, Nottingham, Maidenhead, and some other places, aud much uproar at many of the nominations. But there was lets of nersonal bitternesB and rancorous hate, and greater moderation oi lone ana genueiieaa ui demeanour than have been witnessed at some previous dissolutions. I however fear that the expenditure has been on an injuriously large scale ; for the number of contests has been very great, and there have never been bo many monied-men seeking for seats. As regards tho principal topics disscussed- they have been almost exclusively domestic 5 for the peaceful state of the Continent and the eloBe of the American war have left politicians no excuse for talking about foreign affairs to the neglect of matters concerning home. As the result, the Reform question has everywhere cropped up, and that ghost has evidently not yet been laid. Ecclesiastical questions have also been rife, and notably the Church-rate question, which ought to be Bettled by the new Parliament after such an expression of opinion on the point as has been elicited at this election. The chief rallying cry of the Liberals has been — ' Look at the prosperity of the nation under a Liberal regime !' Mr. Gladstone, on the strength of his financial measures, having been the hero of lite hour, rather than Lord Pdlmeraton, whom nobody expects to be able to follow all through the next Parliament. All the political sections have fought hard and well j the Conservatives making up for their want of a policy by good organization, excellent party discipline, and the skilful selection of candidates to meet local want* and weaknesses. .The general political result of the election may be summed up in a sentence. The Con servative party has been decisively defeated. The reckoning of the Times is that the Liberals have gained 23 seat*, while the Daily News sets it down at 25. That may mow to be a small change, following on such a struggle ; but let it be remembered that it involve* a'gaia of 46 ' or 60 votes on a division — that that is an addi tion, to the strength which kept the Liberals in and the Tories our, and that it destroys all hope of an early return to office oh the part of the latter. The victory, moreover, is all the greater because it has been won in every part of the electoral field— in England, Wales, Ire land, and Scotland ; in counties us well as iu boroughs, The Coneervativet! expected to lose in the counties but to wfniu the boroughs. They have lost is the counties, and to an extent surpassing all Liberal expectations— in Bute shire, Cardiganshire, East Sussex,. Hertiord shire,. Kincardineshire, Linhtbgowshire, Limerick County, North Essex, * .North Staf fordshire, North Yorkshire, South Lancashire, South Shropshire, South Wilts, Stirlingshire, and South Derbyshire- while the new county constituency — i he South- West Hiding of Yorkshire — has returned two Liberals, while, on the other hand, the Liberal county losses have been confined to Berkshire (two seats), East Norfolk, West Norfolk, and King's County. But they have not, on the whole, succeeded in the boroughs,, their only matter for rejoicing in respect to them being that they have carried such towns ai Blackburn, Carlisle, Cheltenham, Derby, I Devonperr, Liverpool, Preston, and Sunder I tad, Jn the metropolitan boroogoB al] tb,ejr attempts to wrest seata from; their pppdhents* iwUL-*.. .-.-? — _ -??'?? .'- \- Inlrfilan3'the successes of the Government have been as significant as they have. been, freak 'Three boroughs,' says the Times' -ublin correspondent— 'Portarling ton, Mal low; and bligo— have been won from the Con servatives. During the last Parliament there was.no law officer of the Crowa from Ireland iu the Houie of Commons, 'except during the brief period that Mr. O'flagan represented Tralee. . Now the Attorney-General, the Soli citor-General, and the Law Adviser will all have seats in Parliament. Mr. Lawson has not only been returned— he has displaced a Conservative, and has opened a family borough, which has now, for the first time, returned a Liberal This is a, great moral victory. Mr. Sullivan has beaten a Conservative, Mr. Longfield, at Mal low, his native town ; and though he is a Protestant and a member of the Government, and was opposed by the parish priest, he con quered all opposition, and his carriage was drawn in triumph through the town by the people. Mr. Barry, the law adviser, was opposed by a Conservative belonging to a family of great local influence in the county, but he won by a large majority. Serjeant Armstrong, a Liberal, who is next on the line for promotion at the Irish bar, has displaced a Conservative, Mr. McDonagh, at Sligo. These four members will be equal to eight on a division. In fact there never was a Parliament since the passing of the Emancipation Act in which the Irish Government stood so well, or was so stroog, as it will be in the next.' This was written before the close of the elections, and matters have improved since. _ Mr. Pope HennesBy has lost his seat, and' Alderman Dillon, who is officially connected with the new National Association, has been returned, together with Mr. Whitworth, a Manchester deserter, and Mr. Stock, a London merchant — nil three pledged to a disendowmeut policy. The fact is that the junction of the Irish Catholic with the Conservative party, which had already become weaker, has been nearly destroyed by the oppo sition of the latter to the Roman Catholio Oath Bill, and more especially by Lord Derby's ill-judged declaration of his unwilling ness to take the ' muzzle' off the Roman Catholic members. I am told that it was the. Government who put Mr. Monsell up to bringing in the Oath Bill, with a view to a breach between the parties ; and if so, the stratagem has succeeded admirably. The personal results of the election have excited even more interest than the general results. There were several candidates on the Liberal bide whose success was ardently de sired elsewhere than in the constituencies to which they appealed. Mr. John Stuart Mill's appearance among the Westminster electors and his admirable speeches created a feeling of enthusiasm in his favour which made Captain Grosvenor glad to coalesce with him, and placed him within a few votes of the top of the poll. ' Tom Hughes,' aa he has come to be called, took Lambeth by storm, to the ex clusion of Alderman Lawrence, who had taken the seat unopposed only a few weeks before. Mr. Torrens, the most cultivated of the Finsbury candidate?, had more votes than any other candidate throughout tho kingdom, and was returned with Alderman Lusk, to the striking out of ' little Cox.' Professor Fawcett, ' the blind candidate,' won easily at Brighton. Mr. Morley has beea returned for Nottingham, awd Sir Morton Peto for Bristol. Mr. Duncan McLaren, the Radical, beat Mr. Adam Black, the Whig, at Edinburgh, to the great delight of Scottish Voluntaries. Several other men of great promise, intelleetually and politically, have been returned, and, notwithstanding tne audacious assertions of tho Times to the con trary, the Radical and Independent party have pained both in numbers and moral power. Very few Liberals of rank and power have been defeated ; while the Government officials who have been rejected— Mr. Frederick Peel, Lord Bury, Lord Alfred Pager, and Colonel White— will certainly not be mourned over by those who will sit below the gangway. Mr. Gladstone's son has succeeded at Chester, and Lord Derby's second son has gone in un opposed at Preston; but to the great disappoint ment of the Leeds Liberals, and indeed of advanced Liberals everywhere, Lord Amberley failed at Leeds, where the Conservative (Mr. Beecroft) headed the poll. Mr. Lawson, the Parliamentary leader of tke ' Permissive Bill' party, in no longer representative of Carlisle; while Sir John Trelawny, formerly the anti-Church- rate leader; and the 'indefatigable religious-liberty 'whip,' Sir Charles Douglas, are also without seals. The clever Mr. Leatham has been ousted at Huddersfield. Lord Fernoy was at tho eleventh hour displaced at Marylebone by the Common Serjeant of London, Mr. Chambers. The ? Hon. George Denman was (politically) killed at Ljrd Falmerston'd side at Tivertoa. Sir John Shelly, who fled from Westminster, haa found refuge in Bridgewaler ; while Mr. Brassey, who won at Devonport just before the dissolution, has lost immediately after it. The Tories have lost one of their forensic advocates in Mr. Matins, one of their naval speakers in Sir John Elphinstoue, and their man of - all - work, especially in relation to foreign affairs, in Mr. Seymour Fitzgerald. Sheffield has, however, refused to abandon Roebuck, who found his match in sharp topguedneBB in Mr. Campbell Forster, the barrister. Stroud still clings to Horsman, and Woodstock did not qiite succeed in throw ing off the ducal domination against which Mr. Henry so gallantly struggled. I wi3h I could congratulate the Australian colonists on the election of bo representative a man as Colonel Torrens. He stood as one of 'the two Liberal candidates for Cambridge. He made a good impression, and showed a spirit of unselfijhness which contrasted with that of his colleaguo ; and as Mr. Macuulay, one of the Conservative candidates, fell ill and retired just before the election, Mr.TorrenB's chance, at least, was thought to be good. But the Tories put up another banister imme diately, and showed that their strength in Cambridge is uWitninished by returning both their men. The numbers were- Forsyth, 763 ; Powell, 760; Torrens,726; Christie, 725. It is an interesting, if not an importaut fact, that thia election has given to the English Roman Cutholics three representative*. Hitherto Lord Edward Howard has been the sole representative of their creed, and he «its for a family borough; but now Sir John Acton, who formerly sat for an Irish con stituency, eits for Bridgnorth ; and Sir John Simeon tor the Isle of Wight. Both belong to the more liberal-minded and independent Cutkolic section, and Sir John Simeon was actually opposed by his brother- pervert Mr. Ward, on tho ground that he was not suffi ciently devoted to Papal interests. I have not referred to Manchester, which has given the public an electoral- surprise, and which, so far as the Liberal party ia concerned, is (is disorganized as it was at the election of 1859\. The leaders of the party first asked M r, Phillip?] Mr. Gibson, and Mr. Wilson to stand in coi junction with Mr. Bayley, but they de clined. Mr. Miall was next applied to, and lie would have stood but for the candidature of Mr. Abel Hey wood, a Eidical bookseller, who, because he had once polled 5,000 votes, thought he had a good claim for a seat. Then Mr. Jacob Bright was requested to stand, and he consented to do bo; whea two or three days before the election Mr. Edward James, the leading counsel on- that- circuit — no connection of the notorious Edwin —made his- appearance as a moderate Liberal, and, to everybody's astonishment, beat Jacob Bright by some hundreds; Hey wood b ing nowhere. It is now thought that if Mr. Miall had stood he could have defeated both James and Heywood, inasmuch as he would have kindled a degree of enthusiasm in his lavour of which Mr. Bright certainly had not the benefit. Mr. Gladstone is too important a man to be herded with the general run of candidates, and therefore 1 place him last in my electoral notes, that he may have that distinctive notice which is certainly hi3 due. Well, Oxford University has at length treated Mr. Gladstone as she did Peel, and his rejection is the greatest triumph which the Tory party has achieved during the election. The contest had been looked forward to with the utmost interest — partly because it was understood that thia was likely to be a final attempt to oust the University's brilliant but too liberal representative, and partly because tke election was to be conducted for tne first time by means of proxy voting (as well as by per sonal voting) under Mr. Dodson'* Aot. That Act has undoubtedly been a great success, iu that it has allowed a greater number of mem bers of Convocation to vote than have pulled at any previous TTuiversity election, but it has proved fatal to Mr. Gladstone.' The great majority of the resident members were strongly in hi* favour; but the nonresident members, and especially the clergy, were largely against him. The election lasted five days, and Mr, Hardy took the lead at first and kept it throughout. It was not, however, until the fourth day that the Gladstone party lost all hope; but the majority against mm was then 230, though that was reduced to 180 on the last day, the numbers being— Heathcdte, 3,236 ; Hardy, 1,904; Gladstone, 1,724. The electoral history of that day was, so far M the Chancellor of the Exchequer .was. copy 'cwiea^of quite ardramatic character. , first 'issuing an address to his late' constituents,' respectfully bidding them; farewell, and expres sing, his 'profound and lasting gratitude for indulgence as generous and for support as warm and enthusiastic' as had ever been accorded by a»y constituency to any represen tative. Mr. Gladstone issued an address to the dectorB of South' Lancashire, to whom— though he had been nominated with Messrs. Heywood and Thompson— he had previously been but 'the, ghost of a candidate,' and confidently asked whether that which had been regarded as a disqualification at Oxford would be a barrier to his acceptance aa a representative of the Liberalism of the north. But he did more than, write' heart-stirring addresses. On Jhe same day he reached Manchester and addressed an overwhelming audience m the Free Irade Hall, and in the evening an equally vast gathering in his nat ive town, Liverpool. The next day; was similarly spent, for time was precious, and there were but two days to undo in Lancashire the work which had been a whole year deing at Oxford. Not even the political opponents of the Chancellor can have helped admiring the wonderful dash, breadth, aud power of these memorable electioneering speeches. The orator seemed to leap into the arena with a feeling of joy, which etruggltd with passionate regret, as he declared that he was at length 'unmuzzled' aud able to take that part in the electoral struggle which University etiquette had previously denied him. There must, I imagine, have been some Oil ord men who had already begun to regret the votes given for Mr. Hardy when they saw how unreservedly Mr. Gladstone threw himself into the stream of popular feeling in favour of both political and ecclesiastical reform. As might have been expected he won the seat he sought, but, to the disappointment of the South Lancashire Liberals, he did net carry in his iwo colleagues, and himself came in below Messrc Egerton and Turner, the two succesiful Conservative candidate?. It, in fact, cannot be concealed that he owes hia return to the support of tbe Liverpool Con servatives, whose pride in him as a fellow - townsman was stronger than their political feelings, and also to the clergy of the division, a large number of them voting for him. Nevertheless, the fact remains that Mr. Gladstone ia now member for a great po pular constituency, and is no longer hampered by the ecclesiastics and the traditions of ? Oxford. Throughout all Eidical circles there is an expression of satisfaction at such results, it being believed that Mr. Gladstone will now be free to- follow the bent of his o«ra generous inbtincts. There is. however, I must add, a small minority of his admirers who doubt that the effect will be of so favourable a kind, and who believe that while great things may still be looked for from hiiu'in matters of finance, he is so incurably ' churchified' that he will still refuse to march in the direction of religious equality. I have as yet said nothing as to the de meanour of the Conservative party in the ad verse circumstances in which they have unex pectedly found themselves. They confesa to a feeling of disappointment : but assert that matters are not us bad as they eeein, and that they shall still bo able to exercise a controlling influence over the proceedings of Parliament. Mr. Disraeli, iu particular, iu a speech at an election dinner, has displayed the utmost ingenuity in attempting to prove that his party have suffered no actual lose, inasmuch us several of the beaten men commonly deserted their party in critical divisions ; while he also hopes that some of the lost Beats will be gained when the present occupants are unseated by Com mittees of tho House of Commons. These movements are, however, not sustained by facts ; while the facts have become worse since the delivery of Mr. * Disraeli's speech. The simple truth is that he and his friends hoped and expected to take possession of the Treasury bench ub the result of this election, and now they are further off than ever, aud can only exercise the moderating but unremunerative influence of an opposition. It is too eurly to speculate on the probable effects of the election on the future course of tbe Government. Remembering the proceed ings of the last House of Uommons.I should fear that, being once more firmly seated, they would forget their vowa and still pursue a do-nothing policy ; but there is a general expectation that there must be a movement in some direction, and as certain an expectation that a recon struction of the Cabinet will involve some change of policy. Usually the Cabinet does not sit until the uutuiun ; but it has already met— two days ago — to reckon up its gains and losses, and no doubt to come to some agreement jis to the kind of preparation to bo made for tho work of next session. The rumours of change cou tinues and everything concurs to make it likely that they have beneath them a sub stratum of truth. It is asserted by some that Lord Palmerston will not wait till Parliament meets, but will resign previously, and that Lords Granvihe, Kussel), or Clarendon will take his place, with Mr. Gladstone us leader in the Commons. On all hands it ib felt that Mr. Gladstone is the pivot on which our future movements will turn, and that very ex pectancy will produce a feeling of preparedness calculated to bring about the event. The horrible news lately received from New Zealand has quickened public interest in the affairs of thai country; though the Times declares that it cannot understand or unravel the state of things which it presents. ' It,' it says, ' New Zealand does us no ether service, it is destined to illustrate in the fullest and most striking manner the impossibility of go verning, negotiating, or commanding at the distunce. of tha diameter of tbe earth.' It disbelieves the statements made relative to the discord alleged to exist between Sir George Grey and General Camerou, believing that they know their duty too well to act in the manner ascribed to them, while it aBserts that nothing has happened to disturb the iinpresBion ' that there never wag a wiser or aouLtler policy, tuun that of calling upon the colony to bear a considerable portion of the expense of the imperial troops etupl yed in New Zealand un its behalf. It has worked wonders in bringing tho mind ol the colonists to a sound and practical view of the question )etweeii tnetu anu tne natives on a suijdci on irhich all parties are agreed. . . . Our sorrespoiideat seems to apprehend that ttiis brce is too small for the purpose which it is M tended to answer, to doubt whether England nrill suffer all her troops to be removed, and to ncliue to the opinion that they will be ic ;ained with only a nominal payment for their mpport from the colony. We eaunot agree in iny of these opinions. It see us to us thut New Zealand may very well defend herself ivith such a forco as is here contemplated, if she will ouly adopt a polby cm formable to her altered situation.' Tne writer deprecates any aggressive policy, ind recommends one of 'temporizing pro crastination and delay.' ' Time fights far m. Without the aid of tho bayonet and the rifle, dark and ill understood causes, over which we apparently have no control, are working out the gradual disappearance and destruction of the Maori race. For some reason or another the children are not brought up to supply the waste of the present generation. Wheu the t listing race of young warriors is gone, there will not, .according -to all appearanoe, be anbthertd* replace them. Without the ttain of blood- guiltiness, we are certain, if we will only have a little patience, to see our pre-eut difficulties disappear of themselves' Finally, the Times advises the calomsts not to deceive - themselves by supposing that any change will bo made in tbe terms on which English troops will be left in New Z/aland. Tho Dally Vews_ hopes that the despatches of Mr. Cardwell will put an end to the existing coniuBion and recrimination, but assures the Auckland people that it is useless for them to think of eepurating from the other provinces with a view of securing the retention of the imperial troops :—' Tue British Government has too much regard for the present and future welfare of the colony to encourage any project of secession. We may hope that wheu' the irre vocable character of its resolution to withdraw its treops has become known, all parties in New Zealand will unite to strengthen the Go vernment of the c lony, which will then be far better qualified than the Iiriperiil Government to deal with the native difficulty and with ?very other question raised by this war, It will be fur tue interests of the colonists to treat the natives. as neighbours, aud in case of dis putes to use them as well as they deierve, and this 'is all that the beat frienaa of the Maori can desire.' During a recent trip to Scotland I saw ia all the. booksellers' 'windows photographs of the handsome face of Dr. Pritchsrd, who has during the month been, tried and condemned for the murder of his wile and .mother-in-law by poison. There has been no doubt in the public mind as to his-guilr, nor isi- any sympathy felt fur the culprit, who has led a selfish and. unscrupulous career, which will fitly end on the gallows. He has made two confessions, but the man's restless vanity would not let him tell the whole truth at once, so he acknowledged to- the murder of his wife, but declared before God, as a dying man, ' that he was innocent of the death of Mrs, Taylor j' while fa? also made BtatanentB intended to a,ba,tf the hflinousnew of the crime. ,Xet,a few-days, later ? he- tnakea- -a wcond ? confession, and this time, it is to be hoped, tellii the whole truth. In a few hours* after thoae lme§ are written he will . be in the presence of bis anpered Maker. ? ? ? ^ * The trial of Constance Kent, for the murder of her little brother^ Has also taken place, but those,who expected to feast on all the details of . a horrid crime* have been disappointed. S\ to', have those who wished tha Bev. Mr. Waguer and Mus Gream to be badgered int« breaking ' the seal of confession.1' The un happy girl again pleaded guilty, deliberately and persistently, and the plea was received by tho learned Judge, Mr. Justice Willes, who, in in a voice disturbed by the violence of his emotions, sentenced her to. death. . No one, however, supposed that the sentence would be oxecuUd ; nor, indeed, desired it. The fort that the crime waa committed ' years ago, that she was then very young, and that she is condemned solely on her own con fession, told in her favour; and as I write the announcement is made that the Home Secre tary has recommended that her sentence be commuted to one of penal servitude for life. There will be found in the newspapers a letter of Inspector Whicher, written at the time of the abortive enquiries, which shows how accurate was the view taken of the case by that sagacious detective. , I shall not lengthen this litter by describing the progress made in the laying down of the Atlantic telegraph ; for the details will be read with, interest all over the civilized world. Nor is there anything in relation to foreign politics which requires remark; and if I say. the same thing in respect to America it is because I speak relatively only, bearing in mind the events of tremendous interest which J have hud to chronicle in former letterii. The con viction and execution of the men and the woman who were parties to the assassination of President Lincoln is not a small fact, and yet it is nothing in comparison with the destruc tion of armies. Oa the whole tho American newi leads one to look forward to the future with unabated hopefulness. 