HOME LETTERS. THE BOOK WORLD. (raoit a unmnr ooBaBfPOnvnrr.) No, L LONDON, IUboh 87. Jtfr. JHwpnd Tat«, die editor of diet mbgarino, will oomfiianoa e new *U>rj in the Ajb^I number of Temple Bar- Until oflale, hfr,,Xfc|pe wee known pn\jrea one of the wy, lighteetoru light" writer*—tiie beet thinge hb nemo had appeared to were eome of the - fiimebet-of theahorf atone* end "toOlel eketobee" which hew been oontribntod to Mr. Diekehi'a weaker megaitne—bat diet 0»oc bekiMtekena petition to"the front took1 of dQr'jvpofer norplbta. "Broken to Eu tow," the etorj trom hit pen whipb wm one Of tie obief ettnatione of Temple Bar ell trough lut jeer, ie tomething more then «l«w and readable i it b • reell/ oiU pro duction, erindng eihr leiger amount of thoee' (juahtjea whlob go to etoke Op power, in the Meaty eeoMt thu one bed erer dreamed of ertdfting Mr. letee with.' Itbbp mock this* meet prombing jbtt norel we kave bed for ^ eome timet bot then it fa not often diet a men j writee lib diet pore! when he b eloee on fcrlp, end after be bet teen piping hit pen et ddnooeiy for .fifteen jriui or more. Mr. Xetot'e new atorp.will be celled "Lend at LwL" Ibe robune with Mr. .Yatee'a ■ name attached to It, whioh Metom. Maxwell end Chj-hMfe jtot baaed, bnder the title of "Paget in Welting," b notenorel, but it eolleotioa of nineteen oeoaeional pleoet, eome of them in prose and others in verse, which hare spprared from Urn* to time in Temple Bar, A story, to be eelled " Half a Million of Money," bgr Miaa Ameiie B. Edwards, author of " Barbara's History," will euoceed Mr. Fitzgerald's "Never Forgotten" in AU ike Tear Boned i and Him Annie Thomat'e " Theo. Leigh" will be followed in Once a Week by a new novel by Mj. Shirley Brooks. In -Afoemittan'e Magazine, Mr. Henry Kingslsy'a " The Hillyai* and the Burtons," end Mr*. Oliphant'e "A Son of the Soil," are both nearly runout; their euooeoom wilt be "Oredock Nowell," by a "new hand," and a etory, whoee name ie not yet annonnoed, by His* Tonga, the author of "The Heir of J Eedclyffe. It is. aeieried, but I eannot lay | whether with authority or not, that a new work by Miaa Evans, otiierwiae " George I Eliot,", will euooeed Mr. Wilkie Collins'* " Armadale" in the Corn/till; and that Mr*. Gaskets ^'Wivee and Daughter*" will be followed by a new iaie by Mr. Frederick Green wood, author of "Maimret Denzil's History." It ie alto mid that Bir Edward Bulwer Lytton willahortly contribute anew etoiy to Block wood. Miaa Braddon (who, for a wonder,—her normal number bring three,—hue only two etoriee running just now: "Sir Jasper's Tenant" in Temple Bar, and " Only a Clod" in the St. Jamee'e) ia about to try her fortune aa a writer for the stage. That charming young actress, Miaa Mane Wilton, liaa become the leeaee of a hitherto obscure little theatre in a street running out of Tottenham Court Boad, ia having it handsomely embellished, and hopes to make it, under the name of "ThePrinoe of | Wales's Theatre," aa attractive to the play going public aa the charm of her beauty and | talents made the Strand Theatre during the years 1869 to 1S6S; and Miss Braddon is writing the comedietta with which it is to open; moreover Mr. Buoketone of the Haymaiket, recently announced that Miss Braddon was | writing a play for his house. Judging from ber novels, one would expect her to produce effective plays, of the kind,—so much in vogue just now, — whioh depend for their interest solely upon action and {dot. She ia not short of imagination; and her methods, as evinced in her novels, of working out the plots aha has invented are just those which Uu beat on the stage. When, as has so often happened, successful novelists have foiled as play-wrights, it has usually been from of familiarity with lack of familiarity with stage machinery, and want of sufficient knowledge of the special exi gencies of the theatre and of the essentials to "stage effort;" but in Miss Bmddon's case, thanks to ber early experience aa an actress, should she foil as a writer for the theatre it will at least not be from that cause. Indeed, it it not improbable that the suooees of her novels—due for less to the intrinsic interest of | the stories told in them than to the art with which their stories are unfolded, so aa to keep the reader's expectation constantly excited—is the result, in no small part, of her observation, during ber career aa an actress, of the laws of construction, obedience to which ia of Bach es sential importance to the dramatist who seeks to fix attention chiefly by action and incident —by the development of striking combinations of events and circumstances. Her novels cer tainly lend themselves very readily to adapta tion for the stage. They have nearly all been turned into plays, and into very 'successful plays too. A fewmonths ago, at cer tain East- end theatres, as many as four plays founded on novels of her* were running all at once, and three of them bml each run for more than a hundred night*. Is she not indeed a wonderful woman? " lady Audley'e Secret," which, although by no means her first book, was the book which first drew attention to her, was published only in 1861; yet " Sir Jasper's Tenant" is her •rentth novel since then. Within the last four year* ehe has published eighteen volumes, all at them among the most readable of their time. What a book ehe might produce if she were to give her powers foir play, and were to spend two or three years over a story, instead of writing two or three stories a year ! Her publisher, Mr. John Maxwell, certainly does not lack enterprise. Owning already more periodical publications than any other one man m the world, he is just starting two new ones,— the Bag of Bat and the JFbtci Tower. The former, of which the first number on Satur day last, is to be published weekly, price one penny, and to be conducted by Mr. H»ln Fris weD, the author of that so popular book of essay*, " The Gentle Life." As its name im plies, it is intended chiefly for Sunday reading, (rut it will have much in common with the ordinary week-day magazines, and, as regards tbo religious dement in it, will seek chiefly, not to preach sectarian dogmas, but,—I quote its prospectus,—" to spreadpeoce, good-will, cheer fulness, tenderness of heart, and love of truth among mankind." The Watch Tower is to be issued monthly, price one shilling, and its first number ia to appear on the 1st. of Aprfl. It is to be "devoted to the defonoe and the pro pagation ofthetenetsoftheChuroh of England," meaning bythe Church of England the "Evan gelical" or " Low Church" section thereof.—but | will have a large infusion of the purely literary element. It will be conducted by,—of all men in the world,—the gentleman mentioned above as being the editor of Temple Bar! I add that note of exclamation not so mnch on account of the sense of incon gruity which is called forth in one's mind by the idea of the same man editing Temple Bar and a religious magazine, as on account of the voracity for work on the part of the average literary man of the present day of which the fort is suggestive. Here is Mr. Yates, who holds a post in one of the departments of Her Majesty's Civil Service, the duties of which may be presumed to oocupy him every day from ten till four, who moreover edits Temple Bar, contributes thereto monthly from twenty to thirty Paget of fiotion, besides oocaaional essays ana verves, performs the duties of theatrical critic for the Bailg Berne, provides the Morning Star with the weekly column of chit-chat which it publishes on Mondays under the heading of " The EM near," supplies a similar column weekly to one of the Iran journals, produces a alight piece for the theatres now and then, and oontribntes occa sionally to Ml the Tear Bandy and to good ness only knows how many periodicals besides, undertaking, iu addition to all this, to edit the Watch timer! Must he not possets a marvel lout industry? And yet herein—this ia the ! notable point—he ia by no means singular, but -is simply a foir representative of bis brethren of the pen. His activity ia but the ordinary activity of the average journalist of these days. It may be that the said average journalist is * great deal too active. Itjspoe etble that ha would do much more If he did leas—th*t hit work would be better, and would stand for mora, would go further, and hare more weight, if there were not ao much of it; hut the fort remains, that if the lifs of the \ working man of letter* was ever an idle life it is ao no longer. : The droumstanoe of Mr. Maxwell abating | eearf-gdJjpPUS periodicals, is curiously aignifi cantSt Via immense popularity of the semi rehgKitff^nat. Mr. Maxwell lias oertainly no penMil^jpoelivitiea" toweade literature of I the kind In question, and if .he had snob they I alone .would scarcely incite him to the rearing ! of Fioteetant" watch-towers," for I believe 1 ] betrey no confidence inspeaking'ofhim ate member of the Soman Catholic oomtnubion.' Atall evehU, thereanfew peraonain London who Ao not know that there is • oertaln Bomxn Catholic chapel in the .bajgUbouihood of I Lincoln's Inn Fields,—the chapel of the f It alian Eprbaasy,—the attendance at whioh has , increased. immensely, tinea'' the publication of "Lady Audley'a Secret," hy reayon of Mir. M*kwcll bring to be teen then every Sunday foaming with the authoress of that novel by pit wide. The sixpences whioh one of the attendants at that chapel reoeiroe for answer ing under hit breath, the whispered questions j ofcurioua visitor*, "VThichisMiaa Braddon f" must, amount in the oourte of a year to some thing handsome. This, however, ia by the way. .JjVbat I was about to remark is, that ] Mr; Maxwell ia infiuenoed exclusively by com mercial motives, and haa no originality. He I ia alvfajaeUrting periodicals, whs never yet '< started one embodying a new idea. Looking beak, however, over tire last ten yean, I can call to mind no single instaaoe of some one more incentive luring launched » periodical really po*»e*»ing tome feature* of novelty, m which, if the wd periodical proved »uooe*sful, Mr. Maxwell did not quickly etert something in imitation of it. Togive one of 8ft/ similar miBjdci,—the Comhill wn tii® pMaro piff|^»iM nsmcd i/tar • Lradoo II WMHUIUW UVUi VUCax* rev* mwi"nyy > ina van fen month* the i«ue of ita fiat num ber Mr. Maxwell had commenced Temple Bar and the St. Jamee't Magazine, both being imitation* of the Comhill, alike in prioe, in sire, in general style of getting-up, in principle of nomecdftiore, tad in befog put forth in connexion with the nameeof the mori eminent writer* who oould be got to oonduet them I and had alao started the Sixpenny Magazine, which imitate* the external appeamnoe of the Conduit »o exactly, that when a oopv of the one » placed by the eideof aoopy of theother, at a few yard*' dietanoe—for the result is by no means the same on a closer inspection—yon hare difficulty in telling which is which. The case is exactly similar with the Bay of Rett, which, in price; in size and arrangement of nee, in number of pages per issue, and in at jeut the general character of its contents, is a most servile imitation of the Qmeer and the Sunday Magazine | and we may safely oount on the Watch Tower evincing an equally clooe relationship to the ChnnhmazCt Family Maga zine and the Englithman. This is a sign, than which none could be mom conclusive, that the new -tMi of magazines—for they have all arisen within the lost two or three rears—to which Mr. Msxwell bss thus rendered the latest instance of hie usual homage to success, have won a notable share of public favour; and, indeed, I know that some of them, espe cially the Sunday Magazine and the Queer, bare attained a really enormous circulation, enjoying a sale such as until of late had never been reached in this country by any periodicals exoept the London Journal and the Family Herald. Considering that the character of the magazines in question is a sort of cross between that of the " religious magazine," a* it used to be, and that of serials of a much more "light" and secular kind, their vast popularity, is on several grounds, one of the most significant of the signs. This reminds me of a very curious fact which I leamt only the other day—the fact, namely, that a little book called "The Sinner's Friend," written by the late Mr. J. Vine Hall, the father of one of our most popular dissent ing ministers, the Bev. Newman Hall, of the 8orrey Chapel, has passed in this country alone—for it has been translated into twenty nine foreign languages — through no fewer than three hundred and seventy-five editions, amounting to on aggregate of one million, six hundred and three thousand copies! Very few persons, X imagine, if asked which of the books written in our age had attuned the largest amount of acceptance at the hands of the public would dream of answering " The Sin ner's Friendyet it would seem that one would be wrong in answering otherwise. There is one more coming magazine still to be mentioned. It will appear on the first of May, under the title of the Shilling Monthly, and will be published by the rising house of Tinsley Brothers. It will aim at ranking rather with Blackwood and Frater than with the existing shilling magazines. It will be edited by Mr. Samuel Lucas, author of " Becularia, or the Stream of History," editor of Once a Week, and, since the death of Samuel Phillips, chief oontibutor to the literary columns of The Timet; and amongst its contributors will be Dr. W. H. Russell, Captain Richard F. Bur ton, Mr. Sola, the author of " Guy Living ston," Mr. Winwood Reade, Miss .Annie Thomas, and others of the authors and authoresses whose books the Messrs. Tinsley haTe latterly published. In the Fall Mall Gazette we have, at last, really a novelty in daily journalism. It is not so much a newspaper as a review. It began its career as an evening journal, including among its contents a very brief summary of the news which bad appeared in the mormng'e papers, together with Mr. Router's telegrams down to the hour of its going to press; but it now appears both morning and evening, and in its morning edition gives no news at all, except a rapid narrative of the proceedings in Parliament, when Parliament has been sitting the night before. It is printed from large " antique-faced" type, upon thicker paper than thatof the Saturday Bedew, and is of much lees unwieldly size than the other daily journals, its pages being of slightly smaller dimensions than those of the Illndrated London Newt. This smsllness of psge will enable the new journal to be gathered periodically into volumes of moderate bulk; and, with a view to its being bound up quarterly, instead of its num ben being paged separately, as those of tbeordi nary daily journals are, during each successive three months its paging will run on continu ously from number to number. Each number of its morning edition contains eight pages, one of which, the back page, is devoted to adver tisements; about one and a half,—except on a Monday, Parliament not sitting on Saturdays,— to the Parliamentary narrative just spoken of; and the remainder to original articles on politics, society, literature, art, and things in general,— these articles varying in length from three or four sentences only to a jiage or more, according to the importance of their subjects. The evening edition contains twelve pages per number, and is more of a newspaper; it is a reprint of the morning edition, pint tour pages of Money Market intelligence and general news. The new journal is edited by Mr. Junes Hannay, author of "Singleton Fonto coy," lately editor of the Edinburgh Oourant, and a frequent contributor to the Quarterly Bedew; and among its contributors are Mr. Arthur Helps, Mr. Anthony Trollope, Mr. Percy Greg, Mr. G. H. Lewes, Mr. Higgins (of old time, but 110 longer, einoe the Osptain Crawley trial, the "Jacob Omnium" and « Paterfamilias" of The Timet), and the author of " Cornelius O'Dowd." It has been spoken of as " a kind of daily Saturday Bedew," and, although this is not at all a oorreot de scription of it, it certainly follows the example of the Saturday Bedew in at least two parti culars, besides that of publishing none but origi nal writing: it appeals exclusively to the more cultivated dais of readers, and it goes in for tqe utmost attainable piquancy of style. On suspending, at the close of the last ees ■ion of parliament, their very clever " occa sional" midget of news and witty comment, "The Owls promised that it should reappear at the oommenoement of the session of 1865; and it bis re-appeared, accordingly—but with some changes. Last season, The Owl, with the sub-tide of An Occational Journal gf PoURct and Society, wsi issued at irregular interval*— sometimes two or three weeks, and at other* only two or three days, elapsing between the issue of consecutive numbers of it—and con sisted, per sixpenny number, of only four pages oT not veiy large-sized letter-paper. TUu sea son it gives two sheets of quarto lettei^paper per number, calls itself jt Wednetday Journal ofFolitirt and Society, and appear* regularly on die fourth morning of eve^y week. Though giving now p*r number twioe u many pegta of paper a* it gave last season, it oontains, however, only one pace per number more matter, the first page of each number bring occupied by Doyle s famous cartoon of " The' Owls in OouuoO," the seoond pace being left blznk,and the last page being given np to advertisements. Of the five pages wbiob are thu* all that ere left for the literary oontents of each number, die first and a portion of the second are usually oooupied by oourt, diplomats, anfi political newt, obtained from "special source* of information," and fttqueritty of rery grret importance— tbi* portion of each Wednesday * Owl it generally a prominent feature of the contents of all the dul. paper* of the next morning—end the remainder bj satire end badinage, partly in prose and partly in veree, cleverer than anything else of thekmd that we have ever had in England. Altogether, what with theseverely exclusive" oharactor of it* new*, pungency ofite wit, the iuxoriou* nea* of it* thiol white paper and elegant tvpo contributors, the uwi mutt oe ngmxa ss mo •tituting the rerj crime de la crime of the (priitical) periodical press. I do not know who its contributors are. They areiaid to be . " young patrioians of the biuret Hood, ana | 1 juvenile diplomatists of the highest class,' and it is certain that they must have aeoere to sources of information, especially in re*pact of foreign and diplomatic affirirs, which are not open to ordinary journalists. Jt k alio aaid that those who are in their secret, can peraeire excellent liken eeeci of them in tbelnMI of the eleven owls — (me wearing an earl's oato net, another a biihop'e mitre, and a third a 3*e wig —who are gathered round the in the table in the frontispiece, "The Owb in Council." I, however, ara not in the confi dence of theee birda of wisdom; and there ia only one of their eleven figures in which I can dieoern the least resemblance j to any one whom I know anvthing I of. That is a figure of a lady ow£ ana is intended, I fancy, to stand for the Countess Gilford—by no means the least talented, nor the least beautiful, of the many talented and beautiful women wbo bare graced the line of the Sberidans. Shall I quote a specimen or two of owl wit ? That was not a bad epigram which the owls put into the mouth of Mr. Giadstoney when, soon Mler be had been hustled so by that ex cessively numerous deputation of fanners and country gentlemen, who went to him to urge him to take off the malt tax, they made him define the word " deputation" as " a noun of multitude which signifies many, but does not signify much." Nor is this quatrain altogether destitute of the true flavour— Dirndl tried to find the Coming Han, And when the Earl of Derby naked, "Whoishat" Tie esld the foiled flnancier'e answer ran, "TliAt erery calculation made him Dizzr." Sometimes, but not often, the owls oonde ecend to the kind of word-torturing, which Mr. f. C. Bnmand, Mr. H. J. Byron, and the other writers of burlesques for our theatres hare carried of late to so painful an extreme ; hut they at least do it with a rare ingenuity, as in this on the result of the malt-tax debate of March 7, in the course of which so'mueh was said about beer and brewing, and which wound up with a division in which Bir Fitzroy Kelly, who had proposed the anti-malt tax resolution, was supported by only 171 votes against 261 i— Division shows Kelly dsoeived in his "spoon," The toriss an lossn b j Ale Treble X— that is to ssy, by TiXXX, or eighty, the number of the Government majority. It is in their more lengthy prose pieces, however, that the owls are smart cat, and none of these are quotable within my space. Mr. Henry Mayhew is to the fore again, and is faying to imitate his old "Lon don labour and the London Poor," success of fifteen or sixteen years ago. He has just published the fimt instal ment of a work which he will probably con tinue monthly as long as the public may pleeee to buy it—let it be brought to a conclusion whenever it may, it will certainly not be because ils subject is exhausted—under the title of " The Shops and Companies of London, and the Trades and Manufactures of Great Britain." The first pert of this work—which is certainly cheap enough, eo far as quantity goes, it is perhaps the biggest shilling's worth in the market just now—describes the shops of Mean. Hunt and Boekell, the famous jewellers of New Bond-street, end of Messrs. Howell and James, the great silk-mercers of Regent street, the Groerenor Hotel (one of the im mense caravanterait which have latterly been among the most favourite objects of joint-stock enterprise in this country), the great brewery of Messrs. Bass and Co., at Burton-on-Trent, and some half-dozen other manufactories, some in London and some in the country. In ad dition, it contains articles on " The Old Shops of London," "The Curiosities of Advertising," "Memorable Frauds practised on Trades men," "The Percentage evil of the West end Trade," " How to distinguish good from bad Calico," Ac. It is very lively and read able, and contains a world of curious and in teresting information about manufacturing processes and a multitude of trade matters ; but itwQl certainly fail to attain a position by the side of " London Labonr and the London Poor." The public will not be able to resist a suspicion that the business and manufactur ing processes carried on at the various " shope and manufactories" of which it may treat have been described, not exclusively pro bono publico, but with some eye also to some much mora tangible " consideration." The books of tbe last month are not very numerous. All of them that need be mentioned here are thefifth and six volumes of Mr. Thomas Oarivle'e " History of Frederick the Great." concluding that work; Mr. William Gatt's " Railway Reform, its Importance and Practic ability considered as Affecting the Nation, the Shareholders, and the Government"—a hook eetting forth very ably all the arguments in favour of the purchase of our railways by tbe State; a second series of tbe discursive and amusing, though rather paradoxical, disquisi tions by "Cornelius O'Dowd" on "Menand Women, and Other Things in General," re printed from Blacb-wood's Magazine; a collec tion of most romantic, but literally true," Stories of Banks and Bankers," by Mr. Frederick Martin, the compiler of "The Statesman's Year Book;" "A Famous Forgery," by Mr. Percy Fitzgerald, being the story of Dr. Dodd, the celebrated popular preacher and man of fashion who was executed in 1777 for having forged the signa ture of the Earl of Chesterfield to a bond for £4,200; a reprint, in two large handsome vol umes of the able eketches of the rise, progress, andpresentpoeition of "Tbe Great Governing Families ofEngland," by Mr. John Langton San ford and Mr. Meredith Towneend, which have been so important a feature of the Spectator for some time past; "The Life, Times, and Scientific Labours of the second Marquis of Worcester: to which is added a Reprint of his ' Century of Invention,' with a Commentary thereon, by Mr. Henry Dircka, C.E., the in ventor of the polytechnic " ghost" ; " Socnes of Wonder and Curiosity in California," by Mr. J. M. Hutchings, who has spent many yean in that oormtry, and illustrates his narrative with more than a hundred striking engravings; " Tbe Works of the late Sir Ben jamin C. Brodie," collected and arranged by Mr. Charles Hawkins, and preceded by an auto biography which Sir Benjamin wrote in bis latter years, and which will be found of ex ceeding interest by others than medical readers; "Miss Mackenzie," a novel by Mr. Anthony Trollops ; " Tbe Clever Woman of tbe Family," a novel, in two volumes, by tbe author of " Tbe Heir of Radclifie" ; and a reprint—preceded by a life of the author, from tbe pen of tbe publisher of tbe reprint, Mr. John Camden Holten—of that latent literary example of Yankee humonr, " Arte mua Ward, His Book. Of eome of these books I shall speak in detail in other letters. Let me crowd into a concluding paragraph a few items about forthcoming nooks. Mr. Hepworth Dixon, the editor of the Atheneeum, has in the press a book on the Holy Land— he spent a considerable portion of last year there—which, it is said, will be "no mere tourist's narrative, and no mere contro versial treatise, but a picturesque disquisition on the soenery and politics of the Holy Land in tbe time of Our Lord." Messrs. OaascU, Fetter, and Gilpin are about to publish " The North-West Passage by Laud; being the History at an Expedition from the Atlantic to the Faoifio through British Territory, by one of the Northern Puses in the Body Mountains," by YisoonBt Milton and Mr. W. B. Oheadle, FJE.GB. Under the title of " Eastern England, from the Thames to the Humber," Mr. Welter White will shortly add another to tbe well-known aeries of books of home-travel wbiob he oommeneed with " A Londoner's Walk to the land's End." Mr. J. F. Miguire,M.P., euthor of "Rome and her Rulers, and "Esther Mathew, a Biography," is writing a Life of the late Cardinal Wise man. A uniform edition of those valuable works," A Fraotiosl Treatise on Banking, " The Logio of Banking," " Banking in Ire land," "A Treatise on Ancient Commerce," and " Logio for the Million," by the late Mr. W. J. Gilbert, F.RJ3., the eo successful Genual Manages' of the London and West minster Bank, is in preparation. Messrs. Trflbner and Co. are preparing a translation of that very interacting book, "Geology and His tory, a Popular Exposition of all that is known of the Earth and its Inhabitants in Pro-historic Times," by Profewor Berebard von Ootte, of Freiberg. Captain Sherard Osborne, wbo is going, not to the North Pole, bat to Bombay to manage tbe Great Indian Peninsula Railway, is editing a uniform edi tion ol " Narratives of Aretie Voyages, and of Oruircs in Japanese and Malayan Waters." Tbe " Biographical Bketobee of Eminent Soldiers of the kit Four Centuries," which die late Major-Oeneral Mitchell Ml in msuuscript, an about to be published by Messrs. "Blackwood and Sobs, wNh a memoir ■fit thdrianthor by Dr. Leonard Sohmita. A ftgrj jfc tbeir eiperienoee in Australia and America rt,« been kept by Mr. and Mra. Obariee Kean, *"• ebortly be published by Mr. Murray. one Mr. W. A. Wheeler is engaged in ^orVine out air idea—that of producing r .km.d °* gazateer and half biographical fernvtg, sot to real persons and plaofc^ the characters and scenes of (amous norei w. v/7' 