MISCELLANEOUS. THi IMPERIAL AUTtOR.-TO show how fine a thing it is to be an emperor and an author, let os state that Napoleon the Third-with the view to carefully learning the military practice of the Romans at the time of Casar, and in order to make his forthcoming history of Julius as perfect as study under favourable cireum stance will permit-caused an able and learned oflicer of artillery to ascertain the military costums the arms, armour, accoutre ments, trappings and other warlike instruments -including those proper for siege service, the camup and the field, and to reconstruct the sama in the most perfect manner that care and boundless wealth allowed. At the Tuilleries has bheo formed a museum of such article; derived from ancient seulptues, descriptions, and drawings on pottery, &c.; there appear tim tents, waggons standards, havresacks. straps, boats. bridge machinery, shovels an. balista, falarica, catapult, how and arrow. Each had been carefully reproduced and fitted for use, so that when the author desired to see a tribune, centurion, decurion or private - soldier, exactly as COtsar saw him, all that needed to be doae was to call 15 Cent-Gardo and clothe him from the museum. Tie ghost of tjtsar himself nmight he invoked with even less of fear than Brutus had, and the "Aye, at Phillilppil," of tie unmIatchable spirit have dio terror for his. sudcessor.-Athnewum. REDI HIAnt.-It is the fashioln in Paris to have hair the colour of the Empress's. Hlow tie bruntttes accotiplish this is thus explained. At -the appointed "hour the candidate for golden hotnurs enters the dressing-room in a long white dressing-gown. Her hair floats looselyoverhershoulders. The-artist hegins by separating every hair. Then he pours over the head a phial of" water" (probably a deadly poison). He saturates each hair. This occupies two houro. After fifteen minutes he soaks the whole hair in ice-water. 1te then kneads the hair with his hands. Again ice water is applied. He moves the " gooseso within a few inches of the htir and it turns red.. The whole operation lasts five hours, and leaves the lidy with red hair an intoler able headache, mangled nerves, and eighty dollers less in pocket.- Young Ladies' Journal. CutIIoUS DISCOVERtY.-A correspondent supplies us with thu annexed: " An exciting discorery has juslt been nade in the parish of Ardsallagh, near Naint, county Ilf Menth. On til lands of a farmer nsmed Foley stonai a 'Erects knoll,' or miniature rath, long an ohjeet of respectful veneration with young and oId of the locality. Tihe occlupier, desirous o; brinlgling the waste ground unner cultivation set about removing this relic of the past. Near its centre, and about five feet below the surface, were found the remains of two meii. - T'heskull and principal bones of one were in good preservation-the other nearly all decayed. The grave faced west ward, and was encompassed by several largo stones generally flat on-one side and convex on the opposite. At its head.stood a massive, insoulptured block of green stone; while three slabs, each about four feet square, and stand ing on their angles, formed a line across it. The earth-itimmediately over the bosoms of the skeletons seemed quite wet, and when pressed or rubbed between the hands tinged them as if they hadl been immersed in blood. It is remarkable that out of several hundred stones dug from the rath not one was found lying all standing upright aid on the angle of their greatest height.-- Dublin Freeman. A .WVDDING TitlP.-A Troy alderman got married the other day, and had rather a thrill ing time on hlis weddiug tour. IHe was two days in getting to Buffalo, on account of the snow; was in the American Hotel, inl that city, wlhen it burned down; and on his way to Chicago vas thrown over an embalkmnient twenty feet high, by a railroad accident badly bruising hlim and his new wife. The couple are now in Chicago, recovering from their in juries and getting courage to try the return trip.-New to rk Sun. Tlie Tiaet says-" Some English engineers hlave just arrived in Paris for the purpose of proposingto the governmentt the construction o a Crystal Palacefor tile Universal Exhibition of 1867. They have brought with them largo, wator-coloir drawings by Sir Joseph I'axt.nl the designer of the l'ilace at Sydenhan.. alnd wlhicli represolt in various aspects 'tne pro jected edifice. 'It'.would be built on thl Trocadero, and the principal dome would he twenty netres higher than theo most lofty oneo known,'namoly, that of Saitt Peter's :5 Rolli. - SMETHOD OF ASCERTAINING THE W\EIGHT OF OATTLE WIILE LIVING.--With a string mea sure the girth behind the shoulder-blades, then measure the length alone tlhe backbone, from the tail to the fore part of the shonlder-blade, Then multiply the girth by the length, ex prossing tli ppoduct in square feet. Then, if the animal mUasurc more thlan five and less than seven feet in girth, allow 231h. for each foot; if more than seven and less tlan nine, allow 31 lb.; if less than five and more than threo, allow 16lb.; if less than three, allow Hllb. This ealculation will give tile weighit of the meat.within a few pounds. Of course, allowance must be made if the cattle tre extra tat or extra poor. SEGYPTrIAN BEE.--In Lower Egypt, where the blowing of flowers is considerably later tllan in the upper districts, the practice of transporting beehives is much followed. The hives are collected from ditffrent villages along the banks, each being marke d and um bored by tlhe proprietors to prevent further mistakes. They are tlien arranged in pyra midical piles upon the boats prepared to re coive tllem. which, floating gradually down the river, and stoppintg it certain stages of their passage, remtaiil tllere a longer or shorter time according to the produce alToided by the surrounding country. In this manner the bee-boats sail for three imntlhs. The bees. having culled the honey of the orange flowers ill the Said, and of the Arabian jasminie aid other flowers in the more northern parts. are brought back to the places from which the'v lad been carried. T his procures for the Egyptians delicious honey nud abundance of beeswax. The proprietoirs in return, pay the boatmenll a recoumcne pro ortioued to :he numnber of llives whsich have teent thus carried about frim one extremity of Egypt to the other. The celebrated traveller Nicehuhr saw upon the Nile between Cairo atnd Damiettt a convoy of .1,000 hives in their transit from Upper Er'ypt to the coast of the Delta. No KNowi.Ertur \WITHOUT WVolK.--Many per sons, ill a scieutilie age, woulld becoltI11 seietitic without the labour of study, and luA;giti:e tlat knowledige smayi be acquired by Soie'l popular method, requfiring 0no mor: itental fatigue or patient rvresarelh than readingt it novel oi perusing a love ditty. Ladies woutl, filtn study st emnistry as they sigh over the last luew novel; whlile thle " sworn horse-e " w?etiders that tile marvels of astalollolll tle liot ,,so mucth adulaptel to hisea acity for knowlcdgt oa are the lhctihrations of the Aitcinl Calendal, or that the petige is mtre intritaite thant th "it'digree of an Eclipse." Affection, like the spring flowers, breakt tlhrough the most frozelln i?round at last : anll the heart whiech setks 1hut for another hbett to raike it hlippv wtill never seek in vain. A youn01t phyici I asetking permission of.4 laýs to kis her, she ielibed: " iNo sir, I nevr like a dioctor's bill stuck in my face." 