THE AUHOKA FLOYD OF HEAL LIFE. A young ititly of 20, Mies Alice Caroline Crosse, the daughter of the parish clergyman at Ockharn, a man ol fortune, has eloped with her father's groom, a youth two years ber junior, who had been ap pointed to attend her when riding. The youth was brought up lately at Wandsworth Police Cutirt, and charged with the abduction ol his young mistree9, who was called into the witness-bos to give her evidence. In answer to the magistrate, Miss Crosee said she was not prepared to say whether che or the young maa made the first advance; she thought they were about equal. It was begun, and carried on, while he used to go out riding with her. Her story of the elopement was told with the greatest candor. " I think," she said, ?'X proposed to leave the house. There had been a great row, and I was unhappy, and I wished to leave. I arranged it. He (the groom) was sent away at a minute's noti e. I saw hita jn the passage when he was leav. iag, and I merely told him to come the night after to my bedroom window. I lit papers in the window, and he came up outside. I think he I was in the Jane. I told him I should go away. I put my things out of the window aad then I got out myself. I scrambled out somehow, as I had no I assistance. I think he helped me a little when I got nearly down.- I think I was slipping down, and he held me. Nothing further took place, except that we walked together to the elation. I did not know where 1 was going, but f thought I was going to London. I proposed walking to Weybridge S'ation. It is a distauce of about five miles and a half along the road. We walked there together. We took a mail trsin to London, and I paid the fore. We went to Waterloo Station, ^jom theuce to a coffee house in the city, where we had some coffee. We went to Doctors' Commons for a license of marriage. He applied for it. We could nnt have it without my father's consent. I did not hear what was said, as I was not present. He told me that afterwards. We came straight to Wandsworth. I proposed Wandsworth, as I thought it would be more convenient. I had often been through Wandsworth. We took lodgings at Mrs Wiggins' from ceeing a card in her window." Mrs Wiggins decribed how tha young people came to her bouse, how she questioned them whether they really were " man and wife," as she thought thpy looked more like brother and sister, and bow she was sure all the time they stayed with her that the lady was " a real lady," The magistrate had no doubt that Miss Crosse gave her consent to the elopement, but doubted whether as a matter of law a young lady under age was competent to give it. He therefore aajourned the case, but admitted the defendant bail, and the poor boy was led out of court by his sureties, the report says, " ia a half-faintiqg and hysterical coalition." Miss Crosse was entitled ' to considerable property, and had proposed to her lover that as soon as she got possession of it they should take a business. On a subsequent day the groom was again brought before the Wandsworth Court. The charge of robbery was given up as untenable. In the interval since the . case was first brought forward, JJiss Crosse stopped - at the houso of Mr ' Inspector Lovelace, for she refused to return home. The pri- 1 eoper yros liberated oa bail, two sureties of £100 I each, and he took lodgings near the residence of the runaway young lady, and spent most of his time in perambulating before the inspector's window. This being rather annoying to Mr Lovelace, he asked Miss Crosse to request the young man to extend his walk somewhere else. She did bo, and he obeyed. Soon afterwards the Rev Mr Crosse \ and his brother paid the self-willed damsel a visit, and induced her to leave the place with them. On the morning to which the examination was ad journed, the prisoner surrendered to his bail in due course. He is short for his age, and rather a supe rior representative of his class, and although nothing in his looks or manners would be judged particu larly attractive, he is what may be termed rather good-looking. Neither the young lady nor any of her friends were present in court, but they were represented by Mr Lewis. Mr Ingham, the macls trate, findingthatthe prosecutor was not present, and that there was no evidence against the prisoner, ordered him to be discharged, and'the money found in nis possession to be restored to him. The prisoner was ^ then about leaving the court, when .Mr Ltwis said lie appeared for the Rev. Mr Crosse, who desired him to say that he withdrew from the prose cution. The young lady was married on the follow ing morning, with her father's consent, to the much ill-used croom, at Wandsworth church. The inci dent was quite a sensation novel in itself. The license had been duly obtained with Mr Crosse's con sent, and the "romantic lovers" were united by the clergyman of the parish. An extraordinary 6Ceno took place. The face becoming known, the people thronged the streets leading to the church. Every window was filled, and many spectators were on the housetops. The church, where the bells pealed mer rily, was crowded to excess. Everywhere the most unmistakable expressions of sympathy were given aB the bride and bridegroom passed along, and they appeared to be the least excited of the many wtio were present. The police had to clear a way through the crowd up to the church, but uotwithstand . ing the _ people pressed so upon the centre of attraction that MiEs Crosse's dress was troddeD upon and torn. Cries of " Well done, George!" and " Hurrah for the Groom!" were frequent. When the ceremony had been concluded, and the couple came from the church door, the enthusiasm of the people appeared to know no boucds. Tiie bride and bride groom proceeded together to a friend's residence, the people cheering along the route, as though a royal progress were being made. At Ienath they reached the house and entered, but the people sur rounding the house filled the whole roadway, and continued to shout and hurrah ! After awhile the windows of the first floor were thrown up, and "Mr." Smith, with his bride appeared. Having bowed to the crowd, he addressed them in a short speech, expressive of his thanks and those of his wife. Tremendous cheers were given as he concluded. It is understood that the pair will travel for a short time. j ^ Tiie DAT after THE WEDDING.-On the morn ing fitter the wedding of Mies Crosse with George Smith, a ballad-singer was placed in the dock of the Wandsworth Police Court, before Mr Dayman, charged with being drunk and causing a crowd to assemble in High street. The police found the pri soner drunk and singing a ballad, and surrounded by a large crowd of persons. He was requested to go away, but refused and said he would be locked up. Inspector Lovelace produced a bundle of papers, and said " These are the kind ol things ho had." Mr Dayman looked over the papers, which were headed " Bloomjng Beauty of Surrey, and her Father's Ser vant Aian." One of the doggrel verses ran as follows*. May thoy both united bo, And livo a happy lifo, May tho pretty, stveet Miss Crosso Be a kind and loving wife. And may she no'cr regret She did at tho altar stand By the side of George Smith, Her father's servant man. Mr Dayman inquired of ttie prisoner where he ob tained the sjn^'s, ttnd he replied at Seven Dials, and that he was not in Wandsworth till past one o'clock in the day. He came down by train. A female was singing with him. Mr Dayman alluded to one part of the song as being coarse, but supposed, however, that it suited the tastes of those persons who bought them. He pointed out to the prisoner that in case of obstruction lie wa9 liable to be taken into custody, and also if drunk. But he.supposed the excitement was now nearly all over. Finally tho prisoner was fined Is. Inspector Lovelace then informed the magistrate that Mr and Mrs Smith were bslow. "What!''said the magistrate, "are they charged?" I^o, rejoined the inspector, laughing. It appeared that the newly married couple had returned the night before to the house of Mr George, which seemed to add to the excitement of the day, for a most die graceful scene was enacted in the High street bv an unruly mob of persons, and the police had great trouble to prevent a complete riot. In the morning Mr and Mrs Smith attended at the station to have the property in the hands of the police formally handed over to them. And so, we hope, ends this very sad burlesque of young romance. Ma JEFFERSON AT TUB ADELPUI -A brilliant and thoroughly legitimate success has been achieved at the Adelpi (which reopened on tho 4th September) by Joseph Jefferson, an American actor, who has gained considerable renown not only in his own country but m Australia. " Rip Van Winkle," the piece in which he made his dcbutt is, of course, founded upon Washington Irving's well known tale' the subject cf which has proved tempting to many dramatists. The present version, by Mr Diou Boucicault, possesses sterling merits, and Mr Jeffer son s impersonation of Rip Jruti Winkle may be pronounced a masterpiece. Uo displayed very large powers of emotional expression, both serious and comic; his acting was characterised throughout by carelul elaboration, consummate artistic detail, and a thoroughly truthlul conception of character em bodied with perfect skill. In tbo first act be deli neated admirably the genial scapecrace, held in comic terror by a shrewish wife, and situations which might have become hazardous if they had been less delicately handled, were divested of all ofL-nce by the pervading refinement of his style. But it was in the third act that he especially shone; his por trayal of the forlorn outcast who awakens from his slumber of twenty years' duration to find that all believe him to be dead, and yet, while scouted us an impostor in his native village, retains a tinge of !>is ancient quiet humor, which finds vent now and thin in spontaneous flashes, was altogether inimitable and there were some points iu this por tion of his performance-such, for example, ss the agonised reluctance with which he asked for tidings of his child, and the silent joy, almost too great to hear, which came upon him when he learned that she was alive, which could not have been surpassed in genuine pathos. Mr Jeffer son waB loudly applauded throughout by the verv crowded audience, and at the end of each act he was called for, and received with hearty acclama tions feuch demonstrations have not always much significance, but we feel satisfied that his triumph will be lasting. He is obviously an artist endowed with rare gifts, aud the fact that the audiences have increased nightly to witness his performance is a significant evidence that the Londou public appreciate his merits. A new piece is in preparation for him, aud if it afford him adequate opportunities for tho display of his powers, we may venture to anticipate lor him a long career of genuine triumphs. Hot as the weather is. and thin as London is, the Adelphi is thronged nightly by an eager and discriminating audience. A MIDNIGHT STEAM-HIDE.-William Steevens, a cleaner of engines on the Bristol and Exeter llail way, was brought before the Taunton police-court for involving the mail train in a perilous situation. His business was to clean an engine called the Busy Bee every evening after the work of the day, and at half-past three on the following morning to light Che fire so that steam could be got up by six o'clock, and the labors of another day commenced. On no account was he to meddle with the machinery or attempt to move the train, ths driver laving on the fire and filling the boiler with a sufHcient quantity of water. The cleaner, however, took a singular freak into his head, and determined to have a midnight ride if possible. Accordingly about midoight he lighted the fire of the engine, got up the steam, and started the engine, he being the only passenger. Up and down the line he tore for two mortal hours, and not exactly knowing how to compress the steam it blew off in all directions, shrieking fearfully, and alarming the inhabitants liv ing near the line of railway. The watch man on one of the bridges was sorely affrighted at seeing an engine teariDg madly along, backwards and forwards, with a solitary white face upon it, and he came to the conclusion, ia the darkness of the night, that either a ghost, or the ISvii One himself, had obtained the mastery over it. In one of ilia ex cursions Steevens was about to enter the main line i I , ,8t0'. aQd Exeter Railway, but he fortunately the nuise of the approach of a night mail from AT'nute or two later and the conse quences would have bsen fearful to contemplate. At to thebiB, ride> be took thc Bnsy Bee back await th! .' a.Dd '87 down by the side of it to await the arrival of the driver. At half-past 'our d!iwn w! Cngl,at'' ,WB3 UQ'DjureJ, owing to lying down* fife certainly was iriffhtnnoH *uo . asserting that when he mm m Mm ?. !.*" 'toad on end «like quill, uZ the iImM bv For this freak he wis sentenced to^ a ^'^1^ sonment, with hard labor. impri . Joseph Bonaparte, Prince of Musignano, has died at Rome. A correspondent of the Indevendn,-,, tiJ . says tnit the Emperor Napoleon, at hl» marriage, thought of making Prince Jo,Pnh Bonaparte his heir, but tbe prince'fj mother was so strongly opposed to the idea that it waB abandoned ouch was Prince Joseph's attachment to his mother that jje never omitted, since her death in 1854 to deposit daily q bouquet of flowerg on her tomb. 'She was a daughter of Jisepb, the ex-King of Spain, and her husband was a son of tbe first Napoleon's other brother Luciea, 