THE STOW MEMORIAL CHURCH. The foundation-stone of a new sanctuary to be erected in memory of the Rev. Thomas Quinton Stow, was laid on Tuesday, February 7, 1865. There are so many sweet and pleasant associations clus tering around the name of Mr. Stow, that without the aid of any memorial church or monumental tablet, it would live for ages yet to come; for his is " One of the few, the immortal names That are not born to die." It is, however, necessary and fitting at times to give prac tical expression to the feelings of the heart; and in rearing the Stow Memorial Church the friends of Mr. Stow are only testifying, tangibly and substantially, the esteem which they entertained towards him during his lifetime, and the reverence and affection which they still feel for the memory of one who was so preminently great, and good, and useful. It may not perhaps be inappropriate to give some few brief particulars of the life of him, whose name is so inti mately connected with the present interesting event. Mr. Stow was born at Hadleigb, in Suffolk, on the 7th day of July, 1801, and must therefore have just passed his 6lst year at the time of his death, which occurred on the 19th of July, 1862\. Nothing or very little is known of him before the age of 17, when he commenced preaching the Gospel. He after wards entered the Missionary College, at Gosport, with a view of studying for and devoting his ;life to the ministry. At this institution he was under the training of Dr. Bogue, an able and experienced theologian. The first church he had under his pastoral care was at Huntingford, in Hertford shire, and he afterwards accepted a charge at Halstead, in Essex, where he had a church and congregation as large as those which used to assemble at Freeman- street. In the year 1837 he was selected by the Colonial Missionary Society to establish the principles of Congregationalism, or rather of religion, in this colony; and he would not have been chosen for the position had not his talents, hia consistency, and his liberal Christian views, have marked him as the man most fitted for the new sphere of labor which had just opened up. He arrived here in October 1837, in the ship Hartley, accompanied by the late Mr. W. Giles and his family. He had brought out with him a tent, whioh he pitched on the Park Lands, and in which he preached his first sermons. Subsequentlyja structure of pine and reeds, which Mr. Stow himself helped to build, was erected on North-terrace, and here for a long time the subject of our sketch imparted religious instruction to a small but devoted band of followers. As years progressed the congregation increased, and the humble little sanctuary on North-terrace became too inadequate for its purposes, Accordingly in the year 1840 the large edifice in Freeman-street was built, and at that time was regarded as a magnificent specimen of colonial architecture. In this place Mr. Stow labored for several years with the greatest zeal and earnestness, and his devoted exertions were rewarded by a numerous and loving flock. At length, however, he was prostrated by illness, and in 1855 the Kev. C. W. Evan arrived in the colony with a view of acting as his co pastor. He did not, though weak and feeble, give up serving the cause of religion, for he gratuitously officiated at Clayton Chapel, Kensington, and at Glenelg, when those places were without a settled pastor. The people at Clayton Chapel and Glenelg could not accept his services without some recognition, and they generously subscribed and pre sented ;Mr. Stow with a most handsome expression of their regard and indebtedness to him. In February, 1862, Mr. Stow, being better in health, left the colony to fulfil a temporary engagement at Pitt-street Chapel, Sydney ; and after fulfilling it he was attacked by an illness more severe than he had previously suffered from. Alarm was soon awakened among his friends, and much anxiety was felt about his recovery. After a lingering affliction, during which feelings of hope and apprehension were alter nately dominant in the breasts of Mr. Stow's numerous acquaintances, Mr. Stow calmly fell asleep on the 19th of July, 1862. In this hurried obituary notice no reference has been made to Mr. Stow's great and successful efforts in rela tion to the abolition of State aid to religion, nor to the libe rality of principle, which actuated him in his conduct towards other denominations; but it is chiefly, perhaps, for these characteristics that his name will be more generally and gratefully remembered. It was originally intended to erect some building of a less seotarian nature than a church for one particular denomina tion—a monument, in fact, towards which people of all creeds could contribute. But many of Mr. Stow's most in timate friends did not think this would be in harmony with his life and character; hence the idea of erecting an elabo rate monument, or national institution, was allowed to lapse, and the proposal to build a Memorial Church met with more general favor. Efforts were then set on foot to collect subscriptions towards the obiect, and the result of these exertions were consummated on Tuesday, by the lay ing of the chief corner-stone. THE LAYING OP THE STONE. The ceremony of laying the stone took place at 3 o'clock, in the afternoon, in the presence of a large concourse of persons, composed of friends connected with nearly if not all the religious bodies in the colony. The Kev. F. W. Cox commenced the engagements by giving out a hymn from the Congregational Hymn Book the first verse of which was as follows " O Thou to whom, in ancient time, The lyre of Hebrew bards was strung, Whom Kings adored in songs sublime, And Prophets praised with glowing tongue." After the hymn had been sung, the Rev. M. H. Hodge read the passages of Scripture contained in 1st Chronicles, xxi., 9,10,15 ; and the 1st Corinthians, iii, 9 17. The Kev. John Graham, of Sydney, then offered an impressive and earnest dedicatory prayer. Mr- Thomas Graves then read the following list of articles deposited in a bottle, hermetically sealed, to be placed in the cavity of the foundation stoneRegister and Advertiser newspapers of that day's date, the Telegraph of the day preceding; copy of the programme of this day's pro ceedings, 15th aunual report of the South Australian Home Missionary Society, report of the proceedings of the 15th yearly meeting, and of the 15th half-yearly meeting of the Congregational Union of South Australia, a copy of Mr. Stow's dedicatory discourse on the opening of Freeman street Chapel, and of his address on laying the foundation stone, copy of Mr. Binney's sermon in aid of Stow Memorial Church, and the following statement printed on parch ment:— "This document Is placed In the foundation stone of an edifice to be erected for the worship of God, and to be called the Stow Memorial Church, in memory of the late Rev. Thomas Quinton Stow, the first pastor of the congre gation, for whose immediate use the building is raised, and •the father and founder of the Congregational Denomination of South Australia. "The stone is laid by Alexander Hay, Esq., on this seventh day of February, 1865, in the twenty-eighth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria; His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly being Governor of the province, the Revs. John Graham, of Sydney, M. H. Hodge, G. Stonehouse, C. W. Evan, and F. W. Cox taking part in the service held on the occasion. "The erection of this place of worship is undertaken by the Church now assembling in Freeman-street Chapel, the Rev. 0. W* Evan being pastor, and Henry Giles, Matthew Goode, Carrington Smedley, and Alexander Hay, Deaoons. " The order and discipline of the Church is Congregational or Independent, as set forth in the Declaration of Faith, Church Order, and Discipline issued by the Congregational Union of England and Wales. "'Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost.' "The Committee under whose supervision the Memorial Church is erected consists of the Rev. C. W. Evan, B. A.; R. D. Hanson, Chief Justice; ThomaB Graves, Treasurer; John Brown, Secretary; John Davis, Horace Dean, Robert Davenport, William Parkin, Thomas Barlow, William Berry. Samuel Davenport, William Hanson, Henry Giles, Matthew Goode, Carrington Smedley, Clement Sabine, Robert Stuckey, Charles Todd, George White, Alexander Hay. "Architect, R. G, Thomas. ' Builders, English and Brown. Mrs. C. W. Evan then, on behalf of the ladies of Freeman street Congregation, presented Mr. A. Hay, who was about to lay the stone, with an elegant silver trowel, with which to perform the ceremonial. On the trowel, which was manufactured by Mr. Davis, the following inscription was engraven Presented to Alexander Hat, Esq., By the Ladies of the Congregation of Freeman-street, On the occasion of the laying of the foundation-stone of the Stow Memorial Church, Adelaide. February 1. 1865. Mr. Hay then performed the ceremonial, and addressed the assembly as follows:—Dear Friends—Engaged as we now are ia laying the foundation-stone of a new building, intended to be used as a place of meeting for the public worship of God, we are not situated as those colonists were who took an active part in laying the foundation-stone and in building Freeman-street Chapel. At that time nearly everything connected with the permanent progress and stability of our colonial institutions was comparatively un tried. In the year 1840 productive industry had scarcely made a beginning. Only very few persons were then en gaged in pastoral pursuits. Farmers had not had time to prove the soil and climate to know if corn could be profit ably produced. Our rich mines had not then been dis covered, our commerce was but small, aB we had little or no Eroduce to export, our manufactories were few, little had een done towards forming educational institutions. Under those circumstances Mr. Stow, and those who acted with him in laying the foundation-stone of Freeman-street Chapel, needed to exercise much faith regarding the success of what was then a great undertaking. I thank our Heavenly Father that they exercised such faith, that they build our chapel, for thereby they have been the instrument of doing much good. I am sure you will agree with me that we are alto gether In a much more encouraging position now. Since then our progress has been gradual and prosperous. During the last 25 years our squatters have prospered, and our flocks and herds have largely increased; our farmers have proved that there are few countries where corn can be grown to greater perfection and more profitably than this; rich mines have been dig covered and profitably worked; our commerce lias largely Increased; educational institutions have grown up amongst us; we have a number of manufactories; and our exports are counted by millions sterling-. Looking at these things we have much to encourage us in the work we have begun of building a new and commodious church that will be somewhat in unison with the improved buildings in the city and surrounding country. God has blessed us as a colony and people. Many from their increased means are enlarging and beautifying their dwellings and places of business ; large and substantial public buildings are being erected; the House of God ought certainly not to be left behind, but should share in the general improvement. In my opinion it ought to be one of the best buildings in the city, I am glad, therefore, the people belonging to the original Congregational Church in Adelaide have determined to build this new sanctuary. I trust the blessing of God may rest on those engaged in this work—that many shall yet come to worship here, and thereby be led to see the evils of sin, and to seek righteousness through Jesus Christ our Saviour. Respecting the name by which this place of worship is to be known—the Stow Church—it is a just tribute to,the memory of one whose name is universally and justly respected throughout this colony, in all the Australian Colonies, and by those to whom he is known in England. In connecting the name of our late respected pastor with this building we are following the example of other Churches, both in Britain and this colony. In Scotland the Presbyterian Church has its Erskine Churches, its Gillespy Churches, and on North Terrace, Adelaide, we have the Chalmers Church—names that those Churches delight to honor. In giving the name of Stow to this Church we are handing down to posterity the name of one whose labours are worthy to be remembered, and whose example is worthy of reimitation. It was well for the Christian Church here that Mr. Stow came so early to this colony. He was the instrument in the hand of God in lay ing the foundation of much that has tended to the prospe rity of the cause of Christ in this country. I had the pleasure of listening to his teaching in the primitive build ing on North-terrace J26 ^years ago. I have often listened to his teaching in our present place of worship, and I am satisfied no man was ever more anxious to do his great Master's jvork, and to huild up the ELingdomjof Christ. Mr. Stow was anjearnest and devoted servant of God. He was ever ready to take an active part in any movement that he be lieved would forward the interests of religion or education. For a number of years after his arrival he labored chiefly amongst the- people in and around Adelaide. When the population increased and extended into the country districts he took an active part in the formation and working of our Home Missionary Society, with the view of extending the preaching of the Gospel to the outer districts of the colony. He was zealous in the cause of the British and Foreign Bible Society. He did not interfere much in politics; but when the politician forgot his mission and sought to meddle with religion Mr. Stow came forward and did good service in retaining to the colony the religious liberty on which it was originally founded. But leaving all his other labours out of sight, and looking at the good be did as a Christian minister, I believe we are fulfilling a duty in associating his name with the Church we are now building. I trust many young ministers will follow the example he has set them of devotedness to the cause of their Great Master. I would only add that I hope our present pastor, Mr. Evan, may long eDjoy health and strength to labour with great success in the church of which we have just laid the foun dation-stone. The Rev. Wm. Brown, Wealeyan Minister, gave out the hymn commencing : — 41 This stone to Thee in faith we lay, We build the temple, Lord, to Thee; Thine eyes be open night and day To guard this house and sanctuary." Two verses having been sung, The Rev. C. W. Evan, pastor of Freeman-street, delivered the subjoined address :— 44 Christian friends—The present hour to us Is a solemn and a joyful one. We are assembled to lay the foundation of a house which we have purposed to build unto the name of the Lord our God, and to invoke His blessing on the work of our hands. Memories of the paBfc, and anticipations of the future, crowd upon our minds. It is now fully a quarter of a century since the first stone of the old sanctuary in Freeman-street was laid. Some who were present on that occasion, having received continued help of God, are here this day; and they will soarcely fail to bring together in their minds the two spectacles, with their material adjuncts and surroundings, and to be impressed and instructed by the contrast. But some, and we imagine no small pro portion of those who witnessed with peculiar interest the proceedings of that day with their revered pastor, who spoke to them words of truth and wisdom happily preserved to us, have passed into a world where there is no more laying of foundations, nor need of4 temples made with hands.' It is a reason for devout satisfaction and thankfulness that the 25 years which have elapsed since that day have so largely fulfilled the hopes which were then indulged and expressed, not only in relation to the particular Christian work in which our friends and fathers were engaged, but also in relation to the general interests of this province, which, at the time, was only in the third year of its existence. And on the present occasion, which has a commemorative as well as a prospective aspect, most fitting is it that we should devoutly praise the God of Heaven for the blessings which he has poured on this land, for the development of its rich material resources, the growth and extension of its com merce, the progress and the general prosperity of its popu lation, the diffusion of knowledge, the advancement of true religion, the hopeful measure of unity and brotherhood that has marked the churches of Christ, and the happy immunity we enjoy from religious imposts and restrictions, which, in other lands, are a source of painful {irritation and estrange ment. Most fitting is it, too, that we should render unto God hearty thanks for all that was achieved by our sainted friend, whose memory is so closely associated with this service, and by men likeminded with him, who so manfully did their part in laying the foundations of the varied interests of this community. We associate Mr. Stow'a name with the edifice which is thus begun, believing the act to be in eveiy way appropriate, in harmony with sacred usage, and pleasing to God. No one acquainted with our principles and practices as a denomination will lay hero worship to our charge, or impute to us any tendency to the adoration of saints. We worship only the one living God, the Saviour of mankind; but we desire, after the example of4 th e churches in Judea,' to glorify God in his servants, and by raising the sacred edifice as a memorial to Mr. Stow, we express our esteem and reverence for his oharacter as that of an eminent servant of Christ, who, in a position peculiarly trying and responsible, firmly and faithfully did his Master's work, and served his generation. We acknow ledge the obligations under which we are laid to his life and teaching, and we seek to transmit his name to our posterity in this land as a name prominently associated with all that was good and true, and sacred to the early history of the colony. With respect to the architecture of the memorial church, it is intended in accordance with the progress of events, the better circumstances of our people, and the improved taste of the times, to present a goodlier form and more attractive feature than its venerable predeoessor in Freeman-street. In this good land into which God hath brought us—a land abounding with materials of wealth—a land of wheat and barley, and vines, and fig trees, and pomegranates—a land of oil, olive, and honey, wherein we eat bread without scarce ness, nor lack anything in it—in this good land, where it may be said of us as a people that our flocks and herds are multi plied, and our silver and gold are multiplied, and all that we have are multiplied-surrounded as we are on every hand by signs of social prosperity and growing wealth, it were humiliating indeed if the house of God stood forth the type of poverty and meanness. It is gratifying to observe the growth of our city and its improved architectural develop ments, and shall we not desire that among our better edifices our sanctuaries may stand forth graceful and comely, a3 well as a prominent witness for those higher interests and purer enjoyments which amid the absorbing pursuits of secularism all are too prone to forget? We think it no sign of degene racy in our Congregational churches that in the matter of architecture they should elect to depart from the enforced simplicity and plainness of their Puritan ancestors. All honor those noble men, who, oppressed and impoverished by unrighteous enactments, raised unto God their humble sanctuary in any bye-lane or alley where they could find an asylum; would we had more of their fidelity to conscience and to Christ. We honor them, but we congratulate our selves, and thank God that the persecuting demon which harassed them has been ohained if not exorcised from the land of our fathers, and devoutly do we trust that its polluted breath may never contaminate the free atmosphere of this land. As C ongregationalists we are no longer very poor, and we are unwilling that mean and unsightly aanctaaries should proclaim our poverty of taste, and a more deplorable deficiency in the grace of liberality. There is a growing, and, as we believe, a healthy desire that the christian sanc tuary should exhibit in its structure and arrangements some worthiness of the purpose to which it Is consecrated. It is our hope and belief that in the building to be erected here, though no shekinal splendour may glow within its walls, things beautiful and glorious, as well as true, will be pre sented to the eye of the soul; and is it not meet that the material should be in some sort of harmony with the splritural, typical and suggestive of those higher and fairer things, and not painfully incongruous with them We sympathise in the opinion expressed by one 'that God may be praised by the spirit of sacrifice and the material beauty and the expressions of thoughts, aims with which our sanotuary buildings may be instinct. It is not my inten tion to follow the practice sometimes observed on occasions like the present of giving a statement of our denominational principles. We have our distinctive tenets and usages, but it is more in harmony with our feelings at this moment to confess and to endeavor more fully to realise our unity with all who love the Lord Jesus Christin sincerity, than to dwell on those minor matters wherein we differ from them. We rejoice that we may claim substantial oneness with all who believe in God the Father, in Jesus Christ the Saviour, and In the Holy Ghost the Comforter. We can point to nooreed as the exact embodiment of our theology. That theology may indeed be found for the most part in the three creeds of the ancient Church, the Apostolic Creed, the Nicene Creed, a* ?,A anasian Creed, and in the thirty-nine articles of the Church of England, but we accept none of these as authoritative. They are interesting to us, but chiefly as ex pressions of opinion on the part of those who framed them4 written indeed for our learning, but not for our law. The declaration of faith issued by the English Congregational Union may fairly set forth the things which wo commonly believe among us, but it is not binding on our consciences, for we have not endorsed It with our hands. We acknow ledge no authority, only the Divine teaching of the Serin, tures, but we do not admit that our theology is therefore vague and uncertain. There prevails among us a substan tial agreement as to the great verities of Christianity an agreement, we venture to ihink, not the less real or marked than exists in other Churohes which think fit to adhere to certain formalities of faith as the authoritative standards. And it is our confident hope that whoever may be spared to witness the completion of this building*, and whoever may worship and teach within its walls, prominence will be given here to those great central verities to which we o we our history and position as a denomination, the everlasting Gospel, the -°/LpSU . alI Vmes and generations, will be preached here m its Divine fullness, and thatin connection withits ministry, and by the power of the Divine Spirit, there shall be builb up within the material structure a perfect house composed of lively stones, and resting on no other foundation than that of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ being the corner stone. And my earnest prayer is that all who witness and participate in the laying of this foundation-stone, and those who shall hereafter assemble in the building, may, through the grace of God, be found resting on the foundation of the Lord, which standeth sure, and be built into that living temple that shall never crumble or decay. Our mate rial sanctuaries, however firmly-founded and strongly-built, are doomed to fall and perish, and in their perishableness they are fitting types of'our ecclesiastical systems. Episcopa lianism however venerable, Presbyterianism however strong, Methodism however mighty, Congregationalism, and the hundred forms of polity, whatever their pretensions, aia temporal and perishable things; but the true Church of God, composed of adherents of all these systems, shall live and abide for ever and ever, for it is founded on the Rock of Ages, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Be it our ambition to be true and worthy members of that glorious Church I But to conclude, as we contemplate the engagements of this hour in their probable issues, we cannot better express our thoughts and emotions than la the earnest and appropriate words used by Mr. Stow when the old sanctuary was begun, • Memorable and auspicioug hour in which we lay the first stone of an edifice tor God, an edifice for the Gospel, an edifice for the Church, an edifice for souls 1 Here shall be proclaimed ' the glorious Gospel of the blessed God.' Here the praises and prayers of the Church shall ascend to God, Here God shall fulfil his condescending promise to be with his assembled people and manifest his glory. Here believers shall receive gracious visitations—* Seasons of refreshing from the Lord,' all chimerical and visionary to the worldling, but all reality, and substance, and glory to those who have seen, and tasted, and handled the word of life. Here the tears of the penitent shall flow—the hard heart shall break and pour forth its deep stream of godly sorrow before the Lord. Here the burthened and agitated con science shall find peace at the sight of the cross. Here many an aching sorrowing spirit shall be made to rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. Here our families shall resort, and be trained for God and for immortality. Here the youth of our city shall imbibe principles which shall be their guard amongst thevile and hateful corruptions of the world. And here the aged Christian shall bend his heavy steps, and his faded eye shall be lighted up with the hopes of that * temple not made with hands eternal in the heavens,' which he is so soon to enter. Though we thus 8peak it is not in the spirit of boasting or self-confidence. We believe in God; we believe also in His Son, Jeaua Christ; we believe in the Holy Ghost. Hence we expect these things; 'The God of Heaven He will prosper us; therefore we His servants will arise and build.'" Oiferings to a considerable sum were then collected and laid on the stone. The Rev. G. Stonehouse, Baptist Minister, next offered a fervent prayer, supplicating the blessing of the Most High on the undertaking. The Rev. J. Graham pronounced the benediction, and the proceedings connected with the laying of the ceremonial stone ended. DESCRIPTON OP THE BUILDING. The site of the Church, of which the foundation stone has now been laid, is situated in Victoria-square, next to the public offices. The Church will be erected in the Gothic style, from the designs of Mr. R. G. Thomas, and the builders are Messrs. English & Brown of this oity. The principal .feature to the entrance front in Victoria-square will be a projecting portico formed of freestone columns sap porting pointed arches, and an open parapet of freestone. Above the portico in the main building will be a four-light window in freestone, with geometrical tracery. Fronting east and west the transepts will have wheel windows wltn tracery of similar description. The total length of the build ing will be 142 feet, and the breadth across the nave 62 feet, and across the transepts 83 feet. Adjoining the eastern transept a tower and spire will rise directly from the ground to a height of 170 feet from the pavement. The foundations of the tower will he 8 feet wide, and formed of concrete made with Portland cement, and the walls of the tower will be nowhere less than four feet thick. The ground storey of the tower will form another principal entrance to the Church and will have a doorway in freestone. The interior of the Church will be divided into nave and aisles by columns sup porting arches and a lofty clerestory, with windows of geometrical pattern, from which the Church will be princi pally lighted. The aisles will be very narrow, as they are merely intended to serve as passages, and will only have occasional sittings placed In them. The columns therefore wlil not form obstructions to the view of the platform. Including the occasional sittings, the Church will accommodate nearly 850 persons on the ground floor. Provision is made in the building for adding to the accommodation by galleries over the entrance lobby, and over the transepts, and over the platform of tha orchestra. These when constructed will extend the accommo dation to over 1,150, but the gallery for the orchestra and organ will be the only one included at present. I he interior of the church will be lofty, the ceiling is of hexagonal shape, and the centre portion win be 43 feet high from the floor. There will be a lofty pointed arch at the end, opposite tha entrance, under which will be a projecting platform for the Minister enclosed with railings, above which are the organ gallery and orchestra. Communioating with the platform, will be three vestries and also spaces for staircases leading to the proposed transept, galleries, and to the organ gallery. The buildings will be entirely constructed of Glen Osmond stone and Glen Ewin freestone, the front portico and tha spire being wholly of freestone, and will be of the most sub stantial and durable character. The present contract, which does not include the upper portion of the tower and spire, is £7,650. [In the evening a crowded public meeting was held in Freeman-street Ohapel (following a public tea meeting). Addresses were delivered by His Honor the Chief Justica (who occupied tha chair), the Rev. C. Evan, the Rev. J. Gardner, Mr. C. Todd, the Rev. John Graham, Mr. R. A. Tarlton, the Rev. J. Maughan, and Mr. G. A. Lloyd, of Sydney. The speeches were reported in the Advertiser of this morning, and will, together with the report of tha laying of the foundation stone, be republished in tha Chronicle of next Saturday.] 