I TOO MUCH MO.\EV. ?The next question is, where shall ebe ?B her holidays V asked Uncle diaries. HVith each of us in turn,' answered ?c John. Better leave Jier entirely to me, Ecrs' qiiotli Uncle Henry. 'My Kislimeul is more 6t for a youna eirl !?4^Hiiiiv of yours, because I am not quite I^S^^fciiriued old bachelor — I do mean to 'toJ^Krv some day — and you can all coine f^^^Kce her as often as you please.' J^j^^Kv uncles seemed inclined to agree to fcjj^Hjrraiigement, when one of the clerks £9H his head iu at tbe door, saying : W^Rrd Coloouey wishes to see you, Mr. 'tei^^MlI four brothers started with astonish ''?.^^?ijc conversation which I have just '^^Htcd took place in my uncle Henry's in^^Eatc office. Scattered about the room Sj^Kwy uncles, bald-headed, Dutch-built, 'ui^^Bdy gentlemen, with heavy watch-chains **^H liivjectiug stomachs ; while I, a j*^Hda- little maiden of thirteen, nestled 'j^Bonc corner of an enormous leathern ^^Hir. I was timid and tearful, for Aunt n^^Hra did not treat me nearly so familiarly tj^Hsbc treated Xerxes, the great Persian *-^B, still she was the only friend I had had «-^H\'i long time. ^H:n came Lord Colooney, a tall old tj^^htlemun with snow-white hair, a hand t*^Hnc colourless face, and a most attractive j^^Kle upon Ms lips. Wlicu he smiled, he .^^?uiuded me of dear papa, aud I loved ^^Hii. I was surprised to see Low my ^^Hcles — especially Uncle Henry — bowed ^^Hoti before him. Uncle Henry made Qj^kk obsequious salams, that I thought he &^BulJ never come up again, and yet I -j^Hcir that he was immensely rich, 'while l^Hrd Colooney was very poor. Presently, jj^Hlcu these polite salutations were con ^^Kdcd, Lord Colooney called me to Mm, ^Hd taking my hands kindly in his own, i^^Ka'd if 1 knew who he was, aud I said : ^?Ves, you are graudpapa.' With this ^?utment ho sccnacd highly pleased, and j^Hvc me a kiss, '^?'i'lie five gentlemen then began to tattle .^Bry earnestly and very lengthily, so that .^Htbomih I understood a good deal that L^^Bcy said, I grew rather weary, and yawned j^Bcc or twice privily behind my hand. j^Hjjdc John noticed this, and said kindly ; ^HYou'i-c getting tired, Louisa. Here, Mr. ^Hurlong, take this young lady out for a ^Halk ; shew her the shops, aud buy her s^Hmcthing to eat.' ^H Jlr. Furlong was a bristly-haired, long i^Hggcd personage, very nervous aud very ^^?wlogetic. He apologised to me for hav ^Kg left his gloves in his greatcoat pocket, ^Hid also on discovering that he had come ^But with his pen behind his ear. I had ^Bro buns and a strawberry-ice at the ^Bastry-cook's, and then he asked me what ^?Jort of shops I would like jto look at. I ^Baid I would sooner go iuto a quiet place, ^Bway from the noise of the carriages. So Sic took me into a delightful little church jBtarcl, with houses all round it. He re jHnaincd so silent, that I thought he hated ?laving to oomo out with, mo, and T asked ^?u'tn why he did not talk. ?J 'It's not my place, miss,' he said ?tiumbly, 'to talk to a young lady like Bvou. I'm only a clerk ' — he pronounced Hlie word as if rhyming to Turk — ' while ?kou arc grand-daughter to a peer of the Bscahn, and heiress to thirty thousand Hpounds.' ?F 'Thirty tliousand pounds! Are you ?sure 1' H 'Positive, miss. The governor sent ?Jxne down to the Commons to look at the ?will.' H ' And who has given me all this money!' B ' Your aunt, Miss Flora Dobbs, miss.' H By this time Mr. Furlong had over ?Lconie his. shyness, and told me what a ?clever woman say aunt ?was, and how she ?spent all her life in the accumulation of ?jhouse-property. B 'Being a child, you only knew her, ?miss, as a lover of cats. But cats was ?merely her relaxation. Leaseholds, copy Bj holds, ground-rents, and carcasses was the ?business of her life; and she doubled her B original capital.' * * * B ' I think, nuss, we had better be retum Bing,' said Mr. Furlong. ',And, oh, Miss ? Fitzadara !' he continued, in a heartfelt ? lone, 'should it ever be in your potver — ? which, doubtless, it will — to 'elp a poor B clerk who has only a 'uuderd a year, and B M aged relative to keep out of that, not to ? mention aa attachment of seven years' ? elaudmg at Oaniberwei), but unable to be ? compassed through porerty on both sides, I I hope, Miss Fitzadam, you won't forget I tlic humble party who now addresses you.' I '1 promise you I will not,' I exclaimed I Warmly. I When we returned to the office, I found I that all my relatives had left except Uiicle I Henry, who was seated alone with Lord I Colooney. I 'Well, Louisa,' said my grandfather, I '? we have settled our business, aud I hope I you will approve of the arrangement. I lour uncles have, in the most generous I disinterested mauuer — I allude especially I to Mr. Henry Dobbs — waived the natural I desire they felt to superintend your edu I cation. They have consented to intrust I liat duty to iny unworthy JBelf. I would | not have ventured to undertake the task, I but for the confidence which I repose in Lady Colooney's prudence and wisdom.' The Dobbses were a money-making family. My great-grandfather, who came op to Londou with a seven-shilling piece and fourpence-halfpenny in his pocket, left ft very pretty fortune to his son. My I grandfather managed this pretty fortune so | cleverly that he enlarged it into what was called a ' plum ' in those days. At his death, his 'plum' was- divided fairly and equitably among four sons and two daughlBre. lly ancles, especially Heury and John, had all increased their original proportions by assiduous industry ; and ?iunt Flora, as I have shewn, followed their example. But my mother, who was the child of my grandfather's old age, seemed to be cast in a different mould. A - year after my grandfather's death, she ; delivered her fortune, together with her : pwn pretty hand, to the unconditional care i «nd keeping of Honourable Adam Fite- ; id&tn;, Captaiu in Her Majesty's — th ; Dragoons, and Lord Colooney's youngest - Son. iJy prudent uncles disapproved of ., 1 we match; and Aunt Flora was very j in ai.irryiug the younger son ot a p.iujici I peer (my respected aunt seems to hnve relished ihis bit of alliteration, for 1 find it repeated seven times iu her corrcs]iond | ence of that period). But what did my mother care ? She was a high-spirited wilful young lady, and she loved Captain Fitzadam's little finger better than the corporal substance of all her brothers aud sisters put together. I don't wonder that she loved my father, for he was a most lovable mat). Aud such a handsome man, too '. Such a noble figure, such beautiful eyes, and such waiving brown hair ! Full of fun and frolic ; and on wet days — which are not uncommon in the west of Irelaud — he would play Puss in-the- corner with mamma and mo, and Norah the nurse, as if he had been only sis years old. But he had some peculiarities. He fancied, as was very natural for a young Irish gentleman, that my mother's sixteen thousand pounds was sixteen thousand a year. So he kept a pack of houuds, and ran horses at the races, and bought a yacht, and entertained his friends royally. Mamma and I often accompanied him on board the yacht, and I used to help to pull up what are called the signal halyards with my little feeble hands. How well I recollect one especial day on Kingstown Pier ! My father, in his straw-hat aud blue jacket, looking every inch a sailor king, wanted my mother to cross over with him to Cardigan Hay. But she declined, because her health was just then a little delicate. So he and two jot'ial bachelor friends went together, and we watched them waving their hats as they hoisted mamma's private flag. We never saw him again. Some said the vessel made too much water, others hinted that there was too much champagne oil board. What ever was the cause, the Norah Creina foundered off the Caernarvonshire coast, aud though everybody else escaped iu the boat, my poor father, who was a most excellent sttimmer, was drowned. I have only a confused recollection of what followed. Our nice house seems to have been transported by some magic in fluence into a back-street in Dublin, the garden had shrunk iato a shabby yard, and mamma did not look so prett)1 as she used to look. She had pule checks and red eyes ; and after my little brother was burn (of course he was called Adam), she stayed ill bed a good deal. We had a great many visitors, but they were mostly disagreeable people, who used to uave long conferences with Norah in the passage, and never cot any further — except one man, a very nice man with a dirty face, who was always iu the kitchen, and who taught me how to malpe garden-nets. He told me his name was Mr. Bailiff. I suspect we were very poor at that time ; but mamma declared that she would not ask her brothers and sister to help her, because they had been so unkind about Captain Fitzadam. At last mauimagrew very ill, and then Aunt Flora came over from England with two pet cats in a basket, Mr. Bailiff went away, aud the dinners became much nicer than they used to be. But mamma had no appetite for the nice dinners ; she got paler and weaker every day, and when little Adam died in teething, she soon followed him. The interval was really longer ; but to my childish recollection, the great black box aud the little black box seem to have been both carried out of the house on the same day. Nobody troubled themselves about me in those days except Aunt Flora, and even she was ouly distauly kind when I came home for the holidays. But when Aunt Flora died, and left me all her property (except five hundred pounds devised for the purpose of founding a llefuge for the Stray Cats of St George's, Bloomsbury), I became quite an important personage. My uncles vied, as I have, shewn, for the honour of entertaining ine ; aud my graud father, who had hitlltrto remained content- ; edly ignorant of my existence, carried me away with him to Paris. Lady Colooney, i his second wife, who had a large family of j her own, received me very graciously, ; which was not surprising ; for, by a private i arrangement with Uncle Henry, the whole ? interest of my thirty thousand pounds was i paid quarterly to my grandfather, and con- \ stituted a very pleasant addition to the : precarious income which he derived from - his heavily-mortgaged property in Con- ? naught. But far greater luck was in store : for me. Withiu a few years, my uucle ] Henry died, without even accomplishing i ilia long-intended marrige, aud left me the ; whole of his fortune — more than two Jiun- j dred and fifty thousand pounds. Uncle John, who during life had always followed his stronger-minded brother's example, '. imitated him by dying a few month's later, - and bequeathing me seventy thousand \ pounds. Thus, a girl who, only a few \ years before, was left a penniless orphan, i found herself, at the age of seventeen, - worth at least three hundred and fifty thousand pounds. . . i I felt rather vexed thau pleased at the I amazing increase of my wealth. Thirty thousand pounds was a very nice sum to -t marry with, but ten times that amount was - a burden and an annoyance. I did not I forget my old acquaintance, Mr. Furlong, ] who had been thrown out of employment - by my uncla Henry's death. 1 should i have liked to have given a thousand pounds (a mere drop out of the ocean of my j riches), just to enable him to marry his Camberwell sweetheart comfortably ; but - Lady Colooney, to whom I mentioned the \ matter, talked so solemnly about the re- i sponsibilities of people of property, de claring that my gift would be the ruin of I a well-conducted and industrious youug man, that I was forced to content myself 1 by recommending him to my uncles Charles i Mid David. They vreie now in partner ship together, and wishing to oblige their powerful ward, made Mr. Furlong their i chief-clerk. \ The Colooneys benefited immensely by f my unproved fortunes. My grandfather, t who used to live hi a poorly-furnished t apartment, who dined, when not invited s elsewhere, at a modest restaurant, and who f had as much ado to keep the second 1 family with which Lady C. presented him - decently attired, now came over to Eng- 1 land, and lived in a style consistent with - his grand-daughter's riches. He took a sumptuous Belgravian mansion, and gave ( grand eutertauitufints. One son entered t the Guards, and another became a gentle- i (it seems funny to ca]l them aunts, for they were girls of my own aj,c) astonished the world by the brilliancy and variety of their toilets. As for myself, I ought to have been very happy, for my grandfather treated mo with the most charming polite ness, Lady Colooney was huuey-swect ; all the family arrangements word »-adc to de pend on my sovereign will and pleasure. But 1 soon began to feel the disadvantages of great wealth ; I became as notorious as if I had committed murder. The newspa pers chronicled iny uinrements in a very special manner. I had a little Court Cir cular all to myself As for begging-letter wiiters, from clergymen wanting Vo build new churches, down to carpenters who had just lost their tool-clicsts in a fire, 1 should have been inundated witL them, had not Lady Coloouey (an admirable manager in this respect) kept them off.. One thing was soon settled, that I was to marry a duke. Unfortunately, there were only six disengaged dukes, and I did not care for any of them. Cut Lady Colooney con vinced me that I must cither marry a man as wealthy as myself, or else a man of the most exalted rank. Any other match, she said, would be degrading to a person in my position. ' Heigh-ho ?' I used to say to myself, when watching some poor milliner or governess tripping along the streets all alone and unprotected, ' who would wish to be rich 1' I am kept under the stiictcst surveillance, aud treated like a superfine ticket-of-leave man. I am weary of perpe tual deference and adulatiou. I should enjoy a good wholesome scolding, such as Norah used to administer. Now. nobody scolds me, aud nobody loves me. I am merely an auimated ' Koh-i-noor ;' some thing which every ouc regards with intense watchfulness and anxiety.' Conceive a youug lady with three hun dred and lifty thousaud pounds in love ! It sounds ridiculous, but it was true. Moreover, it was secret, unreciprocated love. I met him several times in society, ajid I first touk an interest iu him because he talked to me with fraukness and free dom. The young men generally were so tiresomely amiable, or else so shy and diffi dent, I suppose on account of my uulucky wealth, that I could not tolerate them. But Captain Hatcliffe seemed totally in differeut to my bank treasures, and treated me as a young lady whose society he pre ferred fur her own sake. 1 told Lady Colooney this, and that he actually scolded me (I forget what for, bet the sensation was very pleasant). She replied that I little knew the. cunning of the niaeuline heart, aud that Captain llatcliffe's blunt sincerity was far more suspicious than the most fulsome adulatiou. ' But, my child,' says she, 'you must not dream of him for a moment. He is a man of good family, but utterly poor. He has only his staff appuintmeut (worth about four hundred a year) aud his captain's pay, with a pros pect of ten thousand pounds when his mother dies. You might as well think of marrying the hall-porter.' J afterwards regretted that I had displayed my }-encluint so transparently to her acute ladyship, for by some Machiavellian contrivance as I thought at the time), ishe managed that we shojild no longer meet. Wherever we went, to dinner-parties, fetes, or ' drums,' I louked anxiously for my captain's tall figure, but he remained invisible. One day while I was nieditatiug about Captain Katclitfe, and wondering whether, on further acquaintance, he could possibly separate me from my detestable money bags, and love me for my own sake — while I was thus building a day-dream, and sip ping au afternoon cup of tea in compauy with my grandfather' and bis wife, Lord Colooney suddenly set down his tea-cup, uttered a diplomatic h — m, and then ad dressed me in the following alarming lan guage : 'Louisa, my dear; I am growing old, and you are nearly nineteen.' — Two unde niable facts, aud of a sufficiently prosaic character, but to me very terrifying,- for I guessed what v as coining next — 'I should much like, aud so would Lady Colooney, (she was only forty-seven, and did not care to be addressed us grandmamma) ; ' we should much like, my dear, to see you en gaged to soine honourable aud respectable man. You will perhaps hereafter appre ciate much mure than you can at present, the labours and auxieties which we have both nndergonc on your behalf. You are probably scarcely aware of the responsi bilities attaching to the guardianship of a youug person whom Providence has blessed si) bountifully.' ' In fact, my dear Louisa,' interposed Lady Colooney, who began to perceive that her worthy lord was becoming a little prosy, ' many overtures have been made for the honour of yjur hand. We desired to consult your happiness, and that alone, wid we have been compelled to reject them alL' 'Has Captain— Ratcliffe,' I asked, stammering and blushing, 'said anything :o you, Lady Colooney ?' ? ' Certaiuly not, my dear,' answered my jraudfiither's wife almost sternly. 'The )ffers I speak of were from persons of far ligher position ; but at length a proposal jas been made from a quarter which Lord 3olooncy and myself consider uuexception ible.' ' One of the six dukes ?' I naked rather pertly. 'You are right, Louisa,' replied Lady Doloouey, smothering any resentment ivhich she might feel at my manner : ' it b one of the six dukes.' ' I hope not the Duke of Cockermouth, .hat gouty old creature ?' 'No, my love. A most excellent, lighly-priucipled young man — only three ^ears older than yourself.' ' Barustaple ?' ' Yes, the Duke of Bamstaple. He is jot rich ; so that, as Colooney has very wiutedly observed, your wealth will grace ully gild his coronet ; but he has sufficient ;o prevent people from saying that he named for money. You will be a nice, mug, comfortable couple, with, I should ay, about twenty-five thousand a year. £ot a large income for a duke, but au iu :omc which a prudent young mw like Barnstaple will, I am sure, find suffi :ieut.' I could not help smiling to hear Lady Uolooney talk so glibly about twenty-five housaud a year, wheu I remembered that n her Parisian troisieme etagtda.ya, she did u^^y^feety^^jdjrajuscl&uiM;^ucji j a keen bargainer, that the Da7ncs des Hs.Ues fled al her approach. ' Well, Luuisii, what do you think of it,' asked my grandfather. ' I don't know what to thitik of it,' I answered coolly ; ' I suppose I must marry somebody, if I don't wish to ripen into a millionaire old maid ; and, after all, dukes are a very respectable body of men. — But do you think, Lady Colooney,' I added, with some hesitation, ' that the duke cau possibly feel any — any — regard for me I' ' My love,' she said, kissing me affec tionately, and shedding a tear as she did so, which rolled down my neck, and dis concerted me extremely, ' you shall hear ! from his own lips to-morrow ; he is comiug to dine with us.' 1 often used to wonder, as I sat before the glass, while Euphcmia was busy adorn ing me for the evening sacrifice, whether I was really nice-looking. I could uot trust m}' own cjres ; they were sure to be partial, aud I could not get an opinion from any one else. If I questioned Euphemia, she : burst iuto a subdued little lady's-maidish ' laugh, aud beginning : ' Dear me, miss,' j would pour forth n. wishy-washy flood of ! palnable flattery. Now, I think au heiress j has more right to be anxious about her I looks thaw any one else, fur if she is pretty, somebody may possibly forget her bank securities, and fall in love with her beauty ; whereas, if she is a fright, she may be nearly certain that her cash, and her cash only, is the object of the false swain's worship. Of course, 1 was anxious to look well that evening when the duke was coming — I should not be a woman if I had not. Besides, it was to be a most - private fes tival. Nobody but my grandfather, Lady Colooney, myself, aud the future husband. At a large dinner-party, one may escape notice ; but when there are only four people at table, you can, .without any staring or breach of politeness, examine every item of your neighbours' dress, features, and ex pression. Well, the duke arrived, aud we I all stood quietly at the drawing- room win dows admiring the sunset, which, for a London exhibition of the kind, was quite a gorgeous affair ; then at a quarter to nine we sat down to dinner — Lord aud Lady Colooney at the head and foot of the table, and his Grace and myself opposite each other. The old folks jrattled very plea santly to make up for the young folks' silence. I suspect both of us youthful persons were sadly distrail I knew what the duke had come for, ;,nd I wondered whether he suspected that I knew. He was really very nice-looking — about the middle height, with a fair, fresh, open face, aud little downy whiskers just budding on his cheeks. Rather given to blushing, but that, perhaps, was because I sat opposite him. He talked with the utmost natural ness and modesty, and was certainly as pleasant a specimen of a ' bloated aristo crat ' as I have ever encountered. The conversation during dinner was utterly trivial and uninteresting ; but at dessert, Lord Colooney began to speak of the prospects of the forthcoming grouse season in Scotland, ' I've got a letter today,' said the duke, 'that makes me rather despise grouse-shooting, or even deer- stalking. Head that, Colooney.' My grandfather raised his glasses, and read the passage in dicated. ' I had the honour of putting a bullet into the skull of the old lion, while tbe sheik and his followers settled the lioness. I mean to bring the cubs home, and if your Grace will open a menagerie at Dulvcrtou Manor, shall have much plea sure in presenting them to you.' ' Only fancy, Miss Fitzadam !' said the duke; 'this glorious sport is within c week's journey of where we are now sit ting—in the Atlas Mountains. Captain Ratcliffe 's a lucky fellow.' « Is that Captaiu Eatcliffe of the — th regiment J' I asked, colouring. ' Yes. Do you know him ? Capital fellow— splendid shot, and good horseman.' 'We know him very slightly,' inter posed Lady Colooney, who had observed my blushes. We ladies now rose from table, and left the gentlemen to that curt enjoyment of their wine, which is sanctioned by modern habit On reaching the drawing-room, Lady Colooney again kissed my cheek, murmuring as she did so : ' My child, no wonder you feel agitated' (for a girl of nineteen, who was about to encounter a pro posal, I felt remarkably cool) ; ' but I can judge of your sensations by ray own. It will soon be over, Louisa ' (Lady C. spoke as if it was a tooth), ' and everything is arranged. Colooney will slip quietly out of the room ; I shall presently follow ; and I shall give Lipthorpe' (this was the butler) ' the most stringeut orders to admit no one to the drawing-room for twenty mi nutes following. Presently the gentlemen came up sta'rs, and I began to feel really nervous, espe cially when my respected grandfather, muttering an indistinct remark about an important letter on his dressing table, left the room. Her ladyship brought -a vo lume of eighteenth-century caricatures for the Duke to look at, in my company of course, and then she slid almost impercept ibly out ot the room. I did not dare look up, nor did I hear her go, yet I knew tteit she had gou^ and that I and the man who wished to make me his wife were left alone together. X felt so silly and so shy, and was so certain that the Duke must notice .an enormous blush which seemed to spread from my forehead to my shoulders, that 1 kept on sharing at one sketch without uttering a- word. .'You seem struck with that drawing, Miss Fitzadam,' said the Duke. ' No -yes— that is— I beg your Grace's pardon — I was thinking how familiar the hooped dress seems to the eye. It gives the picture quite a modern look.' 'Exactly,' replied his Grace. Then with au altered air, and a flurried tone of voice, he continued, after looking up ftom the sketch book : 'Miss Fitzadam, I perceive that your graudfather and grand mother (I beg yoor pardon, I mean Lady Colooney) happen to be both out of the room. May I take this opportunity to say a few words to you on a subject whichdeeplyconcernsmy future happiuessf' The poor young man delivered this sen tence with wonderful glibness ; I have ro doubt he had learned k by heart, like a maiden-speech for the house ; but after it JllLigaliSJfl2aJB£ffigigg_--f Bhort spaa moiiic (jaculations, of which I cau recol lect very little, for I was myself quite pale, I aud much more frightened than I h.iii cx j pectcd to be. But he said something of this sort : ' Admired you immensely, Miss Fitz ; ndam, the first moment 1 saw you — 'Fraid j'ou think I'm too young — fault I shall mend every year, ha ! ha ! — ought to many — man in my p isition — never seen auy girl — any one, I mean — like so well — if you'll take me, Miss Fitzadam, do all I can to make you a happy wife.' He looked so modest, and yet so manly as he said these words, that my heart was touched, and the tears gathered in my eyes. ' Perhaps he really loves me,' I thought. Then I told him how sudden the proposal had been, and that he must excuse me from saying either ' Yes ' or ' -'o ' at present ; that we must sec more of each other ; and that in a few mouths ' ? The duke evidently took all this to mean ' Yes,' for he interrupted my broken utta-auces by respectfully kissing my baud, aud then (I suppose Lipthorpe gave the signal) my grannfatherreeuteredthe roomiu a most hypocritically-unconcerned Manner, followed by Lady Coloouey, who, as if her whole soul was devoted to prints, ex claimed vivaciously : ' Duke, I've found the second volume of the caricatures !' aud indeed one of Mr. Lipthorpe's myrmidons brought it in ou a tray, aud so ended the proposal scene. Of course the wedding-engagement (for such it became) of two such great person ages as his Grace of Barnstaple and myself soon got mysteriously hinted at in the fashionable newspapers. Months passed away ; Seymour and I (I give his Christian name) saw more of ,each other, aud liked each other better fur the increased acquaiut unce. The season came to an end. Sey mour went to the moors, and my grand father and bis wife accompanied me on a visit to a certain Mrs. Lomax, an old widow lady iu Devonshire. They were rather late risers in that house, aud tbe postman used to arrive before we descended to breakfast. One morning as I was coming down stairs, I was j,surprised to overhear Mrs. Lomax, \vh» was usually a lethargic person, say ing iu an excited tone to one of the ser vants : ' Have you taken the letters to Miss Fitzadam's room 1' ' No, ma'am.' 'Give them to me then — give them -to me ; she must ou no account have them.' What could be the matter ? I entered the breakfast-parlour, and fouud Lady Colooney sitting on the sofa, and sobbing hysterically j while my grandfather stood at the mantel-piece, his face deadly pale, and an open letter in his hand. ' My dear !' exclaimed Mrs. Lomax hurriedly, 'you had better not come in just now. — Take her to her room, do, poor creature,' she said, addressing another old lady, a tall venerable-looking personage, ' while I attend to the Colooneys.' I did uot know the lady — a Mrs. Rat cliffe — who led me gently yet forcibly up stairs, for she was a visitor, who, btiug as early in her habits as Mrs. Lomax was late, had come five-aud-tweaty miles by railway that morning. I was terribly agitated. 'Tell me I beg you, 4nadura,' 1 said as soon as I had reached my room, ' what is the matter.' ' I really do not know replied the visi tor kindly. ' I had scarcely taken off my bonnet when the post arrived, aud Lord and Lady Colooney immediately became so deeply affected.' ' One of their children must be ill or dead. Please inquire for me ; I must know, dear Mrs.' ? ' Ratcliffe,' said the old lady quietly, and left the room. That na;ue sent a thrill through my heart, for which I felt ashamed. I had reason to be ashamed, for the next instant I was thiuking of Seymour. ' Perhaps,' I thought, 'some terrible accident ou tbe moors has ' ? ' It is neither death uor illness,' said Mrs. fiatcline, as she quietly re-entered the room. ' Thank God ! thank God!' I exclaimed. ' But as regards yourself, they tell me it is worse news thau that.' 'Worse than that! What cau be worse than that?' ' Miss Fitzadam, you have two uncles, mercantile men.' ' Yes, uncles Charles and David ; what of them ?' 'Last year they took another partner into their business.' 'Well?' ' My dear young lady, he led them into enormous speculations ; they lost severely, and iu trying to save themselves from fail ure, have misappropriated almost all your property.' 'And is that all, dear Mrs. Ratcliffe? I am so happy ; I ' ? But the excitement was too much for me, and I fainted away. The Duko of Barnstaple (I must cease to call him Seymour) wrote me a very band some honorable letter, saying that no re verse of fortune would induce him to re call his declaration ; but I fancied I could trace iu its sentences a tone of coldness and restraint, so I replied bluntly, that unless he were certain be could love me for my owu sake, we had better break off the engagement. Some third party (a friend of the duke's) then iutervened, aud began a long correspondence with Lady Coloouey. The cud of it was that the notn pact was dissolved, t«.my great content ment But oh ! you can't conceive the buoyancy of my spirits wheu F fouud I was reduced to comfortable poverty ! Wheu the bankrupt's estate was wouud up, I re ceived five thousaud pounds, and perhaps one of these days I shall get a further di vidend, Thea 1 went down to the city iu great state iu a common street-cab, aud called at my uncle.s counting-house. Anxiety and disgrace had turned them into two shruukeu old men. They looked at me as if I had been a ghost 'Uncles Charles aud David,' I said ieartily, ' I have come to thank you.' At thuse words they stared at me with open mouths. ' For losing my fortune. Nature did not intend me for a rich woman. That three hundred aud fifty thousaud pounds was a terrible budrcn. I am now comfort ably poor, aud thoroughly happy.' I believe they thought L was crazy. At last Undo Claries ventured, to speak. ' You recollect that clerk, Louisa, that ' took you to the pastry-cook's six years | ago ?' | ' Of course I do : why, I recommended : him to you.' ! ' Ah ! so you did,' groaned Uncle ] Charles. ' My memory's failing. Well, | that clerk was the cause ofour ruin. He j was what they' call an enterprising man. J We took him fnto partnership, and ' ? j ' He has lauded us in Basinghall- street,' said Uncle David. ' As far as I am concerned,' I said, j ' Sir. Furioug has my full and free forgive- 1 ness. But Jet me ask one question. Did J he ever marry tbe Cambcnvcll lady ?' ' He did, and it was her love of dress and gaiety that first set hiai speculating.' ' How hard it is to do good in this world !' I murmured. To conclude. Uncles Charles and David are on their legs again, doing a small safe business, such as befits two old bachelors of sixty-five. Mr. Furlong is in America. As for myself, I made great friends with Mrs. Eatcliffc, and in the course of our ac quaintance discovered a secret. The secret was, that 1 had made a deep impression on her sou mouths before, but as he did not dare to propose to a millionaire, he deter mined to deaden his grief by slaying lions iu Algeria. You may conceive that what I confided iu return to Mrs. Ratcliffe was cf so encouraging a nature, that after a while Captain Ratcliffe spoke to me him self on the subject ; aud the end of it is that we mean to cast in our lots together, and become one of the happiest couples in Houcymoonshire. 