KEW WESLEYAN CHAPEL MOGNTA MINES. Persons approaching Moonta from. Kadina or Wallaroo on Monday, August *7, could easily diseem, from fclie quantity of bunting floating in the breeze, that it was a gala day there. On arriving at the mines it was evident great prepara tions had been made for laying the foundation stone of the new "Wesleyan Chapel. Adjoining the present chapel a large marquee had been erected for the tea meeting; over this a number of ships flags had been suspended, presenting an animated appearaiice to the place. At half past 1 o'clock the trustees, and a number of friend* assembled at the chapel, and, headed by fch.» Moonta "Mines Brass Band, proceeded to. th» site of the new building. Here an iminens# concourse of people had assembled. It w» , estimated that there could not have been less ihak; from 1000 to 1200 persons present. j, : The proceedings were commenced bv the Rer. C. Colwell giving out a hymn, which Was sung with beautiful effect, after which the Sev. C. T. Newman engaged in prayer. •/. . The Band then performed a piece of sacred music in an excellent manner. . The' Jtev. C- Colwell stated that at- tH# unanimous request , of the trustees, Capt Han cock had consented to perform the ceremony of laying the foundation stone, before which lie ask t% Secretary of the Trust, Mr Thomas Davis; to read a copy of tihe: contents of ihebottle^to^b# placed under the stoue. Mr Davis statedthatthir bottle .contained -a copy of the Wau,ab6o Times; Register and Express newspapers, a preacher'* plan, and a document of whabh; the following 5s copy:—"Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, Moonfe • Mines.—The foundation-stone of this chaj^l'iwapi; laid on the 7th August, 1885, by H. cock, Esq., manager of fee Moonta and Y^tft Mines; being in the 28th year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria. Sir Dominic Daly Governor of Colony. President of the British Conference, the 3lev. George 0^borne, DID;'^ President of the Australasian Conference^ 3£ev. J. S. Waugh; Chairman of the Distrit^, ifi^. ^oi& ^Watsford ; -Ministers; of -flte ^inraii* Colwell, . superintendent, and C. T. _ l^ewinan ;; LeadersinMoonta, 13 in number ;-1 Chanel. 29 in nnniliftr " Capt. .Hancock tiieni placed the. bottle in > canity made for it, and ease and grace of ' a " Master Mason,3' need fiie tav)wel in spreading themprfcar., The Vstone being3jowered, and ib» plummet* applied, lie declared itduiy laid, ia flab'** namepf the FatherySon, and Holy,' The eereniQnv being concluded, lie stood on stone, and expressed lus grata0cati6n at-eeeing 'ifc» many present, which evidenced the interest they. felt in the work* That they Beeded^&.largei; * chapel had Jong -been demonstrated, hut >ipr -a*« considerable period diffienlfcies over which f^hsg^ had no control ^ prevented th§m huflding-, T3ow lie. rejoiced that those dUBgti&teg; \- - 4 % ♦vereome. and he hoped-jB^^^ carried on to a," TOmplelion. "'r • The Band then.placid ^^Kdi-jfexpellent.manner, the " Halleluiah ^loruB/' - : - - The >Bev. €J. Colwell tiben addressed the com . pany, expressing, the pleasure lie felt at being , present, and stated that although sickness had prevented him being present at t^yarious Trustee m^tings/yet 'he took a deep arid lively interest in all their movements. When his colleague had j informed him -of their Hberalify arid enferpris^ it 1 . £lied his lieart -with joyous emotions, - and. hej rejoiced at the favoipable auspices under which the! work was commenced. In such a company as tbte present it was unnecessary for hi™ to give -a ! lengthened expoa&on; of their, doctrine. However the leading truths which would be proclaimed there may be spoken of as the three great It's : jRuined by Sin, Redemption by Jesus Christ, and jEt^eneration by the Holy Ghost. He trusted. that the building would be erected without accident And that God's blessing would crown their labours i The Bev. C. T. Newman informed the .assembly that the trustees invited freewill offefirigs to he | placed on the stone, which' was Responded to by | orer JSl€ being given. j . .filter singing the doxology^ and pronouncing the benediction, the compare, headed; by the Bond, repaired to the chiapelfor tea. On arriving ■theretthe tables were soon filled, and the ladies' energies -called into active exercise. The proceeds for the tea aloiie amounted to the extraordinary «um of £64, the largest amount, we believe, ever received at any tea meeting in_ the colony. As soon as the tables could be cleared, the pablic meeting was commenced in the marquee by pinging and prayer, Captain Hancock presiding. Captain Hancock, on taking the chair, in an -effective speech, detailed the circumstances which led to Siat day's proceedings. He said no one who saw their congregation could for a moment doubt the necessity for increased accommodation. At present the people were packed like herrings in a barreL Some might .ask why the work was not commenced before ? He would reply because they could not possibly do so, inasmuch as it was mineral lease land, ^and the permission of the Government and mine lessees had to be obtained first. In securing this many difficulties had arisen,, and it was mainly through the exertions of their hon. mem ber, Mr J. Hart, that they had succeeded. He rejoiced at the success which had already attended the movement, and admired the liberality of the people. Still much remained to be done, and it was thought advisable at the present, meeting to take the money matters first, and the speeches afterwards. He would now call upon the Rev Mt "Newman to address the meeting. The Sev. Mr Newman stated that he would first .jay before them their financial position. The amount of the present contract was £1062, which was for the building only, and the estimate for intertial fittinga was £300 more. To meet this they had subscriptions promised to the amount of £653. Thus it would be seen that handsome as the jsubscription-list was, a large sum yet remained to.'. Tie cbllected. He hoped that Jjgfore the '■6f8p"-i3» amount would stancl at mm The Chairman said the list was now open, and heiioped theywould speedily respond; this was 4one nobly, and afterwards a collection was made. Mr Jolly, the Treasurer of the Trust, stated that he had recently received the sum of £10 from the Mines'-Union, which was formed during the late strike, but was now broken up. He jvas also informed tfcat the same amount had been given to the other chapels in course of erection. Br Wilkinson next addressed the meeting on ■dioquent terms. He spoke of-the greatness of the work in which they were engaged, of the benefit it would confer, the advantages of Methodism, the zeal and energy which characterized Cornish Methodists, and on the importance of all their efforts being done with the idea of promoting the Bedeemer 8- kingdom. Mr Martin Edwards was next called upon. He •poke of the pleasure he felt in being present, and. referred to the prosperous state of the Church smong them, of the great end of their organization -—the. dissemination of gospel truths. He -wished them every success. . Mr Jolly in responding to the call of the Chair . spm, expressed the joyous emotions which thrilled ids heart at the success of the undertaking, and the prospect of soon having, a commodious house of .grayer in which to worship Grdd, the benefit of v*hich would never fully be known, in this world. Mr [Richards foEowed and spoke of the House . »f G-pd, and its requirements. It was not jieces jMttily a place of great [architectural grandeur, as iter's of Eome, or a Mohammedan mosque, but it was a, pMce where God was worshipped in spirit ,■ .»od in. truth. - This was the house of God, and it i^uwed ak eai^iest iniiMfciy—tliat which would T^ach the heart of man. ^further, the house of '!^d required to he out of debt, and he hoped this vwjuldbe the re with their new chapeL It "was announced that the proceeds of the day's Juices amtaiiited to about £170. Captain Osborne moved, and Mr T. Roberts jteronded, ai vote of thanks io the ladies, and the . JBaad, which was carried with acclamation. „ 'A vote of thanks to the Chairman,. and the bene «liotion bror^ht to a close the largest, and one of Jibes inbst successful meetings, ever held on the Peninsula. We eabjoin a brief description of the building -0 in, the (dear, It is of .''.aid" Trail jbe built of stone, with. and arches, and soofed wifli gal-, vsnized iron. The floor -will have an incline of feet in tke en&e; lengfch. We believe it irffl he the largest chapcl out of Adelaide, it kmng estimated to hold- 750 jjersons. Mr JF, May is. the architect, and Mr S. Bossitor the builder. It will 'be completed in the early part of Novem ber, and lie Be*. W. Taylor is expected to preaeh ^openh^ sermons. 