r,l!')T!lKl:'.S LOVE. ^?i.-Tiji, oldfi;!l')V.', the Tillu is luinc ; wo ^?,,'t Ih'.Ii l'ilVi; l'i:'-t -: 'Jt:t ^ to ''cry thing ^?j'to was my junior in this merry world ^K a ijiKirlci- of an huur, and in spite (if the ^K,n-s!'Jitaliii:is and remonstrances of ]ia H,n?' and friends, I never could understand ^?IV my brother, the handsomest, cleverest, ^Kickii'st fellow that ever breathed, should ^K a* thoroughly 'distanced' iu the race ^B.'jfr, us though it had not been a neek Hd-ncck affair between us. I felt deeply ?,; jt had been by mere good luck that I ^K,| been landed the winner ; and I re Hj.vil i:i it only as enabling me to give up H{ to my darling, my boy Arthur, dear old ^???W.is there anything,' I thought, as I ^?t by (he big bright iiro in the cosy pink ^?nu'ing-rooiii at Chauntlcroy, ' was there Hvlhiiig I would not give up to him i' ^B'lli: was coming, my bright boy brother, H-tlji; joy «f my b'fe, — the best, — the dcar Bt,— ah ! there I skipped. A week earlier ^?tliculd have finished the sentence, but ^?'?y ? Lovely, sweet Helen Slay, I close ^K:;e eyes, and sec that mocking, winning ? ,:ilv, and I yield me, Helen Jfay ! Horace ! grace ! je me rends !' No ^?ircr dearest, oh Arthur ! for there is one Hiv.-, to whom I am devoted body and Hi!;- hers,— hers! Shall I speak to ^?l;!ti! May ? Shall I tell the lovely orphan ^fcvrneM that I am hers ? I said so to ^Br tot night, shall I again 1 and kneeling K her shall I implore her to be my own, By very, very own, my bride, my wife ? ?omnrrow, to-morrow ! H ihrk ! Yes, wheels! Coming crimch K; up the avenue to the great hall door ! Hi like Arthur! instead of coming round H !i;e fci'Ji) door where everyone else walks H without more trouble than the ' lift up Hie latch and come jn ' of the nursery ?»ry! ?'?;? ??' /? H lint here he is — surely more glorious Hjjii ever. So like our mother ! Yes, Bur; lhut he has been duly welcomed, and B standing before the fire, rattling off an Bwjwit of his adventurous railway journey B'lii never made a railway journey that Bits not adventurous), he will, want no Bisv.ci' from me ; so that I ?c:m gaze at Bin silently and happily. Yet — like our RutliiT, yes ! — yet unlike, very unlike ! Her hair, Cur and soft, arid silky, wavy Bra-; her eyes, blue and. fowl,.' but' not How ; cold and gray, they flash' and mock Bk licrs could not ; — but then, Arthur, Ar ^Mr.ir ! never eyes before could brim with BiifJi, iir— God help me 1^—or so beam and Bun- with softest, wildest passion ! B He was very tall, very graceful, — and B;:u!iful ill youthful beauty ! He had Bnmva no care, no disappointment, and his Hi;- face was uufurrowed as hers — my own Bv.-ot Helen ! B ' Home again ! And the eve of good «. Valentine ! By the Lord Harry ! If Half the valentines I ordered ou my way ?lirough town arc sent (and they better had Ho, or I'll know why), and the proper BiilirJs put to each, there will be Cupid to ?enumerate, and no mistake, to-morrow ! ?Vllic-by, can't wo get some to send to ?he little Tracys V H .' Well, we can't get any here, or ? ' ? 'Nonsense, Raymond ! I'll write Hk'in, I'll compose, print, illustrate — any- ?liing you like — to pass the time till Slimier.' I ' The fact is, Tip, wo arc going to dine Bvilh them to-day, so ? ' I ' That's all right ; and did the new go verness turn out as pretty as reported 1' ?i:i(i Tip laughed ; 1 did not like liis laugh, Bior ibiit peculiar expression of his, yet I BLoiiJd not but smile, and I answered, ? ' You shall see, Tip ! And now here's ?Ji'bn with sherry and biscuits, aud then ?we'll dress and drive over.'. ' . I Arthur had been.away from home three ?Months, aud all the change I could detect ?was a sharper contraction of the restless, ?dear-cut upper lip, aud — but that might ?hive been fancy — a sterner set of the uias Bivc lower jaw. ? ;^ ? He went to his room to dress, and I re ?tiirjncil alone. It had ever licon the saine. ? 1'rom tlie moment be left me I yearned to ?we the tender, womanly eyes that recalled ?my molher-rrrto hear the deep, rich voice,' ?'-'- nicladioiis^so caressing. From the ino ?mcutljoretenied I shuddered back into ?-uy»lf froni the pitiless, hard smile on ? tfwsc faultless lips ; from the careless, ? '-?nid suecr iu those . low, soft tones ;—ub, ? -whur, my only pup, my twin brother, my ? --ltar self ! .ri?.- ? ? WLeu we reached the'.Chase, vre found a ? !:i'£c party aasembled. ;My first inquiry ? '?as for Miss May. f.Our^pstess smiled, ?andhcr .inawcr puzzled^&lfe-; I 'T'^7) y°u liavo bili^icirfio well, -that ? 'tliink I anight to prepare you for^rVajr ?|riS(! -v/ don't think it haa been q^Siir, ? A rustliug silence superseding tlio buzz ? « ciiiiversation, I turned and eaw— -rHelen ? fwgoously attired. I Lave sinid.therc was ? a large dinner-party, but tliis, did not ac ? ^nut to merfe-r- the !siglit of that jonng ?fc surmounted by. {Uajnonds, th$ elender tljro.it clasped by abroad band .of the ''no stoues,— armlets, earrings, all all to ''itch, and the dress corresponding' in '?^Smuceiice. ' I was bewildered ; sh6 came 7,^ 'le~ floated up to Ine — leaning on ?W-TjrS ana, and Jayiug one soft im t'oved hand on mine, she took it and mur iflured, . , ,!' fy you w0'*4 spook in me ! Did you \vhko me, then, while I could be pa ''Mscd as the poor governess, Lord l«uuit!cn)y r. J: lidd her hand, I gazed down into Lei .w—saucj', mirtWul eyes ;— was I cruel ^quench their light iu the shadow of my wL5T0W¥ 'I only answered, « I sliaU ^^Pl'y to mal:cypur acquaintance again, ^am- '' ^y character you tnay please to ^mc-' So Artliur introduced us. wone, Eden May,— my love, my love 1 Vi £ v-^4 °^ Prcoedcucc I, Raymond ^ ^Vscount Chauntlcroy, Landed doivn v,'X?T ae1e»i, Countess Dowager of J*kfe. I knew Ler t«U now by ^?atJO^wid I knew also that Arthur I fePC^Ilally acq«iainted with her, as he I ti«. ij e^cTone -worth knowing, from I !!.!„ '^ k^' I»ttmos3 at Alniack's to ? ? newest cotytfiee ^ thp -, ? theatre. fcj*cgasbtt»i3,,f. she was fascinating; for.M I pardon it? She was so used to ! find tiling coulciir -h rose, that she wanted to .see how they looked through the eyes of a dependent ; the Tracy's were expect ing a new governess, and .she had coaxed Hum to let her personate the girl —for fiin ! Ah, prc-tty Count es3, yuu ,-ir; not the Cist woman, by many, who has played for the heart, or lands, or title of Viscount Chauntleroy ! not the first — thank God fur it, — since he has learnt the full value of smooth speeches ; and he, even he, tlic simple country gentleman, the man who knows nothing of the world, knows enough of woman's nature to smile, and shake his head, and Jiniramr some pleasant platitude about ' beauty un adorned.' lJ'or lyhat right had I to feel injured 1 Ought I not rather to rejoice that, now when she had resumed her rightful station, she still made so flattering a difference iu her manner to me 2 Dashing off hand, tormenting to others — with me, retiring, gentle, humble. True, but the charm was powerless, the spell was broken; I was free, for I felt I had been deceived. Granted the deception was a harmless one ; still, she had suffered my attentions — attentions such as might have seemed small iu themselves to au unpractised village maid, but which, mint have spoken volumes to the all-accomplished widow of the London world. Besides, we had stood together — only last night, her fair hand in mine ; she had listened to my tiile of love ; she had even .responded ; was it honest, was it fair (it was «ot kiud), to deceive me 'for fun'? Aud yet I loved her. She devoted herself to Lie throughout the evening with a childlike impertinence mixed with a womanly humility which was irresistible; 3Jut— -I had been de ceived. No. I did not love her. We were at home once more, Arthur and I, alone together. ' lijiyiiioiid, is she perfect 1' I looked up inquiringly. ' Helen, I mean ; Lady Norlhdale ! iShc liad no idea you were a brother of mine when she first met you. What an idea, her passing herself oft' for a governess ! And fancy any one being 'deluded I But there, she is such an actressf— such a con summate little hypocrite ! Little fiend, how she tortures tuc, and yet — yet how I love her !' 'Tip, Tip! O, God!' . I said no more, but this was enough ; his voice, in its simple depth of- truth in Lis last words, was like an echo from niy own heart and had stirred my whole being. ? He saw this. We stood up and grasped hands, looking into each other's eyes. He spoke first. . ' Raymond ! We neither of us know that she loves him ?' I answered, ' I have told my love, Tip.' ' And V ho interrupted eagerly, looking away. ' She neither accepted nor declined ; you saw us together tonight' ' Oh, Raymond ! I too have told my love.' He paused, and now I looked away. He ? continued : ' She listened, Raymond, and she listens; aud I spoke first three months, ago, aud you saw us together to-night I' ' Is she heartless, Tip, or coquette, or worse ¥' Arthur's eyes flashed. ' Heartless, perhaps ; coquette, surely ; worse? Not even you should suggest that!' I bowed and sat down. I remembered what I had thought while waiting my brother's arrival in the pink drawing- room. 'Was there anything that I would not give up to him 1' And now I luicw there was one chance that I could not yield. No. I doubted her, I hated her, but oh, Low I loved her ! Wo separated for the night. I was haunted by the legeul of our fated bouse. An idle tale, a, very turntp-and-tablecloth ghost by daylight, now ; but at midnight a gloomy prophetic legcud of what had been horribly veal in the olden days. I seemed to sec it all. On the morrow I went the first thing to the Chase. I saw her iu ier morning dress again. I thought how I had first seen her, as now, three' weeks since. I thought how ho had first seen her, as last -night, three mouths since. We sat together, aioue. And all my : evening doubt aud hatrod passed away, and I only loved her more than ever. And at parting I raised her fiugcrS'unrcproved to my lips. On my return home I found Artliur at breakfast with that liard look, which with him replaced sadncssJ .He Lad seen more of the world than I had I 'Tip, listen to . mei you are the younger : you try first, you kupw.what I nieau ! . If you foil, .Oieni bnt you won't fail. '? Go'4own at once to the Chase.' .: He lobEed at me.' ; 'You Lave been there already, Kaymoud !' It was not Uie; words, ij; was the tone that made uiy blood boiL Who was he, that I should yield the first chance to him? My younger brother! ' My— yes ! my younger twin brother ; and I shuddered and turned away to hide the anger I could not repress. I would 'not quarrel witt my brother! When I looked up he was peering at me sternly ; but the instant our eyes wet, be sprang to inc, threw liis anus round my ueck iu the old school-boy fashion. ' Dear old Raymond ! noble, generous ! Bat I suppose, you know, you don't care much for her — you can't Iniow, or you wouldn't—By God ! / wouldn't give her up to any mau ! No, not even you, dear, generous, old ttiymond ; but then I love her so !' And lie gazed at me with bis rare, frank, loving gaze that had ever been dearer to me than woman's looks, until, until— Oh, Helen May ! * * * * * So far my brother's narration, of which I fonnd the rough M.S. in his desk when I was looking over liis papers the other day. Poor Raymond ! What nn enthusiast ho was! He nobly fulfilled his own wonderful staudard. The sentence with which he began this story be more than carried out, nay, I wiU ^J. ^^^^ ont 5 for I believe he still exists, a self-exiled wanderer in strange lands. Helen and 1 live at ChaunUeroy, and our eldest boy is named after him. A. V. P S My husband has just brought in a renort'of Lord Cbanntlcroy's death some remember bis dark, liandsoinc grave face, — I I E'iinciii'.ies think of ? ::' * 11. Y. i Extract from the note which accuui- | panii'd the above M.S. I ' We were rummaging in an old trunk to find materials for dressing up (you i know Lady Chauntleroy is great at charade ( parties), and I fuuud this Ktcry. I easily j persuaded her to let me have it. I send it tn you, knowing you have a fancy for such quaint scraps.' Keader ! I have only altered the namef. Vjehe Haldank — Once a Week. 