Bill proposed by the Victorian Ministry for ihe reform of the Upper House has been rejected by that branch of the Legislature. This is a matter which may occasion regret in some quarters, but can scarcely create surprise in the minds of those who have given much consideration to the proposed changes, and the character of the Chamber by whose assistance it was expected that those changes would be carried. We have always thought, from the first publication of the Draft Bill, that the changes proposed by Mr HERVEY'S Bill were too large and too fundamental to pass the ordeal of the House they were designed to revolutionise. Not satisfied with a reduction of the qualification of both members and electors by one half, the Ministerial measure propjsed to extend the electoral basis of the Upper House by including £50 leaseholders and householders, thereby destroying at once the distinguishing characteristic of the second chamber ; namely its direct representation of freehold property. But we do not notice that the bill was opposed on this ground. Some speakers against the desired reform would seem to have been willing to concede the point of the reduction of qualification of both members and electors. But beyond that they were not prepared to go. The Bill reduces the tenure of seats from ten years to five. This would appear to have been the most objectionable feature with most of its opponents. The Bill evidently went too far in one direction and not far enough in another. Mr HERVEY himself, the promoter of the Bill on behalf of the ministry, found fault with the measure for not providing for an increase of the number of members, or for a subdivision of the provinces. The only substantial ground, as it seems to us, urged in favor of the Bill was the tact that a depredation of the value of property bad taken plane since the passing of the Oouatjtution Act to tin extent <tf folly 50 peri cent and that property qualifications of £2500 and £50 for members and electors respectively, were quite equal today, to property qualifications of £5000 and £100 in 1854. The argument that it was desirable to harmonise the Council with the Assembly vras but feebly urged by the supporters of the measure, and-was scouted as untenable by its opponents. Mr HEEVEY referred to this constitution of tlie Upper House in Tasmania and South Australia with very little effect upon the speakers against the Bill. It i« noticeable, however, that the division list shows that most of the recently elected members voted for the proposed reform, while the oldest members and wealthy colonists most intimately identified with. the real property interests of the Colony, recorded their votes against the Government measure. The Council was equally divided, 'fourteen members voting on each side. But probably six at least of the "contents"—for they use the House of Lords style in Victoria—would have limited the reform in committee to a simple reduction of the electors' franchise and members' qualification. But the majority of the " non-contents" were opposed, on principle, to any modification of the existing constitution of the Legislative Council. The President voted for the Bill, but his vote failed to secure the "absolute majority" required hy the Constitution Act for any fundamental change in the Constitution. Perhaps one very strong reason for opposition to the measure, was the violent aud unjustifiable language recently used at election meetings by Mr HIGINBOTHAM, the Attorney- General, and Mr MCCCXLOCR, the Chief Secretary. The ATTOBNEY-GENEEAL had spoken of the "conglomerate wealthy lower class" of Victoria, an expression, not altogether destitute of truthful force, but which seems to have given grave offence to their high mightinesses the members of the Upper House. Mr HIGINBOTHAM, however, had brought a very serious accusation against the second chamber in language which sounds very strangely from the mouth of a Minister of the Crown, The Government, he had said, " proposed to submit to Parliament a measure of reform of the Legislative Council itself, and I believe that reform is much needed. The Legislative Council is at present a dangerous element in the Government of this country. '-The Legislative Council," said the same Minister, " at this moment I believe to be a permanent obstruction to wise legislation, and it is certainly a standing menace to all Governments. There is, (he went on to say,) a crafty design which aims at the aggrandisement of a few by the monopoly of the public property, of aggrandisement by a monopoly of political power, and of the exclusion of the mass of the people from political privileges. Well gentlemen, the Legislative Council, I am sorry to say, represents tlu3 body in the community." This language is we think, altogether inexcusable in such a quarter. It is certainly unfair to make these accusations against the Council, which has acquiesced in all the constitutional changes in the House of Assembly—including manhood suffrage, increase of members from sixty to seventy-eight, and reduction of the duration of Parliaments from five years to three. The House which has consented to this legislation cannot be rightly chargeablc with being anxious to " exclude the people from all political privileges."—The CHIEF SECRETARY had also spoken in depreciatory terms of the Council; had gone so far as to say that " a last appeal would be made to the honor and good faith of that Chamber." This was in reference to the Land Bill, and was immediately followed by an impolitic, if not indecent, menace of re'orm ; " the time," said Mr MCCULLOCH, "had arrived when the constitution of the Legislative Council must be considered, with a view to its amendment and adaptation to the altered circumstances of the Colony." It was not to be expected that this language would be unremembered when the proposed reform bill was submitted to tlie Council; aud accordingly we find the passages we have extracted from the election speeches of Mr HIGINGBO TITAM and Mr MCCULLOCH quoted against them in the debate by Mr HULL and Mr SLADKN. The speech made on this occasion by the last named gentleman is, perhaps, the most deserving of attention of any in the debate. He urged the expediency and necessity of maintaining the Upper House as it was. " The duty, he said, of the Council was to conserve—to give way to popular clamour would merely be officiousness of the most vicious character. Accepting the present propositions would be paving the way for future alterations, which would deprive the Council of ite distinctive character, and reduce it to the mere ghost of the lower chamber, even if it were allowed an existence at all. The experience of all countries was that if institutions were once popularised, the lost ground could never be recovered, and experience liod already proved the same thing here. On all these grounds he urged lion, members to be firm and determined in resisting reforms for which no reasons were adduced, and which would be most pernicious in their effects to the perma nent interests of the Colony." We may congratulate ourselves upon the circumstance that the relations of our second chamber with the Lower House and with public opinion have not warranted the suspicion of a necessity for any such reforms as have been thonght requisite in Victoria. We may remark, however, that but for the unhappy introduction of manhood suffrage there would probably have been no desire for such an alteration of the constitution of the Upper House in Victoria. And it seems equally certain that but for the admission of manhood suffrage into the political institutions of Victoria, the members of the Council would not have insisted so tenaciously upon the retention of their "distinctive character." For the present the proposed change in the constitution of the Victorian Second Chamber is got rid of. It speaks well for the Council that it has since consented to read the Ministerial Land Bill second time, Representative institutions are now upon their trial throughout the whole of the Australian Colonies, and it is imposible to view with indifference the efforts of Colonial Legislatures to improve their political organisations. We are fortunate in being able, as spectators, to view these questions treated elsewhere for our instruction and example. At present, at any mte, the intern^ economy <rf tlw Colony, mi the amelioration of its material condition,! afford ample scope for the policy of our statesmen, and the deliberations of our Parliament. 