"WiiiggTjIkg and : " struggling ; for ex-1 isten ee." , wrestling with tie i'also position tin.., ivhicli . they, have jnmmed themselves, the M'Collocu Ministry is really an. object of .contemptuous com- miseration! to every, right-thinking mnn!1 Foiled in' their ' negotiations witli tlio banks forlio. lpiriporary 'Accommodation, that would feiiere them .in.tlieir, present dillieultie v'and; cmiscioiis tliat 'Itlieif .sup- porters in the"Asscmhly will not permit them to retrace their, steps they are de termined to- make one other pesperate Ibrow of ;tlie dicein'thp hopo Uidt it may pablo thwn'.' to make! good' thdir escape from the frightful predicament into which they have forced themselves. The expiry of the contract with the six banks on the 9th inst., tliey think, ofTers another chance of devising a means of cscupe. It is said tliey mean to withdraw the Government account from these banks, and transfer tlio cntiro receipts of the revenue to the London Chartered Bank, of which the Chief Secretary is n director, nnd which, alone of all the six contract ing banks, has shown its readiness to com ply with tlio demand of tlio Treasurer lor the unauthorized and unconstitutional disbursement in their favour of the Government moneys deposited in that institution. They purpose in the mean time to cxlinust the Government deposits which are in the other five bnnks by payments made on account of "tlio fixed appropriations," which are already provided for by various Acts of Par liament, and which are never included in tlio ordinary Appropriation Act of the year, by reason of their being thus nlrcady permanently appropriated by these other acts. The sums which are in this man ner excluded from the opcrution of tbo ordinary Appropriation Act of each year, reach a very considerable amount. They arc in fact not much less as a whole than tho amount of the or dinary votes of the year and which form tho subject of tho usual Appropriation Act. In the abstract of the estimated expenditure of tlio colony for the year 1805, which was submitted to the Assem bly by Mr. Vhjidon at the commence ment of the present year, the entire amount reached tho sum of L3,1<1G,U73. Of this, L2, 013, 171, composed of the votes of the Committee of Supply, form the subjcct-mallcr of the re gular annual Appropriation Act for tlio present year. This is the sum, which it is not in the power of tho Ministry legally to disburso without the authority of the usual Appropriation Act, which lias not yet been pnsscd. And it is also the amount towards the expenditure of which tho Ministry sought, and ineficc- tually, the accommodation from the six banks in their recent negotiations with theso establishments. The amount, on tho other bund, which is permanently appropriated by other Acts of Parlia- linment, and which, therefore, tliey can disburso without the authority of an annual Appropriation Act, reaches the sum of LI, 133, 502, or more than one- half of the amount of the expenditure that is annually voted by Parliament nnd that is comprised within the limits of the usual yearly Act of Appropriation. Mr. M'Cui.i.ocn and his collcaguos will there fore have no difficulty in readily exhaust ing the funds deposited in the five recu sant banks by disbursements on account of these " permanent appropriations." It may be as well to mention how theso " permanent appropriations" arise. Under tho Constitution Act, tho fol lowing outlay is permanently provided for, viz. : — Salaries of the Governor and ,. Staff, of . the Supreme Court Judges and tho Master-in-Eguity, and of the members of tho Ministry, officers' salnrics and expenses for tho Executive nnd Legislative Councils, pension to re tired Judge of tho Supreme Court, pen sions to officers superseded by tho opera tion of the Constitution Act, pensions to retired Ministers of tho Crown, and public worship. Under these several heads, the "permanent appropriations" amount to the sum of L97.S00. . Tho balance of tho LI, 133, 502 already mentioned is disbursed under various other Acts of the Legisla ture, such as the University Act, the Acts relating to the Liquidation of Corporation Bonds, to- thc!Watcr and Sewerage. De bentures, to the Mount Alexander Rail way Debenture, to Mining Boards, to the Railway Loan,_ to the Commissioners of Audit, to Immigration, to the Endowment of lload Districts ' and of Boroughs, to Foreign Mails and to Charitable Institu tions. Tlio Ministry have thus carte blanche to a very considerable extent for an o»tonsivo haul upon tho Government funds in the custody of the five non- compliant banks ; aiid they, mean to use it for the purpose of carrying out their design of punishing those institutions for their refusal to lend themselves, contrary to law, to tho revolutionary tactics of Messrs. M'Cut.locii and Co., by advancing funds without the proper authorisation of a legally executed warrant issued under the signature of the Audit Commissioners and the Governor. But how they are to get over | the difficulty which , still Btands in their way of their paying the customary salaries, wages, and ordinary expenses included in the usual Appropriation Act, still ji'emains an enigma,' though rumour with its thousand tongues .is very busy in suggesting all sorts of impracticable expedients. There is no possibility of discharging these liabilities, but in tho one.- legal way of obtnining;the authority of the regular Appropriation Act of the year.! And this legitimate way, Messrs. M'Cui,T.ocn, and colleagues are" too obstinately bent on persistence in wrong to take t he necessary steps to provide them selves with., They will, if public opinion permit' tliem, bring tho country to tho yergo.of revolution, rather than have the courage to confess their blunder and make' an effort, even at the eleventh hour, to repair it. Such madness, is utterly in comprehensible. Eor. what purpose is it that the Ministry .of Mr. M'Culiocii persists in this despe rate course ? They designedly and. with ".'malico prepense" reduce ' the Govern ment of the country to thebrink of insol vency! They disorganise' the public service. They try to violate! the laws which ! control aii'd. regulate . the public incomo and expenditure. They attempt ,to revolutionise the monetary affairs of tho S.tate; They set a vicious example of seeking to break the law in matters- which nro always lield sncred in hvery constitu- tibnai i-ountry, namely, the arrangements which control public officers in tho hand-, ling of public money. They outrago all the feelings of trust and confidence which are. the', foundation1 of all honest reputation in those who have to deal, with the funds .of the | State. They abuse and degrade their own exalted position as Ministers of; tlioj ! Crown. They: disgust .public opinioniand shock every well-meaning nnd : hphest-iiiihded jnau in tho- community. They sully, the honest reputation -.of ' tho country, . 'and make tuis heretofore flourishing; prosperous and sblvcntBritish .colony tho reproach y'and scandal of all- the world,— and till for what? Is it that tlioy, a; Ministry -of professing, ,,Erec2 traders, may pass what is .prof ended to he a, Protectionist tariff ? ' Vfith'oiit dwell ing upon the scandal of men who advo- cate .Fr'eo.trade doctrines lending ;llicm- selvesj-for the sake of place and pay,' ;to. pass 'into law a measure, which- rightly 'or wronglyl is accepted -as a' Protcctionist; bill, their conduct is. calculated' only to defeat tho legislative object they pretend to have in view in .this .matter.. If their purpose was to' render a ' Protectionist policy too distasteful to tlip' public. to. give it a cliaiico'bf success, tliey could not have taken more efficacious - means to- .wards that-end, tliamthoy havo in this outrageous, tampering with tho principles of " constitutional: Government for 1 the sake ._ of 1 their- illogilimiito Protectionist buntling.. Is it,' 'again, that ' thoy want to f'oreo, per ' -ant " itcfas', a reform, of. the : Legislative .- Council ? . How better''., could — they — defcv.t " the" pros"-' pccts of 'sucli' reform ' than - by the unprecedented misconduct of which they have been guilty? Is not every wrong step they have taken of late only a further obstacle in the way of such re form ? "Will the j' not inakc tho very nnmo of such reforms as are heralded by thoso attempted violations of the Constitu tion wherewith tliey liavo prefaced them, a thing hateful in the estimation of every man of moderation in tho community ? And will not the rise of such feelings in the public mind only tend to delay inde finitely the advent of reforms, which however good in themselves, will be but retarded or prevented altogether in con sequence of the associations with which they have bccomo identified through the misconduct of tho M'Cnr.Loctt Ministry? Certainly a more monstrous and anoma lous condition of tilings was never yet witnessed in any constitutional country, than that which now mukos Victoria a spcctnclo of derision to all the Australian colonies. And tho worst of it is wo are thus gibbeted to tho scorn of tho world, for no ono rational or desirable purpose whatever. How long will the public patience enduro tho humiliatiug sight — how long ? VTnr.x Mr. On.v Gammon had swallowed tho fatal dose, which wns his form of re signation — his mode of giving up a career of hypocrisy and false pretension and conscious failure — wo are told that, in 0110 moment of horrible revulsion, "he would havo given the universe, to undo the dreadful act." And so, poor Mr. Vali: ! Ho sooner has ho parted with tho irrevocable letter ; no sooner has he faced, in reality, tho fearful gulf of politi cal oblivion ; no sooner has lie lienrd tho awful sounds — the "hissings -dire" — and seen tho visions of contempt and scorn that await him in tho Pandemonium which ho lias entered by his own act, than his heart fails him. Ho now discovers, when too late, by what a mere accident or fluke ho found his wny into the Legis lative Assembly ; everybody wondering, as at " the flies in amber," " how the devil they got there." lie feels how painful and suffocating it must bo "to lie in cold obstruction and to rot." He gnsps nnd writhes and clutches at tho very hope of resuscitation, and he would give all the little that lie ever had, of consistency or common senso or parochial respectability, to get back again into the seat which he has so rashly and so hope lessly vacated. IIo turns to the electors of !\Vest Ballaarat — the forlorn and guilty ghost of a representative, among living- men — and appeals to them in such thin and winning tones as the lost alone could utter. Liko Divks, lie has a few brethren in tho Legislature and the Ministry, congenial souls, whom he would wish to benefit. But there is a great gulf now yawning between hiih and Parliament. The case is hopeless, either for himself or a friendly emissary, and all wo can do now is to sit down on the verge of tile pit, along with the elec tors of West Balliiarnt, and listen to the pleadings and lamentations of the unhappy mnn. The first meeting, at which Mr. Vale attempted the desperate task of explaining and justifying his conduct to his Into con stituents, came off on, Friday evening.' Tho report in tlio Ballaarat Star is full, nnd we are told, very accurate., It may bo regarded, therefore,, as ..the. outcome .and revelation of all that ho.has to say, prohipted, of course, by his friends in and out ol tho Ministry — not merely as to his own unimportant self, hut as to this great crisis in our affairs, and "on the occasion when ho lias been made the cat's-paw and the mouth-piece of the Govern ment, to do nnd to say what tliey have not; sufficient courage for, themselves. As ;a mere speech, considered either from tho teetotal platform or stump oratory point of view, it is beneath con tempt ; and, if this bo a fairrepresenta- ,tionof 'tlie intellect' of West Ballaarat, wo should say that they were as much beloiv the i " purloins" of Melbourne as they afi'ect,_ and nro believed to - be, beyond tliem in wealth and enterprise. But it is not such a fair representation. Ballaarat, however, and not Mr. Yale, is put upon its trial ; and, with Ballaarat, the credit of our political institutions. To follow Mr. Vale through tho details of this speech; would be n waste of time j. but taken as a quasi -ministerial manifesto, which might have been spoken by some of tliem, with more liveliness and no less affectation of candour. nnd honesty, it must| command some brief attention ; such attention as wo are obliged to pay to' the culprit, when ho ventures on an explana tion, of which, at the samo time, wc do not believe one syllable ; ' Tho first point wo gather from : ,Mr. V ale's opening — and it is complimentary to the peoplo of Bnllnnrat— is that he believes " a largo number of his political supporters are. viewing bis conduct" witli' some 'measure of roxarion.''. - Hb evidently thinks that somo of. them 'will be an noyed, at losing so distinguished n: states man 'as their member, and .getting Mr. SEitvicE in his place. He vnpoiirs about "astern conviction of duty,". and regrets that j" bo will -: probably find himself at cross purposes ;, with those, gentlemen who'haye been his supporters;" Of course ho will ; and, more particularly, at the polling-booths. But, omitting all tho mere rigmarole; what is tho substonco'of .Mr. '"Vale's apology ? What- is the mean ing' and -tendency of all this, confusipn, into which tho 'Ministry have thrown the country ? And, supposing ' tliat they .should ho successful and triumphant, -in the solution of this dead-lock, what prac tical good is to come' buifiof it? What- will -the people permanently gain by it ? And how will it substantially and.pcrma- hcritlyj affect tho democratic ' portion of our Constitution,, of, which :wo ourselves' aro -tlio determined advocates nn'd: sup-' porters; much more. so, -in reality/than Mr. Vale, or the hypocritical aristocrats and Tories in the Ministry ? . These, and tho like, aro tho questions, that wo wish to' sec driven home to Mr. Vale,' and to' the dishonest renegade poli ticians jvho.'nre pulling.tlic' strings behind him. . Tliese are questions that have never: been properly. put yet; nnd the impossi bility jof answering tliem, on' the "hypo thesis ;of Mr". Vale" and tlio -Ministry, .is", at once! conclusive ; and destructive to, all, their bombast and!'false pretences.! Mr. Vale piokcs./ n loud ' "protest'.' against " going! inJfor revolution; or anything 'revolutionary." This is nicrcly Pecksiiif- "fian". FoiL_what-.really- -great - thing was ever brought about in. this world, without : revblutibn _ or something - revolutionary ? And wo have no objeetion-to it, if wo find that it jis the, only., means - ,of . solving a difficulty, or' repealing - an - injustice, brought about' "by, ' the villainy and chicanery of mcii in power; nnd for -which wo seo no other remedy. But, Oai bmo? .'For . whoso benefit are pro, to, shed. oar blood .on treasure, -or- ut least-to- waste' our time' and -industry, in' everlasting squab bling ? IWo inu'st know for whom nnd for what wo are fighting. Suppose wo aro victorious. I "What then ? And suppose it should turn out, after all, that tlio whole contest is a hollow and- disgusting sham — a„ inerp J cross, between tho gambling 'speculators-T-a thieves' fight, extemporised by tho' pickpockets — and that one "only possible result, of ci tlmr defeat or victory, is to Keep theso - men ' in ' office as long . as jthb struggle lasts. Should wo hot be-,a!mong the silliost and. basest of mankind, if wo lent ourselves to such a mockery ? And worse than a mockery, if the cil'cct were found to be not merely to pay these men a salary a little longer, but to pay them, with the effect of re tarding, and rendering all but impossible, thoso very reforms which Mr. Vale, and his wire-pullers in the Ministry, pretend to be so anxious about. Suppose the Legislative "Council coerced and racked into submission, on this one question of the tariff. What then? Would such a tariff givo an additional meal to one tinker's dog, or to any ono but the Ministers and their whipper-in, in all Victoria ? Would it reform tho Legis lative .Council itself, nnd for other pur- poscs'bcsides money bills ? On the con trary, arc not Mr. Vale and tho Ministers playing tho very game of tho Legislative Council, by forcing them into this position, in which, every day, thoy aro growing stronger nnd more respectable, and ac quiring, as if they themselves had earned it, a reputation for patriotism ? — a tiling which tlioy cannot avoid, so long as they stand still, liko buttresses or bulwarks, from being simply immovable. _ Wo tell Mr, Male this, — that ho and his friends aro tho worst enemies of reform nnd progress, nnd of the truo democratic interest ; and that, so long as this Ministerial farce of The Crisis, is plnyod, tlio Minister of Justice may do a good stage business, like Gbimaldi, by stuffing his pockets with that everlasting sausage, which he first produced, on tho Free-trado dodge, fivoycars ago; and tho rest of his colleagues may only bo too thankful in devouring it; But, in tho meantime, there nro two things which they aro postponing indefinitely, — the reform of tho Legislative Council, and a fair trial to tlio great . question, of how far and in what way wo can givo pro tection and encouragement to nativo industry. If thoso two groat questions aro of less censcquenco than the keeping tlio Minis try in office n little longer, for their own sakes, then let us come to an understand ing, and seo whether we cannot compound with them — if it would not be criminal to do so— and buy them out, at a cheaper rate than the destruction of the Constitu tion and the ruin of tho colony. Mr. Vale , promises that, next year, he. will tack the payment ' of members to tbe Appropriation Act.. Hope told a jlatterinrj tale ; but perhaps that indiscreet an nouncement may .now spoil tho little game. Wo might, however, all agree to discount the vote, for even ono year ; and that would cnablo .us to solvo tho dead-lock, by discharging and paying oil' tho Government, on, terms which they thomselvcs refuse, to the oldest und most faithful servants of the State". The election of tlic honorary medical staff to tho Melbourne Hospital will tako place todoy, in the lioard-roora. Sir J. F. Palmer, 'the chairman of the committee, will preside, and the poll will be'hept open until 4 o'clock. Contributors by donation or annual subscription are idonc entitled to vote. . No an nual contributor is entitled to vote until all ar rears arc paid. New contributors by annual subscriptions which liuve been paid Bince the 5th of June, 18S5, are not entitled to vote. Contri butors by a donation of L20 are entitled to 1 vote ; of 1.100, to" two votes ; of TvtOO, to three votes ; contributors by annual subscription of LI are entitled to one vote ; of L5,'to two votes j. of L10, to three votes. The nmnes of 'the candi dates appear in our advertisement columns. In nddltion to the retiring officers, who,' with one exception-— Dr. Btownlessr— come forward for re-election, there are a number of others who;offer themselves. Canvassing has been energetically proseeuted by most -of fire candidates, and in one instance, as will be isecnl from n notieo in our advertising' columns, cards linvo been printed, hearing the nnme.of Dr. Tlioma9, and circulated without that gentleiuun's knowledge' or consent. For tlio sake of the institution, and of the thousands of persons who annually receive its benefits, we hope that the best 'men will be elected, and that tho subscribers, In - their anxiety to further the inierestsof personal frlcnt's, will not forget that it is their ditty to provide the hospital with the most efficient men procurable. Above, all, we hope that the system of plumping will not be resorted to, since n subscriber will but ill havo performed his duty, even though lie succeeds in carrying the election of his favourite, if he sur rounds him with inefficient condjutors. A cor respondent calls our attention to some remarks in Dr. Thomas's address ns to the. necessity of appointing men of the greatest experience, nnd making the appointments as nearly permanent os pes-ible, and goes on to argue that as the whole of the old honorary staff havo voluntarily submitted themselves to re- eicetion, they have the greatest claim upon the subcribers. ' Negotiations between tlio Government and, the Banks are not ranking much progress. .A conference of representatives of the six banks took piece on Saturday, at the Bank of Austral asia, but. we believe none of tho gentlemen present saw their way clear to help the Govern ment out of their dilemma. The Treasurer has given notice of his intention tocense to do busi ness -witli tho recalcitant institutions on and alter, the Sth instant,' after, which date the receivers of revenuo will ceaso to pay in money" to the credit of the publhs aceount, which will gradually, we suppose,' be ; exhausted by., the special appropriations'. ! The Bank of Yict« tin is now ihornugbly in accord with the other banks.: Tko.tuodb now suggested of paying "the, 'con'-' tractors and the civil servania is to give them an acknowledgment of the " debtj with a promise to. pay Interest upon the aiipbtintpntil 'the date" of payment. We believe that a precedent for the adoption of such a course : is to be fouud'ln the history of the colony of Detqernra. ; . ; The 'commission appointed to -report upon applications; under the ''42nd 'section 'of "the Amending Land Act fur 20-'acre leases in the neighbourhood of Daylcsfdrd and : Muldon iidve reported favourably in most cases' A. large number; of the persons applying were ' miners' already occupying Crown lands under miners' rights, and now onxtous of holding under a legal tenure sufficient land for, homes forjtii'era- selvcs and families, A large number were - Italians, who wanted land for- vineyards, the establishment of which, its at Franklin, trad Hol- combe, Los' received an impetus, owing (to tho very promising state of some small'viocyards already formed. , I- ' , - Tlie u'fuol weekly meeting of'Uie City Council will be held this ttftecuoon,.atihnlf-pnsf 2 o'clock. The principal business Is the consideration of tenders fpr various, public works, and a' report from" tlie Health Committee, informing 'the, council that Dr. Macadam; tho' healtl) officer, \- lias been called to New Zealand on n subpoena that his absence is expected hot to exceed' -.one- month ; and that he has- obtained tlio: promise of- Dr. -Neild , to perform the duties of his office: during Ills absence from the colony. . . !!' i '! \ The ltcgtstrar-General's report of tiie .vital statistics | 'Melbourne and suburbs for.' the month of July, was - publlshed ih 'Friday's Gazette.'. Tbe- tot'nl number:of deaths during the month was 270, of whom 108 were males, and 102 females. The daily 'average was 871 ; ' highest being 12, and tbe lowest 3. The average nutnbsr of deaths for the same month, during the six years from 1800 was 251 j' the lowest beiog 207 in 1801, and tho greatest 310 in 1800. The -mean temperature was 46.4, nearly two degrees lower than the average. The -deaths of children under live years of age numb.-rcd 110 ; of theso nearly 06 per cent, were males. -The number of persons who died nt a more advanced ago than five years was 151 j of which not quite 07 per cent, were males. The deaths which occurred from external causes numbered 11". Of these, 2 were front drowning, viz., a female1 aged 20 months and a male aged 30 years.," Five were from fractures and coutpsioDs, viz.; a carter aged 21, who was killed by it cart passing over him, a contractor aged 23 by a fall /rum his horse, n seaman aged 26 by falling from o mast, a farmer aged 30 who died in conscquenco of accidental irjurics to Ills spine, and a gunsmith aged 07 from tho fillets ol a fincturcil leg. Two were from accidental sull'ocation, viz., an infant aged 18 days, nnd another aged 5 months. A labourer ngeil 30 wns accidentally killed on the railway at Willinnistown in a manner not stated. A mattress-maker aged 30 was hanged judicially. Seventy-deaths, or 26 per cent, of tho whole number recorded, took place in public institutions. Of these 30 were in the Melbourne Hospital, 9 In tlio Benevolent Asylum, 0 in the Yarrn Bend Lunntic Asylum, 3 in the Immigrants' Home, 14 in the Industiinl Schools, 1 Iu St. Vincent de Faul's Orphan Atyltim, 2 in the Melbourne Gaol, and 2 in the hulk Suc cess. The uumher of deaths in the several regbtration districts were: — Melbourne Proper, Gl ; East Melbourne, 4 ; North Aiclbourne and Cailton, 46; Fltzroy Municipality, 22; East Collingwood, 24; Eiclunond, 20; remainder of Jika-JIka parish, 16; South Yarraand Frnhran, 10; Emerald Hill und Sandridge, 16; St. Ktlda and Brighton, 0 ; Douttn Golla and Keilor, 1 ; Borsondara and Heidelberg, 0; Cut-paw-paw parish, 17 ; shipping ia ilobson's Bay, 3. The population of the city nnd suburbs is reckoned at 130,016, so that the mortality wns 103 in every 1U00 persons. The causes of death were: — Zy motic diseases, 67; constitutional diseases, 47 ; local disease, 110; developmental disease, 35; violent deaths, 11. An ordinary meeting of the Koyal Society will be held in their holl this evening, at half- past 7 o'clock, when a paper will be rend by Mr. Raw- llnson, on tho desirability of establishing the section for ethno and geographical sciences. A paper on colonial wines will also ho read by Br. Bleosdale. A woman named Mary Kelly wns lodged in the Swnnston street watch-house yesterday after noon, on tlio chnrgo of murdering George Gulliver, alias Kelly, a man with whom site had been living for six years. It scenrn Killy wor.t home on Thursday evening in a state of intoxi cation, and that his paramour being enraged at his condition, bent him severely witli a billet of wood, and struck his head ngniustthc floor. The strangest part of the affair is that, although the man wns in a . very critical state, medical nid was not called in unlit tho following evcDing, when his cose was found to bo hopeless. Death ensued on Saturday evening. A detailed nccount will be found in nnothcr column. Stockowners should take warning from tlio following remarks of tho Jtiverine Herald: — " Wo havo had frequently to call the attention of the authorities to tlie fuct tliat mobs of stock crossing into Victoria nro allowed to remain unregistered for a oonsiderable time beyond that allowed for so doing. Fevcrnl 1 instances have occurred of late, nnd we think that proceedings against the next infringers of the law wouldhavo in all probability n beneficlal effect." . Wc have papers from Sydney to the HOlli ult, or ono day later than last files. Thc ncr.-s has been chiefly' anticipated by telegraph. Tho Maitland Mercury repot ts that Mr. John Dowling, Warrego, while ..'exploring in the neighbourhood of Mount Muiclii-on, was mur dered by the black fellow that accompanied him. By the barque, Clara ISayers we have dates from Mauritius to the 0th AUgust, but the news i9 unimportant. ' The Secretary of tlic: Protestant Orphan Asylum writes to. state that several persons liiivo recently given subscriptions to the- collectors of another institution, under the impression that they were contributing to -the above- named charity. He, therefore, mentions that the col lectors for the Protestant Orphan Asylum have thewiitten authority of Mr; Germain Nicholson, tbe treasurer, or Mrs. Foote; the secretary of the Ladies Committee; ; . Under tbe beading of " Attempted Murder," the Warrnambool Sentinel gives' tho, following particulars of. : a i most' brutal ' assault : — " Mr. John Ileidy, jun.; the master of tlie Purnim .Common School, a fine:promirlng and intelligent young man, very generally respected by nil who knew him, was the victim of n most crtt.-l and murderous attack by a fiend ia human form named Hugh Al'Kenna, on Friday afternoon last. ' 1 1 appears that . after school Iiad - finished, the master returned, for the purpose of writing, when, lie wns joined by a young girl to whom lie was paying attentions, which appear not to have been acceptable to tier uncle, the said Ilug it M'Kenna, for after tho pair had been a eiisrt time together, furious dctitantlB were suddenly made 'from the outside for ndtnisslon by the uncle, hut they mistrusting Ills intentions, re fused him admission, which, however, lie forth- with obtained by bursting ia the window) and the lonely schnolhouse was soon the sceno of a frightful butchery ; the ruffiin attacked the de fenceless young ritun with u lnrgc piece of wootl, and in spite of the screams of the terrified girl, beat him about the head and aU over tlie body, until he left him for dead, weltering in his blood. Notwithstanding His dreadful'' injuries, poor Reldy sufficiently recovered to be able to crawl homewards, some two miles' distant, assisted by his, faithful sweetheart,' svlto, endowed with almost supernatural strength for tho time, car ried ltim most of tliq way, herself. Dr. Boyd has been most assiduously in, attendance, since, but from tlic severe injuries-' to the- skull, which Is fractured in several places, there is very little hope of. recovery.-: Tito brutal assailant has hitherto beified the efforts of the police to appre hend ldm." 11 i The Lord Bishop of Melbourne is advertised to deliver ' ,a lecturo 'this . evening, in the 'Mechanics' Institute, tit 8 o'clock, in connection with the Sunday School Institute. Tho subject of the lecture is— "The Recent Objtctinns to the Old Testament Scripture as Affecting Belief :ln their! Inspiration,?.' His! Honour, the Chief Justice !wlli preside. The conviction- of , four persons for double- voting at the election of metulwrs, for the Cam- paepe Bond' Bbn'rd/'-dn 'tiie lOtli August, is re- : ported iji the Bendigo n deertlserV Tlie takingof tho evidence oceuph.il nesrjy.the whole dayv.The' persons j convicted -wero - J t hu- D wycr, who had formerly .been a' 'member of tlie Board— lie re ceived six-months' imprisonment; - Patrick Car- rick, a cab-driver ; Lot Mflhiierty, of Epsom ; and Hugh O'Grady. Alf pleaded guilty, and- ipero eachsentoaced.'to.two months' Imprison-, ment. :. 1 ." -, - : ' Pet ails of a revere casualty ,nrefurnisl>c the Maryborough Aderriiser A frightful aeeidentjhnppened a few days since to n traveller for Scritse'a brewery, Bet-Bel, while on tlic way from -Laiidsboro'ugh homewards.- , It appears that hq was driving a sprlng-cnrt, laden with empty .casks, down a steep, liill' known' as the' Mulokoff gap, when befell' (rdm'his 6ent, and one of ihc , wheels passed over the lower part of his ahilomen . He.is now lying at Landshorough in a critical state." j ' r -' ' ! The brothers Meyer were again brought up on . remand at the Carisbrook Politic Court, charged ! with fraudulent insolvency, 'trad remanded until - Tuesday.! ' ; .jrho disadvantages' under ' which' StlbgHtz lta ' are I thus grandiloquently alluded to , by the \Quardianx — "If tliere is any ono , thing ; required for. , the : advancement of Stlegll'z, it is, that: of:', direct; rommuntcit- tibdi How is this to be achieved ? Why, by telegraph. Meredith .is .'distant from' us seven miles. / .jar, if wc bail telegraphic 'communica tion, we wpuld not be required to wait so long for information as we have now to do. '.Every- body knows the advantage of quick despatch— shares are going up to-day and down to-morrow and what we desire-to know js, the maiket price! Now we nBk any utoit of business how Is this to be arrived at? A lode may. ho struck ' hero tf great richness, and before it could he ti.bdo known .at: Balhiurat, tlio sharpers wouhl iide over to Meredith, jump into the train;" hity up all available shares, nnd nett a very'nice little sum (this has been done before). What we want is a telegraphic office at Meredith ; this being done we will very soon have one at Stieglitz ; but it is desirable and. nf importance' to the general community that it should be conceded to .Meredith first. Then again tlic fores charged are a direct imposition; for example, take a ticket : at Bhllusrnt for Melbourne -di- roqt, you pay 23., and vico versa ; but t„ko a ticket for Gcclong, nnd charge is 12s. GtL; get out of your cairlagc, ns many do, take a ticket to Mtlhottmc, nnd the charge is 7a. Gtl. ; you therefore effect a saving of 2s. Now, in longjourncys, the usual course Is, botli ia England, America, nnd tho Continent, to charge n less sum; hut hero tho order of things Is reversed, bcc'auso wo find that the longer you travel tlio greater you fare ; this is radically wrong, and should be at once rectified. Stieglitz will now bo n place of importance, and irrespective of its present claims numerous others wilt soon be under weigh, so that this goldfield will bo "amongst the foremost in the colony. All that is required hero is energy, capital, nnd co-operation, and depend upon it tho future wilt be moot brilliant. How comes it that we, in so small a community, struggling ngninst difficulties and other concomitnnts, have overcome them, nnd are now proud of our stnnd, nnd can hold out ourbnnnerin deflnnco of tlio world ? They say we have done well— then coino and do likewise— we welcome all." A piece of good fortune which befel a poor digger, is thus chronicled by the 'Jalbot header'. — "A fine nugget, weighing 19oz. Gilwt., wns unearthed In Lamplough last Mon day. As usual, it was iound in the old work ings by a miner in very indigent circumstances. The Bank of Victoria, Avaca, were the pur chasers." A tncoling of the committee appointed by the Kyneton Shiro Council to consider tho propriety of urging on tlic Government the necessity of making a trial survey of a lino from Kyneton to Violet-town, in connection with tho proposed Btcchwcrth Railway, was held on Wednesday last. Tho Guardian elates that after going over the map of the proposed route, and reading letters from Mr. Tucker, M.L.A., and Mr. Patturan, on the subject, on adjournment was agreed upon, nnd it was resolved that Messrs. Tucker and Sands, M.L.A.'s, ho invited to attend the Bdjourned meeting ; and that the secretary bo instructed to prepare and present on tliat occasion a draft of a memorial to the lion, the Commissioner of Railways, praying for a trial survey of n lino from Kyneton to Vlolct- towu, whero it would Join the present survey to Bcechworth, to bo made. With reference to tlie pilchards in tho Bay, the Geelong Advertiser has tho following : — " Tito master of a Bmall craft, on the passage frain Qneenscliff to Melbourne, states that on Tuesday last lie Bailed .through not less thhn three tniles in length of n shoal of pilchards. Socio of the fishermen at Willtamstown; ' who linve made tlic recent splendid hauls of pilchards have, it is said, netted as much as L30 for a' day's work." Tho Mount Alexander Mail is of opinion tliat hospitalities should be Interchanged by the magistrates and the Judge at sessions in tlie saute manner as in England: — "We wero yesterday reminded of the custom which obtains in England of the magistrates taking" the opportunity of the presence, of the Judge at Quarter Sessions, to invito his Honour to dinner on each of the four occa- tiona in the year. If we recollect rightly', the sessions at home extend over two, days. On the first, the Judge dlnca with the magistrates, who, sic on tlie Bench with him ; on the evening of the second day tlie dinner partakes of tho character of a banquet, and is of a more pub'ic character as the substance of tbo conversations or speeches at such times generally find their wny: Into the local press. ' We not only-sec -no reason why the same custom should not prevail here,' on the other hand, it is possible that benefit arises ' from tho cordial ieeiing be tween, the chairman and the magisterial.Bench' generally." The only nomination for - the eastern 'sab- division of tbo Brny brook Road , Board wus Mr. , T. B| Derliatn,' who was declared duly elected, there being no opposition. This extraordinary' vacancy, was' caused' by tho resignation of Mr.' Francis Brown, i A yonng' girl; named Jessie 'Mills,' about 13.' years of age, wos committed forltrldi; on Satur day, at . the Emerald Hlil Police Court, : for, stealing, in April last, . n largo . quantity of clothing, valued at about . L20, from a' house, which ltnd been locked up with tlie furniture and other goods inside, whilst Captain Noon, mid, his wife, the tenants, went on. a voyage to New-' castle. The girl was brought down under n w.it of habeas corpus irom the reformatory at Sunbury, where sbc was undergoing a sentence of three years for larceny, and on arrival in town at once acknowledged having stolen tho clothing and pledged it in Sandridge. The houso from which the clothing was taken was burnt down a' day or two after the goods wero pledged, and the girl . will be charged with arson next Saturday, as she ia suspected of. being the party, who set; fire to it. . The finances of the Borough Council of Am- herst being in a very depressed condition, a meeting of the whole council was held on Wed- nesday evening after the ordinary business was over, to take into consideration the very inter- esting subject of ways and means. What tran- spired at the meeting, we (Talbot Leader) are unable to give as the business was conducted privately, but the result, was partly shown yes- terday morning, when Mr. Meadows, the con- tractor, for the additions to the Borough-hall, was served with a notice to suspend operations, which he did accordingly. We have succeeded in ascertaining that no definite decision was ar- rived at by the council about these additions beyond that of suspending operations, and that the whole subject of finance, together with the appointment of a surveyor, will be considered this day ( Friday). The electoral roll of-tlie Amherst division, says tlic '1 albot Leader i will be extremely heavy .when compiled, the registrar's lists show- Ing over 1000 ratcpByers in the division. ' !: ' The inhabitants ., of:. Creswick-have decided upon treating themselves to a weekly Jialf- hqltdayj At a meeting held on Thursday : last, it' was agreed that .all ptaccs of business should be closed at 12 o'clock every Friday. ' '- ' The manner In : which- Chinese culprits are tried -is token exception;, to by . tho 'BnHo'erat .;tnr.— " When an undefended CbtneBe prisoner is put upon ids trio). tlie. evideh'co is,, interpreted; to hint, but the addresses of counsel and the charge of .the judge nre1 not Interpreted..? Jt /is hard to reconcile: this anomaly: 'witli,. tljo high, equitable and, logical pretensions of our --juris- prudence. - Of course, . to do awny, with 'the anomaly .would be to make/such trials insufferably . tedious, but still there is the apparent incon sistency In practice." ; ;; , ,,, At Smythesdale and - Scarsdnle largo arid; in fluential committees have been formed to secure the return of Mr. James Service for. Ballaarat - west. i.'. . ,4 .it "tr i The number of prisoners detained in the "Cen tral Gaol; on Saturday last;; was 315) of whom 230 wcrelmales aitd 85 fenioles) who were eiossi - fled aq follows : — For trlitl ' before', the Supremo Court, 17| males; :2 females ; 'before inagjstrates,' 22 males; 7 females. .Under sentence : Hard labour, 108/ males, 15 females; imprison- ment, ,57 males, 63 females;' lunatics, 2 mates, ,3 females; in default of baii,,12.inates, females'; debtors, 11'; contempt of court li ' In a view of a possible dissolution of Pnriia- . mont, reports are current as to the intentions of- the present members. The'Eyne/qti GiiardjAii says :— f A ruraourbnsbeen very freely circulated .that, in the event of a. dissolution; bf 'Bariin- ment, Mr? Tucker would not again stand for the -Kyneton Boroughs, and would seek a - Castle- maino conslttuency, but ' we have seen a nolo froth that 'gentleman, wherein its expresses his' intention of remaining by his old constituency If they will not desert him." The Smeaton correspondent ef lite CrestcicJe A dvertiser wrltce " Potato plnntlng is rapidly being proceeded with throughout the district, and seed is in largo demand. But will' It be credited that we are dependent on Warrnambool and the parts adjacent for our supply of this use ful esculent. Smeaton and her sister Bullarook embrace some thousands of acres , of , the host' agricultural land in the! colony, and yet it is u - positive fact that we do not raiso sufficient pota toes for our own consumption, and are at present importing them from tho neighbourhood- of Tower Ilill and the Me.rirTTlfTr15® wheat, Mr. A. Wilson ha, tried b"i (.stone nnd Day's preventative > 7 ,mh wheat treated with these npDlioiii yet tlja equally well, their comparative valued 00!" preventers can only of course h 6mut harvest A piece J golfi'Top" , unpick ed on this gentleman's form , SBn furnard and thicker than that treated ,mora stone. The time of sowing "To ' '"Ue- charocterof soil, and quality of seed I f, SWn' in both instances. The unpieklcd wheat i"1 been sown experimenlnlly. I nun trno , out a piece of wheat on Mr. Wiisoo'e r '' seed of which had lain all night in nb-blf"1' 1,10 looks v.ry inferior to the su'rronndtog '' seed of tho latter not having been in c, ' 0 more than two heurs or so. This fne(eCp f?r seem to urge clearly that a short period h necessnry to steep tlio grain, nnd that allowi"" f to remnla long in ptcklo is highly detrimental A large meeting of farmers was held on pit (lflv, at tho Car.sc o'Gowrio hotel. Learmn .u Mr J. M'Intosh occupied the Ballaarat ztar says Tho principal queau„tt for discussion wns tho proposed altormt . . Ballaornt half, holiday from Friday to Satur l Mr. Lockett attended nt the request of the p J" larnat 8:ock Exchange, and at consider" length detailed the views of tho members of ib ! assoclntioii. Ho referred particularly to difficultb-s that at present exist, owing to share matkets in Melbourne and ilallannt i,.i closed ou the afternoons of two scpornto J 8 The meeting was evidently inclined to adhere to the system nt present prevailing in Ballaarat and Mr. Morton and several othcta spoke in favour of it. On tho motion of Mr. BolH seconded by 5rr. Ogiivy, a resolution was carrb.! to that effect. Other matters in connection with tho transnctious of some of the nrodno, agents were then considered/' Frederick O. Monkton, clerk of petly session, at Tnlbet, was charged at the City Com?0 on Saturday morning, with embezzllBg L15 'the property. of the Government. The prisoner was arrested ou information contained iu a telegram aud ho. was tcmanded to Talbot. ' A warrant- was issued yestohiay, at the in stance of Messrs. Walsh, Were, nnd Moore shnrebrokersj-lor the apprehension of Mr A E Cohen, auctioneer and agent, Siqytlieadal'e on a ' chnrgo of obtaining certain vdluablo mialan- shares on n valueless cheque. -We (Ballaarat c tar) understand that there fire a number of similar cases r gainst Mr. Cohen, and it Is ra- mourcd that several brokers nt Bio Corner ore likely to he It uvy losers through, ltim. Court ' eccuinmodation dots not appear to be very extensive at Bnllnsrnt. The Mar says-— -".The General Sessions Court having occupied ' tbe Et-stern Polico Court yesterday, the Police Court was held in tho clerk's room, and fortu nately there was not much business, or the cVango would have been extremely inconvenient; Standing and writing room was exceedingly limited, nnd chairs were a luxury obtainable only, by a few,' there wero, in fact, only three iu tbe room, and an. accommodating justice of the pence contented" himself with n scat on nn Iron safe, whilst one nf tlio reporters used a piece of firewood lis a (.tool." . The tonnual meeting of the members of the Melbourne Crlvkbt Club was held on Saturday afteriieon In the pavilion on tbe ground. There was n very lnrg- attendance, nnd Mr. T. 1'. Hamilton, the president, wns called on to preside! The libit. 'see., - Mr. W. C. Diddle, rend tho report of the committee, which stated that the club was. indebted to the amount of L090. This large deficit had been caused through the non- jmyment of subscriptions by many members the number of new members last year being less than tlie cstimnle, nnd tbo generally uninteresting cricket season, 'so far its the public wns con cerned. The committee, however, trusted that twith an Intercolonial Match this year the club would be reinstated in' its former position. Several new improvements bad been mads on the ground during the recess, the most pro minent being the formation of n bowling-green, The committee strongly recommended that the services of a gocd professional bowler should bo secured for. tlie ensuing season.- After cxpress- ing regret at the lass sustained by tlio club through the departure of Caffyn, Hewitt, and Cosstlck, tlie committee noticed the attention paid by-Rowley Newberry to his duties and tbe care tnken.of the ground, nnd added a compli mentary reutnt-k as to the very satisfactory manner in .which the lion, sec..' had discharged the onerous duties of hi3 office. On a recom mendation. by the roiumltteo that tho liability on account of Caffyn's salary, for which a number of the members had guaranteed tlie president, should: be . made a contingent liability of tbo club, it long discetission took piece. It was announced' that out of the L304 guaranteed, only LI50 had been collected, but the president stated that he had uo. doubt but that the whole amount - would - eventually - be1 forthcoming. . Several members considered it .unfair that a few , persons should be coiled upon to pay for Caffyn's services rendered to the club nnd tho members- generally. "It 'was intimated by other gentle men that although" it might be made a contin- gc-nt liability they would never, look for repnytnent. On the motion of Mr. A. Wyatt, secondi (1 by Mr, ; M'Gnntt, - the -report was adopted. The election of office-bearers was then proceeded wi lt. Ou tho' morion of Mr. W. C. Biddle, seconded by Mr. Cohen, M.L.A., Mr. T. F. Hamilton was unanimously re-elected (president. Mr. Hamilton said that It was not his intention- to have again filled tho office, ns -,be thought it better that some gentleman re siding, in town shntilil be elected. Tito following gentlemeu were then chosen for the remaining offices :j— Vice-president, Mr. YY. H. Hull; treasurer, Mr. A. VY. Fritter ; secretary, Mr. . C.; Biddle';' committee, Mesirs. D. S. Camp bell,. V.' Caiiioron',': J. Goodman, YY. H. Hand-' : field, II. Creswick, M.L.A., T. F. YVray, and .CrLister. This concluded the proceedings. A" mile race came off on the Melbourne : Cricket Ground on Saturday .nfternoon between Messrs. ; Flood and -I'nrdne; and was witnessed by several hundred persons. . Both men are well-known ns amateur athletes,- and the event Wns therefore regarded with n'good deal of late- rest.'1 :Tlie race wns for n trophy, valued nt L20. On Jho 'word being given to start, both men , . went ofl'at an ensy pane, keiplng.ivcll together. ' For three-quarters of n utile they remained in .close company, but in tbo last quarter Flood .was slightly lending when 1'nrdoe passed hint nt the hiil. | Tlie'effort, however, wits too much for .him, ns j FJool put on n spurt n short distance jfrbm'liotnc, itnd won easily by several yards. Tho , time . of the race was 5m. 8s., which Is not bad when the state of the ground is taken into coasi- ,'de'rntlon.; The 'Surrey Cricket Club commencfd their 'senso n on: Saturday, playing ngninst the Ilotbam Cricket Club, on t lie grottnil of the former. The game resultp-l , in n draw, the Surrey team scoring 13l' against their opponents 35 runs, with six wickets down. ' The entirety of two operas, '"II Trovatore" and ,jf Ln' Fllle du' Begiment,'' were presented at iho 'Th'eatre Royal on Saturday night, to an pvcHjowin'g houso. Tho "Trovnloro" was capi tally played, . , All the artistes appeared to exert their utmost efforts, ami the beautiful music of Verdi was in consequence heard to great advan tage. In-; the "Daughter of the Regiment," Mta'Durand appeared as Marie, and made a most piquant vivnndiere. Mr. Beaumont wss the TooIoj nnd Mr. F. Lystcr, Suipice. This evening, Auber's lnngniticent opera of "Masn- nlello" will be produced for the first time in ' Melbourne' by the Lyster company. It bos been for some time in preparation, ohd, wc believe, will Tbo , presented ;iu : a most coraplelo form. Madame Lucy Escott will assume the port of tbe ' Princess Elvira,' nnd Miss Georgia Ilodson that of Fenelln, I - - . Tho nautical nnd sensational drama of tl:o " Flying Dutchman ; or, the Phantom Ship," was produced nt' tho Iluymarkct Theatre on Saturday evening, .09 the piece de resistance, with' tlie Irish Emigrant." as an afterpiece. Tbe " Phantom Ship," is a drama of tho truo Beusalipnal ;orfier, founded upon Captain Mar- ryntt'a well-known novel of tho samo name. Mr. Hoskius as Toby Varnish, and Mr. B. , „„ potcr Von Bumrael, Iinve the comedy ""T" nntl by their peculiarities succeeded in 'rnvokfop hC,,r'y InUgl',Cr- Mr- E- Ho1" was tlic Flying Dutchman Vngderdoeken, '"Tss througliout lie lion only n few sentences "" alt |1C could not but be perfect in tha pint. Mr Pfilne its Cnptain Pcppercoai, and Mr. Hall Lieutenant Mowbray) each fulfilled the wnuiremcnts of the parts. Mr. Stanley made as i. as be could out of tho part of L negro Sniutta.? Mrs. IV. Hill deserves com- meuilalion for her impersonation of Lucy ; while Miss Docy Stewart was sufficiently interesting In the part of Lcstclle Vnnhelm, the young lady carried off by tho Dutchman. The piece was H placed on the stage, some new and effective accnerv being employed. In tho " Irish Eini- crant" Mr. Stewart appeared as O'Bryan, in vldch character lie intrsduced scTcral songs. The «aine bill will he repented till? evening. 