Sn the L·;gilatire Couiw;il iii Ttiio dai'1 ifr. FI?tkner mtot l ilitat t, i b.ui ildi. Ordlers Commiiltrte he inltiunitod. to ?til. eider, with viiw e'to reviison thistiu lto. iit ord. r. (No 18) rlnting to thei absence of membhers. - SThe motion iwas :iioondod :bhr- Mr. Jeuncer-and.iitr,,,eo to. " .. Theo Constitu ion luau- Consolirlntion. Bill was'hiouightllp fromt thie le 'iylati, Laseiubly. " SM'r. i'ellows. moved ,a runohtion:. do clarin"g that tbo 'lower to "rcoriimend amendunenti. ihn..billh wuhich hneve.pausd both Hountsof Parlinment, ouglit inot to Ije exerisoed by the Goernor in Council save lur thie currection of errors in such bills. Mr. Fawkner seconded the motion. The motion w, s agreed to and the House adjourned at five minutes past five o'clock. In the Legislative Assembly, Mr. M'Bain called attention to the woking of the present land law. He observed that whereas, duriugtheprssnage ot' the Laud Act through the Legislature the assurance was given by the Govern. ment that the agricultural areas would be prdclaimed in such a manner that no more than a third of eaich pastoral run would be thrown open at one timne, since the proclanation of the areas entire runs had neen taken up by free selectors. Again, ex ierience had showli the deman:d for land for actual settlement was not as great as had been represented, and that the throw iug open of 4,0J00,t0: acres had had the elfelt of calling into existence a class of speculators--" mediu'ms" or " ghosts" as they were called-who nade selections simply with the view of securing good terms from the squatters. Mr. MacBaihi supported his statemout.by extracts from prLvato letters, and concluded by asking the G-overnmenit whether they were in possession of any inforsmation which led them to suppose the t the selections already uiade were in accordance with the spirit Santd intention of the Land Act, and that the selectors were the class of men whom e it w\as the intentios of the Legislature to . benefit when the said liaw was passed. MI ar. M'Oulloeh reinarked. ttat if land was takeni up by ': mediuiios' who did not occupy it, pursuant to the provisions of the Land Act, the land would revert to r the Croiwn, arid afltrwards be thrown open for selection or .uiired for sale by auetiont as the Got sernuent t miiht deeuc expedient. He hbid heard rutnoursrsimilar r to those mentioned by tile member for the y .Wimmera. and to atscertain their truth he put himiself in co:nmuni:ation with thls f Minister of'Lands, whilo was at Campier down. The reply lie received hate this previous night n as t to the efeet that the great bulk of tl'e hid't'tken up had fallen into the hands of boata idme settlers, and that the act was, on the whole, working 'admirably. With regard to the airt of whole runs havrig been taken up, lio would retminid Iho. timemhr., thltat these runs were available for selection under - the Act of 1802, anld that there was no other course open to the Gorernulent, f seeing that the new not providted that swithin three months .1,O00,O00 acres r f should lie ready for selection. -tWithl re gard to the mediums, lie would observo that the occupation of that class would be gone if the squatters would only.stand aloofl; and not pay them, as reported, so largely tor their services ' In reply to M?r, Tholuson, Mr. M'Oulloch said the Government w. ere not bound to issue a lease for thirty u days after the land was selected; and it satisfied.that the land was not takeni up my foribona fide settlement, they could refuse to issue the lease. ' Thle House .was then called. 'The P nuimber of absentees was sixteen. y " Mr. Harker moved the second readiig ': ve of the State 'Aid to Iteligiun Abolitiona! n Bill. On a division the bill was rejected, ,. by 29to 25. T h Tle Public Works Law Amendment a. and Consolidation Bill was read a third ut timue. a The House then went into committee )a on the Mitnilt Bill. re After some srreghilar discussion, several °s amendments propo.cd by the Governmentt Swere mtade in the measure. a. Progress w is then reported. S Oni the motion of Mr.' lichardson, the . Dividing ,F'oues Bll was read a first time. The House adjourned at twcuty-livec if. minutes to one o''loi'k. lEs ________________ 