THE LEICHHARDT SEARCH EXPEDITION. (From the Age, October 19.) Thb following despatch has been received from the surgeon to the expedition : — Nocaliji Biver, Paroo, 16th September, 1865. To the Secretary of the Ladies' Leichhardt Search Com mittee :— Madam,— I have the honour to request that you will lay the following minutes of the proceedings of the Leichhardt Search. Expedition before the committee. Commencing at the final date of my last despatch. 9th August, 1865, they cany on events to toe 23rd August, completing the account of what may be considered the first stage of our journey. T Kom o^visniilv mAvi'iuJ trnm jfnrAilitior nnw muv intAr. eating and important topics, fully noticed in my journal, confining myself to a simple record of travel and incident with a view to furnish a clear and connected account of our progress, 10th to 16th August, 1865.— As mentioned in my former resume our horses were now in a wretched condition. I therefore thought it advisable to spell them on the litU good feed fortune had reserved for us in the vicinity of our camp. On the 13th instant 1 received a few lines tram Mr. M'Intyre, directing me to bring on certain portions of the stores lying at Menindie, and the following day we spent in conveying them to our camp, seven miles, and mating. preparation, for starting. 16th August.— Travelled about eighteen miles along the river. Passed Albemarle station about noon, and camped towards evening on a well grassed bend. 16th August.— Travelled about twenty nines along the river, camped on a scantily grassed bend. The country looked miserably dry all along the river, and the scarcity ef grass, saltbush, and every kind of herbage was really alnrming. No wonder every green thing had been eaten down to the reots. vast numbers «f sheep and cattle have been grazing along the river for eighteen months, during which period not a single day's rain has fallen on the Upper Darling. All the waterholes and. many of the tanks in the back country, away from the river, are dry. Even the saltbuah, which flourishes when all green things around are perishing from drought, is dying. When and hew is this to end? The settlers have ample reason to feel anxious and alarmed. 17th August— Journeyed nineteen miles along the river, passing Tintinaiagee statootribuing the day. . lSthAugust.— Travelled eighteen miles along the river, reaching on the opposite bank, M'Crea's station in the after noon. Icampedthepartyona fairly grassed bend, and then crossed the river to M'Crea's, to inquire about Mr. M'Intyre. I&und; he had left this station for Mount Mnrchison some days before, leaving seme instructions for my guidance. 19th August. — Acting upon these, crossed the entire party, men, horses, camels and baggage, in the forenoon ; the men ana loading by boat, the horses swam across and the camels forded the river. We had great difficulty in overcoming the honest objection of these lumber ing creatures to water. Beloooh coaxed, harangued and, finally, raved at them in Hindooetanee— alas, in vain 1 they would not go. So then we pushed the two leading camels bodily into the stream. A horseman,- in advance, kept up an unmerciful strain on their nose-strings, ana we assailed them in the rear with sticks, stones and shouts. They canweft slowly and surely, feeting Uw bottom with their big kel ore they made a fresh stop in advance. Thou remaining followed their comrades without hesitation The cropsing occupied about two hours in all. We th'ea «! pocked and started up the river, along which we travellsi about twelve miles before camping. ^^ Sunday, 20th August.— Tnis daj* being Sunday, I ruA the Church oi Englaxd Service for the men, and, leaving them encamped, 1 rode on to Mount Murchuon, five mils? to see Mr. M'Intyre. He was glad to see me ; pleased that things had gone on well 60 far. 2Ut and 2lnd August.— Moved the party to a bend of the river, three miles beyond Mount Murchison. Mr M'Intyre ntxt effected an exchange of Btorea with Mr' Beede, of Mount Murchison station, whereby it became unnecessary to send back for the stores at Menindia ; a fort night's labour saved. This is but one of the many kinl actions of Mr. Rt«Je, in promoting the intvest of the ex pedition ; and I fully express Mr. M'lntyre'l wishes wb« 1 have the honour to draw the attention of your committee to so worthy a person. 1 may mention, in passing, that I found an extensive nnd most excellent equipment awaitut my airival at Mount Murchison. It included saddlomrf every kind, end tinware for the carriage of water. Mr M'Intyre now determined to divide his party. Hones wen proem able at Kalara, higher up the Darling 100 miles; anil thence to Nocalija, the rendezvous on tho Paroo, a dry stage of only fifty-five miles had to be traversed. Thu route he decided upon for the hones. The only dray avail able, drawn by an apparently good team of horses, aod t cart drawn by two different horses, were hired to convey the stores by a shorter route to Nocalija. This route (N E. by N. from Mount Murchison), although considerably snorter, had the serious disadvantage of a long stage— ahnott eighty miles— without water. To meet this difficulty the camels under my charge were appointed to follow up the dray with the necessary quantity of water, in addition to which they were also to take on almost all the baggage previously packed on horses. It will be seen in a future dispatch *ow admirably these 'ships of the deaBrt' be haved' on their trip ; as, indeed, without their aid the etora would never have been got through. '23rd August. —All things, being in readiness, the two parties bid each other good-bye, for a time, on the moraW of tae 23rd August. Mr. *Mjtyre'B consisted of himwff three men, and all the horses, except three. They took all thetaddlery and some of the lighter articles of equipment along with them. My party consisted of myself and thiee men, twelve camels and three horses. The camels' loading averaged about 200 lbs. to each. (It must be remembered that nine only were available, three being; young.) Tho dray and cart started the same evening, with about 3 tona 16 cwt. of loading, the bulk of which was flour (2! toes), This ends what may be considered as the first' stage of our journey. I cannot conclude without once more assuring the committee that the men under my charge have worked most willingly and well throughout. Th^y-sgree together— to use an expression borrowed from one of their number— 'as if they were «f one family,' and it was with regret that the limited number of hands required obliged me to part with three of them at Mount Murchison. These men, Messrs. Eowey, Kelly, and Steward, were discharged only because they were supernumeraries, and through no fault or transgression of thoir own. I have the honour to remain, Madam, your very obedient servant, James V. Mfbha y. Surgeon to the Expedition. Mphdeb op a Shepherd at Reedy Cheek..— Tko Gundagai Herald of the 21st instant says: — It was rumoured in town, on Sunday last, that an old shepherd in the employ of Mr. Jeremiah Lehane, of Reedy Creek, was found dead in a water-hole near his hut, with every appearance of having met his death by foul means. Mr. A. C. S. Boso, P.M., proceeded to Bogolong, and held a magisterial inquiry, on Monday, which resulted in a hut- \ keeper, named John Hoare, being committed for trial for ' wilful murder. The evidence, although purely tircam- ' stential, clearly points to Hoare as the murderer. It is at I follows : — Joseph Chapman, sworn, said : I am a polios constable stationed at Jugiong. On Sunday morning last, between 9 and 10 o'clock in the morning, I received infor mation from Mr. Jeremiah Lehane, of Reedy Creek, that he suspected that a man in his employment had been miAt away with ; he said that he was missing sinoe the Tuesday before; he requested me to accompany him to the place where the man lived, bat I was obliged at that time to go in another direction ; when I returned, that is about 6 ; o'chek the same evening, I went to the place mentioned by Mr. Lebane ; from information I had received respect- i ing the sudden disappearance of Nathaniel Oorth, the maa ; mentioned to me by Mr. Lehane, I directed a constable ; who was with me to take the prisoner John Hoare into custody, on' suspicion of having murdered him. Tha missing man had been found deaf in a water-hole the same day, before I arrived ; I saw the dead man there, and I identity the body shewn me as the same ; it was getting dusk when I first saw the body, and I did not notice any marks on the face ; bnt I afterwards examined the face more particularly, and found a bruise under the right eye: it looked like a braise inflicted by a man's fist ; the decease! appeared about seventy-two years of age. Thomas John stone, sworn, said : lama shepherd, and have for the last five or six weeks been living on a run of Mr. Lehane's, near Seedy Creek ; the prisoner was also a shepherd there, and the deceased was watchman; I knew hi™ by the name of 'Nat;' the three of us occupied the same hut; the de ceased was seventy-two years of age, and was infirm, bat never heard him complain of any sickness ; last ^usslar morning as I was going out with my sheep, the deceased came np and shewed me bis right eye, which was bruised; he said the prisoner had struck him ; I told him to go and tell Mr. Lehane that I had lost some sheep ; I then took my sheep away, and did not return till sundown ; when I came up to the hut I found it closed, and no one there; I went in, and presently the prisoner came in ; I asked him whether the deceased had been to Mr. Le hane's to report the lost sheep; he said deceased had told him I had said nothing about lost sheep; I suspected something was wrong; but to save myself from harm, I said nothing ; the prisoner said, ' I suppose he hu got his cheque, and is spending it;' the prisoner was more jovial and freer that sight than he was other nights; tha deceased did not return taat night, nor the next day ; tha prisoner remarked that his ghost would be haunting us ; he said on Tuesday night, ' I had the — down and would have killed him only the knife wasn't sharp enoHgh.' I have repeatedly heard the prisoner say to the deceased, '? Tou old ? , I'll kfll you.'r On Thursday rooming the prisoner called me towards the creek and pointed to a hat lying on tho ground, and said, ' There's the ? hat, he'i gone and drowned himself to bring me into trouble, became Lehane has a down on me ;' on the morning before, both the prisoner and myself had gone- over the ground when bo snowed me the hat lying, and no hat was meteor I must have seen it; on the Tuesday morning whentha deceased came np and showed me his eye where the prisoner had struck him, he begged me not to go away, far he said the prisoner would be sure to loll him that day ; I told bia not to be afraid : he was at my yard just above Oh water hole where the body was found; the prisoner was coming down towards this yard ; I was soon out of sight with my sheep, and I never saw the deceased alive afcet. Michael CorbyfAworn, said: I reside at the Chain of Pondi, bh4 am a sawyer; on Friday last, I received information that a man in Mr. Xjehane's employ at Nanny Burns' Creek had been missing for some days ; I went to Mr. Lehane's and reported it ; on the following day, I went t» the place where the missing man had been living, for the purpose of searching some water holes there for the body; I took a steel yard with me to serve as a grappling hook; I went to a hele about 300 yards from the hut, on the bank of which hole an old cabbage-tree hat was lying, which I recognised as the hat usually worn by the missing man ; I threw in the steel yard attached to a rope, and presently brought up a dead body, which I recognised as that of the missing man, whom I had known for about twelve months; the dead man was lying on his back, with hu hands clenched and his arms drawn up towards his shoulders; (te . hookof the steel yard had fastened into the left knee of the . trousers; one of hu eyes was blackened; I did not examine his body ; he had his clothes on, and could not be tern ? until dragged up by the hooks; he was between seventy and ; eighty years of age : I brought the body to the Five-mile . Creek; the hole in which I found the body, is from thirtyto 1 fifty yards from the sheep yard, and the watch box; it u i about fifteen yards long, five yards wide, and in the spot j where I found the body it is about three feet six inches | deep: a green wattle bush hangs over the spot where 1 9 found the body ; at the end of the water-hole nearest tie |] yards the approach is quite easy; the body wasejior«erai g yards from the end ; the water is quite stagnant ; orar tie f| Bpot where the body lay, the bank is somewhat steepon. a each side; on tfce side nearest the yards, the bank u''*^ 1 mm were in n level piaco jiust kuuj£ «*w m*0 ?? -™» t upper part of this bank has the marks, as I believe, of human feet upon it, but the level of which I have spoken has no marks of footsteps; if the deceased had gone Aero this broken bank, I feel sure that he would have oaftel with his feet tho level place which is moist; the water at the end nearest to the yards is quite shallow; Idontsee how a man's body could have floated down »lfig17j water- hole from the shallow end to the deeper; me BMM Ihe deceased when I went to the water-hole, was lying awm twenty yards from it, William Lyons sworn, deposed: l an alegaUyquaunedmedicalpracu'tioner, of New South walw, I have made a post mortem examination of the --oiT/°r lying at this house ; I have examined the trachea and (to bronchi ; there is no frothy matter or mucus in tnem , » opening tteeavily of the chest I found that bothlunes tm occupied it ; on removing them, the posterior lopes w» found to be very much congested; on pressure, ttwTg*'S tated healthily, and a quantity of frothy mueus was forcea out of them ; the cavities of the heart were wrvtumj contacted : the stomach contained a quantity ofTj™,,; the other viscera presented a noraialappearance; extsmau/ the skin presented a shriveued-up appearance; ^vrl no contusions of the body except an eeohynwos ^of the i ngni eye ; the appearances are quite compatible wim aeam 17 drownmg; thelppearsnees of the lungs «nd stomachy metobeuOTethatttfo was not extinct *l««thabo4yTO submerged; tho viscera was not decomposed ; there aiew external marks of violence which of ^^'SkS account for death. The prisoner was oonamited te itaWJB trial at the Circuit Court, at Goulbnin, at such ume as iw Attorney-General may appoint, for the 'wilful ''''Vo; Nathaniel Gorth. The prisoner is a youn|? man barely a years of age. ^_ Bc8HFrBES.-Thisis,we might almost, *?-**£% cedentedly unusual season of the year in winch teM » to nportbush fires, yet for the last few weeks several uw ocenrredto differSt'dii^^ °^ZfZ intensity and magnitude has oempjotely oonsumMJ^ herbage and bruaEwoodon an extensive tact, ?*»»»g en theGoBlburn Eoad. It continued huming »r '^ deys— infaot wedoubt if itbe yet completely esttBgiUMW. Gowfttfm Argut, October 81. 