GHOSTS. From the Spectator December 24.) I Witv ghosts always haunt Christmas, in every shape both literary and literal, it is not very difficult to explain. Mr. Dickens, and story-tellers in general, always put them by instinct into their Christmas books, and when they are not in our books they are pretty sure to be in our memories. The season of substantial feasting throws the imagination back on pallid thoughts and the most strongly marked anniversary of the year fixes our minds naturally enough on forms that can never be connected with it again. There is a natural link between merriment and the dread lest at the end of all things should come a state of degenerate, insubstantial, shadowy existence, such as the past, and the forms of the past, assume even in the most tenacious minds as the long years , gradually I steal away' the detail, the colour, the outline, the reality'. Ghosts are for the most part folded memories galvanized into life, moving amongst us without contributing anything to the general stock of life and power. This is at least the top or they excited during that old heathen dream of a dim spectral existence, a state of joyless and pain- less melancholy, willi intangible bodies, faded senses, and a soul consisting only- of sick regrets. Achilles in the Elysian fields was but the pallid image, left on the memory of Achilles on the plain of Troy. To this di enry conception no doubt something has been added to make the ghost of Christian ages. Everlast-, ing pain itself is a positive colour when painted on this terrible vacancy. Hamlet's father becomes less terrible when he speaks of the terrors of his prison-house than while he stalks about a mere faint' semblance of the past. The ghost of Christian ages combines pallor and emptiness with a certain intensity of evil, or suffering, or despair, which makes him, however, less terrible. Still, the terror of ghostly thoughts remains chiefly in the sense of loss and the atmosphere of death in life they carry with them. We fear the phantom of anguish more dum its living fea- tures the impalpable shadow of remorse which is said to hover over the scene of a crime more than the actual criminal-the ethereal face which shines a moment in the moonlight and vanishes away more , than the real countenance of which it is the image. ' Nor is it merely- die spiritual character such Visions , assume which gives them their terror-for children never read tales of angels, or of fairies, or other fanciful spiritual agencies with any of the awe which they feel for ghosts. It is the thrill attend- ing the supposed change of state from the bodily to the phantasms which strikes them with alarm-noMhe spiritual state itself, which for beings created and known only under that form of existence would be r accepted as easily as any- other. The peculiar shrink ' ing which ghost stories excite m children's and he ' some mature minds is due to the peculiar combination they present of the familiar and the unknown-the complete transformation of the conditions of existence 1 which death is supposed to introduce, while leaving the impression on the eye unchanged-the sense of a gulf between this state and the other which dies out a line, and muffled sounds, and creates the confusion between our own faded memories and the phantoms ? which seem to act towards us from the other side. It is not merely our ignorance of the laws which govern disembodied spirits ' i which creates the alarm, but our ignorance of those laws in the case of beings whom we have been accused tomed to think of as obeying the same laws as our own. The shiver ghost stories cause is the shiver of i kinship with beings that are supposed to have passed (through a marvellous change. It is not the mere i tenacity, but the vacuum whence so much has disap- peared the awe of disappointed sense and memory, wondering, where so much is changed, how much may remainder some start of surprise with which groping in the dark in a familiar place we come on some unknown open trap- door, and feel that we dare neither grope further nor recede it is not the apprehension of what is wholly new, but the far more startling apprehension of an unfathomed change of law in what is old. Such ghosts as these, the true ghosts which haunt the imagination, whether they haunt the earth or not seem to be perishing out of our modern life. Whether it be the law of " natural selection which is disposing of the old ghosts, and superseding them by the spirit rapping, knot-untying, ungrammatical, "ill-spelling ghosts of to-day, which have no" shadows for the memory and no spell for the conscience or the heart, for who could feel awe of a ghost that uses nicknames; drops its h's, and is otherwise open to the sting of polite sarcasm or whether, as we suspect, the ghostly fevers and ague of life are being prevented much as small-pox is prevented, by vaccinating us with a more animal' and milder form of the same disease in the shape of the materialistic spiritualism, is we cannot tell; but it seems certain that the" ghosts , of today are much less impressive, much less ghastly', much less serious, much less remorseful, much less dramatic, much less human than the old ghosts of whom we have been speaking. Let us forget them for a few minutes to recall the mingled mental and moral awe a true ghost story should excite. One point which shows conclusively that it is not the mere spiritual condition, but the shaken imagina- tion caused by the great change of condition, the immeasurable transformation of state, which startles us in a ghost story-, is the greater evenness attaching to the stones of fetches, or second selves visible while the first selves still remain in the flesh, than even to ghost stories. The German story of the student who fought a duel with a spectre, who, when he dropped the cloak from his face was seen to be himself, always strikes a fresh hearer as one of the most ghastly in existence. ' There is a story in Mr. Owen's book of a rescue at sea accomplished through' the apparition of a passenger by a ship in great danger of perishing in the cabin of the captain of another ship many miles distant. The apparition in the presence of the mate wrote "Steer nor'-west" on the captain's slate, and then vanished. The captain made the mates and all his crew write the same words on the other side of the slate, but none of the hands writings at all agreed, and he put the ship north-west as an experiment. In two or three hours they came up with a dismantled ship frozen to an iceberg, and with a living crew and passengers. One of them was recognised by the mate as the apparition he had seen in the captain's cabin, and asked to write " Steer nor'-west", on the other side of the state, the writing was, so completely identical that he could not himself tell which he had just written. The story adds that he had been in a heavy sleep at the time, and had! awakened with a very strong, impression of a coining relief, an impression which he had communicated to the captain of the distressed ship. This story has nothing in any proper sense dreadful about it. Yet it produces, so long as you yield your- faith to it, the peculiar startled thrill of a ghost story almost as complete)', if not more so, than the most terrible legends of corpses reanimated by friends. The peculiar homeliness of the circumstances the supposed test of the hand- writing-the ' involuntary character of the seemingly voluntary act-the physical results to a dream-the foreboding which pencilled itself in the imperative mood at a distance of many miles-all till you, while you can believe them, with such a profound sense of unknown chasms in life opening at your feet that the shiver of new and strange possibilities ' vibrates through you. ? ' There is an admirable ghost, too, in a moral 'sense a ghost who really reflects die sort of pallid fears which lie dormant in the conscience in a little book of these stories, published expressly for the present Christmas. "For more than a hundred and forty years, " he says to the young lady to whom he appeals, " I have wandered in utter loneliness, having no intercourse even with spirits like myself. The external world is a blank to me, with the exception of two or three places the scenes of the crime for which I suffer this slow for time to.... Imagine yourself in empty space, deprived of the faculties of seeing, hearing, feeling, and smelling, and you will be able to com- prehend what my existence is, except when I am in these rooms and in one other place." That is a genuine ghostly idea, combining the blackness which overcomes the imagination with the intensity- which stings the conscience, expressing the evanescence of all things except the worm that dieth not, in a more perfect form than almost any ghost story we know. In the old ghost stories, too, there is usually a reflection of that law of' remorse which bids the conscience go over and over with mechanical accuracy and unceasing pangs, the details of past sins or crimes. Night after night the curtain draws up in the haunted room for the rehearsal of the crime ; the phantoms of the innocent victims or spectators take their places once more on the old spot, the conspira- tors go over the details of their intended crime, the poison is administered or the dagger plunged into the victim, the daughter of horror rings again, and so the ghost ggon bigamy A fact a pictorial form of the monotonous play which nee i eyes, still on the stage tile our course to di "sniff howitzers tonight, mdpurerhfe lhMew.ZS",jr thrilling in such ghostly like , S f>° image so powerfully the Pro which connections with intensity of feeling spent upon a land I . unfruitful world of sh shows J hV slim er LlTa L f,ne us is due to the mere su Lection of 1,1 doomed to play a tragedy to vnc^ftWgl ft of centuries there is sometime n iturally^m c ' n in the fancy of so much empty seen t effect that pace without audience night after 1, be his at absolute as that which calls up the moonlit "m In Misses out the st us It is the mixture of hollow Ts with law the obedience of shadows to rule It is (my where ph intonm are thus set to refresh his memory of empty T ,tc concerns human crime lest the trace of it should ever be wished missing 176" not but impress the prison action in it it would not do so in tins were not 1 sort of SM above pier Isle of Z 1 hiuliiiL income with which best 1, we'Uc ! to } T and hollow hues of its own pet thought What makes us shudder at is the sense that weourschis vic- capable of such "costly toils of occupy in our eh Circus perhaps centuries with nothing bruised! part of a single act and constantly remine on colours for he benefit of no eye 111 earth or heaven" V ghost of the old kind represents to us I spent part lysol and the day is of the paralysis is always in" us The new ghosts are impious spirits which play it cats cradle 01 romp and they have no means of us whatever If the old ghosts are to he super ceded defeat disembodied humanity is degenerate whatever may be the case with the living generation' 