DOUBLING CAPE HORN. About midnight, when the starboard Watch, to which I belonged, was below, the boatswain's whistle was heard, fol lowed by the shrill cry of "All hands take in sail! jump, men, and save ship!" Springing from our hammocks, we found the frigate leaning over to it so steeply, that it was with difficulty we could climb the ladder leading to the upper deck Here the scene was awful. Tfae vessel seemed to be sailing on her tide. The main-deck guns had, several days previously, been run and housed,, and the port-holes closed j but the lee carro nadeson the quarter-deck and forecastle were plunging through the sea, which un dulated over them in milk-white billows of foam. "With every lurch to leeward the yard-arm ends seemed to dip in the sea, while forward, the spray dashed over the bows in cataracts, and drenched the men who were on the foreyard. By this time the deck was alive with the whole strength of the ship's company, 500 men, officers and all) mostly clinging to the weather bulwarks. The occasional phosphorescence of the yeasty sea cast a glare upon their uplifted faces, as a night fire in a populous city lights up the panic stricken crowd. In a sudden gale, or when a large quantity of sail is suddenly to be furled, it is the custom forthe* First Lieutenant to take the trumpet from whoever happens then to be officer of the deck. Bat Mad Jack had the trumpet that watch, nor did die First Lieutenant now seek to wrest it from his hands. Every eye was upon him, as if we had chosen him from among us all to decide this battle with die dements, by single combat with the spirit of the Gape—for Mad Jack was the saving genius of the ship, and so proved himself that .night, I owe this right hand, that is this moment flying over my sheet, and all my present being lo Maid Jack. i. . The ship's bows were now butting, bat tering, ramming, and thundering over and upon the head seas, and with a hor rible wallowing sound our whole hull was tolling in the trough of the foam. The gale came athwart the deck, and every sail seemed bunting with its wild breath. All the quarter-mas terr, and several of the forecastle-men were swarming round the double-wheel on the quarter-deck. Some jumping up and down, with their hands upon the spokes^—for the whole helm and .galvanized keel were fiercely feverish with the life imparted to them by the tpmpest. " Hard vp the helm!" shouted Captain Claret, bursting from his cabin like a ghost, in his night-dress. you!" raged Mad Jack to the quarter-master " hard dorvn—hard down, I say, and be d. d to you." Contrary orders! but Mad Jack's were obeyed. His object was to tljrow the ship into the wind, so as better to admit of close-reefing the top tails. But though the halyards were let go, it was impossible to clew down the yardei, owing to the enormous horizontal strain on the canvas. It now blew a hurricane. The spray flew over the ship in floods. The gigantic masts seemed to snap under the world wide strain of the three entire topsails. 41Clew down! clew down!" shouted Mad Jack, husky with excitement, and in. a frenzv, beating his trumpet against one of the shrounds: but, owing to the slant of the ship, the thing could not be done. It was obvious that before many minutes something must go—either sails, rigging, or sticks; perhaps the hull itself and all hands. Presently a voice from the top exclaimed that there was a rent in the main- top-sail; and instantly we heard a report like two or three muskets discharged together: the vast sail was rent up and down, like the Veil of the Temple. 'J his saved the main-mast; for the yard was now clewed down with comparative ease, and the top men hid out to stow the shattered canvas. Soon the two remaining topsails were clewed down and close reefed. Above all the roar of the tempest and the shouts of the crew was heard the dismal tolling cf the ship's bell (almost as, large as that of a village church), which ; the violent rolling of the ship was occa sioning. Imagination cannot conceive, the honor of such a sound in the night-: tempest at sea. "Stop that ghost!'' roared Mad Jackaway, oneof you, and wrench off the clapper !" But no sooner was the ghost gagged, than a still more ;«ppajliiig sound was hei&i;<-~the rolling foamfio of the heavy fhot. which, on the gun>4eckj had broken loose irom the gun-racka; and converted that part of the ship into an immense bowling-alley. Some bands were sent down to secure them, but it was as ?mueh as their lives were worth. Several were maimed; and the midshipmen, who'were ordered to see the duty performed, re ported it impossible until the storm abated. The most terrific job of all was to fori the mainsail, which, at the commencement of the squalls, bad been clewed up, coaxed, and quieted as much as possible with buntlin.es and slablines. Mad Jack waited some time for a lull ere he gave an order so perilous to be executed; for, to fori this enormous sail ih.such a gale, required at least fifty men on the yard, whose weight, superadded to the weight of the ponderous stick itself, still further jeopardized their lives. But there was no prospect of a cessation of the gale, and the order was at last given. At this time a hurricane of slanting sleet and hail was descending upon us; the rigging 'was coated with a thin glare of ice, formed within the hour. " Aloft, mainyard-men! an(l all you maintop-men! and furl the mainsail!" cried Mad Jack. I dashed down my hat, slipped out of my quilted jacket in an instant, kicked the shoes from my feet, and, with a crpvfrd; of others, sprang for the rigging. Above the bul warks, (which in r a frigate are so high as to afford much protection to those on deck) the gale" was horrible. - The sheer force of the wind flattened us to the rigging as we ascended, and every hand seemed congealing to the icy shrouds by which we held. <f Up, up, my brave hearties!'' shouted Mad Jack; and up we got some way or other, all of us, and gapped our way out on the yard-arms. " Hold on, every mptherV soncried an old gunner at my side; he was bawling^ at the top of his compass; but in the gale he' seemed to be merely whisper- | ing, and I only heard him from his' being right to windward of me. But his hint was unnecessary; I dug my nails into the jack-stays, and swore that nothing but death should part m? and them, until I was able to turn round and look to windward. As yet this was impossible; I could scarcely hear the man to leeward at my elbow; the wind seemed to snatch I the word from his mouth and' fly away with them to the South Pole. All this while the sail itself was flying i j about,- sometimes catching over our heads, j j and threatened to tear us from the yard in spite of all our hugging. For about | three quarters of an honr we thus hung, j suspended over the rampant billows, which curled their veiy crests under the | feet of four or five of us clinging to the | lee yard-arm, as if to float us from our place. Presently the word passed along the yard from windward that we were ordered to come down and leave the sail to blow, since it coald not be furled. A midshipman, it seemed had been sent up ! by the officer of the deck to give the order, as no trumpet could be heard where we j were. Those in the weather yard-arm managed to crawl upon the spar and scramble down the rigging; but with us, upon the extreme leeward side, this feat was out of the question j it was, literally, like climbing a precipice to get to wind ward, in order to reach the shrouds ; be sides, the entire yard was now encased in ice, and onr hands and feet were so numb that we dared not trust our lives to them. Nevertheless, by assisting each other we contrived to throw ourselves prostrate along the yard, and embrace it with our aims and legs. In this position the stun' sail- booms greatly assisted in securing our hold. Strange as it may appear, I do not sup pose that, at this moment, , the slightest sensation of fear was felt by one man on that yard. We clung to it with might and main; but this was instinct. The truth is that, in circumstances like these, the sense of fear is annihilated in the unutterable sights that fill all the eye, and the souads that fill all the ear. You become identified with the tempest; your insignificance is lost in the riot of the stormy universe around. Below us our noble frigate seemed thrice its real length—a black vast wedge, opposing its widest end to the combined fury of the sea and wind. At length the first fury of the gale began to abate, and we at once fell to pounding onr hands, as a preliminary, operation to going to work; for a gang of men had now ascended to help to secure what was left of the sail; we somehow packed it away at last, and came down. About noon the next day, the gale so moderated that we shook two reefs out of the tonsails. set new courses, and stood' due east, with the wind astern ..— White Jacket. 