WAITING FOE THE BEIDE. Cooling your heels in a vestry is about as tedious a way of passing the time ns man can know. More tedious-for me, however, than for Stephanus, for Stephanus is bridegroom, and has plenty to think about, whereas I am only groomsman. - Yes, to-day my friend Stephanus leads to the hymeneal altar Fanny/ the lovely and aceompliahed diughtor of B ank' do Blank, Esq.: and in bis.anxiety not to keep that fair lady waiting, Stephanus bas; dragged nae down to the'cburch'lull half-sn-; hour too soon, end is how wearing out the time and the parish carpet by walking about the vcs'ry in a state of nervous trepidation pitiful to behold/ We are waiting for the bride. Now, lam accustomed ta these things.. It is not the first time by many that I have waited in a vestry upon a business like tho present don't misunderstand) me, I mean only as second; never, never as principal-soT am merely bored ; but Stephanus, the hero of the day, is, of course, painfully ott YOUS, and, well bo may bo. It ia not calculated to calm a bridegroom's feelings to be told by tho pnrish clerk-a man of icy composure himself-r-that " tho men are always the nérVoúsést ou these occasions/' nor for the beadle to suggest that "a mouthful of water would do a power'of good." Stephanus is a man of hasty temper; a parish derk is always an irritating creatare; all the better feelings .bf a man's nature incite; him to assault a beadle whenever practicable,I j so I interfere, and in playful mood desire of Stephanus his opinion as to the advisability of being married under chloroform. ' Stepha-., nus's wrath, diverted from the officiais by thia sally, is at once directed against me; and advising me at any rate to. try not to make a. [ fool of myself, he resumes . his walk-, indig* .nant. Of course,'were a reasonable creature to give me so offensive an answer es that, I should consider it neoes'sary to take the' matter up ; but as a man on the very verge of matrimony can scarcèly be looked upon in that light, I smile insignificantly at the beadle, and stroll into the church; I there observe, what I have often noticed at wed- dings before, that many of. the pe we in the immediate neighbourhood of the communion; table are filled with¿ women, most oí them; middle-aged, bot some older, and aorae few younger. 41 Who are those people in the pews there ?" I inquire of the beadle. " Well,, sir," says the beadle, " if they ain't your party"-- " Certainly not," 1 interposed hastily. " Then," continues the beadle, '' they're people BB takes a inteteat-a general interest in matrimony. We always has plenty of'em at every wedding." A general interest in matrimony 1 Here" is ""leroi for philosophical reflection. What kind of per. sons can they be who take such a general interest in matrimony as to attend strange weddings for the mere pleasure of witnesBing the ceremony ? So I call Stephanus, and to divert his thoughts, point out to him the middle-sgod occupants of the pews, give him the beadle's answer, and thoa ask him what kind of people he supposes them to be. " What kind of people 1" replies Stephanus in a savage tone, the presence of these uninvited witnesses seeming to displease him highly ; " why broken-down bridemaids, of course.'' * * * Arid yet I confess to myself-for Stephanus, like the poor craven bridegroom " Young Lochinvar," says never a w^rd, bot betakes himself to a side-aisle, which he paces more like the miserable ghost of a beadle than the happiest of men-I confess to myself that there aro a few things even about bridesmaids that I could wish reformed. I could wish, in the first place, that they would not come up ia such numbers as to fill ono's house, and compel the proprietor to sleep at an hotel. But let that pass. I could wish that they would not make such a terrible fuss about a wedding ; and that they would not consider the bride ani themselves as the only important personages in tho badness I could wish that they would not make a point of reminding yoj, by every word, look, and gesture, that the whole sex is doing you on enormous favour in allowing you to marry one of them. It is not generous to keep you so constantly in mind of the obligation under which yen He ; if, indeed, it be an obligation of which, however.-But that point I will not discuss. I could wish that they wtuld devote tho days immediately preceding the wedding to some other amusement than that of pertinaciously snubbing every male thing that approaches them. We don't need to be so suspiciously watched, upon my word, we don't. We have no wish to sit upon bonnet, boxes ; wo have no evil designs against the bride's veil ; we have no intention of maliciously destroying bouquets. What 'he actual advantage of having such flimsy useless.things moy be- But that would bring on quito another question. I could wish, too, that they would talk of the bride in a different, manner. I don't want to put it .offensively, but to me it is nauseating, absolutely nauseating. Why on earth do they always call her "poor thing ?' Why never mention her name without appending " Poor dear?" Poor dear Fanny, indeed I It strikes me that poor dear Fanny may consider hcrsolf very fortunate. What more would she have ? Stephanus is a decidedly good looking man six feet in his Blockings-fine head of hair good average sfiot-first-rate with the gloves -awima like a fish-hits well to square leg. What more would she have ? The man's a paragon. But that's the way with bridemaids, I will be bound that the bridemiids of that pre'ty little beggar.girl who made that undeniably good, match with King Cophetua called her " dear poor thing," and bade her "never mind, but try to keep up." Try to keep up I Now, did anybody ever know a bride who didn't keep up? I never did. But, there appears to be a de- lusion rooted in the brides »aid mind that it is rather the thing' for a bride to exhibit 'symptoms of faintness, and that it would be only nice of her to faint clean away. Why, I remember an oocasion when a bride astonished me by her. composure. She stood perfectly upright, as firm as a rook, and sur- prised everybody by the calm and ready way in which," to use a theatrical phrase, she managed the buuiness, and by the clear and audible voice with which she disposed of the' gag. ' The ceremony over, she imparted to her ladies in the vestry, that really being married was not such a. terrible affair after all, dashed off her signature, took her husband's arm, and walked to the carriage in a style that won the commendation of all the pesr-jpeners, and sent the beadle into such a stupor of admiration that it was necessary to nudge' him twice in order to draw his a'tontion to his fee. Now, mark f Wilfully shutting her eyes to facts, a bride, maid, in answer to an approving observation of mine upon the calmness of tbe bride, said that I was quite mistaken about tho matter ; Jane's calmness was merely forced calmness* poor thing (observe, *' poor thing" still).; that she was the most nervous creature possible ; and tbat at one pert of the service, namely, when poor Jant-'a eye first caught sight of the rug, she (the bridemaid) WSB on the point of springing forward with a scen'.-bottle, as she feared for a moment, that it waa impossible for, so excitable a girl, s s dear , Jane to keep up any longer ; What enormous nonsense is this I Is there anything to be ashamed of in going with calmness through a ceremony to which thèse1 yoting ladies have been looking forward for years! After sp many dress rehearsals- every wedding in which a lady figures as bridemaid is merely a dress» rehearsal for' her own-it would be .strange indeed should the. ac re a break down, - Why ?rich pride in .showing that they are the weaker-sex? Why flaunt their infirmities before our eyes in this fashion ?. It is so absurdly unnecessary ; for, as I have just Said,4 brides never do break down after alf. A. bridemaid, may declare that her principal was on the point of fainting, and may assura you that shV; herself'is certain, to faint¡ when she is married ; but let' that! important event come round, let her once don the bride's voil andorange blossoms, and the pretty little brag, gartmore not faint for, the life of her. She 'tùrhB^dra^ëÀ'at.'the last moment, and behaves as abo should, simply because she can't scrow up her courage to behave as she should not.. \- After thÍ9, the appearance of faintness that is sometimes assumed in the vestry is a mockery, it imposes upon nobody ; and if it ta affected, as I suppose it is, in ordergto make op far tho failure et the altar, and io redeem tho bride's bboraotér in tho eyes of, her, foridemaids, it is simply labour thrown away. After failing on the stage, it is only provoking derision to act the part again in the green-room, lt is no good, ma'am, at ali. 1 Your ladies may press round you, and tender their services officiously; but,, bo assured, though thoy affect sympathy, they ore no more imposed upon than the pew« 'Opener, who of course is incredulous to the last degree. ' I Gould wish, again,' that bride -maids were not all so .wondrously alike-in behaviour, of course, X mean. Tho Fates forbid, oh/ Emilia I that I should compare tby roses and lilies/thy s'arry eyc9 and rsven locks,' with the saffron complexion and hair like the iringo to bed-hongings of- but I abhor personalities ; or thy Juno-like contour, Faragona, with the corporeal twists of hut b(shrew me if I name her. No; what, I mean , is, that in their conduct, in their mode of being bridemaids, so to: speak, they arc all so much alike, j The reason is plain enough. They copy each other on. principle. They go in for servile imitation. ' Indeed, BO exactly does one! bridesmaid resemble another, so perfectly j similar are these six or eight at St. George's \ to those six or eight at :St. James's, that I j feel; convinced-though I have never yet been able io lay my, hand upon it-that there is some; hook on the subject, "Bcidemaid's j Manual," some " How to be a Bridemaid," which contains a table of rules. In no other, way. can I account for.the astonishing same? ness, the strange want of originality, thu is characteristic of bridemaids. There must be some work of tho kind, and the rules contained in it must be much like these ;r-rR.ule . .1.-The bride's party 'having arrived at the . church, the bride is conduoted by hor father to the altar, where the bridegroom awaits her. . The bridemaids follow the bride closely.; and directly the bridegroom comes well within range, it is the duty of every bridemaid to fix upon him the most reproachful glance she can summon up. i et her. picture to herself the dragon that used to feed upon blooming young virgins ; let her do her best to fancy the groom the »aragon, and the bride the unfortunate virgin ; 'let her get all that into her eye, end if the ^fellow do not, quail- Rule 2.-The principáis being paraded in front of Ibo altar > rails, the first bridemaid hands her bouquet to }he second bridemaid, and leaning gracerully forward, arranges a fold in the bride's veil, second bridemaid then returns the - bouquet . to the ..first bridemaid, intimating, as she doeB so, by a glance of commendation or an ap- proving nod, that the first bridemaid bas only done her duty, for that the ceremony could not possibly had been proceeded with had Mho veil remained where it was. I have known ceses where the first bridemaid ar- ranged the veil without handing her bouquet 'lo ber companion. This mode of proceeding, ' howover, is not only less graceful than the forme;:,, but it also argues a spirit pf selfish- ness on the part of the first' bridemaid; a greediness, of glory strongly to be deprecated ; a desire to draw the eyes of the spectators upon herself alone, to the exclusion of her sister bridemaids. Rule 3.-The service fairly commenced, it must be the earnest effort of every bridemaid to look only at tho bride ; to indulge no vain curiosity as to 'how tbe bridegroom bears it; to let no Stray glances wander towards the groomsman; but by fixing the eyes ' and the attention solely upon the bride, to assist her in keep- ing up. This is no idle conjecture of mine. I was informed . the other day, by a young lady fresh from a wedding, that Sophia, the first bridemaid, bad never taken ber eyes off poor Clara from the beginning of the cere m on y to the end; this in atone implying that, in the speaker's estimation. Sophia was a model bridemaid. On the other hand, I have often heard some such remark as, "Did you eeo So-and-so staring all about the church, and scarcely looking at poor Celia? Wasn't it cruel.'' I must corjfess that to look at the bridegroom must be a great temptation. If he is nervous-as he generally is-«hat a triumph fdr the sex I That great strong man, his -very beard quivering with agitation, mumbling out bis words in jerks like a boy who doesn't know his lesson, and ail on account of that little girl ! "What a triumphant thought 1 what a compli- ment, to woman 1 what a proof of the su- periority; of mind to nutter ! A great temp tation; no doubt ; but Duty says, Look on'y at :'th'e bride;'; and Taste adds, that if the bridemaid can, manage to do this through her tears, it will add greatly to the eflebt-will produce much the same pleasing result tba; wordsi spoken through music produce in a melodrama. ;Rule 4.' The ceremony over, tho bridemaids follow the new-made wife to the vestry, and then and there kiss her, one , af"tei* the other-the first bride maid .leading off, the second following, and eo on. Kule 5. After the salute, .the bride- maids form up, cluster, bouquet fashion, about tho bride, sb that she may stand, like a little queen in, the midst of her court, tn receive the kisses and congratulations of the outsiders-ber father and mother, and people of that kind., The bride then signs, and is put into her carriage, and the bridemaids' duties eire! ended. They have accompanied their friehji to the very verge ol tho honour able «otate ; they have watched her cross the stream they.are,, not yet, to cross; she has paBBed over to the care of another than they ; lot lhe'rri'riot linger, but'take their wedding carlands: and their-scats, and ¡away to the breakfast/ At this Btage of. the proceed- ing's, the ' marvellous similarity that I have mentioned : as existing vanishes away.; The .woman may be seen; through the bridemaid. They now admit of'"classifi- cation,,and'may be fairly divided, I think, into three seta, os thus : bridemaids engaged, bridemaids disengaged, and bridemaids dis. appointed. With regard to tbe firBt' of tbeee classes, ..* remember, ;at my cousin ; Agnes's wedding-breakfast,,1being surprised, j at i the a'lepce of Chancer Jones. He-a fellow' of most excellent fancy-he who is wont to set the, table in ..a roar-sat quite ohapfallen ; n)t a word i to throw at a dog; not ono half- penny worth of wit to. nn intolerable deal of champagne., 1 What cou'd be the reason? Was he ill? uWas Jie in love? ¡W'as'hejin debt ? ; No. j Cbauocr. Jones was sitting between- two ..bridemaids engaged. Ob, she': is ' sparing ; of, her smiles, is the;, bridemaid engaged 1 ; Her. , manner is i distant 1 .''to . ;a : .painful < degree Shoiexercisèshôho of her charms upon you j sho wishes you lb,'.' understand" that' shej is another's ; she is sq confoundedly anxious to give you no encouragement; that at times ehe is simply rude. The greater her beauty the moro ii'terly 'ex'inguisbing 'is,,this behaviour, Your efforts to get up o pleaeant'an'd easy con- versation become more and moro fèoblo ; and at Inst'you, sink buck in your chair,1 silent, crushed, hopeless ; feeling- as' if you wore sitting on the th id y side of un iceberg, or OB if like the wedding-cake, you had been lately frosted -i but not with sugar. Her reasons for this conduct are, sound enough. , She is'engaged to another, and she wishes io save , you tho disappointment which you will assuredly. suffer in case you fall in love with her-a misfortune she too hastilyconsiders certain, unless she puts some restraint upon ber fascinations. Accordingly, she restrains them so carefully that her smiles, like dogs in the doj days, are all muzzled, or led by a string ; and her glances ore so cold, and her answers so curt, thu', far from falling in love with her y ousel f, you are lost in astonishment that another would haye had the audacity to do so. There is but one way to thaw the coldness of the bride maid engaged : lead her to suppose that you are yourself engaged, or, still better, married, and she will be a different girl in a moment. But give me class two. Tho bridernaid dis- engaged is tho bridemaid for me. Oh, at the wedding-foast may my lot be cast beside her ! She is in tho land of hope. In he case there is no jealous Intended to be thought of The world is all before her where to chooso. I care not much how old alic is, or how young-within reasonable limits. I've known them precociously fascinating at fif- teen ; I've known them maturely enchanting at five and twenty. I oare not whether she is dark or fair, tall or short. 1 take them BB they como, and am thankful. I prefer them pretty-greatly prefer, them . pretty-but I have known so many who were more indeb- ted to the mind than to the face for their charms that I lay down no positive rule about this. T hey are all delightful at the wedding breakfast. There is some'hing about th it banquet, particularly if her neighbour, at table has taken soma part in the marriage business of the morning, that Beoms to exhi 1 irate a bridemaid strangely. li's not pshaw, no J - it's not the cham- pagne. Thai's a vulgar error. 1 have sometimes thought that it might be the cracker bonbons, but even they are not sufficient explanation. There is much that is exhilarating, no doubt, about those lively confections ; but these exalted spirits are due to something nobler, something higher than crackers, It is ibo feeling of having beenjju close proximity to something rather dreadful ; of having, watched the, passage of a.friend along a,perilous path, that the bridemaid her- self may have to tread some day ; it is this, combined with the consciousness-of white' lace and bouquets, and the possibility of her- self being the next victim; it is-this.that does it. It is the joy of the second at the breakfast after the duel ; danger, past, honour satisfied, and nobody killed., The third, class is that of the bridemaids disappointed. These, are bridemaids who have been engaged, tu' whose engagement, through their own faul', or through the perfidy of mao, bas been broken off. They must be looked upon as a sort of bridemaid widow, and, hs Buch, must bo regarded with apprehension, and talked io with caution. They, combine, to some ex tent, the rather matronly air of the bridemaid engaged with the youthful vivacity of the bridemaid disengaged, and aro" remarkable no less for their urbanitv to the male sex, than for their asperity to the younger and prettier part of the female. They are disagreeable from (heir too apparent desire to be agree able, and, though often pretty, unattractive, because of their too great eagerness to attract. Like the serpent tribe, they seek to fascinate their prey with the eye, and, like the cat tribe, love rather to catch their victim by sut prise than by hunting him fairly down. They affect to have acted ns bridemaid at but one marriage before in thei. lives, yet tell you the minutest particulars of a dozjn. They tell you that speeches have quite gone out at weddings, but try to incite you to propose the bride and bridegroom. As breakfast pro* ceeds, and the champagne ciroulatos, they hint io you that man is deceitful. They pull crackers eagerly, and laugh bashfully at the moto. Atter pulling one with the man on the other eide of them, they whisper to yon that he does it so awkwardly. If they have pretty hands they show you a ring on their finger .that,was given them by a dear friend non- tro more. ' They then sigh, and bite the corner of their handkerchief; after which they hiDt to jon again that man is perfidious. They like lobster salad, and eat' enormously of cre»m and jellies. When breakfast is over the} wonder what people are going to do now, a' the same time evidently knowing all about it. As they le.ve the room with the rest o' the ladies, they look back at you and shake their head. , Tit s means that man is very perfidious. They ore of bridemaids the moat dangerous, lite mo t subtle-'. But hold I Here comes the' bride's party at last. Here, they all come. Now, Stephanus, my boy, collect your faculties, take s good long breath, and be ready. There she i?, the heroine of tho day ; and, upon my word, now I come to look at her, there is a good deal to be said for you, stephanus. You are not entirely without to ne show of reason on your side, KtephanuB, Sho really ÍB very pretty, and the W-ddibg- dress suits her capitally, and uncommonly becoming is the rather frightened loak-and ,yet not exactly frightened, either- with whioh she advances, leaning on Blank do Blank, Esq.'s arra. And very well be look«, tao, the old boy. And -. Ab, there you are, my beauties I I see you! I've been thinking of you.- Two, four, six, eight ! Very good 1-very pretty, indeed ! Ah, Araminta ! my love, . it will ba f..r you to have bridemaids of your own, nex week, won't it ? Yes, he's just behind you in one of the pews, No, 00. . Don't look round now. Think only of poor dear Fanny, you know^ Do os you would be-, done by, Ara- minta j as you would be done by, my dior. Ab, Cecilia, T nee you h You're nervou«, Cecilia; you, can't deny it., .Your srnilo shows it ; smiling always ; shows iv Well, ! it's your first experience ot. bridema^dthip, and you look very nice ; upon my honour, you do. But don't smile, my pet ; behave like Constantia; She' doesn't smile. ' On the oontrary, she looks so serious, that Î. BUS peet Bhe is thinking of tho .time when!alie thought fihe; was -- "Pearly behoved, we ore gathered together-Oh; I beg your pardon, I'm sure-" gathorod together. Yes.-Chambers's Journal. ? >? 