NEWS BY THE MAIL (pHOlt A ORDO- -CORRESPONDENT.) \- London, June 1. Yesterday London took its holiday It was its Saint's day-the Derby day ! It was as fine as Derby days always are, and the concourse of people on the Downs was greater than ever. The railway now runs right up to the course, and the facilities for getting down are now so great, that " Everybody" goes. The attractions of " the road " are as potent as ever, and despite the multitude who went by train, the whole way was thronged with vehicles of the usual bolero genous description, from the four-in-hand to the costermonger's cart. The race on this occasion was honored by the presence of the Prince of Wales, and a kind of national interest inasmuch as the horse which stood first in the betting was the property of a French- man, and it was known that he was resolved on avenging Waterloo by boating us on our own ground, and carrying away the blue ribbon of the turf. The horse with which it was supposed that he would have to contest the race was Mr. Chaplain's Breadalbane, but the event showed that he was no match at all for the French horse. Twenty-nine horses came to the scratch, and after at least a dozen false starts they got away. The race was run in two minutes forty-five seconds, and Gladiateur won easily by a couple of lengths-the horses placed second and third having been but little noticed in the betting. A large number of French gentlemen were present to witness the triumph of their compatriot, find they were fairly beside themselves for joy when his success was assured. The value of the stakes was £6375. One of the horses that was to have started threw his rider during the delay at the post, but otherwise the day appears to have passed off' without mishap. The news of the capture of Jefferson Davis seems to have excited universal regret here. Nobody believes that he could have had anything to do with Lincoln's assassination, and every one feels that his execution would be " worse than a crime, it would he a blunder." It seems a pity that an easy and broad road was not made for his escape. There is a little paper called the Old, printed on tinted paper, and only milking its appearance during the fashionable " season." It is got up by the Hon. Evelyn Ashley, the Premier's private secretary, and other young exquisites in the public offices who have plenty of Government paper to scribble on and of Government time to spare. It publishes all kinds of scraps about the official and fashionable world, and is generally a day or two in advance of the dailies in its intelligence. Last week it announced that a fresh claim had been made by the American Government on us for losses caused by the Alabama. This put all England Lu a flutter, and though the Globe on behalf of the Foreign-office, and the Daily News on behalf of the American Minister, immediately gave an emphatic denial to the story, people persist in believing that there was something in it; and of this they were still more persuaded when Lord Palmerston, being questioned in the House on the subject, gave a very ambiguous reply, clearly for the sake of shielding his young proteges. The truth, however, has now been elicited. The American Government has been in the habit of sending in details of the losses occasioned by the Southern cruisers as they came to their knowledge, and some such details has been furnished to our Ministers lately, but the question of English liability is just as much postponed, till quieter times may render its calm discussion more agreeable, as it has ever been. Yesterday Mr. Gladstone went to Chester, to address a meeting there on behalf of his son, who has become a candidate in the liberal interest. He declared himself in favor of a " considerable extension of the franchise to the working classes," and regretted that the country did not seem prepared for such a step. June 3. The Princess of Wales gave birth to a son this morning at Marlborough House, and the public are informed that her Royal Highness and the infant, Prince are doing perfectly well." The Princess always takes her doctors by surprise. Yesterday evening she was at a concert in St. James' Hall. Her first son is now just a year and five months old. Yesterday the House of Commons ordered Mr. George Mitchell Morris, an attorney, to be committed to Newgate for forging signatures to petitions. This person was engaged by Azeem Jah, an Indian prince, who thinks he has some claims on the British Government, to assist in getting up his case, and when the matter was brought before the House by Sir Fitzroy Kelly, an astonishing interest in Azeem Jah was found to have developed itself suddenly in a number of London parishes, from which numerously signed petitions were presented on his behalf. The committee on petitions made some inquiries, and of course discovered that the signatures were almost all forged. People had been employed to procure them, at the rate of a penny for each name, and they were manufactured wholesale. The vote for public education passed last night almost without remark. It now amounts to very nearly £700,000. The whole number of children under inspection is 1,133,000, and they get a better education than in any other country except, perhaps, America. The Bank of England, on Thursday, reduced its minimum rate of discount from 4 per cent, to the unusually low rate of 2 per cent. The reduced tea duty of 6d., instead of 1s. per lb;, came into operation on Thursday. The grocers are just now vieing with each other in the cheapness of their teas professing to make a reduction of 8d. in the pound ; but this will not last long. The Board of Trade returns for the four months ending April show a decline in the value of exports as compared with those in the corresponding period of 1864, of more than two millions. This is the first return for two years which has failed to show a steady increase in our trade. The public debt of the Federal States, as estimated by an American commercial authority, will amount at the end of the current financial year, on the 30th June, to 3000 millions of dollars, or more than £620,000,000. Mr. Gladstone's speech at Chester has naturally made much impression, The Times says that he is evidently girding himself up for a forward movement. In the course of his speech he said that he understood by " Liberal principles, trust of the people, qualified by prudence and by the principles of their opponents, mistrust of the people, only qualified by fear." The distinction, says the Times, goes to the root of all controversies on the basis of representation. - June 16. Parliament is hasting to its close. The estimates have open scampered through, and morning sittings for dispatch of business have begun. The 10th of July is now named for the rising of the Houses. Honorable members are anxious to get the elections over, for the delay increases the expense, and the ministry are in a (hurry last Lord Palmerston should die before the new Parliament is chosen. The last attack of gout has made terrible havoc with his lordship's frame. It is quite pitiful now to see him shuffle into the House with a perfectly bloodless, ghost-like face, and his whole body shrivelled and wasted, He cannot remain long together in the House, yet when necessity arises he can speak, and speak with spirit and vigor. The lobbies of the House of Commons are now always crowded ; electioneering agents are very busy there, and it is quite edifying to see the ardour and empressement with which the members greet any of their constituents who may happen to be wandering about. The man whom at the beginning of a session they would have totally for- gotten and pass without a look they now seize by the hand, shake them most affectionately, are so delighted to see them, and taking them by the arm, lead them away to have a little confidential talk. Important business has this week been transacted. The Lords have read the Union Cbargeability Bill a second time, by a large majority, and the bill for abolishing the special oath quit ed of Roman Catholic members was passed through committee in the Commons. This gave occasion for a remarkable speech from Mr. Disraeli, no began by acknowledging that " the gulf stream of common sense' had softened the acerbities of religious controversy, and made extreme men of very little consequence ; people did not now discover a Jesuit in every Roman Catholic, Oaths were little worth ; no oath or declaration would make the throne or the church a whit the safer, but he nevertheless desired that the Roman Catholics should continue to take the oath which engaged them not to make any attack upon the Established Church, because if they ceased to do so, the nation might be alarmed, and a panic created which would act unfavorably on the Catholics themselves, and hinder the progress of religious toleration. This speech completely confounded his own party ; they could not tell what to make of it at all, and they received it in solemn silence. The proposal of Sir Hugh Cairns to retain so much of the oath as required the Catholics to do nothing to injure the Established Church was negatived in a full House by 17 votes. But the House has never been so crowded this session as it was on Wednesday afternoon, when Mr. Goschen moved the second reading of the Oxford Tests Abolition Bill. This measure originated with young Oxford-the party in the University who are led by Professor Goldwin Smith. They dislike all theological tests, and they want to throw the University thoroughly open. At present a dissenter may take a B.A. but not a M.A. degree at Oxford without signing the 39 articles, because all MLA's are members of convocation, have a vote for members, and may impose a veto on acts for the regula- tion of the University proposed by the Hebdomadal Council Last year the bill was in the charge of Mr. Dodson, the member for East Sussex, and he dealt with the subject very gingerly. He did not take up the question on broad grounds, and professed to be willing to accept any alterations in committee. He thus got a majority in the first instance; hut on the third reading the bill was defeated by a majority of two. Since that time Mr. Dodson has been made Chairman of Committees, and he has had to hand his bill over to Mr. Goschen, one of the members for the City of London. He is one of the most rising men in the House, and takes independent views. In moving the second reading of the bill on Wednesday, The boldly avowed that his object was to nationalise the Uni- verses, and to repudiate the claim of the Church of England to any special rights and privileges there. Whatever the consequences of adopting this principle might be, he was prepared to accept them. For his own part, he was ready to throw open the Colleges as well as the Universities, but that was not within the scope of the present measure. The rejection of the bill was moved by Lord Robert Cecil, who changed his name while he was speaking. When he rose he was Lord Robert Cecil when he sat down he was Viscount Cranbourne. The eldest son of the Marquis of Salisbury had died in the interval, and Lord Robert, his brother, was now heir apparent to the peerage. The late Viscount Cranbourne was about forty-five years of age, and had all his life suffered from mental derange- ment. Mr. Gladstone, who voted for Mr. Dod son's hill last year, declared that he could not vote for it now, after the speech of Mr. Goschen. He was ready to let dissenters take the M.A. degree without admitting them to convocation, and he would give them every facility for erecting halls in Oxford, but nothing more. Mr. Gathorne Hardy, who will be Mr. Gladstone's opponent in the coming election for Oxford University, also made a strong speech against the bill. Ah ! said Mr. Vincent Scully, I see that this is the Oxford tests bill in more senses than one ! The opponents of the bill insisted that it would revolutionise the University, and entirely destroy its religious character, leaving it only a great secular school. After a long debate the House divided, and 206 members voted for the second reading, and only 190 against it. The hill was therefore read a second time amidst great cheering. There will probably be no time to proceed further with the hill this session. Last week was disaslrouslysignnllud by a series of terrible railway accidents, two of them on following days from the same cause, and such a cause as we may trust will never again be permitted to arise. A Great Western train passing Ilednul in Shropshire, and the daily " tidal train bringing passengers from the Folkstone packet-one of the best appointed trains in the kingdom-passing Staplehurst in Kent, were thrown off the line by faults in the rails, which were under repair at the moment the trains passed. In the latter case two whole lengths of rail were actually removed, and no proper means had been taken to stop the approach- ing train. At this point, too, the line passed over a bridge, and the consequence was that the engine and most of the carriages took a leap into the brook below, and all were smashed together in the water. Fourteen persons were killed on the spot, and a great number most seriously injured. Amongst those killed were four or five young wives ; one, a solicitor's wife, was returning with her husband from her wedding tour. Mn'-Charles Dickens was in the train, but he was not hurt. Yesterday the Messrs. Barry, well-known and wealthy wharfingers, were put on their trial at the Central Criminal Court, for de- frauding the insurance companies, by making false returns of property destroyed at their warehouses, in two fires, which occurred suspiciously close to one another. The judge held that there was not sufficient evidence of conspiracy, and they were, under his direction, acquitted, but of the attempted fraud there could be but one opinion. London, June 26. The business of Parliament, so far as the lower house is concerned, is virtually over, but the upper house has a good many bills to dispose of. The session will, therefore, certainly close at the very beginning of July, and every body is absorbed by the elections. But there is to be no white- bait dinner this year ! What this astound- ing omission means no one can tell, but all sorts of surmises will grow out of it. Can the British Constitution survive this breach ? As the clay of contest draws near, an astonishing number of candidates are making their appearance, and almost every borough will be fiercely fought. Every year increases the number of men who have a sufficiency of wealth and education to make them passable as members of Parliament, and then ambition is quite equal to the occasion. The conservatives have started two candidates for the city, and as Baron Rothschild is by no means popular-being very seldom in attendance -it is probable that one if not both will be returned. The election for Edinburgh, wheiethotvvo whig members are opposed by men of a more advanced school, will create a good deal of interest, and with that for the Oxford university will probably excite most attention, Oddly enough, There have been three elections this week, one at Coventry, to supply the place of Sir Joseph Paxton, whose death all England mourns, and two in the west occasioned by the spite of that eccentric gentleman, Mr. Bernal Osborne, who, hearing that his constituents at Liskeard were getting tired of him, suddenly threw up his seat, and compelled them to elect somebody in his place Coventry was contested by an Irish professional lecturer (a great radical) against a respectable conservative merchant, and the lecturer actually got 2000 votes, though he was beaten by a majority of 300. The Great Eastern moved from her moorings at Chatham on Saturday, with the Atlantic cable all on board. She is now at the Nore, and will begin her voyage in about a fortnight. The promoters of the undertaking are very sanguine of success ; a message of 100 words will be accepted as proof of success. The Prince of Wales, ever amiable and desirous of doing all that may seem to be required of him by his station, is continually engaged in inaugurating all kinds of exhibitions and undertakings, from dog-show up to an hospital. He has been worked very hard indeed this season. The other day he assisted at the opening of the Langham Hotel, one of a series of immense caravanserai now being erected in London. This one is at the top of Regent street, and is a magnificent pile of buildings. The papers have given elaborate details of the immense kitchen, the tiers on tiers of bedrooms, the grand saloons. Nearly every railway terminus has one of these monster hotels, but those at Charing Cross and in Langham Place outdo all others. The guests are hoisted up to the seventh floor, or that on which their bedrooms mayhap to be, by a test for the fatigue of stairs would be unendurable. But these lifts are, not unalloyed relief they have their dangers. At the Grosvenor Hotel, this week, the machinery of one of them gave way, and down it came, killing the person inside, and so injuring a footman standing at the bottom that he is since dead too. It is said that suites in the Langham Hotel have been taken by ambassadors and bishops. It is hard to understand how they should pay if it were not so ; it is to be hoped that Englishmen will not acquire a taste for hotel life, as a large number of Americans have done. While these evidences of wealth and provisions for luxury are rising in some parts of the metropolis, the poverty and wretched- ness of others remains unabated. Bethnal Green continues to furnish dreadful tales of misery. Typhus has its constant victims there, but one particular spot has of late been so deadly as to attract especial notice, A coroner's inquest was held on some of the victims, and the witnesses who came to testify to the wretched condition of the houses left the inquest room only themselves to sicken and die. A medical man said that his remonstrances with the agent, who collected the rents, on the un drained filthy condition of the houses were totally unavailing, and it came out that they belong to a nobleman reputed to possess great wealth! There are crimes against society, of which society itself can take no cognizance, but of which Provi- dence will surely be avenged. 