The Race on the Mississippi {Frota Zoâa "Brand," Bu IheAvihor qf lÙKOvmxjadôd to Jlaercy."' i . It required bot a glance to proro to ono whose lifo had- been partly apont in the neighbourhood of tho Mississippi, that a race between two rival steamers waa in progresa-a race at the very moment when a follow» being was most probably lying between life and death t for faint and stunned though she bad been, a senso-of thé progross of timo had not been wholly absont from Zoé, and ¿he could realise how short a period sha had spent in insensibility. She stole softly to the balustrade or balcony guard, and looked obont nor with a mixture of wonder and alarm, whioh was well juttißod by tho «ceno bofore hor. Within a distance of somo fifty yords a towering steamboat of the same build, and apparently about the same dimensions as the John C. Calhoun, was running a mad race with that majestic vessel by the light of the broad May Moon. A temporary madness seemed . to hove taken possession of evory individual-man, woman, and child-on board tho boat whioh so latoly bad been lying »till BS a pointed Teasel in tho quiokly coming twilight. Before she had well got hoad-way again,- after receiving, on board- the exhausted boat's crew, with the apparently lifeless body they had re- covered from tho water,.the noiao of approaching paddle wheels was heard tn the distance . and soon-for the speed of the advancing boat appeared to bo prodigious a large vessel, which provod to bo a now one, called tho Magnolia, shot ahead of' tho John O. Calhoun. Now tba captain of that celebrated boat was not a man to tako such an ; affront coolly, especially as thore had.boon a considerable amount of ohsff and bontörrbotwöen tho two commanders provious to tho lnunohing'of tho Mag- nolia. Ho was a smart man, was Captain Grigg, fond of his liquor too, and a little givon to strong language. But tho mon liked him as a boon companion j and, morsovor, ho took care to lot hiB bar out to a "gontleman" who thoroughly understood bis business, and gavo thom with a pleasant jost their monoy's worth of alcohol. With the ladies, too, Captain Grigg was a prime favorite, for ho was a bachelor with a " sparking" kind of woy with him - and besides, ho let thom do pretty much as they liked on board, novcr interfering with their amusoinonte, and taring his quarter-dollar to thom at " brag" or " pokor" Uko a man. In any othoro ountry of tho oivil iied world it would bo but natural to suppose that tho gentler passengers on board tho John C. Calhoun would bavo been too much'ogitatod by tho loto tragical occur- rence tó admit of their craving at that particular junoturo for any fresh oxoitoment. Not so, howovor, do the transatlantic ladies yield to tho amiable weaknesses inci dental to their »ox t and when the fair creatures iu orino* lino and muslin beard[the ohallengo to tho'fight, they rangod Cliemsolves with ono accord in the order of battle, urging their gallant captain to uland firm, and hold Iiis own against tho bold Magnolia, and hor now high pressure engines. -Nothing loth waa Captain Grigg to nocept the ohallengo odored by tho rival commander through his speaking trumpet from tho hurricane-deck of tho boastful Bteamor. Tho order loudly given to hoop on moro fuel was gleefully oboyed, and soon Hie John Of Calhoun was almost doubling hor formar rata i of speed. Tho male passengers, with brains heated by incessant visits to tho bar, became excited to a pitch of apparent insanity by tho noise, and the speed with whioh the steamer toro ber way np stream in her mad roos against the rival boat. On they wont, sido by side-, scarcely a yard to show in favor of either ; while beta ran high, and awful language was hurled from tho Ups of captain, arow, and passengers against the adventurous craft which dared to measure speed against the far-famed, and hitherto unoonquored, Mississippi monarch. When Zoo left her cabin the excitement waa at its height. Tho wotor between the racing vessels waa foaming wildly as if with iago at this disturbance of ire tranquil flow towards tho ocean ; whilo the toll funnols of each rushing vessel (blanched to a white hue hy the beat of thou* fires), seemed bonding to theraoo with life- like onergy. To describo tho shouts, the screams, the oaths of men, and tho wild oyos and gestures of the woman would be impossible ; and o vor all theso shone, pale, calm, disdainful, the cold faco of the grand ** lessor light" set thero to rulo tho night but not tho ungodlika spirits lat loose to oloud its glory. - A few yards gained at lost I Gained by the noble John C. Calhoun, bot at the expense of what P Of every stick of fuel remaining in the wood shed, when the - vain strife commenced 1 Then" poured tho onrsos forth in earnest, and foul words un-' meet to sound in women's ears thundered along tho crowded dooks, j" Sling yon to boll I" tho captain, shouted, " bring out tho chairs and tables ! Burn up the' niggers-cuss 'em-there'll bo fat and groase enough, thou to light a wick, if it was stuck in it," By the timo ho had finished this original remark, a dozen hands at least had brought oat from tho saloon, and helped to fling into the fire, the first articles of furniture on winch they could lay. their hands. Then suddenly sprung up the ferrent blaze once moro, and soon the gallant ressef recovered her lost ground, and even seemed to gain upon her adversary, " That's right, go abood f On with 'em,"r screamed tho captain 3 for what was tho loss- of well carved rose and satin wood, and what wore upholsterer-.' bills, when honour was at stake, and glory to bo gained or lost F On they sped, the water surging from' tho paddle-wheels, and every timber in tho strong-built boat seeming to groan beneath the pressure put upon it. On they sped beneath that clear and ghost-liko shimmer; and so light and daylike was it, that those on board tho Btotimer haring usurped tho Magnolia's station nearest? the river's bank could (strange as it may seem) see tho brilliantly- scarlet Virginia nightingales hopping on the branohos near tho stream. A quiot-looking, middle-aged man standing near the terriflod Zoe pointed ont tba birds to her. " As clear as morning about, ain't it now T" he said. " Seems all creation's riz, thinking it's daylight. Guess, though, wo can't get along much farrer this way. She's an old boat is John C. Calhoun j and if ber biler*" don't bnst right away, I'll-." But at that moment,- tho excitement become so intenso that words wore arrested, on every lip, for they wera within a dozen yards of tho Magnolia, and abreast of ber, and the water dashed from" each separate paddle almost mingling in tho space between thom, * * . But almost before sbo bad tima to speak tho inward question the steamer on the deok of which she stood had shot ahead ; and while Zoe's eyas eyes were still strained to obtain another glimpse of Seymour's moe, tho Magnolia, suddenly, and to tba un- mitigated surprise of everyone on board the John C. Calhoun, suddenly Btopped; tho shoats from hew thronged decks wera arrested as if by magic, and tho smoko which had tho moment beforo usnodin volume* from her over-heated funnels cleared away into the soft night air, leaving the boastful vessel lying liko a log upon tba water. " Guess sho ain't got no more wood aboard." u Speo she ain't mor'n a cord to take her on' to next landing." " Oalkolato they're a grain streaked aboard to-night." Those and such-like sarcastio remark» on tho Buddon giving-in of the rival boat wero accom- panied and drowned indeed by yells of triumph, with sounds scarcely human, intended to represent the crow- ing of cocks and other pwans, wherewith to celebrate tho victory gained by tho John C. Calhoun. 