LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. RE-OPENING OF THE WESLEYAN CHURCH T'als structure, having recently undergone consider able internal improvement and repair, was re- opened for the celebration of Divine worship on Sunday last, on which occasion the Rev WV. H. GEORaE, of the Goulburn circuit, officiated at morning and evening service. It was noticeable on entering the sacred building that the trustees had spared neither pains nor ex pense in renovating the church. A new ceiling of flesh-colour with three beautifully wrought centres in white plaster, gratuitously made by Mr J. Evetts and son, from two of! which depended hand some chandaliers;'the walls-of stone-colour lined with white; a very comfortable green-baize lobby, ornamented with brass nails, hinges and springs; f?e removal of the orchestra to a recess on the right of the lobby; an alteration in the design of the communion, made with a view to afford more ac csmmtn.datiou to a steadily increasing congregation; a very handsoie set of kneeling cushions for the communion, the materials being provided by special contributions by Mrs Mehegan, and the upholstery work being gratuitously done by Mr Lazarus; and, behind the platform, attached to the wall on either side of the vestry door, two very chaste bracket lamps in silver and glass, to light the reading desk; comprised the main alterations, and gave air of com fort and neatness to the place which must have been gratifying to all who beheld it. The morning service was attended by a crowded congregation, it being ditficult to find sitting accom modation for all; and the congregation in the even ing was likewise unusually large. Two very excel lent sermons were delivered by the reverend gentle man above-named, whose preaching very favourably impressed his hearers on 'both occasions. On Monday a tea-meeting was held in the church, which was attended by not less than one hundred and sixty persons, representing the various religious denominations in the district, and some of whom came trom as far as twenty miles distant. The ar rangements were excellent. There were three tiers of tables lengthwise, upon which was spread a plen tiful supply of the usual dainties provided for such occasions; the caterers in this instance being Mrs Clifton, Mrs Gale, Mrs Walker, Mrs Cooper,. Mrs Taylor, and Miss WValker, all of whom seemed to have vied with one another in the production of the choicest spread. During tea the greatest sociable ness prevailed, and pleasure was manifest on every countenance. The tables being dismissed and removed, the seats were arranged for the public meeting to follow, which was attended by many who were unable to be present at tea. The church was thronged even to the crowd ing of the aisle and communion. The proceedings began by the choir singing the hymn commencing "Before Jehovah's awful throne," set to the music known as ") Denmark;" after which the Rev J. CLIFTON, pastor of the church, called on the Rev Mr GEonRE.to pray. At the conclusion of the prayer, a piece called , Sanctus " was beautifully executed by the choir. The Rev J. CLIFTON then announced that J. J. Wa~VnIT, Esq., J.P., had kindly consented-to occupy the chair. The CliratnxAx, on taking his seat, expressed his gratification at the pleasing scene around him, the concord and Christian unanimity which 'prevailed; although he deeply regretted that his own church was not represented on the occasion, as the Presby terian was, by its minister, as well as the laity; and he sincerely trusted thait no spirit of exclusive ness was the cause of that absence, which he deplored. He begged to call on Mr Gale to lay before the meeting the financial statement. Mr Jons GALE then rose and after a few prelimi nary remarks read a statement of which the follow ing is the substance : At the beginninning of the p]resent year the account with the trus tees stood as follows:- Dn D s. d. Balance of accmunt due to Mr J. J. Wright ......... 20 2 0 )DuIe to Mr O'Neill on harnltoium nacount............ 8 2 0 Sundry explenses since 1802 .............................. CD 1 0 6 118 4 3 Ca. Proeccads of nn:.iversary in 1802 ..................... L13 15 0 Balance due t) Trust Fund ... £14 D 3 The trustees have pleasure in stating thant the gentlemaen named below Iave libernlly conscutel to forego their several claims, or, rather to present tile amounts as donations, viz, Iloantion fron .i. J. Wright, EAq., J.I'. ........... 20 2 0 Ditto froU M11r Sni-Inspector O''cill ............. 8 2 0 Ditto from t Mr Jollll Gale............................... 10 4 0 The liquidation of the old debt hiving thus been provided fbr, the trustees were thlereby encouraged to underlnake the pie. selt ihapror'elenlts; inud I ippeni l ta public generosity for aid to. walrds the expiense. Tihe ollowling is an apprusxinttte statileniut of aCCOnllt : 'iTo Expenditure............................................ £35 4 .0 By Collections on Sundiay ............ 13 12 Collection nt Public ?letig ...... 31 15 4 DIonationis--lr Wn. Davies .. ie 5 0 0 M r A. lraser ......... 0 10 0 Per AMiss Walker ...... O 10 O Salo of Ten tickets.................. 10 17 ( Ditto of iro:n:ongery ............... O 1 0 IH:f.procceds of .................. 25 1 0 ... 12 10 0 nalance due to Trust "Fund... £?2 14 0 As shown 'haove, anti ns agrced to bcetwc'l the Trlstecaslid Circuit Stie'arl s, oane~lnl cthl, procelds tf tli s iceetings is reserved, aund ?-.z..,,--?t.. ...1. .?..... 4 .. . ... . t? ,?.ht~ ht tn· .; To Cost of funlshing inilcter's residence, &eO....; £517 10 0 By S erlnl and ordinvry contrzhntlougJ33 8 0 llnlf.proceeds tcen-meeting, &c....; ]9 10 -0.... 45 10 0 allloaco duo to CircuRlit 1nd 30 0 0 The CnomR : " fy Foreign Streams." The first resolution, viz., That this ieetlin", obelieving the scripture, that "thli earth shlil he tilled with t6i. knowledge of the glory of the Lord ns' the waters cover the son i" nod that the preachin of thlle Gospel is the Divinely-.lppointed ueanus to that end; ihils with Joy mnid grriltitiule to Ahnight y God thui erilent tokens of success which fii?low the faithfull inistrations of tho niubissldors of Christ in the several sections or the Church militant,- was miovod by the Rev J. M nnr.v (Presbyterian) in an able and telling specob, charncturisod by its libo rality of Christian sentiment and m" -ly defence of the status and rights of Christian ministers of all denominations, which it was intimated had been called in question in some quarter of late. The re solution placed in his hands was exceedingly com prehensive; no mere speech could exhaust it or even do it justice. The number of uncopverted in the world was very great, and some might deem the preaching of the gospel but an inadequate means to accomplish the world's regeneration; but neverthe less the world by that simple means was destined to become the Saviour's possession. In the land of fox and land of bear, in the tropical and temperate zones, the banner of Jesus was yet to be unfurled. The noewer of the gospel was illustrated by the di viding of the Red Sea, and the overthrow of the walls of Jericho. The sin of this district was Sab bath-breaking and the neglect of public worship; and the fact was to be deplored. How should these fish be caught when they never came near the fllsher men's boats? .Ministers were the seedsmen; they didn't make the seed; they only sowed it, and were not responsible for the results. But. the conversion of but one soul was worth all their toil. His reso lution spoke of the various sections of the militant Church. And whilst he was ready to admit the claims of all, he would still maintain that there was but one true apostolie or tholic church throughout the world, and that was composed of converted men and women anywhere and everywhere. Bigotry exalted its church as the only true church; but the church of the first-born, the pillar and ground of the faith, was not known by adherence to Knox, Calvin, or Wesley, but by faith in Christ. There was good in all; Lots in Sodom, undefiled garments in Sardis. There ought therefore to be union of sentiment amongst all Christians as Christ prayed that all may be one. The wedges of difference that were being tried in some quarters to be driven in between the various religious bodies, resembled the well-known circumstance of two vessels being engaged, during the French wars, in deadly combat, in the British Channel one night, and when morning came they discovered the Union Jack flying at the mast head of each ;: and so when the light of the Spirit came, it would be found that these sectarian bickerings were altogether a mistake. The reverend gentleman here told an incident illustrative of the evil effects of sectarian prejudice. In a book not long ago he read of a little boy who heard his parents speaking bitter things against the Presbyteria is. One day thelittle fellow came in alarmed declaring that he had seen one of the wickedest things in the world. On being asked what it was, he replied a Presbyterian; and on taking his mother outside to see it he showed her a centipede. Mr Martin denounced such con versations, and maintained that all Christian minis ters were servants of God on an 'equal footi g ; and concluded an admirable speech by assuring the Wesleyan Church of his sympathy and love towards them, and congratulating them on the excellent im provements they had made in their sanctuary. Something, however, more than a church and minis ter was needed, and without which these would be as the wood, the altar, and the victim without the fire-the H1-oly Ghost was needed, and he prayed for his descent upon them. Mr JoaN GALE seconded the resolution, which;he said was so comprehensive, that tle~e was little fear in anything he might say of his treading in the foot steps of the able'mover. In the course of his remarks bespoke of the certainty of the fulfilment of the pre diction, and by apt illustration refuted the ideas that the progress of the gospel was tardy-it would soon cover the earth. HeI-I then dwelt upon the means employed. The Almighty has c'hosen simple means. H-Ie might, as at Sinai, in a voice of thunder have incessantly to the end of time declared his own gos pel, and enforced it; or the angels of God, a Gabriel or a Michael, :might have been com missioned to ride upon the tour wings of the wind with a trumpet voice declaring the glorious gospel of the blessed God. But no, the work was assigned to man, Moses and the prophets'first, then the immacu late God-man,- Jcsus, our Saviour, Brother, :Friend, On whom our hopes of heaven depend, and since that his Apostles and their successors to the end of time. And these successors were found in all sections of the Church. On earth some fancied that mitred heads and surpliced shoulders,andEpisco pal ordination, were the only genuine authority ; but without denying the true position and value of these, there were men elsewhere who were also " moved by the IHoly'Ghost to takeupon them the office and work of the Christian ministry." Some even doubted Paul's right to be an apostle : but be replied " Am I not an apostle? have I not seen the Lord Christ? ,re not ye tie seal of mine apostleship ?" And souls brought to God were by far the best proof of minis terial authority. " Gifts, grase, and fruit" were the requisite qualifications for the ministry apart from all else. The circles of precedence around God's throne would not be first of mitred heads, then, of robed clericals, and then of plain black codts and " white chokers" as they were derisively termed. But "they that turn many to righteousness shall shine as the stars for ever and ever," and be foremost round the throne. The speaker concluded 'by pdint= ing out the folly of sectarian strife, and expressing his Martin by the hand, he said," 'Sir, as thy heart is as my heart, give me thy band,' " thus from the ground of my heart do I feel towards all who love the Lord. Jesus Christ in sincerity and truth." The resolution was then submitted and carried unanimously. The Clnotn :--Anthem, ""Awake,"-after wliicdh the collection was made while the singers accompanied the harmonium to the piece known as "Kind words can never die." 'The Rev W. I-I. 'GEonaiR moved the8second reso lution.: That this meeting desires to record its lceasura in tile advont amongst us of nn additional minister of rcligion for Quelnbeyanl ecnuseo recognizing therein.n mlore adequate supply of ministerial labour for this portion of the Lord's vineyard, alrcndy " white unto harvest," and in a very pleasing and able speech, which was listened to with marked attention, proceeded to speak of the difficulty under which the -word was sown, dwelling- largely on the sower and his character, and on the " gifts, grace, and fruit" which were his essential quallifcations. These 'he was sure were possessed by the Rev Mr Clifton. He was delighted with the meeting and highly gratified by his visit to Qucanboyan, which he had often heard of religiously as an ice house, but he saw a different state of things that night. He had been animated by the Fpccehes of those who had gone before. He rejoiced in the evidences of brotherly love which he had seen. The rev gentleman then spoke largely ofbrotherly love; of all labouring for the same end ; ' and of the benefits of union, which he illustrated-by an allu. sion to flax, a single fibre of which was very weak, but which when spun into rope held the ship safely under control and guided her across the mighty ocean. Most of his intended remarks were now of no'use as the collection had been made And as the eve ning was far advanced he would conclude by praying for a blessing on pastor and people. Mr Jons M,'KIENZIE seconded the resolution, which was put and carried. The Clroca :-Anthem, " Poland." The Rev JonN CLIrTON was called upon to move the third resolution : Thlt, viewing with gratification the harmony and brotherly love reigning in our midst, this nmecting resolves t0 pray for the peace of Israel antd the prosperity of all who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity and truthl; and to keep the " unity of the spirit in the band of peace." IHe was truly delighted to see so many present, and to have the coSperation of other Christian ministers on the occasion. In helping to build up others, we helped ourselves. , He pitied the man whose soul was wrapped up in one sect. If he had ever gone around town saying to everybody " come to the Methodist church, and don't go anywhere else" should he show his Christianity. A Methodist bigot would be a degenerate Methodist ? He had no de sire to lower himself by such conduct; in so doing he would feel guilty of an ecclesiastical misdemean our; and he felt the same towards anybody else who might be guilty of similar conduct. He thanked God for the union prevailing at that meeting. True Christian liberality supposed, nevertheless, that we love our own best; and he shouldn't think much of the man who didn't love his own church more than others ; but that wouldn't prevent him from landing a helping hanul to others. The Church militant was one living temple, not many temples. lie was labouring to build the walls of one part of that teiri pie ; his friend Mr Martin another wall. But the temple would never be built, if, instead of going to the quarry for fresh stones, he were to be helping himself from Mr Martin's heap, and Mr Martin ta king from his. But if a stone happened to roll from one builder to another it was quite right to make use of it. He believed in unity, but not in uniformity. In a flower garden the flowers were neither of one kind or colour, and herelay the beauty: so in the Church of Christ, which was the garden of the Lord. It was generally the case, if you asked those whoclamonred loudest for uniformity, which church was to swallow up all the rest, that they answered, their own, of course. I-IHe would conclude by giving them an il lustration once used by the great Dr Beaumont, .o Christian unity. The diamond was known to be the hardest of minerals; neither fire could melt it, nor hammer crush it; but if by a chemical process a piece of its own body were separated from the rest, its destruction became an easy matter, for it was only to grind one piece against the other and it was quickly reduced to powder. So with the church. No outward force,-not even the gates of hell could prevail against it; but only let there be a separation of its integral parts, on:y let there be jealousies and sectarian bitterness, and then it would be " diamond cut diamond," and the effect would be disaster and ruin. Let us have unity; and he had much plea sure in moving the resolution. Mr TlrorAs SournwErLL seconded the resolution, which was put and carried. Several other resolutions were then put and passed, in thanks to the ladies who had provided the tea, the choir for their excellent services, and the chairman for his kindness in presiding ; all of which were suitably acknowledged. Prayer was then offered by the Rev J. MARTITN, and the benediction being pronounced, the meeting dispersed while the choir sang the dismissal hymn to the tune of " Blessing." A KIAoAnoo CHiAsE.-Last Saturday Messrs G. Soares, Kinsela, and Lenihan, ran down on Mr J.J. 'Wright's Glenburn run, after a most exciting chase, a very large male kangaroo. When hauled over by the dogs he siezed a fine young hound the property of Mr Soares, and inflicted on him a very severe gash, and would have ktlled him but for the timely aid of his owner, who coming up dealt a blow with a loaded whip which felled the kangaroo and rescued the dog. AssAULT CASES AT BUNGENDOn.E.-At the Police Court, Bungendore, on Friday last, Ann M'Donald summoned William Sherd for having assaulted her by knocking out a tooth, and loosening nmanyothers, also accusing defendant with hurling a profusion of inelegant adjectives, the publication of which would be insulting to ears polite. At the close of this case the parties changed places, William Shcrd charging Ann MDonald with assault. The complainants on both sides were unable to substantiate their charge, consequently both cases were dismissed, each, party paying their own costs.--Villiam Shcrd then com plained of having been assaulted by Thos. Murphy, Margaret Mlurphy, and Ann M'l)onald. This case arose out of the former, and was of a simila,'abusive character. The trio were fuiund guilty, and fined--. Thomna Murphy '20sand costs, and the two female defendants l0s each and costs. APPOINTMENT.-The bench of magistrates at Bun gencuoro nave appointelu J. A. wituiams Lto u puuuu keeper at that place, in the room of J. Kinsola, re signedr. There were three' other applicants for the otilcc. SCARLET FEVER.--,Tho children who were first at tacked with this malady at B3ungendore are now convalescent, but fresh symptoms are appearing in other families. The lhealth of Bungendore is rather indifferent at present. SIr Goddard has produced another cabbage weigh ing upwards of 82 lbs., which was sold to a neigh bour after being exhibited for several hours in 'Mr Dumner's shop, William-street. This cabbage has not yet been named botanically, and the seed can be obtained on application to Mr Goddard, through M'r. Gelding, the secretary of the Horticultural Society, or to Mr Goddard himself, Botany.-Emipire, Aug 9. A CRITrroAL CAse Fon A JunY.-On Wednesday last, on a trial in the civil court, his Honor Mr Jus tice WVise, in putting the case to the jury, said ", Gentlemen: As you will .have observed from the. evidence given by both plaintlff and defendant, each admits that he was guilty of deception. The plain tiff admits.tbat ho nacted dishonestly, and the defen dant admits that he also acted dishonestly; pleads that the plaintiff is the greater rogue of .the two. In fact, he says, ' I am a rogue, but the plaintiff is a greater rogue.' Gentlemen I leave the case with you."-- Eniire, Wednesday. 