PUES BYTE MAN 80ÏHEE* A Eoíreo was hold Inst evoning 'in tho Masonio Hall, tocelébrate-tho Union of tho Presbyterian Churches :in Now South'Wales. At half-pasfrsix, a largo company sat down'to toa. Tho threatening aspect oC tho sky, probably -prevented -somo who would otherwise have hoon present After tho social meal, tho chair was taken by tho Honorablo S. D. Gordon, who was surrounded on tho platform by many of the ministers ofrtho Goneral Assombly,-nnd other gentlemen, 'including tho Hov. Adara Thomson, Moderator.; -George Bowman, Esq., of Biolmiond ; W. Wnlfcor, Esq., lil',; tho RoV.Mosers. W.Siatyer and W.Kolynnok. The ohoir and tho nudionco sang togothor, 4he 100th Psalm, tho organ accompanying. Tho CHAIRMAN then repressed his anxious 4osire to .-see tho fruits of tbo union just accomplished. 'Bc Stoped this union would bo .ooo reality- that every ?mombor would feel it his duty to seek the good of all, mid that the union now accomplished, would boa pr-; zasnent ono. Ho, for ono, could never seo any just causo for. disruption in this colony^ but ho believed all! theso things would work togothor for good, and that Prcabyteraniam' would-now havo agroaror power for gocd, than if them had never buen .any disruption, (Cheers.) . ISho Bor. W. GBANT, of ShoalhMan, being called on 'by tho chairman, addressed 'tho audionoe on tho essential ? impórtanos of a revived piot.v, as ' a means of increased usefulness. Other motiven might excite to. increased activity in pursuit of temporal good ; but platy is sanctified 'bonovolonco. or bonêvolonco springing from spiritual orinciplos bonovolenco tbnt considored tho soul, and sought to promoto its interests hors and in tho futuce eternity. This wosdifleront to mero eoeulor philanthropy. Piety is indispensable to usefulness in its highest sense. ïho power of a church is tho aggregate pioty of the believ- ing members that composo it. It is a church'« piety, not its learning or wealth, which qualifies it for tho fulfilment of Ua mission in tho arorld. There aretides in tho.spiritual Ufo of churches. Time would fail him ts describe tho influences that lead to declension-such as irregularity, in personal duties, conformity to tho world.. Thoso brought deadness on tho church. When roligion was at a low ebb, it became thom to uttar tho prayer, " ftovivo thy work-tho work .of . graco-in tho midst of tho years" When such prayers aro answered, the masses aro moved, tho dead in sin aro awakened, and tho conscience of tho slumbering ia quiokoncd. A truly evangelical'church is ossontiatly evangelistic. A church holding tho doc- trines of grace «colis to show Ibo light to others. It becomes a missionary cliuroli. An ovangolical church which oxorcisos its evangolistio tendency' is thrice blessed-blessed in holding tho truth, blossod in com- municating it to others, blossod by tho reaction bf its own work. For ho that watoreth sholl bo wateréd himsolf. Tho maxim, "nb man liveth to himself," ii. truo of churches as well as of individuals. A church that contents itself with holding its own will not long hold its own. In churobos is awfully fulfilled tho words of tho'.Saviour:-" From him that hath not shall bo taken away oven that which ho hath." ' If an evan- gelical church fails to maka efforts to reclaim thc moral wastes of.tlio .world, it will bo rejected and languish. If a church is merely a scaffolding in tho eyes of tho world, and not n houso in tbo oyes of Ood, to train up children for Him, thoro is danger lost God should in anger throw down tho scaffolding. " The true preserva- tivo against going back is to go earnestly forward. Tho cliurchos of tho East had loft thoir first love, had ref uso;! to repent, and their candlestick had boon takon away, and they were monuments of Divino judgmont. A revival is to bo brought about« not by busUo and activity merely ; not by judioious ohuroh nrrangoraonts morely; not by zealous labour- of tho young onlarcod . communion rolls only-how? 'Tho am answer of God is '.'not by might,' nor by powor, but by my spirit saith tho Lord.'.' < When a Aro is about to expiro, haw is it to bo rovivod ?-not by heaping up fuol, .but by lotting in tho air. So tho breath of spiritual lifo must bo gi von from God. Lot tho prayer bo uttorod : "Como from tho four winds, O breath, and broa tho on theso slain, that thoy may live." Tho answer to this prayer would bo a rovival. AB whoa in this land, on . a sultry Dooombor day, tho plants and ilowors are drooping, what is wantod is tho south wind, fellowod, as it generally ie, by refreshing showers, which causo th o flowers to givo forth their perfumo; so whon souls aro withered by tho flory winds of sin and temp- tation,' thara is need of tho breath of tho Divino Spirit to awaken tho souls of mon and revivo the drooping graces of Christians. Whon tho spirit thus comos, tho ohuroh is no longor viewed morely as a State engine, to maka, men good citizens, but as ah institution for training souls in fitness for hoavon, teaching her children to dony ungodliness and worldly lusts, and to live soberly, righteously, and godly; toaohing thom, also, to fear God and honour tho King. This would bo tho best celebration of their union-r-a tokon that the church'of their fathers ¡B to bo called '.'Hephzibah," and this land " Beulah." (Cheers.) > Tho choir then sung on anthem-" O praise God in his holiness." Tho Rev. THOMAS OIUIO, of Tamworth, next ad- dressed tho mooting. Ho said ho seamed to occupy tho position of Ailing up tho placo of some of his brethren who woro exhausted .'with their oloquonoo at tho meetings of the General Aseombly. A countryman of h's, an Irishman, was nskod to perform tho port of ¡Borneo, ia " i{gw)0Q and Juliet," and whoa Jullot ox claimed, : « Horneo, I Romeo, j wherefore "> art' U»oi Romeo?" Iii« oountrymao replied, "because Ul« otho man's sick." (Laughter.) ile wished thom jo/ of th anion; he'hoped that peace relight bo within thei walls, and prosperity within their palaces, lie hope< tho motto of their church would bo that of the sluruj youths in Londonderry, who in the days of tho siegt brought out "meg"'and drove back tho foe, to tho cn of "No surrender." (Cheers.) Ho endorsed every senti' ment of his respected friend, afr. Grant, na to th< necessity of revived piety. He had very soon to go on board the steamer, and must say good- bye (Cheers.) The choir then sang " O what beauty.* The Rev. W. SLATYKR, of Redfern, next addressed the meeting. The last timo ho had the pleasure of meeting tho chairman in such a position, was when tho union, now happily accomplished, was only in pros- pect, and much was said of the benefits expected. Now they wero entering on a new career. That for which some of his friends there had prayed and laboured most earnestly, had been accomplished. He was not a Presbyterian. He was not far off from one. (Hear, hear.) Ho did not mean that ho was nearer to them than the brethren with whom he was " associated. But there was in his denomination a growing sense of tho need of more combination among them. They wanted more connection than a rope of sand. Bo thought also the old Presbyterianism was some- what tamed down ; and they wore nearer than they used to be. His idoa was that they (the Presbyterians) were Congregationalists, only they interwove between all their congregations a sort of ecclesiastical network, which he and his friends had not happened to adopt. He did most cordially congratulate them upon tho accomplishment of their desiree. And he believed all his brethren shared tho ' same sympathies in their behalt, Ho trusted there would hereafter be a union ia this colony somewhat more comprehensive than that already accomplished. It was not right for us in this new colony to take tho fashions-as the ladies do wearing bonnets quite unsuited to the climate-and to say hera we will have just tho «ld thing over again. Our motto should bo "onward.'"-' If we would flinn away tho human and firmly grasp tho divine, there ii mo reason why all dmonrrnatfans should not appeal together, not only ca the platform, but in' that prca work which demanded all their energies. If tho Pres ? byterians were to go on and prosper they must havi tho element of pioty insisted on by Mr. Grant Thoj had got rid of their cid divisions. They had felt thal tho things that 'divided them were a roproaeh and a hinderaneo. Kow Ahoy were gone, and they wen nqw burying those differences. " Thoy aro dead ; they shall not livo ; thoy ore deceased ; they shall notarisoi" (Oheers ) Kow moy wasted to havo infused into all their action, tho spirit poured dawn from «n high, They must invite it SEuoh doponded on themselves. Ho had been thirty-five years in the ministry, and ho had learned to seo how Httlo are tho things that divide those that love oar Lord Jesus Christ, ono from another. They must have anelomcnt of spiritual power from on high. Did not ibo TÖvicw of past life nwaken shame and self-reproach at tho question- " Aro ye not carnal, and walk as raen f They walked among the dying; They saw the workers of iniquity busy at their trade. Were thoy animated by pity and Christlike sensibility P Ho trusted their onion as servants of Christ would maleo them morevmcious to carry out tho blessed work of Christ; and that in their new career thoy would go on smoothly, keeping all the wheals of thee machinery oilpd with tho grace of God i that thoir snood might bo ever onward with a glorious aooossion Kif rate. Ho would not regret if they hy thoir piety so encompassed the land as to absorb all othors up. His '.earnest. wish was " God give you groat success." > (Oboers ) _ ' W. WAIKER, lisa.., M P., said he had great pleasure in meeting thom on such an occason. This meeting had an object. Ho understood thora wera two .objecta.; first to colcbrato tho. : union in a social manner; and secondly to appeal to their, pockets for means to Bend to Britain for additional ? ministers. Ho rejoiced at the union. Ho formerly neuer «snooted to livo to seo tho union accomplished. And now as a loal-henrtcd Prosbyteaian ho was flllod with joy. As to tho second objoot, it WOB nbßoluloly necessary to send rbi tho homo country Cor ministers*. But they must endeavour to got rid of tho provnlont nation that Presbyterianism was identical with Scotland.. Thoy ought to train a native ministry. .. They must moko I tins an' Australian Church. But at nresent it was necessary to pot minister» from homo, for kia own part, bo would willingly.cohtributo as far os Iii« means would permit for such a purpose, no was delighted to meet thora all this evening. (Cheers.) Tho choir then sung "Ó Lord ray God " The Hoy. H. S. PATEOSO*, of Pyrmont, noxt addressed tho meeting. Ho congratulated them on tho success and harmony of-tho first GoncraT Assembly of tho Presbyterian Church of NowSouth .Wales. Thoy.woro now called'on to ongsgo in tho work of tho Christian Church. That work was great .and arduous. But tho church bad a divino! missiouj and she. was not un- willing to enter on that work. Her work was to maintain tho, ordinances of religion whon they havo boen - established, and to extend thom to places whore they, havo not been established. TJioro wore upwards -of a dozon localities in this colony wait- ing to receive Ministers-somo from the very beginning would bo self- supporting; churches. . But whore wera "the mon to:sond forth P Thoy had no Divinity Hall or iCollego in Sydney. Thoy must look across tho sea to ' the schools of tho prophets in their fatherland. They know tho men thoy required wcro thora. But they mast send for thom, lt' was not fitting they should como at tiioir -own charges. It had been determined, to send' for ten minis- ters, «ad £1000 would . bo required for the Çurpose. And-was £1000'much among so roany? 'hey knew their duty in this respect.' 1 It was a good causo-a glorious causo. When ho was . a divinity student in tho Hall of tho United Presbyterian Church, ten years ago, tho young men thought they ought to supply tho ministrations of religion to the thousands of peoplo who were emigrating to Australia. Ho and somo of his follow-etudents wont through tho country appealing to tho people, and in ono session raised £500, through which somo ministers were sont out to Victoria. Was it too muoh to ask them to raiso £1000 to bring out ministers for tho good of their own frtonds in tho interior ? Ho spoko in tho name of their Lord and' Master, who commanded his disciples to go into all tho world, nnd preach tho Gospel to ovory creature. Their duty was as clear in this matter as tho duty of their ministers. Tho gold and silvor aro tho Lord's, and thoy were callod upon to contributa to His cause a portion of what Ho had given them. Lat them think of what tho Saviour had dono for them. Thoy woro stewards of tho gold and silver they 'possessed. He appoalod to them on bohalf of porishinir souls. Unless thor oui plo) cd tho moans, thoy could not expect tho dcsuod results. It was for thom to do thoir duty, othorwiso tho blood of perishing souls would rest on thoir hoads. If they could real iso tho value of a human soul, they would not bo slack in this causo. Let thora think bf tho loss of a soul, and tba glory and blessing of n roul saved-for ovor saved. Ho callad on thorn to do what thoy would do.1 quiokly. Wbatsoovor thino hand finde th to do, do it with thy might. At tho commencement of this now era, let thom como forward and holp their ministers and elders in tho work of ex- tending tho ordinances of tho Gospol. Thora was a subscription list on tho tablo bcforo thoir chairman. Lot thom uso the means. Paul planted, Apollos watered,Godgavo tho increase (Cheers) Tho Hov. Yv. KELYNAOK said ho carno thora as an expression of his joy, and of tho hearty good will with which ho wished thom many happy roturas of the day. Somo would havo them boliovo that tho pulpit was shorn of its power in theso days ; that it must Bharoits influonco with educated proloctions and a popular press. This, ho conceived, was a mistake. Nothing could ovor bsa substituto for tho labours of thc Christian ministry. Tho philosopher could nevor suporsodo tho ovangoliet. Tho press - could . nover 'supply tho Slace of tho living proaohor appealing to tho heart; linistorial fldolity is eminently essential. It docs not do for a man who stands up for tho Crown rights of tho King of lloavon, and charges mon with rebellion against tho Holy Ono, to speak as if ho must needs moko an apology for his mossago. Tho world can sleep on boforo incapable mon, who havo not tho courage to bo faithful. (Hoar, hoar.) But tho : careless and ungodly aro oowad by tho majesty of Christian man- liness, and the might of Christian truth. With fidelity tenderness must bo alliod. Thcro is powor in withering robuko ; but greater powor in tendornoss ; next to the graco of God, tho greatest'powor in the pulpit is tho powor of sympathy. . (Cheers.) Thora is might in tho powor of passion; . but it is like tho _ energy of lightning. Tho messago of ono baptized with tho sympathy is Uko the onorgy of sunlight. Thoy aro tho mal magnates of tho pulpit, who can open tba inner chambers of tho heart, and pour into it tho sunlight of God's grace. They must bo mon Of nrnyor. Who woro tho mon whoso ministry had filled Zion with ' converts P Not tho magnates of intolloct i but tho mon who linkod thoir weakness to divine strength-who wera mado wiso with divino wisdom. Could Bobcrt M'Ohoyno, and others of tho Church of Scotland spook to thom from tho sapphire tbrono, thoy would tell thom that tho fioureo of ministerial «uoeesa ¡s the baptism of the Holy Ghost, an i ot fire. Another essential requisito ia constancy t t ! stand at tlicir post firmly while difficulties aro crowdin I around. Ile rejoiced in tliis union. He could not aaj with Mr. Slatyer, that he would ba content to b sucked up. Ho regarded himself as ono of tho King' I own. Lot them go forth shoulder to shoulder ngains the common foe. Thoro is work' enough in tho colon; for ns all. It is no timo to bo carrying on feuds on* with another, while tho enemy is thundering at om fates. He reminded them of tho hattie o: nkermann-how. Britain and Gaul stood sid) by side on that bloodstained morn. Lc the Presbytoriai Church of Now South Wales perform deeds worthy of their sires, and adequate to the wort before them. He would say to them - Work, brothers, work. With lie art «nd brain, Well wlu tbe soldán aga agnln. He (Hr. Kolynack) belonged to a church that had the reputation of being tho greatest begging church in New South Wales. (Cheers and laughter.) He was not ashamed of it Indeed, he might say to his Presby- terian friends, that they would do'botter if there were a little moro begging on the part of the ministers, and a littlo moro giving on tho port of their people. (Oboers.) Ho recommended the syatomatio beneficence principle Tho £1000 was not mnoh. Why, if tho chairman, ss one of leading laymen oe the church, carno down with £100, and others whom he saw there did tho some, the work would be dono this overing. Ho was in that hall when they celebrated tho Wesleyan jubilee. It was delightful to soo rich and poor all contributing, accord- ing to their means. This was a representative meeting. Tidings would go forth tho next morning north west, and south, of tho result of this mooting ; and they would look rather small if the collection were trifling. Lot them place on the altar, as-a thank-offering-for their happy union, something worthy" of themselves, and worthy of their schemes. (Applause.)'' At tho invitation of tho Chairman, a number of subscriptions were then'handed in Tho choir sung two or throe more anthoms at intervals. At tho end of the mooting it was announced that £370 had been subscribed. The names at tho head of tho list were tlie Hon. S D. Gordon, tho chairman, £50; G. I Bowman, Esq., £50; Mr. Fraser. £50; Mr. Gilchrist, £50; Mr. Walker, M.P., £20; Mr. J.^Gordon, £20 j I followed by several smaller contributions. Votes of thanks were passed to tho choir, and to the I Chairman; and tho Rev. A. Thomson pronounced tho benediction. 