IMPRISONMENT OF. BRITISH: 3UJJ^ JEOTS IN ABYSSINIA. On tbe 20th Jan« the paper« on'this tn jeet presented , to the House of |L«rds pursuance of their addreta, wert issued es p»r ¡amentar/ paper. The first doenme dated February 3 od, 1861, consists of t .instructions to Captain Cameron, Britt cónsul at Messowab, upon bis proceeding the consulate, and à list of the presen -Weiert be w»a ordered to deliver to the Kii ef Abyssinia, These instruetions were TB general. Captain Cameron tras 'o,mal Jtfaieowah bis head-quarters, icfcrm birasi of the po itital state of affairs in Abyssin -with which ber Majesty's Government we -imperfectly acquaattd; and ordered, if] found the civil war Hill going on, sot iieoome the part'zin of either sid feat to promote amicable arrancasen between the rival candidates fi power. He was to keep her Mijes ty -Government at home fully iuformc of all miners ef interest, and, ia addition I eonoerns of a political or. commercial nsi'ur to pay paiticuler attention to «ny traffic-¡ slaves which might be carried on within h «[istriet. The second paper is a short lette to Consul Cameron, dated Novèsaber 13, i which Earl 1 mst ll states (bet tba Quee caving heard that the King of Abyssinia pei a ransom for the late Mr. Consul Plowdei «nd being desirpes pf making som . acknowledgment for th»t act ot kindness, hs direced that a suitable present should ba sei to the King. A rifle and a pair of revolve pistols ace imparted this message, and Conan Cameron wa« to deliver thens to tbe King a soon as pois bio after bia arrival in Abyssinia The next letter is a singular .composition ; ¡ is a copy of an ' autograph letter <>f the Kin of Abyssinia to ber Majesty tbe Queen, am St ia as follows : - IBB KINO OF. ADZSINNIA TO TBE QUIEK Ol EHOLAND. (Reselved Febrmry 12, 1808. Tn the name of the Father, of the Soc and of the Holy Ghost, one Qod ir. Trinity -chosen by .- od, King of Kings, Thedorus o Ethiopia to her Mnjeaty Vio oria, Queen c England. I hope your Majesty is in goo beahb. Py the power, ot God I am well My fathers the Emperors haviog forgottei our Creator, He banded over their kingdon to the Gallas and Turk?. But Qod create* me, lifted me out of the datif, and restore) thia empire to my rule. He endowed rm with power, and enab'ed nie to Stand in thi place of my fathers. By His power I dron away the Gallas. But for the Turks I havi told them to leave the land of my ancestor« They refuse. I am now going to wrestle with them. Mr. Plowden, and my latí Grand Chamberlain, the Englishman Bell used '0 tell methat thero is a great Christian Queen, who loves all Christians. When the) said to me this--' We are «ble to make you knowo to her, and to establish friendship betweea you/ therein those times I wa; ^ very glad. I gave them my loto, thinking that I had found your; Majesty's good-will, All men are subject to death, and my enemies .thtiik'ßg to injureme, killed these roy friends, ,But by tho power of God I have exterminated thrtse enemies, not leaving: one alive, though they were of my own family, that I may- get, _by. the. power of God, your friendship. 1 wac prevented by the Turks occupying the sen. .coast from sending yon -an embassy .when'I "*«'» in difficulty. Consul Cameron arrived with a letter, and presents of friendship. By the power of Qod I was very glad bearing ol Îour welfare, 'and being assured.of your amity, have received your presents, and th ink you much. 1 lear that if I send ambassadors with pteaents of amity by Consul' Cameron they may be arrested by the Turk's." And now I wish that you may arrange for'.the safe passage of my .ambassadors, everywhere on tbs road. I whh to have an answer to this letter by Conbul Ce meron, and that he may -eonduct my embassy to England. See bow the Jslam oppress the Christian." Toe 4tb, 5 b, and Oth letters Í were dated respectively April 32, August l3, and Sep tember 8, 1863, and express Éorf Kussel l's disapprobation of Consul Cameron's conduct in intermeddling in the affairs of Abyssinia, and Directing bim to return to his post. The Teri,a;Diug papers consist chiefly of copi ;s ol le'ters sent to the Foreiga i office, containing offers of assistance to obtain the liberation i ol the British subjects imprisoned ia A by P. Í sinin. On the 28ch April, lSOi.^Dr. Charles ! Bike wrote to Earl Russell sliting that a Tncsiengor from Massowah, with letter . from [ Europe, had fallen'into the hands of tho' ¡King, who had had the lettora translated to ! him. Dr. Beke was of opinion that the I -effect upon the King of the letter from the j Foreign office, directing Consul Oame *on to leave the Coart' and tetúrn to Massowab, would be most unfortunate, and expressed diubts .whether the consul would be permi tsd to take his departure. On the 18.h May io the fisráe year Dr. Beke wrote to the Foreign.' .office, renewing the offer of his services, -observing that he had:resided three years in Abyssinia, visiting its remo est provinces, and was familiar with its language ¡and inti- mately acquainted with it's political,'religious, comtnproia', and social affairs.. . Oa the 4 h .June, 1804, Major Plowden, first cousin of Joe late COD su), made a similar offer of his i aerviees. On the 4th Jurie, Mr. .Henry .Diifion, of Leeds, wrote to the Foreign-office, : elating that his son, who bad spent four ? ; months at the Abyssinian couit, and had had *50od opportunities of judging of King Theo kore's cbaraoter, .was' ready lo- be the bearor of a despafoh (rom our Government, i to bis Abyssinian Majesty, An extract ' is . also rjiven fromi!,'th« " leeds . lnie ; ligencer, in which Mr. Dufion offers his tiews of the causo of the King's strange conduct, A memorandum by Brigadier. 'General W. M. Coghlan on the Aby aininn .difficulty and how to get out of it, dated Tehruary 8, 1805; gives the. opinim of that ?offioèr substantially OB follows :-Kin'g Theo .doréis a parvenu, a powerlul doepot of high aspirations and strong will, but he ia not a isavage. The chief cause ofi his altered 'demeanour towards Captain Cameron is tho .long delay in replying to the letter whioh lin .addressed to ber Majesty in January, 1803, 'It ¡a understood that his dignity is greivously ?wounded by this silence, which he ueoeptß OH .an affront, ands sense of thia injury, coupled /with other circumstances, has led to the deploreblo state of affairs now existing at Goudar.. There ÍB reason to believe that the Kiug refutes the mission of Mr, Rassam, the assistant resident at Aden, as nat being olsuffi eieDtdignity, regarding Mr. Rsssam as amere messenger and not an envoy. General Coghlan, therefore, recommends a military embassy, headed hy an officer of rank, end including some members of a scientific corps, as Theodore is koowa ta attach great importance to military rank and to scientific- men. The embassy should carry a Queen's letter in- dicted in Oriental phraseology, high !y em bUzmed and sealed, and containing compli- menta and excuses, but no mention of the captives, whose oaseia to be supposed to hire become koowa to the envoy on his way out. At Cairo tba envoy «ball endeavour to escure tboBcrvices of two Abyssinian monks, who, it not procurable there, might be got from Jerusalem, who should be treated with liberal consideration, i m pr awed with the dig Uy of their mission, and induced to interest them- selves in its ultimate objec*. One of them should be despatched from the coast to Gondar, carrying a letter from the envoy announcing his arrival bearing a letter from the Queen. Arrived at Goodar, the envoy might, a« on his own responsibility, address | the King on tba subject of the j captives, expressing the hopa that they had dona nothing to incur his displeasure, and requesting that in any case they should be released, in order that tba proposed in 'er view might proceed on the most friendly footing. Supposing tba British mission to ba well reoeived, and the captives to be released, there would then arise the more difficult task of obtaining from the King soma apology as a reparation for the wrong com- mitted on hor Majesty's subjects. This wonld perhaps be the severest trial of the diplomatic ski1] of tba British embassy. There is, however, no reason to despair of success ; on the contrary, it may be hoped that a mission dignified in its constitution, liberal in outlay, modératelo demands, and circumspect in condus', will so gratify the pride of the King that he will make no diffi- culty in the matter of tendering suah apology ss may be acceptable to lier M ¿jes'y's Government. General Coghlan believe! that there is no alternatifs process open by which this object oin be attained ; he doubts the value of any warlike aid to bs'obtained from Egypt, even if it could be obtained at all ; and observes that Theodore is alleged to > have sworn to pat all bis prisoners to death on any foreign invasion of his country to effect their release. In A pril last Major H. A. Leveson offered his services to negotiate the.release of Captain Cameron. On the 19th of May» Br. Beke addressed a long communication to ''"arl RuBsell. In hi» opinion it would not be consistent with the dignity, of the British nation »?> replace Mr Basiam's Mission by one on a luger and more magnificent scale. He considers that ir ia well established that King Theodore's ill treatment of her Majesty's consul had been mainly oaoeed by the altered policy of tbe British Government with respect to the rr. lationsi between Egypt and Àbyssini», and that the King hopes to induce har Majesty's Government to retraso their steps, and con- tinué to afford him material aid against his enemies, as was virtually done when Mr. Consul Plowden wag alive, that officer having boen ai aotive partisan of the King, and having lost his life while bearing arms in bis cause. This bopo oannot ' be fulfilled, but "Dr. Büke . believes, that it would not be difficult to make the Abyssinian -monarch understand that by the policy now proposed to be pursued towards him by tho British Gpvernmen', and recommended, for his adoption, be might eventually obtain the öbjeot be has so much at heart, inaBmu.h JIB by thecultivatipn of the arts ol peace he wonld BO ' aggrandise himself as to be able to cope ëffèctual.y with his powerful neighbour. Dr Beke enlarges upon this subject, and dwells apon the adyantsgos which could be pointed put tb King Theodore in' the capabilities of hia country in cotton groting, and its re- sources in coil and iron. He is of opinion also that the telegraphic communication be- tween England and india should be efT-'Cled by continuing the Fgyptian line from' Khar, tum aeroBS -Abyssinia t~> the sea coast. Dn Beke wonld support bis arguments by pre- senting to the King specimens of articles of British manufacture capable of being made from the cotton of Atyssini«, and specimens of tbe infioire variety of artiolos that might b- manufactured from the fine iron which the King's territories contain in such abun- dance. Jon* IÍANNINO SFEKB.-Tho man who thus brought the true source of the Nile to tho test of notoal ex porienos was the second son rf a West of England squire, Ur. William Speke, of Jordans, near Ilroinstor, in Somersetshire, cot fur from i he borders of Dorset and Pc von. Tho stock of which ho carno was n good and anolent o>-e ; and the reputation of his forefathers who had suffer d severely fer their loyalty in the civil wars, waa «n incentive to him to prove himself worth« of the bTSSd which flowed in bia veins. It cannot be too often repeated that it is not only our titled fiinilioi, who composa the nobility of England, and tho snccrssion of ten or twelve generations of men of gentle blr-od, and the tenure of leeds and manors for five or six centur'es, give to English gooilemcn a patent of nobility whio'i the wor d cannot gains iy. The Spekes had h-ld Wbltel.ckington, in Somerset, for twenly generations in Camden's time, nearly 250 yenrs ago; and they ooma of an ancient and knightly race who' oivnrd /ands - in Wembworthy ard Br.-mpton, Devonshire, soon arter the Conqooet, sod held three knighis'fees of Robert lEitiiroy, lord of the manor of Okehampton. The Spokes btve'intormarried with the Arundel», Luttrells Beikeloye, .Keynes, and Beau* Chimps ;' and one of their ancestors was a gentleman of the Privy Chamber to Henry' VIII., and to hts son Edward.--The EnglUhmtu's Magazire. PERILS or TUE STAKETS or LOKDOX.-From a censos of persons killed In the tboroagfires of London It ia ascertained that tho probable amount annually is som- 2fl2 persosB. On the British railways tho average ls 30 annually. Compiling the : .00,00-1,000 to 300,'oO,OUO of passengers convey> d by the rall some 70.0. 0.000 miles yearly with tho caidalties of the London streets, the result is that the obatioei of death to the .London pedestrian are ai Ibo to 1 conspired with the railway. ' Safe crossings are sadly wanted. Builder. ' ' ., ' At tho recent sittings of tho Academy of Eolenoes, Paris, Dr. Berthe sect in a paper on the relativo advan- tages of the morphine and codeine, two of the prinoipsl alkaloids of oplkm. Confirming if. Claude Bernai d'« experiments, Dr. Berthe states that, aa a sedative, codeine is far superior to morphine, sinee lt novor causes a heavy nod disturbed slumber, nor perspirations or emptions on the skin mid never disturbs the oigeBtive funotiens. Hence it ls peculiarly adapted to oa-es of pninfnl ncvrosli of tho st roach, in which lt ls even moro efllcaoious than belladonna. But its great virtue 1» that of producing a calm and invigoraUngjsleepin bronchiii.«, rheiimaliant,' »nd even cancer. We have renton to believe that-, in consequence of Loid Palmerston's contemplated retirement negotia- tions linvo been carried on by sime of tSo leaders of the Liho-al party, and no attempt will lo mado to form a Ministry with Earl l{usa*ll as Premier, and afr. Ola-i «tono ns harter of tho Hi uss of Commons. Tho pro ur>itnme trill boa I e<r Iteform Bill nn'l tho spollntlun t-f th» Irish Church. Wo have leo tired this Information eu the he>t nu horny. -i'ioai. ? 