WEDNESDAY—DECEMBER 6. Charles Lett deposed: I was present at the court of quarter-sessions when a man named Jackson was prosecuted for sending a threatening letter to Bertrand; in the cross-examination of Bertrand by Jackson, in reference to a letter sent by Bertrand to Mrs. Kinder, at the North Shore, the wit ness Bertrand mentioned that he enclosed a ring in the letter, and on Judge Dowling asking if it was usual for gentlemen in ad dressing ladies to send rings, he replied that he did not know that, but he was generally in the habit of sending rings or something when he wrote to Mrs. Kinder; he said when he wanted her for a particular purpose he enclosed his ring; he said he was ill at the time, and wanted her to come, and she did come to nurse him, as he would not take his medicines from his wife, and pre ferred to take them from Mrs. Kinder; he said he had been in the habit of lending Jaokson small sums of money; I think he said the last sum he lent him was £2; he said he had only been acquainted with Jack son a short time, and had been introduced to him by Mr. Kinder, who had known him in New Zealand; this I believe was stated in the examination-in-chief, and in the cross- examination he said the money was to be deducted from a sum owing by Mr. Kinder to Jackson; I also remember Mrs. Kinder being examined, she was called by Jackson; he simply asked her, I believe, whether Mr. Kinder was of a jealous disposition, and she said "yes;" he asked her if he was jealous of Bertrand among others, and she said "yes, he was jealous of everybody; " he asked her if there was any ground for the jealousy, and she said "decidedly not." Charles Edward Ranclaud, clerk in the City Bank, and Alexander Bellhouse, of the telegraph department, were examined, but their evidence was not material. Harriet Kerr deposed: I am a married woman, and sister to Bertrand, the prisoner; I arrived from Melbourne about six weeks ago, and went to live at his house in Wyn yard-square ; shortly after I arrived he spoke of Mrs. Kinder, and said he wished to make her his wife—that he wished a divorce from his present wife; he said he was very much in love with this person, Mrs. Kinder; I said I was very much sur prised, as in his letters to me he said he was living happily with his wife; I argued with him, and said that after being married for three years he should think of better things; I only had one conversation with him on the subject of the divorce; about a week after wards, or five or six days, early in the morn ing, just before breakfast and before leaving my bedroom, Bertrand came into my room whilst I was washing the baby; he said, "stay a minute, I have something to say to you; " he told me to sit down on the side of the bed, and asked me if I had read about the death of Kinder; I said I had; he paused a little and then said, "Kinder did not shoot himself"—he said "I shot him;" I replied, " you must be mad to say such a thing ;" he said, "no, I am not mad—I tell you I did shoot him;" I said, "but how cruel of you to do so," and I put my hands up to my face; he pulled them down again; I was crying, and he said "don't cry, I don't regret what I have done;" he said Kinder was in his way; he said he would do the same thing to any man who stood in his way; he warned me not to tell his wife what he had told me; I remember nothing else that occurred at that time; he said he was jealous of Kinder, and that he loved Mrs. Kinder very dearly; when he said he shot him, he said he put the pistol in his hand and a pipe in his mouth, and that afterwards he threw the pistol that he shot him with into the harbour; he did not say to me that he put a card into Kinder's hand before he shot him; I was told so, but not by Mr. Bertrand; when I remonstrated with him he said, "you need not be so hard upon me—Kinder was going to shoot me, and had bought a gun to do so;" he did not say from whom he had heard that; he said that it was well planned, and if it ever came before the public they would not believe it; he said "we planned it;" he said that more than himself planned it; we did not mention Mrs. Kinder's name in that conversation; about three weeks after I had another con versation with him in the dining-room; his wife was present, but she was asleep on the sofa; she used to sleep a great deal; I thought it was not natural sometimes; it was more like stupor; he then entered into conversa tion about the divorce from his wife; he used to beat his wife most brutally; I told him how wrong his conduct was ; his treatment of his wife was everything that was bad, wicked, and cruel; he attempted her life two or three times whilst I was in the house; he said he must marry Mrs. Kinder; he said, " I don't want to kill Jane, (meaning his wife), but if I cannot get a divorce I shall get up an adultery case with some respectable married woman, and then Jane can sue me for a divorce;" I asked him why he did not give up his thought of marrying that woman; he said he could not give her up; I said, " she must be a bad woman to be cognisant of the death of her husband; she could not make you a good wife;" he answered, "yes, I know she is a bad woman;" he said that was why he must marry her—because she was a wicked woman; he said he would make a second Lucretia of her; he then paused, and, leaning over me, whispered, " Kinder did not die by the shot, we poisoned him;" he said she (pointing to his wife on the sofa) gave him the poison; he said the poison would never be discovered, and that he had enough poison in the house to kill half the people in Sydney; he said it was very likely that before I went to Brisbane I should see his wife's funeral; several times he has spoken about Kinder, about seeing his ghost, and when he saw the colour of liquors on the table referred to it as blood ; at one time he said he loved Mrs. Kinder dearly, and at other times said she knew every wicked deed that could be committed, and that she was a devil's imp ; he also said she was a clever woman; one night he attempted to murder his wife, about a month ago; I was in the house at the time; he had been out, and came home at about one o'clock in the morning; he would never allow Mrs. Bertrand a will of her own in the house; she was very frightened of him; speaking of some subject—I cannot remem ber what—Bertrand and his wife were talk ing and she dared to argue with him, when he got up in a very excited state and said her time had come—that she must die; he took up a stick with a sling at the end, called a life-preserver, and said he wanted to measure the exact spot where her brain was, so that he could kill her with one blow; she said, "don't kill me, you promised me on your word of honour that you would not kill me;" he then raised the stick to strike, and I interfered, pleaded that for his mo ther's, for his children's sake, for all their sakes, he would forbear; he told me not to look at him or speak to him, and said "go out of the room or I will brain you;" I went out of the room with fear and trem bling, my tongue cleaving to the roof of my mouth; I tried to call out, but could not; I thought he would murder her; after I left the room he shut the door; I managed to crawl to the top of the kitchen stairs, I was so faint I could not walk then; I called for Bridget, the servant, and when she came up I said, Bridget, there is something dreadful happening in the parlour; whilst I was speaking to her the handle of the door turned, and I got up to the first landing of the stairs; whilst sitting there I heard them say something; my brother said, "now, Jane, I want you to go into the surgery;" and she asked what for; he said, "I want you to write on this piece of paper that you are tired of your life and that you poisoned yourself by your own hand;" she said, "no, I shall not write it;" he said, "I will make you; " she said, "you may pour the poison down my throat, but I will not write anything;" before the conversation began my brother had poured me out a little weak brandy and water, and whilst on the stairs I heard him say to Jane, "drink that," meaning the brandy and water that he had poured out for me; he said "drink it up;" she drank it; Mrs. Bertrand then came out, and we retired to our room for the night; Mrs. Bertrand and I slept together; she slept with me the whole of the time I was there except one night; there was then a stranger, a lady visitor, in the house; Mrs. Bertrand, when she got into the room, sat down on a chair quite exhausted, and to my astonishment fell fast asleep ; I thought it was strange she should fall asleep so soon after so exciting a scene; it was about ten minutes after drinking the brandy and water ; on two other occasions he attempted her life; after the first conversation with my brother relative to the death of Kinder, Mrs. Bertrand asked me why I was look ing so pale—what was the matter with me; I said I had been told something by Henry that I could scarcely believe to be true; she said, " what did he say to you ? " I said he told me that he shot Mr. Kinder; I asked her, " is that true ? " she said " yes ;" this was in the dining room; on the afternoon of the same day that my brother told me he had shot Kinder she said, "you know Henry and Mrs. Kinder and I are constantly visit ing at the North Shore," and that, on one particular morning, Henry said, " you must go over to the North Shore;" she said Henry had often threatened to kill Mr. Kinder; in reference to shooting him, she one day, in the parlour, warned Mrs. Kin der about this, that Bertrand was going, or had threatened, to kill him; Mrs. Kinder said, "tell him yourself;" Mrs. Bertrand said, "no—if it was my husband that was to be shot I should tell him myself, and think I had a right to do it; " the reply was something to that effect; she said that Henry was in love with Mrs. Kinder, and that she (Mrs. Bertrand) and her husband were to be divorced in consequence of this; she said they were living a comfortable life together, and were quite reconciled to the fact of a divorce; she being tired of the ill- treatment she had been receiving; she then told me that, on one particular morning, Bertrand told her she was to go over to the North Shore and take the baby and Sophy (the nurse girl) ; she did not wish to go that morning, because it was raining, and the baby would get wet; he said she must go, and they did go; she said she noticed that when Bertrand came to the house (Kinder's) he seemed more serious than he had been for some time, and seemed kinder to Mr. Kinder; Mr. Bertrand was walking up and down the room very fast; and she noticed that he kept his gloves on and one hand in his pocket; she said, I think shortly after, Bertrand and Kinder were talking about the business affairs of Kinder, speaking of New Zealand, and reading letters from New Zealand; she further said that Mrs. Kinder and herself were standing at the window looking out when they heard the report of a pistol, and on turning round she saw Mr. Kinder sitting in a chair and a pistol drop from his hand, and saw Bertrand place a pipe in Kinder's mouth, taking the pipe from the table; Mrs. Kinder ran out of the room; Bertrand followed her with a loaded pistol, put it to her head, and said if she did not go into the room he would blow her brains out; Mrs. Kinder came into the room; Bertrand then took hold of Mrs. Kin der's arm and made her face Mr. Kinder; she told me the blood was then flowing from the wound, and that Bertrand's fingers nearly met in the flesh, and he pinched her arm so hard that the marks were left for three weeks afterwards; he said, "now look at him—look at him well" making her look; "I wish you always to see him before you; " she said that after Kinder was shot they made her (Mrs. Bertrand) nurse and attend upon him; she said she was doing all she could for the sick man to remedy the evil her husband had done; Mrs. Kinder and Bertrand during nearly the whole time were acting in an improper manner, such as walking up and down the verandah with their arms around each other's waists; some time after the shot was fired she was looking round the room and said she saw something lying against the wainscot, and found it to be a bullet flattened; she said, "Mr. Ber trand ran to me and took it from me, and put it in his waistcoat pocket, saying, 'this is just what I wanted;' " she said she had been attending upon Mr. Kinder two or three days, when he was improving; she said that Mr. Bertrand had decided that he could not let Kinder live—that he must be poisoned; she said Kinder seemed better, not so delirious and more sensible; that Mrs. Kinder went up to him and said, "why were you so cruel as to shoot your self ? " he said, " I did not shoot myself;" she said subsequently that Mr. Bertrand afterwards forced her to mix the poison, and that Mrs. Kinder gave it to him; that was all that she said to me that I recollect; I said I must leave the house after what she had told me; she begged of me not to do so, and said if I left the house she would be murdered, as he would think she had advised me to go and tell of these things, and so I remained; I should have left on other occasions, but my brother would not allow me to go; he said he would not be such a fool; when I first came there I noticed some strange marks on Mrs. Bertrand's back whilst she was dressing; they had all the appearance of burns or scalds, and speaking of them she said, "did you see these marks?" I said "yes;" she said, "well, he thrashed me with her (Mrs. Kinder's) whip, and took pieces of flesh out," and she said this was because she had said something about letting the murder out; on her back and shoulders there were marks as if the flesh had been torn off, and she also had a black eye; she told me afterwards, in Mrs. Kinder's presence, that he had stabbed her (Mrs. Bertrand) with a penknife, which penetrated to the depth of the blade; and she showed me a pair of stays that were saturated with blood; since she made the confession about the ill treatment, she said that Bertrand had told her to be very kind to Mr. Bellhouse, and to allow him to kiss her, if necessary; this he told her at night, after Bellhouse had left; I wished her very much to go to some magistrate and confess what she had told me; I said, "if you do not, you will bear the blame, and very likely this woman who deserves it would get clear, whilst you might be hanged;" she said, "'no, I would never be hung, I would poison myself ;" she refused to go to a magistrate; two or three times I have said I would go, and would bring the police to the house; she would not allow me to go, and said that if I told it to any one, they would think me mad; indeed, I believe that Bertrand had told Deffries that I was mad; I told it to Deffries, and after that went to Captain Mc Lerie about the case; I often thought my brother was mad, from the way he went on; Mrs. Bertrand on one occasion stated that Mrs. Kinder was staying in the house before I came from Melbourne ; she did not say how long she was staying there, but she said that whenever Mrs. Kinder was there, Bertrand always ill-treated her (Mrs. Ber trand); that when Mrs. Kinder was away he never attempted her life; she also said that Bertrand had forced her (Mrs. Bertrand) to sleep in the same room with Mrs Kinder and himself; he took Mrs. Kinder into Mrs. Bertrand's bed and lay down with them both; she said that Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder had been frequently alone in bed; one day when we were alone after dinner, Mrs. Kinder was kneeling down tying the dress of a little boy, when she said, "you see me in very disadvantageous circum stances;" I said, "I wonder how you dare to look at me or address me in my brother's absence;" this was all that was said, as some one came into the room at the time; Mrs. Kinder, shortly after went away to Bathurst. Cross-examined by Mr Roberts: I and my brother were not upon friendly terms at all times when I was residing with him; it is not a fact that he, at some time, whilst I was residing with him, refused to assist me in pecuniary matters ; I have never quarrelled with him in consequence of his refusal to purchase articles of wearing apparel for me; I do not recollect saying to him "you refuse to purchase things for me, but you spend money on Mrs. Kinder;" I did not tell my brother, before I knew anything of the death of Kinder, that I had dreamed of his death, or of the way in which it was brought about; no allusion of the kind was made; after prisoner told me that he had shot Kinder, I might have related to him that my sister (Mrs. Bright, of Melbourne), on reading the report in the Herald, had said how silly it was to lend pistols to a man who had threatened to shoot himself; Bertrand never told me that he had lent Kinder the pistol; the remark arose out of the report in the paper ; I said that I often said my brother was mad from the way in which he went on ; I did not say that Deffries said so; I have said to Mr. Deffries that I thought my brother must be a lunatic, or he could not have done and said what he had; when my brother mentioned the circumstance first he said that he had shot him; my brother was calm at the time he said so; he did not say that Kinder died; he merely said that he had shot him; my brother might have used the word die in many conversations, but he did not use it in the first; he often stated that people believed that Kinder had died by his own hand; in one conversation he (Bertrand) leaned over to me, and said that he did not die by the shot; that conversation took place about three or four weeks ago; at the time that Bertrand stated that to me I thought that Mrs. Bertrand was asleep; she was in a kind of stupor ; she used to go off into those sleeps that would last some hours; Bertrand asked me not to mention to his wife that he had said he had shot Kinder; I mentioned to his wife that he said to me that before I left for Brisbane, which I was then shortly about to do, that I should see Mrs. Bertrand's funeral; that was three weeks after Mrs. Bertrand told me that prisoner had shot Kinder; in one conversation he told me that deceased did not die by the shot, but that "we poisoned him;" all the conversation took place on the same night; I did not speak to Mrs. Bertrand about it the same night, as the conversation took place about half-past twelve o'clock, and Mrs. Bertrand was so drowsy that I could not talk to her; I cannot swear that it was the next morn ing that I spoke to Mrs. Bertrand about what her husband had said; I always told her what Bertrand had said; I wished to protect Mrs. Bertrand ; in fact, that was what I stayed in the house for, and I must also say that I stayed partly for fear of my life; whenever I tried to shelter Mrs. Bertrand in any way, her husband always seemed to have some revenge against me ; even if Mrs. Bertrand only took a fork up at the table, and he told her not to do so, it would give offence, and if I said anything in Mrs. Bert rand's favor he would show his spite at me; we were always in dread of our lives; in fact, I had not a moment's peace in the house since I heard of the murder; my brother did not appear anxious to get me out of the house, but quite the contrary, and when I wanted to go he always hindered me; he always professed to be very fond of me, and said I was his favorite sister; although he professed fondness for me he did not show it by his manner; he was often very eccentric; even in gaping he would imitate the roar of a tiger, and had done it in the street; he always professed to have an idea that he could mesmerise people; on one occasion, when we were spending the evening at Mr. Deffries', Bertrand acted in a very eccentric manner all night; he put his fingers up to his head to make horns, and he said he was the devil; he said he could call up Kinder's ghost in the room; of course I did not expect that he could do such a thing, but the horror of knowing what I did affected me, and I went into hysterics; Bertrand voluntarily and unexpectedly made the statement that deceased did not die by the shot, but that " we poisoned him;" I believe Bertrand was a temperate man; from all that I have observed, he was; when he said, " we poisoned him," I did not question him about it; he said he gave Kinder the poison, or that he had a poison that could not be detected; I understood him at first, when he said "we," that it was not Ber trand alone who had poisoned him; from his language afterwards, I inferred that Ber trand himself had poisoned deceased; Ber trand did not say that he had poisoned Kinder, but that Kinder had poison; I will swear that he did not say that he gave Kinder the poison himself; he said "we " gave it to him, and he said whilst Mrs. Bertrand was asleep on the sofa, and point ing to her, "and she mixed it;" he did not tell me that his wife knew whether it was poison or not; I have no doubt that Mrs. Bertrand was asleep when he pointed to her; from what he said, Mrs. Bertrand, I should conclude, might be wholly innocent, and not have known what it was she mixed; he did not say that he compelled his wife to mix the poison; I have generally a good recol lection, but I have gone through a great deal lately; I remember all that was said by Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand about Kinder be cause it was of a nature that I could not easily forgot it; all Mrs. Bertrand said to me about my brother I can remember; I did not say to Mrs. Bertrand, "Mr. Kinder did not die by the shot—he was poisoned;" when I spoke to Mrs. Bertrand, and men tioned that her husband had pointed to her and said ."she mixed it;" Mrs. Bertrand got up and stamped on the floor, and said " he's a liar;" that was the same morning, or the morning after, that Mr. Bertrand had spoken about her mixing the poison; I have not stated this before to day; it escaped my recollection; previously to this Mrs. Bertrand had told me that she had mixed the poison; I did not know what to believe; I could not understand it; I am not mixing up what Bertrand said with what Mrs. Bertrand said; she had previously told me that she had mixed the poison because her husband compelled her; I did not say anything when Mrs. Bertrand stamped her foot and said "he's a liar;" I was astounded, and I did not like to speak to her; I did not know what to say ; I will swear that I did not say " well, I'll tell Henry what you say; " I won't swear that she said "he's a liar, and I'll tell him so; " the words "I'll tell him so," might have been said, and have escaped my recol lection; I positively swear that I did not say to Mrs. Bertrand, "for God's sake don't, for he told me not to tell you," when she said "he's a liar; " my brother did not implore me, he only asked me not to tell his wife that he had told me that he had shot Kinder; I did not tell her what he said; there was an interval of three weeks between the two conversations in which Bertrand told me that he had shot Kinder and when he told me that he had poisoned him; I could not have mentioned both con versations to Mrs. Bertrand at the same time; I never heard Mrs. Bertrand speak in unkind terms of Kinder, but quite the other way; she always spoke in very kind terms of Kinder; she never said "I was present at the poisoning of Kinder ;" Mrs. Bertrand said that she turned round when she saw the pistol falling from the hands of Kinder ; she might have said that she fainted afterwards; she repeated things that oc curred shortly after Kinder was shot, and she thereupon could not have been long un conscious, supposing she had fainted; Mrs. Bertrand mentioned to me, by way of com plaint, that on one occasion Mrs. Kinder slept in the same bed with Bertrand and herself; she said that Bertrand made her lie in bed; that Mrs. Kinder then came in and that they had improper intercourse; on another occasion she said that she would not stay in bed, and that rather than do so she took a mattress and slept on the floor; I heard that Bertrand wanted his wife to write down on a piece of paper that she was tired of her life, and that she had taken poison; she refused to do so; at another time, Mrs. Bertrand told me that her husband wished her to go and buy strychnine, and that she refused to go; Mrs. Bertrand said she would not be such a fool, and that if he wanted it, he could write it down and send for it; this was after Kinder's death, and while I was staying in the house ; Bertrand often told me at that time that he had a great mind to murder Mrs. Bertrand and say I had done it; I know that Mrs. Bertrand has been to the inspector-general's office, and given information respecting this matter; I never saw Mrs. Bertrand inter fere in her husband's business as to the poisons used, and as far as I am aware she had no knowledge of poisons; after I told her what my brother had said, I told her that she ought to tell what she knew to a magistrate—that if she did not confess, very likely the woman who ought to bear it would escape, and she (Mrs. Bertrand) would be hanged; she said, she could not be hanged she had nothing to fear—she had done no wrong; Mrs. Bertrand as well as my brother told me that Kinder was poisoned; she said Henry forced her to mix the poison, and Mrs. Kinder gave it him; she never told me for what purpose it was mixed, and that she knew for what purpose it was intended. To Mr. Robberds: In the conversations I have spoken about in evidence to-day Mrs. Kinder was not present. Mary Agnes Robertson deposed: I have known Mrs. Kinder for about eighteen months, having first become acquainted with her at the North Shore, where my sister resides; I was introduced to Mr. Bertrand before Kinder's death, but after his death I became more intimately acquainted with Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand; after Kinder's death I went to see Mrs. Kinder at Bertrand's house, where she was staying; they visited at my house some time after that; Bertrand came first with Mrs. Kinder, and twice Bertrand came alone in the afternoon; I have seen the young man (Jackson) who was prosecuted some time ago by Bertrand; about a fortnight after Kinder's death, Bertrand, in conversa tion, when Mrs. Kinder was present, spoke about a divorce from his wife and about marrying Mrs. Kinder; he spoke of this on one if not two occasions; I said "I think it very wrong, I do not see why you should have a divorce from your wife; " Mrs. Kinder was present on one occasion when I said it was very wrong, and she made no remark ; but I do not think she was present on any occasion when there was a conversa tion with me about Kinder's death; I called at Bertrand's house to inquire if it was true that Kinder had shot himself; Mrs. Bertrand was not at home, and Ber trand told me that Kinder was sitting on a chair near the piano, and that the two ladies were at the window arranging flowers in a bonnet when he shot himself; he also told me that he bought a pair of pistols for Kinder to fight a duel with Jackson, and that it was with one of these pistols that he shot himself; I said it was very silly of him to buy pistols for that purpose; Bertrand said he had gone over, or had been over, to practice with Kinder in firing at bottles; in the next conversation he was talking about the divorce, and said that Kinder did not shoot himself; this was in my house ; I had been at his place, and he accompanied me home; he would not allow me to leave at all until a late hour, and then insisted upon accompanying me home; I told him I did not wish to hear anything more about the shooting of Kinder; he said "it is true, I did shoot him—Kinder did not shoot him self." He said he could not give up Mrs. Kinder, as he was in her power; he said he threw the pistol into the sea, and that it was Mrs. Kinder's wish that Kinder was shot whilst Jackson was in the house, so that he might be blamed for it; on one occasion, when Bertrand, Mrs. Bertrand, and Mrs. Kerr were at my house, after the conversa tion I have spoklen of, they remained for the night; Mrs. Kerr retired to bed before supper, and Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand had supper; whilst at supper Bertrand took out of his portemonnaie a small card with some figures in lead pencil written on it; throw it on the table and wished his wife to take it up; I think the word "gaslight" was printed on, with some figures in pencil; he desired her to look at it well; he said " Jane, do you hear ? " she said, " Henry, don't don't ;" ho told her to take the card in her hand, and asked her if she recollected it; she turned very pale, and commenced crying; she took up the card after being told to do so several times; he then told me to take the card and look at it; I asked him why I was to look at it; he said because it was the card that Kinder had in his hand when he was shot; we then went into the drawing-room, when he commenced raving, and, falling on the floor, called out, "Helen, Helen, come and dress;" he also said, '"Jane, are you asleep ? " and called for his assistant to fetch Helen from Mrs. Macin- tosh's; I do not think he was in a fit; he called out, "bring the milk and mix the poison—I say, Helen, you gave it him—I say you are to give it to him;" he said, " don't wring your hands, he feels nothing now;" Bertrand then complained that he was not well, having a pain in his head; I, heard of Kinder living some days, and then dying on the Friday, I think ; that day I saw Bertrand and Mrs. Kinder driving in a patent safety towards the Haymarket; this was the Friday after I heard of Kinder shooting himself, between two and three o'clock; I observed them laughing as they drove in the cab; I was at the house at the North Shore on the afternoon of the day that Kinder died, and was going to Kinder's when I saw them driving along the street; she came in whilst I was at the house ; Mrs. Bowden and Mrs. Johnson were at the house; before she came, they asked to be allowed to see Mr. Kinder, but the answer was that the doctors would not allow him to be seen; I recollect Mrs. Kinder leaving the room, saying she was unwell and must go to bed; afterwards she came in, when Mrs. Bowden and Mrs. Johnson had gone, and said she did not want to sit with them; Bertrand and Mrs. Bertrand were at my house the night before; when I heard him say he would go next day and say he shot Kinder; I saw that Mrs. Kinder looked un well and pale, and asked her why, or why Bertrand spoke in that manner; she told me that Bertrand would go and say so; she said he should not say so, or something to that effect; I said, "I do not think he would do such a thing," or, " why should he say so;" she said she thought he would do so; next day, I saw them at Darlinghurst court house ; Bertrand was shaking Mrs. Kinder by the wrist in the courtyard, and I heard him say that she annoyed him by laughing at Jackson, and that she wished to go to Jackson in the dock ; I remember Bertrand saying that the pistol produced on the inquest was not the one that shot Mr. Kinder. THURSDAY—DECEMBER 7. Francis Arthur Jackson deposed: I lived in New Zealand for fourteen years, and was a squatter there; I know Mrs. Kinder in New Zealand subsequent to her marriage, and also knew Mr. Kinder; there was an intimacy between myself and Mrs. Kinder in New Zealand, and I had correspondence with her there; the letters produced are in my handwriting, and were sent from me to her; I never gave them to Bertrand myself, and if they were found in his possession I do not know how they came there; I saw them in Mrs. Kinder's possession after I had written them to her; I had letters of hers written to me about the same time; I did not know her before she was married to Kinder; about half a year ago I came to Sydney, and I then went to reside with Mr. and Mrs. Kinder at the North Shore; after three weeks this intimacy was renewed; I first met Bertrand at Kinder's house, and had then been there about a week or eight days; he frequently visited the house whilst I was there; after I had left I called one day and recollect that a letter came en closing a diamond ring, brought by Ber trand's assistant; this is the letter with regard to which I put some questions when upon my trial; I am not certain that she showed me the letter, but I read it; it was signed "Louis," or " Your own Louis," I cannot remember distinctly; she went to Sydney that day immediately afterwards; I wanted to ascertain whether she really cared for Bertrand ; I was not living in the house at this time, nor was I living at Bertrand's; I asked her if she really cared for Bertrand, and she answered in a joking kind of man ner, giving no positive answer at that time; I resided at Kinder's about two months; once on my trial, and once somewhere else, I heard Bertrand say I was removed by Kinder—that it was Kinder's wish that I should be removed—that that was the rea son for Kinder's family coming to live over at Sydney at Bertrand's, so as to cause me to leave the place; during a conversation with Mrs. Kinder, as she saw Bertrand coming in, she said I had better go; I said no, I thought not, and Bertrand came into the room; I asked her when he was there which of the two men she preferred; Ber trand would not speak to me at first; he said she ought to undeceive me at once; he said it was not right for me to go on sup posing that Mrs. Kinder did care for me; he asked Mrs. Kinder if she cared for him, and she bowed her head; afterwards, he told me that Mrs. Kinder had cared for him for a long time, and had ceased to care for me; he then went on to say he wished to remove from my mind any idea that Mrs. Kinder had cared for me from the moment she saw him, seeming to acknowledge that Mrs. Kinder had liked him from the very first time she saw him; he afterwards told me that there was an intimacy existing between them of the same sort that had existed be tween her and me—an illicit intimacy; he told me that he liked her much better than I did, and that his intimacy had reached its climax—not speaking more directly than that; I told him at this time what the nature of my intimacy with Mrs. Kinder was—that it was of a similar kind to that he had; when the conversation took place between the three of us Mrs. Kinder informed me in fact that there was an illicit intimacy between herself and Bertrand; I saw the report of the in quest when I was at West Maitland, and the conversation I spoke of took place about three days before that; it was long before this conversation that I had gone to live at Kinder's house; at Bertrand's house, to which he invited me about a fortnight before the death of Kinder, Bertrand, his wife, and myself were in the dining-room, and the conversation turned upon Mrs. Kinder, when Bertrand said in the presence of his wife that he loved Mrs. Kinder; he was then walking up and down the room very fast, and appeared to be much excited; he said he would do anything for her—that no woman had acquired such a power over him before; Mrs. Bertrand appeared to be depressed and unhappy ; he said he looked upon Helen as his wife; I remember Bertrand saying it was a bad thing for him that his wife was virtuous, because it gave him no way of getting rid of her; I do not remember whether Mrs. Bertrand was pre sent when he said this or not; at another conversation, which took place in the bed room whilst I was lying in bed and he standing at the foot, he reiterated how very fond he was of Mrs. Kinder; said he could do anything for her, and told me that after I went—I was going away, as he thought to leave the colony—I must not be surprised at anything I might hear; he had given me some money to go away, and he said, " you would not like to be implicated in a charge for the murder of Kinder; " I said, "no, I think not, I should think it impossible ; he said if I stayed in Sydney I might be charged with being implicated in Kinder's murder or something of that kind; this he said in a joking kind of manner; this was the last night I was there, and about a fort night before Kinder's death; I said it was impossible, and he said there were many stranger things in the country than that, and then alluded again to my former intimacy with Mrs. Kinder; he told me that in a year or two he would marry her; I said it was impossible that he could be married, her husband being alive; he replied, " all things are possible, and time will show it;" he said Kinder was rapidly killing himself with drink, and that if drinking did not kill him other means (or things) would; Kinder often used to go to Dind's to drink ; he said the best thing I could do was to go away from Sydney, and he offered to pay my passage to Melbourne; he once held the threat over me that if I did not go I might be implicated in Kinder's death, and remarked something about the devil having a strong will; Mrs. Kinder appeared to treat it as out of the question that she should be his wife; I heard her say that Bertrand was very fond of her and wanted to marry her, but that was out of the question; I did not go to Melbourne, but up the country to West Maitland, and whilst there I saw an account of the inquest; I had been away from Sydney a few days or a week; I then wrote the letter produced; on my trial I heard Bertrand say that he had re ceived this letter ; and that was the letter I was prosecuted for sending, and for which I am now undergoing sentence. [The letter was read. It was dated West Maitland, 10th October, 1865, and commenced: "I am shocked, horrified, astounded at this denouement of your plans." It continued: "I little thought when you told me not to be surprised at anything after my departure, that it would end in this." He further said: "I have read the evidence and noticed the discrepancies in it. * * * Had the jury known one half that I could tell them, this would ring through the whole of the civilised world." He also says : "I would not stand in your shoes at this moment for all the wealth, rank, riches, and beauty it is in the power of the world to bestow. As for the accomplice and accessory, I pity as much as blame her." He goes on: " You are aware that twice in the course of your evi dence you were guilty of wilful and corrupt perjury, and a few words of mine to a magistrate or the police would be sufficient to bring about a search into the affair, and cause you more trouble than you can con ceive." The letter proceeds: "I seem to be a sort of accessory by the mere fact of con cealing what I know, and still more what I suspect. That feeling is growing stronger every hour, and will burst forth unless you give me the means to get to some other land where I may forget the horrors of this. I could not remain in a country where such a fearful tragedy was enacted." The writer says: " On the receipt of this send me £20, and I will get away by the Tararua, and will never return." He says : "You think I can prove nothing, but you are mistaken." He concludes by saying, "I consider you two are now one in everything," and signs " F. A. J."] I was prosecuted upon that as for sending a threatening letter, and am now undergoing sentence; one of the pas sages in the evidence that I state in that letter to be perjury was that in which he said Kinder had no cause for jealousy against Bertrand—and next, in reference to his holding irreligious opinions, and that he drank very hard; I do not believe Bertrand dissuaded him from drinking, but I cannot swear that he encouraged him; when I left Sydney Bertrand did not know whether I was leaving the colony or not; when I left him I did think of going to Melbourne, on my way to New Zealand, and I did not in form him of my change of purpose; this letter was the first intimation he had of my not having gone to Melbourne. Cross-examined by Mr. Roberts: I was convicted upon that letter, which is called a threatening letter; I wanted to go away from the country, and wrote that on the spur of the moment when I read the evi dence on the inquest; I was not defended by counsel; I spoke to Bertrand about Mrs. Kinder before his admissions to me; and after he mentioned his intimacy with her, I might have told him that Mrs. Kinder was in my power; I do not remember saying that Kinder was in my power because of some defalcations in New Zealand; to my knowledge he was not guilty of any defal cations; I mentioned about Kinder owing me a sum of money before he mentioned to me his intimacy with Mrs. Kinder, and I dare say I told him that Kinder used to be dreadfully jealous of me ; I think I told him that Kinder had threatened to shoot me (or rather I think Kinder told him so in my presence) on account of a private quarrel I had in New Zealand; but I stayed at his house in New Zealand after this quarrel; I do not remember saying I had him in my power with regard to money affairs with me; I was in the habit of drinking with Kinder in New Zealand; I used to drink hard; we used to drink to see which could stand the most liquor, and sometimes he would see me under the table; I used to drink with him before I knew Mrs. Kinder, and after wards; I had a strong regard for Mrs. Kinder soon after my acquaintance with her; when I drank excessively with Kinder first my object was not to impair his health, or to got rid of him by his death, or by separation from his wife ; after my intimacy with Mrs. Kinder commenced I had an object in getting him to drink to excess—that was to get him stupid, so as to afford me opportunities for interviews or intimacy with Mrs. Kinder; the human mind is very base; I was base enough for that; by constant drinking with him I thought it would shorten his days; it would shorten anybody's days. To Mr. Roberts: I will not swear that I did not mention the circumstances and my objects to Bertrand; but I am aware he must have known them all; Bertrand did say on one occasion that I had better go out of the colony or I might be implicated in Kinder's murder; I was out of employment for most of the time I was here, and Ber trand assisted me a little in a pecuniary way; I will not swear that on one occasion I did not tell Bertrand that it was my inten tion some day to marry Mrs. Kinder; I was constantly with her in the day time; it was in New Zealand that Kinder wanted to fight me with pistols; he was jealous of me; he was drinking at the time, and I was partially drunk; this happened in the bank; when I wrote this letter I knew that Bertrand had stated to me his intimacy with Mrs. Kinder, and I had heard him speak of his wife as a virtuous woman; I do not think I was thinking of Mrs. Kinder when in that letter I spoke of "beauty," but I thought she was an accessory and accomplice when I spoke of her; I do not in that letter refer to Mrs. Bertrand in any way; I wrote nothing to the effect that she was a participator in bringing about the death of Kinder, and never did believe it; I thought Bertrand was an eccentric sort of person from his manner and conversation; I never heard him say he would be divorced or get a divorce, nor did I hear him say he would leave his wife and go and live with Mrs. Kinder; I told Bertrand that Kinder owed me £40 ; I will not swear I did not tell him it was £132. To Mr. Robberds: I know nothing about Mrs. Kinder being an accessory; she was present at one of the conversations I had with Bertrand—the one in the house; she was not present at any of those when Ber trand told me that Kinder might die ; I remember her saying that she would rather have nothing to do with either of us, that she intended to do her duty as a wife, or something of that kind; at that time she requested me to leave her, and not to come near her again; she never sought me again, and any interviews I had with her were of my own seeking, not hers; she told me that she feared Bertrand; she said, "he seems to be a perfect devil," and spoke of him as being able to compel her to do things against her will, having a sort of power of clairvoyance over her, or mesmeric influence; Bertrand often threatened to poison himself; he did not believe in a hereafter; Mrs. Kinder was terrified when she asked me to go; in New Zealand Mrs. Kinder tried hard to prevent her husband from drinking, and also whilst she was here she persuaded him not to drink ; his drinking and his unkind conduct towards her made her unhappy; Bertrand's letter, in which the diamond ring was sent, requested Mrs. Kinder to go over and see him, as he was unwell, and she asked me whether she should go or not; she said she would send the ring back to him; she was excited and might have said she would go and speak of it to Mr. Kinder; there is nothing that I know of to criminate her in this charge beyond the intimacy with Bertrand. To Captain Cloete: I never spoke of any of Kinder's affairs as defalcations; Mrs. Kinder seemed to be very undecided about coming to Sydney to see her husband about the ring; I do not know that I used any influence to induce her to do so. To Mr. Robberds: She went. To Captain Cloete: When I wrote that letter I knew all that I have stated in evi dence. Mary Agnes Robertson re-called, and cross-examined by Mr. Roberts: I appeared against Bertrand for threatening language he made use of; he threatened to kill me with a steel at my own house; it was on the occasion of a visit with his wife and Mrs. Kerr (his sister); they were not present, and Mr. Deffries came in to see what he was doing; he appeared to speak seriously; I went into the room to fetch an umbrella of my own, but which Bertrand had been using, and whilst I was stooping I saw the shadow of some one standing near me, and on turning round saw Bertrand standing over me with a steel in his hand; I had given him no provocation that I am aware of; there had been no cause of quarrel between us up to that moment; there was nothing but feelings of friendship on each side; I cannot say that I was astonished at his threat; he afterwards said he would kill me; he had threatened me before with a knife in his own house, in the dining-room, in the presence of Mrs. Kerr; I had given him no reason then; at the police-office he was directed to find sureties to keep the peace to wards me; in default, to go to gaol for fourteen days; he has often said to me '"I will kill you;" I was on visiting terms with his family; I did not consider he was joking; I asked him what I had done that he should take my life ; that was when he took the steel, and he did not answer me that I remember; it was after the death of Kinder that he fell on the floor, raving and calling for Helen; when he called for Mrs. Kinder (Helen) she was not in the house; I knew that she was then at Bathurst; when he asked Jane if she was asleep she was attend ing to him; Burne, his assistant was not there; he cried out, "bring the milk—mix the poison—Helen you give it him;" he did not say Jane was to mix the poison; I never told Bertrand that I was very fond of him; he tried to mesmerise me in my own room one night, and I fancied I felt the effects—a kind of galvanic shock; Mrs. Kinder was present, but no one else; when I felt a dizziness in my eyes, I ran out of the room.; I know he has tried to mesmerise me by following me about the place and looking at me; he com pelled me that night to kiss him in the presence of Mrs. Kinder, who said that Captain Robertson would not come home, and made me feel very unwell; I left Mrs. Kinder and Bertrand in the dining- room, and I told him I did not wish to see him there again; Mrs. Kinder made him speak to me, and we became friends; I did it through fear; since that on one occasion I have kissed him to save his wife from vio lence; he said "do you intend to do as I bid you" in the presence of his wife and Mrs. Kerr, in the bedroom ; I said no; then he called his wife that he might flog her with a whip unless I kissed him, and to save her from violence I did so; on another occasion I saw him beat her with an um brella without any apparent cause; I had no consultation with Deffries about placing Bertrand in a lunatic asylum in consequence of these proceedings; I have heard Deffries say he must be insane to go on as he did ; he said it in a jocular manner; I thought his eccentricity to a great extent was pretended subsequently, when I got home one night I told Mrs. Kerr that I would not walk home with Bertrand again, as he told me such horrible things about a murder; Mrs. Ber trand, to me, always appeared to be a well conducted woman in all respects, and affec tionate and attentive to her children; I have noticed a great change in her since I first saw her at Kinder's house at the North Shore; she always appeared lately to be very much under the command of her hus band, and very much in fear of him; when he took out the card at supper he threw it upon the table and addressed his wife in a peremptory tone; he said, "Jane, take that card up;" I think Mrs. Bertrand heard him, but she did not wish to take the card up; he then said, " Jane, do you hear me, take that card up; " before she took it up she said, "don't, Henry, don't;" I wanted to know the meaning of the card; she took it up and began to cry; he asked her if she remembered the card; I cannot say whether it was owing to his peremptory manner that she wept; she appeared to be powerless, completely under his control, and in fear of him; he desired me, but not in so harsh a manner, to look at the card, and I took it either from the table or from Mrs. Bertrand's hand; he said he desired me to look at it because it was the card that Kin der had in his hand when he was shot; he had previously told me that Kinder had shot himself; he never told me that his wife was a party to the shooting of Kinder; he never in any of his conversations, that I am aware of, implicated his wife either with regard to the shooting or the poisoning, if Kinder was poisoned or shot; nor any one else with regard to the shooting; I always observed that his wife was a woman of a quiet mild disposition ; I never heard her speak against Kinder, or in anger against any one; 'I re collect saying to him, "I will not allow you to look at your wife in that way," and I know he rose and went towards his wife with a knife in his hand. To Mr. Robberds: I. saw Mrs. Kinder and Bertrand in the cab; I was perfectly certain it was her; I believe Mrs. Kinder told me she had been to an hotel about a bailiff who was in her house; she said she went concerning the bailiff to see the master of the hotel, who, I believe she said, held a bill of sale over the furniture; I do not remember her saying she went to the hotel to got the bailiff removed; when I went over to Kinder's house she told me this; she appeared dejected and sorrowful for a short time; she left the room, but soon after came in again; Mr. Kinder was not dead then; she said she only wished to got rid of Mrs. Bowden and Mrs. Johnson, and that was the reason she said she was unwell and obliged to go to her room; this was the day on which Mr. Kinder died; when Bertrand spoke of the divorce, Mrs. Kinder was play ing the piano, but not looking at it, and she could hear what he said; it was said quite loud enough for her to hear; she was not present at any of the other conversations I have related in my evidence, with Bertrand or any one else. 