MISCELLANEA. Death op Mr. Andrew Young, of Invershin.—We (Inverness Courier), regret to learn that this able and expe rienced fish r died very suddenly on Sa turday week, at Invershin. Mr. Young was one of the first who experimented scientifically on the habits of the salmon. He rendered essential service in deter mining the true character of the parr, and established more clearly than any one be fore him, the fact that salmon instinctively return to their native stream. Mr. Young is the author of several valuable works relating to salmon fishing, and his evidence was always regarded of primary importance in the vexed questions of estuaries, fixed engines, &c.f; which have been continually before Parliament of lake' years. He w.ts a hearty, hospitable man,, whom all fishermen were glad to meet, and whose loss will be widely felt among the fraternity. Railway Accident. — Handsome Gifts.—A gentleman, who was injured by the collision on the North British Railway, at Tayport, on 17 th December, has applied fifty guineas, paid to him by the Railway Company as comp nsation, as follows:—£10 10s. to William Skin ner, the engine-driver, who remained firmly at his post, applying the breaks so as to lessen the injury, and was himself severely injured; £10 10s. to the Royal Infirmary; £10 10s. to the United In dustrial School; £10 10s. to the Blind Asylum; and £10 10s. to the poor of the parish of Leslie. A Lucky Admiral.—Rear-Admiral Porter's share of the proceeds of captured cotton, blockade-runners, &c.;, since he assumed command of the North Atlantic Blockading Squadron, is said to amount to 200,000 dollars. The total value of the captures by his squadron, since August last, is over 2,000,000 dollars. Eminent Advice to Bachelors.— About two years ago, when the Prince of Wales was about to marry the Princess Alexandra, Queen Victoria sent a letter to each of the Sovereigns, informing them of her son's betrothal, and among the rest to President Lincoln. Lord Lyons, her ambassador at Washington, and who, by the way, is unmarried, requested an audi ence of Mr: Lincoln, that he mighs pre sent this important document in person. At the time appointed he was received at the White House, in company with Mr. Seward. u May it please your Excel lency," said Lord Lyons, " I hold in my hand an autograph letter from my Royal Mistress Queen Victoria, which I have been commanded to present to your Ex cellency. In it she informs your Excel lency that her son, His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, is about to contract a matrimonial alliance with her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandra of Den mark." After continuing in this strain for a few minutes, Lord Lyons tendered the letter to the President, and awaited his reply. It was short, simple, and ex pressive, and consisted simply of the words, "Lord Lyons, go thou and do likewise."—American Paper. • Lord Palmerston. — The political life of Lord Palmerston has been longer than that of any statesman of the present century at home or abroad. Tnat of Prince Mettarnich. lasted fifty-four years, from 1794 to 1848 j that of Count Nes selrode also the same number of years, namely, from 1802 to 1856; that of the Duke of Wellington little more than forty-four years, dating from the time when he was Chief Secretary in Dublin till his death; that of Sir Robert Peel even less still. Bui Lord Palmerston en tered the House of Commons in 1806, and has held office, with very slight inter missions, since 1807, or seven years more than iialf a century. —Once, a, Week.u J President Lincoln has commissioned Captain Wemyss Anderson to paint ™ the White House, at Washington, lhe Last of the Alabama." It appears that the President's attention was directed to dxis English artist by photograph. Boswell dining oneday with BJ. Johnson asked him if he did not think that a good cook was more essental to the community than a good poet. *doa' suppose," said the doctor, 4 that there is a dog in the town but what thinks so. A new serial by the indefatigable Mr. Henrv Mayhew, is spoken of as shortly forthcoming. Its title will be The Shops of London, and it will give a particular account of all the principal business es tablishments in London, with particulars of the manufacture of goods, and rules to guide against the purchase of adulterated "£fV. Armstrong, at the Newcastle Meeting of the British Association, ana Mr. Gladstone more recently, spoke with seriousness, at least, of the question, " How long will the coal which smelts the iron, and produces the steam power on which so much of our prosperity de pends, last?" Mr. W. Stanley Jevoisis about to publish, from the pressolMcssrs. Macmillan, a volume on The Coal Question; an Enquiry concerning the Progress of the Nation, and the probable Exhaustion of her Coal Mines. verse warrxEN on a. -window us the higk LAKD3 OF SCOTLAND. Scotland! thy weather's like a modish^wife, Thy winds and iains for ever are at strife, So termagent awhile her thunder tries, _ And when ehe can no longer scold, she cries. The Imperial Author.—To show how fine a thing it is to be an Emperor and an author, let us state that Napoleon III., with the view to carefully learning the military practice of the Romans at the time of Caesar, and in order to make his forthcoming history of Julius as per fect as study under favourable circum standes will permit—has caused an able and learned officer of artillery to ascertain the military costumes, the arms, armour, accoutrements, trappings, and other war like instruments—including those P*?P®r for siege service, the camp and the field, and to reconstruct the same in the most perfect manner that care and boundless wealth allowed. At the Tuilenes has been formed a museum of such articles, derived from ancient sculptures, descrip tions, and drawing on pottery, &c.; there appear tae tents, waggons, standards, haversacks, straps, boats, bridge macmnery, shovels, the balista, falarica, catapult, bow and arrow. Each has been carefully re produced and fitted for use, so that when, the author desired to see a tribune, centu rion, decurion, or private soldier exactly as Caesar saw him, ail that needed to be done was to call a Cent-Garde, and clothe him from the musaum. The ghost of Caesar himself might be invoked with even less of fear than Brutus had, and the " Aye, at Philippi," of the unmatchable spirit, have n6 terror for his successor.—Athe naeum,. . ,T. Hats Off.—At a party at the Vicom tess de Noailles's soon after the Allied i Armis had entered Paris, and at which I was present, some of the ladies expressed their surprise that Englishmen of high birth did not take off their hats when bowed to, as was the custom m France and other countries. Dupuytren, the celebrated surgeon, happened to join the party, when some one observed^ that per ; haps the doctor could solve the riddle, and explain the real cause of such apparent rudeness on the part of the English. Du puytren, in his coarse and blunt manner, i said, "The teigne, or scald head, is a very common disease in Europe, it is, therefore, more than probable that those foreigners who keeps their hats on in the j presence of ladies are afflicted with that loathsome complaint." Lady Stafford, I afterwards Duchess of Sutherland, who had been quietly sitting on one of the sofas, and whose presence had escaped the notice of Dupuytren, rose, and, in a dig I nified manner, said, " Doctor, that hor rible disease is unknown in my country. My countrymen take off their hats to royalty, to ladies, and to no one besides." Whereupon Dupuytren rejoined, "Surely, my lady, there is no tew in England which precludes a well- bred gentleman from off his hat to his equals, and more especially to females/' Lady Staf ford retorted with spirit, " You can ridicule mv countrymen if you think fit, doctor j but with all their faults and apparent rudeness, they have never been guilty of cutting off the heads of beautiful and innocent women, as you have done in France." — \- Celebrities of London and Paris. By Captain K. H. Gronow. 