Cnfles of Hit aifo fiuinour. ?» — Fashionable Tobacco-stoppers. — Ladies. If a cigar makes a man ill — will a cheroot make a Manila? Failures are with heroic minds the stepping-stones to success. When is iron like a band of robbers ? — When it's united to eteel. What is the greatest stand ever made for civiliza tion ? — The ink-stand. In July, members will go to the country ; their return is very uncertain. — Owl. When may a man be said to swallow cause and effect ? — When he drinks gin and — bitters. A horse-dealer, describing a used-up horse, said he looked as if he had been editing a newspaper. Why ahd Because. — why are eats kept in sporting gentlemen's e tables ? To scratch the racehorses. 'Define love, Miss.' Miss — 'A little sighing, a little crying, a little dying, and a good deal of lying.' It is said that an ingenious Yankee lias invented a machine with which he intends to transport the Emerald Isle to America. Sir Walter Scott declared that the only men he had ever known who assserted they had seen a ghost had all ended by committing suicide. A dealer in ready-made linen advertises his shirts and chemises under the mellifluous appellation of ' male and female envelopes.' Why are birds in spring like a banking esta blishment ? — Because they are promissory notes, and rejoice when the branches are flourishing. ' I always sing to please myself,1' said a timber toned canticulos, humming a tune in company in his usual distressing style. 'Then you're not at all difficult to please,' remarked a gratified beau. Answered. — ' Lassie,' said a Cockney tourist in Scotland to a barefooted peasant girl, ' do all the people in these parts go barefooted ? ' ' ' Part of them do, and the rest mind their own business.' Tbtte to'a Hair. — A juvenile dandy said to a fair partner at ball, K Don't you. think my moustaehois are becoming ?' — To which she replied, ' Well, sir, they may be coming, but they have not yet arrived.' A gentleman taking an apartment said to the land lady, ' I assure you, madam, I never left a lodging but my landlady shed tears' — She answered, 'I hope it was not, Sir, because you went away without paying.' An Agricultural Society offered a premium for the best mode of irrigation, which was printed irritation by mistake ; whereupon Mr. Caudle, an honest farmer, strongly recommended Mrs. C. to show her self for the prize. Mr. C. received his reward. When Wilkes was at the French Court (temp. Louis XV.) Madame Pompadour said to him, ' Ton Englishmen are fine fellows ; pray, how far may a man go n his abuse of the Royal Family among you?' — 'I do not at present know,' replied he drily, *? bnt I am trying' An Exchange of Comphmests. — Two men of fashion, meeting a beautiful lady in a narrow street in Glasgow, her ear caught the following observa tions : — ' I protest^ Jack, thus place is as narrow as Balaam's passage' (the lane so-called in Glasgow). *' Yes,' said his companion, ' and like Balaam I'm stopped by an angeL' ' And I,' retorted the lady, 'by the ass I' A wine merchant once left a suspected assistant in his cellar, and said to him, ' Now, lest you should drink the wine while I am away, I will chalk your mouth so that I may know it.' He then rubbed his nail across the man's lip?, and pretended to leave the mark of chalk on them. The man drank of the wine, and to deceive his master, chalked his mouth, and thus discovered himself. A Lucid Explanation. — An Englishman travel ling in the Bouth of Ireland overtook a peasant travelling the eame way. ' Who lives in that fine house on the hill, Pat ?' said the traveller. ' One Mr. Cassidy, sir,' replied Pat ; ' but he's dead — God rest his sonL' 'How long has he been dead ?' asked the gentleman. ' WelL yer honor, if he lived till next month, he'd be dead just 12 months.' A Teick Defeated. — At a recent election in Aus tralia the naturalized Chinamen voted for the first time. Being thoroughly free from political opinion*, thirty-three of them were engaged in one district by one of the candidates at eight shillings a head, and tutored to say ' Yes' to every question which might be put to them in the polling-booth. One of the first questions put was, ' Have you Toted -before at this election?' Answer, 'Yes,' and forthwith they were unceremoniously bundled ont of the booth. ATfew days since the writer was invited to a wedding breakfast given by a substantial farmer blessed- with five daughters, the eldest being the bride. Aneighbor, a young farmer, who was honored 'with an invitation, thinking no doubt he should say something smart and complimentary upon the event, addressing the bridegroom, said — ' Well, you have got the pick of the basket !' The countenances of the four unmarried ones, as you may imagine, were awfully indignant, and would have made aright good sketch for Punch. A Fbench Glutton. — A French officer once laid a wager that a soldier in bis regiment would eat a small calf at one sitting. A cordon bleu was instructed to dress the meat in the moBt alluring variety of way*, and to dress it every bit. The day and hour of trial arrived, the man. was placed down to the table, and dish after dish vanished under his all devouring jaws. He was within a course or two of finishing his disgusting feat, when he paused, laid down fau knife and fork, and gave his backer a look which made that gentleman tremble for his money. Sat hope returned with the words of the omnivorous grenadier^ which were these : ' My captain, all this is really very good ; but if I go on eating many more such nice things I shall have no appetite left when it comes to the calf' PEOTEBBS. — PRESERVED BT JOSHUA BttlHTGS, ESQ. — Don't swop with your relashuns unless you kin afford to give them the big end of the trade. Marry young, and, if circumstances require it, often. If you can't git good cloathes and edicstion too, git the cloathei. Say ' How are you ?' to everybody. Kulfcivate modesty, but mind and keep a good stock of impndence on hand. Bee charitable — three-cent pieces were made on purpose. It costs more to borry than it does to buy. If a man flatters you, yon con kmlkerlate he is a rogue, or you are a fule. Keep both ize open, but don't see morn harlf you notis. If you ich for feme, go into a grave-yard and scratch yourself agin a tume stone. Young man, be more anxus about the pedigree yur going to leave than you are about the wun somebody's going to leave- you. Sin is like weeds — selfsone and eure to cum. Two lovers, like two armies, general! git along quietly until they are engaged. Abebmus Wabd m Boston. — A letter from Artemus Ward to his 'dear Betsy' says: — 'The winder of my room commands a exhileratin view of . Copp's TfiH, where Cotton Mather, the lather of the Reformers and sich, lies berrid. I went over to Lexington yes' d'y. My booBum hove with solemn emotions, 'And this,9 I said to a man who was drivin' a yoke of oxen, 'this is where our revo lutionary forefathers asserted their independence and spilt their Bind? Classic ground V ' Wall,' said the pian, 'if e good for white beans and potatous, but as regards raisin' wheat, tain't worth a ? .' I re ' turned in the Hose Cars, part way. A pooty girl in Spectacles sot near me, and was telling a young man tow much he reminded her of a man ehe used to jsnow in Waltham. Pooty soon the young man got oat, and emilin' in a seductiv* manner, I eaid to the girl in spectacles, ' Don't I remind you of somebody you used to know P' ' Yes,' she said, « you do remind me of one man, bat he was sent to the penitentiary for stealing a Bar'l of mackril— he died there, so I conolood you ain't him.' I didn't pursoo the con versation.' ? . ? 