AMERICA. (From The Times' own Correspondent.) NEW YORK, OCT. 10TH. The past three months have witnessed a certain degree of change in the aspect of political parties towards the President, especially in relation to his policy of reconstruction in the South. When Mr. Lincoln died, there were many who pro- fessed to see in the event an "interposition of Providence;" for, as they said, Mr. Lincoln would probably have been too lenient to the South, while his successor was exactly the man to use the conquered States with just and neces- sary rigor. Although Mr. Johnson had himself been a slaveholder, he had also been at constant war with the slaveholding class, had been bit- terly persecuted by them, and owed the death of one of his children to their hatred and violence. The lenient and yielding nature of Mr. Lincoln seemedless adopted to deal successfully with the critical work of reconstruction than the inflexible, and, as it was thought, vindictive temperament of Mr. Johnson. The democra- tic party at that time plainly pointed out the danger of suffering the destinies of the South to remain in such hands. When the conspirators in the assassination plot were executed there were even vague threats of "impeachment" to be heard, and any stranger who was so ill informed as to believe in the stability of party opinions in America might have concluded that Mr. John- son would soon be opposed by the whole strength of the Democratic party. This is now all changed. With admirable courage the Democratic party refer to their opin- ions of June last as "exploded issues," and, throwing away the useless summer garments, they have attired themselves in the new "fall fashions" with as much grace as the sudden and awkward movement admits of their showing. Even that section which throughout the war were for yielding to the South now offer up daily sacri- fices to the man for whom three months ago "tyrant" and "despot" were the softest words they could find. One of the leading men of the Democratic party, now the candidate for the office of Attorney-General of this State, has publicly "nominated" Mr. Johnson for the next Presidency. This gentleman, like his colleagues, has forgiven the President even that deed which they thought disgraced their country - the hang- ing of Mrs. Surratt and the other conspirators. Very naturally, the party which did their best to support the Government throughout the war cannot reconcile themselves to this swift and un- looked-for conversion of their opponents. Yet it cannot but be acknowledged that the revolution in the opinions of the Democratic party may partly be traced to Mr. Johnson's policy. He is forgiving the South en masse. He cannot replace the States as States in their former position, but he can save individuals from punishment and their property from confiscation ; and this be is doing to an extent which leads many to fear that he is forgetting to provide proper safeguards against future troubles in the South, and also losing sight of certain objects of the war. The South- ern leaders are quick to perceive this new phase of affairs, and the result is that they are becom- ing less loud and vehement in their profes- sions of loyalty, and less willing to do "justice to the negro." It follows that the "Radical" section of the Republicans are much dissatisfied, and that their press utters many warnings that the South will yet succeed in bringing back the old slavery difficulties upon the country. In fairness, however, it cannot be said that President Johnson is shifting his course. From the first he has plainly said, "I will restore the South first; after that I will attend to other things." The success of this plan depends al- together upon the disposition of the South to act in good faith. Secession is, of course, all over, as the Democratic party say, it is an "exploded issue;" but there are other issues which are not yet exploded. The proper protection of the freedman is one of them. The willingness of the South to pay its quota of the national debt is another. Supposing that the South was deter- mined to carry out the spirit as well as the letter of Mr. Johnson's policy, it would matter little how fast "reconstruction" proceeded. But if he pushes on while thsy stand still, or try to fall back, the new Union edifice will not be built on secure foundations. I have lost no opportunity of gathering really trustworthy information of the state of affairs and of public opinion in the South, and in some re- spects it is better to be at a point at which all such information converges than in detached parts of the South itself. Such of my authorities as are public I will quote; others which are private I must ask you to believe have been sifted with care. In the first place I am assured that the people of the South are more hopeful and buoyant now than at any time since the close of the war. They feel confident that they will obtain good terms from the President, and they have ample evidence by this time that the 25,000 dollar ex- ception clause in the amnesty proclamation means anything but confiscation. The strongest fact of all, and one that causes great surprise to every English traveller who goes southward, is the well-to-do appearance of the bulk of the people who were formerly rich. They may not be wealthy now, but they have means enough to come here to New York and pay off all their debts contracted before the war. They are at his moment the best customers which the large wholesale houses of New York have. Never have the imports into the country been larger than of late, and a very large proportion of them go South. When speaking to a gentle- man from Georgia recently on this subject, he said, "You cannot account for our being so well off, but the reason is that throughout the war many of us hoarded. During the last two years of it few of us believed in its ultimate success, and consequently we took care of ourselves. Of course, the loss of our slaves is so much loss of money, and I know some men who are nearly ruined. But you would be surprised if you knew how many of us took precautions to pre- vent everything goiug down in the wreck." The merchants here are certainly surprised at the way money is pouring in from the South, no less than at the careless, indifferent tone in which Southerners speak of their defeat. They look upon it precisely as they would look upon a defeat in a political election. They have had a great fight, and they have been "well whipped," and there is an end of it. This is the way they talk of the "colossal Poland," as some across the water call the South. It seems quite incredible, according to English ideas, that the facts should be so; but the habits and trailing of the American people would lead them to regard a struggle of this kind in the light I have represented - that is as if it were a mere defeat at the polling-booths — better than other nations. The South, however, will not yield more than it can help. Secession and slavery are gone, but they are still disposed to hold with a firm grasp the principle that every man may do as he likes with his own "nigger." In this spirit Alabama refuses to allow him to give evidence in a court of justice. Out of the four States which have now held their Conventions, not one has agreed to do more for the black race than assent to what they could not prevent — the abolition of slavery. In South Carolina the civil authority is rapidly taking the place of the military. In Charleston the Mayor and Council have resumed their functions, and the State militia is being fast organised. The people are resolved to resist negro suffrage, and one of the candidates for the next Congress, General M'Gowan, has warned them in a public address that it behoves them to "secure a prudent, faithful, and patriotic repre- sentative in Congress." He insists that "the State, as soon as reconstructed, shall have entire control of the whole subject of her domestic affairs. The State, and the State alone, must be left to decide to whom she will give the right of suffrage or other political rights." Once restored the State will unquestionably have that right, and hence those who wish to see the principle of negro suffrage admitted urge the President to make it a condition of restoration. The new Constitution which South Carolina has agreed upon declares that the "qualifications for suffrage are the same as before." And here is a clause which Mr. Bright and his friends might think over — "The viva voce vote is substituted in the General Assembly for the suffrage by ballot." The whole of the States lately in arms are dis- cussing the opportunities for investments of money. The Tennessee newspapers point out the special advantages which that State offers for wool raising. The Savannah Herald wants the capitalists of Georgia to give their time and attention to the cultivation of tea. The Virginia papers urge the landowners to sell a portion of their property in order to enable them to cultivate the remainder, and the Richmond Times gives us an idea of the hearti- ness with which the Southern people generally are setting to work to restore their broken for- tunes:— "There now seems to be scarcely a lot [In Richmond] where workmen are not swarming like bees, digging new cellars, cleaning bricks, removing rubbish, laying founda- tionss, running up walls, doing the woodwork, roofing, lathing and plastering, and completing the work of the more advanced buildings, which it is now evident will be larger than any which were destroyed by fire. Iron, brown stone, marble, and granite will enter largely into the adornment of many of the public stores and warehouses." All this does not look like the utter ruin most of us have believed fell upon the South, and in confirmation of all that I have stated on the sub- ject I will quote a part of an article from the New York organ of the Southern party, the Daily News of the 9th inst.:— "We have heard of cases where this semblance of destitution was instrumental in protecting many a worthy family in convenient means of subsistence We have heard of other cases where this prudent assumption of indigence has enabled those who assumed it to retain wealth enough to defy the pressure of arbitrary power. In the first throes of disaster and its attendant dis- tresses the apprehensions of the South begot an extreme caution in this respect. In the first flush of triumph, the exactions and orders of the federal military authori- ties gave confirmation to the caution and justified the discretion. It is no reprehensible deception which seeks to retain what is rightfully one's own from the grasp of a despoiler, who seeks to seize it on unjustifiable pre- tences. The Government has at length put salutary checks on its civil and military agents, and the many in the South who hoarded up something for the stormy days are no longer afraid to bring the treasure forth. We are not, then, surprised to hear of silver and gold in most unexpected quantities, making an appearance in Southern cities. Even bullion, to no inconsiderable ' amount, is daily coming to light in the hands of its legitimate and reassured owners. Hate and articles of vertu, which, by the contrivances we have suggested. escaped the rapacity of those dressed in a little brief authority, are constantly passing into the market, con- verted into commodities for the revivification of trade. The changed condition of military rule is thus and for the reasons indicated, already bearing promising fruit and the poverty of the South, is gradually showing itself to be comparative, not positive." This is Southern testimoney, let it be remem- bered. So many theories about this war are gradually falling to the ground that the only two facts we can be quite sure of to-day are that the loss of life in the war was immense, and that the finances of the country are in a condition which gives uneasiness to well informed persons. On the other hand, the bulk of the people, not being well informed on financial subjects, the second of these two facts causes no alarm; and thus the country passes from four years of war into peace literally as if nothing had happened beyond what I hear many speak of as "a little family quarrel." At such a time as this the indiscretion of a single officer may provoke great mischief, and Major-General R. Woods appears to be anxious to make the experiment how much fresh ill feeling it is possible to create in Alabama. The Bishop of that state issued a pastoral to his clergy dated June 20, 1865, enjoining them not to use the prayer for the President and civil authori- ties while the State remained under mili- tary rule, for, as the Bishop wrote, "the prayer is altogether inappropriate and inapplicable to the present condition of things, when no civil authority exists in the exercise of its functions.". General Woods took exactly three months to think over this little outpouring of ecclesiastical wrath, and then issued an order, dated the 20th of September last, suspending the Bishop and all the Protestant Episcopal clergy of Alabama from the exercise of their functions, forbidding them to perform Divine service or to preach, and closing all their places of worship. If the Govern- ment was about to begin a religious crusade in this spirit we might despair of seeing good feeling between North and South restored; but it can- not but be annoyed at the senseless officiousness of a very foolish man, who deserves to be instantly removed. Whether General Thomas, the Com- mander of the Tennessee military district or General Woods, first hit upon this method of bringing the clergy to subjection or whether it required both their "minds" to produce their brutum fulmen is o[f] little consequence; but it is of consequence that the responsible person should be taught a lesson which will prevent him repeating his folly. The Bishop's order may not have been a wise one, but if every silly man who happened to be a General had the authority to command an entire diocese to say certain prayers and leave others unsaid, the relation of the Church to the State would soon cease to be so friendly as it has been in the past. The irritation caused by this order in the North is extreme; a more unjustifiable and lawless act was never committed during the whole war, and it is utterly without excuse now in a time of pro- found peace. The President's policy would have broken down long ago if all those appointed to carry it out had been of General Thomas's or General Woods's capacity. Senator Wilson, a leading member of the Re- publican party, addressed a public meeting last evening at Yonkers, in this State, and declared himself in favor of nominating Mr. Johnson for re-election. Thus, the bidding for the President becomes more animated every day. Mr. Wilson also said he was willing to assent to the following proposals with regard to negro suffrage:— "That coloured soldiers who had fought for the country should have the right of suffrage; that all coloured men who could read and write should exorcise the right to vote, that all coloured men who owned property on which they paid taxes and all coloured men who were members of a Church should have the suffrage extended to them." This is the last liberal speech which has yet been made on the part of the Conservative section of the Republican party. The news from England which we received this morning of the rise in American securities is held to be an evidence of the improved feeling on your side towards this country, and it gives great satis- faction. The Times' articles upon the Shenandoah and the policy of President Johnson, reprinted in some of to-day's papers, increase this satisfaction, and the popular prejudice against England, on account of the part she was supposed to have taken during the late war, will soon disappear before these tokens of friendly feeling. The Fenians are much disconcerted at the seizure of their arms and treasure in England and Ireland, and are begging hard for more money. It is considered that the English Government has by its timely vigour given the organization its deathblow. THE HUMMUMS.- The Times contains an ad- vertisement which will have interest for those who concern themselves with the history of old London. Most of these know the Old Hummums, in Covent-garden market. The place has existed for the best part of a couple of centuries, though of course it has been rebuilt since its original opening. At first it was, as its name (a corruption of the Arabic "Hamman" a bagnio, or bath) implies, a place for sweating baths — we have now come round again to the Turkish bath, with which many silly persons are killing themselves. But it became a tavern, and at one time had an undesirable reputation. In Hogarth's picture, Midnight Modern Conversation, there is a drunken parson, Ford, who died in this house. There is a strange grim ghost story connected with the death of this profligate. A waiter at the Hummums had been absent for some time, and returned, not knowing that Ford was dead. Going down to the cellar, he met Ford. Going down again, he met him a second time. When he came up, he asked some of the people of the house what Ford could be doing there. They told him of the death. He was seized with a raging fever, in which he lay for a long time. When he recovered, he said that he had a mes- sage to deliver to some woman from Ford, but he was not to reveal what, nor to whom. He went out, and was followed; but was lost sight of near St. Paul's. He came back and said that he had delivered the message, and that the woman, in terror, cried out, Then we are all undone. Dr. Johnson appears inclined to believe that there was something supernatural in the tale. The house, since I have known it, has been a very unromantic place. In one's younger days, when we stayed at parties until four or five in the morning, I have occasionally sought a bed at the Hummums, and for three hours of uneasy slumber, , and a tolerable breakfast, I have often paid the seven shillings ungrudgingly - the tariff now seems to mw to have been high. But, high or low, I shall pay it no more, for here is the conclusion of the history of the old house. "Old Hummum, Covent-garden, London, 15th of September, 1865\. Notice to customers. The proprietor begs to return sincere thanks for the kind support enjoyed for so many years, and regrets to announce that the hotel will he closed on Monday, the 18th instant, in consequence of the expiration of the lease, of which a renewal can- not be obtained, as the house is about to be pulled down, the site being required by the Duke of Bedford for the extension of Covent-garden market." If there are any books containing entries beyond those of mere account, John Timbs and Peter Cunningham ought to be at them. If all men who have visited the house had left their cards, some curious biographical hints would be obtained as to the earlier lives of many serious and respectable folks. NAPOLEON'S ALGERIAN JOURNEY - The Moniteur de l'Algérie enumerates the various distance gone over by the Emperor in his late African excursion. The distance exclusively of promenades on ..... sions around the towns in which his Majesty stopped was 1727 miles. If to this be added the 2130 miles travelled over between Paris and the Algerian coasts the general total of 4047 miles will be arrived at. There probably exists no parallel of such a distance being traversed by any sovereign in so short a time. MATRIMONIAL — The best means of "u»jf* an heiress" is with a coronet! 