PUBLIC MEETING-' AT THE CO OPERATIVE STORE. A meeting of the frienSs of Dr. Brookes, jailed together for the purpose of sympathis ing 'with him in the action lately brought against him for libel, was held iu the hall. 9/ the Co-opurative Store, Blane-Btreet, on Wed nesday ovening.. Tho titno fixed for the moet ing to tuko place was half-past Sevan o'clock, hut the proceedings did not commence until nearly nine, when about; fifty persons were pre aeut. On the motion of Mr. W. H. Wbyto, aeoonded by Mr. Colin' Christie, Mr. G.- A. Rodgsra vraa oalled upon to tako the chair. Mr. Rodgera, on taking the ohair, said ho littie anticipated that be should have been asked to preside over the meeting, but it gen erally happened that the duty of conducting public movements fell to the' lot of a few. It was with great reluctance he undertook the position he had been called to fill, but he ac cepted the office rat/icr than the meetiDir should fail in its object. The meeting hud been called by a public notice which ran as follows : — ' A oieetiDg of the inhabitants of Newcastle favor able to tbe expression of sympathy with the proprietor of the Newcastle Telegraph in the lato prosecution for libel will bo held in the Co- operative Hall, Blane-strcet, on Wednesday evening at hulf-past seven.' He had coma quite unprepared to make any address, 'and ho therefore flhould say but a very few words be fore he called upon any gentleman to propose a resolution bearing upon tbe question that had oalled them together. To give a start to the pioceedinss of the evening ho wouM at once declare that he was entirely in favour of tho movement, because he thought tho liberty of the Pres* and the cauee of truth ought to be supported. (Cheers.) With that view he took part in the proceedings of that even ing1, for he hsd no personal object to servo, and his only reason for coming forward was that he might contribute to tho Sp'rVsio good. It was necessary that all opiniuns should bo fairly represented by the Pre.^s; l..ut if tho Tele graph was put down they would not. be fairly re-presented at Newcastle. (Cheers.) There was am pis proof that tha editor of tho Telegraph deserved their sympathy, fnr there waa no ono who had served the public bettfir than Doctor Brookes. Ou the first establishment of the municipal system in New castle, his advice was asked on the best way of conducting the business of the municipa lity ; it was freely given, and at onee assent ed to, und there could be no doubt it was the best in the city. On the tonnage dues, also, his advice waa asked, and taken, and by hia exertions the port had been released from burdens, and impediments to its improvnment. removed. The articles in the Telegraph bad been written to. serve tho interests of the community, but ninny of those who had de rived benefit, from the Telegraph, after they thought they had got all they could out of it and had used it up, now wanted to annihilate it. It would ill become him to make any particular remarks on the late prosecution ; hut it was a most important affuir not only for the editor of tiie Telegraph but for the public. It wa3 not founded on truth ; however, he should not mention a single name in connec tion with it. Whatever remarks he had to offer in calling that meeting together, he should reserve till afterwards. The notice of the meeting referred only to those favourable to Dr. Brookes ; but ho believed that oven omoug his enemies there waa scarcoly one who did not arrreu with thu nliip.p.t. t.lifi» Imil in view, tie should like to ece the Telegraph kpj-t up, because if it ceased to exist aud they were left to the tender mercies of the Chroniole the public interest would suffer. (Cheers.) Mr. Adam said ho felt something in the position of tho chairman who. had been called upon to take a position he did, not aspire to j but ha had often found that if any oue declined to undertake hard work Tom Adam, tho carpen ter, waa the man generally called upon to do it, and he trusted the meeting would give him credit for bciog actuated with a desire for tho public good in his conduct. Since he bad en tered the room ideas had floated about in his mind ns to what course he should pursue, for he neither eaw the promoters of tho meeting nor their ghosts. (Cheers.) The faot of their not being present had made him write out a resolution which ho would put to the meeting to show that he was not de:id beat. He would remind them that those who nttonded entirely to their own business cared little for tho inte rests of tho public, while tho rr.an who dis charged his public duties must, in a great measure, neglect hie own. He had always eB dcavoured to dischargo hia public ujjties faith fully, and waa ready at aoy time to pull off his coat and become a stump-orator aa he had been oalled, if he thought ho could servo tho people by it. It had been aaid there were sermons is the stoncB, but he could tell all there were ser mons iu bricks, as ho would ehow them, in the diacuseion of matters that would come before them that night. When ho was a boy, although ho was no play-goer, he had seen Shukspere'o play — Othello, who when he came on tho stage, wus black, because some ono had painted him so behind the scenes. Othello was a noblo defender of the peoplo's rights, a true r.-.zn for the people; bmwas prosperous at the beginning of the play, and so there waa some one behind the soctit'fl cuvious of him, and that tried tc pull him down. Iu our day we had an Othello who mas siftsd with noble qualities, and oapabloVof doing erftrytbiog good ; but he was as liablWo commit fuults as Othello in tho play had donlJjefore him, and, liko him, was made the victin^lf- conspiracies and whisperings behind brick walk. Was Dr. Brookes entitled to sympathy tTRause ho bad committed a fault and waa punished for it ? ?Ho should grapple with what ho thought wna a niRtter of fact, and fhow them that Dr. Brookes waa entitled to their sympathy. The play ho had referred to was entitled Othello, or the Moor of Venice, and ho would ask them to draw a lino of distinction betwecu 'the two is their own breasts, for if Othello had com mitted tho fault that had diawn down upon him a prosecution for liocl he alone waa res ponsible for the aacj but if tho Moor did it, then was Othello entitled to their sympathy. Anyone who read the paper opposed to tho Telegraph could hco that it was the servant of u uivbiuii. a utj xvuservc question was at toe bottom of tho whole of it, for as soon as any one touched the Iloserve question' then was he to be bounded down immediately. Ho would leave them to gueaa what would bo the |conse quonoe if the Ohroniolo had it all its onu way., 'Mm The teporler of tho Telegraph is said to have -HB reported the words that he (Mr. Adam) used iff it the Council ; but if ho said them it waj 7 true, nnd if he did not say them he ought to f have sifid them. ? He contended that the I utrooFt freedom of criticism ehould be allowed \ tothePrees. If a lawyer was allowed to pleaj r his cause in any vray ho thought proper, eo I it ought to be with those who .had the coq- ''? dueling of the public Press, for the/ had a certain principle to serve, and ought to ba allowed their own discretion in the way they car' riod it out. It was moit important they should have an opposition pupsr. Lst them look at Sydney j what would they bo without one there ? This was the motion ho was going to propose : — That in the opinion of this meeting it h necessary, '-»' on public grounds, that the Newcastle Tale. ' f graph newspaper should huve the nctive sup. !' port and sympathy of this community, and in ,': order to give expressions to our feelings of \ sympathy, and support its proprietor against I the persecuting influence now being brought to bt-ar upon him for his fearless exposure of corrupt practices in the management of public nffairs, and defence of public rights. Resolved, thnt the city and district of N'e.wcastle ba canvasser! fnr Rithscrintinn.q tnWArrJii rlpfrnvtn^ the expenses incurred in the late and present j prosecutions for liliel, and to aecure the free dom of the Press, as represented in the Tele graph newspaper. The damages in tho last action for libel wero. laid at £1000, and in the present one, which I was still in embryo, £500. The Mayor ,' haviog brought tho Doctor to his kneeB, I the Town Clerk now followed his master's t example, and perhaps thought ho would crosh I him altogether. He]was glad to see the Mayor \ had been oontent to fix his character At £1000, ' and that tbe Town Clerk only asked for the ? humbler sum of £500 ; they were satisfied | with putting a money vnluo on their olmrao- | tors, but although lib (Mr. Adam's) Siaraoter . t was not worth as muuy pence, still it'was not [ to be bought for mouey. It was necessary for 1 the iutercst of the peoples of Newcastle that * the 'Telegraph' should retnin its position,. '{ whether it waa conducted by Dr. Brookea or by any one elee, and they had met there to give expression of their feelings of sympathy against persecution, and their sense of what waa right and just The Chairman had re ferred to the past history of Dr. Brookes, wbo, like all public men, had committed errore, and aB was always tbo case, his enemies selected his errors and left his good qualities iu oblivion. All great men had great faults, and if a man who devoted his life !o the service of the public had done them ninety-nine good turns, if the hundreth was not to their liking ho was forgotten and cast off. Tbe 'Chronicle' know well how to seize the hundreth —the one solitary fault— and to give a good whack with it. Dr. Brookea was qualified both bj edunatioft , and talent to take a prominent par' in publio i affairs, but was not always able to lay on tbe lash in such a w.iy as should eecuro tho lather. - Ho was a roan of strong feelings, and when ha did go at anything he went at it in stylo. It seomcd|as if he was dealing with strong diseases which requited that ho should use tbe knife freely. Pnblie opinion in Newcastle whb in an apathetic stato, and required a strong stimulant to rouse it up. It was true that tho Doctor had lo.-t friends and made enemies, but he had also turned many enemies into friend?, and if they believed with him that Dr.Brookes had many redeeming qualities, that the good ho had dono sjreatly overweighed the mistakes ^ he bad couirnilted ; then was he clearly en titled to their sympathies ? (Cheers.) But independently of any foelinga tho meeting mii'ht ejenresa towards Dr. Hrnnlrns nprsonallu ? the subject that Wl called them together was oue that requireirahcir immediate ar^d.activa co-operation and sympathy, for if they allowed tho ' Telegraph ' to be trampled upon, then they would endanger the rights and liber-ties of Newcastle. Jf the ' Telegraph ' was Wotted out, then would it bo impossible for them to obtain an hearing unless they Orst went and made privato arrangements with the editor of the ' Chronicle.' When the resolution was ? put he hoped to aeo every hand in the room hold up tov show the feeling they entertained towards the proprietor of tho ' Telegraph.' (Cheers.) After a long pause, tho Chairman rose and said that perhaps some, gentleman would se cond the cjolion pro forma sojthat others might speak to it. After another pauso, Mr. Walwark second ed the motion. Mr. Moor then rose from his seat, and having advanced to the table, was about to address the meeting, when he was asked by tho Chairman whether ho fas about to speak in favour of tbe motion. Mr. Moor P-ud he had not got up either to support the motion or to oppose it, but his character hr.c' bcon unjustly attacked, and he asked for a fair hearing to defend himself. The Chairman declined to hear him, unless he had an amendment to propose. Mr. Walwark said the placard distinctly stated that the meeting was called expressly for tbe purpose of expressing their sympathy with Dr. Brookes, snd they could not enter' tain any ether question. The Chairman snid tho meeting must be conducted in a regular manner. He wonld not deny that Mr. Moor had a perfect right to defend his character, but the motion must be disposed of before Mr. Moor oould be allowed to speak, unless he wished to move an amend ment. Mr. Walwark again donied that the meet ing could entertain any other question than the resolution before them ; but Mr. \dam suggested that if Mr.- Moor had any complaint to inake that he (Mr. Adam) had attacked his character that he should be allowed to defend himself at once. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Fletcher said that Mr. Adam had -»' fleeted on the character of Mr. Moor as tbe writer of the article whioh was the subjcot of the aotion against Dr. Brookes ; but if Mr. Moor was not the writer, he waa, in justice to himself, entitled to make an explana tion. After some further discussion, the Chair* man intimated his intention of taking tbs sense of tbe meeting on the qnwtion. M. Moor moved as an amendment on the origiuiil motion, that Iho consideration of it be deferred until his explanation had been heard. Mr. Gotf :ccondod the amendment. Mr. Walwark and Mr. W. II. Whyto ob jected to the amendment beiog received, ae there was nothing in tha original motion r« fleoting on Mr. Moor's charaotor. [/' Mr. Aclam thought Mr. Moor ought tp bo allowed to explain. Tbo Chairman read ths amendment, btft remarked that it was irregular, and as it .did not touch npon the resolution he could not agree with it ; but he would at all events put it to the meeting. Was it the pleasure of the meeting that ths amendment should be put? Mr. Moor said if he was to bo gagged ha had nothing more to Bay. He did not wish either to oppose or support the motion, but merely 'to offer an explanation about what had fallen from Mr. Adam. The Chairman then put it to the meeting whether Mr. Moor should bo heard or not,' and the question was decided by a show of hands j in the affirmative. Mr.Moor thereupon proceeded to address tho meeting. He would thank those present for the opportunity which they had afforded him of putting himself right with the public ia tho matter upon which he had been accused. It was not his intention to have addressed that meeting at all, unless direotly attacked, and he would now repeat that he neither supported nor opposed the resolution before them ; be ( simply desired to defend his character from the imputations cast upon it by Alderman — or as that gentleman wished to sink that title — Mr. Adam; and lie maintained that ho had, if not directly, — at least in such a manner as to be understood — oharged him with having done that which no upright man would think of doing. Most of those present knew well to -whom Mr. Adam alluded when he spoke of ' the Moor ' (a voioe : ' The cap fits ') ; tho cup did not fit, and before he (tho speaker) had done he would — if he got a fair hearing — prove that it did 'not. Mr. Adam oharged him with being the author of .an artielo published in the 'Telegraph,' and the ocntenta of which being libellous, caused an aotioa to be taken by Mr. Ward against Dr. Brookes. In reply l ing to this ho (tho speaker) considered it neces sary to or plain to them in whut capacities he ?was employed by the proprietor of tho journal referred to, Ho was employed sometimes as editor, sometimes as reporter, .sometimes as collector and' accountant, sometimes as an amanuonsis, and sometimes as an errand boy (laughter), and God knows in how many othor ?ways. (Mr. W. II. Whyto : Mr. Moor is out of order; he must confine himself t- an expla nation.) Ha (the speaker) wou'd not bo dictated to as to the method in which he should defend himself 5 if permitted to bo heard in his own defanoo, then he would defend himself in his own stylo (hear, hear) ; he demanded. to bo heard as a right ; us a working man, he asked that audience, mostly composed of work ing men, if they would deny him a hearing after his oharstotct had been assailed in that building-is it had been ? Was it beaause h« wan poor? or Was it bosunse he was a stranger ? Then 1 if they refused to hear him on such grounds, a Newcastle- audiooce, he believed, would bo guilty of doing that which no other in the colony of New Sooth Wales ever had dono ^applause). Ho had written the article re ^ ferred to, but only in tho capacity of Mr. Brookes' amanuensis ; he gavo an unqualified denial to the assertion that he was tho author of that artielo ; Dt. Hrookca hnd dictated some portions of it, aud the othor portions were oompiled from written instructions penned by Dr. Brookes himself. Gentleman n.iod not take his word for this ; he catno there prepared, i nnd ho would tell them publicly that Dr. lirookeit' own manuscript was now lying in the i office of his (Mr. Moor's) solicitor — Mr. Lips i comb — and anyono in tho meeting who doubted ' his word might seo it on application to that gentleman (applause). He (the speaker) did not come there to attack the proprietor of the ' Telegraph,' but as he had to earn his bread. » not only for himself but for his wifo and child, he canae thcro to defend himself a* an honest man. It was all very woll to speak of want ; Dr. Brookes had suffered, but had not he (tho L.j. speaker) suffered also ? Was ho to sit there and p'- hoar hims?lf branded with infamous conduct., 1 . and not reply to tho false accusation? They Y \ had mistakcu him if they thought ho would 1 submit to such treatment whilst possessed of I tho clearest evidence of his own innocence I ' (applause). And, with regard to tho report of Mr. Adam's speech in the Municipal Council, I which Dr. Brookes had stated he never saw I; until after it was published, ho (Mr. Moor) would tell them that this was false also, it waa )! clearly an uutruth; so far from Dr. Brookes not having seen tho report until after its pub lication, that gentlemau had actually ordered the insertion of tho very words attributed to Alderman Adam, and on which the libellous ; artiste wan founded. True, ho had taken tho „ words down in his report, and so far as n human belog could bo certain of auything, ho waa oor ' tain that he hud reported them correctly ; hs did not mean to assert that he bad not taken them down, but what ho did assert was, that ia furnishing his report to tho printer he had [ — seeing tho iujudiciousness of their publioa _ tion — left them out; and that no enviable feeling should exist in regard to the speeches of aldermen, he (tho speaker) had ia that week's ' Telegraph ' omitted every speech de livered in the Council — only giving the motions and results. Let any gentleman turn '? Jr. to tho ' Telegraph ' of that date and ho will §' see that the offensive words attributed to Alderman Adam and a few other remarks of his form the exception to the whole of the , ttpccchcs being left out. Then why was this part of Mr. Adam's speech only put in ? — Simply bacausc Dr. Brookes ordered it. Here ho stood and defied contradiction, whilst he fearlessly deolared that the report of the Council was sot up in typo without any of Mr. Adam's speech, and that after it was so set up, i the ' elipa'' were printed and seut to Dr. MIUUBCD mU 11*3 UlTU lUt^UCDVj AUla J M U 11U nHB»IUO in a public advertisement that he never saw the report until after its publication. Gentlo men could assure themselves of the truth of his (Mr. Moor's) statements on tin's matter without leaving the room. There aat Dr. Brookes' re porter — who w*s also r compositor in the ' Telegraph' office — aud lie (the speaker) chal lenged him to' contradict his assertion that the slips woro so sent to Dr. Brookes; here he stood and defied that reporter to deuy that the report was net tip in tht; Telegraph office with out the words complained of; ho (tho reporter sitting at tho tablc)was in Dr.Brookes'olfice,aud be knew that the true statement was now being given, and he (the speaker) challenged contra diction ; every ono on tho Telegraph knew of this if tboy would only 'toll the truth; ho be lieved they would ; but if they all camo forward there before him, and /lid out spenk (the truth, if they were all to contradict him, then ho would still stand there conscious of his own rectitude, and with clear brow, and an honest mind tell -them tho .same story, and lookiog upon -thoso who had falsely accused him be (the 6peukcr) would say— it is but another les sGii- — although, a hard one — in his life, and he would go on in |his own proper course living down in the consciousness of his own integrity the falsehoods which bad for a moment seemed to triumph ; but here now at this meeting ho defied the representative of Dr. Brookes to say one word in favour of his employer in this matter. Ho felt deeply whilst speaking on this- subject, for ho was a poor man, and a stranger amongst them, and ho had suffered injustice; ho felt tho more keenly the treat ment he had received beoauac those whom he believed were his friends, had instead of sup porting him been tho roost strenuous in their opposition and tried to stop him from defending himself ; bus he had gained a hearing in spite of them, aud he felt thankful for it. Ho had felt all along that he would get this opportu nity, and Mr. Adam, by hia attack, had created it ; he knew that those present were mostly friends of Dr. Brookes ; but still he believed tliat his caae was too clear not to carry to their minds an exculpation of bis (Sir. Moor's) conduct. Ho had been remind ed of Dr. Brookes' eloqueuco ; well, he (Mr. Moor) would toll them that ho was only sorry that Dr. Brookes was not present. Ho might bo eloquent ; but there was a power in truth which, proceeding from the lips of Bpeakiog man to listening man, carried oonviction to the hearts of an auditory. Ho had truth on his sido, and with that for a foundation, he would tvll them that ho did not fear to meet Dr. Brookes; with truth for his basis his language must bo eloquence itself 1 and no orator could pull dovru the structure roared upon it. (Applause.) Ho would tell them that ho would not only defend himself against Dr. Brookes, but against the highest and noblest in the land, ay, not excepting the Governor himself. (Applause ) [A voice : ' Don't, get excited.'] He would admit that he was excited ; but had be not had occasion lo get excited ? (Hear, hear.) Tho manner in which he had been treated was sufficient to oscite anyone who had a particle of respect for himself. Ho bad no desire to opposo the re volution ; nor did he come there to spoik agninst l}r. Brookes, whom he knew to be a veritable man. He only came to defend himself (hear, hear) ; and had he not a perfect right to dr- s:-? He had beea mtlgnedto the pubiie ; he hid been misrepre sented l-y auverti-emeut ; and ha had kept quiet, .md suffered und-.T it ; and now he had been (V.iblio'y assailed, and was he to be^r this in silence abo? He had g;me forth from Dr. Brookes' hiwhi the streets i.f Newamle without knowing whero to get a place to tike his'wift! and child, i.n I without the knowledge ofwherihe would olita:n bre-id for himself and them ; but he had lefr, trailing1 in God, and had obtained employ ment. So ftir fni'it conspiring, iio hud 111-vcr ap |i ied to the Chronicle, nor expsctsd lo act em ployuie it there, lie could prove that, finding; it imposnbte to put up with the treatment he was rejeiving, ho had written to Armid.ile, Tamwonh, Singleton, Sydney, and chcwhei'e, to obtain an engnjj-nunt ; 'that he had iippii-d to gentlemen in Newcastle ; but that the Chronicle was the list plac-i he thought of Ruing to. lie (the speaker) hud ;;one to that ofiioe concern ing an advertisement lie had sent them, as one of t'na secretaries to the R-ice (Jiub, and whilst trans acting; Ii:a business, a gentleman had requested him to t»ke an advertisement to the Telegraph ; hp (the speaker) had remarked thiil he would 'akeuthero to oblige, but that he had left Dr. Br jokus' i.fflee. Mr, M'Dickcn. on hearing of bin heiploss position, offered him work to do, and he hid thrown ofF bin co.it and accepted a place as. a working man: he waa now earning his bread by the labour of his hand-i, and he was proud that ho could do so. (Hear, hear.) And before sitting down he would remind Mr. Adam that be boasted of being a working man, and would tell him to be more careful in future ere- be attacked the character of another working man, and thereby endeavoured to deprive him of the bread which lie was trying to earn for his wifo and 'child. (Applause,) In conclusion, he would s.iy ih it he had left Dr. Brookes' minuscript in Mr. Lipscorab's posacs sion for his (Mr. Moor's) own protection, and nn ? (V*i* f!n» tin-i\na.i it F tnHiirt nr^i. ?» n rvi im.-f :he proprietor of the Telegraph j rind ho would be nappy to afford those who dmib'.ud him an op lortunity of seeing it. He concluded, amidst favourable demonstrations, by thanking the meet ing fur the hearing which it had g;ven him. Mr. Ciiriatie pail he had soon certain lib'.-lloua words, which had been shown him in hi* shop, n manuscript, in the report of the proceedings of the Council. Mr. Moor aaid that a reporter waa not in the habit of giving in all he heard lobe printed. The manuscript \vtn sent in to (he printer without the words spoken by Mr. Adam, which bed been in icrtod afterwards bv order of U.'. Brookes. He had t.iken the words down, and when ordered to report ihem he h.id reported them, nni! not before. I He had told Dr. Brookes that the words were not fit to go before the public, and hud kept them back until he was ordered to put them in the paper. If he had had any malicious intention he should have put them in the paper himself with out saying anything to Dr. Brookes about it. It would have been of no use to take down — or rather to invent— the words nnd put thorn ih a drawer afterwards if he wanted lo injure any on?. (Cheers.) If he had done thU with a malicious intention he would not have nauded Dr. Brookes to spur him on to put the words in the paper; and even admitting for a moment that he had mude a m stake wbo would that mistake have injured if it had not been published ? (Hear, hear.) But he maintained the integrity of his report; and what he asserted was, that when Dr. Brookes in his ad vertisement stated that he never seen cither tho article or the report before they were printed in hia journal, he asserted what was untrue. His lnanu sci ipt for portions of'thc one, and the fact that his compositors could not deny but the slips of the other went to him, was proof sufficient to exonerate him (Mr. Moor) from the charges against him. (Hear, hear.) [A voice : 'That's enough.1'] Yes, it might be enough. No doubt it was was enough for that gontluman ; perhaps it was too much f-r him. (Hoar, hear.) He (the speaker) thought it was nit ffinient to clear himself, anA to refute his enemies. (Hear, hear, and ap plause.) Mr. Adam said ' the explanation given by Mr. Maor was not reluvant to the point. It was the article that was in question, and UllllCl .LSI. UlUUIlt:* Uf L1LI. *U.UWl WIUIU 1U. HW doubt if Dr. Brookes were there he would show that Mr. Moor wroto it. Tho explana tion itself showed tho necessity of a second paper in Newcastle. Dr. Brookes, in his. apology to Mr. Ward, said that ho had never seen the paper, while Mr Moor said the manu script written by Dr. Brookes was in Mr. Lipsoorab's hands. Ho was bound to say Mr Moor was actuated by a Christian spirit in not briugiog on action, and no ono would be more ploasod than himself to have it proved that tho article was not written by the Moor, but by Othello. Dr. Brookes oaght to have socu tho article. It had been publicly stated that Mr. Me or had writtep the article, nnd had had an opportunity to defend himself. He hoped, for Mr Moor's sake, that what ho stated was truo ; and ho also hoped that Dr. Brooke3' statement was true. One of the two must have bocu guilty of gross falsehoods, and he (Mr. Adam) hoped it would yot be proved who really did write the urtiele. Mr. Walwark wished to nsk Mr. Moor wjiether he wrote theae words—' Here is a straightforward and manly accusation, and evidently much de served ? ' Mr. Moor v;a? proceeding to reply, whan Mr: Walhrark insisted upon nn answer — 'Ye%' ov 'No.' Mr. Moor, araid some confusion, insisted tlint he should be «!lowed to reply to the question iu his own way ; and if the people of Newcastle re fused him a fair hearing it was the first time it hail ever been refused him. This gcnileman asked a question and dictated the answer. That was a specimen of Dr. Brookes* friends, and the fair play they would allow him. He had already Btated that he sometimes acted in the capacity of editor of the T elegrnph and sometimes in Jhat of amanuensis to Dr. Brookes. Some of the article was dictated to him by Dr. Brookes, and some he had written from written instructions prepared by Dr. Brookes. Mr. Wallwark said that nat no answer to hit question. Mr. Moor said the manuscript was entirely in the hands of Mr. Lipscomb, aud could be seen by any one who wished. Mr, Fletcher said that if Mr. Moor did hot write the arlicle he was entitled to their sympathy; but it was their duty, whether the article was written by Dr. Brookes or Mr. Moor, to sustain the independence of the Press. They muat have two papers in Newcastle, in order that they might form un opinion of both. He confessed that he admired Dr. Brookes end the Telegraph ; but at the same time he acknowledged that more justice was done ky the Chronicle to (he miners now than in Dr. Brooked lime. It was through the Chronicle the strike at the .Borehole had been lost und the labour market swamped, by bringing up men from Adelaide ; but the Chronicle did the miners fifty times more juntica now thau it ever had done since Dr. Brookes left it. He would support the Chronicle if there was an attempted just as strongly as ho. supported the Telegraph. Whether Dr. Brookes or Mr. Moor wroto the article was a matter of little moment ; but to sustain the inde pendence of the proas was a much more important consideration. Any man who took n prominent part in public affairs was likely lo f.ill into error sometimes; nnd with all Dr. Brookes' faults he loved him st.l? If he had committed an error be did so with the best intentions, and therefore he was worthy of their support. (Cheers.) The motion was then put and carried. On the motion of Mr. Walwark, seconded by Mr. Fletcher, a committee was appointed to carry cut tho effect of the resolution, consisting of Messrs. G. IT. Rodgers, Adam, Holt, Irwin, W. H. Wiiyte, Fletcher, Christie, Walker, Fro win, Moodie, Ross, T. Bryant, aud Walwark, with power to odd to their number. Mr. Wulwark was appointed secretary. On the motion of Mr. Chri3tie, seconded by Mr. Witlwaric, a vote of thanks was passed to the Ch'-iirmun. The Chairman, in returning thanks, adverted to one point that had not been touched upon during the evening. In the late action against Dr. Brookes a most uncommon course of proce dure h.id been adopted. It was the custom in all ai lions for libel to demand an explanation of thp party offending, and ihsn, if none satisfactory were, given, to go on with the proceedings. If Dr. Brookes had never seen ..the «rticl'.- Iib ought to have honii allowed an opportunity of denying it. That looked very much like por«BCUtiorj. Where libellous language bad been used it was only jus! and fair that an explanation should be demanded, so ai to give the person on opportunity of recti fying the error he had made. This had not been done in Dr. Brookcs's case, which was an addi tional reason why he was entitled to their support. (Cheers.) The meeting then broke up. The New Goldpiblds of Dutal. — Yester- day we again visited the creek at Duval in which we mentioned, lest week, the discovery of gold. We found five parties upon it. The upper one was the prospecting party — Messrs. Lewis and Andruw Taylor — whose prospects keep pretty good, consi dering that they irs m.t yet able to take the work before th';in from the bed rock. Round the bend lower down was a parly of two men prospecting, and getting but the colour. Thpy informed us they had been prospecting above tho Gap, from the Lit tle Duvil side ueross and downwards, but they could not get the colour of gold until they had tried bolow the prospecting party. About 300 yards below them Mr. George Taylor and a mate were nt \rork with a crndle, and getting encourag ing prospects. Mr. Taylor washed out a panful from tliu rouj;h granitic drift in the creek while we were there, and the result was encouraging. He showed us some pennyweights of gold in a bottle, and several large and Very fine crystals. Wbore he is nt wurk the bank, particularly on the south ern Bide, is high an earthy, and there is a bit of a flat. Sinking in this bus been attempted, but the water level bpinj* reached before any heavy depo sit of gold can be expected, Mr. Taylor is of opi nion that it cm only be worked profitably by 9l-ip- ping in from the creek. Wo ihink so too. IinniR di&tcly; under Mr. Taylor, Mr. I My and two l.idi were prospecting, and giHtipg but the clour. Sr.tne 400 or 500 yards lower down, on a flut of some extent on the south side of the creek, we saw a shaft about twelve or fourteen feet deep, sunk by Mr. Whitlaker. Having reached the level of the water in the cn:ck, his sous had brought down a bucket and rope to clear the shaft. We could hear of no party lower down. Siuce our previous visit many persons bad come and gone, and we were in formed that a party from the Rocky had left with about a pennyweight of gold after nearly a week's trial. — Armidale Express, Sept. 2. Height of Gum-Trf.es.— In reply to our cor respoiuiniit 'F. F. N.,' in last week's ' Australa sian,' we may «tate, as tegarda Tasmania, that between Hobsrt Town and the Huon there is a blue gum 2-JU feet in height, and 30 feet in diamotrr 8 feet from the ground. The Huon pine, now only found nt Port Macquark*, measures 327 feet. As regards Australia, our correspondent will find in ills .t iisiraiHHian, 01 ,iuiy ^nu, » iiiuuiurdiiuuiii fiom Dr. Mueller, in which he ntatea, on the autho rity of Mr. Pembertoh Walooit, that there it a gum tree (lCu-Ml\plua diversicolor) in Western Australia, one specimen of which was calculated to mcasuru 345\. feet, and this was believed to be by no means the highest. Thr State-Aid Question — There is an on dit that Dean Cowpcr recently called on Mr. Charles Cowper, the Premier, to aUte that thv heads of the Church of England had coma to the conclusion, for the peace and comfort of the com munity, to sanction no movement that will dis turb the present arrangements in reference to State-aid. '.'?.' TF.Nnr.RS Rr.QUtrtEn. — Tendcri are required foriron woik,&u;,, (or steam onitie, Newcastle. — Gazette, Sep. 5. Maiti.and BimpiNo and Investment Societtj, — On M nudity evening the usual monthly meeting 0' of this society was held at Mr. Ilillcoat's Music Rc~ pository. After the receipt ofthe monthly subscription' redemption lmney an advance of LlOO was put up for sale, and after a brisk competition was knocked down for L77 premium ; the purchaser took LtOO more at the same figure 