EOADS, KENTS, AND TAXES. I From Tlmr-dav's Rcaistcr. I We never knew Mr. DulCeid to attack a Ministry whom be did not strengthen. At the present moment llie Government were just in that enfeebled state that any kind of victory could not be otherwise than a god send to them. O, that mine enemy would revive the squatting question! must have been the prayer of Ministers for the last few days, and lo ! exactly at the right moment, Mr. Duffield comes forward in the character of the " 'utnble individual," immortalized by Uriah Ueep, and does the very thing which the Government, wanted—opens the old case of the squatters versus the people, and gives the bankrupt Ministry a renewed source of popu larity—a source which was soon fortunately closed by the previous question, but out of which they managed to extract something like a little triumph. With the assistance of Sir. Glyde they turned aside the threatened censure, if cersure was really intended, and thus came out of the discussion, considering all circumstances, with flying colours; But the dead bor.es of the squatting question cannot be galvaulz d into life, even by the Ministry themselves. They stand now before the country upon other matters. Jtoads and taxes are the questions, upon which they are bring judged, and they must face the difficulty which they have created on these points, no matter what may have been the past popularity of the Chief Sec-ctaiy on the squatting question. They hare deliberately come forward with a policy which touches the pocket of every person in the colony, and the question is, are they going to stick to it or fly from it ? A Road Jdiil—as we pointed out a month ago—which revives the exploded " parish*' system once so obnoxious in England, and which also enforces a rate on country settlers at a moment when the Treasury is overflowing with money, was sure to i;e condemned with a shcut of disapprobation from one end of tbe colony to the other. Where are now the ad vocates of direct taxation ? We have lately | seen speeches in the .papers against this Bill from politicians who a month or two 8go were crying out " Down with ibo Custom-lio ntr," and *' Hurrah for land .tax, poll tax, and in come tax." But they have been taken partly at their word too soon. In t he midst of their theories they have been invited to become practical. They have been offered direct taxation for road purposes in exchange for the ad valorem duties, and what do they say? Why they are quite aghast at the proposal. They called up the ghost, but they bad no idea that it would come; sc they arc now frantic to get rid of it agaiu. It is amusing to see this ; but at the same time the action of the people at large—tbe settlers, whose interests lie in the country dis tricts, and who. have always set their faces against the free-trade measures of town politicians—is all that could be desired. They are animated by one strong determined resolve —the resolve not to tolerate new taxes in order tbat old ones might be taken off the shoulders of the general community. The Road Bill has been a doomed measure from the first day it was published. A single glance at it was sufficient to show that its clauses wete unsuited to tbe colony and opposed to tile interests of the public. We say this all the more readily now, because the judgment against the Bill which we pronounced three weeks ago has since been confirmed by the whole colony. In vain the settlers have been taunted with refusing to listen to the Treasurer when he offers to reduce taxation j in vain have they been ridiculed for hugging their chsins when they might throw them off and have cheap " soft goods" lor ever. They know well enough that to give the ad valorem duties for a laud tax would be to gain a loss— that their own burdens would be increased, and that if anybody derived adrantsge from, the change it would be the townspeople. A county rate, including town and rural dis tricts, may seme day be as useful in this colony as it is in the nuther-country. But at present our scattered population is not equal to such a system. The great highways of the colony must for years to come be made and maintained by the Central Government. This is a national work, and there is a national revenue for the purpose. A large Land Fund is in the hands of the Govern ment, and what wouid be more unreasonable than that tin's should be used for maintaining establishments, whilst neither roads nor bridges were supplied for the development of ths countiy ? If this is the policy of the Government, 110 anti-equatting popularity will save them. They display an ignorance of their position which is amazing when it is considered what an old topic this read question is, and what a vast amount of experience in the matter they and their predecessors have already had. Kot only are the circumstances of the colony unfavour able to the present scheme, but ihe practice in other countries shows that infant communities must have their main roads provided bv the Government. Xnis is tire first and chief work of the State until population becomes thickly settled. Then there is the nominee Board proposed in this new Bill. We should have thought that the Government had had enough of such Boards in their experience of the one at Port Adelaide. But, no; they take a backward step in spite ol all warning. They eut out the worst parts of the ltoad Bills rejected last session and patch them together in this objectionable treasure, " The force of folly could no further go; To make the third tliev join the formertwo." But tiits blundering Knai Bill would not have been so unaccountable if it had stood alone. The absurdity of the thing is that it is ushered in side by side with a promise to reduce taxation by taking off the ad valorem duties. It is this which so stirs the-wrath of the country. They are asked to be taxed in order that others may be untaxed ; for although the abolition of the ad valorem duties would affeet them to some extent, yet the relief would be feit chiefly by other classes of the community. Under these circumstances, a row on the squatting question would no doubt be a benefit to the Ministry. Therefore the threatened censure, feeble as it was, gave them an advantage. But do they think that Mr. Glyde would have come to their rescue in this little matter but for the convic tion that they would soon be deeper in tho mire 011 other subjects ? 2fot he. When that honourable member saves a Alinistry, from drowning it is because he thinks that they are soon going to be hung. 