^KT BRITAIN AND IRELAND. ?^?^?^?iiisemtivcs, says a contemporary ^^^B political gossip, mean to make a ^^^B effort to gain a majority in the next ^^^Ht Every city, borough, and. county, ^^H Conservatism has the ghost of a ^—^M to be contested. The time is come, ?^?M when they must win the prize o ?^?Mgive up all hope of it for years to ^^B no labour nor money will be spared ^^Bheir object. But it is confidently ^^?by the Government election agents. ?^?^?Kncxt parliament will be very much ^^?and if any change takes place it will ^^^?vour of the Government It is not ^^?Ie, however, that Conservatism will ^^?ewliat. The conservative agents are ^^Hje. than those of the Gcvernment, and ^^fc observes:— 'A paragraph has re ^^^?peared in a contemporary announcing ^^Vfnerston's approaching retirement ^^?-hc bfe. This statement, which in ?^^Hmere may have found credence, is ^?^?^BToid of foundation, and we trust that J^^^Bb far distant when such an announce ffi^^^V be necessary.' ^V ^ted that no application has been fj^^R » ,JB said, is any intended to be ^^HUe instance either of the prosecution ^^^Pence to remove the trial of Constance ^__EiJr!j1Bblu7- The learned counsel ^^^?'ded the prisoner in July, 1863, when jl^BTe1^ upon the information of JMrnm. mcker, of the metropolitan detec S^^B^Mbecu retained for the defence at ^?SSf1! *««* will tgke palce U |^B°.uFfU forgeries, it is said, arc to be ^???ff W approaching assizes at Chelms ^??f^se to be tried was originally |»BBfo recover an estate near Bomford^It S^H^J'f-at-law, being the plaintiff ^?Hto recover the property on the ground JB^EI^ ?*? under wUch the estate had ^??r^ed to WilUam EoupeU during the ,j^»fl^fatlier, was a forgery. WSliam H*?c.rlf member of Parliament for |BBB» «U1 be jmt in the witness box, as he gBBH° Previous occasion, to prove the gpBH 'K property in question, amounts to A9Bb1 hf ir e P?'14 raised ' whether the ^BB^telhng the troth or not, -when he j^pBJ?Wture]isa forgery. If theplain ^?V^lt will be that the whole of the ^BBT?? made away with by Mr. EoupeU, |BBB£tolus family, and tLose wboiare ?KS1' it 'Ul lose it jH?.^ once celebrated Chartist, flBBBfeT ^y6' on 26th May. Though l^BBFan.yethishmui, ;. ,,n:™__j '?j BBBBB7 fiJi h«l i«^^ *' uiuuiLttucu- mill BBfS'fi61^ » ^ wiTsO years ?C? »*: Pontyjpool, and has been ?BM^f^^ on '» autobiography. ?B»todS^phlc communication be BBF«&dh7; UM j now »' te™ dapped, KZr ?i°»n ^ three enoraous Kjl 11 *? -«* «hip in -which it BB--«ri tt 'TUton* voyage. Theme H^ MwS ''ftom h-™ both com BBF tfi, T a iuuidod i* over to the ?Bk^^ Anderson and the host of ^PTtt^f^^refnllytolayitalong BM^r th^Ubcooel1'- OntheStE BW»ys is theti™ ft, fine WBather, ?*w« V^^8 ^^ned on for the BBl'* Snr?S?i£.ve n^wtes; but as BBVWanlN*^?11?8 '- «-e timebe ?.bteUi^few York, he will actually BW f»r as 2^™? 'MowntransactionB ?fc'^teov'S,^ Jhanfatothe BBteforttJ~f' ,™e truly Amerioan feat BV- ™M of delivaring intelligence in Xew 'iork si.v l:ours in anlicipatiou of ][„ despatch from linden. . '\ ft;v. ty* W- '1-eG.nrr.l Atjc-rr-bly of ihe .Sctnsh Iree Church rettived the rti.ori of a ci ihiuitteu which has now brea in existence lor two years, appointed to co-kr with a com mittee ot the United Presbyitrian Church with a view to an Incorporating union of the two clnirclicB. Some other l'retbyterian bodies have also within the past yenr become parties to the conferc-nce. Last year, in the Synod of the United Presbyterian Church, and in the Free Uiurch Assembly, there were lengthened dis CT'^SJ°? U10 1uestirn of union, which elicited a decided difference of opinicn as to the duty of the ciril magistrate towards the church, this question, the majority in both houses indicated might be made an open one, all parties beine in' dependent of the Slate; hut there were minorities in both which called upon the com mittees distinctly to affirm the doctrines held bv the churches respecti rely. The joint committee was re-appointed by the majority of both sides and the report now given in states that consi' dernble progress bad been made daring the second year in comparing the opinions of the two churches, in which, generally, great har mony hud been evinced. The questio vexeda was not, however, touched upon in the present years report, and the joint committee now wished re-sppointment to complete their task intimating that a final report on the whole sub ject might be expected to he -made next year In both denominations the joint committee bag been authorised to prosecute (lie matter to a conclusion. Several speakers having addressed the assembly, the report was unproved and the committee re-appoiuted. At half-past two, on s recent Sunday morn ing, three men were fired at as ihev were passing through Callan- street, Armagh. One of them, it is said, waB shot in the back, and it is thought he cannot recover, as his whole body bas been frightfully cut up from below his ?boulders to his head. Another of them has received several slugs in hia back, and so did the third. CalUn Btreet is one of the Orange quarters of the town. A person —a well-known Orangeman— is charged with being principal in the outrage, and infor m mli?n^ Tebeen Bworn igaiost-feveral others. Ihe lenian movement, it i« said, excites very little apprehension among loyal men in Irclant although it would appe.r that it has delude* the Munster peasantry to a considerable extent Ihe Cork Examiner, referring to the subject, acknowledge a feeling of deep humiliation and sorrow in being obliged to publish a portion of tbe lengthened exposition of the Fenian organi sation taken from the veracious Arew York Herald For example, the American journal states that the drill exercise ii now vigorously enforced in every township and parish through out Ireland, by tbe officers, drill eergeants, and military envoys sent over by the order from America. The Cork journal ridicules this state ment, and asks who can be humbucged by it, yet it admits that there is indeed a habit among some of the young men in the towns of faUino into rank, and halting or moving at the word o command. But it denies that there have been any arms smuggled into the countrv, or that there are any military depots along the coast OBrrruBY.— General Kennedy, Sir C E. Grey, General Truscott, Dr. Sonthey, Viscount Cranbourne, Sir John Richardson, Sir John Maxwell, the hon. Thomas Stonor, the hon. Gilbert Elliott, General Marshal, Mr. Water low the naturalist, Mr. Stanfieia, Mr. Pennell, Sir LaceUes WrnxaU, Dr. Graham, the Bishop of Chester, lord Charles Fitzroy, Lord King sale, Mr. Wingrove Cooke, the hon. Lai Dashwood, and Sir Joseph P*xton. FRIGHTFUL RAILWAY ACCIDEJJT& (From the Borne Netoe.) An accident of the most frightful character has just taken place at Bednal, a station on the Shrewsbury and Chester Railway. A large excursion train, consisting of thirty-two car* riages, and drawn by two powerful engines, was proceeding from Liverpool to Birmingham. The rails had been newly relaid, and a portion ot them, it is understood, had Dot been bal lasted. On approaching that portion of the luie the carriages began to osculate fearfully, the train was proceeding at great Bpced, am the drivers seeing the danger attempted to draw np, but were unable to do so, and both engines dashed off the line, proceeding in oppo site directions. The scene that ensued baffles all description — from 800 to 900 persons were in the train, and the shrieks, cries, and groans Of the IWMr nrMtnrM vdm mnal- )ihi4wuuI.'.m The engines and a great portion of the carriages ?were smashed to atoms. One of the stokers was killed, and one of the drivers, seriously in jured. When the mangled bodies of the pas sengers were got ont it was found that eleven men and women and two children were killed, and about fifty persons, inclnding men, women, and children, were more or less injured, and the greater portion of them yery seriously. The bodies of the dead, who in. most 'cases were frightfully disfigured, were removed to the goods shed, while those who were injured were sent on to Shrewsbury. The news in the meanwhile had flown like wildfire through the town, and when the train bearing the wounded passengers arrived at the station many thou sands of persons had congregated there and in tbe vicinity, some to look after friends supposed to be among tbe list of billed or injured, while others were attracted thither in the hope of being useful to' the sufferer* At the inquest on roe bodies of the slain, the jury found a verdict of ' Accidental death,' but they ap pended to ita eeries of censures— first, on the Great Western Company for not providing better rolling etock and taking greater care of the way; next upon the* engine-drivers for u^icuioug viguiUB niu unvmg ttb hn great speed : and, lastly; on the platelayers for neg lect in tiie manner in which they did their work. Mr. Giieroon, the manager of the Great Western Railway, briefly addressed the court, and de scribed the measures which the directors were tftlfinw to ensure the satisfactory working of the trains and the perfect safety of passengers. Another seriouB railway accident took place on the Great Western Railway the other night, at a part of the line a little above Bristol The mail train from London to Plymouth came into collision with an up passenger train, and before they could be cleared an excursion train came into collision with the mail train. Several of the passengers were seriously iojured, but it is understood that in none of them is death likely to ensue. The' two preceding accidents on ihe Great Western Railway have been followed by one even more startling on tbe South-Eastera line. The fast tide train, timed to leave Folkestone at 2.30 p.m. on too arrival of the passengers from Boulogne, who quitted Paris on a recent morning at 7 o'clock, started, as usual, with about 110 pabsengerB, and proceeded nearly 30 miles on its journey, when at a place, called Staplehurst, the accident occurred, which bas been productive of inch lamentable consequences. t amwan that at this Doint tbe railway crosses a stream, which in winter ii of formidable di mensions and considerable depth, but in manner ?brinks to the proportions of a. rivulet. . fOh tbe bridge itself 6 plate had been loosened by the platelayers, and the engine running oter this was thrown off the rails. ' Tfcough displaced from its proper track the locomotive adhered to the permanent way, but tbe train broke into two parti, and eevenor eight of the carriages plunged into or through the stream, a fall of -se- veral feet. These unhappy vehicles were «o crushed and shattered to pieces, that together tbey did not occupy tbe space of two whole car riages ; cushions and luggage were thrown out, into, and upon the mud in all directioni ; and as regards the occupants, thee»d«tory was only too truthfully told in tbe telegram received in town shortly before four o'clock :— ' Several killed at Staplehurst ; miny more injured.' On receipt of this information, the manager and traffic superintendents immediately left London bridge, and proceeded to tbe snot in a ipecial train taking with them serend surgeons, while other medical assistance was summoned from Ashfordand Tunbridge, to the number of 26 in all. A glance at the condition of tbe tram and a hasty recognition of the class to which the occupants belonged showed that tt was so ordi nary accident which badoccumd. The carriages that went down into the water were so twisted, flattened, and turned upon their BtotbB it was imiwssible to say whether the unfortunate t^Kide had bW killed outright by the shock, or suffocated as they lay in the water and mud. Those of the passengers who escaped injury, in the first instance behaved nobly to wirds their fellows in distress; there was no standing irresolute on the bank ; everything that willing hands could do was done, and done at once ; but; in spite of every effort, tea lives had been lost beyond recall, and twenty is toe lowest estimate that has been formed as to the wounded. Mr. Charles Dickens had a narrow j cmapc lfe \r.& in Hie train, but, fortunately W hiuistlf and for the interests of literature, u-Cfiypil no injuries whatever. The coroner's jury iu this case returned a verdict of 'man- slaughter ' against, Mr. GalJimore, the district inspector of that jiortion of the line where the accident occurred, and Mr. Benfie, foreman platelayer. The evidence adduced leaves no doubt whatever as to the cause of the accident. The platelayers were at work on the bridge over which the train went, and at the moment, when the engine came in sight had two railB and timbers up. A signalman had been sent back, but only for about 554 feet. The foreman had made a mistake as to when the train was due, and hence thu catastrophe. Another of the sufferers has died in hospital, and two others are nut expected to survive AMERICA. New Yoek, June 14. The news is of a painful character. The accounts from all parts of the South depict a condition of deep distress. There was a scarcity of provisions. Disorganization and idleness prevail among the negroes ; poverty and disappointment among the whites. On the 10th, a party of 200 soldiers attacked a settlement of negroes in Washington, drove them from their homes, beat them, destroyed their furniture, and appropriated whatever of value could be found. The negroes subse quently rallied, when a fight ensued, in which lire-arms were used on both sides, and several persons were injured. The riot was only quelled liy a military force. Expulsion and beating cf negroes arc of daily occurrence in New York and Philadelphia. An opinion lifts been given by Attorney General Speed, to the effect that paroled pri soners of war are not exempt from indictment aud prosecution by the civil courts for their acts during the war. He declarei General Jobn Morgan's men, subjects for arrest and trial for lobbery in Kentucky ; and the courts and the Federal Government ought not to interfere with the execution ol sucb process. Mr. Davis is still conBned at Fortress Mon roe, but there is a report that General Breuken ridge has escaped to Cuba. The grand jury of Norfolk had brought an indictment of treason against Generals Lee and Longstrtet, Governor Smith, Letcber, und forty others. An explosion occurred on the 9lh June at the Government ordinance depository at Chat tanoogo, containing several thousand tons of ammunition. Shells (lew io all directions, and, exploding, killed many persons and Bet fire to buildings. The estimated loss is 400,000do1. This explosion occurred almost simultaneously with a dreadful conflagration at Nashville, and another at Gallatin, which leads to the suspi cion of incendiarism. A recent explosion took place in Mobile, by which several lives were lost, and immense property destroyed. It is believed to have originated with a torpedo, Beveral having since been discovered In the custom-house of that city, adjusted to explode upon the opening of doors, or secreted in desks or piles of rubbish. The trial of tbe conspirators is still proceed ing. The witnesses for the defence are in course of examination, but no new or startling develop ments have taken place. The Washington correspondent of the New York Herald writes as follows :— 'A formal demand has been made on the Spanish govern ment for the surrender of the rebel ram Stonewall. It is not the intention of our go vernment to abandon or abate the demand on England for damages upon our commerce by tbe rebel pirates. Enough of our armies will be retained to enforce any demand upon foreign governments. It is understood that preliminary measures have already been taken to enforce the Monroe doctrine, and a notifica tion has been sent to Napoleon that he must not only send no more troops to Mexico, but must withdraw -those he has there, and leave the people of Mexico to decide for themselves whether they will have a republic or au empire.' General Kirby Smith has surrendered, but the Federal Government has, nevertheless sent troons into Texas, it is thought with a view to Mexico. The negroes in the South are likely to give great trouble, and have excited so much bad feeling in the North that in some places they are harslily treated. In the South they demand the franchise. In Kentucky the whites refuse to employ the negroes and have appealed to the President. The following description of their conduct is brought by the mail, which left New 5ork June 10th :— The condition of the freed men at the South iB said to be far from what their friends desire. They are flocking to the cities and large towns in such numbers that employ ment even for those seeking work cannot be secured, while from the same cauBe labour in the agricultural districts is becoming scarce. The negroes hang about the military camps, a fact which has called forth from the military commanders a number of orders requesting the blacks to work, and refusing to issue them rations to be eaten in idleness. In some sections the negroes are perpetrating gross out rages by organised bands. In South Carolina, the people are in fear of a general insurrection among the blacks, and isolated plantations without military guards were in many cases abandoned. ? 