ROUGE-ET-NOIR. (From Note by the Special Correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph.) Strasburg, August 13. I DM) that up to to-day 28,000 visitors have come to Baden-Baden they must be, I think, now 28,002, a couple of my friends arrived last night, and have not yet been registered perhaps this is being too particular-yet it is the general complaint that there never has been so little life "Why is this You pause for a reply I will give you one, but will neither endorse it nor even assert it as a fact A little bird whispered to me say a little bird but in truth it was a substantial banker-that, from the moment of the exclusion from the rooms of Baden of the Parisian demi-monde the place was, as far as fashion is as concerned, doomed But this, supposing the judgment ofthebinker tobe right, is very unfair Anybody who goes to the rooms and examines the toilettes will be able at once to refute the accu faction of any party orderlies being excluded from the looms of Baden The fact is, Baden is suffering from general elections-from Trouville and Deauville, where the races have been a great and almost Goodwood SUCCeSs trains and trainers, racehorses and houses, mixed together in one great and amusing medley-and from the general facility of travelling, which now takes everybody everywhere there and back with a return ticket " available for a month " Will somebody kindly explain to our countrymen that many persons not born in London yet understand English Yesterday during the performance of the band, I happened to sit next to two English scandal mongers, one of whom was very deaf, which entailed the publishing of the libel' in the very largest type and they really-they were he and she enlightened all Baden about the shortcomings and for camps of our countrymen at Florence, Rome, Naples, See, till I was forced to go home In truth, you should never say a word in English which you would not cry from the church steeple All natives now understand English, and it is difficult at first sight to discover natives from foreigners For instance, a friend said to me only this very day "How far these German women do get'" and it was the respected and respectable wife of Briggs, of Bristol, who is here during vacation " He rides like a tailor, he does," then observes my friend, and it is Higgins, also en seance, whose equestrian powers are derided Formerly on the Continent we were hated by the natives, now we are also hated by our fellow country men. This comes of beards and moustaches, and the wearing of odd huts and the consequent confusion of llUtil.Iiillitkb. The secretaries for the races were received by that men desirous of managers, M. Well, yesterday 2 in the Highgate they are exactly the same number as last year. We had a great ball last night all the beauty and talent, all the respectable element of linden. Le Petit Prince has come back to us, and yesterday improved the shining hours by winning 32,00. before two p.m., between which hour and three p.m. I saw him was twelve coups out of fifteen, each stake being 480. "They will get it all back, Prince," paid a friend ; .. I think not," replied the ingenuous youth "lam playing M. Benares with his own billets de banque ; he'll get none of mine." As one draws near Strasburg many old illusions and delusions naturally rise before UB. We dream that we dance once more in marble halls. We hear Jullirn playing, let us say the Olga waltz, or some other antediluvian measure. We see " mothers of families and others," as they say in advertisements, restored to their original standing on the staircase ; young ladies " blushing at the praise of their own loveliness this was before the new school of paint- ing flowers smelling as they never smell now. We finish our wants and accept the kind invitation of our hostess, Lady Belgravia-" at home a small early party. always the best to go down to supper. '. And all there revelations of the chaos of memory suggested by Strasburg !" your readers will say. Of course is it not the capital of the province of Pate, the very metropolis of Foie Gras, without which the supper rooms would have afforded only Barmecide feasts, but for which I doubt if I should have taken down Miss Mulatto at that ball of the Belgravian lady ? Oh, kindly bird of Strasburg ! Oh, generous Alsa tion goose ! Who would say " Bo," or indeed any other word which might cause annoyance, to such an absolute and willing victim to society? True, men may say of you as they did of one who was no goose that you give up to parties what was meant for mankind, but then consider what parties would be without pales! What a noble martyrdom-a dyspeptic goose congesting his own liver for the good of his fellow-creatures; and how good, too, are the results L. I am longing for this digression, but this is a f;<>< to which is really a swan in my eyes, and, when in death he shall calm recline," he bequeaths a legacy to supplying humanity, which, taken with thin dry toast, a little cold boiled chicken, and just one tumbler of dry champagne, will quite reconcile the consumer to the sacrifice of the victim, Respected reader, did you ever try to get to Strasburg from Baden ? It is " CIOFC to," as they say in Lincolnshire, but yet how fared! After about two hours within eye-shot of the cathedral, you make Austerlitz, and are told by the guard that " you are there " and then you keep moving in a vicious circle, and revolving round the fortifications, till you believe that Strasburg is a myth and the Dom a delusion. Now the spire is before you, then you see it over the right hand, then ' it is behind you, and then it is over the left. In fact, you are taking a strongly fortified town, and all military ingenuity has been applied to render the advances as difficult as possible. You get in at last though. 1 ron i mber once passing six weeks before a besieged town. We got up at late hours of the day and night. We posted hundreds of miles, risked our lives and even our digestions to be present at the taking of that " stronghold." At last came the " attack." We were eminently successful. I say " we "-Lord bless you, it was no business of ours-the garrison ran away and the gates were open to us; after desire came fruition. We sent in an " orderly" to see the place, and he reported there was nothing to Bee. We never entered that long-coveted gate. Now getting into Strasburg to-day I thought of that beleaguered city. What is there to see in Strasburg? A cathedral," at once asserts the well- informed reader, and right he is that we well-informed reader, and a pity it is that that same cathedral looks so metallic-so much, indeed, as if it was cast in iron for it is very splendid. Turning to-day cut of the great glow of an August sun, and leaving " the glad precincts of the cheerful day" in the still more glad precincts of a pleasant shade, I thought I had never seen a more splendid interior. As for the windows, they are past praise-and the clock ! Why, it not only tells you the time of day, but the time of the next day, the age of the moon, the state of the atmosphere, the way of the wind, and, I believe, the departure of the trains. The hours are typified by full-grown men, the half hours by youths, the quarters by hobbledehoys, the minutes by boys, and the seconds by babies. But having seen this, what remains in the city of pie? Nothing. You had better go back to Baden, or, if so minded, sleep your way to Paris. Perhaps I should mention that, for its size I say, mind, for its size Strasburg has more nauseous smells than Cologne. And then it is so dull ! I saw that there was a theatre, but you felt by the dingy look of the bill altered in ink-that the first performance had failed, and that at the second the " company " had given up the ghost. I observed that somebody wanted to sell oil " his or her stock-in-trade, but, Lord bless you, he or she will never do it; there are no buyers. Neither will they ever get that " subscription "-there are no subscribers. Nor will anybody take any of those " excursion tickets at reduced rates ;" why, Sliabburg itself has taken a return ticket," and gone off to Paris by express train, leaving-as is ever the case with cities who were great " in the good old times, the mere skeleton of a provincial town. One thing, however, is worthy of observation here the strange fantastic architecture of the quaint old houses, many of which have four stories of attics over and above a liberal allowance of floors. Fancy calling on a friend on the ninth or tenth floor, his being out, and your being asked " to look in again in about a quarter of an hour " The natives are evidently very anxious that you should see their city. " Will you go up the tower, Monsieur, the day is clear?" Clear! It was 10,000 in the shade Fahrenheit. " No, I will not," observed your correspondent. " Will you go upstairs and see the works of the clock?" "I'll not do that either." "Will Monsieur descend into the vaults and see the bones?" Monsieur, roused and irate, declared that he hoped the bones might be grilled ; he would not go up or down, above or below; that he hated the clock and all his-woiks-quite like the devil in the catechism and then went home, vexed and dusty, to an indifferent table d'hote. 