THE PLURALITY OF INHABITED WORLDS. [FROM THE SATURDAY REVIEW, OCTOBER 8.] Tho controversy concerning the exislence of life in other planetary bodies than our own earth — or, in other words, that of the plurality of inhabited worlds — has slumbered in this country since its temporary revival ton 3 years ago. By the common consent, not only of those who were qualified by special study to pronounce an opinion on a purely scientific subject, but also of most persons of ordinary practical under standing, the qnostion was perceived to be wholly insoluble in fact, as well as sterile in all practical results. The utmost that could be made out on the affirmative side was that there were no physical conditions known to belong to other bodies differently situated in space from our own globe, actually incompatible with the existence of some form or other of lifo or organisation. It could be proved that even upon our own planet forms of lifo exist under varieties of heat, light and chemical or other physical conditions, as cxtremo as any that need be considered to exist in other members of tho solar group, or on tho sur face of the sun itself. And though it could not be said that the range of life assignable to hnman kind, or to tho other higher types of organisation, was so wido in extent, it scoined arbitrary to dony to a prin ciple so infinitely plastic as that of organic life tho power of manifesting itself in types approaching to that of man, types, it may bo, n littlo lower than the least developed variety of his race, or, it may bo transcending, for aught wo know, the highest form in which humanity has displayed itsolf on earth. Tho sum of tho argument from scientific data was little moro than negative It attained, at tho most, to no moro than a dogreo of probability vesting upon analogy, and approving itsolf to this or that mind as tho bias of fancy or prepossession in clined, rather than as strict reasoning and tho obser vation of facts would logically tend. Tho most mis chievous result, however, of tho controversy became apparent when — instead of being treated, as it should by rights have been, as a question of strictly seiontific investigation — it was brought under tho light of metnphyaical, moral, and theological specu lation. The argument from final causes was invoked by one class of disputants, that from religious dogma or tradition by another. But horo, too, as in the former case, it was found that either argument could be turned in different hands to support diametrically opposite conclusions. To those who went with the eminent reviver of the dispute, in his "Essay on the Plurality of Worlds," a reference to the Divine design clearly evinced the uninhabited state of all other worlds save our own, because man is intended to be the exclusive recipient of the Creator's benefi cence. To those who obeyed tho scientific teaching of ' Moro Worlds than One,' it as manifestly proved that the planets, and oven the members of tho most remote sidereal systems, must be teeming with rational and spiri tual beings, in order to exalt tho same Croator's perfections and to render a reason for their exist ence. A curious dilemma was tho result. On the cue hand, it was argued that theso bodies must bo inhabited, because they could onlybave) been crea tod for tho sustenances of lifo ; on the other, that they could not be inhabited, becouso they could only havo been created as foils to enhance tho dig nity of the earth and of man. If ono class were right, tho universe must bo inhabited, because a veid universe would be useless and without an end ; if tho other, thoD a void nniverso is necessary for the exalta tion of man, and of the Divine dispensations towards him. In this state of dead lock tho problem has since been allowed to rest amongst ourselves. It still, how over, appears to havo retained its chnrm for the loss m«,ttcr-of-fact and utilitarian class of minds among our neighbors. M. Camilla Flammarion — a com petont practical astronomer, as is shown by his previous writings upon celestial subjects, no less than by his offioial position as assistant at tho Ob servatory and the Buroau of Longitudes — has avowed himself a passionate partisan on tho side of tho plurality of worlds, and may bo said to have ex hausted tho arguments in its behalf. Not content with tho physical or strictly scientific treatment of tho subject, he pursues it into its bearings upon the entire realm of knowledge or belief. To his fervid imagination it swells, as be proceeds, in pro portion and importance, till it becomes at longth commensurate with philosophy itself, and appears as the basis for a new and all embracing system of religion. In the original im pression of his work ho seems but to havo shadowed out the faint conception of such, a system. But tho germ has sinco grown to gigantic proportions, and tho work has boon entirely re-written. The faith of the world sooms to him to bo dead and buried. The relations of man to the universe, to himself, to God, have boon Bhitkon and overthrown. History is dried up, philosophy has no voice, religion expires in enigmas. The past is exhausted, tho present is chaotic, the futuro, save for ono ray of light, remains dim, unmeaning, inexplicable. What remains but to open to man new and wider relations, to declare to him bis true place in the universe, to connect him with other beings, other worlds than his own, and encourago him with tho hopo that closer communion with thoso being3 and thoso spheres may form his blissful and immortal lot ? Man has boon taught too long to look upon himself as alone in tho world of consciousness, to consider his little speck of matter the cole centre of lifo, intelligence and will. The ant has conceived his ant-hill to be the only scene of activity in the nnivorse. And this isolation of himself has naturally given birth to an inordinate and ridiculous conceit. Man has plumed himself upon being supreme lord and master of creation, and has absurdly fancied tho wholo forces of matter nnd all the hosts of heaven to be made for his con templation or his nse. It is time for this silly pride to be humbled. And under tho chastening hand of astronomical study, rightly directed, mankind will for the future take a humbler but a truer place in the ordor of animated being. Our humanity will assume a rank, though it be the lowest, among tho manifold humanities of space. One law of belief will henceforth exist for all — the Religion of Scionce. The first of the five books into which the treatise of M. Flammarion is divided consists of an elaborate history of tho doctrine in question. In fulness and accuracy of learning ho horo leaves behind all that has been compiled upon tho subject by English writers. In point of logical effect, however, it would be vain to attribute much strength to such a chain of authorities. It is curious as a chapter in tho history of opinion. It forms a tribute to the in dustry of the compiler, but it proves nothing more. A catena quite as copious and authoritative might be as readily drawn out on tho other side. And in questions of pure science great names go for nothing. A single fact of experiment or observation must be allowed to outweigh the accumulated opinions and traditions of centuries. It is a matter of historic interest, but nothing more, that the idea of tho moon and planets being peopled was oommon to the ear liest races of India and Egypt, that it entered into the Nirvana of the Aryan sage, into the Chaldean and the Orphic cosmogonies, into the celestial symbol ism of oar Druid and Celtic forefathers, and into tho half-religious, half philosophic mythelogy of Greece. It was caught from Egypt by Thales, it was handed on by the wholo Ionic school through Anaximander and Anaximcnes, till it reappeared in Origen and Descartes. It formed one of tho charges of heresy that nearly proved fatal to Aaaxagoras, as it subse quently added to the doom of the unhappy Gior dano Bruno. Pythagoras and Domooritus, Timaius of Locri3 and Aachytas of Tarentum, Xenophanes and the Elealic school, were in harmony upon this one point. Petronius of Himera wrote a book in which he maintained that tho number of inhabited worlds was one hundred and eighty three — an idea, says Plutarch, which, from a mys teriouB old sage, had spread for centuries as far as the Indian seas. This mystical number was made out by viewing tke universe as a triangle, the sides of which were formed by sixty worlds, having each angle further marked by a single world. AVhether, however, wo trace the development of the idua through all tbe oscillations of opinion in tho classical or medirnval ages, in Lucretius or anti-Lucretius, in Nicolas of Cusa or in Montaigne, im Galileo, Kepler, Huyghens, or Fontenello, it must be obvious that the value of their testimony cannot exceed that of the considerations on which it rests. In a icientific point of view it is no more to bo quoted than it might bo in faror of the existence of witchcraft or of ghosts. It is to the second or physical portion of M. Flammarion's work that we ought to look for the real grounds of hia conviction. It is in this, however, that we feel more and more the vague and hypothetical nature of the problem. It is impossible to do more than enunciate with somewhat more fnlnesB of detail these physical conditions which Herschel, Sir David Brewster, and others have laid down, as limiting the possibilities of life elsewhere. On the rotations of senBe and other bodily functions to beat and light, or those of muscular force, stature, and action to terrestrial and solar gravity, nothing new is hero eaid, or apparently can be said. A complete mil highly graphic pcpalar description is indeed given of tho solar system, and of its constituent orbs — of tho distance, size, weight, and density of each, together with the calculated ratio of heat and light which each of tho planetary bodies derives from tho sun. And there is littlo need of tho author's im passioned rhetoric to onhanco the testimony borne by thoso elementary facts of science to tho vastness, tho harmony, or the mojesty of creation. But they leave tho real point of the inquiry exactly whero it was. Tho method ef final causes iB next appealed to. Is it possible to conceive that the beauty, the splendor, tho utility of this infinite system were designed to bo appreciated and enjoyed but by tho scanty inhabitants of ono miserable little corner of the whole ? Fraucoeur, by way of giving us an original idea of tho earth's mass, calculates that to Bet in motion such a globe at tho surfaco of oar planet would reqniro ten thousand million teams of ten thousand million horses each. To start the sun, declares M. Flammarion, not less than 3,550,000 milliards of such teams would suffice. And is the giant to exist for the service 'j.nd accommodation of the mite ? It is when ho passes from the physical or physiological to tho moral and the theological point of view that tho writer is able to soar to tho height of his argument. His method seems to bo mainly that of assuming the universal diffusion of life thoroughout creation, and of leaving to tho gain sayer tho task of cstabliiihing tho right of the earth to a monopoly. Why should ours bo tho privileged world ? So far from being the best in a moral sense it is absolutely bad, and would bo known for such but for the inveterate optimism of its rulers, especially its philosophers and priests. Tho fallacy with which M. Flammarion has no patience is that wlinf.n vpr pxi«*f,q hpro ir inf rinaicall v trood. In face of tho actual state of tho world every candid man must be a pessimist. The wolf is for over proying upon tho innocent shoep. Brutal force woighs down virtuous weakness. Dark passions dominate here, base in trigues bear rule there. As in tho days of Brutus, good men may be counted on the fingers. Before the Supremo, indeed, all is optimism. Viewed as a wholo, His works are all good, all holy, all benefi cent. Bat where is this His rule carried out in fact ? Not on the earth, we havo soon. There must then bo further and superior spheres of lifo and action ; and tho plurality of worlds is a necessary truth in a philosophical tjense, and demanded by justice in a moral senso. Many writers havo gone into the ques tion of the probable stature, strength, and configura tion of onr fellow-beings in other spheres. Christian Wolff long ago fixed tho height of the inhabitants of Jupiter at forty feet eight inches. The Fourierists have moro recently imagin»d a kind of celestial hierarchy in which the successive groups rise ono nlinva nnntliftr. in nnalouv with those of tho lower universe, into what M. Renaud has termed hinivers, trinivers, rjuatrinivcrs, Sea. The planets thom selves have souls, and die out, as ours will do, to give place to newer forms of planetary life. Swedonborg, everybody knows, grew so familiar with the inhabitants of tho several planets in which ho was in the habit of spending his leisure moments of spiritual ecstacy, that ho has left na little to find out touching tho moral aud other characteristics of our brethren in theso abodes. Tho feelings with which we, in turn, inspire thoBO romoto relations _ ef ours — tho lively warmth of Venus, the dignified calm of Jupiter, the sardonic coldness of Saturn — are not less matters of fact nnd veracity. Science, thus interpreted, points to a place for our souls among those radiant spheres. Transported among now conditions of existenco, they may contract or put forth powers akin to thoso of the happier beings whose lot haB been already cast there. And, as to what that lot may be, it makes tho mouth water to liston to M. Flammarion lecturing us. In Rn.atmo sphore no longer composed of oxygen and azote, what ills of climato may not bo spared those fortu nate donizens? The wholo pulmonary apparatus is doubtless modified, and with it the wholo system of organic functions. Instead of tho gross and clumsy plan of keeping up the bodily growth and warmth by food, liquid'and solid— tho degrading expedient of borrowing for that end tho debris of other beings, and, worst of all, that of killing and devour ing those endowed with life— thoro may bo a system of ' nourishing atmospheres' coinposod of elements nutritions in themselves, and capable of assimilation by organs of corresponding ethereal texturo. In tho genoral repeal of laws which belong to man's stato, that of ' labor' may come in for the earliost abolition, and with it go all those vulgar cares, appetites and ambitions to which so much of tho misery and ennui of terrestrial lifo are due. Vice will never have arisen. The origin of evil will offer no point for philosophers to wrangle over, for evil itself will never have stepped in. Another ' law' abrogated, or rather never set in forco, will be that of ' death.' War aud violence, excess and decay, being unknown in thoso happy regions, tho idea of dying will be out of the question. Peace and right will reign undisturbed. Tho very facul ties of the intellect will partake of tho purity and the elevation of the moral nature. The tedious and cumbrous processes of experiment and observation will be replaced by a diroct and transcendental vision of truth. It seems as if the limits of logic itself will be struck off aB fetters from the spirit. The old problems insoluble here will seem perfectly contemptible Tho circle will have been squared thero long a pro, and philo sopher's stones will bo picked up by tho roadside The elixir of lifo indeed will bo un known, because, as we havo seen, it will be super fluous. Art and science will enter upon now phases. Numeration will proceed by such no. el and unpre cedented processes that we tremble to pronounce what two and two may bo expected to make in Mr Flammarion's developed universe A new Mr Cousin, moreover, will be required to make tho analysis of the altered metaphysics du Beau, du Vrai et du Bien. But we are dazzled and lose 1/iDUUIl l\n ITU UVVUIiij^U UW iwiiuil *.?*.« -?- -t« — ?— -w- ? - — his flight through space. It is magnificent, but it is not science. Chained to our native earth, which to his aspiring gaze, filled with the glories of other worlds, seems bo imperfect and contemptible — un-monde informe, r/rossier, chetif miserable et imparfait — we are conscious of our inability to soar to thoso heights of ethereal specu lation. We can but stand by in respectful silence while he discourses to us of things that meet his inspired sight in tho third heaven, and liston with wonder and awe to the rapture with which ho proclaims, in such reasoning, his convic tion of the certainty of his hypothesis, and invites ns to look up with him, hat in hand, to the twink ling faces of the stars as to the abodes of a huma nity akin to, while surpassing, our own — Saluons! mes freres, saluons tons ; ce sont les Humanitcs no8 aosurs nui passent! Shooting the Moon. — An officer down in Georgia tells tho following story : — ' One night Genoral ? was out on tho line, and observed a light on tho mountain opposita. Thinking it was a signal light of tho enemy, ho remarked to his artillery officer that a hole could easily be put through it. Whereupon the officer, turning to the corporal in charge of the gun, said, 'Corporal, do you see that light ?' ' Yes, sir.' ' Pat a hole through it,' ordered the captain. The corporal sighted the guu, and when all was ready he looked up and said, ' Cap taiD, that's the moon !' 'Don't care for that,' was the captain's ready response, ' put a bole through it, anvhow.' ' An American's Description op a Teetotaller. — I onoe travelled through all the state of Maine with one of these ere chaps. He was as thin as a whipping post. His skin looked like a brown bladder arter somo of the air had leaked out— - kinder wrinkled and crumpled like ; and his eye like a lamp that's burning on a short allowance of ile. He put me in mind of a pair of kitchen tongs — all shaft and bead and no belly; real gander gutted looking critter, as hollow as a bamboo walking cane, and twice as yaller. Ho actually looked &s; if he had been picked off a rack at sea and drawn through a gimlet bole. Ho was a lawyer ; thinks I, ' Massy on your clients, you hungry, half-starved looking critter, you! You'll eat them up alive, as sure as Moses was made. You are just the chap to strain at a gnat and swallow a camel — tank, shank and flank, all at a gulp.' Eight Children at a Birth. — On the 2nd of August, last year, Mrs Timothy Bradlee, of. Trum bull county, Ohio, gave birth to eight ohildren — three boys and five girls. They are all living, and aro all healthy, but are quite small. Mr B.'s family is increasing fast. He was married sis years ago to Euuice Mowdry, who weighed 173 pounds on the day of her marriage. Sho has given birth to two pairs of twins, and now eight more, making twelve children in six years. It seems strange, but never theless is true. Mrs B. was a twin of three, her mother and father both being twins, and her grand mother the mother of five pairs of twins. Mrs B. has named her boys after noted and distinguished men, one after the Honorable J. R. Giddings, who gave her a splendid gold medal ; one after the Hon. Elijah Campbell, who gave her a deed of fifty acres of lland ; and tho other after James Johnson, who gave her a cow. — Letter to the N. Y. Tribune. 