SELECTED POETRY. A FAREWELL, TO THE DAVENPORTS They tell me 'tis decided—you depart! Tis wise, 'tis well, and not at all a pain; We had enough of your expensive art, We were the victims, and won't be again! Farewell, my Ferguson ; and if for ever, Why, then, bo muoh the better—fare thee well! Good-by, Arcadian pair of brothers—never Bhall we forget the " structure" and the bell? Pock op your household ghosts, no longer stay; Palmer, good-by; and thou, sweet Fay—away 1 Troe. you brought in the newest thing in choslf, The latest phantom fashions from the West ; Home is not worth a rap; and Foster's boasts. Compared with yours, are shabby second beat. All very fine, O Ferguson ! no doubt, But one grows tired of squeezing goblin paws; The spectral nigger melody's played out. And even the rope, I think, no longer draws. Dear friends —yon know that yon were rather dear— There is a world elsewhere—then stay not here! Even at half-price your goblins charged too high; Giles Scroggine never made a rap by his; Dead Cxiar met his foe at Philippi, Nor asked a sixpence when be showed his phiz. Banquo's red epectre made a splendid show ; And Hamlet's dismal father, though a bore. And Mrs. Veal, as told of by Defoe, And aweet Miss Bully, famed in song of yore- All these were phantoms of the rarest merits. Bat, unlike yours, they came as ontaxed spirits- Hands-without bodies may be strange to see (Hands without hearts, Othello says, are common) ; But for the female arm, whose symmetry, Ferguson says, has all that's best in woman, To me, though in the front (at seven and six) It looked co einewy, that on my lite I think that spectre in a wofol Gx Who has so stout a spirit for his wife- Some stalwart sorceress, some strong she-dragon. Queen of the Amazons, or else ttoll Flagon. Then the dark seance is a costly thing . (Ferguson calls it stance, bat no matter). For while we sit, and while the banjoes spring. The instruments seem hired to serve the hatter: Each bangs our head-pieces with such a stroke As that which wrought poorJQuixote's first disaster, Oh 1 brothers Davenport! —forgive the joke- Why, wondrous Gemini, assail a Castor? Ton surely most believe us double ninnies To risk our hate and forfeit our half-guineas. Come back no more till yon can utilise The " unknown force" you sell so very high; Perhapa some day you yet may win a prize For well-trained ghosts with warrant not to shy; Nay, and the period may perchance be near when smart New England boasts some new machine. Worked all by forces from the phantom sphere: Shirts sewn by armless fingers shall be seen. And engines fifty-ghost power shall be sold. And goblin ploughs torn np the toughest mould. Farewell! Good fortune follow, though yon leave Our oherishei childhood'e ghost not worth a button; May you find idiots easy to deceive; Hay you pursue your trade nnvexed by Satton; Hay no tormenting Tolmaque dog your track. No scoffer, and no Scoffera, spoil your meetings. No Oxford gownsmen hurl your "structure" back. No *• Flaneur's" laugh profane your spirit greetings. Ira and William, Ferguson and bell. Palmer, Fay, structure, banjo -all farewell! The equestrian who was going to a light ran-up against a lamp-post. The cynic who never stands on ceremony frequently treads on people's corns. 