PAILLt1TENT OF VICTORL4A. Tuesday, June 6, 1603. In the Legislative Council, MIr. FA-1vNs:ra moved that the Standing Orders Committce be instructed to consider with a view to revision, the standing order (No. 18) relating to the absence of mmcnbers. The motion was seconded by Mr. JEINNER, and agreed to. The Constitution Law Consolidation Bill was brought up from the Legislative As sembly. Mr. FELLOWS moved a resolution declar ing that the power to recommend amend moents in bills which have passed both Houses of Parliament, ought not to be exercised by the Governor in Council save for the correction of errors in such bills. Mr. FAWKNEiR seconded the motion. After remarks from Mr. Hervey, .Mr. Cole, Mr. Jenner, Mr. Strachan, Mr. M'Cmrae, and Mr. Hull, the motion was. agreed to. The House adjourned at five minutes. past five o'clock. In the Legislative Assembly, Mir. MALCIIsN called attention to the. working of the present land law. liHe ob served that whereas, during the passage of the Land Act through the Legislature, the assurance was given by the Government. that the agricultural areas would be pro claimed in such a manner that no more than a third of each pastoral run would be thrown open at one time, since the pro. clamnation of the areas entire runs had been taken up by free selectors. Again, ex perience had shown that the demand for land for actual settlement was not as great as had been represented, and that the throwing open of 4,000,000 acres had had the effect of calling into existence a class of speculators-" mediums." or "ghosts" as they were called-who made- selection simply with the view of securing good terms from the squatters. Mr. MacBain supported his statement by extrats from private letters, and concluded by asking the Government whether they were in posses sion of any information which led them to suppose that the selections already made were in accordance with the spirit and in tention of the Land Act, and that the selectors were the class of men whom it was the intention of the Legislature to benefit when the said law was passed. Mr. DM'CmiLLoi[ remarked, that if land was. taken up by " mediums" who did not occupy it, pursuant to the provisions of the iand Act, the land would revert to the Crown, and afterwards be thrown open for selection or offered for sale by auction as the Government might dcem expedient. lieo had heard rumours similar to those mentioned by the member for the \Vinmmera, and to ascertain their truth he put himself in communication with the Minister of Lands, who was at Camper down. The reply lihe received late the previous night was to the effect that the great bulk of the land taken up had fallen into the hands of bona .fide selectors, and that the act was, on the whole, working admirably. With regard to the ftat of whole runs having been taken up, he would remind lion. members that these runs wereo available for selection under the Act of 1862, and that there was no other course open to the Government, seeing that the new act provided that within three nmnths 4,000,000 acres should be ready for selection. With re gard to the mediums, ho would observe that the occupation of that class would be gone if the squatters would only stand aloof, and not pay them, as reported, so largely for their services. lu reply to Mr. T'Io(uOsoN, Mr. nM'CuLLoeu said the Government were not bound to issue a lease for thirty days after the land was selected; and if satisfied thiat the land was not taken up for boiuafide settlement, they could refuse to issue the lease. The house was then called. The number of absentees was sixteen. Mr. IIAnKER moved the second reading of the State Aid to IReligion Abolition .Bill. In so doing, lie expressed regret that the bill had not been introduced as at Ministorial measure, particularly ais three members of the present Goverlnmenllt had at diflfront times introduced measures for the same object. The bill proposed that tbo grant in aid of religion should he diminished at the rate of £10,000 a year until it was finally abolished. He con tended that the policy of the state in new countries was to have nothing whatever to do with religious teaching; and this for the reason that if the state encouraged only certain forms of religious belief, it comunitted a gross injustice, and that, if it encouraged all forms of religious belief, it committed a gross absurdity. The lion. gentleman quoted largely from statistics with the view to show that the fears of those who believed that the abolition of state aid would leave the country dis tricts without religious instruction wero perfectly groundless. MIr. VALE supported the bill, for the reason that it would remove a vicious principle in legislation. State aid to religion le held to be unwise in policy. Mir.i BIIIARDSON expressed his belioeftlat, ifstato aid were abolished to-morrow, every denomination would be ablo to support it self, without placing its ministers in an improper condition, or bring religion into contempt. DMr. LEv' attributed the great respect paid in this country to law and order to the labours of ministers of various denom inations, and considered that a death-blow would be struck at the progress of im provement in this direction if the support given by the state to the stiponds of aninistors of religion were withdrawn. Mr. M.icrhinussoN regarded voluntaryismn as theoretically good, but practically bad: andi contended that the passing of the bill would loead to the abolition of moral teaching in the poor and thinly populated districts. Mr. G. V. SattTn approved of the prin ciples of the bill. At the sanme time lie considered that the great difficulty which had to be encountered in connoxion with the matter, was the vested rights which had grown up; and lie sugested that every minister who at present received a portion of the £50,000 contributed by the state to the support of religion, should continue to receive the same up to the time of his death. Mr. MAcOREaooR urged that the result of state aid was to cause an undue competi tion between churches in rural districts. i1e characterised state aid as a remnant of bar barism. Mlr. O'GIADY opposed the bill. Mr. VERDON believed that the passing of that bill would not be attended by any do crease in the amount of religious instruc tion imparted in the country. Mr. \VIIELEa? submitted that state aid was as necessary to religion as to hospitals and charitable institutions. On a division, the bill was rejected by twenty-nine to twenty- five. The Public Works Law Amendment and Consolidation Bill was read a third time. The House then went into committee on the Mining Bill. After some irregular discussions, several amendments proposed by the Governmenut were made in the measure. Progress was then reported. On the motion of Mr. lhcmrA?nsoN, the ])ividing Fences Bill was read a first timoe. The House adjourned at twenty-five minutes to one o'clock. 