BOWEN. (From the Port Denison Times.) At first we entertained fears that the supply of labour by the Maryborough exceeded the demand, but the rapidity with which the immigrants are going off fully proves that we were mistaken. The passengers have been landed only a fortnight, and yet all the single men, 55 single women, and 12 married couples, have been engaged. An old Victorian to arrive now in our town would be forcibly reminded of the good old days In Melbourne when Ballarat was in its glory. Drays are seen leaving the town by every road, with a hete- rogeneous mass of human beings, flour, spades, etc.; many of them bound for far distant stations, where the "new chums" are to learn colonial experience. A startling advertisement appears in this day's issue, announcing that a Mr. Barry has discovered gold within fifty miles of Bowen, and calling a meeting for Monday night, at the Victoria Hotel, to consider what steps shall be taken by the people of the town in the matter.We cannot forget the miserable failure of the last " prospecting party" (so called) fitted out by the townspeople; but we trust, if there is the ghost of a chance of gold being found in the locality indicated, that Mr. Barry may not be wanting the necessary sup- port. We reserve all comment till we hear that gen- man speak for himself. At the Court of Appeal against the late assessment, held on Monday before the Police Magistrate and Mr. W. P. Cutbbert, J.P., only one complainant appeared in the person of James Morrill, whose complaint was not so much against the amount of the assessment, but against being assessed at all. He considered the Go- vernment had treated him very badly. While in Brisbane then "blew" a good deal about what they intended to do, and finished by sending him to Port Denison. He thought at least he was entitled to live free on a piece of ground. The Government were not generous enough to give him the land, so he bought it ; and now they wanted to levy taxes on it. The Bench, while condoling with the appellant, said he must apply to the Corporation to exempt him from the tax, as they had only power where the amount was disputed. Certainly if they had the power they should be inclined to make an exception in his case. Another minister of religion, the Rev. Eliezer Griffiths, has taken up his residence in the town of Bowen, where, considering the rapid increase of popu- lation which has already taken place, and especially considering the future prospects of the town, his services will certainlynot be superfluous. Mr. Griffiths through the failing health of his wife was compelled to leave England, and was recommended by his medical advisors by all means to try Queensland, as being a country where there was every probability of Mrs. Griffith's perfect restoration to health. After a pastor- ate of twelve years over the Congregational Church of Tenby, South Wales, he had suddenly to relinquish his charge, and with his family took passage to Brisbane in the ship Maryborough. He is an accredited agent of the Congregational Colonial Society of London, but with liberty to reside and preach the Gospel wherever in the colony he deemed it expedient; and being earnestly solicited by several gentlemen of various religious denominations to remain at Bowen, they at the same time guaranteeing him an adequate stipend, he has undertaken the charge of a Free Church about to be formed. We have news from the Lynd to the 30th May, Heavy showers of rain fell during March, and the feed is plentiful and good. The lambing is progressing favourably, and there is every prospect of a good per- centage. On the 1st May the Messrs. Cassidy left with 7000 sheep for the Gulf. Mr. H. F. Smith's cattle started about the middle of May from the same destina- tion, and a mob belonging to Mr. G. J. Macdonald were, about to leave for the Plains of Promise when our in- formant left. The road to the Gulf is said to be very good, and already more than one man has gone out looking for work. The blacks have been quiet lately. Lovers of sensation scenes must have enjoyed the state our town was in on Monday night. Eight rowdy bushmen (we hear they came from the Rockhampton side) rode about the town at furious pace, howling and yelling in a manner that eclipsed any corroboree we have witnessed. Unfortunately we are becoming ac- customed to such scenes, but the effect on the new arrivals must have been rather startling. It was quite refreshing to see with what pluck Mr. O'Connor and the large staff at his command (one constable and a sergeant) sallied out upon the mob. As his order to stand was met with derisive shouts, Mr. O'Connor proved that he was in earnest by firing at a retreating horse. Ultimately the police succeeded in capturing one of the gang, and the lesson he has been taught in our Police Court will not be soon forgotten. This is not the first time we have called attention to the weak state of our police protection. A constable escorted Alpine McPherson to Rockhampton, and thus we are reduced to two constables, a sergeant and the sub- inspector. One man has always to act as lock-up keeper, and the other may have to proceed up country on duty at any moment. The rowdies are perfectly aware of our helplessness, for they were heard several times boasting of their inetention to stick-up a house in town. There is an old saying that a special providence pro- tects drunken people, and, like all old sayings, it seems to have some foundation. A drunken bushman riding on Tuesday past Budgen's hotel was violently thrown from his horse, alighting on his head. A crowd soon assembled, expecting to find a mutilated corpse ; but after an interval of five minutes spent in insensibility the man sat up, rubbed his head, and assured his friends that he was "'all right." Probably, had he been sober, he would either have been killed on the spot or maimed for life? Roma-The correspondent of the Toowoomba Chronicle thus describes this rising town :-For the general infor- mation of those who may not know where or what Roma is, I beg to inform your readers that Roma is a small inland town, in Queensland, situated in the Maranoa district ; it is bounded on the west by the Maranoa River, and on the northward and eastward by the Dawson Ranges. Its principle productions are a species of animals known here as Kize-ors or Chaw- fats, and are a spontaneous production. Its principle build- ings comprise two inns, three stores, one butcher's shop, an auction-mart; also, a court-house, post-office, synagogue, ball-room, theatre, wool-depot, and a dilapi- dated lock-up (that has not the slightest pretentions to security), with a few humbler dwellings. Of its inhabitants I can state but little--the male portion are famed for their gallantry to the fair sex, and the theatrical gesture, or peculiar manner they use when pronouncing the word "'madame;" its fair are fair indeed, and remarkable for their proficiency at dancing and turning the mangle. Neither sex pay much atten- tion to dress--their costume in most cases being some- thing similar to Punch's full dress for a wedding. 