DAILY ISSUE. MONDAY, 16TH "OCTOBER, 1865. WHETHER it be that Victorian protection is a mere delirium or a divine inspiration, there ia little doubt that a large number of the supporters of the unconstitutional doings of the Government are actuated by a zeal for the abrogation of the policy of free trade. With that is joined a hilarious fancy that now is the time for " the people" to make themselves felt as the real lawmakers, as if we all were not of the people of Victoria, and none so mucb interested in the maintenance of law and. order as that portion of the colonists specifically spoken of by stump orators and stump journalists as "the people." It has been a pleasant illusion of the protec tionists that English free trade meant for the English people precisely what Victorian pro tection means for the people of Victoria. The big loaf of English free trade, so say our Victorian protectionists', was to do for the English people what the little loaf of Victorian protection is to do for the people of Victoria -give them all plenty to eat. As Cobden aimed to relegate to the limbo of the irre vocable past the wail of " We've got no work to do/' so the protectionists of Victoria are to bring in with higher prices a paradise of full work and full wages, with farmers pros perous, artizans independent and happy, and commerce flourishing, while yet all the bloated aristocrats of " soft goods" and wool shall be doing eternal penance for their manifold sins and wickedness. Why not have a revolution, if two such mag nificent things can thereby be accomplished? And why not have it now, rather than wait a few months? TIIOBB questions are asked by the acts of the pro-government men of Victoria, though they by their words deny it, and deny it stoutly too, just as a false witness in the box will always tell a lie with more effrontry of air than the witness who will speak only the truth. We point these words at the wily leaders of the revolutionists who know what their acts mean-not at the unthinking crowd that knows not whereof it affirms or denies. The weakness, or the ne cessities, or the ambition, or the downright malice of some men will prompt them to accept leadership ia the worst ol causes, and many an army of indifferently honest soldiers in politics has been officered by men who had no higher aim than self. This is rendered easy by the common occurrence of those epidemic madnesses which seize large masses of people at intervals and propels them along a series of social excesses, till the violence ot excess has exhausted itself or becomes cured by the very reaction of. the forces set in motion by the popular upheaval. One of these wrong- headed manias now possesses a large section of our colonists. We have uni versal suffrage, vote by ballot, frequent Par liaments, both Houses elective, and both Houses so popularised in the qualification of the electorates that the will of the great majority of the people cannot pos sibly be long withstood, and a clear course to give for the Council a still larger body of voters. And yet there is going about a wild cry for revolution ia denying revolutionary action. Applauding the Governor, and the Ministry, and the Queen, and law, and the rights of Parliament, the advocates of protec tion have, in fact, declared for a policy of revolution. This fact is the loud proclamation of inherent weakness. It is not with us in Victoria as in France in the days of Louis XVI. We are not bowed down beneath the weight of an artificial and profligate court and aristocracy, without representation, with out the means of legally righting every wrong, without hope. We are not ground down by extortionate taxation, whose products are wasted in debauchery and with every office in the state bought and sold by favor, or gold, or flattery, or some other mode of infamy. Yet protectionists abet a revolu tionary policy, for it is stark nonsense to call | a policy of coercion and coach-and-four! driving anything else than that in Victoria, where we have all those things above enumer- I ated, and for more than which the wildest English chartist of 1S4S scarcely ever asked or hoped in his farthest stretches alter a poli tical millenium. If the protectionists and pro-government agitators are not revolu tionary, why not abide the action ot me Constitution f If iLiey are uut inherently feeble and do not feel the gnawing pains of that weakness, why do they howl so incessantly, and why can they not be calm and wait ? If they are " the people," in that grand overmastering sense in which the stump talkers and writers so per sistently declare their potency and security, why, in the name of all that is strong and undoubting, do they not consent to the ordeal of a general election? If they speak the truth and lie not they are sure to win, and it would be a small courtesy to the minority to coDsentto a triumphal march through all the ballotting-booths in the country, instead of committing a breach of the peace or picking the lock of the constitution with the skeleton key of a conscientious Attorney-General. This waiting is, too, so excellent a proof of dignity and strength that the mere exhibition of such a thing by Mr Jones' "sovereign people" would be a political and moral pearl of price. It would, in plain fact, be the happiest and truest realisation of Mr Vale's " liberty above all price." But they will not stoop to this virtue. With brass enough to make a colossus of the stump, bigger than that of Khodes, the leaders of the pro protection, pro-government party here have the effrontery to go down to Sir Charles Darling and ask him to send to his royal mistress, our Queen, a statement which makes not more if not fewer men than half those who voted the other day for Mr Service to be " the people" ot this good city of Bal iarat West and East. We therefore decline to believe the loud mouthed assertion that the questions at issue have been " settled." -Lt an appeal to the whole colony in a general election ba made and a majority shall declare for protection, then the minority, however large, must submit, and a reversal of our free trade policy can be effected in a consti tutional way. The best friends of the Min istry, it seem9 to us, are those who shall counsel it to take that course. If their present supporters speak the truth, the Ministry risks nothing, but is sure of an abso lute and even brilliant victory. The victory won, and the mouths of the non coatents constitutionally stopped, with what glorious paeans of rejoicing would Ministers return to their bureaus, while the cold shades of the opposition would be all tenantless save by the invisible ghosts of defeated free trade candidates and the occasional bodily presence of some whom " the people" had not con signed to political annihilation, even though not supporters of the M'Gulloch tariff. Surely there never was a more marvellous abstinence than this of the self-styling friends of the people. Here is an easy battle to fight and they will not fight it. They profess to hold that the opposition is a little thing, and yet they will not go to the country, and end the dispute. The little fellow of the so called minority is constantly " shaping" and crying "come on," and the big blustering noisy fellow of " the people's" majority will not accept the challenge. This, then, is either a marvellous or a very politic thing, and we think most people know which. 