" FLITTING." T doesn't signify to some people liow often they change tlieir places of residence. It may be the most common-place event to those philosophers who adhere strictly to the belief that "man wants but little here below," and who never get beyond a table, three chairs, a couple of chests, and a double stretcher, with a basketful of minor accessories in the way of crockery and cutlery. But if you are unwise enough to adopt the usages of our complicated system of civilisation, I counsel you to let no sligJifc cause induce you to give notice of quittance to your landlord. For there is a race of savages .whose aid you will have to invoke in the terrible process of transferringjyour household'goods and gods from the place you inhabit to the place you propose to inhabit, and their barbarities are something to shudder at. They don't tomahawk you, and put you out of your misery at once ; but they take the things you hold very dear, and, with a diabolical brutality, mutilate them before your eyes. Excessively humane people have endeavored to convince me that the savages are actuated by the best intentions,! and do their utmost to avoid committing these atrocities. I have not argued the point, because I don t care to argue at any time; but I am, nevertheless, convinced in my inmost mind that a diabolic malignity of the most intense kind is the prevailing characteristic of these savages, and that their especial antipathy is directed against books and works of art. They break chairs and tables as a matter of course, but they eagerly avail themselves of the opportunity of effecting solutions of continuity in books. They take them up by armfuls, and let them drop down the stairs and along the passages; they build them up in a compact wall in the van, hammering them close with their horny fists and the heels of their hob-nailed boots, as if economy of Bpace were a thing upon which they bad set their lives. They have some kind of instinct in discovering which are pet books ; for these they crush, squeeze, scratch, and rend with a quiet ferocity that quite takes away one's breath, and renders one incapable of protest or remonstrance. AH the books seem, inconsequence of their collisions with each other, to have been engaged in a Donnybrook Fair encounter, so covered are they with contusions. As for the furniture, it is in a condition of uniform dislocation; thechairs are all transformed into rockingchairs, and the tables groan even without the condition of being loaded with good things—the cause usually assigned of table-anguish by those narrators of public banquets who are prone to indulge in figures of speech. But the troubles of removing are, unhappily, not confined to breakages. The last load is gone, and you have closed the door with a bang that echoes through the empty rooms, as if a dissatisfied ghost had succeeded you in occupation, and you are congratulating yourself that the irksome business of removing is over, when the horrible thought occurs to you that everything will want re-arranging in the nejv house. It is evening, of course, and when you arrive there, and contemplate the chaotic heaps of things that barricade the entrance into every room, suggesting the late occurrence of a domestic revolution ; you have just grounds for believing that, in some unaccountable way, your legitimate place of residence is the Yarra Bend, and you feel that you would be grateful to any two qualified medical practitioners who would certify to your fitness as a resident in that institution, and have you forthwith conveyed thither. You would be glad to call in the assistance of some necromancer, however malign, who should put everything to rights by a wave of his wand; but as genuine necromancy has long gone out of fashion, the only thing you can do under the circumstances is to coil yourself up wallaby- fashion in a corner, and leave everything and everybody to get arranged as best they can; mentally resolving, however, that if you remove again within the next twenty years, may you be —. (Continued in our next.) 