REVIEW. THE GOVERNING FAMILIES OF ENGLAND. (From the Athenäum.) The Great Governing Families of England. By J. L. SAMFORD and MEREDITH TOWNSEND. 2 vols. (Blackwood and Sons.) THE double authorship of these volumes has been devoted to the working-out of an excellent subject. There has been expended on tho work a vast amount of lnbour, not the least perplexity connected with .which must have been how to reject, and then how to dispose of the mountains of materials collected for the purpose. All this has been done in good taste and -with unexceptionable judgment. Occasionally we could desire more of illustrative anecdote, and less of mere peerage genealogy, but, that said, all objection ends. 1 lie book opens with ten. introductory paper, which does honour to the writer, Mr. Townsend, and which few readers will peruse without profit, none without pleasure. And then, enter the Percys, with their shield of 892 quarterings,-among them the arms of Henry the Seventh, the sovereign houses of France, of Castile, Leon, Scotland, and the ducal houses of Normandy and Brittany. Thirteen Barons Percy-the seventh of whom trans feircd the head-quarters of his house from Yorkshire to Alnwick (purchased from Bishop Beck of Durham) -had succeeded each other, from the time of the Conqueror to that of Edward the Third, when the thirteenth baron was raised, in 1377, to the rank of Earl of Northumberland. The mole line had already failed at the third baron, and Agnes de Percy, his daughter, by marrying with Jocelyn of Louvaine, a descendant of Charlemagne, was the new founder of the house. Of the eleven earls (whose succession, however, was twice interrupted by attainder) five suffered violent deaths, in honour or in dishonour. The line of Agnes Percy, which was founded with a Joscelyn, died out with a Joscelyn in 1567 ; but another daughter of the house raised it to renewed life. The daughter of Joscelyn married the Duke of Somerset, | and her son Algernon, created Earl of Northumber- i land, left once more to an heiress, his only daughter, tho task of preserving the Percy line. That daughter married a man whom a more particular lady had refused, and from Elizabeth Percy and Sir Hugh Smithson, who received ducal titles, is lineally descended the present I and seventh duke, who came so recently to the title in his eighty-seventh year. His Grace had previously been Earl of Beverley, and the union of the Beverley | and Northumberland estates was looked upon as the founding of a wealthier house than ever. But on the very day of the late Buke's funeral discovery was made that when the second Duke's second son was created Earl of Beverley, the Duke's will directed that _ ever the earldom of Beverley should be united to the dukedom of Northumberland, the Beverley estates were not to go with the title, but to the next younger male branch. In accordance with this will, the agreeably surprised son of the late Bishop Percy of Carlisle rises, from very modest means, to be lord of about £12,000 ayear. Influential as the Percys have been, they scarcely belong to the "governing" families, in the poötical sense of the word ; thjy have locally governed, but beyond their estates have rather served than ruled. It is otherwise with their neighbours, the Greys of Howick. These come from an old stock, of some of whom there is not much to boast. The Greys of Howick, as peers, only date from the first year of the present century ; but the late Earl was the chief of a party who, in the Reform Bill, effected a revolution, a complete transfer of power, without an appeal to arms or a change of dynasty. The Lowthers, again, have rather served the State than, through supreme administration, governed the land ¡ but this will admit, too, of some exception. The first of the three Earls, the " Bad Earl" was, undoubtedly, the *' Mad Earl " also. Bad, because he refused to pay his bills, on principle ; mad, as many a wild prank and insanely gloomy conceit could testify. Messrs. Sanford and Townsend allude to his abnormal character, but they pass over the fact that he was as terrible to his neigh- bours after death as before. "When he traversed the streets of Penrith, awestruck every tongue silent, and covered every face with pallor. People thought they were well ria of him when he died; but his restless ghost haunted the place, and the quieter remote dales. The bold Vicar of Bampton, however, came upon this detestable spirit near Waller's Craig, and by cunning exorcism Hie priest immured the peer in the rock for ever ! The old Vanes, that Kentish family who purchased the confiscated estates in Durham, of Neville, Earl of Westmoreland, early in the seventeenth century, and lived joyously upon them while the old proprietor lingered out long years, meanly and miserably, in the Low Countries, ore represented in the Dukes of Cleveland and the Earls of Westmoreland. Of all the line, the one who had most of the governing element in him was that famous Sir Harry who would fain have compelled Cromwell to confess he held his power of the House of Commons. Our authors do not highly rate the governing family of Stanley. They think the motto, as old as Flodden, "Sans changer," inappropriate to men in- clined to turn with turning fortune, and at the most appropriate moment. We agree with Shirley, who says, that " As few families have acted a more pro- minent part in liistory, so few can trace a more satis- factory pedigree." Our authors say that the present Earl of Derby can trace an unbroiten male descent to a man /Sir James Stanley) who was great under Henry the First-a rare pedigree of 780 years, sur- passed in England by scarcely any noble of the first class ; among which exceptions we would place the Berkeleys. Some of the Stanleys have had curious governing principles, if an old story be true, that a head of the house made a certain person Secretary of War on the ground that he could swear like a trooper ! The Grosvenors are dismissed with faint praise, and some reason is shown for the judgment thus given. The "thrift" of the late Marquis of Westminster is censured, but we can assert that such "thrift," carried perhaps a little to excess, enabled the Marquis to per- form acts of princely liberality, of which the world generally knows nothing. The biographers allow that the Grosvenors, if they took care of themselves, " could, on adequate occasion, risk their properties for political principle." I Of the Fitzwilliams, we are here t«ld " that a man- lier or more competent race does not distinguish the English peerage." The grandfather of the present Earl was the man of the family. '* The great election contest for the county (of York) is still talked of, in which the house of Fitzwilliam is said to have ex- pended £100,000, and their competitor (Lascelles, of Harewood) all his West India estates." We believe the fact to hi.ve been, that* Lord Harewood spent £10,000 more for his son, Mr. Lascelles, than Earl Fitzwilliam spent for his son, Lord Milton, and lost the election not- withstanding. Far more noble was the contest (of which the authors take no notice) which distinguished within the present century the ducal hoad of that family of the Cavendishes whose " use in politics has been that of men ready to lead forlorn hopes." We allude to the close struggle, at Cambridge, in 1829, for the senior Wranglership and Smith's prize. The competitors were the present Duke and the Bishop of Worcester, Dr. Philpott. Li that mteresting struggle the Duke just came second to the Bishop as Semor Wrangler, and the Bishop second to the Duke as Smith's prizeman. The house of Cavendish, founded by the sequestrator, and built up and established by hearty old Bess of Hardwick, is a thorouglily English house ; that of Bentinck "is (if we except the Bärmgs) the only one founded by a foreigner, since the days of the Plantagenets, which has risen te the first rank." Thefamuy, however, soonbecame as "English " as if no trace of Dutch blood were to be found in them. The Bentincks have not yet been two cen- turies in England, and yet have produced two Prime Manisteis. On the other hand, the Clintons, whose race was great before the Crusades,- are designated truly as " always in front, but never in command," never having " risen absolutely to the top ;"-the Duke- of Newcastle, who was premier in the latter half of the last century, having died a childless Pelham, whose niece carried hand, title, and estates to the Clintons. Quite of another quality are the Stanhopes, whom the imaginative genealogists, indeed, derive from a fabulous antiquity, but who can safely and satisfactorily trace their origin only from a decent man of the time of Henry the Eighth. Of the six Earls of the Chesterfield branch, the fourth Lord, whose management of Ireland alone would entitle him to celebrity, has been well represented to modem times, in the edition of his works, edited by the pre- sent and fifth Earl Stanhope, of the younger branch. We dissent from the desaription " here given of the Stanhopes as mere drawing-room peers. Tlie Chesterfields were far beyond that; and tho very first Earl Stanhope was he who served so bravely under William Schomberg and Peter- borough ; who was, moreover, Commandcr-in Chicf in Spain, AVhig leader in Parliament, and a holder of office under Sunderland. He died in harness; for when Wharton, in 1721, compared the | minister with Sejanus, Stanhope broke a blood-vessel in his vehement reply, and thereupon died, poor. His son was devoted t* science ; his grandson was that eager republican who dropped his title and erased his arms from his shield ; altogether, they have been a remarkable r&eo;, and the chapter called by their name is one of the most lively in these \ olumes. For anti- quity and for profuse hospitality the Stanhopes cannot be compared with the Talbots, who have had three or four branches in the peerage, and whose celebrated men include Shakspeare's Talbot, the great and ' glorious prodigal, Gilbert, the Secretary of State who counselled with "William and corresponded with Jnmes, and the first Earl Talbot, who was, as Mr. Percy Fitzgerald remarks, in his " Life of Sterne," the moat scandalous outrager of decorum and good man- ners. Ii is At* great- grand-nephew, who, after seven- teen Talbots had bome the title of Earl (one of them Duke) of Shrewsbury, prefixed the latter title (adding the estates therewith) to his own, by proving his descent from the second Earl,-all the heirs mole of the third Earl having become ex- tinct. In strong contrast with the ancient Talbots ore the Lcvcson Gowers, the head of whom is the Duke of Sutherland. They may be Îmssed over with the description here given, as " the uekiest of English families." The Pagets UTO very accurately set down as " successful men of the .world." who hcraldically speaking, have no pedigree, but who have one hero in the person of the late Marquis of Anglesea, and who mingle the blood of Mrs. 01d6eld, the actress,-very good Cavalier blood, too,-with their own. Their own is not distinguished like that of the Manncrs's who " have been gentlemen in character, in blood, and in English position for more than six hundred years." There is a dash of royal blood in them, the first Earl of Rutland being the grandson (through his mother Ann St. Leger) of Ann, sister of Edward the Fourth. "When Lord Roos, son and heir of the Earl of Rutland, died in 1618, two Bisters, servants at Belvoir, were burnt for bewitching him and using charms to prevent an heir. Their mother, charged as a confederate, died in prison. The present Duke is a descendant of the second son of the first Earl. The authors are of opinion that the Montagues may be well content to seek no more remote ancestor than the great Puritan Earl ; and the stately admiral is one to be more proud of, perhaps, than of ancestors of earlier date, " lawyers, soldiers, statesmen, and all of the first class. The speciality of the rara has been power of brain, tinged, in some of the family, with strong religious ideas." For a line founded on luck, and yet a luck born of integrity, few can compare with that of Osborne 8)uke of Leeds). The founder of the family, Edward sborne, the clothworker, married the daughter of his master, the Lord Mayor, Sir William Hewitt. The young lady had been wooed in vain by the Earl of Shrewsbury, and to her less nobly bom husband she carried, as part of her dowry, the estates of Bilby, Barking, "Walso and Harthill, in Yorkshire and Not- tinghamshire. The blood has often gone astray. The wile of the fifth Duke, when he was Marquis of Caevmarthen, eloped with Captain Byron, the father of the poet, and therefrom came Augusta Leigh, the poe 'B half-sister. We do not see how the Osbornes can be reckoned among the governing families. Even the Fitzroys are only so placed because of their pos- sessions. It is somewhat different with the Spencers, in the ablest of whom there was a " strange union of daring ambition and morbid timidity." A " febrile nervousness of organisation " is said to have always weakened the Spencers, not one of whom was with- out ability, judgment, and " a positive passion for culture." ' It is satisfactory to know that the Grenvilles " really were gentlemen." We prefer the etching of them, by the author of " St. Stephen's," to the more elaborate portrait here pointed : In armed neutrality, the Grenvilles stand, And name the terms on which they'll save the land. AU men arc brethren, bound to help each other, Gods ! how each Grenville helped his Grenville brother ! The Grenvilles, in their head, the late Duke of Buckingham and Chandos, made shipwreck for a time of their fortunes. In this they have been like the Russells. Three hundred years and somewhat , more have elapsed since a Dorsetshire gentleman, one John Russell, offered his services, as interpreter, to Philip of Austria, when stress ef weather drove the latter into Weymouth. Philip took John to London, , where at Court he laid the foundations of a noble house, whose fortunes were made " ducks and drakes" of in the next century by the last Earl of Bedford, who employed "Vermuyder to drain the Lincolnshire Fens. Since then, however, the Dukes of Bedford have become rich in their own pensons and great in that of their sons. Tlie house of Cecil would require a volume to itself-Burghley, Exeter, Salisbury ! a volume would not suth ce. A governing family indeed ! We can only glance here at the difference of character between two of the ladies who married into this family. The second wife the first Earl of Exeter forbade that "her ¡ statue should be laid on the tomb of her deceased lord as that of his first wife lay on his right hand, and she was too proud to lie, even in effigy, on his left. The second wife of the first Marquis was the gentle and good Sarah Hoggins, of Bolas, daughter of a Shrop- I shire fanner. She died of inability to bear the state of the Lady of Burghley. But her blood is not only in the Cecil family. Her son succeeded her as Mar- quis. Her only daughter married Mr. Pierrepoint, and their only daughter married the late Lord Charles Wellesley, whose eldest son is heir-presumptive to the dukedom of Wellington. In that way, among others, now directs itself the blood of Cecil of Burgh- ley and Hoggins of Bolas. This family of Wellesley is not included in the list of governing families, though a head of that house once held so many offices, during a political crisis, that people began to call him Dictator. In its place we have the Villiers's, who have had half-a-dozen peerages, but now only two-Clarendon and Jersey, the former seating two brothers in the Cabinet. The claims of the Barings to be considered a governing family rests only on their money influence. The " Ashburton capitulation," as the first Lord's territo- rial concessionto America, in the boundary question, was called, will always be unpleasantly connected with the name of a family which is rather Dutch French- American, than purely English. The Petty Fitzmaurices, on the other hand, are of " the very bluest blood." Its character was best illustrated in the late Marquis of Lansdowne. Future genealo gists may have to notice the intermingling of French blood with it, for the present Marchioness of Landsdowne is the daughter of Count Flahault. And this "blood" is something. The old Celtic blood is to be traced in the greatest men of the family, or rather clan, as it is here called, of the Herberts. By the same word are the Somersets here designated, whose representative, the Duke of Beaufort, is of the illegitimate line of old John of Gaunt. Of mere ancient descent, but of less bright fame, self-serving rather than state- governing, is the family of Berkeley. It was established in a family "row" between its Danish and Saxon founders, and it is now in the midst of a " row " more bitter than the first,-one son of the house being charged by his brothers, in a recently published pamphlet, with the guilt of slander and calumny against his and their mother. With the names of Seymour, Lennox, and Howard these volumes close. 