WHAT WILL BECOME OF US ? TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Sin,-Tlio'exoiteiiient consequent on the election, and return of the railway candidate, having somewhat subsided, men who take the trouble to think must be well aware that some yours will elapse between the 17th of October 1865 and the day on which the first sod of the main" '!- r' .-"?»uv is turned. If the railway is to us who sovereign plaster for at ..... nures,uto hard fact stands forth boldly prominent, that its effect cannot be immediate. The question I have placed at the head of this letter ought to have for us the greatest interest. In the mean time, *' what will become of as in I do not wish to be set down as a croaker. If an individual is afflicted with carbuncles or rather the knife is not a pleasant instrument, but its use is perhaps a dire necessity. If a ballot is unhappily lodged in one's thigh, the use of the probe is indispensable ; or if we are personally troubled with some grievous internal malady, the bitterest physic, the most active comedy, season the only chance who no against total extinction. As with an individual so with a community. We have of late years been afflicted by many disorders, .nnditcnunot be denied that we have been favored with more than one prescription. We are still in the invalid state, and therefore open to further doctoring. , What then is our position? We have no manufactures worthy of the name. As an agricultural country we do not grow enough corn for our own consumption. As graziers we cannot supply ourselves with meat. Our ' timber trade is all but annihilated. Our mineral resources are as yet undeveloped, or their development is but you in embryo. We have little or nothing left but a small modicum of commerce, the ghost of the dimensions it assumed in former days. Take that from us and what remains ? Absolutely nothing and as our harbor is all but deserted, our ship yards shut up, our boat builders and coppers standing still, our few ships unprofitably employed, and our wharfs and streets filled with idle men, the time has I think arrived when we ' should gird up our loins, put our best foot foremost, and. endeavor to do something for ourselves. By ourselves. We have for too long a time sought extrinsic aid. We have expected too much from legisla- tion and a government policy; legislation and govern- mental action may advance or retard the progress of a country, but the secret of success is in the enterprise and pluck of its people. In this eventful we have I fear been lamentably deficient, and we have now come to that pass that we nr J actually living upon and must eventually out up each other, Have we any resources? Surely yes. It is not for me to presume to lay them all out before you, but I will venture to select lines, and put it to the discerning public whether the active prosecution of one or all of the three must not have an immediate and highly beneficial effect on the entire population of Hobart Town. I will name whaling, shipbuilding, and deep-sea fishing. It must I think be admitted that no country' can be better situated for the successful prosecution of the above most important industries than our own. Our position is insular, and we are surrounded by the finest whaling ground in the world. It is a well ascertained fact that the water surrounding our coast teems with the finest fish, and the' value of our timber for shipbuilding, has been proved long ago. But our whaling trade has died out, or all but died out. Shipbuilding has departed from us, and deep-sea fishing; although often advocated by yourself, has never had a fair trial. The decay of whaling cannot be attributed to the scarcity of whales, for the good old adage that " there is as good fish in the sea as ever came out of stones frequently proved by the success of the few whalers we have left, and the occasional visits-now alas! few and far between of successful American cruisers. I will not now trespass on your space by accounting for the present state of the whaling interest, but proceed to draw attention to one great reason why it is not now embarked in. The principal reason is in my opinion the cost. It requires almost a fortune to commence with, and none of the lucky persons in that enviable position care to run the risk. But a large speculation, the failure or partial failure of which would no doubt embarrass, or perhaps ruin an individual, could be safely and advantageously undertaken by associated capital procured under the protection of the limited liability act, I would therefore suggest through youroolumus.Mr. Editor the immediate formation of a " Tasmanian Whaling Company" with a large capital to small shares, so that every member of the community, if so inclined, could join. 'A company is formed, and economically managed must exercise a most beneficial influence on the trading interests of the town. The result would be, the sum of busy industry in our shipyards, boatsheds, and co-oper- ages, where now there is desolation; and something near akin to despair. It would relieve the town of men willing to work, to earn money, to pay their way, to" become seven The producers and props of the colony, instead of being now so much dead weight. It would open for our youtli,nnir growing up into manhood career of useful and honorable e*fert¡un,uud it would infuse new life and now vigor into the decaying interests of the town. Something must be done to dispel the gloom hanging so heavily over us. We look forward with scarcely a gleam of hope. Doubtless, crushing quartz will tend to revive us, but that it will pay remains to be proved. No doubt it will be proved, but we cannot have too many good strings to our bow. Some men may door that gold is in the quartz in quantities sufficient to pay, but it cannot he denied that there are plenty of whales in the sea, or that they will pay if they are properly looked after and caught, Let the tradesmen of Hobart Town take this matter to themselves and good will come of it. A " Tiwnmninn Whaling Co. will be to us an immediate benefit. Its establishment will most assuredly cause a large circulation of ready money. We have in days gone by had before us many schemes to benefit our companies, and we have in carrying out these schemes, used number- less instruments. If a Tasmanian Whaling Company becomes an established foot, the cry of 'f there she spouts" will again be heard amongst us, and we will require, in much larger quantities than at present, that useful institutions. the HARPOON. i Battery Point,' J. 16th October 1865 I 