WORSE THAN A GHOST. ' ' ' There was a long lino of carriages standing beforo the colonnade In front of tho Opera House, but every cab was gone. Tho people who had conie out before him had taken all there were, aud none had yet returned. It was impossible to go on foot through the storm ; ho would ho Wet through directly. A policeman was stauding by. Leonard gave him a shilling, mid bade him fetch the first cab he could get. Tho man took it and ran down the street to sock one, while Leonard, shiveriog in the ' damp blast after coming out of tho crowded house, stood up by one of the columns awaitiug his return. Thoro were sovernl pcopio standing under the arches in a similar predica ment to himself. Closo by was a group of Indies dragging their light opera cloaks over their shoul ders and shuddering at each fresh gust of wind that camo swirling down the colonpade. Just behind were a couple of Frenchmen swearing so volubly in their own Innguage at the rain, tho dnmp, the cold, and tho inconvenience of waiting thcro in tho wet, that Leonard moved away in disgust to the next pillar, to avoid tho annoyance of their noisy discontent. . He found himsolf close beside a woman, who was standing, drenched with rain, against tho other side of the column. Evi dently she had come there to shelter from the storm, and had not yet been " moved on " by tho policeman who was walking. up and down under the arcade. Something in the appearance of the woman arrested tho attention of Leonard. She had her back to him, so that ho could not sec her face, which was turned away towards the street. He could discern", however, beneath tho wet shawl which she hnd drawn tightly around her, the majestic outlinoof her figure, the almost imperious carelessness of her attitude, the regal set of her head above tho sloping, well-formed shoulders. Sho might havo been a countess waiting for her carriage, but for tho threadbare, failed shawl, tho shabby dress, the limp rusty bonnet, nnd the bundle she wns holding in her arms, which marked out her place as being far down in tho social scale. A drosnakcr, most likely; thought Leo nard to himself, as he watched her standing like a statue beside th.» pillar, her head thrown slightly back, and the noble contour of her form clearly defined through the thio damp dress. Still the rain came slashing upon tbe pavement, rattling on the tops of tho carriages outside, and sparkling in tie pools of wet in the road. The wind roared liko thunder d »wn tho street. No sign as yot of tho storm abiting, and still the woman stood erect and uu tl rnlcss, gazing out into tho tempest. Leonard watched her, ho know not why, with a curious intentness. Caught in tho rain, with nothing to do but wait, ono lets such trifles occupy tho mind. Suddenly ho heard from her la long sobbing sigh, not oue of impatient weariness, but a sigh such as escapes involuntarily from depths of bitterness and pain fermenting in the. heart. She did not move, however, nor was tho sigh re peated. Ono meets day by day in London streets so many women — God help their weakness I— toiling through life beneath their.unsharcd load of woo. It is such a common thing — ono cannot share pity foalhcm all. Yet, somehow to-night, Leonard felt himself oppressed by that woman's sighs. It fell with a nameless weight upon his own heart also. He wished sho would turn so ns to give him a glimpse of her face. Ho wanted to see what sort of a soul it was that had thus told out Us sadness They were standing the further end of tho ar.'ade, a little apart from tho rest of thohcltcrers.' The two Frenchmen had changed their places, and were swearing at a distance, lookiog out in vain for an empty cab. Leonard moved down farther still and planted himself against the very last column. Poor as sho wns, unprotected a id alone, his native courtesy would not allow him to betray to the woman that he had noticed h?r, or risk annoying her. by an open look. He i id not need to do it. At tho sound of his stops i airing her by, she drew a littlo back and turned slowly round, as if to see who it was that had approached. Merciful Heaven! What was it he saw there pale beneath tho gaslight that flared above their heads? A woman's face — a wau woman's face, with golden dishevelled hair beneath the rusty black bonnet, and largo hollow eyes staring wildly into his. With a great pang, his heart sank down within him, crushed as if beneath mountains of lead. A vision of blasted hopes swept through like lightning and scathed his brain. Had those blue eyes then never been closed in their death sleep, that they should be striking this horror into his soul ? For an instant they stood, tho woman and ho, as if fascinated each by the other's gaze. Then with tho speed of madness she h id fled out into the storm,. aud in a moment, down aomo lane or alley, was out of sight. Leonard looked 'aftor hor, but with no power to stir. His life seemed paralysed within him. Where sho left him, there he stood gazing vacantly into the corner against a column as if he saw still tho weary face, that like an apparition from the grave, lmd chilled tbe very blood within his veins. 11 Your cab, Sir," said tho policeman, comingup and touching his hat. Tho man's voice smote like thunder on his ears. He was himsolf again, standing under tho colonnado iu tho flaring gaslight, with the wind still blowing furiously down the street and . the rain splashing in the pools upon the road, and the dripping footmen standing by their horses.. His first impulse was to rush down the street in tho direction which fee woman hnd taken, and if he could to track her steps. But even as the thought camo into his mind, he felt how futile would bo the attempt. Sho would be safe from liis pursuit now, Jost amid the darkness and intricacies of the London lanes. Besides, why seek her but? Enough that he had seen her living face like a silent knell pver his murdered loys. There are moments into wjfich is forced tho life of years, moments it may be, of unutterablo joy,' tho light of which never fades quite away on this side of the grave, or of scorch ing misery which dries up liko a sirocco blast Hie fresh green verdfire of the heart, and leaves- in stead a baked and barren wilderness. When Leonard turned at the sound of the policeman's voice, ho scorned to have left already, at an immeasurable distance behind him all that belonged to his Marton life. Janot's face, which till now hod been continually beside hitn, a sweet presence of deligbt, rising before his eyes in crcry pause of thought, loomed far off across an immense, impassahlo gulf. Instead of boundless fields of liopo stretching nround him on every aide, arose a mighty prison-house, whose inexorable barrier? were shutting him in to dark- nuss aud despair. The womau he had seen was- his Wife! _ Extract from a new work entitled 11 Cornelius O'Dowd upon Men, Women, and Things in general. Cornelius O'Dowd is a young barrister, nowly wedded. On their marriage tour they arrived at Turin, where Mrs. O'Dowd wants to Icarn Italian, and hor devoted husband findi a master, who teaches both wife aud husband uioro than either oi thom know before. After five weeks' instruction from Count Amiibnle Castrocaro, Mr. O'Dowd Is recalled to England, nnd wishes to settle with the count, lie addresses Mrs. O'Dowd — " Did you tell the Couut we are off ou Saturday ?" asked I of Mrs. O'D. M Yes," said she, drily. M I suppose bo's inconsolable," said I, with a sneer. ' He's very sorry we're going, if you moan that, Mr. O'Dowd; and so am I too. Well, no am not Is and you may call me a Dutchman if yon catch me hero again. « Tho Count hopes yon will jiornrithimto soe you. Ho asked this morning whether ho might cal on younbout four o'clock.' Yes, I'll seo hitn with sincere pleasure for once," I crjed, ? since it iso soy good-bye to him " I was in my dressing- room, packing up for the jourgoy, whon the Count was announced and shown in. Excuso mc. Count, Baid I, " for receiving you so informnlly, but I havo a hasty summons to call mo back to England, and no timo to spare." I will, notwithstanding, ask you for some of that time, all precious as it is," said he in French, and with d serious gravity that I had novor ob served in him beforo. " Well Sir," said I, stiffiy ; I am at yonr ordors." It is now seventeen longyears sinco tuat intoryiow, and 1 am free to own that I havo not oven yet at- tainod to sufficient calm and temper to relate what took placo. 1 can but give tho substancdpfflUr con versation. It is not ovor-pleasant to nN'dpn, but it was to this purport : — The Count I||£6Bxno to inform mo that, without any intention or endeavour on his part, ho had gained Mrs. O'Dowd's affections and won be heart I Yes, much-valued reador, ho mado this declaration to mo, sitting opposite to ine at tho fire, as coolly and unconcernedly ns if ho was apologising for haviug carried off my uinbreHaby inistako. It is true ho was most circumstantial in showing that all tlio ardour was on ono side, and that ho. throughout tho wholo adventure, coadopted himsolf as became a Grmi Gnlantuomo, and the friend of Globorti, whatever that might mean. My amazoincnt— I might almost call it my stu pefaction— ut tho unparallolod impudence of the man so ovorcamo me, that I listened to him without an offort at interruption. " I havo come to you therefore, to-day," said he, " to give up horrioUcrs.'' " Hor letters I" oxclulmed I ; "and she has written to you !" ' M Twenty-lhreo times in all," said he, calmly, as ho drew a largo pocket-book from his breast, and took out a considerable roll of papers. " The earlier ouos are loss interesting," said he, turning them ovor. " It is about here, No. 14, that they begin to dovolop feeling. You soo sho commences to call me Caro Animate-' — she moaht to say Annibule, but, poordenr! sheupristook. No. 15 is stronger—' 1 Ani mate Mio '—tlio sarao orror; and hero, in No. 17, 17, sho begins, ' Dilotto del mio Cure, quandonon ti vedo, non ti son to. 11 riolo stosso, non' mi sorrido pio. 1 mio Tiranno'— that was you. 1 caught hold of tbo poker with a convulsive grasp, but quick as thought ho bounded back bohind tlio tablo, and drew out a pistol, aud cocked it. I saw that Globerti's friend bad his wits about mm, and resumod tbo conversation by remarking that tho documents ho lmd shown mo wcro not in my wife's handwriting. " Very true.'' said ho ; " these, as you will per ceive by tho official stamp, ure sworn copies, duly nttestod at tho Prcfetturatho originals aroBafe." " And with what object?" asked I, gasping — " safe for what?" " For you, IUustrissimo,1' said ho, bowing, " when you pay me two thousand francs- for them." " I'll knock your bralnB out first." said I, with another clutch at tlio pokor. but tho muzzlo of tho pistol was directly in front of mo. " I am tnodorate in my demands, signor," said ho, quietly ; there are men in my position who would ask you twenty thousand ; but I am a gal- antuomo " " And tho friend of Gioberti," added I, with a sneer. Precisoly so," said ho, bowing with much grace. I will not woary you, dear reader, with my strug- glos— conflicts that almost cost mo a seizure on tho rain— but hasten to the result I beat down tbe noble Count's domand to one half, and for a thousand francs I possossed myself of tho fatal originals, written unquestionably and indisputably by my wife's hand; and thon, giviug the Count a final piece of advico never to let me soo more of him, I hurried off to Mrs. O'Dowd. She was out paying some bills, and only arrived a few minutos boforo dinner-bour. " I want you, madam, foraraomont horo," said I, with something of Othello in the last act in my voice and domoanour. " I supposo I can tako off my bonnet and shawl first, Mr. O'Dowd," said sho, snappishly. '? No, madam, you'll probably find' that you'll need them both at the end of our interview." " What do you moan, sir?" asked she, haughtily. " This is no time for grand airs or mock diguity, madam," said I, with the toho of tho avenging angel; " Do you know theso? are tbeso in your hand ? Deny it if you can." " Why should I deny ? Of course they're mine." " And you wroto this, and this, and this?" cried I, almost in a scream, as I Bhook forth one after another of tho letters. "Don't you know I did?" said she as hotly; and nothlug beyond a venial mistake in one of them 1" A what, woman, a what ?" " A more slip of the pon, sir. You know rery well how I used to sit up half tho night at my exercises." " Exercises I" " Well, (homes, if you liko that better1 ; tho Count mado mo make clean copies of them, wlth ali his corrections, and sond thom to him every day— here are the rough ones and sho opened a drawer filled with a mass of papers all scrawled over sad blotted. " And now, sir, once more, wbat do yon moan ?" I did .not wait to answer her, but rusbed down to tho landlord. "Whore does that Count Castrocaro live?'' I asked. « " Nowhoro in particular, I believe, sir, and for tho present ho has Joft Turin— started for Genoa by tho diligence five minutes ago. He's a Gran' Gal- antumo. sir," added he, as I stood stupefied. " I Am aware of that," said I, as 1 crept b&ok; to my room to finish my packing. " Did you settle with the Count ?" asked my wife. " Yes, ' said I, with-iuy head buried in my trunk. " And be was perfectly satisfied?" " Of course be was— ho has overy reason to bo so." " I am glad of it." said she, moving away—" he bad a deal of trouble with tbose themes of mice. No one knows what they cost him." I could havo told what they cost mo ; but 1 never did, till the present moment, A Theatrical Mubder Interrupted.— During tho performance of Othello at tho Lycoum Theatre, Stafford, on Wednesday evening, just before the consummation of the deed, a young man named Greenwood, who was seated in tho pit, rose in an excited manner, and having repeated Desdemona's prayer for mercy, , declared that he would not re main to witness tho perpetration of a murder. The bewildered youth thon rushed frantically across tho seats, and over the heads of the audi ence towards the door, where his further progress was- stopped by tbo burly form of police-sergeant Carroll, whom ho threatened to jump upon if ho did not allow him to pass. Tho crowdod uudionco for tho moment wore ovidontly taken aback by so unexpected an escapade, but speedily recovering themselves, gave vray to tho most boisterous laughter, in which Othello (Mr. J. W. Ennis), heartily joined.— Birmingham Post. The brig Brotherly Love, the property of Mr. James Young, of South Shields, has reached tho advanced age of 100 years, having been built at Ipswich in the year 1704. One thing that im parts. a peculiar interest to tho centenary of tho Brotherly Love is the fact that the famous Cap tain Cook's sea apprenticeship was served in her. | Melancholy Occurrence at Ska. — Eioht Lives Lost. — One of the most painful and heart rending incidents which lmvc transpired during tho late g ilo was witnessed by the crew of the brig Sovereign, Captain Jackson, on her passage from Wyborg to West Hartlepool. Tho Sovereign arrived at West Hartlepool on Friday night, and the captain reports that on Thursday' ho was some distance from Hartlepool in. a galo of wind and with a heavy sea running. About half past eleven o'clock in the morning he was steering the vessel, nnd was suddenly startled by voices crying out "Brig ahoy!" Ho called out to tho man on watch to know where it proceeded from, and for a few moments they could not perceive any one ; but looking behind they discovered a small " dingey," or ship's boat, with seven men and a boy in it. One of them luul a small flag on n stick waving it as a signal of distress, nnd bcckpn- ing the men to turn the vessol round. All hands were called on deck, and tho ship's course was speedily nltorcd, and in a short timo tho vessel was closo to the poor fellows, who were being tossed about in their little craft under momentary expecta tion of being swamped. On nenring them it was seen that the occupants of tho boat wore sailors, and one, who wns taken for the captain, was steer ing tho boat with an oar. Tboy appeared to bo quito exhausted, as though they had been ship wrecked the previous day, nud had been fighting betweon life and death with tho surging waves, without oithor food or water ; in fact, there was nothing in the boat but one saw and n life buoy. A lino was immediately hove to the boat, nnd it was eagerly caught by tbo men, who, by its aid, hauled thoraselvcs up to the sido of the ship. Ono of tho mon in the boat caught hold of tho chain fastenings of tho rigging for the purpose of keeping tho boat close to tho ship, but a heavy sea caught the vessel, and pitching it a sido lilted, the man out of tho boat. Finding himself in this position ho let go, and fell into tho boat at the foremost part of it with his foot, his head going over into tho water. On his companions seeing his daugcr thoy sprang forward to keep him in tho boat, but in doing so they upsot their littlo craft, and the whole thrco were pitched into the son. Two of the men kopt hold of the small lino that had bcon pitched to them, and wore dragged a short distanco with tlio vessel which was sailing undor close reefed topsails, but the pitching thoy received by the sea overcame their strength, and thoy had to lot go. They appeared lo%o swimmers, and were vuinly following in tho track of the sliip, but only a fow minutes elapsed and thoy sunk. Others wore trying to mount tho inverted boat, but they wore no sooner on if than a heavy sea washed them of?. Others were waving and calling out for' help, and for a moment disappearing under tho water and then risidj? again, renewing their signs for assistance. Gradually thoy all went down, but ono kept up about firo minutes longer than the rest, who was supposed to be tho captain, who had the lifo buoy in his band in tho boat. About ten minutes afterwards nothing but tho inverted boat was to bo seen, and in five minutes more a schoon er directed by signals from the brig, passed im mediately over tho 6pot where thoy had gone down, but no signs of life were to be seen. Tho captain of tho Sovereign believed tho poor fellows who have come to so an untimely an ond were tbo crew of some Swedish vessol, as thoy had tho appear- a a co of Swedes, and a boat similar to. thoso used by such ships. Some of them could speak English, t but with a foreign acceut.— Newcastle Chronicle. At Sebastofol.— Tho traveller would now be hold widespread ruin, and tho 'solitude aud calm which succeed the tempest of battle. Great ruins never die. Tho Tartar nraba and tho official's drosky roll over tho plateau where tho fresh spring- ing vines rise up amid a rudo necropolis. Stately forts still frown over the deep calm fiord in which lie tho bones of a navy as if waiting for its resur rection, and crumbling quays, shuttered towers, and broken shells of.houscs mark the margin of water on which, once floated tho armaments of a giant aggressive Powor. A fow grey coated sol diers clamber over tho heaps of broken masomy, and creep in and out of the dilapidated barracks and shot-riven dwellings. Listless, flat-capped, and' booted citizens saunter slowly through the city of the past. A group of boats in the centre of the harbour is engaged in endeavours to r&iso; to the suff&co; the hull of some rotted ship. All semblance of powor has departed. Encircling this scene of desolation nnd violent decay, roundca knoll and deep ravine, and undulating plain all seamed and dented with grass grown earthworks, spread from the sea to the great cleft In the pla teau through which rolls the stream of the Tch'ernaya, Within that narrow front once whito with tlio tonts of tho Western Powers, where tho thunder, of the cannon, day aftor day, and the lightning of battle flashed from cloud and leapt from hill to hill for long months, tho herdsman dow peacefully tends the flocks which browse fatly in the enriched ravines, and all that strikes the oar is. the lover's whistle mingled with tho lowing of the kino. A Railway Adventure. — Liverpool was startled. on Monday evening by a telegram from Riigby, stating that a man Jt&d; been robbed of £300 and thrown out of the carriage of tho London express train between Stafford and Rugby. A body of police was despatched to await the arrival of the train, and when it reached tho Lime-streot 6tation all the persons in tho carriage pointed out by the telegram wots takon into custody. They were four sailors nowly arrived from Calcutta, and a sergeant of artillery. Two- of the sailors were too drunk to give an account of tbo affair. A third, who, while in custody, had obtained leave to re tire to the closet, was detected with a purse in hts hand, containing a £10 note and some papers; nnd wosBtopped, thesupposition of thopolicobeiugthat this was part of the murdered man's property, which the sailor was about to throw into the closet. The sergeant of artillery stated that all the party were all more or loss drunk, nnd thhfc Apter, the individual murdered, rose suddenly while the train was rumling, staggered against' the door, and, tho door flying open, fell out. This account was not lie1(l to be satisfactory, 'and tho sailors and ser geant were detained in custody. Meantime search was made along the line for deceased's body, which, however, could not be found. Here was mystory on mystery. Tho train was running at express speed when Apter fell out, and dead he must bo, unless he was 6omothing more than mortal. Bat the special Providence which has often been said to watch over drunken men, had, interposed indeed miraculously on his bobalf. Oo Tuesday morning tho lighthe&rtcd; tar was found, sound and well, without oven a scratch on him, in a fell noar tbe railway, a few miles from Rugby, dancing " to keop himself warm." He says, that when ho awoke in the morning he found himself, to his great astonishment, in a ditch at the foot of a railway embankment, without Raving the slightest idea as to how ho camo there. Another Dreadful Outrage on a Sheriff's Officer.— Isabella Robinson and Christopher Robinson (son) bos bcon committed for trial at tbe Kirkdale sessions, near Liverpool, charged with an atrocious and murderous assault upon a sheriff's officer named 8backleton, who entered their houso in Edge-lane with a writ of execution. The son struck Bhackleton over tho head with & cavalry sword, nearly cleaving his skull in two, and also wounded him severely in tho legs, while tho mother struck him over the head with a poker. The hat of the officer alone saved his life.— Dublin Freeman' JournaL (It would bo a work of ho small difficulty to kill tnat man who wears a hat which saved his life while his. skull was nearly clove in two. He must be invaluable for the position he occupies, that of a sheriff's officer in Ireland. A loyal woman has written an able paper on the Amoric&n; crisis, in which she protests against killing off all the men. She says:— "I do not believe in fighting for the country and the Bag to the lost man; ana it seems to me anybody is an idiot who talks such nonsense. What would the country be to me or any other woman if the " last man' was gone f MrttDKU and Cannibalism in Bohemia. Noun comes from Bohemia of a revolting crime committed there on a widow lady in her 60tk year, named Conrad, who resided at Fullitz, and lived upon-lhe rents of a little landed property which she possessed in that neighbourhood. Ou tho 7ti\ 'September .sho loft Fidlitz on a pilgrimage to Quinau,; situated between four and five miles distant . from . the former . place. Sho passed tho night on the 7th with her two mnrricd daughters, who resided in the intervening town of Komotau, nnd nt half-past 0 o'clock on the following morn ing set out again on foot over tho hills to tako her offering to the muss at Quinau. She ncvor returned, and search was made for bcr. Lato in the evening of the following day, a party of tho searchers, who included many of tho villagers re siding at Quinau and the vicinity, cnino upon tlio horribly mutilated and perfectly naked corpso of the old lady. Her arms, logs, breasts, and other parts ban boen cut off, and were nowhere to bo ibuml. Tho corpso lay in a thicket at tho ond of tho wood, near tho hamlet of Sperbcrsdorf ; and ns there was not a singlo article of clothing nor any traces of blood to be found at this spot, it was concluded that the murder hnd been committed in some rcmoto spot, and the corpse dragged to tho place where it was discovered in tho night after the commission of the crimo. Up to tho evening of tho 11th no trace of the murderer or murderers could bo found, but on tbat day suspicion rested ona.mau called Triseh, or Antony, but better known by the nicknamo of Kuss, derived from his fellow-countrymen who had deserted him at Ko motau in the year 1813, just before tbe battle of Lcipsic, when no wns an infani. He was notorious for Ills wild and rudo character from his infancy, and had been imprisoned. )io gained his liveli hood as a bricklayer, and was a good workman when he was in tho humour. On the morning of tho 12th the police arrested him while at work upon a house. Whon charged with tho perpetra tion- of the murder, ho at- once confessed his guilt with the utmost readiness nnd indifference, nnd took the police to his lodging, where he gave up to them the clothes ho had stripped from the mur dered woman, with her umbrella, and five florins in money. He was immediately taken before tlio local magistrate, nnd then made tho fullest con fession of his criinu, relating its most horrifying details with tho .greatest coolness. According to his own account, ho wished to marry a young woman to whom ho was engaged, and intended to gain' his living for the future by the help of a barrel organ, for which, however, tho license was refused; ns the polico would not give him tho cer tificate of good conduct requisite in such cases in Austria. Hereupon' his " bride " deserted him, and married auother, and -his only thoughts were now bent on vengeance. In this state of mind ho went out towards Quinau at 6 o'clock on the morning of tho 8th, and resolved to murder tho. first woman he mot, whoever she might bo. Chance brought the aged widow Conrad across his path shortly after ho set out, and Iiq nt once compelled her lo go with him into a lonely part of the forest, where, nfter committing violoncc on her, ho took her life by throttling her with 'his hands. She died in three minutes. He next stripped her to the skin, out off various parts of her body as abovo particularised, and carried tho fragments ofhumun flesh, together with her clothes, the umbrella and five florins with him to his lodging. THe next day— and -this is tho most hideous part of his story— lio'boiled the human flesh with some pota toes, and consumed tho whole of it with tho ex ception of the fat, which ho skimmed from his cannibal stew and put into a bottle. The latter he put into his pocket and thon wont coolly to his' work as usual, which he pursued until the arrest- took place threo days subsequently. At 9 o'clock ' the remains of tho unfortunate woman were in terred in tho churchyard of Komotau, almost all the inhabitants turning out to follow in the pro cession. Soon afterwards her murderer was es corted to tho Town-hall of Komotau, on his way to the prison of Kaabecn, whore he now lies 'to await his trial. Virginian Pickets. — A letter from Grant's, army to tho Springfield Republican, presents 'us with a few more iucidents of the intimate rela tions existing between liostilo pickets " When " the last salute was finished yesterday there wns some cross-firing of words between the aroused pickets along our videtto line. ' How are you Atlanta?' called out one of our boys. You'd better try and take Petersburg, now,' was the brief response. 4 Sherman is after you fellows, sharp/ said Yank. 4 Won't you send some more of your coloured bradders into another mino?' asked Johnny. 4 Don't you want somo'coffee and sugar?' enquired our men tauntingly. 'Wouldn't you liko to exchange your wormy hard 'tack for ' our johnny cake!' replied the foo. This hit was a hard ono and unexpected. ' Our poor soldiers do havo shockingly poor bread just now. The worms in «it are very largo and very lively. Wo did not know beforo that they had been seen from tho enemy's works. There was more of this verbal sharpshooting. It is much practised noiv-a-days. While the two Hues, are in such close proximity no orders will pre vent intercourse, even among thoso who are true and loyal to their respective sidetf. There is a corn-field between our lines at ono point, a littlo to the left of Cemetery Hill. Tho opposing pickets will creep into that for an occa sional friendly chat, or for barter, or for a game of cards. Only think of it 1 Two of them wore play ing a gamo & ' few days sinco, with Abo Lincoln and Jeff. Davis as imaginary stakes. Tho Lin- colnito lost- 4 There,' said tho winner ' Old Abo belongs to me.' / Well.. I'll sond him over by the Petersburg express, ' responded the defeated Yank. One day last week there had been lively shelling and some musketry firing in the forenoon. After dinner there was a slack of hostilities. A Johnny rose up on tb€> parapet of his line, and shook a ! paper as a sign of truce, then sprang over into the corn field. At once a hundred mon from either line,\v$rc over their works, and side by eide swapping papers for papers, tobacco, and jack- kniyes, hard tack or sugar for corncake. Now nc- - quaintances wore made. In eome instances old acquaintances met. A Connecticut 6orgeant found a townsmen and a schoolmate in a sergeant from over the way. A Connecticut officer found a kins man in a rebel officer. A loyal Maryland regi ment was vis-a-vts with a Maryland sccesh regi ment.. Many links of union were there. Ono found a brother on tho other sideband yet another Ris own father. There's tho romanco of war for you ? After a littlo timo tho swapping of tho day was dono, and officers and men returned to their own lines. Air was quiet again until artillery ro-oponed fire. - Then a half score of loiterers roso up from their concealment in tho corn, and scram-, bled hack to their places behind tho works. Thus the fighting, and the chatting alternate. Queer business this war. A- Lively Dead Man.— A couple of medical students, disinterred a subject,' on a cold winter's night, and having dressed it, placed it, sitting up. right, on the seat of a covered waggon, and started for homo. Coming to a tavern, and seeing tho bar-room lighted up, they left tho waggon and . went in Tor a drink. Tho hostler, observing tho man' sitting alono in the cold waggon, attempted some conversation, but receiving no answer, ho discovered how the affair stood, and instantly re solved to have a littlo fun of his own on the occa- sion; So taking the corpso to tho stable, ho dressed himself in its clothes, and seated himself in tho waggon. Tho students soon returned, end took their seats by the side of the supposed dead man> when ono of them in merrimont gave him a slap on the face, saying, " how would you like some flip, old fellow ? ' then remarked tremulously to his companion, "Ho is warm, by heavens!" "So would you be," replied' the corpse, " if you had been stolen from hell as I havo !" Both students bolted, and never returned to inquire for tho horse and waggon." m Toowoo»«i,Qo«»iijuia.— rrinttd and published by D.U tor at the OOce of the "Toovoouia CHao.Tiei;Afrs Qvuasuxp APTUTUU.M Jamee-itmt, Febroer/ 9, Htt. 