THE WEEK'S NEWS. I The English Mail. — To give the greater | prominence to a matter of very genera] interest, we here repeat the substance of the Postmaster General's notice in reference to the English mail. 1 Newspapers will be received until 10 o'clock p;m on Saturday, the 26th. Summaries prepared for j transmission by this mail, and posted by publishers, j will be received up to 11 o'clock p.m. The mail I will close for letters at 11 put; but a supplemen tary mail for letters, upon which a late fee of 6d- has been paid, will be kept open until mid night. Money orders for transmission by this mai' should be obtained before 3 p.m. on Saturday, the 1 26tli. Northern Territory Appointments.—Mr. McKinlay has been engaged by the Government ^ for 12 montlis to examine the Northern Territory. Mr. Finniss will come to Adelaide to explain his proceedings, and the party wiil be left in charge of Mr. Manton. Dr. Millner has been appointed surgeon to the expedition. Mr. George Mayo ac- companies Mr McKinlay, who will take with him horses, stock, stores, and other things. The Affray with Natives in the Northern Territory.—A warrant was issued on Thurs day afternoon for the apprehension of Mr. W. P. Auld, for the wilful murder of a native in the Northern Territory. He was shortly after arrested and brought to the Police Station on the same night, whence he was liberated on bail by Mr. S. Tomkinson, J.P. He was brought up before the Police Court on Friday, and, after examination of witnesses, remanded for a week, no bail being allowed. It is understood that this action is the result of the report of the j Commission appointed to enquire into the matter, which report has been under the careful considera tion of the Cabinet since the arrival of the maiL The Northern Commissioners.—A gentleman returned from Port Augusta has informed us that the Commissioners had arrived there safely, and were preparing to start on their mission inland last Thursday week. Search for Leichardt.—The party equipped in Victoria to find and follow the tracks of the | long lost Leichardt had arrived at Menindee, on the Darling, early this month. The party was preceded by their leader, Mr. Mclntyre, and con- | sists of eight men under liis charge, 42 horses, and 12 camels, accompanied by four young ones. One camel had been left at the Murray, and one had been drowned in the Darling. Transport op Stock.—A correspondent states j that a magnificent flock of wethers are en route from Acre's Station, consigned to Deau & Laugh ton, of Adelaide. They were, it appears, in charge of an old and not steady man, who got drunk at Menindee and lost the flock. Fortunately they were recovered without loss next day; but it must be obvious that travelling stock should be in charge of experienced and careful drovers, or they may seriously deteriorate in value before they arrive at TtiarkPt if the flock in question should arrive in nearly as good condition as they were in at the Darling they will command a very high price. Victoria Theatre.—We are much mistaken if there was ever such a crowded house at any former theatrical entertainment as at that on Mon day evening for Lady Don's benefit. Not only were the front seats of the boxes and dress-circle filled with elegantly-dressed ladies, but every inch of space where standing- room could be obtained was occupied by the gentlemen. The stalls, pit, and gallery were literally crammed, and the im possibility which many experienced of getting j seats compelled them to stand, and that caused a continuous cry from parties unable to see the per formance to "sit down in front." It is to be regretted that'the capacity of the Theatre was not taken into account, and no more persons admitted than could he fairly accommodated. The opening piece, "Possession Nine Points of the Law," is a lively and well-written comedietta, and was, as well as the uproar which broke out from time to time enabled us to judge, creditably played. Lady Don was of course perfect as Mrs Smylie, and Mr. Appleton played a Yankeefied fire-eating fortune- | hunter with a cool assurance which, if not natural, looked extremely like it. Mr. Musgrave played a | bluff, but soft hearted North countryman (Mr. Ironside) in a veiy amusing manner, and Messrs ! Roberts and Macgowan two lawyers—one a gen tleman and the other a pettifogger—in a manner which broughtout stronglythelightsand shadowsol | that learned profession. The " Pet of the Public," a modernized actress-of-all-work, followed, in j which Ladv Don personated three characters, and ] introduced "When the Swallows Homeward Fly" in German, and the song of the 20th from The Daughter of the Regiment." On the fall of the curtain there was a general call for Lady Don, and as she came forward she was literally pelted with floral offerings from all parts of the house. In a few neatly-expressed sentences, and with a voice slightly tremulous with emotion. Her Ladyship expressed her grateful sense of the laige measure ^ of public support accorded to her during her per formances in Adelaide. She stated that that was . positively her last appearance, but she could never | forget the kind supportshe had received in Adelaide, and would ever invoke blessings on sunny South | Australia. The late Mr. W. O. Malcolm.—In our obituary on Saturdav, the 19th, there appeared a brief notice ! of the death of Mr. William Oliver Malcolm, eldest sou of the late Sir James Malcolm, K.C.B., of Milneholm, Dumfriesshire. Mr. Malcolm was a very old colonist, having arrived with Governor Hindmarsh in the Buffalo. He was the holder of | some originaljland orders, and selected two prelimi nary Actions at Magill. Of his town land he pre sented the site for a church to the United Presby terians. We believe Mr, Malcolm was one of the first colonists who engaged in sheepfarming, he having, in company with his brother, "squatted" with his sheet#-to the east of Adelaide. Subse- j quently -Mr. Malcolm resided for many years with his friend, Mr. A- B. Murray, M.P., atTungkilio, but removed to town, and died on the 18th, at Franklin-street, ■ after a fortnight's illness. The deceased was much respected by the survivors of the early colonists, and he leaves a widow and an only brother, Mr. Pulteney Mai- | colm, who is now in the Poit Lincoln District. The deceased was buried in the Adelaide Cemetery on Saturday, the 19th. The funeral was private, only a few immediate friends attended it, and the | Dev. Mr. Lyall officiated at the grave. Coroner's Ikqdest.—On Monday. August 21, Dr. Woodforde, the Coroner, held an enquiry at | the Manyatville Hotel, Marryatville, before a Jury of 12, oi which Mr. Geo. Hall was foreman, into the death of William Bennetts, aged 17, a son of Mr. J. Bennetts, butcher, of High-street, Kensington, and who was killed the previous Saturday evening by a fail from a horse. The deceased^ father j deposed that his son had been used to riding for a considerable time. B. Craze said that he would give any one lus. if he would back the horse for j him. The deceased was acquainted with the offer. Was called out when the deceased was thrown off. Remained with him until he died. Did not believe there was any danger in riding the horse, which j deceased voluntarily offered to do. Wllliam Smith, servant to Mr. Craze, deposed that he witnessed the ] accident. Deceased brought the horse out of the stable himself, and asked witness to hold it while he mounted. Believed he could ride, as he had seen him riding with a basket of meat, and knew he was a butcher-hoy. Deceased had one foot in the stirrup and was putting the other over when the horse moved to one side and he fell backward, not speaking afterwards. There was no kicking or buck-jumping, and the horse was quiet. Did not know previously that the deceased in tended to ride the horse. The Coroner remarked j that he did not see any blame attachable to any j person in the matter. It was nothing but natural , that the deceased, who evidently was used to | riding) should want to ride the animal; and he himself did not think generally there could be j found better riders than butcher-boys. Medical j evidence, he considered, was not required, as it j appeared the deceased's death had resulted from the blow received by fallingand no doubt the j skull had been fractured, or the brain bad received j such severe injury as to cause death. The Jury returned a verdict " That the deceased was acci dentally killed by falling from a horse." Colonial Workmanship.—We were shown on Monday by Mr. C* E. Firnhaber an exceedingly handsome piece of colonial workmanship. It is a cup consisting of an emu's egg dropped by one of the birds in the possession of Mr. Thos. Gravesf at whose order the work has been completed, and resting upon the summit of a grass-tree. The base of the nedestal is of considerable dimensions, and is entirely of silver. It has upon xt an emu, a kangaroo, and a wallaby, besides specimens of grCen and blue carbonate of copper and malachite Docks and indentations of the surface are also distinctly and well brought out. The stem of the supporting tree is of frosted silver, and is some what bent, and the radiations representing the foliage decline downwards and extend upwards so as to surround the base of the egg, the whole oi which is covered by a design in chased silver. The cover is surmounted by a kangaroo, and a wreath of vine branches, rich in clusters of grapes, conceals the rim. The work has been completed throughout by Mr. Firnhaber. The height of the cup is about 14 inches, and its weight 18 ozs. Criminal Offences.—The Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court terminated on Thursday, after a tedious and protracted sitting, extending over three weeks. The calendar was unusually heavy no less than 65 cases having been disposed of during that term. The Intercolonial Rifle Match.—We under stand that Lieutenant-Colonel Mayo, as arranged by the Committee, had an interview with the Chief Secretary on Thursday, when be renewed a previous application to the Government to defray the tra velling and other expenses of the competitors in the rifle match with New South Wales, which is to take place in September, and that the Chief Secretary agreed to allow the sum of £20 for the purpose. The Steeplechase.—By an unfortunate error in our office last week the altered date upon which j this annual steeplechase was announced by adver e j tiaement to take place was stated to be Wednesday, j, ] September 21, instead of Wednesday, Septem 5 i ber 20. The Rev. Michael Ryan.—Our obituary an- nounces that the Rev. Michael Ryan, Vicar General of the Roman Catholic community here, died on Thursday at Kapunda. The Fibe at the Devon Hills —An inquest into the causes of the fire which took place at the Devon Mills on the morning of Wednesday, August 23. took place at the White Horse Cellars. Port Adelaide, on the morning of the nest day, Thursday. A number of witnesses were ex amined, but the Jury were unable to return other than an open yerdict. A visit to the scene of the fire on Thursday afternoon showed that some progress had been made towards removing the quantities of wheat and flour which had not been injured beyond all hope of being serviceable in some way or other. There were, however, still to be seen hundreds of bushels of scorched and blackened cereals, and a mass of flour burnt and rendered quite useless. The wreck of machinery half-consumed sacks, and all the etcetera used in milling were mingled together, consti tuting in all a mass entirely filling up the cellar. Here and there among the ruins were to be seen fires which glowed like furnaces and which were devouring everything that remained of a combustible nature. The walls were still stand ing, but it seems pretty clear that it would be a wise course to level them as speedily as possible. We subjoin the following details of the insurances, which have been supplied to us as peifectly accurate:—Imperial—Stock-in-trade, £2,000; bags, £400; office furniture, £100; total, £2,590. Nor thern— Buildings, £2,000; machinery, £1,400; engine-house, £200; engine and boiler, £400; total, £4,000. North British and Mercantile—Stock-in trade, £500; machinery and fixtures, £500; trade utensils, £500; total, £1,500. Victoria Theatre.—There was a very crowded house on Thursday evening, the performance being for the benefit of Mr. Frank Howson and the Misses E. and C. Howson. There was a capital programme, including a pretty little ballad opera "Kate Kearney,*' in which several choice Irish melodies were introduced, part of the second act of "Der Frieschutz," and the farce "Nan the Good for Nothing.*' Had the opera been better rehearsed the dialogue would have been more con sistent; but the exquisite rendering of the music, especially by Miss E. Howson, more than atoned for sjiort coinings in other respects. Mrs. Grerille appeared as the Fairy Filadaune, and played, as usual, most pleasingly; whilst Mr. Greville was at home in Ned Ryan, a regular " broth of a boy." In the course of the opera the Misses Howson got fairly loaded with floral offerings from their admirers, and on the fall of the curtain they were called forward amid a perfect storm of applause. The lively coquettish solo, "If a youth should meet a maiden," was given with great archness by Miss Clelia Howson; but the house was fairly electrified by the style in which Miss E. Howson executed the grand scena, with the recitative, " Before my eyes beheld liim," and the air, "Softly sighs the voice of evening," and the continuation, "Hope againis awaking." Mr. F.Howson, as Caspar, in the incantation scene, managed admirably to make it horrible with very limited appliances. There were however, the goblin echoes and the wild skeleton chase in the air, and threatening sprites, ghosts in white, and Zamiel in red, and a cascade of real fire, so that it was a positive relief to weak neri es when the seventh charmed bullet was turned out of the mould, and the curtain fell upon the real smoke and the mock diablerie. Mr F. Howson was loudly called for. He came forward, and when the applause subsided he returned thanks for the favour with which himself 'and daughters had been received during their performances in Adelaide. He stated also that it was his intention to return in a few months with additional talent as a candidate for public support. The amusing farce followed, in which Miss Clelia Howson, as Nan the Good for Nothing, carried all before her, and completely established herself as a favourite with Adelaide playgoers. Briceraking Match.—Thursday evening being the last for receiving entries for the brickmaking match at Hindmarsh, the Secretary to the Asso ciation attended at the Lady Daly Hotel for that purpose, and reported precisely at 8 o'clock that the following had entered:—John Eckhold, Thos. Eliard, Henry Sanders, James Walkley, A- F. Reeves, Daniel Davis, John Low, "William Arthur. William Davis, and T. T. Brown. Several of these took prizes at the last match, and this it is believed will be still more closely contested, as all seem determine^! to carry off the cup. The value of the four pr.zes exceeds £20. The principal architects and builders, and others interested in this branch of colonial industry, have been invited to the dinner, to take place at the Lady Daly Hotel after the match. One hundred and twenty sat down last year, and fully that number is expected this. The match will commence precisely at noon on the 6th of September. Hawkebs oh the Darling.—It appears that the river steamers so frequently replenish the settler's stores that the profits offlthe hawkers are seriously diminished, and that in future they must make up their minds to compete with supplies via the river, or lose the trade altogether. Informa tion had been received atMcnindee that the Balcnne River had risen 30 feet; and as the Darling had risen on the 6th August IS inches, it was confi dently expected that in a few days more there would be water enough to call into activity the river steamers. Poet Adelaide Harbour Improvements.—A special meeting of the Marine Board was held on Thursday for the purpose of taking into considera tion the desirability of deepening the inner bar. All the members were present, and the President stated that the Treasurer had expressed his inten- [ tion of writing to England by the next mail, with [ a view of obtaining the sendees of a practical civil i engineer to examine and report upon the possi bility of deepening the inner bar and the best method of improving the harbour. They had, however, in the office the report and estimate by Mr. J. Abernethy, made iu 185S, and that of Mr. G.- Abernethy, who had examined the harbour; and they had also the estimate of the Foreman of Works, made in 186*2, which was based upon the calculations corrected by the experience of the dredge. A conversation took place as to the desirability of separating the question of the removal of the bar from the general question of improving the harbour, with a view to which the appointment of a Commission had been recom mended. The Board was unanimous in the opinion that the removal of the liar was desirable. The Secretary then read a copy of a letter addressed to the Treasurer by the Board in April, 186*2, from which the following is extractedIn reply to a communication from the Treasurer, requesting the Board to report' whether, to render fully valuable the harbour improvements already effected out of funds provided by Act 20 of 1854, any further expenditure for deepening the channel of the Port stream should be incurred; where such operations (if any) are necessary, and to what ex tent: what is the estimated cost of those works, and within what period they could be carried out'— it stated that the Board, hating given the subject most careful consideration, are of opinion that the improvements to theouter bar and to the inner har bour can only be available to the fullest extent when the inner bar is effectually deepened. The Board have gone very fully into the calculations on the subject, and feel that the removal of the bar would materially improve the navigation of the Port, and enable ships to pass direct to the wharfs, thereby saving a serious expense and lighterage, to which all ships with a draught exceeding 16 feet are liable. The Board would strongly recommend the removal of the inner bar to the depth of 14 feet low water, spring tides. To accomplish this it would be necessary to break up and raise about 309,000 tons 1 of crust and silt, the estimated cost of which would amount (at Is. 9<1\. a ton) to £27,03710s., the breadth of the channel to be 200 feet, extending from the Mutton Gove to the second beacon below snapper Point. The work would occupy about five years. The President stated that Mr. Aliernethy's esti mate was £33,000; but wages were then higher, and from the experience since gained of the work per formed by the dredge he was sure the object might be effected for £30.000. It would be necessary to cut a channel about II miles long by 300 feet wide, to an average depth of 31 feet, in order to give a depth of 14 feet at low water spring tides. A dis cussion ensued, and the President explained by reference to a chart the depth of water on the bar and the nature of the bottom. He stated that he had been unable to procure in time for that meeting copies of Mr. Abernethy's reports; but if the Board would affirm the desirability of the work being carried out, he would advise the Treasurer to defer communicating with England until the fol lowing mail, and in the meantime the whole of the information on the subject should be laid before the Board. To this course the Board agreed, and the meeting adjourned. A Squall in the Northern Territory.— The following is an extract from a letter from the Northern Territory, dated in April"The squalls during the rainy season are terrific, the lightning is incessant and blinding, and the thunder deafen ing. the wind almost strong enough to blow you into the middle of next week, and the rain enough to drown you on the way. A description of one of these squalls will not perhaps be amiss. They first make their appearance in the shape of a dense mass of heavy black clouds rising above the horizon, with electricity darting through them and pouring like molten lead into the earth; nextthe wind sud denly chops round to the direction from which the squall is rising, then falls a dead calm, and an awful stillness prevails. Then, as the squall advances, the low rumbling of thunder follows each flash of lightning, getting louder and louder as it nears you, and you begin to hear the wind (if near the sea) moaning over the water, until the squall reaches you and breaks; then the wind strikes like a mighty hammer, and the lightning becomes dazzling, sometimes completely blinding j-ou for a few seconds, and the crashing and roaring of the thuuder becomes deafening and makes you fancy the heavens are coming down ' holus bolus' on the top of you. The rain now begins to fall, and * I lasts for about half an hour, when the squall gradually passes over, leaving all calm aud peace if I fill as before." Australia at the Dublin Exhibition.—The correspondent of the Times says:—"From the Australian Colonies the collections are not yet thoroughly arranged, owing to the short notice they received and the great distance they had to send. South Australia exhibits samples of her fine wheats, for which she carried oil" so many prize medals in London in 1862; also a series of water colour drawings of the City of Adelaide and the mining districts. Queensland shows samples of silk, cotton, woods, and fibres. There is an inte resting case in this department of colonial wools, in all their stages, with the manufactured articles made from them, exhibited by Joseph Craven and Co., of Bradford. These thin all-wool fabrics are interesting, as showing the success wjth which British manufacturers are nowable to compete with the French in this class of goods, for which hitherto they have had the greatest run. There are some marvels of skill in fine spinning in this case." The Intercolonial Rifle Match.—A special meeting of the Rifle Match Committee has been called for II o'clock on Tuesday to consider the following letter which Colonel Biggs has received from the Secretary of the Sydney Committee "Volunteer Brigade Office, Sydney, August 15, 1865. "Sir—Mr. Longson's letter to me of the 2nd instant was yesterday considered by Colonel Richardson and the Committee appointed to carry out the ' Adelaide Match,'' and I have been re quested to write to you iu reference theieto as follows:— " Date of Match.—We much regret that we j cannot tire the match earlier than November next, that being the month after our Annual Rifle | Association coutests, which take place in October, ! because all our ranges are fully occupied by com pany selection firing, and by the selection matches for the intercolonial c contest, and we have so many things on hand that we should not be able to work | up the Adelaide team hs well, and therefore it has been determined to select the men for our match with you after the Association matches in October next from the result of their filing in those matches, and to shoot the Adelaide match on any day from the 1st to the 20th November ! inclusive. This arrangement, if you consent to it, will save us a series of selection matches which , the present crowded state of our range register would prevent, aud it will also ensure that you ' meet the very best shots our colony possesses, and so the greater honour to you if victorious. "Number of Men.—Captains Jacques and Still proposed to the Committee, that as this was to be a match between the entire volunteer forces of both colonies, to give the affair greater eclat, and to make it more popular with the outlying companies, the match should be contested with forty (40) men a side. The Committee approved of this suggestion, and I have to ask if you will agree to , double the number of men originally proposed. " Slings.—We never use slings here in any of our matches, and it is one of the rules of our Rifle Association that in all matches the slings should be taken off, and the rifle held naked in the hand. We must therefore ask you to observe this rule also. " I can assure you that we entertain a very whole some dread of you as opponents with the Govern- • ment weapon, and shall consider it to be a very great honour to this colony if we can beat you, anticipating, as we do, a very close match. " If you agree to the alterations proposed in my letter, please seud a telegram to Colonel Richard son notifying same. . "I have, &c.;, " Gerard Phillips, "Hon. Sec. Adelaide Match Committee. " To CoL Biggs. Com. VoL Military Force, Snuf.h Anstralio " South Australia. Agricultural and Horticultural So cutty.—The monthly meeting of the Agricul tural and Horticultural Society was held at the Norfolk Arms on Friday, August 23. There was a large attendance of members, and the President (Mr. A. B. Murray, M.P.) presided. The minutes of the last meeting having been read and con firmed, the Secretary read the following letter from the Under Secretary with reference to the disease in wheat:—"I have the honour, by the Chief Secretary's direction, to inform you that the sum of .£200 has been voted by the Legislature towards investigating the causes of the disease in wheat; and I am to suggest that the matter should be submitted to a Committee of the Society to be appointed for that purpose, upon whose report the vote will be expended.'' With reference to the rem irks of the Judges at the last match, in which they recommended a second prize to be given for the double-furrow ploughing, it was carried, on the motion of Mr. E. M. Bagot, that the prize be granted. The protest against Mr. J. Dunkley's horse Vernon, laid by Mr. Foster, on the ground of its not being in the paddock within the specified time, was also considered; but as the Horse had not received a prize no further notice was taken of it. Some discussion took place as to the desirability of enforcing the rule requiring the stock to be on the ground and in their places at the proper time, and as to'the time for the Judges to commence their work. The question, it was decided; might be Bafelv left to the Committee. The Secretary produced a plan, furnished by Messrs. Green & Wad ham, of the ground granted to the Society by the Government, and stated that there were nearly nine aeres altogether. After some discussion, it was carried that the President and Messrs. E. M. Bagot and W. Ferguson be appointed to have the ground fenced in to their satisfaction as speedily as possible. The report of the Sub-Committee chosen to revise the October prize-list was brought up, containing several alterations. In the draught stock, "for the best foal at foot of this season," the words "of this season" were struck out, and the words "dropped siuce the 1st July last" inserted. The same altera tion was made in the blood stock. In the sheep class, after "for the best 20 fat long- woolled wethers, not Merinos," the words "not Merinos" were struck out; and an entry in the third class made as follows:—"For the best 20 fat wethers of any other breed or cross.' It was agreed that the prize for the last class should be the same as the others -£3. "For the best sow and litter," it was carried that the value of the prize should be increased from £2 to £5; and another proposition that there be two prizes—a first of £5 and a second of £210s.—was also carried. The other alterations were agreed to. The Secretary then read the following applications for the office of Analyzer of Soils:—From Mr. G. fLCossins, who expressed his surprise at seeing that the Society nad called for tenders for the office, as he had understood from them that if the Govern ment grant was obtained, he was to have the office, and on the strength of winch he had purchased apparatus in London for the purpose, which was being sent out to him. A letter from the Chief Sectetary, enclosing one from Mr. W. Thomas, who based his application on the fact of his having been with Professor Johnston, and being well acquainted with the subject of vegetable diseases. From Mr. H. 1). O'Reilly, stating qualifications for the office and the tetms for each analysis; and from Mr. J. A. Bruce, of Kapunda. Mr. McEwin said, with reference to the letter of Mr. Cosfins, he was one of the Com mittee, and he was not aware that any arrange } ment had been made as referred to. If any of tae [ Committee took upon themselves to state that Mr. j Cossins's terms wereaccepted, it was exceeding their duty. The Hon. G. 8. Kingston agreed with the remarks of Mr. McEwin, and suggested thata Sub Committee should be appointed to consider the applications, and submit their opinion to the general meeting. Mr. E. W. Hackett proposed, and Mr. Harvey seconded, that the following per sons be appointed to consider tbe subject as to the analysis of soils:—The Hon *J. Baker, Messrs. G. McEwin, E. M. Bagot, J. Frame, K. VV. Andrews, W. Thomson, and the Hon. G. S. Kingston. Carried with the addition of Mr. Hackett's name, who was appointed convener. The Committee to report at the next meeting. The day of holding the October Cattle Show was fixed for Thursday, the 12th, and it was carried that the next meeting of tbe Society lie held on the 22nd September in place of the stwth. so as to allow timefor the Judges to be appointed instead of appointing them that day. This being all the business before'the meeting it adjourned. Imported Stock. —The South Australian brought 36 draught horses and mares, which have been imported from Tasmania. Amongst them is a beautiful prize stallion and three fine prize brood mares. They are to be sold by auction by Mr. L. Barnard on Tuesday next. Ploughing Match. — The Aldinga Annual Ploughing Match took place on Thursday, August 24, in a section belonging to Mr. J. Pengilly, about two and a half miles north of tbe Aldinga Hotel The day was b.autifully fine, and there was a large number of visitors present during the day. There were 26 competitors in alL The whole affair passed off very successfully and pleasantly, and was wound up by a dinner in the evening at the Aldinga Hotel. Adelaide Life Assurance and Guarantee Company.—The number of shares already applied for in this new Company is about 12,000, and the remaining 8,000 would probably be at once taken up by the promoters were it not desired to make the proprietary as numerous as possible. It will be seen by an advertisement that the time for receiving applications will expire on the 8th September. A Trip to Port Darwin.—A gentleman at Adam Bay writes thus to a relative in Adelaide "I have forgotten to give you an account of my last exploring trip to Port Darwin.' On Monday, the )7th April, Auld started in command of a party of four; Dr. Ninnis also accompanied us as a volunteer. We swam the horses (nine in number) across the Adelaide at the Narrows in a little more than half an hour, and remained on the other side till Tuesday morning, when we started shortly after 7 o'clock with three packhorses. It is useless to attempt a description of each day's travelling, as every day was the same. Two hours' watching during the night amidst tornadoes of mosquitoes; a few hours' sleep in tomb-like curtains seven feet by three feet by two feet in height, made of calico or cotton prints, canvas bottoms, sewed on all sides, but leaving one end open for entrance. Turn out at 5 a.m. every morning to prepare breakfast and get ready to start. We generally got away about 7 o'clock. The day was occupied in struggling through swamps, bogs, or creeks, and forcing our way through grass. On the third night after our de parture from the Narrows we were encamped on the edge of a creek or swamp so thickly covered with mangroves that we could not walk through them. At about 8 o'clock, just after we had all, it thefirst watch, tprned in, we heard the report exceptl , . .. of a lieavy gun fired by the Beatrice, as previously agreed upon. A rocket was immmediately fired by us in reply, which we were after wards informed was seen on hoard the schooner, and replied to her, but this we did not see. Next morning, after a few hours' travel ling, we arrived on top of a hill about 100 feet high, from which we could see the Beatrice lying at anchor in Port Darwin, about three miles from us. At the base of the hill was a dense mangrove-covered flat, which extended for about a mile to the water'sedge, about two miles from which the schooner was anchored. We moved round on to another hill, separated from the one we were on by a broad valley of man grove swamp, from which the Beatrice was not more than half a mile, and to the last of which the boats came. The Beatrice had left Adam Bay on Tuesday morning, and'arrived in Port Darwin the same evening. When we arrived the Govern ment Resident was exploring the east arm in the boat with Mr. G uy. the second master. He returned shortly after we arrived and came ashore to us. He gave a bad account of his part of the trip, having seen nothing but mangrove swamps and mos quitoes. We spelled the horses on Saturday, and the Government Resident started in the same boat to explore tbe middle arm. On Sunday morning we started on ojr return trip to the Cliffs, where we arrived on Thursday all safe and sound. Port Darwin is a miserable place, about 10 degrees hotter than the Cliffs, and without a breath of air stirring. A few isolated rocky hills, with mangrove swamps or the 6ea at the base, entirely shut in the harbour from all cool hreezes, and if a breath of wind does reach it, it has t« blow over numerous mud-flats and miles of mangrove swamps, carrying with it all the malaria they are supposed to contain. Two gold diggers of our party are very sanguine of finding gold there some day. One offered to bet £50 that it will be found in six mouths or less. I was heartily glad to get back to the Cliffs again. If the Government do not decide upon making this the capital, I shall make the best of my way out of the Northern Territory, and say good-by to the £6it 7s. fid. paid for the land order. I do not believe that any one could live six months at Port Darwin, Agent-Generalship.—The Governmen hare not yet filled up the vacancy caused by the resigna tion of the Agent-GeneraL The Railways.—The Government have re ceived some tenders for the purchase of the rail ways, but none of them have at present been ac. cepted. Mr. McKeslat.—The brig Eliza Corry, 216 tons, will probably be chartered by the Govern - nieut to convey Mr. McKinlay to Adam Bay. H is party will probably consist of three »r four persons, and will be made up to six, besides himself, at the settlement He will take about 20 horses with him. We understand that his instructions are to ascend the .Liverpool and, probably, the Roper Rivers, so as to examine thoroughly the country which is at present unknown. Horses are already being purchased for the expedition, and it is for their more safe and convenient transit that a sailing vessel has been preferred to a steamer. The Eliza Corry may be expected to sail in less than a fortnight, and she is to bring back Mr. Pinnies and several settlers to Adelaide. Tothill's Creek.—A correspondent informs us that on August 19 a cricket match came oh' at Tothill's Creek between the Royal Oak Club, under Mr. Downing, and 11 picked men, who selected Mr. Grady as their captain. The latter were the victors by 34 runs. Offenders at Large.—Warrants have been issued for the apprehension of the following personsDavid Welling, for not appearing to his bail; very tall and thin, about 60 years of age. Enoch Wyld, for forging and uttering a cheque for £19 18s. Wyld is about 30 years of age, and 5 feet 6 inches high, dark complexion, with wound on left ride of face, and left eye damaged by a colliery explosion. A person, only known by the name of Dick, charged with stealing a roan mare, white face, branded W near shoulder, and C off rump; also a bridle and saddle and colonial breastplate. "Dick" is about 26 years of age, 5 feet 8 or 9 inches high, fair complexion, and light hair. Police Reward Fund.—The Police Gazette contains a general order by the Commissioner, announcing that the Reward Fund for the period from 1st July, 1864, to the 30th June, 1865, will be distributed on the 21st August amongst the officers, non-commissioned officers, and constables who have conducted themselves satisfactorily, and have been not less than six months in the police force. The moiety of fines for the period given to be distributed amongst the Metropolitan, Port, and Water Police amounts to £226 8s. From that one-ninth (or £25 33. Id.) is to be deducted for the Inspector. Two-ninths deducted as Reserve Reward Fund, £50 6s. 2d. Seven men stationed in country districts will draw their shares from the Mounted Police Reward Fund. Seven men are not entitled, as they have been under six months in the force; and four are excluded, having been defaulters during that period. The £150 ISs. 9d. remaining is to be divided into 63 shares of £2 7s. lid., of which six sergeants are to have three shares each, and 45 constables one share each. The moiety of fines accruing to the Mounted Police amounts to £385 7& 9 is to be deducted for the three Inspectors, who are to have £4216s. 5d. each. Of this branch of the force 13 men are excluded from the distribution in consequence of not having been six months in the service, and one man upon the ground of having been a defaulter within that period. The balance, or £256, is to he divided into 109 shares of £2 7s. Id., to be distributed as follows:—The sergeant-major iota shares; four sergeants three shares each, eight corporals two shares each, and 77 constables tincludlng the saddler)'one share each. Bremer Mine.—We have been favoured with the subjoined abstract of Captain Frisk's report on the Bremer Mine'" August 24,1865. In handing my report for the past month I have to informyouthat the engine-shrift men have been busy getting in the plunger, which we hope will he ready to work by the end of the month. The 63-end south, as last reported, we have holed to No. 2 winze; and as we have commenced to drive south, we will soon he up to the big bunch. We finished stopiDg the bottom of the 53 south up to the end, and again began to drive. The lode here has met with the hard bar of ground to the west, which is general throughout the mine; but by driving a few feet to the east we shall meet with it again. We have finished sloping the back of the 43 south of engine shaft from No. I winze on to No. 3, and stultsfilied with addle, so that the 33-level is quite as secure as when first driven. The stopes south of No. 3 winze are getting thin, but for richness much as they have been from the back of the level. Wc have holedtoBoundey'sLodeatthe33tothecrosscutfrom the engine-shaft; the lode under the slide is about 10 feet wide, composed of quartz, rich yellow ore, and a little mundic, and making good, dredgework. We have commenced to sink a winze in the bottom of the 33, at the junction of the lode and cross fiookan which the crosscut is driven on, where we hope to meet with a good paying lode. We are also driving north at this level; lode much the same as that in the winze. We have set three pitches on^Boundey's Lode, out of which we are getting some good ore. Quantity of ore raised and dressed, 200 tons. The stuallness of the qnaniity is owing to taking the men away from the stopes, and putting them to the deadwork which is necessary to be done. We have adopted this course from having such a large quantity of dressed ore on hand; besides we will be able to dress away a great deal of the dredge, which is rapidly increasing; the new machinery being at work enables us to double the amount dressed. We have three furnaces at work, and wood is coming in better than it has been for some rime past. The Aerated Bread Company.—The applica tions for shares id this Company, which was launched on Monday, August 14, closed on Tues day, the 22nd, at which date 15,989, or 989 above the mnvimiim number issued, had been applied for. The shares have been now allotted, and the letters of allotment will be out on Monday next. Exhibition op Insects.—A novel kind of exhi bition is announced to take place in the Palais de T Industrie of Paris in August and September. The Central Society of Agriculture has conceived the idea of showing to the public a collection of insects useful for their productions—such as silk worms of all kinds, bees, insects producing colour ing matter, edible insects, and insects made use of in medicine; and, secondly, of such as are mis chievous to various crops—as cereals, the vine, citrous and other plants made use of in industry, green crops, and other edible plants, fruit trees, . forest trees, timber, and wood; and, lastly, of para sitic insects of all kinds. The edible insects will include the eggs of the Hemipteraof Mexico, with the bread made from the same; the larvs of India and China, locusts, and Polynesian spiders. The Acclimatization Society and the model farms maintained by the Imperial Government will furnish a considerable number of living specimens in some of the divisions, but there is little doubt that in others the public must be content with still life. The Minister of Agriculture and of Public Works had accepted the Presidency of the Com mittee of Organisation, which includes several persons of scientific eminence. The Exhibition was announced to open on the 15th August. The Colonial Office List.—We have receive^ from the Editor a copy of the Colonial Office List, for 1865, an annual publication which_now makes its fourth appearance. It is a handsome octavo volume containing full and detailed information relative to all the colonies of the British Crown systematically arranged and evidently prepared with much care. Among other interesting features is a list of persons now living who hold, or have held, any important colonial office, in which we find many names well known to us as connected with South Australia. The statistics of each colony are briefly given, together with a complete list of all Government officers and their salaries, as well as the rules and regulations of the colonial service. We may add that a well-executed map showing all the British colonies accompanies the work. It is a most useful publication, and wu understand that copies can be obtained of 5^, Bigfay. Distilling Apparatus.—In our advertising, columns will be found a notice of aft improved distilling apparatus manufactured bjj.Mr. Nitschke of Hindley- street We had an. opportunity ou Friday of inspecting a specimen of the article therein alluded to, and there seems to be no reaspft to doubt that its operation will he found successful as is anticipated. It is of fid gallon capacity; hut the appliances are so complete that, ten, times ihq) quantity of spirit of the very best quality van be produced, without difficulty in oqe day. The requisite heat, is generated by steqm, and very complete arrange ment exists for separating the inferior spirit from that described as fully equal to the British article. , The apparatus we examined has been made to the, order of Mr. Seppelt. of Seppeltsfield, who, in tends to turn it to practical account without, delay. General Carey.—The Argus contains the. following:—"The changes consequent qjj the. re* tirement of Lieutenant-General Cam^rop give the command of Her Majesty's ttopps on the Australian station to Brigadjer-General George Jackson Carey, C.B., an officer of much colonial experience. General Carey entered the army ba ensign in July, 1845, and secured rapid promotion, obtaining within eight years the brevet rank of lieutenant-colonel. He served with the Cape Mounted Riflemen during the Kaffir warof 1846-47, and during one of the actions he was engaged in had his horse shot under him. He took an active share also in the Kaffir war of 1859-2, in which he had a horse killed and was wounded. In 1863 he landed in New Zealand, in command of the second battalion of the I8th Royal Irish—the troops which took the leading part in the action at Koheroa, when General Cameron, to frustrate the plans for the seizure of Auckland, inarched into the Maori territory and drove the hostile tribes from the strong position they had fortified. Shortly after this General Carey took charge of a powerful expeditionary force, wherewith he established a line of posts across the enemy a country from the Thames to the Waikato. On the successful conclusion of this service he was appointed to the Waikato District, which General Cameron's victories had given the English posses sion of. The native tribes were, however, but half subdued, and the leading sept, the Ngatimanm potos, who had shunned the ordeal of battle in conjunction with the others, mustered in strong force at Orakau immediately beyond the British lines. General Carey with such troops as were at band made a bold dash at the enemy s works, and after a severe action captured the stronghold, in flicting so decisive a defeat that the Waikato tribes have never ventured to dispute the possession of their old domain. Under General Carey s protec tion military settlement has proceeded most satis factorily in the Waikato, and he left the distort with the best wishes of all. For his New Zealand services he was created a Companion of the Bath, 