PROFESSOR CAIRNES ON THE " COLONIA^ EÄU'IRR ' 'J- S'. ^: i L'ait evening a lecture . wns^deÜyéfed ik ?jhe Metropolitan Hall)rDublin, .. before the Tlgvxfë Alon's Christian Assbciatioîï, in\ cön |*neBUoii with tho United Cjiurcli bf England and Irolaud, hy Professor-'.palmes, ou ^Colonisation and Colonial Government.". Thoro was . a - numerous attendance; The chair was occupied by'tlïe Right Honorable -James Whiteside,- MrP.-.- - Tho Chairman, in ¡ a few remarks, Intro- duced the lecturer,1 1 :-: '' ''':',.}'' j Professor Carnies; who was rçcoiyed'w,ith. loud cheers, ¡fchon. rproceedod-- to deliver Iiis lecture. . The earlier part consisted ' of J a retrospective view of colonisation;-il In the lattorpart he expanded his views upon the' subjeot'of colonial independence ,inr the following terms :--And now, availing our- selves of the light which'we derivo from this rapid survey of tho past, lot us" endeavour to appreciate tho character .of the crisis-m our colonial history, in, - the . midst of which, at.' the present ^moment,' wo find ourselves. 1 One inference;1 forcbs itself upon us at tho ontsot.-' , Of .tho reasons wlrich have iii former times prevailed' for holding colonies' ia subjection, not one. can now be considered tenable. , One after another, the objocts.for the sake of which our colonial empire.was created have, in tile Erpgross of economic; and' political knûw îdge, been given up.;. Let us glanco at these obj ects in succession. Tributo, though we1 once''did attoihpt ' to exact;it, cannot :fairly perhaps bo 'included in the list." At all events at is unnecessary to say that the idea- oï obtaining tribute from a British colony is ono which has no place now in tile thoughts of any British statesman. So fur from, this, the table's have been turned-it is we who pay tho tribute-a tribute amounting in times of peaco to some £3,000,000 annually; what it will reach this year who|n the New Zealand- war is paid foi' is what ¡ I will not venture to conjecture. Again, com ¡ merdai' monopoly was long, : ns we ; have; seen, a leading object with those who built up and 'maintained our colonial empire. "Tho only uso," said Lord Sheffield, in ja dehnte during the American war of indepen- dence, " tho only use of the American colonies is tho market' of their commodities and tho carriage of their produce," and on this basis was erected that complicated system of prohibitions, bounties ana differ- ential duties, of which in a former part of this' address I attempted "to sketch; tho outline. 13ut- freo trado has wholly and for ever removed tho groundfrom this elaborate and thne- honoui-ed structure. Wo do not any longer ask,-we certainly do not roceive, from our colonies ¿ny commercial advantages wliich are not equally open to the whole world, which wo should not equally command though the political connection were severed to-inorrow. Tho commercial reason for holding colonies in subjection, therefore, like tho fniancial one, has passed away.:. But anothor.uso for colonies was in progress of time disco'vored ; tiley might, bo. turned . to account as rocop taoles ibr our criminals, convenient sewers for the moral and social offscourings of the parent ' state. I have shown you what was tho result of this elevated and hopeful viow of tho colonising art I will only now add that penal colonisation, long contlomnpirl by the best minds of the nation,' as well' as hy à disastrous oxperience, has of late years,; less, it is mortifying to think, from an en- lightened policy than under stress of neces- sity-been in practice abandoned;' Ono under British dominion, Western Australia ; but np one, I think, who has read the recont intelligence from that part of the world, will feel mucli doubt that this blot will ero long be removed. Well, the ' object of finance, tho object of commercial monopoly, tho ob- ject of gaol convenience-all tho objects in short which had served in former tamos as reasons for our colonial empire had ono after another been given up; yet-tho impe- rial structure remained-remained not only unsustained by any grounds of solid reason, but burdened by nu extraneous weight of ¿£3,000,000 sterling spent annually in keep single plo of a penal colony still, exists ing tho building in repair. People began to ask eui bono? Various answers wpro re- turned. Ono writer said wo took out tho valuo in prestigo. According to another tho colonial empire was a school in which wo might practico the art of governing, and cultivate the . "imperial senso," which, it was alleged, was worth tho monoy. ' Just two years ago a high autho- rity propounded a moro tangible doctrino. Tho political connexion has been justified by Mr. Morivalo on tho ground of the value of colonies' as a field for emigration. Tho idea was a godsend, and once started, was eagerly taken up. " It is difficult to exagge- rate," said a writer in tho Economist, " the amount of vivifying hope inspired in our worldng clnssos hore by tho knowledge that they can, at any moment, take refuge within tho limits of tho British empire." Tho theory was complete if it had only a basis in fact, but this,. unfortunately, was wanting. Tho emigration returns give no.ovidence of tho alleged preference of oui' emigrating classos for countries which are still under British rule; on the "contrary, the largo majority of those who omigrato from tho British Isles pass by choice ' outside tho limita of tho British empire.. Even of those who emigrate, in the first instance, to British dopendoncios, a largo1 proportion subsequently leave thom and' pass . into independent countries. .??Tho' stream of emigration from Canada to tho: United States has latoly bocomo so large' that tho Canadian people, lilco oursolvos, havo bocomo apprehensive of depopulation, and only the other day a select committee was appointed by the Canadian Legislature to report on tho bost moans of stopping .tho drain . Now wo may explain those facts as wo please, but facts thoy aro ; and. in tho proBonce of suoh facts it doos soem some- what preposterous to put forward the proferenco of 'our"'emigrating classes for British rulo, as a reason for inmntoining pur colonial empire. Would tlioro not, in -foot, be moro colour of roason in tho convorse of tho argument? But ono reason for main- taining our imperial rule I havo not yet adverted to. Wo havo adopted free trado as the principle of our commercial'legisla- tion. In tho advantage of tMs systorn our 'colonists share in common with tho rest ¡of the world._ Now, this being, so, might we not faMy-rèquire that tltoy should recipro- cate ouríHbóral dooling ? Slight we not I reasonably .taite our stand on tho principle that, as we had adopted freo trade for our- selves, so we- should see that freedom of trade should ' be the law in all those widely 'soattëre'd countries in which we have planted our-race ? There-is-no-doubt-that-some .twenty years ago, as the approaching triumph of free trade menaced tho foundations of tho "received colonial '""'doctrines -there is no 'doubt 'that-'this view proséiíted1 itself to the minds, of.^ome of: our most enlightened statesmen, and ; eminently just and reason- able as the thing demanded is,; as well ns holding out tho prospect of largo blessings to the community, of. nations, suoh nnpbjept might seem altogether, unworthy .'of, being made the logical . basis ,of , our .: rule. But here wei ore met by another principle equally reasonable, equally just, and "far mm'o"imporative- ra, principle. which, nls'o, after full consideration,1 wo had deliberately adopted-the principle ..of colonial self government. Now, 'self-government means govomment in accordance with the 'views of the persons governed: If we, aro prepared' frankly and in good faith'to give effect to tliis' principle, tho', case is, resolved. The - colonists will . either: approve of fred tracto; or they willnot.?: if they' db, a free trade policy wül. bo. adopted, "whether Ithey.'are or are not bur'subjects. If not,' thou,' our nnperial'.pretensions ./notwith- standing, free, trade will be; set nt nought, and protection will be established. This is, in fact, what in- sonié' instance's has hap- pened. Canada has employed tho,'legisla- tive powers which she received from,- Great Britain to lay protective duties on British manufactures. Canada has led the way,' and Australia bids fair to' follow in her steps. And now I think we .moy soo whore it is that the course of our colonial history hns at length lauded us. People aro asking i whether we are tb retain or part with our 'colonies. It appears to mo that to discuss this .question now is much like tho proprioty of locking the stable door after tho steed hos gone forth. No doubt tho British colo- nies still, in strict constitutional; doctrine, owe allegiance to the British crown ; to withhold this allegiance would bo rebellion. But bring tho question to any practical test, and let xis . see what the valuo.of this much-prized suprömacy amounts tb, in what tangiblo circumstances Great Britain impressos, hor will ' upon her colonies; and on tho other hand what tho attributes.'of sovereignty are which theso communities db not possess-which they do not * at ''fliis -moment 'actually'. ''exercise. ;I have just advertedto ono failure to main- tain in them tho principle of free trade-so just arid reasonable a claim.1 Tn-'conceding to them self-governinont, it was hoped that the mother country' might' yet reserve to herself the "control of the colonial waste lands-'/ territories," said ÄLr. Wakofiold, "which the nation had acquired by costly efforts as a valuable national property, which we: have every right in justicc,.j and are bound by every consideration' of prudence, to. use for tho greatest bèiièfit of tliis country." But one of tho first uses which . the emancipation legislatures made of their newly-acquired power was to possess thomnolt-oo of. this nationnl pro- perty, nor havo ? they since been . disturbed in its possession. Again, it was.not thought unreasonable that, having undertaken their defenco, wo should have a voice in deter- mining ? tho amount of military force they should maintain. But hore, too, our expectations have been falsified. For the last two years tho homo government, backed by tho¡Times, have been emplóying.altérnato entreaties and threats to induce tho Cona-, dians to augment their military force, and they have employed them in vain. Thus in their commercial policy, in, their territoriiil poli'cy,in what we may call their foreign policy (since tho view taken of their military re- quirements would depend upon their opinion as to external dangers), tho. colonists, in the teeth of advice and remonstrance from the mother country-remonstrance rising some- times almost to menaces-have'deliberately pursued their own way. And now. lbok nt what is going forward in British North America. Some Laif dozen colonies havo appointed deputies to meet and decide upon a constitution, under which they propose to coalesce into a nation. That in a word, is tho scopo of this movement ; and if that bo not nn act of tho hi'ghost sovereignty, then it is difficult to iningino what sovereignty means. Tho Canadian loaders indeed assuré us,-as I observe ; from intelligence quite recently received, of their firm purpose; that the North American colonies shall remain integral portions'of the British empire ; but 'they do not toll us in what particulars they aro prepared to defer to imperial authority. They will probably bo oontent,'ns hitherto, to receive our advice, on the condition of being pormitted to decline it when it hap- pens not to coincide with their own views ; and they will, doubtless, have no objection to receive our assistance in fighting then' battles. But what does a good cause gain hy professions of " ironienl allegiance" such as. these ? Disguise it as they will under constitutional figments and sounding phrases, tho work on wliioh they nre ongaged is tho same work which some eighty years ago was consummated on no remoto scono when tho thirteen united colonios, having achieved their independence, mot together for tho ; précisoly samo purpose-to maleo tliomsolYOS a nation. My case might seem here complote ; hut within tho last week intelligence-has reached this,country which furnishes a fresh illustration of tho naturo of our imperial rulo so apposite to my . present tiiomo that, 'though at tho , risk of prolonging, un- duly this address, I am unable to resist tho temptation of bringing it before yoii.' ,You will ! remember I stated just now' that Western Australia formed at present tho single instance among all our colonies of a convict settlement., For somo years this cir- cumstance has been a source ' of constant discussion between tho homo Government and the other-that is to say tho Eastern Australian colonios. ' As, I haye already re- marked, transportation, from a . cortain '.point of view, has undoubtedly something to re- commend it Tho mother country, by its means, certainly géts rid of a very undesir- able portion of her population; while for the emigrant, if his object be Bimply to make afortuno with all convenient speed, and re- turn to Jiis native country or migrate »olso whore, it is beyond doubt an> advantage-^ more especially in a very^ sparsely¿ peopled country-to be assured of a constant supply of able- bodied labour.. v. On; tlieofcher hand, if the colonist intends to make the colony: his country and home, the objection to letting loose, periodically, ? upon-tho- infant com- munity gangs of tho picked ruffians of tho old country, seems equally conclusivo against the scheme. "Whether"the formor represent tho motives of tho Western Australians, I do hot undertake to say, but it is certain that a large number amongst thom havo welcomed this specios of immi- gration.' On tho other hand, tho eastern colonies" have long vehemently. protested against transportation in [every form. Now hero, perhaps, it will occur "to you that, tile case being so, there is no reason that both parties should not be satisfied; but at this pointa hitch,occurs. Tho eastern colonies, two of which aro tho "gold-producing districts. _of New South-Wales and Victoria, oiler tar greater attractions to the convict class, as well as to other- -classes, than tho bare and unpromising desert, to which tho convicts ? ato sont, , and, accordingly, as soon as tho terni of their sentence is expired, large num- bers migrate to the eastern colonios. The colony which profits by their services is thus, so soon as 'those services cease to bo profitable^ .relieved of : their 'presence, which perhaps may: also go to account for_the.jpopularity of the system in this colony. According to the evi " dence ' of Mr. Nowlaiub and Mr. Torrens, both for a long time magistrates of Southern Australia, and tho' latter a member of tho Legislative and Executive Councils, " with- in three years 1 after the resumption ' of transportation to. "Western . Australia over one thousand conditionally-pardoned ; and ticket-of-leave men found their way from that colony to Adelaide, and tho result was a rapid increase of violent assaults, robberies, and, burglarious crimes." Now. ,1 think it must be confessed that such a state of things constitutes a very substantial grievance. But sentiment is also involved in tho. op- position of the Eastern Australians to tho continuance of this system. These colonies, they say,- aro rapidly growing up into powerful nations. " Generations are spring- ing up which, -will call Australia their birth- j plaice, and will make it' their homo. To thom it is fatherland, and they see clear enough that a great career lies beforo it." " For.this reason," says an able and eloquent colonial-writer, "we aro jealous of tile fair fame of the land; and we' aro unwilling that colonies which contain within them- selves tho seeds of great nations should have their nnmo and history associated with convictiBnv in any form. Wo ask, and wo have a right to ask, why should we iii this colony, who from tho first havo strenuously rosolved that the convict element ¡should have no placo hero, havo tho scum of England's moral impurity thrown down at our next,door?" The outside world will make no 'nice distinctions between eastern and western, free and penal, Australia. They will only know that convicts'aro deported to Australia, and tho word for them will cover all tho colonies. " Wo therefore," they say, suffer in. reputation by, even the remotest contact with evil things." I confess it scorns to me tim* language such ns Lids docs honour to tho people iVum whom it proceeds. By the last Australian mail a minute lins arrived from the Victorian Government, in which its chief secretary announces to the Government hero that, it having been forced upon tho attention of himself and his col- leagues that further remonstrance is useless, " tho timo has arrived when it is incumbent upon us, in the exercise of pur powers of self-government, to initiate legislation in connexion .with the colonies whose interests are alike affected, for our common pr'otec tíon." Ho then proceeds to state that tlio Victorian Government has invited the co-operation of each of tho oilier colof ides interested, with a view to framing à measure "prohibitive of all intercourse whatever with Western Australia," "in order that her position ns the only convict colony may " be distinctly marked ;" nnd ¡ further, he gives notice that the Victorian Govomment will, nt tho expiration of six months from the 1st November, cease to contribute to the annual mail packet sub- sidy,' unless upon tho condition that tho packets shall not touch at any port' in Western Australia. Such is. the point at which this painful controversy has arrived. And now, can any one doubt what will bo its termination ? Absoluto unanimity, it seems, prevails on tho subject in all tho Eastern colonies. Under these circum- stances is it conceivable that tho homo Government should persist in forcing on a quarrel with our own kindred in such a cause, for the privilege of discharging at their doors the off-scourings of our prisons ? Of course no such fatuous act will bo com- mitted ; of,course the homé Government will succumb. But what an illustration does this afford of our imperial rule ! In North Amerioa tho British colonies1 have initiated action among themselves to, form a ' now state. This may be an act of sovereignty, but it is, at all events, a neutral net. But how shall wo characterise a proceeding in which colonies meet tógothor to concert measures distinctly and avowedly to nullify tho policy'of tho imperial Btdto ? Suppos- ing thoso colonies were formally indepen- dent, what other course would they, in like circumstances, pursue than that which they aro '? now : actually pursuing-- homely,, look out for all alliances amongst communities similarly affected to counteract a policy which aggrievod thorn ?. Look, thon, nt tho position in which wo stand. Wo have abandoned all the objects for tho sake of which our colonial empiro was founded. Wo aro 'unable to impress our will upon 'our coloniqs in any particular, however in itself reasonable or just, or apparently necessary for their safety or ours. ; Wholly irrespec- tive of pur wishes, thoy enter into alliances, uni tb and- separate, dispose of their lands, recast their constitutions, and oven combine for tho avowed purpose of thwarting our designs. When tilings have reached this poss, it seems / rather idle to : ask-are wo to ..retain our. colonies ? Retain our colonies. What is there loft to retain ? Retain the privilege bf spending yearly £3,000,000 sterling on their protection,: and rocoive in requital prohibitivo tariffs and' ^ironioal allegiance." But I shall not bo -guifty of tho presumption of venturing further into an argument which has already been exhausted by tho writer who has made ^lis subject his own. Two years have just passed since Professor Goldwin Smith in a series of lottors which in argumentative ability,-musculine.. .eloquenco,..-and~ satirio verve, havo rarely, been;equalled; in tho literature of politics, forced this subject on tho attention of tho people of tlüs'cöüntiy forced it on their attention,, lot me soy, with true patrio'tio boldness, at a time, when "leading" journals thought only of tabooing it as an inconvenient- topic, and judicious politicians, gladly avoided a question, from which, whilo no political capital was to be reaped, much unpopularity might easily'bo incurred. Professor Smith may -congratu- late .himself upon a triumph speedier and more completo than, often falls to tho lot of jjolitical innovators. Already some of our stntesmon pf greatest promise have given, in their adhesion to his viows ; and tho " lead- ing" journal," .which attacked him with even more than its ' wonted' insolence, now with characteristic effrontery adopts his opinions as thoso "which have always found utterance in tlio Times." The British empires-lot iiio hero state for .what it is worth tho conclusion to which serious reflection lins guided mo - the British-Empire, such us it has hitherto been known in the world, has readied its natural goal. That British power, or that the-in- fluence of British ideas will in consequence suffer, declension is" what' at least I, for one, dei not believe. .Contemplating our career as a whole, it seems to me that we havo out- grown tho restraints and supports of our earlier state, niuVare now passing into a now phase of existence. Instead of a great poli- tical, wo shall be a great moral unity, bound together no longer, indeed, by imperial liga- ments, supplied from the Colonial-office, but b}- tho. stronger bonds of blood, language, and religion ; by the common inheritance of laws fitted for freo mon, and of a literature rich in all that can keep alive tho - associa- tions of our common glory in the past,. Thus sustained and thus united, each mem- ber of the groat whole will enter, without hindrance, the path to which its position and opportunities invito it, while nil will co-operate in tho samo work of industrial, social, and moral progress, exchanging freely -let us hope in spite of some present indi- cations to tho contrary-exchanging freely oin* products and our ideas ; in peace, good friends and customers, nnd firm allies in war. The lecturer concluded amidst loud cheering.-Irish Times, October 27. 