BOXING-DAY SPORTS the established holiday of Boxing-day was devoted. by a large portion of the inhabitants of Sydney various forms of social recreation. the great feature of the holiday was the Woolloomooloo, Bay Regatta which was witnessed with great interest by those assembled on the flagship and on the adjacent shore The several popular suburban resorts had each their fair share of visitors , crowds of pleasure seekers, dressed in holiday attire were to be seen throughout the morning wending their way to the Circular Quay where steamers conveyed them to Manly Watsons Bay, and other attractive spots about the harbour. The railway trams were well filled. We regret to have to report two distressing accidents on tho railway, one of which was fatal, but otherwise the holiday amusements do not appear to have been attended with any disaster Generally the excur sionists were well behaved, and, while entering heartily into the spirit of the holiday, enjoying themselves in a sober and rational manner WOOLLOOMOOLOO BAY REGATTA A finer day than that with which the people of Woolloo- mooloo were favoured for their annual aquatic festival yesterday could not have been desired. A light but cool and steady breeze from the eastward tempered the fervid rays of the summer's sun, and while the breeze was sufficient for the sailing races it left the water beautifully smooth for those contests wherein physical strength and endurance contribute as much as skill to success. From an early hour in the morning- crowds might be seen in all directions mak ing towards the Domain, where the day could be pleasantly spent and a good view of the regatta obtained the fine ship Philosopher did duly as flagship and right well did she answer that purpose She was well prepares to receive a huge number of visitors, and in this respect anticipations were realised, for we do not remember to have seen so large and at the same time so select a company on board the flag ship at anjyprevious Boxing day Regatta * Tho racing for tho most part was excellent, a good band was in attendance, and polka and scottische followed each othorin rapid succession The regatta itself was a great success, the company seemed determined to make the most of the day and the glorious wont her, and, fortunately there was not ono accident to mar tho onjoyment of t&i; "Tho dutios of umpiro woio siUisf ictonly i crformed U Mr J P Lamb, and those of stfti 1er by Mr V Brown At 1 o clock a party of about twontj five gentlemen embracing the committeo and othor olllcials sat down to an excellent luncheon in tho oaloon, tho President of tho KB Bííih,Slr^-nU^a,an^s' M\C' °=cl'Py¡% the chair and Mr W B Dalloy tho vico chair Aftor due-using ti« viands nu« v\mes-both of which woro of good quality M1 abundant in quantity, lho GHAIIIMVN roso nnd propoi U "ThoQueon (k toast boinçr received with cuthusi istic expressions of loyalty lho "Brinco nnd Pi incess of Wales and tho rest of th« Rojnirumily, and "Tho Qovornor in Chief, woreak proposed and lcccived viith nil the honouis , lho \ICL CHAIUMVV proposed, with suitali'o romarki " The Army and Nav y 1 ho toast waa war aly rocolved the band, as w ith the i rov lous toasts, pla) mg au appropriai« Ihe'SiCP CHAIRMAN propose! what ho constdorolthe toast of the occusioD, ' Success to tho Regatta Hewn sure that there was not ono person pro ont but who rojoiecd in the success of tho present regatta, nnd hoped there would bo man) similar regattas in tho futuro lhere was no part of the harbour vi hieb could vis with that, in its suitability for a regatta It was perfeotly land locked, and naturo hil pointed it out ns specially suitable for an aquitio touraor than which thero was not a tiner spectaclo in tho world lho sentiment vv is received with enthusiasm lho VICF CiiAMMAis roso to propose tho toast of all occasions vv hero a j nrty of gentlemen mot ' iho Lah« What would nil this sparkling sunshine, boauty of water, and glory of loveliness bo without the presence of thoso who wero to bo honoured by tho toast now submitted * Ile would be a most onginsl man who could say an) thing new ot this toast which was alvuijs proposed*; with oloquenco because it was responded to with feeling Ho had much ploasuro in proposing the " Health ot Ladj Young nnd tho Ladios of the Colony lho toast vi as verj warmly received Mr L A rAUK rolumcd thanks Mr J P LAMII proposed the health of Captain Rou and lho officers of tho 1 hilosopher In speaking to this to ist, Mr Lamb took occasion to mention the groat kind ness of Captain Ross m placing bib (ino ship at tho dispoul of tho committee ns a flagship on tho first application Captain Ross acknowledged the comphinont and ei pressed a hopo that ho might bo in Sydney again neil j ear and if so, ho should bo happy to entertain the oom mittce and then- fnends by giving them his ship as a nig ship Mr P W CUEAOH proposed " Tho Umpiro and Stnrter ' Messrs J P LAMII and \ BROW v responded Mr JobEi it, M L A , proposed tho hoalth of the chair man, who it wasobsorved hid always takon a prominent part m all mov ementa which tended to the aniusemoat and enjoyment of tho peoplo Sir WILLIAM MANNING returned thanks Ho WM afraid ho was not a vcrv useful prcsidont Ho was president of the Rifle Association, and, as ho had rocontlv remarked, he should probablj not hit the targot moro than once ot tw ice in two hundred snots He wnB n Btoward of the races, about which he know very littlo , and now ho was made president of this regatta, although ho could not sail the smallest boat in tho harbour Still ho was vorj happy to be able to promoto hilarity and amusement lho con pany then adjournod to tho quarter deck to witness tho progress of the races Luncheon for the visitors generally on a moro extensive scalo was eorved m tho tween deck« where thoro waa ample accommodation end provision for all corners With this by woy of preliminary, wo append amore detailed account of tho raoinir Tirst Race -All jouths under 16 years of age, pullinga pair of sculls m dingies not exceeding 12 feet on the keel Course-rrom Cowpor Wharf, round Tort Donison and back to flagship First prizo, £5 second prize, £2 En trance, 7s 6d Pelter- S Punch-Fink 1 Adonis-W Uhr-Searlot, and white sash 2 Slog Ahead-G Middenway-Blue and white 3 JNovicc-C Bulhvant-Bluo Dart-E Murray-Red 111 De- F Hn> es-Whito and pink Mojor-F Roderick-White A vory pretty raco, resulting in favour of S Pusoh, a young aspirant, who won it easily W Uhr waa second, and G Middenway third but a protest was entered hy Bulhvant against the two formor, on the ground of boin*; ovorage Second Race -All pulling dirigios not exceeding fifteen feet overall, under canvas Course-rrom mooringa ia Woolloomooloo Boy, round Clark Island, back round flat; ship, thenoo round Clnrl Island, and baok to flagship Tiret prize, £8, second prue, £2 Entrance, 7s 6d Friendship -J Bates-Red, and blue cross 1 Betsy Eaçar- G Kelly-Red, and whito cross 1 Oberon-w Birkenshaw-Magenta 3 Slipper) Dick-R Banks-Blue, and whito star Faust-Stewart and Bolton-Bluo and white Slippery Charlie- f Croft-Red, with blue border Kildare-8 Drennan-Black and rod Slim Jim-Irengrouso-Red, and black ball Gull-W Murra)- Rod Lodore-G Cannis-Red, and whito ball Messenger-T Roddam-Li¡,bt bluo Leisure Hour-G Ellis-Dark blue The lot got aw«) well togothor and it was not until they had got pretty well down towards Clark Island that they settled down into their places When they returned and rounded tho flagship Friendship hada strong lead which show OB evidcntl) increasing, Betsy Eagar was second, and Oberon third 1*0 alteration tooK place in tho positions of tho lending boats afterwards, and they finally passed the flagi-hip in that order, tho others being a considerable du tance m tho rear Slipper) Charlie was fourth Third Race-All bona fide amateurs, pullinga pair of sculls in outriggers. Course-From Cowper Wharf; round Fort Denison, thence round boat off Cowper Wharf,, and back to flagship. Prize, sllvercup, value £10 Champion- H D Filzhardinge- Red 1 Star- J Garvan- White and green 2 Flirt- C Davis- Wbite A very good race between Fitzhardinge and Garvan, ans it was a matter of speculation for some time who woud provo the winnor At length Fitzhardinge drew slightly away from his rival and kept his lead, though a very short one, to the finish. Davis had not a chance from the start. lho fourth raco did not fill, and consequently the« wa» rTfth Raco-All second class yachts, not oxooodrag 12 tons Courso-From moorings in Woolloomooloo Bay, round boat off Monly Beach back round flagship, «uni lightship and Sow and Pigs and back to flagship van pra-e, £25 , socond priro £8 Entrance, £2 Gitana-F J Jackson-Blue, with whito oap i Crusader-A Hamilton-Dark bluo * Australian-D Sheehy-Rod Julia-R C Want-Bluo, with red cap LaVivandicre-A Oliver-Tricolour . At tho fall of the flag the lot wore got underway wtth commendable smartness, tko Australian ^«>DS » 'S lead, with Crusader (late Why Not) second nn^'i?" ¿ira These three kept well together throughout tho raw, and at no point wero they separated by a very long distsnoe After rounW the first P°>#-^°at offMarJy-tkey came back round the flagship, Crusader having a load of£fow lengths of Australian, who, in turn, waa» fewflengths ahead of Gitana Tho others were nowh« The three leading yachts made board for boa rd in¿urning down tho harbour, lind an alteration of positions took riM, Gitana taking up the lead, with Crusader second, and Au» traban third* Gitana now held her ownto the *«££* passed lho flogship considerably m advance of Crus&aer; Australian was a pretty good third Sixth Race-All centreboard boat« Course-Sam» "teSnd-Xs yacht*. First prize, £20, socond prize, fe. Entrance, £1 10s . ... I Challenge -T M'Gregor-Bed, with black baU i Spray-W J. Cocks-White, blue border, and Malte« ^ cross . _,!.,. " " Tras Blue- G. Alderton-Dark blue Truo Bluo went away with tho load, waited on by Chal- lenge and Spray. Not many hundred yards wore sailed over, however, before Chollengo dcprivod Truo Bluo of the load. Tho latter, however, carno to grief down tho harbour, leaving the race to Challenge, who won it oasily, Spray boing an indifferent second. Seventh Race. - All comers, pulling a pair of sculls in outriggers. Course - Same as third race. Prize, £20. Entrance, £1 1s. Guiding Star - R. Green - White, blue sash ..... 1 A. S. B. C - H. White - White ..... 2 Champion - J. Howard - Red Green, the champion sculler, was, of course, the favourite for this race. The three started evenly, but with the first few strokes Green dashed to the front, and maintained his lead by a about a boat's length all round and back to the ship, although from the easy manner in which he was pulling when he passed the flagship the second time, it was thought that he could have increased his lead if he had so chosen. After finally rounding the boat off Cowper Wharf, White put on a fine spurt, and essayed to reach his world famed antagonist, but the latter proved himself equal to the occasion, and held his lead to the finish. Howard had not the ghost of a chance from the first, and he gave up before half the courso had been pulled over. The eighth race in the programme did not come off, there not being sufficient entrances. Ninth Race.-All comers , who have never won an advertised race, pulling a pair of sculls in light skiffs. Course-Same as third race. Prize, £10. Entranco, 10s. Champion -E. O'Connor-Blue .. .. .. I Star- D. Garvan-Whiteand green .. .. 2 Swan- J. Turner-While, blue sash .. .. 3 Athlete -J. Austin-Pink Cornstalk-A. McBride-White. The start for this race was a very pretty one indeed. O'Connor drew to the front in tho first few strokes, with Garvan second, and M'Brido third; Austin was fourth, and Turner fifth, The pace at first was too good to be maintained, and while O'Connor kept tho lead, and Garvan second, M'Bride succumbed to Turner who pulled homo third. The remainder finding that their chance was gone, gave up the contest. Tont h Race.-All skiffs under canvas, with or without fins and centre boardß. Courso-From moorings in Wool- loomooloo Bny, lound Shnrk Island, round flagship, round Clark Island, and back to flugship. Prizo, £10. Entrance, £1. Marian-J. Phelps-Red .. ,. .. ,, 1 Doit-J. Richards-Dark bluo .. .. ..2 Susie-n. Woolnough-Red, white, and blue. Tho threo got away upon equal terms, and it was ex- pected lhat tbo îaco would boa vory oloso ono. Susie and Marian weathered tho point without tacking ; but Dart had to moko a board ovor towards Potts' Point, boforo sho could weather tbo rocks. Tho threo kopt well togothor down lo Shark Island, near which point tho Susie got into trouble. Marion now como on with the lead, was novor caught, and won tho raco with ease, The owner of the Dart entered a protest against tho Marian, on tho ground that Bho was moio than tho prescribed longtk. Eloventh Rnee.-All open boats, not exceeding 22 feet overall, firs and centre- boards oxcludod. Course From moorings in Woolloomooloo Bay, round lightship Bnd Bow and Pigs, back round flagship, round Ciark Island, and back to flagship. First prizo, £20; second prizo, £ö. Entrance, £1 10s. Tormonl-J 11. Graham-Red, white, and bluo .. 1 Clio-W. and T. Langford-Red .. .. .. 2 Tarragon-R. Driver-Light bluo, with star .. -7, 3 Jessie-P. W. Creagh- Whito, with bluo and red cross Laura-W. and J. Watts-Bluo and white. This was by fur tho c'osost race, so far as tbo two loading boats wore concerned, that occurred throughout tho day. Tornont got into a good position in tho oarly part of the raco, and Tarragon for somo distanco was socond ; but there not being sufficient wind for hor, sho gave placo to Clio, who hold tho second placo to tho finish. In rounding tho flag . ehip the first time, Torment and Clio wore vory oloso to each other, and it was a matter of much speculation as ito which would provo tho viotor. Tarragon waa third, but bo far in tho roar as to rendor kcrehaneo hopoleso. Torment and Clio were sailed tory "WoU indeed, and in such close company did they koop that up to tho last minuto tho result was in doubt. Tormont took in her Equuresail a littlo too soon, and bonce, at tho last moment, when tho gun fired, she was but a length or se in advanco of her formidablo rival. Tarragon entered a , ^protest against both Tormont and Clio, on the ground that they woro over 22 feet. Twelfth Race. - All bona fide amateurs, pulling a pair of oars in light skiffs, with coxswain. Course-Samo as third race. Prize, pair of silver cups value £10. Star- J. Garvan and R. Sheridan- White and green ., 1 Athlete - W. Jobson and G, Merriman- Whito .. 2 The struggle for the victory in this race took plaoe in the first few strokes. Garvan and Sheridan, having once got the lead, maintained it to tho end and won easily, Thero wero not sufficient entrances in the thirteenth raco on tho card, and consequently no contest. Fourteenth Race.-All bona fide amateurs, who have never won an advertised race, pulling a pair of oars in light skiffs, with coxswain. Course-Samo as third race. Prize, pair of silver cups valuo £10. Entrance, £1. Star- D. Garvan and J. Manning- White and green ., 1 Hebe -T. Bushby and T. Manning- Scarlet .. 2 Cornstalk- A. and W. Manton- Magenta and whito cap 3 Favorita-E. Park and R. Palmer Blue and white "Swan- R. Lovo and T. Somers- White. This was a very good raco, the whole of the boats keep- ing well together for a considerable distance. Soon after passing the flagship Garvan and Manning put on the steam and took their boat to the front, Bushby and Manning, in the Hebe , took second place, and Cornstalk third. The race was pulled game to the end, but there was no altera- tion in the position of the leading boats, and the race ter minated as stated above. Fifteenth Race. - All licensed watermen, regularly plying forhire, pulling a pair of sculls in boats which havo been licensed and used for three months previous to the race. Prize, £10. Entrance, 10s. Champion - J. Dunnett - Dark blue ..... 1 Comet - H. White - White .................. 2 Minnie - P. Connolly - White and red. Dunnett was the favourite for this race, but there were a good many persons who fancied White. The latter, how- ever, had not the endurance to pull a race with a fresh rival, after pulling a hard race with the champion sculler in the morning, and hence Dunnett had an easy victory. He went away with the lead, was never collared, and won with ease. Connolly did not go the course. Sixteenth Race. - All bona fide yachts' dingies, not exceeding 12 feet overall, to be pulled by a member of the yacht's ciew. Courso-From flagship round boat off Cowpor Wharf, round flagship, bock round boat off Cowpor Wharf, and back to flagship. First prizo, £4; socond prize, £2. Entrance, 7s. Gd. Spray-R. Roy-Blue .. . ? .. .. 1 Crusader-J. Nicholls-Whito Julia-Hope-Pink Gitana- H. Please-Blue and white. Ray jumped off with tho load, and easily maiutainod it to tho end. Nicholls and Please had a hard pull for second placo, resulting in favour of the formor. A protest was entered against Ray, but wo did not hear on what ground. Seventeenth Race.-Gig and Dingy-Dingy to bo oaught within fifteen minutes. Prize, £3 3s. Entrance, gig, 7s, 6d ; dingy, Is. Astroa-C. Stevenson-White .. .. .. 1 BoV-T.Muspratt-Blue .. .. .. ..2 This event did not afford tho customary amount of emusement, ns tho dingy was caught almost immediately after tho gun for tho start fired. This brought the sport to a termination, and tho pooplo in the flagship and those on shore bogan, apparently with somo reluctance, to make a move homewards. By sun- down the Bay and adjacent rocky dopes woro once moro left to their accustomed quiet, DOWN TIIE HARBOUR.-As usual upon, all holiday oceosionB, the broad expanse of water which forms the large and commodious Harbour of Port Jackson was very extensively resorted to by the holiday seekers. There is something BO exhilarating in tho large draughts of pure and untainted air that one can breathe as it conies fresh from off the face of old ocean, that most of those tied down to sedentary pur- suits rush almost by instinct to those places where they can get their lungs purified and reinvigorated, mid in some measure prepared for the extra demands that the present relaxation will be sure to put upon them. _ Wera it not for these holidays and for these open air excursions and picnics, but more than all were it not for the vital air that one can breathe, an he will, fresh from Nature's own laboratory, the pent up houses and the ill-ventilated dwellings of the city would tell a dismal tale. Besides the ordinary ' rowing boats, sailing boats, pleasure boats of every sort and kind, that spotted the harbour, and clustered about the places of greatest resort, there were numerous steamers plying to various places. First amongst these marine spots where pleasure seekers most do congregate, we must reckon Manly Beach, not only as being the longest esta- blished, but as being the best and the most completely managed pleasure ground of any iu tho harbour. Some time back there used to be a great deal of troubb and annoyance in regard to the steamers, each cne engaged by some individual ran on its own hook, oompetng, perhaps, with some other, and offering more annoyance than convenience to passengers. This has been changed, and now one person becomes the entre- preneur of all the boats running to Manly, and tho consequence is that they start regularly, and that so Boen aa one leaves another is on the berth, and pas- sengers are not kept waiting inconveniently long. Mr. Ki rff, who for some time past has undertaken and made himself master of this part of the programme, bos given BO much satisfaction by his arrangements that Manly is more resorted to than ever ; and what is moro, there is never such a thing known as a left bihind passenger. Yesterdaj', Manly was literally thronged with visitors, the beautiful breeze from the south inviting one into the water in a way that could not be denied. Amusements of every kind were pro ?vided-for betides the strolls through tho bush and tie rambles by "the sad sea waves "-which, however, yesterday fairly danced and sparkled in gladness there were, in the Steyne Grounds, swings, quoits, ' ¿kittles, and other games, and at the Pier, the I mnze. the minBtrels, and other allurements. Signor vite li made his terrific ascent on the wire_a la I Blondin-but the ascent was not very terrific after all, even though it did attract a largo number of the holiday makers. Then again Watson's Bay had its steamers and its visitors-mostly of the large fnrnily of-small-children kind, presided over by careful mothers who are ever fussing about their youngsters wont cross the heads or face a swell, even though it be but a watery one. There was no. mean number of persons here ¡ and when to these are added the hundreds that flocked down to Middle Harbour, to the Balmoral and Athol Gardens, now become esta- blished places of resort, and mostly affected by the youths and maidens of our population, it is almost a wonder that any person, should have been left to witness the regatta in Woolloomooloo Bay, and it was a perfect matter of astonishment to find a gay crowd collected at Bradley'» Hoad, a pleasure ground that has now been for some time opened, and where, by the judicious catering of tile lessee, the spot has been made so attractive as to induce visits of large numbers of picnic nnd other pleasure parties. BnosEN ¿AY.-The steamships Urara and Gome rang wero chartered yesterday for a trip to the above locality, and certainly a finer day for a sea ex- cursion could not have been desired, the sea being quite calm, which circumstance was exceed- ingly agreeable to those subject to sea- sickness. Both vessels, considering the many counter attractions, were well freighted with excursionists, and left their respective wharves shortly after 10 o'clock, and proceeded direct to Pitt- water, the largest indentation in the bay ¡ from thence they proceeded round Scotland Island up the Hawkes- bury, round Mullet Island, and across the Cawarra, giving the visitors an opportunity of witnessing the wild, yet picturesque scenery which abounds here, and is so little known in Sydney. At 10 o'clock a luncheon was served in the cabins, and to which ample justice was done by those whose appetites had been sharpened by the sea air. The Comerang landed her passengers in Sydney about 8 o'clock, but the Urara, in consequence of having stuck on a sandbank, had not arrived up till a late hour last night; she would get off, however, about 2 o'clock this morning when it would be high water, and may, therefore, be expected to arrive here obout 5 o'clock. SONS OP TEMPERANCE.-A pleasant excursion by rail was made by No, 3 division of the Sons of Tem- perance (Good Samaritan), who proceeded in large numbers by special train, nt 0 in the morning, to Pen- rith. Here they picniced in the open air, and amused themselves at cricket, football, and other games, and, with all due foresight, means were afforded for obtaining, either hot or cold, any of those refreshing beverages which tired nature demanded and the principles of the society sanctioned. There was, in addition, a bountiful supply of varied comestibles, for which the healthy recreations in a pleasant spot, and with delightful weather, induced a vigorous zest. The effective band that was engaged played a number of cheerful selections of music, and tho members of the division sang some of their liveliest temperance melodies. Much credit is due to the committee for the excellence of the arrangements and the judgment with which they were carried out, everything happily tending to an agreeable and well enjoyed reunion. The party returned at 5 in the evening. EXCUBSION TO RICHMOND.-Yesterday, the St. Benedict's Young Men's Society made their annual excursion to Richmond, and kept up their holiday on the beautiful grounds of Mr. Sloper Cox. Between fifteen hundred and two thousand persons availed themselves of the opportunity of passing a very Îileasant day, and of visiting the pretty shady vil nge where the present railway terminates in the direction of the Hawkesbury. . The first party arrived at the Richmond station at ' about 11 a.m., having been about two hours and a half on the journey. The whole con- course of holiday folk were on Mr. Cox's grounds at about 1 o'clock, and appeared thoroughly to enjoy themselves. Amongst those present were the Rev. Messrs. M'Cnrthy, O'B-eilley, Tomassi, and Messrs. Ellery, Donnelley and Curran. Thanks to the energy and care taken by the Rev. the Roman Catholic in- cumbent of St. Benedict's (Mr. M'Carthy) Mr. V. J. Ellery, the honorary secretary, and the gentlemen who co-operated with them in the arrangements, every thing went off in a very satisfactory manner. Good order, good temper, ona merriment everywhere pre- vailed until it was time to think of starting for Syd- ney, where all, it is believed, arrived in|safety shortly before dark. 