ANSWERS TO VISUY ;T?KCtJLTAR COR ?RICSl'ONDKNTS. HOT CROSS. BUNS.-WO have no recollection.of Good Friday ever having Tullun on a Saturday; hut this is purely sn ecclesiastical question, upon which wo have not tho temerity lo given positive opinion. 2. Wo do not think it could be made so to do, even by Lugislntivo enactment. SOPT BEAD.-Your hat is lileo a vegetable, because its s turnip top, and thais not so very green-i* it. ? Coutts.-Von misquote. Tn tho oldest editions, tho didosuo between Hamlet and Ubrntio is ns follows : Hamlet: lforalio, aro you wounded ? Horatio: Ynes, my Iud. Hamlet : IntornuaUy ? Horatio : Mortually tn, my Iud. Tho othor title of the pluy. is " Baddy's Ghost and Nimkey's Bison." SWKI.L.-To become really gonteel you must ho so ftfincJ in your manner that tho migistratos cannot, have the power of refining you ; nor can they, if you do not gi-t fined tho fini time. Much augur is consumed tu this refining process. X. Y. Z.-We know you wore in town, because wo Micyirat Madame So/tinr's War Works. Wo thought you wera 7mrd up, u3 you seemed to bo on the look out far Gardners place. Garn.-.You oan soo the ol£ files nt tho Herald olïïeo, Pitt-street, and they will inform you ns to thejfiwV facts ortho cuso. SQCATTSK.-No ; your thoughts havo boen «ooo? gathering, else you would never havo asked such a ikrtpish question. ScuAn.vaa OP SOIIAPS, ODDS AND ICNDS. Hie patron saint of tho Confectioners.-SI. Tlmmy-facc. Tho piano on board H.T.M.S. Fulton uover wants tuning, becauso its always a full lone one. l'ersous i» difficulties should not (uko up their resi- dence in Iffley- street, as thoy may be npt to lose their tempers. I'urfwrJong-stYiiet, would suit tho state of their finances bettor-it is tho first turning next to (Jwr-street, near tho Court house. KoT so BUSTV.-Tho last southerly buster. BALMAIN.-Wo aro glad to seo that a Concert was giren by tho Hod Feller's Society in aid of tho snucrers by tho recent boiler explosion. May they go in to tho ' Victoria liko a thousand of bricks. 