THE NEW TOWN RACES. FIRST DAY. The New Town Races commenced yesterday forenoon, and as far as weather was concerned, the day was most auspicious, both for sportsmen and visitors. The rain which had fallen during the night put the course in first class order for the horses, and all were in high spirits as the time for starting arrived. The attendance was, we are sorry to say, extremely meagre, indeed we do not remember to have seen a worse muster at any metropolitan meeting. The total number on the ground might have been about 1000 among whom there was but a small proportion of the fair sex. His Excellency the Governor arrived shortly before 12 o'clock, and was loudly cheered. He at once took the place prepared for him in the Grand Stand. His Excellency was attended by Captain Steward. Notwithstanding the smallness of the attendance the whole of the booths seemed to do a good trade, and at the committee booth a large amount of business was done. The spread here was really first class, and we fear that Mr. Brown will scarcely be sufficiently rewarded for his liberal energy in catering for the wants of the public. The bell rang for luncheon immediately after the Town Plate was run, and His Excellency took his seat at the end of the table, the lion. J.M. Wilson occupying the head. The course was kept throughout the day in the most orderly manner by the clerk of the course, Mr. Eddington, assisted by the constables in attendance, but their work as is usually the case, on such occasions, was extremely light. The whole of the arrangements were well matured, and much credit is due to the Steward for the manner in which so far, they have carried out their work. The start was effected in the first race at about 1 o'clock, shortly before Which the horses came to the post for THE MAIDEN PLATE, of 30 sovs., with a sweepstakes of 2 sovs. each added. Distance, 2 miles. Town Plate weights. . Entrance, 2 sons. Mr. W. Honey's g g Bushman, aged, green jacket and black cap. 1 Mr. J. Moore's br h Garibaldi, 3 yrs, (Archer dam Besborough), red jacket and black cap. 3 Mr. W. Kearney's br t Lady Audley, 3 yrs, green jacket and black cap. 3 Mr. Samuel Blackwell officiated as starter, and after one or two banks" the three got away very well together Garibaldi having a slight lead, Bushman second, and Lady Audley third. At the turn near the rood the Bushman came up and challenged Garibaldi, and wrested the first place from him Lady Audley at this point, as she did at one or two other places, swerved slightly, thereby losing considerable distance. The filly is very fleet of foot, but was evidently not well ridden, at no period being sufficiently in hand for guidance. This circumstance completely destroyed her chance. The order above described was kept throughout. Bushman landed a winner by two or three lengths. The race was an extremely slow one, as will be seen by the time, 4m. 10sec. The second race of the day was THE TOWN PLATE, of 80 sovs. Three miles. Entrance, C sovs. Town Plate weights. Mr. R. Lyall's m g Ben Bolt, aged, red jacket and black cap. 1 Mr. John Blacklow's b g Faugh-a-Ballagh, 6 yrs (His Excellency), blue jacket and black cap. 2 Mr. J. Moore's b g Archer, 5 yrs (by Phantom, out of Fairy Queen), blue and pink jacket, black and gold cap. 3 This race occasioned considerable excitement amongst sporting circles, and 10 to 8 was freely offered upon Ben Bolt to win. For% to 4 Archer had a number of friends, and all the Black Brush Brightonians were very sweet upon Faugh-a-Ballagh who was backed at evens for first place against either of the others. Old " Ben" was really in first class fettle, and the best judges pronounced him to be in better condition than he had ever been seen before on any Tasmanian course. Archer also looked well, but a shade too fine to our thinking. Faugh-a-Ballagh was not in first-class fettle, yet from his performances at country meets, much was expected from him, nor were his friends much disappointed. A capital start was effected for this race ; old " Ben" having the slightest imagin- able lead, closely pressed by Archer, Vaughan I Ballagh evidently waiting till some of the steam was out of his antagonists. Archer was quickly alongside the old horse, and they raced neck and neck along the flat, and continued in this order until they reached the corner for the straight running home for the first round. Here the qualities of Faugh-a-Ballagh developed themselves, and he quickly came up, and at the distance-post the three were well together. The rider of Archer when near the judges' stand endeavored to take the inside running, but failing to do so had to give second place to Faugh-a-Ballagh, and lost considerable distance thereby. Faugh-a-Ballagh now challenged old Ben and going round the flat on the course opposite the stand, took the lead from him. A general cry followed that he would win. A brilliant trial for foot and place now occurred between these two, Archer's chance having evaporated. On nearing the distance-post Ben Bolt again took up the leading place, notwithstanding the efforts of the rider of Faugh-a-Ballagh, and Ben Bolt was eventually landed an easy winner by about a length and a. half, Archer making a bad third. Time 6 min. 2 sec. THE SELLING) STAKES Of 25 SOVS. Once round the course. Heats. Weight for age. Horses entered, as not to be sold, to carry 5lbs. penalty to be sold for £100, weight for age for £80, allowed 7lbs. for £60, allowed 4lbs. for £40, allowed 2lbs. for £20, allowed 2806. The winner to be sold by auction at the judge's chair immediately after the race, and any balance above the upset price to go to the funds Weights, 2 yrs. old, 9st ; 3 yrs., 8st. 4 yrs. 9st. 6 5 yrs. 9st. 10lb. 6 yrs. and aged, 12st. Entrance, 2 sovs, Mr. Daniel Smith's o m Lady Blanche, aged, white jacket and blue cap. 1 1 Mr. W. Kearney's b m Midnight, aged, red jacket and black cap 2 2 Mr. W. Watkins' blk g Sir Watkin, aged, scarlet jacket and black cap.. 3 3 Sir Watkin lead for a short distance, but quickly gave place to Midnight, but coming round the course Lady Blanche took the lead and maintained it with case winning the heat. Time 2. a"Gscc. For the second heat Midnight led followed by Sir Watkin, Her Ladyship last. The chesnut at once went to the front and won the heat easily, Time 2. 53sec. THE TAVERN PLATE, of 30 sovs., with a sweep of 5 sovs. each added. Queen's Plate Weights. Entrance. 3 sovs. Distance, 2 miles Mr. C. Iles' br in Deception, 3 yr s, green jacket and blue cap. 1 Mr. J. Blackwell's br m Canezou (Panic), 3 yrs, pink jacket and black captains. 2 Mr. W, Walton's b g Minstrel 4 yrs, blue and red jacket and black cap....,..,.,.,.,....". 3 Prior to starting Minstrel was decidedly a favorite, but the knowing ones from Sorell backed Deception freely ; Mr. Blackwells little more also found some admirers. Canezou went away with the lead followed by Minstrel, Deception last. On rounding the point for the flat running on the other side of the course Deception was called on by her rider and rushed to the front, Canezou following suit for second leaving the third place to the forlorn Minstrel who never had the ghost of a chance throughout. The race was won by Deception by about three lengths. This closed the racing for the day. There are four events on to-day's card, the second event being the Queen's Plate. BRICKFIELDS PAUPER EsTAiin8iiMENT.-Yester day the Lord Bishop of Tasmania, and the Rev. Mr. Bromby visited the Brickfield's Pauper Establishment, when the Holy Communion was administered to upwards of forty of the minutes, the average of whose ages was, we understand, about seventy years. Mr. Smales, the Church of England City Missionary, was in attendance. WORKING MEN'S CLUB-The opening lecture of the first session in connection with the Work- ing Men's Club is to come off this evening at the Berea school-room, Liverpool-street. The lecturer is his Lordship the Bishop, and the subject " Self Help." We feel sure we need say no more to insure a large attendance. LETTERS posted yesterdayinsufficientlystamped. -W. Dean, Esq. ; Pitt and O'Connell Street, Sydney ; Mr. James Robertson, Jerusalem Park, Jerusalem. a 