DOCTOR HOLFOllD'S PATIENT. (from once a week.] Wo had been great chums at college. John Baring and I, and having both eaten onr terms at the Tem ple, wo continued fast friends, inhabited tho samo ohambers, and wuited togethor, with as much pa tionce as might bo, for briefs. Briefs, however, ?were so long in coming that we had a great deal of spare timo on our hands, and wo usod to run down often into tho country for a breath of fresu air, ana to look up old friends and acquaintances. On ono of theso occasions I took John down into my own country, Suffolk, oa a visit to my father. Ho was glad enough to come, for if the truth mast be told, a protty sister of mine had mado a deep impression on his snsceptible heart during iho season in Lon don. Wo Uud a merry timo of it. Tho birds were plentiful, and soveral balls and parties wore given in tho neighborhood, at wliichJohn and Emily en ioved themselves, I have reason to believp, to their I. _ -.1.., A ? ,'-? .Tnkn R-in. ueuris vuu tout*. -fi vuij rig, and I shall not object to him as a brother in- law somo day, if but I must say no more on this subject, lest this paper should meet the governor's eye. Among the neighbors whom we visited together was Dr. Holford, another old crony of mine in college days, now an M.D. prac tising in a country town a few miles from my home. ' What a pretty woman Mrs Holford is !' said John to me, as we lighted our cigars outside tho dootor's door one night, previous to starting on our walk home after a dinner party. ' And yet there'B somothiug uncanny in her look too,' he continued. » I can't make it out. Is she wicked, I wonder ; or has sho a bee in hor bonnet ?' ' She's as good as she's pretty,' I rejoined warmly ; for Mrs Holford was a great friend of mine, aud I did not liko John's criticisms. 'My dear'leltow, JL daresay sue may uo, oui you won't mako uo believe you don't see what I mean. She has lovely eyes' — John was a bit of an artist — ' but there is a queer look that oomes into them now and then — looks as if Bhe had seen a ghost once, and never got over it.' , ' Perhaps sho did,' I said, a littlo stiffly. John stopped, and stared at me. ' I declare you know all about it, old boy ! Here's a lark ! A genuino ghost story in real life, truth vouched for by tbo ghost himself, eh ?' ' Well, not quite that,' I answered, laughing ; II but thero is a story about Mrs Holford that may account for tho look you noticed. You certoinly mistook your vocatiou. You should offer your ser vices to the spirit-rappers, if yon havo such a knack of reading poople's faceB.' ' I always knew my talents were thrown away,' rem irked John in an aside. ' However,' I continued, ' there's no secret in this case, that I know of, so you shall hear the story if you care about it.' ' All right,' said John, puffing out a oloud of smoke, ' Fire away, Dick ; I'm prepared to be lieve in any number of ghosts after that woman's eyes.' ' H'b too long to tell now,' I said, ' bnt if yon like — I iotted it down in the shape of a story at the time, — when we get homo I'll givo it yau to road.' Accordingly, before going to bed, I added a fow lines to my old -MS. for John's benefit, and handed it to him, and, if ho read it at all — of which I havo my suspicions, judging from the total obli vion of it which he showed when sitting by Emily at broakfast next morning — he read as follows : — 'But what on earth am I to do?' asked the doctor, in a tone half humorous, half sad, as he walked up the High-street with bis friend Mr Bailey. ' If I warn her she won't stay with me a week; I've lost two gover nesses already by listening to your advice.' 'Woll,' doubtfully rejoined Mr Bailoy, 'perhaps you are right. Ho may bo safe enough, after all ; but a Billy girl sho must be 1' ' On tho contrary,' interrupted tho doctor, warmly, ' she's a treasure I As like hor poor father as can be ; fall of good sense and right feeling. I can't think what pos sesses her not to let that unfortunate man alone, and 1 can t warn ner. JNooouy nas managea my poor brats tho least liko her since ' and the doctor coughed away a sigh. A somewhat whimsical expression passed over his friend's face. Dr. Holford had lost his wife six months before, and hud been in a peck of troubles over sinco about his three children, tho youugest an infant of six months old. The doctor knew no more of the details of house hold economy than his baby, aud it had hecomo evi dent to all his friends that he could not exist long without a wife ; but whom should ho marry ? that was the question. To complicate matters, Dr. Hol ford was obliged to eke out the profits of a not very remunerative practice uy receiving a patient at nis own house, uud rich patients wero not always easy to find. At the time wo write of he had just recoived as an inmate a soi-disanl nervous invalid, Walter Stono by name, whom he watched with singular carefulnesss, for in his secret soul tho doctor know tho man was insane, and although in truth ho believed him to be perfectly harmless, yet he daily expected somo mad freak or folly to appear. None had as yot, and all things had gone smoothly for two or three weeks, when, according to the usual malignity of circumstances, a most incon venient aud aggravating interest in Waltev Stone begun to appear in the conduct of Miss Stuart, tho children's governoss. It is true that Mr Stono wus u handsome young man, with a manner in which none hut a professional oye could detect any taint of madness, but that made it all the moro alarming ; and feeling himself as yet not thoroughly acquainted with the state of his patient's mind, tho doctor was on tenterhooks. As he said, ho dared give no se rious warning. A nervous patient might he all very well, but no governess would stay with a live lunatic loose about tho house. So Dr. Hol ford was fain to let matters take their course, trust ing to tbe chapter of accidents, and to Miss Stuart's (rood sense to set her richt iu timo. After all. he thought, thero could be no great lisk. Walter Stone had come to him with an excellent character for quietness, and might, for all he know, be curable. So he determined to hold liis tongue, and hope that no bad consequences would ensue. What did ensue we shall presently see. A day or two after his conversation with Mr Bailey, the doctor happened to look out from his surgery window on tho littlo plot of ground at tho hack of hia liouBe, which he was pleased to dignify with the namo of u garden. Dr. Holford worked in it a good deal himself, and took great intorest in tho one or two flower bods, and tho border rich with bright colors, in tho arrangement of whioh he flattered himself Sir Joseph Paxton could not bold a candle to him. The air was scented with the breath of lilacs and hyacinths, and tho perfume of two gnarled old hawthorns, covered, one with white, uud the other with pink blossom, that stood on tbe grass-plot by the aide of tho path, aud that were tho pride of tho doctor's bourt. That garden was a kingdom for bees and butterflies, and they hummed and dauced merrily iu the sunshine. Ou this peculiar May afternoon, a fresh littlo human flower moved quickly to and fro among the butterflies, clad in a soft grey stuff gown, with pink ribbons at the throat andwiist. It -was the youug governoss, Lizzie Stuart. Sho was a pretty girl of about twenty, with large grey eyes and .fair shiny hair. A sprig of pink may was stuck in tho waistband that gilded a small round waist, aud they wero very little feet that tapped impatiently upon tho gravel walk. The doctor could not help watching her from tho window as he Bmoked his pipe ; sho mado such a protty foreground to his favorite flowers as sho went und came under the hawthorns. P.wonllr Trn,,,.(r ninn namo. ml vaalbort am the grass-plat towards her. She met him with an out stretched hand, aud- they strolled along the path together. It was perfectly natural that thoy should do so, and the doctor ought to have been glad that his patient should be subjected to such soothing influences, but somehow ho sighed a little us he saw how earnestly they were talking, her face bent up to him,' and his beut down to her. Certainly Lizzie did not seem , afraid of Walter Stone. The doctor put his pipe iu the corner with another sigh, and went npstairs to dress for dinner. The pair in tho garden did not remain long together. Walter Stone sauntered back into the jiouse, and Lizzie went on walking up and down tho short gravel walk. For fear of mistake, we had better let the reader into a secret at once. Almost from the first moment, three mcnths ago, when Dr. Holford had done her the i amenso honor of confiding to hor caro liiB mother less children, Lizzie Stuart's tender little heart had been in the doctor's keeping. Indeed, she bad loved him all her life, as her father's friend and lit-r own ; hut of lato what was it thut made Lizzie blush, all to herself, in the solitude of her own room, when she thought of the gratitude and affection sho owed to the doctor? Ah! what a wealth of pity land devotion she poured out upon him in secret, and what romantic castles were built up in that graceful little head of hers, as she sat of au evening looking out npon the hawthorns, oi the wonderful ways in which she waa to be a help and a comfort to him, without his knowing who had dono tho work ! But though her lovo was an ' open secret,' there was no one to find it out, except, indeed, tlio doctor himself, tho last man on whom tho idea was likely to dawn, and it is doubtful if even Lizzie bud moro than an .inkling of tho truth. If sho had, sho guarded her secret jealously, and only lot it appear iu a most tender and zoalous performance of her duly towards his children, as to which tho doctor said no words, but thankod aud blessed her in his heart. But within tho last fortnight it had occurred to this young woman to sot herself up in judgmout upon tho doctor's conduct, and after mature deliberation, she had come to tbo conclusion that ho had cither mado a great mistake or wns doing vory wrong. Tho idea troubled her sorely. Miss Lizzie was a young lady who rather piqued herself upon the pos nnqsinn nf nn indeDcndcnt iudement. and paid tho I youthful penalty, of course, by sometimos too much | undervaluing the experience of her seniors. Her early training had perhaps encouraged this state of mind ; for her father, dear as sho had beon to him, 1 had not been able to steer altogether clear of that wretched system of ' spoiling till five, trying expo- I ments till fifteen, and contradicting up to twonty.' Besides all this, Miss Lizzie had lately been studying Dr. Winslow's ' Obscure Diseases,' that most popular of scientific works, and had rebelled against tho theories therein propounded with all her heart. ' Very Hard Cash' had fallen in her way immediately afterwards, and she had glowed with sympathy for Alfred's wrongs and Julia's love, and for all tho supposed victims detainod in a thousand lunatic asylums by commissioners in lunacy like those described by Mr Read. Aud now Walter Stono had crossed her path, and lo ! her dreams wore realised. He was pleasant, handsome, and as gentlo as Alfred ; and more than all, he hud appealed to her compassion, and poured iDto her ear a piteous story of the un natural brother, who, for the sake of obtaining the management of his, Walter's, property, had con demned him to lifelong captivity. Lizzie knew as a fact that his brother had consigned him iu u [. j-luhuiu o uuuifcc, ?' — ??-- his apparent liberty, ho was narrowly watched; in itself a suspicious circumstance, considering that nervous ailments only wore tho plou for his incar ceration. She had even heard Dr. Holford chuckle over the story of tho way in which he and Edward Stone had managed to entrap Walter into volun tarily giving his pnrso into their caro, so as to 'render his escape, by train, or other conveyance, impossible. And this wbb a sauo man I Lizzie's brain took firo nt tho thought. To dispose of tho certificate of lunacy was the work of a moment; wore they not all — thoso mad doctors, and Dr. Wiralow in particular — ready to swear to any man's insanity at a moment's notice ? And then Walter had told her that ho had himself given opportunity to his enemies in somo moments of excitoment consequent on tho loss of money. But the doctor? tbere was the rub. Could it be possible that Dr. Holford, the upright and honorable, had deliberately lent himself to thiB vile plot ? EMu Lizzie's excited imagination could not lead her to believe that. No, tbo man was not mad ; tbat was certain ; but tho doctor had been deceived ; his keen eye had been blinded by Walter Stone's perfidious friends, who, though they had cautiously avoided committing them selves by speaking of more than '| nerves,' had so cunningly worded their artful testimony that the doctor had jumped to tho conclusion, without much personal observation, that Walter must bo insane. That could not be a fault— at least— well, hardly, or if it wore, sho, Lizzie Stuart, would undo An«'nn In'm mill nnnhla him fn TTtnlf a Hfnnpment. And theu sho went off into a day-dream, and was just iu the middle of a speech from the doctor, expressive of his deep gfraditudo to her for having, by her woman's keen-sightedneBs and quick judgment, disabused him of the idea undor which ho hud been laboring, &c.;, &o.;, when sho looked up, and behold tho moon had risen, and was already fighting up tho top branches of the haw thorns. She tnrned into tho house, fully resolved to spouk seriously to tho doctor the very noxt morn iug. . The moon was high in the heavens when Lizzio Stuart went that evening, as her custom was, to sit in the nursery while nurse went down to her supper. At these times Lizzie always sat in a par ticular chair by tho window. Nurse's white curtained bed stood in a recess at the hack of the room; a little to ono sido, but facing tho fire — still necessary at night — was tho baby's bassinet, of which little but the hood was to be seen from whore Lizzie sat. The other two children slept in what was, in fact, an adjoining room, though the door of communication had long been re moved, to make tbe two nurseries as for as possible into ono. There was no light in the room but tho moonshine and tho glimmer of the fire ; Lizzio leant hack in her chair and resumed her day-dream. By-and-by a low knock camo at tho door. ' Come in,' said Lizzie, wondering that nurse should havo made snob basto nt her supper. Tho door opened softly, and Walter Stono put liis hoad into tbo room. ' I want to speak to you, I want to speak to yon,' ho whispered excitedly; ' you must let mo corao in ; it is most import ant.' Thero was something queer about his man ner, but Lizzio, strong in her conviction, was in no wise frightened. Besides, he had talked to her that day of escape, and she longed to repeat the arguments she had used against any such schemo, for its success would be fatal to the doctor's credit. While Blie hesitated, he stole silently up to ber, closing the door behind bim. No other man living would Lizzie have allowed to remain there, bnt her sympathy for Walter Stone was deep and strong, all the more strong from her lovo for the man who was doing him such unwitting injury. How grieved the doctor will be to-morrow ! sho thought, and sho let Walter stay. He sat down hy her sido, and remained silent. After a minute or two the stillness . grew oppressive, and sho opened her mouth to speak. , As she did so, sho looked in his faoe, ghastly in tho moonlight. Ah ! how awful was the obange there ! His pleasant careless look had disappeared, and in its stead was a dreadful expression of fixed malignity, of insane cunning and rage; the glare of a maniac's eye caught and fixed hers as she looked. Horror stricken sho drew back, but ho bent forward, and said in a hissing whisper, ' I've somo thiug to show you. I've locked tho door, and we can't bo interrupted, no, no. Look here !' and bo drew from his pocket an ordinary (tinner Knilo, on which the inoonoeams glittered hideously. ' Beautiful, isn't it?' ho mut tered, as he stroked and seemed to fondle it, turn ing it from sido to side. ' True steel — the real thing I Not for you, though, not for you ; for those little devils that cling round, and prevent your coming with me. I'll set you free, I'll ? ' and ho lapsed into inarticulate murmurs, still strok ing the Knifo. Never, in ull her life, did Lizzie Stuart forgot tho sensutions of that moment ; they come back to her often in dreams, even now. She did not lose consciousness, but she conld not move ; ber heart seemed to stand still, and her brain to reel. ' The youngest first,' he whispered at last ; and, leaving her suddenly, ho darted towards the hearth. For one second the knifo gleamed brightly in the moonlight as he brandished it aloft, the next he had plunged it deep into the bassinet. Oh God, there was no cry I A wild shriek rose, to Lizzie's lips. Repressing it with a violent effort, she collected her aenseB aud walked to. his side. I must kill the others myself,' sho said, with an un faltering voice ; 'let me doit; tbey would not be quiet otherwise.' The maniao turned towards her a horrible face of triumph. ' You're one of the right sort : ' he exclaimed enthusiastically. ' The young May moon is beaming, love. Thoglowworm's lamp is gleaming, love. How sweet to rove — No, that's not it — So sho kilted her gown o' green satin, and tuckit it up to her knee — Lizzie Lindsay — that's you — Lord Ronald Clan Donald — that's me. Won't we be happy? Now then?-' 'Yes, lam going,' she said, still speaking calmly ; ' wait here 'till I come back.' He stooped to draw tho knife out of the bassinet. ' No, don't do that,' sho whispered, forcing herself to lay her band upon his arm, and turning away her eyes, lest the sight that might meet them Bhould unnerve her, ' I have a fancy for doing it differently.' Ho stood upright again, aud motioned her to go, and only as she moved to whero tho other children slept, she re membered with sick horror that there was no door between the rooms. Despair gavo her courage, she quickened her pace ; he did not follow her — there was a moment's respite. Softly and rapidly sho threw a coverlet over tho two fair sleepiug heads, then she flew to .the bull. A violent pull — another — and tho bell-rope broke in her hand. Would anyone come? The madman heard tha twang of the wires, and suspected treachery. He sprang towards the room, but Lizzie was too quick for him. She stood in the doorway, with dilated eye and upraised baud. ' Walter Stone, go buck,' she commanded in a solemn voice. ' It is all done. Ifoibidyon to enter here.' For a moment thelunatic cowered be fore her, aired by the light in those gleaming eves, theu ho sprang at her throat like a wild beast. An instant's struggle, an instant's agony like nuto death, and with a mighty crash the door burst open, nnd Dr. Holford, with the exertion of his whole strength, dragged tho madman from tho choking girl. To hold him singly was impossible. ^ He broke from tho doctor's grasp, threw up tho window, and with a loud laugh, leapt into tho garden below, where tho dull thud of his fall was heard just as tho nssistant, whoso carelessness had permitted him to secrete tho knife, appeared npon the scene. ' Go down, go down,' cried the doctor, pointing to tho window. Tho assistant looked out and hurriedly disappeared, and tho doctor gave all his attention to Lizzio. Sho had not fainted ; she could not do so ; not atallevenls with the dreadful news|untold, but sho was gasping for breath. The doctor bent over her. ' Lizzie, dear Lizzie, look up. I see how it was. You were defending my children. You have saved their lives. Try to look up, and tell me yon are not hurt.' But Lizzie shrank from the tender words, and cowered miserably in her chair. She strove to compel her parched tongue to speaK, ana ten mm that by her folly she had caused tlio death of his baby, but a hissing gurgle came instead of words, and ended in an hysteric shriek. The servants and 1 nurse among them, had come crowding in by this timo, and a loud exclamation from the latter startled them all. ' Gracious powers what is this?' and she drew forth the knifo from the bassinet, and hold it up in view of the rest, its polished surface still undimmed. ' Well, the Lord bo praised for his meroy ! it wero his providence, that it were, that put it into my head all of a sudden to-day, that baby were a growing too big for a bassinet, and I put her in the old cot by my bedside, and drawed my curtains round her, and there she is, the precious lamb, awake and a smiling at us all, as good as sugar.' Lizzio heard the words, or rather somo dim idea of their meaning'penetrated to her brain, but tho relief was too sudden to be realised at once. She undei stood that confession was i not needful, but remorse wus as bitter as ever. She stood up and holdout her hands implor ingly. ' Can — you — for — give ?' she whispered piteously, and fell forward in a dead faint upon the doctor's Bhoulder. For many, many months, Dr. TT~1 4-r.^n/I T.iraii itirnimli ,1,0 norvilllS that followed upon her swoon. At one time he almost despaired of her recovery, but youth and a sound constitution conquered, and she rosent last from her sick bed, the shadow of what sho had been. The doctor pronounced change of air and scene to bo ab solutely necossary daring her convalescence, and simultaneously discovered tbat he had been working too hard, and required a holiday and a month or two abroad. Rumor states that he imparted these con clusions to Lizzie Stnart, aud made sundry other confidences to her. during ono v , ry long and earnest conversation which they bad, walking slowly up and down, her feeble steps tenderly supported by his arm, under the old hawthorns, brilliant by this timo with autumn berries. You have seen Mrs Holford; Do you' wonder now at tho strange look in her eyes ? Walter Stono fractured his skull in his fall. He was insensible for many days, but at length consciousness returned, and thoso who watched around his bed thanked- God toseo that all traces of insanity had disappeared. They looked forward hopefully to &e; future, but his career on earth was ended. He sank gradually, and died in a few weeks. Ho lived long enough to be deeply thankful to have beon spared from the guilt of tho awful crime he had so nearly committed, and to send, through Doctor Holford, a message of gratitude and blessing to the woman, who, by her self-command and courage, had saved him from going to the grave with blood- stained hands. The Late Sir Joseph Paxton. — Paxton, when a lad, waB walking in a garden — name of garden not given, hut presumed to be the garden of Woburn abbey — when he was thus accosted hy the Duke of Devonshire: — 'Boy, get me a light for my cigar. How will you bring it ?' At first tho boy was puzzled, hut, suddenly, he thus replied, ' If your Grace will givo me another cigar I will go and light that and bring it to you.' Aud this was done ; and tho Duke, struck with the smartness of tho lad, entered into talk with him when ho bad brought the light ; and, finding him quick and intelligent, noted him down in hia memory ; got him a situa tion at Kew, and, subsequently, placed bim ia his own gardens at Chatsworth. — Illustrated Times. A New Bombshell. — The Cumberland Pacquet says that Mr Thew, of the Whitehaven and Furness Railway, has recently turned his attention to tho construction of those fearful implements of warfare, bombshells. ' Ho has succeeded iu working out an idea whioh has been pronounced by all who havo seen the models, inoluding several gentlemen in this locality whose professions constitute them judges in such matters, as being eminently well i. n t,f nil tr. Ihn Tl.» naur consists of a perfectly globular shell — tho shape to which Government has shown preference — contain- ing a second smaller shell, of the same form ; this, aguin, contains a third shell, which in its turn con tains a fourth. Tho idea may be most popularly explained by supposing oue pill box enclosed iu auother ; this, again by a third ; and, lastly, a fourth. Tho inner shells are about a quartor of an inch thick, and tho outer is about un inch thick. Tho sizes are so arranged that between each shell there is a clear chamber all ronnd of abont au inch. The smaller shell and the several chambers are filled with gunpowder hy a very ingenious con trivance of the inventor's, and tho whole would b-} then closed up by tho ordinary fuse. The enormous quantity of spliiaters which would be scattered about on the explosion of such a shell must be evident, and its destructive powers are something fearful to contemplate.' 