, ( PUNCH IN PARLIAMENT. j Thursday, Dec. 14th. : The " never-ending, still beginning, fighting still and still destroy-; ing" debate on Parkes' amendment was resumed by j Mr. Lord, who said if he were to vote one way he should vote for' the amendment, and if he voted the other, he should vote against it. He did not mean to vote one way, he meant to vote for the other. He thought Government should be rescued from their difficulties, and released from their sufferings, slowly but surely, and therefore he was for going into Committee and giving them homoeopathic doses of opposition till they calmly and seraphically gave up the ghost. He added that shepherds had the very bad taste to prefer good sugar to bad — that was the effect of the so-called blessings of what do you call it — civilization, on the interests of the poor squatter. Mr. Terry, as the most enlightened representative of the most en lightened constituency in that most enlightened house — need he say he alluded toMudgee?— was compelled to act as Mudgee's mouth-piece, and as Mudgee was particularly fond of his tea and peculiarly sweet on his sugar, why Mudgee felt bound to oppose any thing that would interfere with that fondness, or embitter that sweetness — he thought a nincom tax on all donkies that liked to pay it would be a very good idea. All his sympathies were with the present government, but he conceived that all who wished to see tea and sugar imposed upon, must prefer dirt for their matutinal and evening meal. In the words of j the Poet ! I once did love you, Charlie dear — j Your words I could believe, _ j Yet who could think those slippery lips j Were made but to deceive ? j Except to whisper Mudgee's name J I scarce e'er spoke before, _ ! I love you still, but still " of mine j Be officer no more.". Mr. Lucas then made his financial statement, and proved himself a perfect giant at statistics ; a sort of financial Paul Pry ; for he told j honorable members how much tea \\\a consumed throughout the j country at every meal — how many used sugar with it, and how many didn't — how many Rum, Gin, Whisky, and Brandy Balls were swallowed every week — what members of the community owed their baker's bills. He knew to a farthing's worth how much cordage, bags and sacks, sets of tea things, fish, mosquitoes, and gum trees were in the country, and proved to his own satisfaction that if there ever was a ready-made Colonial Treasurer, A1 at Lloyds, teak-built and copper- fastened, it was his honourable self, and therefore could he con scientiously support the present tariff — no, perish the thought ! Mr. Martin then made a few remarks, which Mr. Punch has some idea of publishing in a three volume sensation pamphlet, when the excitement caused by the one now in vogue has somewhat subsided. In the meantime, as a general rule, the tariff was one thing and his opinion was another. He particularly complimented the Herald for its support of Mr. Vickery's grievances when his drain overflowed, and said that a certain contributor to that striving young journal writes on boots, shoes, and political economy with equal beauty and pungency. He denounced the Budget as a combination of German, French, Spanish, Italian, Double-dutch, English, and Yankee notions, and as " Ici on parte Australian perfect unintelligible to him. Mr. Laycook crowed a little in support of going into committee. He added that he thought the best way to arrive at a result as to what ought to be done, was for somebody to find out how many thought one way, and how many thought the other, and then to compare the two with each other, and whichever side was the most numerous should win the day. Such a novel, brilliant, and beautiful idea perfectly electrified the House, who threw its arms round Laycock's neck, and shed tears of joy and emotion. Mr. Hay spoke on the subject in that practical, plain and sensible style which stamps him as the Chevalier Bayard of the House, sans peur et sans reproche . He advocated going into Committee as an act of common justice to the Government, and hoped the scheme would be argued on its merits, irrespective of party spirit. Mr. Macpherson was perfectly astonished at Mr. Hay. — Why, he (Mr. M.) represented Central Cumberland as well as Mr. Hay, and he did not agree with him, so Mr. Hay must be wrong, and ought to resign his seat. Mr. Dodds was surprised at nothing, was sick of the debate, and should vote for the tariff. Mr. Parses rose amidst cheers, and wanted to make a few observa tions, Samuel would not have it, Speaker decided that it was against the rule affecting right of reply, Parkes bowed his acknowledgments, and then the great " to be or not to be " question was decided in favour of the Government by 40 to 29 ; thus this weary, dreary, stale, flat and unprofitable discussion dragged its slow length along to a con clusion ; after six nights had been wasted in the delivery of fifty-one speeches, in most instances "full of sound and fury, signifying nothing." The House then turned three flip-flaps and came down on its feet in Committee of the whole, and the tug of war commenced after Samuel had tried very hai'd, and almost with tears in his eyes, to persuade the young gentlemen to put it off till Tuesday, and Mr. Cowper tried to bully them into doing so. However the said young gentlemen did not seem to see it, and on Samuel proposing to " lump" the Customs items of his tariff, signified their disapprobation in the usual manner, and insisted on discussing them seriatim. A grand squabbling match ensued. Samuel flew into a tenable rage to prove he was not in a passion, and was ultimately allowed, by a majority of 35 to 33, to book in his model ledger, an equalised duty of 30s. a gallon on imported spirits. He also had it all his own way with opium, his hops met with no hopposition, and the committee saw no grounds for objecting to his rice, or his malt. Samuel, flushed by success, was beginning to look rather jolly on it, when suddenly he received a "pull back" on the sugar duty, which, after some amount of refined small talk, was sweetly and candidly snubbed by 39 noes to 28 ayes. Samuel's countenance dropped, and he immediately and naturally began wining, and discussed with the committee no end of Hock, Champagne, Burgundy, Claret and Moselle. After a few phiz-ical raps with between Samuel and Dignam, the bottle-holders finally determined that these anything but nauseous imported beverages should be taxed at the rate of 3s. per gallon. Samuel plucked up again, and his next subject was beer, which was tapped with wonderful alacrity, the hon. members singing Watts's divine song — " We likes a drop of good beer." The friends of the "poor man" finally agreed that 6d. per gallon in the bottle and 3d. in the wood should be the duty they in future should owe to the Government. After this Mr. Samuel's schemes advanced backwards in a most success ful manner, his tea tax was teetotally ignored, he was told to put his tobacco in his pipe and smoke it, and his Trade Lie nse was cancelled, after a jolly row. Mr, Buchanan then exultingly danced a war whoop -at the defeat of the Treasurer, and; the House adjourned at 20 minutos past 3 a, m., in a high state of hysteria. '"H . Friday, December loth. After a storm comes a calm, and such was the case this afternoon, in the Senate House, hon. members evidently suffering from langour and depression induced by late hours and legislatorial gymnastics. Mr. Cowper was asked a few conundrums by Messrs. Tighe, Lord, Egan, Forstcr and Cummings, which he answered with tolerable readiness, and then Mr. Parkes asked him to explain the enigma " what are you going to do after last night, old fellow ?" Cowper said ho was not awaro that the House was cognizant of what had occurred. The House in propria persona waif jPbrf'eetly ignorant of what had been discussed before the House in committee, and every member was hound to write a letter to liimself to explain to himself what he had been talking about. Mr. Martin could not see the force of this argument — he thought the House ought to adjourn till the Government were able to say what they were going to do. Mr. Cowper said he could not say just then. Mr. Samuel had taken too much tea and sugar last night and felt very poorly. On Tuesday however he would be most happy. Messrs. Forster, Lucas, and Josepii patriotically wanted to go on with the public business, and let the ministry alone for a day or so. Buchanan said, turn 'em out at once — put 'em in the pillory- vengeance on Dr. Lang, and out upon that fifth-rate journal — the Sydney Morning Herald ! ! ! ! Dr. Lang said "There's nae sic hurry aboot it — gie 'em time.'' and go on with the private business — there was that little matter about the Scots' Church, which they would find very amusing. There had been I too much time wasted already. Who was St. Andrew he should like j to know, that the House should adjourn on what he called his day F j There was no such a gentleman in Scotland. Mr. Macpherson said yes, and why should people sit behind the Speaker's chair he should like to know F The motion of adjournment having lapsed, some very dull private business was transacted, and the House finally adjourned at a quarter to seven, mutually disgusted with themselves and their night's amusement. Tuesday, Dec. 19th. After a large number of notices (to quit) had been given, Mr. Cowper proceeded to explain — if such a little trifling matter required explanation — that Mr. Samuel had resigned that morning. That was rather awkward, and, under the circumstances, he thought j he should he wrong not to stop in office in order that he might com- | plete his now nearly accomplished job of converting New South Wales i into a perfect Utopia. He proceeded to show that whatever he might j have said and pledged himself to was not of the slightest consequence, ! because he was open to conviction. All he knew was that money j must be had, and he was not at all particular how he got it. Ho was | not even sure that ad valorem duties were not the ne plus ultra of j imposition. As he knew the House had the utmost confidence in him, | he should stop in office with his beloved Thomas and they could do all I the work between them, if necessary ; but at the same time hoped he would bo allowed a day to find a Treasurer — there were plenty knock ing about on Brickfield Hill, who would answer his purpose. Mr. Martin said certainly, give him another day. That was quite sufficient time for the fertile brain of his honourable friend to devise a thousand fresh schemes. He thought it would be a thousand pities if Charles was to resign, he was such an amusing dog, ever on the qui vive to provide entertainment for the House, and keep it in a perpetual state of wonderment, as to where he was going to break out next. He had no doubt that the honourable gentleman to-morrow would walk in and tell them his last propositions were only his fun, and his recent defeat a capital joke ; that he was fully prepared to grapple with any i difficulty in the world, if hon. members would only let him have his j own way, and not be so abominably obstructive. j Mr. Cowper said to-morrow he would he happy to tell them all about it ; at present he did not know himself — he was rather despon- ! dent at parting with his Samuel, and could not sleep happy until he had obtained a lock of his dear hair, and under such painlul circum stances, hon. members would, he felt sure, excuse him. Mr. Forster said " To-morrow and to-morrow and to-morrow, would creep in this petty pace from day to day, till the last syllable of recorded time," but that his long experience of the gentleman who spoke last had caused him to be surprised at nothing that gentleman might say j or do, from speaking Kamschatka to standing on his head, or he certainly would have been perfectly astounded at his impudence in terming that rigmarole he had delivered, a ministerial statement. Why, confound the fellow ! he seemed to think that his convenience and comfort were the sole end and aim ot legislation. He got the country into a complete morass of difficulty, and then came there and bullied them for not pulling him out of it. He felt rather hurt that he had not been invited to Mr. Cowper' s little morning party, as he had always acted the part of a Damon to Charlie's Pythias — hut no matter, ho was rather partial to being despised — he might have given him a little wholesome advice, hut there, theie, no matter. He thought Samuel a remark ably sensible young fellow, he had mRrched tip a hill of financial perplexity, and then like the Duke of York, quietly marched down again. However in conclusion if Charles Cowper j thought eating his words, and throwing out feelers whetiier the House j 1 would support him in office if he voted with the. opposition, were lotions becoming an officer and a gentleman, in Heaven's name let him stick there. He fully expected to hear hmi give a moving account of his conversion from his evil ways, and swear that the narrow way leading to Ministerial life was ad valorem duties. Mr. Robertson thought as Cowper was a young, deserving, and comparatively untried man. why hang it, give him time, and ho was assured with the advice gratis, including proscriptions, which he (Mr. R.) would he happy to give him, "Jack would soon he alive again." Half a grain of property tax, an ounce of retrenchment, and very few scruples of ad valorem jig , would soon effect a ' perfect cure'' for the wounds of his bleeding country, and if it should after all happen to fail, dulcc et decorum est mourir pour la patne. Mr. Magtherson said ho had been running up his Sallust, and this is what the old hoy said — Propria quae maribus in medio tntissinms ibis , which meant that Mr. Robertson was a fugleman, funattached; he had no regiment, hut supposed he thought, like Samson, he could slay his thousands with the jawbone of a Jerusalem Pony — so twopence more and up goes the donkey, He believed in high ad valorem jig, admired Samuel from the bottom of his capacious heart, (don't blush Samuel !) and everybody else was bullocks. Mr. Robektsox said he did not recommend a property tax, he only said it was the very best scheme that could be adopted. He then cried and asked what "ignorant sin " he had committed, that he should be called a bugleman or a fogleman, by that fool or buffoon of the opposition. Mr. Speaker said in all his life he never heard such awful language. He thought they might respect his feelings, as all this sort of thing was quite foreign to him. Mr. Dignam said Nay, an Macphersox '11 mouth, I'll rant as well as he." He thought Mr. M. was rabid, and if Mr. Robertson was a fugleman, Mr. M. was a "blow froth." For his part he sat where he liked, and in fact where he did not like, for all the seats were very uncomfortable and wanted stuffing. (" Put your head in then, and'there'll bo plenty of stuff in" from an honourable member— " Ba'a-a-a-gh," from Mr. Dion am.) He voted as ho pleased, and " he I was a man, take him for all in all, you would not look upon his like again." Mr. Piddington hoped not, and complained that Oowper was, for the first time in his life, rather inexplicit and meagre in his explanation. He then gave a long and figurative lecture on the horrors of the income tax, and tho beauties of emigration lecturing. Mr. Paukfs wished tho gentleman would refrain from alluding to the latter. It was a sore subject, and his was a very sensitive nature. Mr. Piddington had forgotten that fact, but really " de non apparen- tibus et de -non cxistcntilms eadem est ratio." Mr. Parkes told him to keep his French to himself. Mr. Piddington was sorry he spoke. Mr. Parkes said things now were a nice state of things, weren t they? No Lands' Minister, no Treasurer, no Solicitor-General, no nothing. Ho thought it was a humiliating spectacle to see the Government coming there like pedlars, hawking new notions which nobody would buy or even look at. It might be very amusing to Mr. Cowper, but what was sport to him was death to common sense and the prosperity of New South Wales. He finally invited Robertson to take back his ministerial seat and be as dear, if not dearer than ever, and all should be forgotten by his disconsolate friends. There was plenty of revenue and he did not see why Charles should grind the people's bones to make bis bread, clieese. and salary. Mr. Buchanan said all the Government legs were broken, and thc-ir arms dislocated; the infamy of the Government harrowed up his soul, friz his young blood, made his eyes like stars start from tbeii spears, his knatty and combined locks to part, and each particular hair to stand on end, like squills upon the playful pantomime. He had been called the greatest turncoat in the house. He gloriedin th< title— cloth was expensive and frugality was economy. Besides i1 was better to be a turncoat on the right side than an old cloak o political immorality like the honourable and reverend old man of til- mountain. Tho sooner he cleared out the better, for he put him in mind of a man who tried to negotiate a triangular bill in favour o Jair.ieson-street, and at the same time preserve the symmetry o. Wynyard Square, forgetting that by doing so he was blockading the former up. Let the old gentleman mind his rectangles and keep or I the square, avoiding the crooked path of expediency. As to the | Government, such dastardly and disgraceful conduct— ' Mr. Speaker said, " Now, really, Mr. Buchanan, please don't — oh ! dear, dear, dear !— shocking— shocking," ! Mr. Buchanan apologised — As for that embodiment of chicaneiy ! and petty shuffling— Mr. Robertson said,. " Come, I say ! " i Mr. Fouster said, " Buchanan had as much right to call one 1 member a chicanery as Robertson had to call another honourable ! member a bufboon or a babfoon as he had just done." | Mr. Isaacs, Birds in their little nests agree, and 'tis a shameful | sight, for people's representatives to call hard names and fight. And he was surprised that Mr. Speaker did not knock them down with a rule, or shy an inkstand at their heads, or do something equally due to the dignity of the House." Mr Speaker said the agonies he had been enduring at bearing such awful language was unbeknown, hut out of courtesy to the House who seemed partial to it, he felt it was not for him to interfere with the animals' innocent amusement. Mr. Buchanan said, " Bother the House, the idea of my being out of order, simply because he called that tortuous, shuffling — " Mr. Garrett said, " Now, then." Mr. Speaker allowed Buchanan to go on, which he did like a hurricane, expressing his intention of standing there and seeing the country in flames before lie would consent to accept the Treasurer's proposals, — which, to say the least of it, was a very superfluous piece of heroism. He added that he would save the country if the country went to smash through his doing so. He did'nt care what was the fate of the country as long as he did his duty to it. After a g >od deal of " howling " and " imbecility " and " corruption " — and ' infamy," and " hurling down," the hon. gentleman sat down to the intense delight of the House. Mr. Samuel felt that he ought to have resigned at once, and that was why he didn't. He had done so now because the House evidently considered taxation was a blessing, but not as he taxed. He supposed it would be all the same a hundred years hence, and in the meantime if there was anything he could' nt do for them he would be most happy to do it. Dr. Lang said his conduct as a twenty-two years old member was faultless, blameless, irreproachable, perfect, noble, and sublime, and therefore he could not do wrong in voting as he did. As for Buchanan " he would go down, and he (Dr. L.) would go up, and he (Mr. B.) would be wanting to hold on to the skirt of his (Dr. L's) coat, but he (Dr. L.) would defeat him (Mr. B.) and make his ascent in a spencer.'' Dr. Wilson said, " Bosli, posh, gosh, won't wash." Dr. Lang was an animated package of inconsistency, and ought to be taxed for it. When ho (Dr. W.) was in office everything was right— he was just as clever as ever he was, and a nod was sometimes as good as a wink. Mr. Hay said there was no denying we were all in too much Of a muddle already to justify this discussion, and instead of wasting time lo force ministers out of office, let them endeavour to do their best to nrovide against the emergency without delay, and if again they fail, " where the offence is let the great axe fall," (" And so say all of us !" Punch % Co.) After the motion for adjournment had been negatived, other matters were discussed of comparatively minor importance. Cunneen said he had written such a letter to the P, and O. Co., threatening to withdraw his custom if they did not give better articles. Mr. Forster wanted a select committee to inquire into the expe diency of increasing the number of members of parliament. Mr. Cowper thought there were quite enough in the House already to do harm to the country, without any assistance. Mr. Martin thought the numbers ought to be diminished rather than increased ; there were 71 members too many now. Mr. Piddington thought exactly the same, only the 71 too many Mr. Martin meant, were not precisely the same as he (Mr. Piddington) meant, at least as far as one name was concerned. Some members then said one thing and others said other things, 1 and the debate was postponed, and then after a little playful pleasantry with the Act for Mending Sheep and Repairing Lambs, the House adjourned at a quarter past 11. Wednesday, December 26 tii. After a little preliminary manaevring, Mr. Cowper proposed the House should go into Committee of Ways and Moans. Mr. Martin laid before doing that he should like to see the next treasurer but linety-nine that the Premier probably meant to introduce before he got through with his fbiancials. The Premier said he should be most happy, and proceeded im mediately to introduce his old and valued friend Charles Cowper, Senior, Esq., a gentleman for whom he had the profoundest esteem, veneration, admiration, and every otherjation, including taxation, in which he was a treasure, as well as a treasurer. The House was so lelighted with the appearance of this illustrious stranger, that they asked him to make himself quite at home, and then rushed wildly into ill sorts of excesses, granting 'him everything lie wanted with a iberality that was strongly suggestive of insanity, or at any rate temporary derangement, Buchanan was carried out in hysterica, tnduced by rage and despair, and the curtain dropped on thia interest ing picture at half-paat one. What's the difference between N. South Welshmen and schoolboys P A. The former consider Tax sin, and the latter Syntax. 