Tiie long continued drought of the now waning summer furnishes the country dis tricts with an unanswerable argument as to the primary necessity to them of a constant and reliable supply of water. Paddling mills innumerable are idle, and quartz mining [.associations, with mines and machinery re presenting hundreds of thousands of pounds capital, have been brought to a standstill through the want of the element indispensa ble to effective gold separation. Even beyond this, there is the constant recurrence of de vastating fires without adequate water supply to insure extinction and the desira bility of abundance for domestic purposes is, iri a sanitary light, too obvious to require any urgency of argument. Whilst, to a great extent, admitting the validity of the claims so strongly urged by the gold-fields ? journals, wc still hold, on be half of the city of Melbourne and its suburbs, that the revenue derived from the Yaii Yean should not be diverted from its just and pro per purpose. And, whilst maintaining this view, Ave still believe that water supply to the gold-fields is both capable of accomplish ment and ought to bo carried out by Go vernment, if the districts anxious for the supply aro but reasonable in the matter. It is urged that, the Yan Yean supply having been obtained, Melbourno is selfishly regard less of the arid fate of the interior towns. It is persistently repeated that tho water supply of Melbourne was sccurcd by the devotion to the work of large sums from the con solidated revenue. In a limited sense, this is perfectly correct. The general credit of the colony was pledged to raise the sum borrowed for outlay ; and, on equal terms, wc desire to see the country districts as well supplied. It appears to be generally forgotten that Melbourne and its suburbs pay handsomely for their water privileges. Tho income from the Yan Yean supply has been large enough to more than defray the interest on the water debentures. Assuming the Yan Yean re venue for the current year to be about £100,000, there is a sum far beyond the in terest payable, which is for this year £24,480. Hitherto the revenue lias been chiefly devoted to extension of mains into suburban districts previously unsupplicd. This may be regarded as capitalisation of revenue, and it is no doubt possible to ascertain, with tolerable exactitude, how much has thus been expended. The point which wc desire especially to impress is that Melbourne has been heavily rated, and has paid liberally for the use of water. The Sewerage and Water Supply Act of 1855, whilst constituting tlie \V ater commission, simultaneously conferred power upon the board to levy rates upon the inhabitants of the districts to which water was to be sup plied. This power has been liberally availed of, and 4;1; per cent, upon the annual rental is compulsorily extracted from owners or occupiers. Now, upon similar terms, the country districts only demand a right in seeking for water-supply. ? If willing to submit the mining, agricultural, landed and house property of the several districts to be benefitted to the imposition of an adequate water tax, they can confidently claim the assistance of the State in tho original expenditure. The Melbourne supply being tho precedent largely relied on by the advocates of water to the gold-fields, there will probably be no objection to similar con ditions being imposed. If willing to have property rates so as to produce a reasonable return upon the original outlay, the claims of the gold-fields to assistance from the State are irresistible, and should not be refused. It only requires some , demonstration of cer tainty as to returns to securc the hearty co-operation of the entire community, urban as well as rural. In elucidation of the quite possible solution of the twin question of town and country water supply, we may point out a course which can scarcely fail to satisfy all parties. So assured is the financial position of the Yan Yean water supply, that there is a strong feeliiig amongst many members of the city corporation and suburban municipalities, as well as amongst the metropolitan ratepayers generally, to take the entire concern over from Government, repaying the whole expenditure to the present date. The annual revenue is now such as to be an ample guarantee for a special corporation and municipal loan, contracted for the purpose of paying off all Government contributions from the consolidated revenue. The original sum borrowed as a water loan was £S00,000, of which £417,000 lias been already paid, and £383,000 remains to be gradually defrayed before 1873. If the Melbourne city council, and the surrounding municipalities, had the management ot the water supply, such would be more directly under the control of the consumers, and those who pay the rates, Again, the pos session of such a revenue as the water rate would produce could not fail to insure the easy borrowing of a sum sufficient to repay the whole Government advance on account of the Yan Yean supply. Ah arrangement of this kind would, we be lieve, furnish the Government Avith a sum j sufficient to undcrtako water supply to the gold-fields without having recourse to a fresh Government loan, and upon some such terms of maintenance of interest and ultimate re payment as we have now suggested. In the ICth clause of the Melbourne Water and Sewerage Act (lGtli Vict., No. 39), power is reserved for the transfer, after the completion of the works, to tho Mayor, aldermen, coun cillors and citizens of the city of Melbourne, of all the property and powers vested in and conferred upon the Board of Commissioners, upon such conditions, and subject to such restrictions and limitations, as to the Governor and Legislature may seem fit. It is thus evident that, when the water supply of Mel bourne was first undertaken, it was even then in contemplation to ultimately hand over the Yan Yean works to the municipal represen tatives of the city. In such a plan as wc suggest the surplus water revenue, after the formation of a sinking fund to ultimately extinguish the municipal water debt, would bo a reasonable basis upon the strength of which to borrow money to be expended upon the sewerage of the city. The further distribution of the Yan Yean water to districts as yet unsupplicd would, under such a plan as wc advocate, be a simple matter of bargain with those desiring it. An undertaking to pay a certain amount of rates would secure the desired boon. The feasibility of the suggestions now made is capable of demonstration by figures, aud tlicir adoption would securc at oncc a more popular, and probably more economical, method of managing the Yan Yean supply, whilst producing the necessary funds for establishing an efficient water supply for the country. Robinson Cuusoe, petitioning the Govern ment of Great Britain to bestow a Constitu tion and a representative system upon tho island inhabited by himself and his man Fiiiday, could scarcely have been guilty of a more riaicuious proceeding man unio ui me busy-bodies who have initiated a movement for the erection of the AVarrcgo District into ?a separate colony. The petition to the Secretary of State for the Colonies, elsewhere published, is one of the most diverting documents which has fallen under our notice for some time past. A mysterious old woman, who is anonymous, is made to dance before our eyes like one of Professor Pui-phr's ghosts } aud we are taught to believe that the district proposed to be dis membered from Queensland ' abounds with bushrangers and cattle-stealers,' and is in fested with ' whito and black scoundrels'' of all denominations. If the statements put forth in the memorial arc to be relied upon, the contemplated ' colony ought to . be provided with a piebald Governor, a parti-colored Administration, and a speckled Legislature. Every measure adopted by the latter should be of a half and-lialf character, and the supporters of the colonial escutcheon should bo a couple of zebras. But, while the curiously tcsselated composition of the popu lation is distinctly stated, nothing whatever is said of its numerical strength, or of tho proportion borne by the cattle-owners to the cattle- stealers, or of the relative numbers of the blacks and tho whites. We aro almost led to infer that the ' reivers ' are as nume rous on the Warrego as they were formerly on tho Scottish and English borders, and that, when the stock-yard is empty, the wives of the bushrangers in the Far Nortli put a pair of spurs upon their husbands' vacant plates, as an intimation that they must harry their neighbor's run, in order to procure a Iresh supply of juicy steaks and smoking sirloins. In like manner, we aro led to conclude that the ' black scoundrels' are in the majority in the district referred to, and that it may be come necessary to conduct the debates in the aboriginal yabber-yabber, as well as in debased English, in the Warrego Parlia ment. If . the absurd proposition of tho sepa ratists entitled it to serious consideration, we might ask them how tho transfer of the seat of Government from Brisbane to Rockliampton could possibly give greater se curity to life and property to the settlors on the inland rivers, than that which they now enjoy. ~ No doubt, this is little enough, under existing circumstances, but it is one of the penalties incidental to the high stake they play for. The man who takes up an enormous block of back country, at an insignificant rental, and stocks it with healthy sheep and cattle, in nine cases out of ten lays the founda tion of a colossal fortune. If tlie State concedes him the undivided occupancy of a vast principality, and takes from him, in return, a pitiful quit rent, he has no right to expect that the State will organise and maintain a little army of mounted police to guard his flocks from depredation, and his huts from pillage. As lie has planted himself on the confines of civilisation, for the sake of the material advantages accruing from such a position, he must likewise accept the un avoidable drawbacks of the same j he must defend what he holds, and fulfil the duties while he possesses the privileges of pastoral sovereignty. ? If he is not exactly out of the pale of society, he lias voluntarily exiled himself, so far, from the centre of its influ ences that he is precluded from complaining of the inconveniences resulting from his isolation. The cry of ' separation ' is now raised so frequently, and upon such slight and insuffi cient grounds, that it promises to degenerate into a bye-word. In any given district, half a dozen fussy and frothy individuals, with some leisure, good lungs, fluent tongues and well-filled purses, can get up an agitation for this object. It appeals to the vanity of some, and presents a plausible aspect to all. Little Peddlington is gratified by the ex pectation of becoming Great Peddlington ; and the owner of tho best liouso in the pro vincial capital cogitates, in a sanguine spirit, on the amount of rent it would yield if selected as the gubernatorial residence. A local Legislature, a local Ministry, a local dis tribution of official loaves and fishes, a local expenditure of the land revenues ^ of the surrounding district and the duties col lected at tho local custom house (if it be -i seaport or a border town) — these are fascinating prospects for the local no- 1 bodies, every ono of whom looks forward to becoming a local somebody — possibly an honorable, or a member of the Executive Council. It ii5 easy to find real, .or to imagine visionary, grievances in justification of the plea for separation ; and it seems to be considered a patriotic duty to disparage the colony of which the seceding district has previously formed an integral portion. If the Imperial Government were to accede to all the requests which; liavs- been, or which may hereafter be, .addressed to it, for cutting up these colonies into little bits, wo should have a congcrics of petty communities, with parish vestry Parliaments, mutual squabbles, empty exchequers and growing debts, such as would infallibly bring tho principles of representative government into utter con tempt. Tasmania, with a population 0f 90,000, finds great difficulty in raising the necessary funds for carrying on the business of Government and in making both ends meet ; and it is doubtful whether the district of the Warrego contains one-tenth of tho inhabitants which arc to bo found iu the garden island of Australia ; while, as much of the territory proposed to be included within the limits of the northern colony lies inside the tropics, where it will be next to impossible to rear European chil dren, tho growth of population must bo com paratively slow, and only such industries aro likely to be pursued as can be conducted by a few shepherds and hutkccpers, or by coolio laborers imported for the cultivation of tropical produce. It remains to bo seen, in deed, whether the growth of wool will con tinue to be long remunerative at the northern extremity of this continent, and whether the staple will not degenerate into something resembling hair rather than wool. But, leaving all such problems to the future for solution, there can be no doubt of the egregious absurdity of any movement having for its object the foundation of another colony, north of the Fitzroy River. Tho Warrego settlers may havo reasonable grounds of animosity against the ' Darling ' Down squatters,' of whom it i3 alleged the Government of Queensland is mainly composed ; but, if the separatists arc nu merically so weak as to be unable to make head against this preponderating influence, what sort of a figure would they be likely to cut if they succeeded in getting a Govern ment and a Legislature of their own ? 