VICTORIA, "We have Melbourne papers to Jane 15th. The .io lowing is fi om the Age, of that date: The sitting ol the LeglsKtive Coaaci), last evening, -wna ohiefly remarkable far the tome* hat singular aetlon '-token by that branch of the Legislature with regard to -{he Constitution Law Consolidation Bill. OB the motion for the second reading of the measure, Mr. Kel owes moved an amendment that it be teid a second time that -day six months. In support of the ami ndment, he urged a number of objeo-iona to the measure, but tbey were all -of tho most trivial chirac er ; and, a« Ur. Herve; .'justly remarked, the faull s pointed ont could be easily icmedied by the Oounoil. and the Assembly would |ro* hnbly agree to tho amendments. If not, the Oonnoil -coula then take the step vow pro po ed. This, however, did not aait Mr. Fellowes, who it, no doubt, oonsoioBj -that his - particular forte lies r&thtr; io objecting theo -. amending ; and the bill waa consequently thrown ont. The Législative Assembly, last evening, aaaotioued the proposition presented by the honorable the . Treasurer for a loan of £S0tí,OjU tow inls supplying the > country districts with water. Mr. Verdon having briefly explained the financial portion of the-question, â.'r. Su.Utan entered at annie length into the particulars > of tbs sohonis proposed by the Government. Too total-cost of tho various works which it is oontem ',-pU'od to-cany out ls set down at £l,16l,7> 0, and tho -dino once between that sum und £A0 ,001), the amount of ttioloaii it ia intoiidcd to obtain from ibo revenues arising from, or from tho sile or lease of, tho Yan Yean Water Work». Mr. Gillies movo I-, as an nnnnd meiit, ¿hat the loin should bo inoreasod to £1,000,000 «so that the work» shuuld be carried out without any rdforecet to $J»» TM VAU) J, t>t»t nUimiWr {vb* prig! notice WM carried ' -* Wo regret bari' g \o record another great miaforti (o Hr, Bartle 'Fisher, in tba death cf bli celebra rarer aad Hood entire, Fisherman," which took pl ye*t*rday morning, at tbe Maribyrnong atable*, had been suffering for the K»t fortoi.bt from a dis» in the neck, resembling diphtheria in tbe haman boil bat the nature of. the diso'der cannot be ssoertaii until after the post mortem exuminatioa which ii take place this morning. Fisherman wat one of 1 [ porest bl iod horses ever imported. His tire was Hei by Bastard, and dam Mainbrace by Sheetancbor; i ' h's raine may be estimated by the fact tbat 1 Fisher bad been offered £7000 for him, on being lani bn?k again in England. He was twelve j ears old, a won more rases than an; hone standing to corer England erer ran for ; winning seventy out of one bi 1 dred and twenty races, inolnding all distanoes np fonr miles and a quarter. His deHb may bs contidei I a great loss not only to the enterprising owner, bat a to the colony at large The Talbot Leader says;-"We continually b instances of la-ge cuanti-ies of gold haring eecni from crushing machines and paddling mtohines, s thereby great loss bairne canted to the owners of i wael dirt or quarti, as the case may be. The fo'lowi incident ia sd sti ¡kingly illustrative of the fact that It worthy of sotice :-Some time ago a party of nc olesred out a large waterhole in the blind creek at I rear of ino township at M Oallum'a Creek, and emoi the tailings deposited therein from a crushing moobi worked in a primitive manner ssveral years ago, t motive power being a horse. Soma hundreds of loa of these tallis gs have bein crashed, and lbs last lot oo statin* of eighty too*, yielded gold to the value of £91 The tailings from tbe crashing machine on Sydney Bi have been purchased by Mr. John<on, quarti crushi for ls. per load, and be is oarting them and orushii them at hit machine and obtaining a gool profit." . A bona' fi Je ghost, and one, too, of a rather lire temperament, appears to have pat in aa appsirano* tbe neighbourhood of Oa«tlemaioe. The M. A. Hi gives the following particulars relative to the pranks the supernatural visitor :-" If a large number of pe . ons are to he believed, there is a noted < bleak* hons situate not a hundred miles from the junctiou of tl Campbell's Creek and Tarrengower roads, which- f some months past has been the seine of nightly vi»it tions of leitless souls who have recrossed tbe Sty The tenant of the house is a brawny blacksmith, n lili ely to be easily scared but both be aid hit temi maintain that, in a certain room of the hou.e the I aren igt tl Y such strange goings on, each uneirth noises, euab Jasp'ng about of chairs and ,a".le», acooi pi.nied hy strange moans and groins, that lt impossible for any of them to sleep, y on entering the room all is a« quiet ar still as the air when the winds are bushed. Ko aoone however, Is the door ef the apartment closed, than tl pranks and frol;cs are resumed with redoubled vigou nor do they e:ass UH daylight does appea<-. it currently reported that the inoredaloui. teigbbou hsve passed portions of the night ia the honse, and th; the exf erienoe of all verifies the statement of the blaol smith. Among the number of persons alluded to it a energetto member of the borough connell and a wei known Boniface, born of no pale-faced fear. It further stated that an appeal has been made to celebrated nautical captain of the district, whose lon acquaintance with Fatter Neptune, it is supposed, ms hare made ' him sufficiently knowing to enable bim i exorcise these airy visitants from the abode of their pr< sent midnight revelries.' In the meantime, it ie a fa that the blacksmith is about to seek other querier where it is to be hoped his slumbers may be as oalm i an infant's upon ¡ts mother's breast.'.' At a em irai meeting of the Frabran and Soul Tarra Rifles, held at the orderly room of the corps c Tuesday evening last, the following members wei nominated to fill the office of sergeant. Corpon Leplastrier, Corporal Wilson, Private Fitts, and Coi paral Hill, o-ie of whom will be selected to fill tt TBcanoy by the Colonel Commandant. With regard to the second arrest of Cossen, tl Talbot storekeeper,, on a charge of rape, the Leadt BOIS .- - « Considerable oxoitement was created in Tal bx on Saturday, evening, by the pjlice again arreatio James Comen, the storekeeper, on. a charge of rape tho presumed vio:im being the fame as in the pri vious case,,. whoa it appeared that the police ha oUa'ned froth evidenoo in the case. ' The pruceed lng« in tho Talbot pol:ce-conrt, yesterday, wer chiefly confined to. the discussion of oertain legs points, Mr. Hoskins, who appeared for the prUonei contending that'do justification could be shown fo amsting Cousen after the oase; had been so:ampi investigated before, and fae had bean discharged bj tho bench. After several arguments between Mi Hoskins and Mr. Sarene's (the latter appearing t prosecute) the prisoner was remanded tiii Thursday bail being refused. During tbe day. the father of th Kiri, Thomas Wolfendale,-was sued* for neglecting ti I ay th; amount per w¿ek crde- ed by the benah for hei maintenance, and an adjournment to Thursday Hkewisi took place. Shortly after the adjournment of thi court, and, as the father and mother were leaving, in i dray, the girl begged of-them te take ber home, am they were about to do so when the polios iuterfered and detained her." -, - -, - í . Yesterday's (July 12) Daylesford Mercury says. " On Sunday evealng a luminous appearance, gene rally suppôt od to be a cemet, was observed ia ihi htavens, bearing S.S.W., at an altitude of about S! degrees. A référence to tbe Mercury, of 27th Jana arr, will «bow that a well-known' local contributor sn astronomical and meteorological matters, predicted ibi ri-tnrn ot' Enoke's comet iii July. Can oar lnminoai visitor be the comet thur« referred to t" Another contest for the possession of the challenge cup of the Melbourne and North Melbourne rifle corpa took place on Saturday. : The ranges were 200, SOO, and 600 yards, ten t>bots at eaoh, and the highest seor« made during tbe afternoon was by private B. 0. Jones, who obtained ninety-three points. Private M'Kwan scored ninety, but as the highest snorer, ia considera- tion of being allowed to use a Hay instead of a Lanoss . ter rifle, will bave to give all other competitors six point», MtEwan'obtains a majority of throe points over bU opponent. Private Kidd, who has to complete his firing next Saturday, mu9t make eighteen point- in six shots , in order to bear tiff tbe trophy. Some remark- ably good shooting was ditp'ayed in I he -i atoh, particu- larly on the part of Private Jones, who at tho 200 yards range made eight ball's eyes and two centres,«nt of bli ton shots. Tho Mount Alexander Mall, ia commenting on tho petition of the judges to the Legls'ative Council, and on tho stupid hostility shown theta by the infatuated Attorney-General, concludes its. article that;-"If any oircumstaice more than another could illustrate the absurdity of this bill of Mr. Higinbotbaru's, it ia the sot of the representatives of the - Crown being in tbe positron of a body corporate, with power to sae, and liability to be «ned, in tho Supreme CourL It would be quite bad enough to interfere ' with tho ¡ode lenddnce of tie Benoh were no such law ia exi t-rnce but in the faco of it the-absurdity is «ll -the snore gluriog. To render the judge/ tenure of office amen- able to the whims cf any set of Cabinet Ministers would be equivalent io intimidating them, or, at least,' it would give rise to all kinds of doubts in caaes Where the Crown recovered verdiots, and the main beauty of the judioial oliaraol cr would be impairad. We sincerely trtis* that the Legislative Council will refute to sec- tion this Consolidaticn bill, for we feel assured that, should it tocóme law, the status ot the judicature ia Victoria will bo degraded toao ex'eut which will bring contempt upon our institutiora generally. ' 