A THIEVES' I>E3f INT THE NATIVE CITY OF CALCUTTA. We extract the following from a letter of a correspondent to the Times :—" Wq had penetrated along way deep into the entrails of the native city when my companion seemed ; to recognise some object of \yhich hfc had been in quest- It was a two-'stdried house domi nating all; its neighbors, and extending far away backwards, .coyermg; much ground. He lit a dark^lantern, gave his horse to a chowkedar whom he had hailed some minutes before, and motioned me. to. follow. There was a hole about two feet sqmre in the «losed door ,of this house, or rather this great shell of brickwork—a hole concealed by a rag which hung pyer .it. Through thislhole, we crept, andfound ourselves inaroom filled with a suffocating vapor.. A man and a boy were asleep on a trestle, so fast asleep that, although we'flashed the lantern over their faces, they did not wake. Through this room we passed intp a ruinous yard—-weei and bricfcwood and broken/masonry. Our -dark lantern shewed us a Staircase, -and^'^?asce^,to.*.gaUeiy which ran round the^artl, but had no pro tecting rail to preyejit; our falling down into it. As we groped along this dangerous plat form, I ventured-to what this -place was, and what object we -had in coming there. The answer was that it was suspectedthat a murderer was concealed in the immediate neighborhood, and the purpose of that night'ii expedition was to get some idea of his where abouts. All along this gallery were doors leading into rooms which we could heaiiv were not untenanted, for we had evidently disturbed the inmates. We stopped before one of these and knocked. There was an. answer, and after some womankind had been sent into an inner room, we were admitted. Such a shaggy, clotted, fierce*k)oking wild man as the lord of this habitation does not appear inany of Dr Diamond's photographs of furious madmen. What was said I do not know, but he prostrated himself like a rebuked evil spirit before the command of xny companion, and, setting out as our guide, led us through rooms, alleys and yards, and over ditches and broken walls, until I was fairly bewildered-. Arrived at our destination, our guide knocked up another honest man, about as prepossessing as himself, -and the man had some friends. A very animated debate ensued and I needed no ghost to tell me that we two Englishmen, without any other weapon than the little rat tan stick with which I picked my way, and without any assistance within hope of call, were surrounded by half a dozen of the most desperate ruffians in Calcutta. Yet the Englishmen commanded and the Hindoo cringed. They were told that this Englishman must be given up, or ——. What the alter native was did not transpire, but it was terrible enough to make them undertake to1 lure the man back from Mofussil, and deliver him ujJ to justice. The wretch was guilty of a cowardly series of murders upon native women, whom he had killed with a short iron bar, and despoiled of their silver anklets and armlets. Even these ruffians seemed ashamed of him, and they will probably keep their engagement; but I mention this anecdote only to show that the English prestige is not lost and powerless in the thieves' den of Cal cutta. . * Interesting Discovery.—Some workmen employed in forming a- sewer at Sables, a seaport town in France, recently dug up a quantjty of pottery ware and old coins, and two petrified loaves of bread, one of which was perfectly intact^ and of the form, size, and colour of the loaves of the present day. " Cheap , and Simple Mode of PuEimKG Wateb.—Persons cannot be to cautious in the use of water, particularly London water, which is more or less impregnated with of fensive matter held, in solution, or mechan-, ically mixed with it. The following mode of purifying it—being accessible to all classes —would, if acted upon generally, greatly tend to the improvement of health. Take a large- sized flower-pot, and having plugged the aperture iris the bottom with a piece' of clean sponge, break up a few sticks of charcoal into small pieces, which strew over the bottom to the depth of an inch and a half or two inches, place the pot over a pitcher or clean vessel, and let all the water used for culinary purposes pass through it. By ordinary attention in keep ing the garden pot constantly dripping,, a considerable quantity of water, in a per fectly pure state, may thus be obtained. Fresh charcoal should be used every other day, and the sponge cleansed. If despatch is required, strew charcoal over a very fine sieve or milk strainer, and let the water be ipassed through it. This will answer ^he same purpose, but the water -will not be quite so clear. X ■ Disgraceful Scene is a CHUBCBraABS>.~ On Friday last, the churchyard of Fearn was the scene of a most disgraceful and disgusting spectacle. The remains of a fisherman from Hilton, which were attended by a large assem*' Wage, were being lowered into their final resting place, when ohQ"of the ^ai excited manne^ and Iqud voice, ^attempted to interfere, . alleging t^thebury^^ was his property. This the friends of t&e; deceased as yehementlydenied, andanangry altercation ensued. The.objecter threatened to raise the coffin, while, to defeat this intention, the opposite party shovelled in the earth with redoubled vigor. By this time the feelings of the crowd were enlisted on eithiir side", audi wrought to a fearful pituli by passion, presented a scene • -quite inde scribable. Frantic with rage,, some made SBe M ihfe; inost abusiye others, armed with sp^ei, chased^each bther through jhe churchyard, while their shouts could lie heard at a great distance. -By an d by, how after a cpraj^e^bie^m^ and thus the unseemly spectacle was brought toauend. Inverness Advertiser. 