NEW WE5LEYAN CHAPEL, MINKS. fCoadensed from tue Wallaroo Times.] Persons approaching Moonta from Kadiua or Wallaroo on Monday, August 7, could easily discern, front the quantity of bunting floating in tlio breeze, that it was a gala day there. On arriving at the mines it was evident "great prepara tions had been made for laying the foundation stone of the new Wesleyan Chapel. Adjoining the present chapel a large marquee had been erected for the tea meeting; over this a number of ships' flags had been suspended, presenting an animated appearance to the place. At half-past 1 o'clock the Trustees and a number of friends assembled at the chapel, and, headed by the Moonta Mines Brass Baud, proceeded to the site of the new building. Here an immense concourse of people had assembled. It was estimated that there could not have been less than from 1,009 to 1,200 persons present. The proceedings were commenced by the Kcv. C. Colwell giving out a hymn, which was sung with beautiful effect, after which the Rev. O. T. Newmau engaged in prayer. The Band then per formed a piece of sacred music in an excellent manner. The Rev. C. Coiavet.i, stated that at the unani meus request of the Trustees, Captain Hancock had consented to perform the ceremony of laying the foundation-stone, before which he would ask the Secretary of the Trust, Mr. Thomas Davis, to read a copy of tbe coutents of the bottle to be placed under the stone. Mr. Davis stated that the bottle contained a copy of the Wallaroo Times, Register, and Express newspapers, a preachers' plan, anil a document, of which the following is a copyWesley an Methodist Chapel, Moonta Mines—The foundation-stone of this chapel was laid on the 7th August, 1S05, by H. R. Han cock, Esq., Manager of the Moonta and Yelta Mines; being in the 2Sth year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria; Sir Dotninick Daly, Governor of colony; President of the British Conference, the Kcv. George Osborne, D.D.: > ■ President of the Australasian Conference, fiev. ,T. f S. Wajigh; Chairman of the District, Rev. John Watsford; Ministers of the Circuit, Revs. C. Colwcll, Superintendent, and C. T. Newman; leaders in Moonta, 13 in number; Trustees of Chapel, 2it in number,'" Captain Hancock then placed the bottle in the cavity made for it, and with the ease and grace of a "master mason"' used the trowel in spreading the mortar. The stone being lowered and the plummet applied, he declared it duly laid in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The ceremony being concluded, he stood on the stone and expressed his gratification at seeing so many present, which evidenced the interest they felt in the work. That they needed a larger chapel had long been demonstrated; but for a consider able period difficulties over which they had. no control had prevented them building. Now lie rejoiced that those difficulties had lieen overcome, and he hoped that the work would be carried ou to a successful completion. •The Baud then played in an excellent manner the "HallelujahChorus." The Bev. O. Oolweli. then addressed the company, expressing the pleasure he felt at being present, and stated that although sickness had prevented him being present at the various Trustee meetings, yet he took a deep and lively interest in all their movements. When his colleague bad informed him of their liberality aud enterprise it filled his heart with joyous emotions, and he rejoiced at the favourable auspices under which the work was commenced. In such a company as the present it was unnecessary for him 10 give a lengthened ex position of their doctrine. However, the leading truths which would be proclaimed there might be spokeu of as the three great It's—Ruined by Sin, Redemption by Jesus Christ, and Regenera tion by the Holy Ghost. He trusted that the building would be erected without accident, and tbat (iod's blessing would crown their labours. The Rev. C. T. Newman informed the assembly that the Trustees invited freewill offerings to be placed on the stone, which was responded to by over £16 being given. After singing the doxology and pronouncing the benediction, the company, headed by the Band, repaired to the chapel for tea. On arriving there the tables were soon filled, and the ladies' energies called into active exercise. The proceeds for the tea alone amounted to the extraordinary sum of £54. As soon as the tables could be cleared, the public meeting was commenced in the marquee by sing ing ana prayer. Captain Hancock presiding. Captain Hancock, on taking the chair, in an effective speech detailed the circumstances which led to that day's proceedings. He said no one who saw their congregation could for a moment doubt the necessity for increased accommodation. At present the people were packed like herrings in a barreL Some might ask why tbe work was not commenced before. He would reply because they could not possibly do so, inasmuch as it was mineral lease land, and the permission of the Government and mine lessees liad to be obtained first. In securing this many difficulties had arisen, and it was mainly through the exertions of their hon. member, Mr. J. Hart, that they had suc ceeded. He rejoiced at the success which had already attended the movement, and admired the liberality of the people. Still. much remained to he done, and it was thought advisable at the present meeting to take the money matters first and the speeches afterwards. He would now call upon the Bev. Mr. Newman to address the meeting. The Kev. Mr. Newman stated that he wouldfirst lay before them their financial position. The amount of the present contract was £1,062, which was for the building only, and the estimate for in ternal fittings was £300 more. To meet this they had subscriptions promised to the amount of £65 J. Thus it would he seen that, handsome as the sub scription-list was, a large sum yet remained to be collected. He hoped that before the meeting was over the amount would stand at £900. Mr. Jollt, the Treasurer of the Trust, stated that he had recently received the sum of £10 from the Mines" Union, which was formed during the late strike, but was now broken up. He was also informed tliat the same amount bad been given to the other chapels in course of erection. Dr. Wilkinson, Mr, Martin Edwards, Mr. Jolly,., and Mr. Bichards then addressed the meeting, when it was announced that the proceeds of tne day's services amounted to about £170. Votes of thanks to the ladies, the Band, and the Chairman, and the benediction brought to a close the largest and one of the most successful meetings 2ver held on the Peninsula. We subjoin a brief description of the building, which will be 75 feet by 45 feet in tbe clear. It is if Gothic design, and will be built of stone, with brick quoins and arches, androofed with galvanized iron. The floor will have an incline of about two feet in the entire length. We believe it will be the largest chapel out of Adelaide, it being estimated to hold 750 persons. Mr. F. May is the architect, and Mr. S. Bossitor the builder. It will he com pleted in the early part of November, and the Bey. W". Taylor is expected to preach the. opening ser mons. . 