THE WEEK'S NEWS. Deferred Payments.—A characteristic answer has been made to our article on the subject of "deferred payments"—an answer.which con tains no reference at all to the question at issue; not a word in defence of the "new scheme," and not the shadow of a reply to the objections brought against it. The oniy question touched upon is whether newspapers, in discussing public questions, ought to call each other names, and if so, in what way. Now, this is really a point on which we cannot pretend to .be an authority. But at present, and in the absence of any code of laws on the subject, we should think that the practice of the Times, the Daily Noes, and other such journals would be preferable to that of the jEaiaud&icitl; Gazette and its celebrated contem porary. Mr. Potts used to advise the public not to "take in" his rival's paper; but we hope there is no necessity for us to adopt such a course as that. Mr. R. E. Torrens.—It is stated that Mr. Torrens intends to resign the office of Registrar General on liis return from England. Pastoral Lease Valuations.—We have re ceived a copy of the evidence given by the various witnesses who were examined by the Pastoral Lease Committee of the Legislative Council. It is very voluminous, but we shall find room for some portions of it at an early date. Stow Memorial Church.—Tlie Building Com mittee have fixed on the 7th February as the day for laying the foundation-stone of the Stow Memorial Church. Horse Accident.—On Saturday afternoon as Mr. George Green was driving toGlenelg, and had passed the Morphett Arms, he met with an acci dent which resulted in the immediate death of the animal he was driving. A dray in which was a colt belonging to Mr. Humphreys, baker, shied on crossing the bridge, and ran so forcibly against Mr. Green's horse that the dray shaft entered its body and mortally wounded it. Mr. Green was on the right side of the road, and although he had perfect control of his horse, he was unable to avoid the collision. Fire.—Afire occurred on Monda?'evening last at Mr. Samson's seel ion, Gawler Plains, but was speedily extinguished. Alarm of Fire. — Police-constable Fahey, whilst on duty in. Bundle-street on Wednesday morning, about half-past 1 o'clock, noticed smoke issuing from the kitchen, in the basement storey, of the Hamburg Hotel. As there was also a strong smell of fire he gave an alarm. It was ascertained that an article of dress, which had been placed before the fire by a servant, had ignited, and being a woollen fabric it consumed slowly, making a great smoke, and emitting the peculiar odour which led to the timely discovery of the danger. A Downfall.—On Tuesday afternoon, as the workmen employed in effecting repairs at the Audit Office were engaged in opening ventilators in the roof, a large portion of the ceiling fell, but licyond the raising of an immense cloud of dust no injury occurred. Upon examination of the fallen ruins it was surprising to notice the small hold the nails had in the joists, and yet they had supported the ceiling ever since the building had been erected. The Dry Creek Races.—These races will be held at the Cavan Arms on Wednesday, 25th instant. Murray Steamers.—We have authority to say that our Goolwa correspondent must have been misinformed in stating that the accident to the Kennedy arose from unsoundness in her castings. The persons most interested in the matter enter tain na such opinion, and are assured that the accident arose from other causes. Crafers Agricultural Society.—A corre spondent says:—"Amongst the many well- ordered movements which at the present moment are awakening considerable interest and receiving a large share of patronage is the recently-established Agricultural S»ciety at Crafers. The great success which attended the Exhibition last year lias led to the modelling of this Association on its present liberal basis. Societies formed for the specific purpose of developing our manifold resources— whether their labours are designed to operate in favour of agricultural or 111 any other important channel—should have accorded tliem the counte nanceand patronage of tlie public. On behalf of this new Society, there is evidently no lack of energy either on the part of the Committee or of their Secretary, Mr. E. Smith, and we are glad to be able to state that their exertions are receiving most cordial' support. Already numbers of our most influential colonist*! are .identified with the movement." Templers.—The harvesting operations around Templers are now nearly completed; but the average yield is considerably below that of last year, which is accounted for l.y the small quantity of rain which had fallen there during the season. Ancient Order of Shepherds.—The first half yearly district meeting of the Ancient Order of Shepherds was held on Friday evening, January 13, at the Railway Hotel, Port Adelaide. Present —D.AP. W. L. Bayley, D.S.P. J. Williams, D.S. Wm. Whitfield, D.K, Jos, E. Munay, and the following Delegates:—Pride of Australia, Brothers J. Young and Wm. Hack; Shepherd's Pride, S.P. D. Forsaith and Biothcr A Pagen. stecker. The following brothers were elected District Officers for the ensuing year:—W. L. Bayley D.AP., Jas. Williams D.S.P. and Treasurer, W. Whitfield D.S., Brothers Thos. E. Murray, D Forsaith, nd A Pagen tecker were elected District Trustees. The following resolutions were passed:—"That the half-yearly meetings be held in each Sanctuary room in rotation." "That Sanctuary 'Pride of Australia pay the district levies or he past six mouths, and that Sanctuary 'Shepherd's Pride' pay for the ensuing six months." " That the D.K. be elected from the Brothers of the Sanctuary in which the meeting is held." At the conclusion of the business the Brothers and several friends sat down to an enticing supper, which Host Murray had prepared in excellent style. A number of toasts were drunk and songs sung, and a very plea sant evening spent. The Botanic Gaul ex.—The collection of animals brought to this colony by the St. Magnus is a fine one of IS animals, in cluding one tiger, four moose deer, two Java iowls, three Java peacocks, two weasels, one porcupine, 4 Java partridges, and one falcon. There are also a quantity of curious seeds and tropical fruits—the latter in spirits-aud Mr. Francis has received an assurance from his cor respondent that when another opportunity offers he will send many other Interesting additions to our collection. The present consignment has been brought by Captain Walsh without any charge for freight, the only cost being the necessary expenses for food and attendance. Death of Dr. Kent.—Our obituary notice contains an announcement of the death of Dr. Kenr, formerly for many years a resident of this colony. The deceased, who had been living for the last two or three years in the Isle of Wight, suffered for a long time from a cataract. la the early part of November he proceeded to London, where he underwent a most painful operation. Shortly afterwards he caught cold, which brought on inflammation of the lungs and a severe cough, the jarring of which latter aggravated the agony of his eye. At the same time he w-as suffering from an old disease of the heart, and to these com plicated ailments he succumbed oa the 23th No vember. Has brother-in-law, the llev. 15r. Emerson, visited him on the 24th, and agaiu on the morning of the 25th, when he was to all appearance better, but at 2 o'clock iu the afternoon he became sud denly worse and soon expired. Dr. Kent has left a widow, daughter of Mr. John Newman, of Port Adelaide, and six children, viz., the lady of our respected fellow-colonist Dr. Bayer, the lady of Lieutenant Dawes, now stationed at Gibraltar, a son, George, who holds an .appointment in the Government Offices, an unmarried daughter who was with him at the time of his death, and two young children by his second marriage. Admiral Cator's Will.--We find the follow ing paragraph in the Some News, under the heading "Wills and Bequests:"—"Tlie will of Admiral Bertie Cornelius Cator, E.N. (retired), formerly residing at Sussex-square, Hyde Park, but late of the Palace Hotel, Buckingham-gate, was proved in the London Court under £40,01)0 personalty. Tlie exceptors nominated are James Alfred Hallett. Esq., Great George-street, AVest iniuster; and Charles O. F. Cator, Esq. (the nephew), of Bryanston-square. The will is dated 1S03; and there are three codicils. The testator lias disposed of his estates iu England and Aus tralia amongst Ills son and daughters, leaving to his son Albemarle Bertie Cator his land and hereditaments in South Australia, including gas and mining shares in that colony, as well as pro perty in Glasshouse-yard, London. 2'o his daughter Emma E. Butler he has devised his freeholds iu Westmoreland; to his daughter Sophia H. Cator he has left liis AYoodfield Estate, Essex; to liis daughter Louisa J. T. Areruon he leaves the old ltectory-House, Carslialton, Surrey. The residue of his property, including plate and wines, to be divided amongst his son and daughters. To each of his executors £209; to his servants two years' wages, and to an old faithful servant, Mrs. Charlotte Bennett, an annuity of £10, in addition to a former provision." The Queen Bee.—The latest account we have of the immigrant ship Queen Bee is that on November 25 she was lying off Plymouth, and had 31S souls ou board, which was within a few of her fuif complement. The final muster had not taken place, but she was to sail 011 the following day. Among the immigrants on board were a number of miners for Wallaroo. The Matilda Atheling.—The Matilda Athe ling, a list of wlioce immigrants we publish else where, originally sailed on November 16, hut was driven hack by a violent gale 011 the 20th. She lay off Plymouth till the 22ud, when she finally sailed, as already reported. , The South-Western District.—Between the months of October and December last year pre ferential right orders for large tracts of country, extending from a point about 60 miles west of Fowler's Bay to tlie boundary of the colony (120 miles west of the Great Australian Bight), were taken out by several Melbourne gentlemen. We find upon tlie Government maps about 3,000 square miles assigned to Messrs. Degraves & Davis, 2,000 to Mr. G. C. .Levey, 2,000 to Dir. S. c! Chandler, 500 to Mr. J. B. Motherwell, and 500 to Mr. J. F. Fraser. The blocks thus taken do not, with the exception of a few near the boundary line, abut upon the sea, the frontage liavin*' been before taken up by the Hon. John Baker and Air. Bounsevell; but they extend inland for an average distance of 100 miles. We believe that Air. Delisser, by whom the country was originally examined, and who has acted since for the AIcl bourne houses, is now upon the ground on their behalf; and a Alelbourne letter informs us that a vessel has been dispatched, or is to be dispatched immediately, with a party of men to prosecute the necessary search for water. If this should be found, the claims will be undoubtedly of great value; and we wish every success to those who are interested. This includes several South Australian colonists as well as our Melbourne friends, for besides tlie names we have mentioned there occur upon tlie maps several which are more familiar to us—as Elder, Smitli, & Co., Curr, Delisser and JjEackie, Laurie, Stow & Brodie, Nial, Wearing* Masson A Eymer. The country is said to be well grassed, and wanting only water. The Rev. S. Dotton Green.—The Church wardens and congregation of St. Barnabas's, Clare, have recently presented their late Incumbent, the Rev. S. Dutton Green, with the following address on the occasion of his intended departure for England ".Reverend.and Dear Sir-We understand that your contemplated departure for Adelaide on vour way to England takes place to-morrow, and we think it advisable and necessary that we should convey to you our opinion of jrour ministrations pastor ms tbe time you have been our "We have been your parishioners for a period verging on three years, and the most satisfactory hnv,re^ot0iay-ri . durln,S your stay here will be to » sta,e of tlie church when rou arrived amongst us and its present state. Tlren the pews were \acant am. untenanted, the church deserted. Now all the pews are ,nors Cil-"C(1 for' the church is full on each Sunday, and divine worship constantly at ^"dr?i y Vm?6 nul?Der °St,he residents in these if't! ^ —st Bfatifying and satisfactorv to vn-?. ^ i K.m ,a iar«e measure attributable W. \ cleanly and straightforward parisbioiiers. S° R an exaMple to Sour reL-rI e t th a tt h e connection between us is so soon to cease. We wish you and your family fcm1ryi-,:lI,plness for -tlle future, and we trust that soue- mies you will remember, with kindiv for these three pa™ yeais^''10m y°U have laboUtea TOton generally]'mC'15r;lrdena and by the c™' A. farewell address has been presented bv the Churchwardens, communicants, and attendants of . lUarfc -S Penwortham. of which church, in con junction with that at Clare, Mr. Green has held the incumbency from September 4,1S62. To these gratifying testimonials the rev. gentleman replied in suitable terms. We understand that Air. and Mrs Green will proceed to England with their family by the City of Adelaide. —The y!EV" CH1AS- AIabryat.—The Kev. Canon Alarryat Incumbent of St. Paul'c, Port Adelaide, being about to visit England for a abort time, preached his valedictory sermon in the above church on Sunday evening, January 14. On Alon ffiiy a deputation, consisting of Dr. Duncan, the Hon. J. Hart, Captain Douglas, and others, waited on him, and Dr.. Duncan presented him with the following address, which was neatly engrossed on parchment:— "Tof ,Ma«rat, Jf. A._ IucumheDt °f Bt' it ? S'1-Adelaide, and late of bt. Margaret's, Woodville. Reverend and Dear Sir—On the eve nf rn-ir departure .for a short visit to England, we are ?,US' tiJe n?'ue of.lile, congregations which "''b you a pleasant vovage and a ■■urn, that Pa,rt of •vour fa»»ly f'oni 11 3 on haic been so long separated, and to ??f,ure -A s'la'f f°°^ forward to your iF-T}1 *he greatest pleasure. iA ^ractous providence of Almighty God —the bather, the Son, and the Holy Ghost-be with you to increase your happiness, to guide you ev£fcLg£y aud fZr The document was signed by theSeJect Vestrymen, Synodsmen, and Wardens of St. Paul's and St. Margaret's on behalf of the congregations. Dr. Duncan also presented the rev. gentleman with a silver car/lease ami Mrs. Alarryat. with a silver scent-bottle of colonial design and workmanship. Air. Alarryat acknowledged the gifts and the address in suitable terms. A deputation from the Port Adelaide \oung Alens Association also par-lim^'iitt!le followitlK address, engrossed on "Toth^Rev C. Marryat, President of the Port a ^en s Association. *««»«! i and Dear Sir—We the undersicned vou uf le-ivl ib» ?Ve Association, cannot allow ^ ^ Iea\e the colony, even for the short timp without taking a hearty ?areweh 01 jou. The Society winch we compose owes its exertfonT -fl l'res£"t e(iicient condition to your utiririn"to'™ }°"r constant attention and unt.ring zeal have been, we are convinced most beneficial,.and we doubt not but that mucii good will result from your efforts on our behalf On ,w _in ? US lI}crease(J in numbers, improved ^formation, earnest in the pursuit of th#» end for which.you formed the So™ Many wish you a sate journey and a speedy return, but &xssss-a; tie p» ss The address was accompanied by a silver inkstand cf veij beautiful design. These were also acknow- ' ledged in an appropriate speech. The rev gen tleman and his family left the port in the Eleanor, w h.cii conveyed the passengers to tlie Alurray, and was accompanied by several friends. Air. Alarryat has been Incumbent of St, Paul's, Port Adelaide seven years, and has become endeared to liis con gregation and respected by his neighbours. The Rev J s. Jackson.—The intended de parture by the Alurray, for England, of the Rev. J Stuart Jackson, ALA, late incumbent of St. Peters Church, Glenelg, has been signalized by several valedictory meetings, of which a member of the rev. gentleman's congregation has favoured I1-? r i'i'f f°"m™ltr Particular;-" On December U the Bible Class connected with the Temperance Society at Gietieig presented to Air. Jackson an address, accompanied by a colonial-made inkstand (manufactured by Air. Steiuer), an emu's egg set in silver, on which was engraved a snitabJe inscrip tion. On January 1 the teachers and children of ibe Suii Church presented linn with a silver jug with an inscription. On Wednesday evening, Jauuaiy 4, several of the clergy met at St. Paul's Parsonage, Adelaide, and presented a silver pocket communion service, and a gold telescope pencil-case and pen holder. On the plate B-as inscribed 'The Rev. J. Stuart Jackson, ALA.; a parting gift from a fewof his brethren in the diocese.—January, IS-;5.- On January 13 Air. Jackson was invited to meet a deputation from his late congregation, when he was presented with the following address at, T„ i Gien December 31, 1S64. ,, ^ e cannot allow you to Ivoii fi i -o °lie™£T you an aflectionatc fare li H'.i } alucer? icgret we have learned that the pastoral tie which has so long connected you with us is so soon to be severed. ' „ /?," we 1,la,ve llad a pastor'in the fullest sense of the word, for you have not only in diligent visitation sought out the members of your flock, hnw wn ,aif 11' -VOUn I'erso,la! example shown us how w c ought to walk so as to please God. We set a high value on your public instructions, and feel assured that the living evidences of vour faithful '' The nmSI-',VS wlI1,I°nff ™utiuueto survive, iue practical rcsubs of vour ininistrv are obvious to the most casual" observer—in the enlargement of j,he church, in a greatly increased n" ^ Sunday-school maintained effidenJv Thfo^ suI>erintendcnce with great Ti .n members of your flock owe wbh-h mo I ,, s3'stem of district visitation organized and-maintained; and insensible to the advantage you have self demdiioneffn S1 P-ac? by your un " ,, s 1,1 t,lle cause of temperance, as a m m V ,,',w?, ave- learned to esteem you as a man. lou have in your owu person gentleman taf ch,aracter of. a Christian and a to,,,Uo?,,DJ by '? hai>»y umon of firmness and I ?nd a,n . evi|lent and transparent T sl™P.1.11clty of character. We are he'irnwrt vllfw'i y and unhameably you have 1 oo .ita among us;' how you ' have been 1 us' von T to "iii- v affectionately desirous of ftlwajs been, ami4 how willing to haie imparted to us not the Gospel of God only ' acquired Yourmi"istry has therefore MTthfhK all Pmrer"'hjdl is the ^hest ! h" ^'edo iD?ee,i ,rc£r,et that the time of parting : will ffiwDvr v!iUest Wishcs for your "u'fare I will roiion you wlnthorsoevcr you may go We j praj Go.l to hless j'ou, and make you a blessing to i others, even as^you have been to us. ar.^ v^y sincerely yours. "Ti.» p *V y t 9on8reRati°n-l * | Tlie li-v, J. btuart Jackson, ALA." The address was elegantly written on parch ! ment, and signed by nearly every member of the congregation. Along with it was presented a handsome silver salver, bearing this inscription Presented to the Rev. J. Stuart Jackson. AI.A., by the congregation of St. Peter's Church, Glenelg, South Australia, on his leaving the colony, January 1805." Air. Jackson has officiated at i Glenelg for about five years, and lie leaves the | colony with the best and kindest wishes of i all who have had the pleasure of his ac quaintance. | Board of Education.—The usual fortnightly i jueeting of the Board of Education was to have been held on Alonday, January 16; hut inconse queuce of there being an insufficient number ot w^oiSnt 40 f0rm a qu°rum*the meetins Musical Entertainment. — It is seldom that the Adelaide public have an opportunity of hearing higli-class vocal music rendered by pio fessional singers, whose natural talents and acquired accomplishments are much above mediocrity. Poussard and Douay were unrivalled as instrumentalists; the Christy Minstrels ex celled in glee and light chorus; and we have occa sionally opportunities of attending eveuing con certs, at which some of the massive choruses ef the greatest composers in the world are creditably per- ( formed by a combined orchestra of vocalists and instrumentalists. But the soiree muxicale of Wednesday was of quite a different cliaiacter. The only performers were Madame Caiandini, Miss Chalker, Mr. Farquharson, and Mr. Sher man. But they were a host in them selves. As they are all known to the public of South Australia it is unnecessary to dilate upon their respective merits. We may just state, how ever, that Madame Carandini retains all those marvellous powers of vocalization which were so much admired on her last visit to Adelaide some years ago, and that- in her style of singing site lias very considerably improved. Her control over her voice is as complete as that of a ventriloquist, and her influence upon the audience irresistible. With her thrilling notes still lingering on the ear, we are disposed to say respecting the singing of this gifted lady what perhaps would be thought extravagant eulogy. We are sure, however, that those who were present will endorse our opinion when we apply to Madame Carandiui's singing the somewhat high-sounding adjective "mag nificent." Miss Chalker sang several very pretty songs during the evening, con piaeevolezza, and was honoured with an encore. Her most success ful effort was, we think, her rendering of the pleasing melody, " Sweet spirit, hear my prayer." Mr. Farquharson is as great a musical enthusiast as ever. His fiue trumpet-toned voice 'mug. gloriously in Handel's wild and rugged recitative and air of the Cyclop Polyphemus, " O ruddier than the cherry," Russell's "Ship 011 Fire," and one or two other compositions of a similar character; whilst in buffo sougs and the more vivacious selections from the Italian Opera his thorough comprehension of the composer's style made itself conspicuous in every bar. Mr. Farquharson is no literal inter preter. He is net content with mere "correct j singing." He tabes what a mere pedantic critic would perhaps denounce as unwarrantable liberties i wi'h the composer's productions; but lie never does so without reason, or in violation of good j taste. Some peculiar excellence or striking effect j is the invariable result.' Mr. Sherwin sustained ! his parts in solo, duet, trio, and quartette admirably. Early in the evening his voice I sounded somewhat huskily (we do not know of a better word to express the peculiarity we refer to); i hut this"slight defect passed away before the enter- ' taiument was half over, and we think that in every succeeding piece he rose in the estimation of the audience. In consequence of the length of the ! programme a-.d the frequent encores the concert I was not over till after 11 o'clock. We liad almost forgotten to mention that there were about 400 persons present. j Lecture —On Wednesday evening, January IS, a lecture on " The new Discoveries in connection with the Chemistry of Nitrogen and its Com pounds" was delivered by the ltev. J. Maughan, 1 in the lecture-room adjoining the Methodist New Connexion Church, Franklin-street. The atten dance was tolerably large. After singing and prayer, Mr. Kingsiey, who presided, introduced the rev. lecturer, who commenced by giving the deri vation of the word uitrogen and describing the component parts of atmospheric air. The rev. lecturer then illustrated the properties of oxygen by the combustion of a number of wires coiled together in a jarfillcdwithpureoxygengas. After separating the nitrogen from the oxygen lie pro ceeded to give some successful illustrations of the peculiar qualities of nitrogen, and of its indis pensableness as an ingiedieut in the growth of the vegetable system, remarking, too, that in conse quence our food is largely impregnated with this element which plays so important a part in both animal and vegetable physiology. Such food as would thoroughly repair waste contained nitro genous and carbonaceous qualities, the pre ponderance of one of which would propor tionately derange the health of the recipient. It was in connection with these facts that Mr. Banting published his cure for cor pulency, little suspecting that chemists had long known the effect of the course of treatment he pre scribes. The rev. lecturer here scientifically and humorously illustrated Mr. Banting's theory. He then sho wed that apparently passive and colourless nitrogen produced under certain circumstances most dangerous results, though when carefully experimented upon formed some of the most useful and interesting studies in chemistry. After explaining the ingredients composing iodide of nitrogen, nitric acid, ammonia, hartshorn, and protoxide of nitrogen, or, as it is commonly termed, ! "laughing gas," the rcWgentleman demonstrated | the existence of certain properties in these sub stances iu a variety of highly interesting experi ments, one of which, by its unexpectedness and premature explosion, added to the interest excited by the rev. lecturer's clear description of the prin ciples involved iu the experiments. He said ammonia consisted of 14 parts of nitrogen to three of oxygen, which accounted for its explosive properties. The rev. gentleman then stated that up to the last two years agricul tural chemists, though well aware of the action of nitrogen upon the growth of plants, were quite unable to detect its mode of action. Various sur mises had been formed, hut none offered a satis factory solution to the mystery till the German chemist Schonbein demonstrated iu a variety of extremely interesting experiments the fact that nitrate of ammonia was produced in large quan tities from the nitrogen of the atmosphere iu the process of evaporation. Tiiis could be easily proved by boiiiug water iu an uncovered vessel and upon coudensingthe vapour thus formed on a I sheet of filtering-paper, or very fiue calico, a liquid | would he produced, which upon being analyzed would he found to contain nitrate of ammonia, the quantity of which would he proportioned to the extensiveness of means employed in the experi ment. He said the importance and usefulness of these discoveries could not he overrated by students of agricultural chemistry, as they clearly showed that soils were constantly being furnished with ammonia from the atmosphere in the process of evaporation, and this accounted for the pecu liarly that in tropica! climates vegetation is so luxuriant. He also explained that one of the chief ingredients of manure was nitrogen, without which it would be almost useless when applied to the enrichment of impoverished soils. He also said that these discoveries iu chemistry should be doubly interesting to the inhabitants of a rich agricultural country like this; and 1 he also advised colonial farmers to attend cx- ! clusively, except iu special cases, to furnishing their lands with purely mineral ingredients, such I as the phosphates and carbonates of soda, mag nesia, lime, and potash, especially as naturesupp'ied such an abundance of ammoniacal manure. The rev. gentleman concluded a most interesting lec ture with a brilliant experiment demonstrating the combustibility ef oxygen. After several questions I had been asked by the audience, and satisfactorily replied to, the proceedings terminated with prayer. Heedbeds Cavjlbv. — The following are the I scores made by 10 members of the Heedbeds ] Cavalry, at the fi;st firing of the series for Go vernment prizes, made at the Company's Butts, ! Heedbeds, on Friday, January 13. Ranges—260, 300, 500, and COO yards; 10 rounds at each:— , Yards— N 2(i0. 300. 500. 000. TL 27 25 °2 10 90 22 20 20 11 73 18 21 (i 3 48 30 22 24 IS 94 £4 21 13 10 74 23 15 22 10 81 25 2(i 15 15 81 £7 20 15 13 73 19 23 4 72 20 24 17 9 70 Capt. Ferguson Sergt. Jones Trooper Bailey Fox llemmingway... Norman Prettvjolui C. White Williams Merchant It will thus be seen that the first prize was gained j by Trooper Fox, the second by Captain Ferguson, and the third by Trooper PreLlyjolm. Trooper Norman, who was suffering from had eyes, made a tie with Trooper Prcttyjobn, hut as the latter had made fewer misses, the prize fell to his lot, ■ Captain Ferguson, Sergeant Jones, and Troopers Fox. Hemmingway, Norman, Prettyjolm, aud C. White, are the members of the corps qualified to | fire in the second series for Government prizes. Central Eoad Board.—The last meeting of the present members of the Central Koad Board took place on Tuesday, January 17. All the Com missioners were present, and a considerable amount of ordinary business was transacted. An intimation was given that the Stsiirmman Jones, against whom various charges had been preferred ! by Mr. Seagar, had resigned; and a report was sent in by Mr. Macaulay, embodying recom mendations as to the way in which the special grant of £10,000 for the repair of roads struck oil" tho | schedule of main lines should be laid-"out. This I document was ordered to be sent on to the Com-1 inissicner of Public Works' Cilice. I Society of Arts.—The distribution of the ! prizes awarded by the Judges took place on ' Tuesday evening. His Excellency Sir Domiuick Daly presided, and the proceedings were very interesting to all present. i Mount Remarkable Races.—We ohserve that the Mount Remarkable iacos, which take place on the 1st and 2nd February next, will be run in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Adelaide Jockey Club. 1 Population.—The following passengers were reported for the week ended I4th January at Port Adelaide;—Inwards—Men, 51; women, 2!); hoys, 7; girls, 5. Outwards—Men, 42; women, 20; hoys, 4; girls, 7, Coast Defences.—We understand that Lieut. Colonel Mayo has been requested by the Govern ment to act as one of the Commissioners charged with enquiring into and reporting upon the most effectual means of defending the coast in event of invasion; but we are not informed at present as to the gallant officer's willingness to undertake | the duty. Suburban and Country Institutes.—A notice I has been issued by the Chief Secretary that the vote on the Estimates for lStii-5 iu aid of suburban and country Institutes will be apportioned in ] sums not exceeding £75 nor less than £10—the maximum to Institutes whose incomes for the year ended June 30, 1S64, shall have amounted to £150 or upwards, the minimum to those whose incomes shall have amounted to £2\ and pro rata for intermediate incom s. Forms of application can be obtained up to 11th March next from the j Secretary to the Board of Governors of the South Australian Institute. Should the total amount claimed exceed the sum available, a proportionate | reduction will be made in each grant. At,best Bells Fund.—Letters have been re ceived by the last mail addressed to Mr. A. Hay j and the Town Clerk, Mr. W. A. Hughes, from Mr. Faulding and Mr. G. S. Walters, Agent-General. It appears from this correspondence that although ] circulars were addressed to gentlemen connected with or interested in South Australia soliciting | contributions to the Albert Bells Fund, the appeal , was but feebly responded to. The following sub- | scriptions are acknowledged:—Mr. F. H. Dutton, £10; Mr. W. Paxton, £5; Mr. John Waterhouse, £5; and Mr. G. S. Walters, £2. A draft on the National Bank for £16 10s. has been forwarded, being the amount, less charges, collected. It is understood also that Mr. A. Scott is empowered to pay £5 on account of Mr. David Power's sub scription, and a similar sum is at any moment available on account of Mr. Faulding. Entertainment to Captain Bruce. — A number of friends of Captain Bruce, late of the ] Irene, and now of the new ship City of Adelaide, on the berth for London, entertained that gentle- j man at the Prince of Wales Hotel, Angas-street, on Thursday afternoon. A first-rate spread, such as Mr. Aldridge is celebrated for, was provided, in j which exquisitely prepared v lauds, choice wines, and capital attendance secured the enjoyment of 1 all present. Mr. W. Townsend, M.P. and Mayor of Adelaide, presided, he having consented to take | that post on the receipt of an apology from Mr. G. Young, who had been expected to take the | chair. Apologies were read also from Mr. B. S. Hall, and Mr. BL E. Bright, of Gawler Town. When | the cloth was removed the Chairman proposed the usual loyal toasts, which were duly honoured. He j then called for bumpers of champagne, and pro posed the health of the guest of the day. This toast I was enthusiastically responded to by the company with musical honours. Several gentlemen who had been passengers in the Irene or City of Adelaide uuderCaptainBruce'scommand, and others whose j wives and families had been taken to England or brought back to the colony by Captain Bruce, bore flattering testimony to his urbanity as a gentleman 1 and his skill as a seaman. In returning thanks. Cap- I tain Bruce referred to his new ship, which is, he I said, so much to his satisfaction that if he had to order the building of another he could suggest no alterations or improvement. He was happy to say she was fully laden with cargo and passengers, and lie trusted to give as much satisfaction with her to shippers and passengers as he had with the Irene. Several other toasts were drunk, including the 1 healths of the officers of the City of Adelaide, the ' Mayor of Adelaide, and that of the ex-Mayor, Mr. S. Goode. Altogether the affair was a most I pleasant one to those present, and must have ] been particularly gratifying to Captain Bruce. Valedictory Entertainment. —On Thursday j eveuiug the employes in the establishment of ] Messrs. D. & J. Fowler were entertained at Barron'i Dining Booms to a supper, given by that firm, on I the occasion of the senior partner (Mr. D. Fowler) J leaving for his native land per City of Adelaide. After the viands, which gave every satisfaction, had been discussed and the cloth removed, Mr. Boundy read the following address, which was | beautifully engrossed and framed:— "Adelaide, South Australia, "January 13, IS65. ".Respected and Dear Sir—Your iuteudeddepar ture from this colony on a visit to your native laud is an event which we cannot allow to pass without tendering to you some faiut expression of the feelings we entertain towards you, not only in your capacity of employer, but in every affair of your life—public or private—in which we have had opportunities of witnessing your conduct. The high principles which have guided you in all your transactions have won for you the esteem and respect of your fellow-tradesmen, and of all with whom you have been connected; while your public acts have been marked by strict integrity and unrightness. "We also desire to record our appreciation of your earnest endeavours to promote the religious ' and social welfare of your fellow-colonists, together with the ready sympathy and help you have accorded to all who have sought your advice or assistance. , " We trust that you, with your esteemed lady" and family, may be protected and guided in safety I to your destination, and that the beneficial results 1 of your voyage may be equal to your most sanguine anticipations. "Your employes in South Australia, in soliciting your acceptance of the accompanyiug trifle as a small memento of their regard, beg you to accept their best wishes for your health, happiness, and prosperity. " David Fowler, Esq." Mr. Kingsley, in presenting the testimonial, referred to the unostentatious retiring character of Mr. D. Fowler, and stated that any fulsome flattering remarks to that gentleman would be as unacceptable as tlsey would be out of place on such an occasion, and concluded in expressing, on" behalf of his fellow-assistants, their most sincere wishes for his future welfare, and finished in pro posing his health and happiness. Mr, D. Fowler, in replying, stated that speech-making was not his forte, and on the present occasion would be out of I place; that while his chief aim was success in ' business, he had always endeavoured to please and I gain the goodwill of those in his employ. It was I his desire to see all succeed, as he was thankful to say he had; and impressed on those present the I necessity of each feeling his own responsibility, [ and to do his best. He bad confidence in those in his employ, and could with the greatest satisfac tion leave the business of the firm in the hands of his brother. With reference to Ids departure, he said there were ties here that were Dot easily severed; but Ms desire was to see his parent, friends, and native land once more. He preferred the quiet I and private way of enjoying themselves in thus | taking leave to the more public and recognised ( plan. Affectionate counsel and advice were given in the kindest manner, and lie asked to be ex cused for referring on that occasion to the uncertainty of life, as it was possible that some j there might never meet again, and consequently the necessit.v for a preparation for another world, and concluded a very feeling speech, expressing ! his sincere wish for their present and' future ! | welfare. Mr. Stobie, one of the late cm j ployfe, then rose and presented Mr. Fowler with a very hauilsome and chaste article of colonial | [ workmansMp (by Wendt, of EuniUc-street), and in doing so expressed the hope to see Mm | back again, and on behalf of those pre-ent j asked his acceptance of that memento of their esteem aud affection. Mr. Fotv'er, on rising, said j he could only thank them again, and was proud and glad at seeing his late assistants in the position they now occupied, and the success attending their perseverance and industry. The health of Mr. G. Fowler and an expression of welcome were cor dially given on the occasion of his return from ; England, the continued success aud prosperity of | the firm being coupled with the toast, which was duly acknowledged. Mr. E. Warning, on rising, said that the speeches that far had been, so to I speak, from tlie House of Lords; be o.i behalf of | the Commons desired to contribute his meed of praise to their worthy employer, who was about to leave them, and in also wishing him God speed, and a safe voyage, trusting to see him back at no ] distant period. The healths of Mrs. D. Fowler j and family and Mrs. G. Fowler having been given and responded to, the whole company rose and joined hands in singing "Auld Lang Syne.'" In conclusion we may state that the eveniug's enter-1 tainment was of the most pleasant aud liappy character, and was interspersed with songs and ] recitations by Messrs. D. Stobie, Claucey, Warning, Preston, aud Kingsley, and the chorus "For he's a jolly good fellow" woundup a very | pleasant and joyous meeting. Burning of a Ship at Sea.—The Argus says1 " We are requested by Captain Duncan, of the ship I Coleroon, to insert the following statement of the , circumstances connected with the sighting of a t burning ship during the Coleroon's recent voyage j from London. Captain Duncan saysTuesday. \- November 22, lat. 2S° 17' south, long. 23° 50' west, ! at 8 a.m. a large sliip was seen to southwest, ncaily hull down, with three royal yards aloft. All her sails were furled but the foretopsail and the foretopmasl staysail. At noon there was a calm, with occasional light airs. We unbent our old | sails, and bent new ones. At 5 p.m. all the sails were bent. The ship to westward was still in the same state. We supposed she had been j repairing sails, or did not wish to set them. There were no signals flying at the lime. Another large ship was seen coming up direct for iter, aud to windward of her about five miles, while at the same time a large doublc-topsailyard barque was ! astern, parallel with the ship in question, and i would pass her within hail. The day before, tha j Co'teroon passed five vessels steering in the same ! course, which would pass her also. Now, on ■ referring to the Eg, we should he two miles to leeward; but although at that distance, hluelights were fired from the Coleroon. Next day a sail came up with us. hut too far off to signalize. By the course she was steering then, she would have left the sMpiright astern. With these ships about her I saw no good in beating up to windward, knowing she had any amount of assistance avail able." ' Astronomical.—A correspondent informs us tbat a comet is now visible towards the south-west in the evening, and tbat it sets at about ^o'clock. We shall be glad to receive further particulars from those of our readers who may have observed this unexpected visitant. Drought in the North.—The letter of our own correspondent at Mount Scrle gives an appal ling account of the mortality amongst sheep and cattle on Northern runs, in consequence of the dearth of food occasioned by the long-continued absence of rain. Suicide at Mount Remarkable.—From a private letter written at Mount Remarkable we learn that a woman on Mr- Angas's run, said to be the wife of a shepherd, had poisoned herself by means of strychnine on Sunday, January 15, After the persons on the station had become acquainted with the fact that she had swallowed the deadly dose, they used their utmost endeavours to counter act its effects, but in vain, as the woman seemed bent on self-destruction. An inquest into the circumstances was to be held the same night. Singular "Casualties."— In the report of the Immigration Agent, which is published else where, it is stated that one death and two births were the only, casualties which occured on board the Bockliff immigrant ship during the voyage from England. Railway Signal.—Ml Charles William Alien, Postmaster atHoddesdon, Herts, who was formerly well known in Adelaide, has invented a new or improved arrangement or mechanism for commu nicating between any passenger and the guard and engine-driver of a railway train. It is spoken of favourably in the Builder and the Illustrated Times. The invention consists of a pair of anna or shutters fitted with springs, and affixed, to the outside of each compartment of a railway carriage, which are held in their positions by a rod passing over the seat. This rod is made sufficiency strong to prevent any person injuring the signal, which, when required in case of accident or otherwise, needs only to he moved in any direction, when the arm or shutter is immediately disengaged and stands out at right angles to the side of the car nage, so that it can readily be seen by the driver in front or by the guard at the rear of the train. The invention includes an arrangement for allow ing the light to he reflected on both sides of the shutter by night, and in other respects appears .to combine the elements of simplicity And efficiency. The Accident is .Franklin-street.—In the Observer of the 31st December there appeared, under the head " Serious Accident," 'particulars of a collision in Franklin-street, by which Mr. Hunt, fanner, of Myponga, was knocked do&n; and run over by the wheel of a trap driven by Mr. Marshall, of Bundle-street. We have seen a letter, dated January 15, toMr.Woltmann.of the Bristol Tavern, thanking him for the great care and kindness bestowed on Mr. Hunt after the accident." The letter complains that the horse lent by Mr - Mar shall to convey Mr. Hunt home was very difficult to manage and turned restive on several occisiefis, so much so as to place Mr. Hunt in -great.addi tional danger. The case is likely to be a very serious one. Mr. Hunt is not only under medical treatment, but no prospect of immediate recovery is held out to him. His head was greatly injured, and an artery that was cut recommenced bleeding, and the poor man was exhausted from depletion before the arrival of the doctor, who had to sew up the wounded blood-vessel. Since then other symptoms of a distressing nature have set in. and altogether it was a most unfortunate affair for Mr. Hunt. ■ The Fire at Mitcham—This conflagration which occurred on Tuesday afternoon appears to have originated on the land late in the occupation of the Hon. Edward Stirling, speedily communi cating with the fence and grounds the property of Mr. Richard Hicks. A westerly breeze, which veered about during the fire, carried the blaring fences all before it up to the residence of the late Hon. Edward Stirling, now unoccupied. The roof of one of the outbuildings caught fire, and but for the most determined efforts the whole of the outhouses must have come down, and the residence have been imperilled. The flames continued their course, carrying the live fence and post and rail all before it, crossing the road which divides the properly of Messrs. Stirling, Hicks, and Hardy, making in a direction towards Mr. Alfred Hardy's and Mr. Smedley's; but by dint of effort and the advantage of a wide road it was beaten out, and stayed in its course hillwards. The fire continued to burn all night on the Urrbrae Estate, consuming many fine trees, a quantity of fencing, besides a considerable area of grass, with injury to fruit trees and vines. Mr. Richard Hicks; the men in his employ, and many others were doing their best to quell the fire until past midnight, and the utmost praise is due to the inhabitants of the entire neighbourhood for their hearty and successful efforts with water-carts, &c.;, in bringing the fire under control. A number of large trees are still burning out. The working men from Glen Osmond quarries, from Mitcham, Fullarton, and the entire neighbourhood were quickly on the spot, and well deserve some recognition of their true-Briton-Iike services, but for whose aid there is no telling how far the fire might have extended. It ought not to be omitted stating that some half-dozen females were seen doing what they could in carrying water, and otherwise lending a helping hand. Import and Export of Live Stock.—During the quarter ended December 31,18G4, there were imported from New South Wales 2,859 sheep, 505 cattle, and <50 horses. From Victoria, 15,122 sheep, 12S cattle, and 50 horses. Exported" during the same period to New South Wales 47,750 sheep (including 600 rams). Victoria, by Overland Corner, 74,237 sheep (including 1,026 rams); by the South-Eastern District 13,750 sheep. Excess of exports, 118,565 sheep; excess of imports, 633 cattle and 110 horses. South Australian Silver Work.—The following notice of the silversmith's work sent from Adelaide for exhibition at Dunedin appeared in the O.'ago Bails Times of December 23. " It must be very gratifying to Air. Wendt, of Bundle, street; to see such honourable testimony to the beauty.of design and elaborate finish of his work manship in a New Zealand journal It' is, we think, to he regretted that other South Australian artist-mechanics do not (follow Air. Weudt's ex ample, and send specimens of their admitted AiH to the Dunedin Exhibition:—"Conspicuousamong the exhibits at the forthcoming Exhibition will be found some articles of silver ware frqm Adelaide, which for elegance of design and beauty and delicacy of finish are of the highest order of excellence. They consist of candelabra, inkstand, claret jug, and a few smaller articles, from the establishment of Air. J. Af. Wendt, jeweller of Adelaide, and are consigned to the care of Air. Lazar. We defer a description "of them until a more fitting opportunity." Thunderstorm at King George's SouifD, The following is from out own correspondent": "The town of Albany, King George's Sound, was visited by a very severe thunderatonn at 6 a m. , on the 6th instant. Several persons were affected by the lightning, hut most fortu nately, with the exception of cue nv.n, the cases are not serious. His name is Prior, and from below the waist he is completely paralyzed, and rot expected to recover. A flagstaff'on the Parade was shivered to atoms aud several houses injured." Railway Traffic.—The traffic on tho Australian Railways for tiie week ended January 14 was:—Port Line—Passengers, 6,115; fares, £305 l«s. 8d.; goods. £557 Is. Id. North Line— Passengers—1,761; fares, £435 14s. 10d.; goods. £2,01S 8s. 3d. Total, £3,318 Os. lOd. Oddf; llcwship. — The Annual Committee meeting of the South Australian District, LO.O.F., ALU., was held on Tuesday, January 17, at the Adelaide Lodgeroom. There were present the District Officers and 72 delegates from different Lodges. The annual election of officers resulted as foflows:—Gjand Master, D. Litligow; Deputy Treasurer. P.P.G.M. Pritcliard. The Grand Alastcr's annual statement showed an increase in the funds during the past year of £4.500, aud the number of members had increased from 6,03(1 to fi77S. A testimonial vw voted to P.P.G.AL Showing for past services. A large amount of general business was transacted, aud the meeting did not break up till past t o'clock. Ocean Race.—A correspondent sends us the followiug:—"On Saturday, at 1.45 p.m., tlie steam, ship Dcrwent left Hobson's Bay for Hobart Town, and seven minutes afterwards the steamship Aldinga steamed off for Adelaide, and then com nicnced a trial of speed between what are gene rally acknowledged to be the two fastest boats in the colonies. On two or three former occasions, we believe, the aboveboatshave bada trial together, generally terminating slightly in favour of th« Aldinga, which on this occasion has fully sus tained her reputation of beiug the champion. When the Aldinga started the Derweut bada long lead, but when an hour had elapsed it was plainly to lie seen that her opponent was overhauling her. Gradually the gallant Aldinga ueared her op ponent, and as she became more distinct to the. view great excitement prevailed on hoard, and sundry small wagers were freely offered and taken. On neariug the Lightship the distance between the boats was small, and shortly before reaching the Heads the Aldinga was alongside the Dervrent, when the latter stopped for a boat, the passengers and crew giving three hearty cheers for the old 'Dir.ga' aud her captain." Theatrical.—Wc understand that Mr. A. J. Solomon, uotwithstandiug former kisses, intend* to reopen the theatre early in Alarch with a com pany selected by Air. Nathan, now on a profes sional tour through the colonies. An amateur performance is in course of rehearsal, aud will be announced shortly. The old Victorian company are now in Hobart Towu with Air. Jefferson; whoce Asa -Trenchard, and Mr. GreviUe's Lord Dub* dreary find great favour in the lasmanisn capital. 