A SPIRITED PROTEST. THE ghosts of Mr. BENJAMIN HALL and Mr. JOHNNY GILBERT called upon Mr. PUNCH the other night, just as the clock had struck twelve, to express their great annoyance that so little excitement had been caused by. the news of their death. When MORGAN was shot there was, they said, a universal ferment all over the colonies, and the newspapers were full of most interesting narratives of the event. Indeed, one newspaper in Melbourne had published an ,c extraordinary " on the arrival of the first telegram. The two ghosts, therefore, felt a good deal hurt, that, after having been talked about so much during their lives, they had been dismissed into Hades so unceremoniously, and they hoped Mi-. PUNCH would rescue their names from utter forgetfulness. It was grievous to think that nobody had even thought of cutting" off their heads, and cutting off with their beards. Even PROFESSOR WAX- WORKS had made no sign. Such neglect was enough to make them wish they had been honest all their lives, or that they had been eullenandferociouslike MORGAN. Mr. PuNCHassured the ghoststhat he sympathised with them, but perhaps some explanation might be offered of the apparent indifference with which the account of their deaths had been received, in that the novelty of the thing was past, and that it was becoming, he hoped, quite a common occurrence to kill bushrangers. He suggested that the ghosts might derive some consolation in the reflection that special mention had been made of their decease, although the accounts consisted of lines rather than columns. The time might come, however, when the practice of robber-shooting would be so common that it would not be thought necessary to make individual mention of those killed, telegrams being worded something after this fashion, "Eight bushrangers were killed to-day; their names are unknown." These remarks of Mr. PUNCH seemed quite to put the ghosts in spirits, and they brightened up with a cheerful blue expression; they said they had not considered things in the light in which Mr. PUNCH placed them; and it was a real comfort to feel that, however bad things were, they might be a great deal worse. They then took their leave, and Mr. PUNCH immediately summoned to his aid other spirits in the form of brandy hot, in order to get out of his mouth the taste of lucifer matches, which, in some unaccountable way, liad been communicated to his gustatory organs. 