THE SOUL OF EDUCATION. AN ESSAY. [FROM THE PROSE PEN OF THE WOOLLAHRA HERMIT.] (Concluded.) "He who cannot reason is a fool; he who dare not reason is a coward; he who will not reason is a bigot; but he who can and dare reason is a MAN." IN the rout of the French from Waterloo, a fugitive cowered beneath the flash of a Highlander's broadsword, crying out for mercy as best he could, in English, "Quatre! Quatre!" The Scot's laconic reply was, "Hoot awa, mon! halving is just as weel as quartering!" and so he halved him. I fear I must imi- tate Sawney's example. But in thus despatching the soul of my subject (vide the title), let it be remembered that an inquest on view of the body has yet to be recorded. The halves are sent, with my best respects, to the "twa provisional schools," just, with the notes appended, viz.:-- 1\. Stupifying the reason by overdosing the memory, makes parrots of pupils. 2\. Living ideas are better than ghosts of ancient lingos. 3\. Dogmas instead of truths are very dangerous substitutes. 4\. The burden of useless tasks is subversive of manly ambition. 5\. Duty applied to privilege is a senseless misnomer. 6\. Mind was never intended to shrivel in popular bonfires. 7\. Education that does not suggest original thought is deteriorating. 8\. Existing public modes have been tried and found wanting. Ergo--Point! What a chance for knights of the parrot plume to distinguish themselves in tilt and tournament. A goosequill is ready to re- ceive them. Sound, then, my herald, a call to the lists. Bring me at least a Denominational. Let there be a suspension of dotage pursuits for a gala of lances. Juvenile intellect, cloyed as it has been with stale honey and wrapped in the clara-obscure of its wax, needs some amusement. It will learn more from a tilt of this kind than from all your class-books. Do not bewilder beyond endurance the free-born spirit. Spirit? Ay, spirit (ruach, pneuma, spiritus), a term derived from the idea of in- fluence, primarily meaning air in motion, breath, wind. And would the professors bind this influence? As well chain down the restless force of volcanic action. Vent it must have, most reverend mentors, either for good or evil, somewhere. The metes and bounds of your faith and exegesis are simple gossamer threads. See how an independent mind leaps through them all, ha, ha, ha! Pardon the laugh! it is one of freedom escaped from college! It is one of the gushings-forth from many breath- ing fountains. The free are multiplying. If Government choose to patronise learning, let it do so without an expensive educational staff. Patronise independent schools, which are always preferable. But teachers ought to be trained, it is said. Four weeks' training in Fort-street? Looms, scissors, and needles! Is it possible this is eighteen hundred and sixty-five? Are we all lunatics? I know an old hermit whom the oriental notion of bowing to popular idols affects not. Though every other man in existence should ride the hobby, he will not join in the popular chorus of "Hey O, Dobbin!" Substitutes for Truth oft flourish Where the beau ideal dwindles; So the lens itself may perish In the very blaze it kindles. Error is the aptest food For combustion, and the lightest Shavings from the softest wood Burn the quickest and the brightest. Fashionable circles ever Cheer th' accommodating preacher: Popularity was never Promis'd to the truthful teacher. Still, whatever else you term it, Truth is truth to men of kidney, And there are, besides our hermit, Many thinking men in Sydney. The world caresses the rich however deficient in intellect and morals, and avoids the poor man of merit in his threadbare coat. Why are blacksmiths the most discontented of tradesmen? Because they are always on the strike for wages. Persons complain that they cannot find words for their thoughts, when the real trouble is they cannot find thoughts f or their words. 