GAWLEB. j [Correspondent.] May 4. An entertainment waa given in the Oddfellows' Hall, GUwIer, last evening, by members of the G-awler Musical Society. At the hour appointed for com mencement the large room was well filled with a respectable audience. Mr. Duffield took the ehair, and opened the proceedings with a short speech, stating the object of the meeting, when he said the G-awler Musical Society had always been ready to give their assistance to other Societies in the town when entertainments were got up ; and this was the first entertainment got up by themselves, and great kindness was shown by them in thia instance, for half of the proceeds were to go towards the StorekeeDera' Assistants' Association of Gawler — an Association which has secured, through the kind ness of the employers, the early closing movement, so that these young men can now have the evening for improvement. The programme, which consisted of music, interspersed with a few recitations, waa then commenced by Messrs. Wright, Livesay, and Filsel, giving the ' Chough and Crow,' the Society joining the chorus ; ' Arm, South Austra lians, Arm,' by Mr. Benson, with chorus, next, when Dr. Nottgave the ' Last Man' (Campbell) ; solo and quintette, ' Oh gently breathe,' by Mr. LiveBay ; followed by the Musical Society giving the ' Hunts man's Chorus.' Mr. Benson recited ' Lenore,' by Poe ; when MeBsra. Saint and Livesay sang the pretty duett, ' Flow on thou shining river.' Mr. Roberta followed with Hood's ' Son? of the ShirL' which brought down an encore, and he then gave the ' Bridge of Sighs ' in excellent style. The first part was brought to a conclusion by the Gawler Musical Society giving the chorus, ' Foresters sound the cheerful horn.' After an interval of 15 minutes, the second part commenced with 'Hail, smiling morn,' by the' Gawler Musical Society ; Mr. Saint followed with ' Come where my love lies dreaming.' Dr. Nott gave the recitation of Dr. Mackay ' On water and wine drinking,' and Umpire's reply, which was encored, when the Doctor gave the ' Wan dering Minstrel.' A trij, ' Fair Flora decks,' was then given by Messrs. Wright, Saint, and Filsel ; solo and chorus, ' Toll the bell,' by Mr. Benson followed ; when Mr. Livesay recited the ' Fruiter's Ghost.' A duet followed by Messrs. Saint and Filsel, ' Voices of the night.' Mr. Roberts then recited Tennyson's ' Light Brigade,' which drew forth another encore, when he gave another fine piece. The chorus ' Here in cool grot,' by the Musical Society, was the last piece. Mr. J. S. Bains ford was the conductor, and most ably presided at the piano. The Rev. Canon Coombs in a neat speech on behalf of the Storekeepers' Assistants of Gawler, thanked the Gawler Musical, Class for their great assistance, and also the company for their attendance on this occasion. Mr. B. L. Grundy most ably seconded, and it was carried nem. con. JVLr. Thomas Lindon returned thanks. Mr. H. E. Bright, M.P., proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman, Mr. Duffield. Mr. Edson seconded. The vote was unanimous. Mr. Duffield returned thanks. The National Anthem closed the proceedings, and taking into consideration the entertainment was by amateurs, and mostly by working men, it was quite a success. Mr. Ashton'e second evening's entertainment here was, notwithstanding a thoroughly rainy afternoon, well attecded, the performances affording great satis faction. Mr. Aahton remarked, that in all his journeyings throughout the Austraiias he has nowhere met with better adapted accommodation and attention than in Gawler. 