MR. M'CULLOCH AT CRANBOURNE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-This Chief Secretary, in addressing; the electors of Mornington at Cranbourne, is reported by you to have stated '' And next, how have we violated free trade? We are removing certain duties from goods which are consumed by the bulk of the people of this country, and placing them on other goods consumed by the people. The duty . upon tea is something like forty or fifty per cent. We propose to reduce that by one half, and to lodge the amount by duties on other articles. Now, what can be the objection to that, so long as the new duties are not pro- hibitory ? If we do put the new duties on articles which can be manufactured in the colony, and an incidental advantage is thereby given to the home producer-if by putting on a small charge of five to ten per cent, on particular articles, an impetus is given to their production here is not that a decided advantage to the colony ?" I say, no, Mr. Chief Secretary, and for this simple, reason, that the consumer not only pays to the revenue the five or ten per cent., as the case may be, but he also pays to the local producer the five or ten per cent. upon such articles as may, by means of the tariff, - be manufactured in the colony ; or to put it more simply as man buys three pairs of boots a year ; if by means of the tariff one pair of those boots be manufactured in the colony, the purchaser pays to the revenue the five or ten per cent, upon two pairs ; upon the other pair he pays the same percentage to the local producer ; the percentage upon the two pairs represents what he gets by the revision of the tariff. But I fail to see what the consumer obtains from the five or ten percent, paid to the local producer, except it be the questionable satisfaction that his fellow-colonist engaged in making boots, when hitherto he has been, and might still be. more profitably employed. I from, Sir, your obedient servants FREE TRADER.. Dec. 20. Louis NAPOLEON AND MR. HOME When spirit rapping became fashionable, it found a protectress in the Countess Eugenie de, Montijo. Even at that early date she had an eye on Louis Napoleon, and took every opportunity of confirming herself in her lover's favour. She won over the red-haired ghost seer, Home, and induced him to perform a house occur before the President, which could not fail in its effect. owing to his fatalistic tendencies, Louis Napoleon once sent for Home and asked him whether he could evoke the spirit of the Emperor ? Home act his instruments in motion, and FOOU said that the Emperor's spirit was ready to answer. LOUIS Napoleon invited it to tell him some < thing about his future. Home twirled the pBjchograph, and the disk sent forth letters, out of which Home composed the two words Je month." This had been Louis Napoleon's motto in earlier years. But the psychograph produced two additional letters-an " i" and an"." This apparently was nonsense; for " months" had no meaning. Louis Napoleon, however, arranged the letters in his way, and they produced the word "Montijo" and that was the name of his lady love. The fatalist had sufficient matter for reflec- tion, and felt more attached than ever to Eugenie for it seemed to him an omen that her family name contained his motto of "Je monte." Napoleon the Third and in: Court, By a Retired Diplomatist. 