THE STOW MEMORIAL CHtTECH. The foundation-stone of a new sanctuary to be erected In memory of tbe Rev. Thomas Quinton Stow, was laid on Tuesday, February 7, 1865. There are so many sweet and pleasant associations olug tering around the name of Mr. Stow, that without the aid of any memorial church or monumental tablet, it wonld live for ages yet to come ; for his is ' One of the few, the immortal names That are not born to die.' - It is, however, necessary and fitting at times to give prac tical expression to the feelings of the heart ; and in rearing the Stow Memorial Churoh the friends of Mr. Stow are only testifying, tangibly and substantially, the esteem which they entertained toward* him daring his lifetime, and the reverence and affection whioh they still feel for the memory of one who was eo prominently great, and good, and useful. It may not perhaps be Inappropriate to give Borne few brief particulars of the life of him, whose name Is so inti mately connected with the present interesting event. Mr. Stow was born at Sadleigh, in Suffolk, on the 5th day of J uly, 1801, and must therefore have just passed his eiet year at the time of his death, which ocourred on tbe 19th of July, 1862\. Nothing or very little is known of him before the age of IT, when he commenced preaching the Gospel, He after wards entered the Missionary College, at Gosport, with a view of studying for and devoting his , 'life to tbe ministry. At this institution he waB nnder the training of Dr. Bogue, an able and experienced theologian. The first ehnroh he had under his pastoral care waB at Huntingford, in Hertford shire, and he afterwards accepted a oharge at HaUtead, in Eeeex, where he had a church and congregation as large as those whioh used to assemble at Freeman-street. Iu the year 183? he waB seleoted by the Colonial Missionary Society to establish the principles of Congregationalism, or rather of religion, in this colony ; and he would not have been chosen for the position had not hie talents, hla consistency, and his liberal Christian views, have marked him as the man mOBt fitted for the new sphere of labor whioh had just opened up. Hartley, accompanied by the late Mr. W. Giles and his family. He had brought out with him a tent, whioh he pitched on the Park Lands, aud in which he preached his first sermons. Subsequentlyfa structure of pine and reeds, which Mr. Stow himself helped to build, was erected on North-terrace, aud here for a long lime the subject of our sketch Imparted religious instruction to a small but devoted band of followers. As years progressed the congregation increased, and the humble little sanctuary on North- terrace became too inadequate for its purposes, Accordingly in the year 1840 the large edifice in Freeman-street was built, and at that time was regarded as a magnificent specimen of colonial architecture. In this place Mr. Stow labored for several years with the greatest zeal and earnestneBe, and his devoted exertions were rewarded by a numerons and loving flock. At length, however, he was prostrated by Illness, and. in 1855 the ltev. C. W. Evan arrived iu the colony with a view of aotlng as his co pastor. He did not, though weak and feeble, give up serving the cause of religion, for he gratuitously omoiated at Clayton Chapel, Kensington, and at Glenelg, when those places were without a settled pastor. The people at Clayton Chapel and Glenelg could not accept his services without some recognition, and they generously subscribed and pre sented ;SIr. Stow with a most handsome expression of their regard and indebtedness to him. In February, 1862, Mr. Stow, being better In health, left the colony to fulfil a temporary- engagement at Pitt-street Chapel, Sydney ; and after fulfilling It he was attacked by an Illness more severe than he had previously tuffered from. Alarm waB soon awakened among tils friends, and much anxiety was felt about hie recovery. After a lingering affliction, during which feelings of hope and apprehension were alter nately dominant in the breastB of Mr. Stow's numerous acquaintances, Mr. Stow calmly fell asleep on the 19th of July, 1862. In this hurried obituary notice no reference has been made to Mr. Stow's great and suooesaful efforts in rela tion to the abolition of State aiu to religion, nor to the libe rality of principle, which aotuated him iu his conduct towards other denominations ; but it Is oniony, perhaps, for these characteristics that his name will be more generally and gratefully remembered. It was originally intended to erect some building- of a less sectarian nature than a church for one particular denomina tion—a monument, in faot, towards which people of all creeds conld contribute. But many of Mr. Stow's most in timate friends did not think this would be in harmony with hie life and character ; hence the idea of erecting* an elabo rate monument, or national institution, was allowed to lapse, and the proposal to build a Memorial Church met with more general favor. Efforts were then set on foot to collect subscriptions towards the oWeot, and the result of these exertions were consummated on Tuesday, by the lay ing of the chief corner-stone. THE HAVING OF THE 1TONB. The ceremony of laying the stone took place at 3 o'clock, in the afternoon, in the presence of a large concourse of persons, composed of friends connected with nearly if not all the religious bodies in the colony. The Rev. F. W. Cox commenced the engagements by giving out a hymn from the Congregational Hymn Book the tirst verBe of which was as follows :— - ' O Thou to whom, in ancient time, The lyre of Hebrew bards was strung. Whom Kings adored in songs sublime, And Prophets praised with glowing tongue.' After the hymn had been sung, the Bev. M. H. Hodge read the passages of Scripture contained In 1st Chronioles, xxin 9, 10, 15 ; and the 1st Corinthians, IU, 9 IT. The Bev. John Graham, of Sydney, then offered au impressive and earnest dedicatory prayer. Mr. Thomas Gbayes then read the following list of articles deposited in a bottle, hermetically sealed, to be placed in the cavity of the foundation stone :— Register and Advertiser newspapers of that day's date, the Telegraph of the day preoedlng ; copy of the programme of this day's pro ceedings, 16th annual report of the South Australian Home Missionary Society, report of the proceedings of the 16th yearly meeting, and of the 15th half-yearly meeting of the Congregational Union of South Australia, a copy of Mr. Stow's dedicatory disoourse on the opening of Freeman street Chapel, and of his address on laying the foundation stone, copy of Mr. Binney'B sermon in aid of Stow Memorial Church, and the following statement printed on parch ment:— 'This document la plaoed in the foundation stone of an edifice to be erected for the worship of God, and to be called the Stow Memorial Chnrob, in memory of the late Bev. Thomas Quinton Stow, the first pastor of the oongre gation, for whose immediate use th» building Is raised, and the father and founder of the Congregational Denomination of South Australia. 'The stone is laid by Alexander Hay, Esq., on this seventh day of February, 1865, in the twenty- eighth year of the reign of Her Moat Graolous Majesty Queen Viotoria; His Excellency Sir Dominick Daly being Governor of the province, the tteva. John Graham, of Sydney, M. H. Hod-e, «. Sto'nehonsa, C. W. Evan, and F. W. Cox taking part in the service held on the occasion. 'The erection of this J-laoejrf_worahlp is undertaken by the Church now assembling' iu Freeman- street Chapel, the Bev. -J. W- Evan being pastor, and Henry Giles, Matthew Goode, Carrlngton Smedley, and Alexander Hay, Deacons. '? The order and discipline of the Churoh ia Congregational or Independent, as set forth iu tha Declaration of Faith, Churoh Order, and Dlicipllne lsiued by the Congregational Union of England and Wales. '?Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost.' 'The Committee under whose supervision the Memorial Churoh is erected oonsiats of the Bev. C. W. Evan, B.A. ; R. D. Hanson, Chief Justice ; Thomas Graves, Treasurer; John Brown, Secretary ; John Davis, Horace Dean, Robert Davenport, William Parkin, Thomas Barlow, William Berry. Samuel Davenport, William Hanson, Henry Giles, Matthew Goode, Carrington Smedley, Clement Sabine, Robert Stuckey, Charles Todd. George White, Alexander Hay. 'Architect, R. Q, Thomas. Builders, English and Brown. Mrs. C. W. Evan then, on behalf of the ladies of Freeman street Congregation, presented Mr. A Hay, who was about to lay the stone, with an elegant silver trowel, with whioh to perform the oeremonlaU On the trowel, whioh was manufactured by Mr. DavlB, the following inscription was engraven :— Presented to Alexander Hat, Eiq,, By the Ladles of the Congregation ' of Freeman-street, On the occasion of the laying of the f«uudaUon-(ton« of the Stow Memorial Churoh, Adelaide. February 1. is65. Mr. Hat then performed the ceremonial, aud addressed the assembly as follows;— Dear- Friends— Engaged as we now aii la laying tbe .fgu-datjgn-stoj)e of H new bjiUjUn?. Intended to be used aB a place of meeting for the public worship of God, we are not situated aa those oolonlsts were who took an active part in laying the foundation-stone and in building Freeman-street Chapel. At that time nearly everything connected with the permanent progress and stability of our colonial institutions was comparatively un tried. In the year 1840 productive industry had scarcely made a beginning. Only very few persone were then en gaged in pastoral pursuits. Farmers had not had time to prove the soil and climate to know if corn could be profit ably produced. Our rich mines had not then been dis covered, onr commerce waa but small, as we had little or no produce to export, our manufactories were few, little bad been done towards forming educational Institutions. Under those circumstances Mr. Stow, and those who acted with him in laying the foundation-stone of Freeman-street Chapel, needed to exercise much faith regarding the success of what was then a great undertaking. I tbcnk our Heavenly Father that they exercised such faith, that they build our chapel, for thereby they have been the instrument of doing much good. I am sure you will agree with me that we are alto gether in a much more encouraging position now. Since then our progress has been gradual and prosperous. During the last 35 years our squatters - nave prospered, and our flocks and herds bave i largely Increased ; our farmers have proved that there are few countries where corn can be grown to greater perfection, and more profitably than this ; rioh mines have been dls covered and profitably worked; our commerce has largely increased ; educational institutions have grown up amongst ub ; we bave a number of manufactories ; and our exports are counted by millions sterling. Looking at these things we have muoh to encourage us In the work we have begun of building a new and commodious church that will be somewhat In unison with the improved buildings in the city and surrounding country. God has blessed us as a colony and people. Many from their Increased means are enlarging and beautifying their dwellings and places of business ; large and substantial public buildings are being ereoted ; the House of God ought certainly not to be left behind, but should share in the general improvement. In my opinion it ought to bi one of the best buildings Iu the city, I am glad, therefore, the people belonging to the original Congregational Church In Adelaide have determined to build this new eanotuary. I trust the blesBing of God may rest on those engaged in tbls work — that many shall yet come to worship here, and thereby be led to see the evils ot sin, and to eeek righteousness through Jesus Christ our Saviour. Respecting tbe name by whioh this place of worship Is to be known— tho Stow Church— It Is a just tribute to.the memory of one whose name ia universally and justly respected throughout this colony. In all the Australian Colonies, and by thoBe to whom he is known in England. In connecting the name of our late respected pastor with this building we are following the example of other Churches, both in Britain and this colony. In Scotland the Presbyterian Church has Its Erskine Churches, its Gilleepy Churches, and on North Terrace, Adelaide, we have the Chalmers Church— names that those Churohes delight to honor. In giving the name of Sto w to this Church we are handing down to posterity the name of one whose labours are worthy to be remembered, and whose example la worthy of retaliation. It was well for the Christian Church here that Mr. Stow came so early to this colony. He was the inBtrnmtut In the hand of God in lay ing tha foundation of muoh that has tended to the prospe rity of the causa of Christ in this country. I had the pleasure of listening to his teaching in the primitive build ing on North-terrace {26 years ago. I have often listened to his teaching in our present place of worship, and I am satisfied no man was ever more anxious to do his great Master's work, aud to build up tha Kingdom'.of Christ. Mr. Stow wasanjearneat and devoted servant of God. He was ever ready to take an active part in any movement that he be lieved would forward the interests of religion or education. For a number of years atter his arrival he labored chiefly amongst the people in and around Adelaide. When the population increased and extended into the country districts he took an active part in the formation and working of onr Home Missionary Society, with the view of extending tbe preaching of the Gospel to the outer distriotB of the colony. He was zealous in the cause of the British and Foreign Bible Society. He did not interfere muoh in polltlos ; but when the politician forgot his mission and sought to meddle with religion Mr. Stow came forward and did good service in retaining to the colony the religions liberty on whioh it was originally founded. But leaving all his other labourB out of sight, and looking at the good he did as a Christian minister, I believe we are fulfilling a duty in associating his name with tlife Church we are now building. I trust many young ministers will follow the example he has set them of devotednesB to the cause of their Great Master. I would only add that I hope our present pastor, Mr. Evan, may long enjoy health aud strength to labour with great success in the church of whioh we have Just laid the foun dation-stone. The Bev. Wm. Browm, WeBleyan Minister, gave out the hymn commencing : — ' This stone to Thee in faith we lay, Wo build the temple. Lord, to Thee ; Thine eyes be open night and day To guard this house and sanotuary.' Two verseB havlngbeen cung. The Rev. C. w. Evan, pastor of Freeman-street, delivered the subjoined address : — ' Christian friends— The present hoar to us Is a solemn and a joyful one. We are assembled to lay the foundation of a house which we have purposed to build unto the name of the Lord our God, and to Invoke His blessing on the work of our hands. Memories of the past, aud anticipations of the future, crowd upon our minds. It ia now fully a quarter of a century since the first stone of the old sanotuary in Freeman-street was laid. Some who were present on that occasion, having received continued help of God, are here this day; and they will scarcely fall to bring together in their minds the two Bpeotaclea. with their material adjuncts and surroundings, aud to be impressed and instructed by the contrast. But some, and we Imagine no small pro portion of those who witnessed with peculiar interest the proceedings of that day with their revered pastor, who spoke to them words of truth and wisdom happily preserved to us, bave passed into a world where there is no more laying of foundations, nor need of* temples made with handB.' It iB a reason for devout satisfaction and thankfulness that tbe 25 years which have elapsed since that day have so largely fulfilled the hopes whioh were then Indulged and expressed, not only in relation to the particular Christian work in whioh our friends and fathers were engaged, but also in relation to the general Interests of this province, which, at the time, waB only in the third year of its existence. And on the present oooaiion, which haB a commemorative as well as a prospective aspect, most fitting is it that we should devoutly praise the.God ot Heaven for the blessings whioli he has poured on this land, for the development of Its rioh material resources, the growth and extension of its com merce, the progress and the general prosperity of its popu lation, the diffusion of knowledge, the advancement of true religion, the hopeful, measure of unity and brotherhood that has marked the churches of Christ, and the happy Immunity we enjoy from religions Imposts and restrictions, whioh, in other lands, are a source of painful ^irritation and estrange ment Most fitting is it, too, that we should render unto Gou hearty thanks for all that was aohleved by our sainted friend, whose memory is bo closely associated with this serrioe, and by men likeminded with him, who so manfully did their part In laying the foundations of the varied interests of this community. We associate Mr. Stow'e name with the edifice which is thus begun, believing the aot to be in every way appropriate, in harmony with saored usage, and pleasing to Goi. JHo one acquainted with our principles and practices ttB a denomination will lay hero worship to our oharge, or impute to us any tendenoy to the adoration of saints. We worship only the one living Gttd, the Saviour of mankind; but we desire, after the example of * tli e churches in Judea,' to glorify God in his servants, and by raising tbe sacred edifice as a memorial to Mr. Stow, we express our esteem and reverence for his oharacter as that of an eminent servant of Christ, who, in a position peculiarly trying and responsible, firmly and faithfully did his Master's work, and served hla generation. We aoknow ledge the obligations under which we are laid to his life and teaching, and we seek to transmit his name to our posterity in this land as a name prominently associated with all that was good and true, and sacred to the early history of the colony. With respect to the architecture of the memorial ohuron, it ia intended in accordance with the progress of events, the better ciroumstanoes of our people, and the improved taste of the times, to present a goodlier form and more attractive feature than its venerable predecessor In Freeman-street. In this good land Into whioh God hath brought us— a land abounding with materials of wealth— a land of wheat and barley, and vines, and fig trees, and pomegranates— a land of oil, olive, and honey, wherein we eat bread without soarce ness, nor lack anything in It— in this good land, where it may be said of us as a people that our flooks and herds are multi plied, and our silver and gold are multiplied, and all that we lave are multlpliad-eurrounded as we are on every hand by signs of social prosperity and growing wealth, it were humiliating indeed if the house of God stool forth the type of poverty and meanness. It is gratifying to observe the growth of ourolty and Its improved architectural develop ments, and shall we not desire that among our better edifices our sanctuaries may stand forth graceful and comely, as well as a prominent witness for those higher interests and purer enjoyments which amid the absorbing pursuits of secularism all are too prone to forget ? We think it no sign of degene racy in our Congregational churches that in the matter of architecture they should elect to depart from the enforced simplicity and plainness of their Puritan ancestors. All honor thoie noble men, who, oppressed and Impoverished by unrighteous enactments, raised unto God their humble sanctuary in any bye-lane or alley where they oonld find an asylum ; would we had more of their fidelity to conscience and to Christ. We honor them, bat we congratulate our selves, and thank God that the persecuting demon which harassed them has been chained if not exorcised from the land of our fathers, anddevoutly do we trust that its polluted breath may never contaminate the free atmosphere of this land. AsCongregationalists we are no longer very poor, and we are unwilling that mean and unsightly sanotaarles should proclaim our poverty of taste, and a more deplorable deficiency in the grace of liberality. There is a. growing, and, as we believe, a healthy desire that the Christian sanc tuary should exhibit in its structure and arrangement9 some worthiness of the purpose to which it Is consecrated. It is our hope and belief that in the building to be ereoted here, tbough no Bhekinal splendour may glow within its walls, things beautiful and glorious, as well as true, will be pre sented to the eye of the soul ; and is it not meet that the material should be in some sort of harmony with the spiritural, typical and suggestive of those higher and fairer things, and not painfully incongruous with them We sympathise in the opinion expressed by one ? that God may be praised by the spirit of sacrifice and the material beauty and the expressions of thoughts, aims with which our sanotuary buildings may be instinct. It is not my inten tion to follow the practice sometimes observed on ocoaslons like the present of giving a statement of our denominational principles. We have our distinctive tenets and usages, but it ia more in harmony with our feelings at this moment to confess and to endeavor more fully to realise our unity with all who love the Lord Jesus Christln sincerity, than to dwell on those minor matters wherein we differ from them. We rejoice that we may claim substantial oneness with all who believe in God tha Father, in Jesus Christ the Saviour, and in the Holy Ghost tbe Comforter. We oan point to nooreed as tha exact embodiment of our theology. That theology may indeed be found for the most part in the three creeds of the ancient Church, the Apostolic Creed, the Kioene Creed, and the Athanasian Creed, and in the thirty-nine articles of the Church of England, but we accept none of these aa authoritative. They are interesting to us, but chiefly as ex pressions of opinion oa the part of those who framed them written indeed for our learning, but not for our law. The declaration of faith issued by the English Congregational Union may fairly set forth the ( hings which we oommonly believe among us, but it is not binding on our consciences, for we have not endorsed It with our hands. We acknow ledge no authority, only the Divine teaohing of the Scrip tures, but we do not admit that our theology ia therefore vague and unoertaln. There prevails among us a substan tial agreement aB to the great verities of Christianity, an agreement, we venture to think, not tbe leas real or marked than exists in other Churohes whioh think fit to adhere to certain formalities of faith as the authoritative standards. And it is our confident hope that whoever may be spared to witness the completion of this building, and whoever may worship and teach within Its walls, prominence will be given here to those great central verities to which we o we oar history and position as a denomination, the everlasting Gospel, the Gospel for all times and generations, will be preaohed here in Us Divine fullness, and that in connection with its ministry, and by the power of the Divine Spirit, there shall be built up within the material struoture a perfect house oempoaedof lively stones, and resting on no other foundation than that of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ being the corner stone. And my earnest prayer is that all who witness and participate in the laying of this foundation-stone, and those who shall hereafter assemble in the building, may, through the grace of God, be found resting on tbe foundation of the Lord, whioh standeth sure, and be built into that living temple that shall never crumble or decay. Our mate rial sanotuaries. however firmly-founded and strongly-built, are doomed to fall and perioh.andin their perisbablenesa they are fitting types of our eooleBlasttoal systems. Episoopa lisnism iiowever venerable, Presbyterianism however strong, Methodism however mighty, Congregationalism, and the hundred forms of polity, whatever their pretensions, ara temporal and pgrishable things; but tbe true Churoh of God, composed of adherents of all these systems, shall live and abide for ever and ever, for it is fonnded on tha Book of Ages, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Be it our ambition to be true and worthy members of that glorious Church I But to conclude, as we contemplate the engagements of this hour in their probable Issues, we oannot better express our thought* and emotions than in the earnest and appropriate words used by Mr. Stow when the old sanctuary was begun, ' Memorable and auBploloua hour in whioh we lay the first stone of an odifloe for God, an edifice for the Gospel, an edifice for the Church, an edifice for souls ! Here shall be proclaimed ' the glorious Gospel of the blessed God.' Here the praises and prayers of th« CJmrcb shall ascend to -fod, fiere aod sjia,il fulfil his condescending promise to be with his assembled people and manifest his glory. Here believers shall receive gracious visitations—* Seasons of refreshing from the Lord,' all chimerical and visionary to the worldling, but all reality, and subBtance, and glory to those who have Been, and tasted, and handled the word of life. Here the tears of tbe penitent shall flow— the hard heart shall break and pour forth Its deep stream of godly sorrow before the Lord. Here the bnrthened and agitated con science shall find peaoe at the sight of the cross. Here many an aching sorrowing spirit shall be made to rejoice with joy unspeakable and foil of glory. Here our families shall resort, and be trained for God and for Immortality. Here the youth of our city shall imbibe principles which shall be their guard amongst the vile and hateful corruptions of the world. And here the aged Christian shall bend his heavy steps, and his faded eye shall be lighted up with the hopea of that ' temple not made with hands eternal in the heavens,' which he 1b so soon to enter. Though we thus speak it is not in the spirit of boaBting or self- confidence. We believe In God; we believe also In His Son, Jesus Christ ; we believe in the Holy Ghost. Hence we expect these things: 'The God of Heaven Ha will prosper us; ; therefore we His servants will arise and build.' ' ? Offerings to a considerable sum were then collected and | laid on the stone. The Bev. G. Stonehouse, Baptist Minister, next offered a fervent piayer, supplicating the blessing of the Most High on the undertaking. The Rev. J. Gbaham pronounced the benediction, and the prooeedlnga oonneoted with the laying of the ceremonial stone ended. DESCRHTON OF THE BUILDING, The site of the Church, of whioh the foundation stone has now been laid. Is situated In Victoria-square, next to the public offices. The Churoh will be erected in the Gothic style, from the designs of Mr. R. G. Thomas, and the builders are Messrs. English ft Brown of this olty. The prinoipal feature to the entrance front In Victoria-square will be a projecting portico formed of freestone oolumns sup porting pointed arches, and an open parapet of freestone. Above the portico in the main building will be a four-light window in freestone, with geometrical tracery. Fronting east and west the transepts will have wheel windows with tracery of similar description. The total length of the build ing will be 142 feet, and the breadth aoross the nave 62 feet, and across the transepts 83 feet. Adjoining the eastern transept a tower and spire will rise directly from the ground to a height of 170 feet from the pavement. The foundations of the tower will be 8 feet wide, and formed of conorete made with Portland cement, and the walls of the tower will be nowhere less than four feet thick. The ground storey of the tower will form another prinoipal entrance to the Churoh and will bave a doorway in freestone. The Interior of the Church will be divided Into nave and aisles by oolumns sup porting arches and a lofty clerestory, with windows of geometrical pattern, from whioh the Church will be princi pally lighted. The aisles ♦wM bo very narrow, as they are merely Intended to serva as passages, and will only have occasional sittings plaoed in them. Tho columns therefore will not form obstructions to the view of the platform. Including the oooaeional sittings, the Churoh will accommodate nearly 850 persons on the ground floor. Provision Is made in the building for adding to the accommodation by gallerieB over the entrance lobby, and over the transepts, and over the platform of the orchestra. These when oonstrnoted will extend the accommo dation to over 1,160, bat the gallery for the orohestra and organ will be the only one Included at present. The Interior of the church will be lofty, the celling is of hexagonal shape, and the centre portion will be 43 feet high from the floor. There will be a lofty pointed arch at the and, opposite the entrance, under which will be a projecting) platform for the Minister enclosed with railings, above which are the organ gallery and orohestra. Communicating with tha platform will be three vestries and also spaces for staircases leading to the proposed transept, galleries, and to the organ gallery. The buildings will be entirely constructed of Glen Osmond stone and Glen Ewln freestone, the front portico and the spire being wholly of freestone, and will be of the most sub stantial and durable character. The present contract, which does not Include the upper portion of the tower and spire, is £7,050. THE TEA AND PUBLIC MEETING. At 5 o'olook in the evening the tea meeting took place. All the tables which were laid, both in the ohapel and schoolroom, were at once occupied, ana were to a consider able extent relaid. It was estimated that there were nearly 600 persons present. The provision was elegant and ample, and the chapel wasjnicely decorated with foliage and flowers, besides a number of Scripture mottoes whioh hung round the walla. The tea equipage having been oleared away, the cbapel was soon again refilled for tbe public meeting. After a voluntary on the harmonium*' CuJ us Anlmum.' from the Stabat Mater, by Mr. James Shakespeare, His Honor the Chief Justice took the chair, and the proceedings were com menced by singing the 229th hymn, commencing, 'Letui with a gladsome mind,' after whioh tha Rev. C. Manthorpe offered the opening prayer. The Chairman then addressed the meeting. He said the oooasion for whioh they had met was an unfrequent one in connection with any ohuroh. Thare might ba those preeent who had attended similar meeting* In connection with other ohurohes; but In the ordinary course of nature it was to bo hoped that those present would not agalu be called on to take part In a similar ocoasion. This being the case he might be allowed to lay a few words before he called on the speakers who had been appointed to address them. Tha occasion for whioh they had met— to lay the foundation Btone of a new Church was an oooasion whioh under every aspect waa hopeful and encouraging. The work In which they were engaged testi fied the success of the preaching of their late lamented pastor, as will as the progress of the colony. Looking back to the time when the stone of the building iu which they were met waa laid, he thought there was sufficient to In dicate the progress whioh had slnoe been made. At the time when the foundation atone ol that building was laid it was the only ohuroh in the colony, and of whioh their late respected pastor was the founder. From time to time ihe members separated from the one general Churoh and formed Christian bodies in the localities where they boated, which Churches in their tarn presented many signs of pro grees. The Church in Freeman-Btreat had now taken a step to seoure a more beautiful edifice and to connect with it the name of their late pastor. They did not take the position of the old man at the building of the second temple, who looked back with regret and sorrow at the magnificence of the flisfc temple ; but they occupied rather the position of those who at the erection of the first temple felt that they were laying the foundation of a building where the service of those who had gone before, should be perpetuated, and as a proof of the religions feel ing of thejjnation and the growth of that principle among the people. In all aspeoti but one that ocoasion was en couraging. No doubt in one aspect there was something of sorrow mingled with it. They could not foil to remember that he who had founded the Congregational Churoh Iu the colony, he who had In so many .ways ministered to and foetered it, had now passed from among them, and this remembranoe would cause something of moarnfnlness to mingle with the otherwise Joyfal anticipations of that meeting. (Hear, hear.) But tbough it was not without sorrow, he did not think that occasion should be one of sorrow. Measured by years, undoubtedly their late pastor left them before the appointed term of human life ; but measured by his works, measured by what he attempted, and what he achieved, he left them full of labors. He did not leave them, however, without seeing many of tin results of his toll accomplished, and being assured that the Churohlwhioh he had built up was safe from storms and accidents. (Cheers ) He therefore thought that while they could not In one sense but feel sorrowful, under another condition they ought not to do so. The end of their late pastor was one which they might wish to be seooreu by all who, having attained tbe aim of their life, passed from their midst to receive the reward of their labors, knowing that their works should follow them. (Hear, hear.) He could not but forget that on that ocoasion they had been laying the foundation-stone of an Independent Church, and although the matters in whioh they differed from other religious bodies were of comparatively trifling Impor tance— although those on which they agreed were the great essentials of faityet there were oocaslons when into prominence some of the distinctive features of their organization and government. All Christian Churches had had their work to do, and had done it well for the cause of God. That was not a time to apeak of others, but while he said a few words about the denomination to whioh he belonged, he should be sorry to pass over other denomi nations. His Churoh had their share of truth, but he would be sorry to claim the whole truth— (hear, hear)- to say that there was no truth beyond themselves, and they had nothing lo learn from others. Tho Independents had rendered two great services to Christianity. They had given full develop ment to the principle of toleration, and had asserted more emphatically than any otbers the right of liberty of con science. It was said by some that the Independents preached toleration, because they could not persecute ; buthe considered it wab inherent in the organisation of Independents that persons should have the right of forming a Churoh whioh should have the power of Individual self-government, and free from, the Interference of any external government. (Cheers.) In this reBpeot Congregationalism he thought differed from every previous organisation, because all others claimed to have a union of ohurob.es, or rather to be bound by the opinion of mem bers who had the right to be considered authorities amongst them. All Cburches, no doubt, had something to perform, and Congregationalism had perhaps profited by what other Churches had done. It had been quaintly said by some writer that what with right hand defections and left hand failings only one person besides himself had kept unimpaired the faith of their fathers. Well, there waa nothing in Con gregational organization to prevent even those two persons forming a Church of their own. This principle of Indepen dency had been more or lees accepted by every Christian churoh in countries where discussion was free, and where not a word was whispered as to the right of any person to interfere with the faith or discipline of another churoh, or of any State to interfere with the faith or worship of a single individual. This liad been the function of the Congregational body, to which he might be permitted to refer with allowable self-congratulation on t!iat ocoasion. He had occupied their lime longer than he intended, and In oouclu sion would say that while he had called attention to what he considered to be the speolal claim of that Churob, he would always wish it to be remembered that with all Christian bodies the points of diSerenoe were very small, aa compared to the Infinitely important points in which they agreed. (Hear, hear.) He remembered dayB in England when ft was difficult to overcome the feeling of the denominational pecu liarity. But In this colony they did not experience this feel ing. All seots were on the same level— no one claimed aught but what resulted from the purity, slmpliolty, and fervor with whioh the truths of Christianity were preaohed. They had been led to attach leas slgnlnoanoe to each other's organization?, while they recognised the overwhelming im portance of the common principles of their belief. ^(Cheers.) The Rev. C.W.Evan, Pastor of the Church, was than called on, and made the following report :— The Committee of the Stow Memorial Church hava thought It daslrable that a few facts relative- to tha origin and progress of the movement should be laid before this meeting. This I will endeavor to do as briefly as possible. Shortly after the lamented death of Mr. Stow SKe idea was entertained of ereoting a monument to his memory of a somewhat costly oharuoter, and which should be simply and exclusively a memento to bis worth. With that idea In that form some of us did not sympathise. We felt that euoh a monument would lack oongruity with hla life and oharacter as a minister. When, however, the idea was modified, and it was resolved to erect a monument of a simpler kind at the grave, and to which the maximum of subscription should be half a guinea, we agreed to the proposal ; feeling that that would not impoverish our friends and prevent the ereotion of a more important memorial which should bave a visible relation to the aims and objects of his life, and contribute to the furtherance of the great work to which his energies were oonsecrated. It waa our conviction that there could not be a more fitting memorial of Mr. Stow than a sacred edifice where the churoh, whioh during a pastorate of nearly 20 years, had been tbe objeot of his deepest solioitude, should worship— where the truths and principles which he had so ably advocated should be maintained and propagated.' This conviction was strengthened by our knowledge of tbe faot that the ereotion of a new sanctuary in connection with tbe old churoh, waa with Mr. Stow, for some time before his death, a matter of earnest desire and hope. The propoaal to erect such a memorial edifice was therefore brought before the ohuroh and congregation, and there prevailed a happy degree of unanimity respecting It. Persons oonneoted with other ohurohes and denominations expressed their sympathy with the movement and their readiness to assist In further ing it. A Committee was formed and contributions solioited. An acre of land was seoured In a very eligible situation, and at a very reasonable price. Designs for the building were called for, and that of Mr. R. G. Thomas waB seleoted as being, on the whole, most in aooordance with the views of the Committee. The style Is Gothic, of the early period of Bug land, with forms adapted from Frenoh, Italian, Gothic, modified to suit the climate and our Protestant worship. The celling will be hexagonal, and the upper portion will be nearly flat. The height of the ceiling from theloorat the nave will be 43 feet. There will be a rise in the floor of ia inohes. The platform will be at the north end opposite the entrance, and from tha arrangements of tha Churoh there will be no seats without a view of the minister. There will be three vestries attached. On the eastern side, where tbe foundation stone has been laid, a tower and spire of ont freestone will rise to the height of HO feet, the lower part of the tower forming an additional entree. The contract for the building, by English & Brown, is £7,650, whioh lnoludes the lower portion of tha tower to the springing or the roof. The internal fittings, architect's commission, and other neces sary expenses, will increase that sum to about £8,000. The ?urns received and promised towards the objeot up to the present time amount In round numbers to £4,300. Of this we have paid JEl.ooo for tbe land, Teduclng the amount to £3,300. We require, therefore, at least £6,000 to render the building fit for occupation. From this we may perhaps daduot tbe value o/ the present property, w.hjoh would reaupa that sum to about £3,509. To finish the spire about £1,500 more will be required, and without the spire the memorial would look very incomplete. (Hear, hear.) Aud again, school rooms must be provided, so that I hava scarcely the courage to express In figures the total amount that will be required to complete the undertaking. Bnt I have great faith in our generous friends, whose hearts are in the work, that with a little brotherly help from members of other churohes they will fully accomplish what they have begun, and that they will not suffer such a building to groan under a heavy debt. We have reoelved a noble contribution of £53.0 from Mr. Blnney, whioh he obtained for us by his personal exertions. (Cheers). Our excellent friend, Mr. Hopkins, of Hobirt Town, has sent us £100. Our Sydney friends at Pltt-straet, whose praise for liberality Is in all our churches, in all Aus tralia and Britain, Bent us a very handsome contribution for our bazaar, the Sydney stall being one of the chief attractions on the occasion. There is another gentleman who deserves mention on this occasion— one of the moBt excellent of the (rood— and under whose hospitable roof Mr. Stow fell asleep. John Fairfax, whom I refer to, is on our list of subscribers. Some gentlemen In this colony from whom we expeoted aid withhold as yet their sympathy from the movement. Occa sionally avremark appearing to us unkind and nnouaritable has been made to the effect, for Instance, that we are seeking to get other people to build a Church for us. We certainly seek the help of others, as we have rendered help to others Iu times past (Cheers.) But when I state that the num bers of the Committee alone, numbering about 20 gentlemen, Immediately oonneoted with this Churoh and congregation, have subscribed £2,000 towards this objeot— nearly one half of the entire amount obtained— and that they have it in their hearts to do still more, I think the faot Is sufficient to clear ua from any unfriendly Imputations of ihat kind. We ear nestly hope that this meeting will not be allowed to pass without some considerable progress being made towards the attainment of onr object The Rev. J. Gabdneb said he had listened with pleasure to the remarks of the Chairman upon toleration, and he thought that principle was well demonstrated by a Presby terian being the first called upon to address them. He bad always looked upon Presbytery as the scaffold necessary for the erection of the building, and never since landing in the oolony had he attempted to prove that it was tbe building Itself. He was a Free Presbyterian, and they would see that he made good use of his freedom. (Laughter.) He was delighted to hear that the spire was to be so high, although It entirely threw his own into the shade His tower, how ever, could boast of the most useful object In the city, telling whlob way tha wind blew. (Laughter.) He would, however, now come to the resolution, whioh he had to propose, and whioh was— 'That this meeting would de voutly acknowledge the measure of Divine bleating vouch safed to the labors of this Churoh In past years, and would cherish the hope that the sanctuary about to be ereoted for Its use will prove the means of extending Its usefulness, and of advancing tha Interests of our common Christianity.' He axpreBsad his pleasure in being asked to move anything whioh bore upon it the stamp of orthodoxy, and he was sure that resolution did. In the first place It acknowledged the Divine blessing whioh had hitherto attended the church. He waa sure that the framers of the motion did not underrate tha ohuroh organisation, although that was but of secondary importance to the goodness vouchsafed by God. The aot of that day showed that they did not overlook the foot that to God the praise was due, but, were anxious to extend his cause. The experience of that church had, he supposed, been similar to that of others. There had no doubt been 'times of sunshine and cloud, ?torm and calm, and although they might have been called on to lament for backsliders and lukewarm believers, they still had the proof that God had been and was with them. That building waB certainly a very plain one, and though it had not the dim religious light of some of the old ecclesi astical structures, it had a better light— the light of God— and it had been recorded of it that this and that man were born there. A building- might become a thing of the past, and the edifice in which they then stood was a monument of the poverty and the piety of its founders. At the time when all connected with. It ware saddened by the blow which came upon thorn, it was a happy thought which struck them, not to build a monument to their pastor In brass or In stone, but to erect a ohuroh which should bear the name of one whose labors had been so useful and successful, and also afford 'an opportunity for persons to worship and to seek the Lord. The seoond part of the resolution expressed a hope that the new sanctuary wonld be useful In advancing the interests of Christianity. The church worshipping in that building would, he hoped, be more blessed by the King of the Churoh, and he trusted that In the new building many would be enquiring their way Zionward, and have their facei turned thither. He could not forget that there were other gentle men to follow him, and especially one who had coma from a distance. He was pleased that his presence indicated that the churches were becoming more alive to the wants of these oolonies, and instead of sending out little men suoh as tha one who was speaking to them— (laughter) — they dlspatohed man of a commanding appearance, who at any rate would oocupy a large space in the publio eye. (Loud laughter and cheers.) Mr. C. Todd seconded the resolution, and in doing so he was glad to think It was not necessary to oocapy their time to any length, as he was a man rather of action than of words, and the motion had been so ably placed before the meeting. They all looked with interest to the ramarks of their friend who had come so far to address them, and he should therefore not detain them. That the Divine bleiaing had been ponred out upon that Church was testified by the act they htd done that day, for they had commenced a work which would require seal and perseverance, and liberality to complete, and the Divine blessing would attend them if they only obeyed the teachings and precepts of the gentleman whoBe name they ravared, and who, if he could look down upon the proceeding of the day, would rejoice at the consummation of a good work so far aa to lay the foundation stone of a new Churoh. While walking to the meeting that evening a singular coincidence occurred to him. In earlier days when the philosophy of the skies was not so well understood, comets were understood by some to portend danger, (and by others to foretel some happy event. In the year of ourjLord es a oomet like a sword appeared over Jerusalem, and the enemy outside thought it portended the destruction of the temple and of Jerusalem, wbile the Jaws looked upon It as the harbinger of God foretelling their deliverance. That comet was identified with the destruction of Jerusalem, but they had a oomet this year, and let them hope that it portended future suooeas to tbe Stow Memorial Church and those associated with it. They desired to show an example to their friends at North Adelaide, who had built their ohuroh by piecemeal, and this would require a long pull, and a itrong pull, aud a pull all together ; bnt If they zealously gave their hearts to the work they would be sure to luc oeed. The Choir, under tba direction of Mr. Jamat Shakaaptare, sang In an effective style the well-known but beautiful anthem ' BlesBed be Thou. ' ' The Rev. John Geaham of Sydney, who was warmly cheered on rising, was called upon to more tbe seoond resolution. He said he did not know how it was, but he felt a very solemn tender feeling steal over his heart as he thought of the proceedings of that day, and of the meeting in which they were engaged. When he stood that day on the spot where the foundation stone was laid, and saw snob, a number of brethren of different deBOminatlons met together to manifest their union with eaoh other as members ot Christ's great body— the Churoh— aud to do honor to the memory ofthat noble man whom God had taken from among them, he felt It a vary tender and subduing scene; and as he looked around him and taw tbe folds of Old Kngland's nag floating over them, his heart leaped up with gratitude to God that they were under the banner of Queen Victoria— under the symbol of the greatest power at present on the earth, and the beat— the friend of liberty and the friend of man. (Cheers.) He thought how happy it was to be under that flag compared with being under those of some other nations. The tricolor of Franoe occurred to him, and when he thought of the scenes enacted oa the Loyalty Islands; the atrocities perpetrated ou the missionaries; the dosing of the ohapels and the turning of them Into reataurants for the officers; the using of bells which had been presented by Christian friends in England to announoe the hour of worship, for calling the' soldiera to mess— whan he thought of all this sacrilege and desecration which had been perpetrated by the Frenoh, his heart gave gratitude to God that this mighty continent of New Holland was under the flag of Britain, and not of France. (Plaudits.) And when he thought of New Zealand and Tasmania being under tha same -nag, he felt glad that there were few Islands for other nations to lay hold of ; but here the Anglo-Saxons bad liberty, knowledge, and religion, and If they did not develop themselves nobly It was their own fault. He was glad to sae the exhibition of Christian union he saw that evening. For his own part he should be very muoh ashamed to look with an invidious eye upon PreBbyterians when he remembered the grandeur of their history and their present proportions, lest be should catch the eagle-like glanoe of Knox and tho Covenanters as they said — 'Shame upon you if you despise the system whioh we defended and whioh, bv thegraoeof God, made us what we are.' He dared not look with unkindly eye upon the Episcopalians, with their magnlfloant cathedrals. Did he do so ha should hear the upbraiding eohoes if BidJey, Latimer, and Cranmer, as they sang through tha grand old strains—' Thou art the King- of Glory, oh Christ ; thou art the Son of the Everlast ing Father.' He dared not look with an Invidious eye upon Wesleyanism, Methodism, or whatever name that great out burst of religious revival was called, or he ehoula hear the voica of Wesley saying in his ears— ' Let party names and sections fall, And Jesus Christ be all in all.' (Cheers.) If he dared to look at his Baptist brothers unoharitably the words of Banyan would ba brought against him:—' Pilgrims walk In the straight way. and don't Call out of It till you reaoh the Celestial City.' (Cheers.) But they all had noble facts In their history, and noble principles to aot upon ; and, as the Chairman had so truly said, the great matters In whioh Christians agreed were so overwhelming in impor tenoe that the little minor matters shrank into Insignifi cance. (Applause.) When they looked dt the work to be done in that country— when they looked upon the work God had before them In the islands of the Paolflo, he felt that there was no time for party squabbles— little controversies about minor matters. Nelson, on one occasion, when one of his captains had had a dispute with bis commander, told him that there waa no time for Britons to squabble when the enemy were drawn up in line in front of them ; and so It might be said of them. When they looked at the lines of tbe enemy drawn up ^against them, and remembered that they weie the soldiers of Jeans Christ who had to oppose and overcome that enemy, there was no time for party oonfliots, when tbe great consolidated foe was. before them. He then referred to a deeply interesting meeting which had been held iu Sydney, when the Ministers of moat of tbe religious denominations met together In united fellowship at the Lord's table; and he remarked that although he had attended many meetings In London, he had never attended a meeting whioh he thought was more in advance of the put than that gathering. He had never been In a meeting where tbe spirit of Christ seemed to prevail more, and where parties felt it good to be there. Some of them aveu remarked that If ever they were to be suddenly called away they should like to be summoned after such a meeting as that. It was put into their hearts to contribute to the missionary ship Dayapring, which had just arrived from the iBlands, and £12 was raised amongst them. He recom mended the friends iu Adelaide to have united oommunions, when brethren of the Churoh could meet around the emblems of tbe broken body and shed blood of Christ. But he wsa not going to preaoh to them as to what they should do. He had been asked to say a few words ou a subject whioh many would think he was forgetting. The resolution he had to move was as follows :— 'That this meeting re gards with satisfaction and thankfulness the provision mode for religious worship and teaohing in this city, and would earnestly solicit co-operation for the ereotion of a sanotuary in association with the memory of one who labored so faith fully and successfully for tha best Interests of the oolony.' Now there were two points that they might dwell on for a moment. The fust was the satisfaction at the provision made for religious worship, and teaohing in the olty. Well, certainly, he had been In no olty In the Australian where suoh provision was made for religious worship and teaohing as in Adelaide. He had been In cities where he saw more theatres, more public-houses, more literary institutions ; but for the population he had been In no town where he saw so many and such reapeotable houses of God. He thought that was a tribute whioh they paid to themselves. He ooneidered that these bora testi mony to tbe natural religiousness of the human souL There was a natural religiousness or the human soul. Some persons said that the whole of religion was a trumped up thing, and asked with ridicule— what are these priests and these artificial things? Bat he maintained that to leave oat the philosophy of the human soul and its religious elements would not be a greater mistake than for a geographer to leave out of his map a continent, or the intellectual faculties in the psy chology of the religious man. The first relation man sus tained was that to his Creator, and the principal relation which he conld sustain. Preeminently it was with God they had to do, and they had to do for ever. The greatest struc tures ever built In the world had been religious edifices ; the greatest books ever written had been religious bookB -from the religious books ot tbe East to the Bible now In their pulpits ; the greatest wars In the world had been concerning religion; the greatest men God had aver sent Into the earth had been animated by religion as their mainspring of action— Milton and Newton bowed before God with profoundest reverence, and they were not the least among earth's greatest men. And if it was a good thing to see an Exohange where men transacted their temporal busi ness, It was a better thing to see a Church where men en gaged iu their eternal interests. It waa a good thing to see stores and granaries, but it was a better thing to see the House of God where the bread of life was broken. If it was a good thing to see the Institutes for seoular instruc tion. It was better to see the house of Wor ship where that knowledge which was eternal life was [communicated to tbe soul. The religions aspect of man waa the brighest aud beat. It wag something like the sanflowej. In tbe rn.Qr.nJng, when tbe too of the Sower was turned to the«un,'an was opaque and dark be hind ; but If they went to the other Bide they would see the brightness and beauty unfolded there. And bo it waa with the human souL It was a good thing to meet men in the balls of commeroe ; but there they were only citizens of the earth. Whan they came Into the House of God they ceased ' tobe'oitizansof tbe earth and became citizens of Heaven; the light of the Sun of Righteousness beamed upon them, and every heart would unfold itself to His gracious influences. They should rejoice, therefore, in seeing such Christian etruotures ir- that city. But let them make a right use of their Souses of God. If there was anything from tha Episcopalian form of worship he should like to borrow It was the silence, the reverence, and the response Is the House of God. . (Cheers.) He abominated tha sight of people talking at tbe porches. Let tbere bo no whispering in God's House; no irreverence, or irregu larities. Worship .was the supreme privilege of the soul, and let eye, heart, and voice and spirit be concentrated in that worship. He also enjelned punctuality in the attend-' anoa of hearers at places of worship, aud expressed pleasure that tha resolution referred to those sanctuaries as houses of instruction. He did not believe the House of God was only for worship. Worship might be a dark and blind thing if it was not guided by Christian truth. Scotland stood pre eminent hi the intelligence of its inhabitants, because the ministers there combined instruction with worahip. This taught ministers a lesson. If they were idle and sleepy in. the study— It they oared more for their vineyards than for their congregation— the people would sorely find it out and go elsewhere— Be«k teachers who would instruct them with greater power. It became them as teachers to keep in the van of the intelligence of the people, and to beckon them to follow rather than the people should precede them. The latter part of the resolution solicited coopera tion for the erection of a sanctuary to the memory of their late pastor, and he was glad to hear Mr. Evan's remark of the unwillingness of tbe congregation to appeal toothers. The thought, however, had struck him— what must become of that plaoe of worship when the new sanotuary was completed? Surely It would not be turned Into mercantile stores. He thought tbe Christian public had hen an opportunity of doing a noble thing— that wag to save effectually that building for the purposes of Christian instruction, either by means of the Sabbath school, lectures on religious subjects, or- other similar meanB of usefulness. He then proceeded to remark that they would all have to put their hands into their pockets to build their new ohuroh. It must be done perso nally and aelf-denyingly, and as iu the sight of Jesua . Christ their. Master, or it would linger as a drag on their wheels, a discouragement to thalr minister, and a public attestation to the folly which began to build, and was not able to flnlih. He hoped they would enter into the work heartily, and that it would be effectually done. He gave some particulars illustrative of the liberality of his congre gation In Sydney on a recent proposal to enlarge Pitt street ohapel, and stated that the sum of £3.500 was sub scribed and paid for the land alone, one of the donations being £1,800. If suoh a spirit of liberality aa Una was shown by the friends of the present cause the Stow Memorial Churoh would soon be ereoted free from indebtedness. He threw out the suggestion that there was sufficient union and catholicity of spirit among the various Churcqes to induce them to give one Sabbath's collection towards a sanctuary whtoh was to be erected as a memorial to one whom they all so loved and esteemed. The reverend gentleman pro ceeded in happy and vigorous language to enforce upon his audience tbe principle ;of working earnestly on behalf of the undertaking they had that day commenced, reminding them that It would stir their life's blood and souls more than mere doctrines would ever do. He would urge them all to work for God. It was something with man as it was in nature— everything had something to give and diffuse ; and If they did not do this they sustained injury and denied good. In the words of Wlloox— ' Would'st thou from sorrow find a sweet relief, Or Is thy heart oppressed with woes untold ; Balm would'it thou gather from corroding grief ? Pout blessings round thee like a Bhower of gold ; ' Ms when the rose Is wrapped In many a fold Close to its heart the worm Is wasting there its life and beauty. Not when all .unrolled its bosom rich and fair. Pours fully Its perfumes throughout the ambient air.' He deprecated selfishness, and said it would never make a man happy, but would shut up his heart against the %Zt% ofi?/aTSuwW? tW0Dld 'H tne worm *E»t sucked out the life-blood of his happmess. But let him open his heart to God and man and lito ? tbe expanded rose there would be beauty and fragrance where otherwise there would be death and decay He expeoted the congregation to do tnelr duty nobly ft every member worked heart and hand— prayerfully and liberally, unitedly and affectionately— they would see the Stow Memorial Churoh rise In its beauty, and with Tree and glad hearts they would worship God within its fair propor tlons, feeling that they owed no man anything, and that all they bad to do waa to love one another, in the meantime, he trusted the other Christian brethren of other denominations would show their respeot for the memory of one of their noblest oolonlsts -the frtona of freedom, the Wend of God, and tha Mend of man. (Loud and prolonged oheera.) Mr. B.A. Tabltok seconded the motion, and remarked that many of them had witnessed with no ordinary joy the ceremony of that afternoon— a ceremony to which memory wonld gladly flee, as It would prove a sunny Bpot that none would be willing to forgat. (Hear, hear.) He maintained that ha who honored a great and good man did honor to blmsal£. (Hear, bear.) It was like mercy, blessing both him who gave, and he who received. - He (Mr. Tarlton) should be doing violence to his better nature if he refused publicly to express tha profound admiration with which he regarded the memory of Thomas Quinton stow. (Cheers) He came to the colony— after having gone to the other provinces — a man broken down in health aud there waa a phyilolan present who would not give him a certificate for twelve months. But un known to anybody one of the greatest aud best men of the colony— Mr. Stow— found him out, and came to him In a time of Barging trial mod sorrow, ana spoke words nto his ears which bis memory would never forget— words which he always associated with' his noble heart and his equally noble countenance. (Applause.) Theultimatefrnits of such a Ufa as Mr. Stow lived would require generations to unfold to maturity. Far down In the blue waters of tba Padta Ocean there were little workers that were constantly making deposits and building calls.- One died and another succeeded, and millions even, perished without any visible result. The foundation was surely and certainly being laid. Invisible to the human eye— imperceptible to them— the coral reef gradually rose until it stood erect above the ocean, and hurled back with giant-force the waves that lashed against it In' process of tfme the winds wafted, and birds carried seeds aoross the ocean and dropped them npon this rock, where unsprung grass, the banana, the coooanut tree, and other tropical vegetation. At length man sought his home there, and planted himself beneath the grateful shade of tile luxuriant trees, so that ou that very spot where at times the ocean was lashed Into a tempest, or at other moments 'slept like a burnished mirror, reflecting objects of exquisite ' beauty— there, on that very spot, Jat this hour, there were hundreds of Christian homes sending np an audible voioe of praise daily into the ear of God. Vast as was this change In tbe physical economy of nature, he held that -It waB no greater than tha change which Mr. Stow had wit nessed from the time of his arrival In the oolony to the period when he died a successful minister of the truth. The forest had given plaoe to the vineyard, the fruitful field, and the thronged city. Temples of worship met the eye, and senates, warehouses, and banks bore their testi mony to the progress whioh had been made. The very sands npon whioh their departed friend trod, and which tor ages had only been marked by the ripple of the ocean and the occasional footprints of the wild sea-bird, now formed the promenade where invalids delighted to drink In health, and where the little child loved to bnild iti mlmlo castle of sand. These things we're but the types and symbols of the matured spiritual changes which Mr. Stow looked upon. He had laid in the heart of South Australia the principles ot freedom and righteousness which it would require ages yet unborn to work into beauty and give them exquisite finish. (Applause.) If he had done deeds like this ought they not to honor him? Egypt Persia, and Paris had raised magnificent monnments to tbe memory of their Illustrious dead. They, - however, did not ask them to erect a column or arche de triumphc; butx a temple to the - living God. A column would be useless, and an arche de triumphe would not serve the purpose they had in view; they asked for a temple in which there should be the true Bethsalda, where the halt, and tha blind, and tha maimed could receive a heavenly healing. Now they asked that night for their hearty and cheerful co-operation in the work. They did not ask a bankrupt to give, bat only those who had abundance, and who would give cheerfully oat of that abundance. In conclusion, ba asked that they would make. their previous promises and oontribattouR appear as brass and Iron— using the words of prophecy— compared with the gold and eilver which they were willing to pour into the House of God. (Plaudits.) The collection was then made, and the anthem '? The Lord Is King' was very excellently snug. Mr. K. A. Tabxtos said he had been requested by tbe Committee to state that tha sale of tickets had realized £20, the trays £11, and ihe collection that night £68— making a total of £101, which they regarded only a drop compared with the ocean which they expeoted to get. He then an nounced that as that was a favorable opportunity, collectors would past down this aisles to obtain promises of sums whioh any persons might wish to give. After some Interruption, oocaslonad. by the collection, the Chairman announced that the third resolution, which it was intended the Bev. J. Jefferis should move, and the Rev. J. Lyall second, was allowed to elapse. The motion whtoh they were to have spoken to ;-vas as fol lows: — 'That this meeting wonld rejoice in any existing indications of a closer union and more cordial fellowship between different sections of the Church of Christ, and earnestly prays that the progress of truth and charity may destroy the evils -of sectarianism, and that In this favored community may be seen the goodly spectacle of ' brethren dwelling together in unity.' ' The Rev. J. MADOHAM then moved the fourth resolution. as follows— ??That the thanks of this meeting are due, and are hereby cordially presented to the ladies for their exer tions in providing the tea, to His Honor the Chief Justice for presiding, and to the choir for their services.' .He ex pressed regret that the meeting had lost tbe - speeches of Mr. Jefferis and Mr. Lyall, but said be felt glad at being present, because it gave him the opportunity of doing homage to the memory of one whom he had not the pleasure of knowing, but whose praise was in all the Churches, and whose name would live in connection with the ecclesiastical history of the oolony when they had- passed into eternity- He was also pleased In attending that meeting, because it gave him an opportunity of associating himself with the festivities oonneoted with one of the oldest and moat Important ohurohes of the colony. Another source of pleasure -in being present was to evince his sympathy for that Church, ana with every other Christian effort which had for its objeot the extension of the Churoh of Christ. Mr. Tarlton had said they did not wish to erect an arche de trtumphe ; but as the roof was] to be hexagonal they would at any rate have' a hexagon de triumphe. He trusted that the friends of the cause would continue to contribute towards the building, reminding them that in so doing they were doing honor to themselves. He humorously alluded to the assistance of the ladies, and referred to the honor whioh was conferred upon the Church by their having the Chief Justice as one of the members o the congregation, so able and so willing to preside at meetings like that. He wished that be and the Wesleyans had a Ohief Justice in eaoh. of their congregations. The Choir bad discoursed to themdellalous muslo and deserved equally with the otherB a vote of thanks. Mr. G. A Lloyd, of Sydney, in a few appropriate words, seoonded the - motion, but before sitting down said he should not like to leave the oolony without doing something for the proposed Memorial Church. If, therefore, nine gentlemen would subscribe £10 eaoh by next Thursday, when he would leave, he would consent to make the tenth. (Cheers.) The motion was carried, and suitably acknowledged by His Honor the Chlaf Jnstioe. The Rev. C W. Evan mentioned that he bad received that evening a obeque of £io as a thank offering from a person belonging- to another Churoh, and added that If any others wished to signify their gratitude in a similar way the Committee would be happy to afford them a channel through whioh that gratitude might flow. The Doxology was sung, after whioh the Rev. J. Graham pronounced tbe Benediction, and the proceedings, which were mott auspicious from beginning to end, terminated. A correspondent has favored us with the following: ' At the last district meeting of the Ancient Order of Foresters the district officers were empowered to - grant dispensations and open Sanctuaries of the Ancient Order of Shepherds in this colony. The firBt Sanctuary of Shepherds in connection with the Adelaide District of Foresters was opened accord ingly on Friday, February 3, at the Oourt-room of Court Adelaide, London Inn, Flinders-street. Thirty two brothers were initiated by the district officers ; after which the election of officers was proceeded with, and the choice was made as follows : — Pastor, Brother L. B. ^Matthews; Sub-Pastor, Brother J. H. S herring; Treasurer, Brother Dobie; Scribe, Brother Wm. Shierlaw; First Attendant, Brother Hemmingway ; Second Attendant, Brother John Sannders ; First Keeper, Brother B. J. McCarthy ; Second Keeper, Brother Hansom. It was resolved that the meetings should be held every ~ fourth Friday, and drinking and smoking ere prohibited daring the hoars of business,' 