THE THEATRES. THE ROYAL. - THE OPERA COMPANY. It was given to the well dreBsed crowds who filled dress circle, stalls, boxes, and pit of the Theatre Royal on Saturday night last to experienco another disappointment. Madame Lucy Escott, the most favoured of all tho prima donnas who have visited Australian shores, was still too ill to appear. Conse- quently, for the woes of Verdi's phthisical heroine the gay and elegant music of Aubor's "Fra Dlavolo" was substituted. In the absence of the one bright and particular star, a better election could hardly havo been made ; for the exigencies of the piece admit of the lesser lights of the company bolng tolerably fairly placed. Though the change of opera was not made known till late in the day, the performancs was marked by a very reasonable degree of excellence, and Its mounting was irreproachable. There is a good deal in " Fra Diavolo" to please the English mind and car, and It always holds a high place in our estimation, In spite of its many absurdities. Whero it is lively, its gaiety is most inspiriting ; and while tho Claude-Duval-ish airs of tho genteel brinaud aro eminently calculated to please the ladies, the sweet girlish simplicity of Zerlina will nlways have its charms for the sterner sex, Bey ond, it is rather poor, and the chief solos, though adapted to a batrel- organ popularity, are composed of somewhat flimsy materials. Thus. Zerllna's air in tho first act, known to tho English as "On yonder rock reclining," is a tiiumph of musical arrangement, but not of the higher qualities of melody ; and the barcarolle, "Young Agnes, beauteous flower," which Mr. Squires appropriately sings in Zsrlina'a bedroom just at tho time ho wishes to bo thought securely hidden, is only acceptable becauso it suits the plainest musical understanding, and enables the singer to show off his voice. Mr. Squires, who has somo three or four notos moro exquisite than the rest, intro- duced them carefully to his audience on this occasion, and was rewarded by a tremendous encore. It was just as well for the success of the piece that Madame Rosalie Durand sang and acted tbepartofZerllnaand Mr. Squires that of the rascally hero as well as they did, otherwiso the performance would have been terribly flat, for the impersonations of Beppo and Lady Allcash were misfits ; nor could the genial humour of Mr. F. Lyster enable him to carry off well the compact mass of absurdities comprised in the character of Lord Allcash. He is the conventional continental English- man, with a vengeance. Had Italian words been used, perhaps the audience would havo showed the feeling expressed in Haynes Bayley's lines : " Tho English words soein so phlegmatic. Italian 1» nrlBtocratic. I know tlmt tho soinnl Is ecstatic, Whatever tho moaning may bo ;" but as it was, the few melodramatic situa- tions alone prevented a good deal of weari- ness. The orchestra, excellently conducted by Mr. G. Loder, played the overture à merveille, and failed not during the ovening. An ab- breviated edition of the " Lily of Killarney" concluded the performance; and wo have only to say that it was capitally cast, and ex- tremely well performed. Familiar as it is to the public, even during this season, it will be difficult to hear Madame Durand, Mr. Beau- mont, Mr. Wharton, and Mr. F. Lyster under more favouiahle circumstances. Two words to the management. A very large proportion of those who have been con- sistent in supporting the opera in Victoiia hope that Mr. Lyster will givo them some- thing substantial-say the "Huguenots" before he goes. Moreover, tho wretched box keeping, which spoilt so many tempers on every full night during last week, is not cre- ditable to the authorities of the theatre We moy add the generally expressed opinion that, to prevent disappointment, timely notice should be given to the public of Madame Escott's indisposition. THE HAYMARKET. The " Peep o' Day," produced at the Hay- market Theatre on Saturday night, suggests more than a passing notice, as it rather strik- ingly illustrates the preseut condition of dra- matic literature. Fancy the sensation to the ghosts of Aristotle, Horace, and Dr. Johnson to see sublime heroic'on Its stilts, and the im- mutable law of five nets, and no more, trans- mogrified into Colleen Bawns and Peep o' Days for the admiration of an enlightened nineteenth century. The author of the latter drama is a man of cultivation, and with an enthusiasm for his art but rarely shared by those who havo obtnined any contemporary name. Ho had written a goodly list of plays on classic models, excellent in construc- tion, striking in character from a stage view, with poetical language-perhaps over- abun- dant in flowers aud other excellences of the day, that only wanted the ray of genius; which productions had their patronising ap- plause and popularity from those who think it the coirect thing to admire all of novelty authoritatively pronounced worthy of admi- ration. Mr. Dion Boucicault had, how- ever, found in sensation drama tho way to make £30,000 by stage carpentry and "the Colleen ; " and Mr. Edmund Falconor, as one who must pltaBO to live, was constrained to follow. " The Colleen " begat a newer sensation, with a very striking resomblanco to tho dark-haired mamma. The Eily heroine in the one became Kathleen in the other ; Stephen Purcell, Eeq., vice Hardress Grogan, Esq., genteel villain ; and Barney O'Toolo, tho Bayard of virtuous low life, did only a little more than change names with Mr. Mylos-na Coppalsen. There is the samo stagey version of history In the amiable contrasts of the ex- treme crusts of society-a bloated and bullet stricken aristocracy persecuting "the finost pisantry of the world," and equal jig-dancing, whiskey drinking, and philoprogonitivenosp, in proof of their forlorn unhnppiness. Thore is this oue marked distinction in the main attractions of the respectivo pieces, that Myles took his celebrated " header " after the Colleen in diitress in a watery cave, whereas Barney (and here Mr. O'Neil, actor, took a decided liberty with Mr. Falconer, author) comoB down » precipice on a tree to the rescue of Kathleen in ditto, and from a newly dug grave in a perfectly dry and picturesque formation, which the present stato of goolog'cal scienco on the stage does not enablo us to name ac- cording to M'Coy. Ono moto parallel, and we have done. Mr. Boncicault waa ono of tho best nctors of Irish characters on the English Btoge. and Mr. Falconet had very considerable ability and some supoiiotity in tho same lino. This, per- chance, may serve tho turn of excuse for the enlightened British public who showered re- wards on the Bouclcaults and Falconers which the Shakßpeares and Drydens never enjoyed. If, then, this tale of two dramas illustrates, without rendering illustrious, our dramatic position, It at least proves that Mr. Falconer has as much right to his success as Mr. Boucicault, in splto of priority ; and the well-filled house at the Haymarket on Satur. day took this view of tho caso. And in trnth the "Peep o' Day" ia well made to please. The character of Barney OToole was written by Mr. Falconer (in Irishman) for himself, with all his knowledge as a thorough dramatic artist and of national character. It Is not surprising, therefore, thnt bo good a comedian as Mr. O'Neil should have sustained it with an ability not surpassed on any previous occasion. It was thoroughly hearty, and tho genuino humour of the original not only naturally rendered with the fidelity of an artist-actor, but pointed with a delicacy (hat proved the exist- ence of a native humour in the person a tor akin to that conceived for the personation. His roally beautiful singing, which is delicate art in its woy, too-art sweetly covering na ural deficiency of vocal power-received again the heartiest npplauso In, " Wilt thou be my bride, Kathleen ?" the " Shan van Vogbt," "Kathleen aroon," and the "Boys of Kilkenny." Mrs. W. Hill as Kathleen and Mr. Milne as Black Mullen?, the counterpart of Danny Mann, stood out prominently from, on the whole, a very eftVctlve cast. Tho afterpiece was " Tho Limerick Boy," in which Mr. O'Neil, as Paddy Miles, kept the audionco in roars of laughter for tho remainder of the evening. ^^^^^^^^^^^ 