*HF LATE DR. CAHILL-PANEGYRIC TH BY REV. B. O'REILLY. ' (From the TabkL) The following is the sermon delivered on the occasion of the funeral obsequies of the late Rev. Dr Cahill. When we consider the brief time allotted to the Rev. gentleman to prepare for the ? :„„ an^hiii various avocations, the oroduc lion is creditable to him, and worthy of the occasion : ' AH these have gained glory in their generations, and were praised in their day's.' — Ecclesiasticus, 44 c.7v. ' , Such is the praise given by the inspired writer to tbe fathers of the patriarchal dispensation. And these holy patriarchs were eminently worthy of divine praise for their exemplary zeal and fidelity in the propagation of the faith. 'All these have gained glory in their generations, and were praised in their days.' They gained glory by the exalted position to which God elevated tbem. They were praised fcr their fidelity in guarding and preserving the faith ; they were in their generations the defenders and the honor of tbe Church. And, my brethren, cannot I, with the strictest propriety, apply these inspired words to tbe distinguished priest and patriot, whose ob sequies we solemnize to-day? Yes, foremost assuredly he has gained glory with his generation, and has been universally and most justly praised. The patriarchs gained glory and were praised by their generations because they were faithful ministers of God's Church. Dr, Cahill has obtained glory in his generation by the exalted position to which his talents and varied learning and science elevated him. And be has been justly and generally praised, for, during a comparatively long life, he deveted bis great talents and energies to the defence of his Cburch and the interest of his country. Of the ' many attributes which constituted his character and marked his course through life, an ardent and almost enthusiastic love of his Church, his country, and bis race, was prominently conspicu ous. His profound science, bis great and exten sive theological knowledge, and his varied erudition, are acknowledged to have been of the highest order. And with such acquirements, such profound science, was most happily combined the highest order of oratory, and he was a great defender of his faith— an ardent lover of Ireland and the Irish race. He loved the Church of Christ with an unchanging, ardent love, because her deep and immutable foundations were laid by -the right hand of Je3us Christ. And it -was most congenial to bis elevated mind and appre eiative taste to love with ardent zeal the Church raised up, as the Apostle expresses it : 'A glorious Cburch, without spot or wrinkle, the spouse of her Divine Founder.' The love of the Church of God was the day-dream of his youth, and made a deep and enduring impression on his young heart. And having selected tbe priest hood as his profession, he applied his splendid talents with the strictest assiduity to the acqui sation of the knowledge necessary for his exalted destiny. And his efforts were crowned with the most brilliant success. His course of studies are ^finished ; he is ordained, and sent to minister at the altar ; to labor in the arduous duties of mis sionary life he is a curate, nothing more for he has just been introduced to the Sanctuary : edi fying for his zeal deveted to the interests of tbe people, mild, affable, humblfe, manifesting on all occasions the most exemplary respect and re verence for bis superiors in office. He knew that from God's kingdom, above the stars, the rebel lious spirits were flung down deeply into the dark abyss where sorrow reins and hope does not «xist. And he knew, too, that God's kingdom on earth should be marked by a similitude com municated from God's kingdom above. Hence the uniform defence, respect and obedience which wr. Cahill ever manifested to ecclesiastical au ™or.lty- What a noble trait in the character of the vanstian 1 The young priest was the subject of [he great Dr. Doyle, and that distinguished 'pre late recognised in Dr. Cahill every qualification or mind and manner, all the talents and the varied acquirements to warrant a brilliant future ?-that he is destined to move in a high sphere w resolve in a brighter orbit; and he calls; him away from the duties of the missionary life1 to a professorship in Carlow College. And (there teaching others, and perfecting the studies which «e had made in college, he acquires under the tu wiage and instruction of the great Bishop Doyle, ?o perfe:t a mastery over theological science,1 con ttituhonal laws and general ecclesiastical know «age, as to entitle him in the use which he has made of tnese rare acquirements, to rank next, Perhaps, to the immortal ' J. K. L.,' as a great Poacher and a defender of the faith. 'All these have gained glory in their genera tions, and were praised in their days.' Dr. Doyle was the master spirit not only of Ireland but of Europe, in bis day. It is a matter of fact, an historical fact that the greatest states men of the British Empire did homage to him as a statesman and a scholar, and sought his advice in the most trying crisis of their country. But as tbe defender of his faitb, Dr. Doyle's shone with peculiar lustre. He was tbe impene trable shield of Catholic faith in Ireland. All tbe talents of the Church, as by law established, were brought to bear against him. The name of his assailants was legion, and the Protestant Archbishop, M'Gee, generalissimo of the polemi cal legions. But the great Bishop, by his letters of imperishable fame, gains a most brilliant victory in defence of his Church, as the defender of bis faith. A missile from the Protestant camp is occasionally aimed at Dr. Doyle, but the enemy is vanquished. Dr. Doyle is called to receive the reward of bis virtues and brilliant advocacy of his Church, and his mantle would seem to have descended on Dr. Cahill, communicating, if not all, at least many of the exalted gifts of the great Bishop. Dr. Cabill appears more pro minently than hitherto before the people. His talents were known, and only required an oc casion to shine with their own captivating splendor. The occasion is given. He is invited to Dublin, to England, and to Scotland, on great occasions, and never haB be appeared that he did not command the admiration of tbe learned of ail classes and creeds by the brilliancy of his oratory, and the clearness and precision of his logic. In all his sermons, tbe character of the perfect gentleman and the charitable priest are con spicuous. He assails the tenets of no sect. He is the lucid and able expounder of bis own faith — never the aggressor of tbe faith of others. Even great men and distinguished scholars sometimes mystify their subjects by the illustra tions which they use. But never have I beard a lecturer, or a preacher, so happy in his illustra tions as Dr. Cahill. He had the real faculty, ever a test of a great mind, of bringing the truths of religion and the development of tbe principles of science to the comprehension of the most learned or intellectual at the same time. But, notwithstanding his charitable and un obtrusive manner in his lectures and sermons, he is assailed. He is challenged to public dis cussions by the ministers of modern creeds. But how eminently worthy of Dr. Cahill the reply which he gives to their gratuitous challenges, ' Silly men. Think you that I will submit to the judgment and decision of an impassioned people the title deeds, marked with the seal of heaven, which Christ gave to His Church as tbe pledge of enduring and infallible truth ; The Church of God is immutable and infallible in her divine constitution, as God is by nature. Im mutability and infallibility are attributes of tbe Church of God, for God the Holy Ghost is tbe superintending and tbe teaching principle in the Church, and, therefore, her faith cannot change. Your Cnurch, * as by law established,' is ever changing, and a practical contradiction, as in the Gorbam case. For in that memorable case, tbe Queen and tbe Lords assembled decreed that Baptism may be held as a sacrament of regenera tion, or as an ordinance devoid of all regenerating efficacy, incapable of washing away the sin in which all the children of Adam were conceived, for your church, * as by law established,' does not subscribe to the dogma of the Immaculate Con ception. The next dogma to be submitted to her Royal Majesty and the Parliament of England may be the divinity of Jesus Christ, and if the Queen, Lords and Commons decide that Christ is not God, the Christian religion is ignored by * the Church of England, as by law established* ' Such is something like, but nothing equal to the stjle of Dr. Cahill's reply. And when the phalanx of Protestant ministers, called them selves 'Catholics,' Catholic ministers, ambas sadors of God, Dr. Cabill replied : 'You cannot assume such a title by right of time, title or gene ration, as the lineal descendants of the Apostles. You may call yourselves * Catholic, ambassadors of Christ, but, like sparrows hatched under the shadow of an eagle's nest, the spuriousneis of your generation becomes clear as ..the sun whan you are brought under the test of the Gospel light. You stand in contradiction to the Holy Ghost. You say that each member, with the Bible in hand, is infallible ; but that your church, in all its members, is fallible, foolish, and subject to errors. But the Holy Ghost says that 'every man is a liar,' and that in the multitude thira is wisdom. You are a moral contradiction ; your creed is a libel on the Gospel.' I do not remember the Doctor's words, but this is like what he used to say. I have not had an hour to prepare, my friends. I am sure I do not nor cannot do justice to the great Doctor, but, nnder the circumstances, I do the best I can. But the historian will do justice to tbe character of the great defender of his faitb. Dr. Cahill need not a panegyrist, for his name is written on the age in which he has lived, written in indelible characters as the defender of his faith, and tbe ardent lover of Ireland and the Irish race. But some have found fault with him ' because he was a politician.' Dr. Cahill was not a poli tician by choice or desire. He was a devoted priest, a great scholar and a defender of his faitb, not a politician by profession. The great apostacy of the sixteenth century, among other evile, ovoked the most malignant passions and persecutions. The Anglo-Saxon, true to his hereditary' instincts for the loaves and fishes, for pelf and power, prayed, to use Dr. Cahill's own expression, ' as tbe King or the Queen willed, or the Prime Minister commanded, or the Parliament decided, was religiously Catho lic under Mary, and sternly Protestant under the boy Edward and his virgin sister Bess.' But the Irish held tbe faith of their fathers through weal and woe, through persecution and spoliation —suffered all an abandoned all for Christ and bis Holy Church. Ireland was shackled with penal laws, and dragged at the tail of a foreign nation when Dr. Cahill was born. For tbe sake of con science, every avenue to place and power, and to social position, was closed against the Catholics of Ireland. But though Ireland was in sorrow and in chains, the spirit of freedom burnt ardently in the people's heart, and God sent them an eman cipator in the person of Daniel O'Connell. His great talents, his profound knowledge of consti tutional laws, and, above all, his incorruptibility as a man and a patriot commanded the respect and secured the confidence of . tbe Irish Hierarchy and the Irish people. The chain must be broken, but never could without unity of sentiment -paid ?determination in action. Tbe Irish, people had to be taught a great moral lesson — to abandon divisions and act as one man. ^'political circle is established— O'Connell, and the immortal Dr. Doyle, and Dr. MacHale, ' the lion of tbe fold of Judab,' and the Hierarchy of Ireland, constituting the strong centre, and Dr. Cahill a brilliant radius. The energies of the people are raised up, as by a moral level, and Ireltmd stands forth in her. struggle for freedom, the admiration of Europe and of tbe world. A grand effort is made to perpetuate the oppression and the degradation of Ireland, and the Duke of York, in tbe House of Lords, vulgarly swears by the .throne of heaven, that the chain which bound the Catholics of Ireland should never be broken. But O'Connell continues his agitation. The blessings of the sainted Doyle, and of the .Hierarchy of Ireland, descend as a spirit of strength on the great Btruggle, and the world is taught a lesson, that the harmonious, determined will of a people seeking freedom, is irresistable. The chain is broken— the tree of oppression sinks to rise no more— the manacles are strieken off tbe Irish people. Such was the strength and efficiency of the circle of which O'Connell and the Hierarchy of Ireland was the centre. We hear of numerous circles in our day; but these circles have not the blessings of the Church, and are, therefore, impotent. A circle without a centre is as much a fantasy in politics, as it is a contradiction in science. Then, my friends, Dr. Cahill was, to tome extent; a politician, hot through choice, but through tbe necessities of tbe Irish people, whom he loved. Dr. Doyle was a; politician, not through desire, or taste, but 'through his ardent love of hie people and bis native land. The Irish Hier archy and the Clergy were politicians through the same motives, and no political struggle can ever be successful in Ireland in which the clergy are not the soul and .the -centre. The Cburch is the only power that ean raise up the Irish people to harmony and unity oi action, and they who think differently know not the Irish people. Division is weakness. In union there is strength. Then you, my friends, in common with our countrymen, have ever recognized Dr. Cahill as the able defender of bis faith and ardent love? of Ireland and the Irish race, and I am proud that you have paid this tribute of respect to his services and his merits. When the grave closed over Dr. Doyle, Dr. Cahill stood forth the brilliant and successful defender of bis faith. When th« grave closed over O'Connell, Dr. Cahill would seem to have received his mantle almost in the plenitude of its inspiration. For surely he walked in the footsteps of O'Connell, doing battle for his country, and exposing with a master-hand the perfidy and injustice of great ? ' ? ? J- — — onejj in high places. But Dr. Cahill's love for the Irish people was unchanging; you might see him follow them to every seaboard town, and there standing on tbe deck of the emigrant ship soothing their wants, and consoling both old and young as they were leaving for the land of the stranger, never again to see the green hills of their own dear land which embraces the bones of their fathers deep in her bosom. But, oh 1 my friends, it is sad to think that Dr. CahilFs honored remains are not intombed in some bright sunny spot in tbe green soil which be loved so ardently and served so well — where the breeze, receiving freshness and fragrance from the Western mountains, would blow softly over him while he awaits the Resurrection. THE FUNERAL, INCIDENTS, RESOLUTIONS, &C.; Quite a number of women walked from the Church to the graveyard, a distance of six miles. To Capt. John M. Tobin, Dr. Morris, Capt. M. C. Maguire, Patrick Kidney, John McDonald, and other gentlemen, the community were in debted for tbe admirable arrangements of the funeral. Tbe kindness of the good Sisters of Charity to the Doctor is well described by Gerald Griffin : ' Unshrinking, where pestilence scatters his breath ?; Like an angel she moves 'mid the vapors of death; Where rings the loud musket and flashes the sword, Unfearing she walks, for she follows her Lord. How sweetly she bends o'er each plague- tainted face, With looks that are lighted with holiest grace ; How kindly she dresses each suffering limb, For she sees in the Doctor the image of Him !'? Tbe immediate cause of the Doctor's death was disease of the kidneys. Last summer he was sun-struck whi'e going from a friend's to his own residence, from which he never fully recovered. He also suffered from heart disease and asthma. It required a combination of diseases to break his great frame. Among those who attended the funeral from New York was Mr. Michael Quinn, a very dear friend of the Doctor's. At a large: and respectable meeting of the Catholics of Boston, at St. James* Church, on tbe 30th ult., a committee was appointed to draft a series of resolutions expressive of the deep sorrow of the community for tbe great departed. . The committee reported the following: Resolve^,, That in the death of Rev. Daniel W. Cahill, D.JD., the Roman Catholic Church laments the loss of an illustrious priest whose life was devoted to the promulgation of her faitb, and who by, his labors extended tbe benign influence of her sacred teachings, Resolved, That with greatful recognition we record that, from tbe first moment of bis entering upon the duties of his sacred mission uutil the close of his mortal career, he upheld with un faltering arm the banner of our Holy Church, and zealously promoted its steady welfare throughout the world. The numerous churches, colleges, seminaries of learning and religious orders, the hospitals and: asylums called into existence by his industry and energy, will long remain to, perpetuate the memory of hia5religious zeal and the benevolence of his heart. Resolved, That we recall with pride the many instances in which Dr. Cahill stood forth as tbe champion of our faith, of education and civil and religious liberty ; illustrating in his career the virtues of a patriot priest and the ability of a statesman anxious for the welfare of bis country ; be deeply sympathized with her sufferings and sorrow, his eloquent and powerful voice being always raised in advocacy of her rights and in indignation against her wrongs. The land of his birth will cherish the remembrance of hjs dis interested patriotism and devotion to tier interest and benor. Resolved, That while we bow' in humility to the dispensation of the Almighty, who. has taken from us our great advocate, we are consoled by tha reflection that the memory of kis virtues and labors, will endure to animate those wh-sv are to follow him in the holy mission of charity, edu cation and our holy religion, with bis spirit of devotion to the advancement of our hely faitb, our race, and the greater glory of God. Rosolved, That these resolutions be inserted in tbe Catholic papers of the United States, British, Provinces and Ireland. Patrick Donahoe, Chairman. Edwaito Ryan, Secretary. Tho debate in the Piedmontese Senate on tho Convention ot September and tbe transference of the capital to Florence, has been animated And interesting. Ministry have been challenged to produce other despatches than thoBe which they have laid before Parliament; this they have steadily refused to do, though of tha existence of further correspondence there is no doubt. 