CHEMISTS AND DRUGGISTS. IT seems strange that it should be found difficult to obtain for the British public protection against the dangers which arise from the sale of medicines by persons utterly ignorant of their qualities and effects. But there are formidable obstacles arising, on the one hand, from the reluctance of chemists and druggists to be taught anything, and, on the other, from the fear entertained by some medical-practitioners that they may be taught too much. The apothecaries were originally, as their name signifies, nothing more than keepers of general shops, like those which still exist in country places, for the sale of everything from laudanum to a pair of boots. Afterwards they be I came more exclusively dealers in drugs and chemicals, and it was their business to compound the medicines which the physician prescribed. Gradually they undertook to prescribe as well as to compound, and, at the same time, it began to be felt that some test was necessary of the fitness of men who had assumed such important duties. Ultimately, examinations were imposed, and the apothecaries became established as the most numerous class of practitioners of the healing art. The business of selling drugs and chemicals now devolved upon another class of tradesmen, who have in turn encroached upon the province of the medical profession, and are likely to encroach upon it still more in proportion as they are induced or compelled to acquire some of the knowledge which enables that profession to perform its duties. This, however, is a matter which concerns only a fraction of a class, while it concerns society that nobody should meddle with medicines who does not understand their properties. The objection of the chemists and druggists to being educated will obtain even less sympathy, but it is to be observed that the objection to some of them is not absolutely to examinations, but only to examinations conducted by the Pharmaceutical Society, between which and the Society of Chemists and Druggists, which is of more recent origin, there rn- evailsau intense jealousy. The demands which the existing examinations of the Pharmaceutical Society make in the way of knowledge are not large, and the demands which would be made by the examinations which have been proposed by the Society of Chemists and Druggists seem to be ridiculously small ; but whether either of these societies, or some new society, shall be taken to represent the general body of chemists and druggists is a question which concerns the public only in this respect, that it is desirable that the conduct of examinations, if there are to be any, should be placed in efficient hands. Bills have been brought into the House of Commons by both the rival societies, and after some discussion have been referred to a Select Committee, which will endeavour to reconcile their conflicting claims. 1 he older society is represented in the House by Sir Fitzroy Kelly, and the younger by Sir John Shelley. The Pharmaceutical Society was incorporated by Royal Charter in 1843, and the year 1852 it was empowered, by a statute called the Pharmacy Act, to conduct examinations and establish registers of examined persons and members of the society. The word "pharmaceutical" is obviously a derivative of the Greek word which is sometimes translated "poison" and sometimes remedy." A chemist and druggist is a person who deals in all the substances, mineral and vegetable, from which remedies are prepared and it would seem that the addition of the word "pharmaceutical" adds nothing to the idea which would be conveyed by the words " chemist and druggist " simply. But this word " pharmaceutical" is at any rate a long word, and probably it is understood by those who bear it as designating a chemist and druggist of superior education and intelligence. The advantages, whatever they may be, of the designation are, by the Act of 1852, restricted to persons registered under the Act, and no person can now be registered unless he passes an examination, which certainly affords security for the possession of a competent degree of knowledge. It is proposed by Sir F. Kelly's Bill to provide that shops for the com- pounding of prescriptions shall only be kept by registered chemists and druggists, and that, except in the case of persons now in business, registration shall only be granted on passing the examination of the Pharmaceutical Society. It is certain that the Society of Chemists and Druggists will oppose with all it might the proposal to place the conduct of examinations in the hands of the rival body and it might be possible and expedient to construct a board which, should inspire public confidence at the same time that it conciliated the support of chemists and druggists generally. We do not, however, think that Sir John Shelley's proposal to commit the appointment of examiners to a council to be composed of twenty-one gentlemen to be annually elected from the general body of chemists and druggists," would be likely to inspire public confidence ; nor do we think that an examination in the nature of drugs and medicines in general use, with their doses," would secure the possession of adequate knowledge. There is reason to suspect that that under the authority of the twenty-one " gentlemen," an easy test would be applied in the mildest possible way. At the present time, chemists and druggists not only make up prescription', but actually prescribe themselves to a very great extent. There seems to be NO prospect of their being restrained from prescribing, and, therefore, it would be a great public gain to diminish the risk of their committing grievous errors. In this view, the proposal of the Pharmaceutical Society to examine in " the Latin language, Botany, Materia Medica, and Pharmaceutical Chemistry as the test of qualification for a chemist and druggist, does not appear to contemplate an extravagantly high standard. In several Continental countries the ordinary drug dispenser would pass such an examination without difficulty. There would still be a nothing to prevent anybody from putting blue and red bottles in a window, or to restrain the sale of drugs, either simple or compounded ; but the use of the designations " Pharmaceutical Chemist," or " Chemist and Druggist," or " Chemist," or " Drug- gist," by unqualified persons would be prohibited; and if people chose to trust unqualified persons in matters affecting health, they must be left to take the consequences. This, at any rate, is the conclusion of the clients of Sir Fitzroy Kelly, who propose only to prohibit " carrying on the business of a chemist and druggist in the keeping of open shop for the com- pounding of the prescriptions of duly qualified medical practitioners, as well as the use of the titles above enumerated, by persons who shall not be duly registered. It is urged by the opponents of the Pharmaceutical Society that their proposal is better adapted for large towns than for small and secluded villages. Lord Elcho told the House of Commons that, having occasion to get a prescription made up, he had to go to the post-office of a village, which he found to be a store for the sale of almost every article, from fiddles to hobnails. But if a village cannot support a pharmaceutical chemist, it usually does support, although in a poor and mean way, a doctor, as he would be called, who is probably both surgeon and apothecary and no doubt such a doctor would consent, on an emery gency, to make up a prescription of another doctor practising in a more conspicuous sphere. It maybe that the far-shooting Apollo, having some family influence over pharmacy, took Lord Elcho under his special care, but it would probably be imprudent in ordinary people to have their prescriptions made up at a village post-office. It would, at any rate be hard that large towns should not have protection because small villages cannot afford to pay for it. There is an almost immeasurable distance between Professor Faraday and a shopkeeper who displays coloured bottles on one side of his door and grocery on the other, and yet both are called chemists. It may be that the heads of the Pharmaceutical Society belong rather to the class of the professors than to that of the country shopkeeper, and it is possible that if they were uncontrolled, they would fix the standard of examination higher than would be suitable to the wants and duties of that numerous body of persons who, although Sir John Shelley's bill makes them gentlemen, would not object to be called trades- men. But it would be easy to correct this tendency, if it exists, by infusing a little common sense into the proceedings of a body which possibly sets too high a value upon science. There can, however, be little doubt that the Pharmaceutical Society-, whose examinations are satisfactory to the medical profession, and are the only recognised examinations for army dis- pensers, will satisfy the select committee that it deserves an increased amount of public confidence. "Whatever be the means employed, it is to be hoped that Parliament will ensure the competency of persons keeping open shops for dispensing medicines and com- pounding prescriptions Saturday Review. A VICTORIAN POLICEMAN At the Beechworth Police Court, on Monday, constable Michael Charles- ton was sentenced to one month's imprisonment, with hard labour, in the Police Gaol at Richmond, on a charge of neglect of duty in allowing a prisoner to escape. It appeared that the constable, with his prisoner, a Chinaman, took the coach at Morse's Creek the constable rode outside and the Chinaman inside. The latter was missed about half-an-hour after the coach stopped at Taylor's, in Bowman's Forest, and all pursuit by the constable was unavail- ing Argus, July 8, A NOTORIETY OF THE TEMPLE. Miss Flight fell down dead in the Middle Temple last week. Dickens' readers know her as the little lady who was always hovering about the courts and behaving eccentrically. Doubtless she was considered a mere pen-and-ink sketch from fancy, but she was a fact, every inch of her. She would, we know, stop the most learned Judges that sit on the bench when in full swing of their awful judgment. She would rise and shake her lean weird first at the embodiment of wisdom and horsehair, and exclaim, " Oh, you vile man ! Oh, you wicked man ! Give me my property ! I will issue a mandamus and have your habeas corpus. " And having continued in a like fashion for a minute or two, she would bind up her papers in "red topcoat least, tape that had once been red, and followed her dirty fortunes for years-and either subside into the seat granted her beside the barristers, or depart triumphant from court. No usher had dared exclaim "Silence," or send forth the hush of the cackling animal, peculiar to that official. No barrister had nudged her under the fourth rib as he might have done another, and would have done had she been fairer. And the learned Judge, sitting patiently till the end, with a mild perspiration only rising on the tip of the nose to show that he was in any way put out, would then, as if nothing had occurred, resume the thread of his learned judgment, to be appealed against, perhaps, soon after. What the mystery is between Miss Flight and the Bar no one can tell. She may have been the embodiment of a peculiar wrong, and have appeared in the eyes of the bewigged as a sort of ghost threatening the evildoers with the shades. Perhaps she was pensioned merely out of some stray idea of benevolence. We scarcely thought of that in connection with the object of our comment, and yet to a certain extent it may be true, as she received from the right learned Middle Temple a sum of shillings per week which she added to a sum of shillings received from the light leamed Inner Temple, and so she supported life. But why the learned of the law gave something for nothing, and were afraid of, and respectful to the little woman let no man inquire. The little woman's soul has, however, fitted, and we can say that, after all, the few young lawyers who know naught of her history will send after her whither she had gone a word of regret.-? Court Journal. 