THE PRESENT CONDITION OF THE LONDON STAGE. The winter campaign,1864-5, is now fairly opened at the London theatres, aud although in one or two respects, and those not slight ones, the condition of our stage lius altered for the better since, in these articles, we began to join a special, sustained protest to our criticism, yet in other respects change has been for the worse, and we have, on the whole, no comforting balance to strike in the interests of literature. One great point lias been gained in the declared allegiance of Messrs Edmund Falconer and F.B. Charterton, the lessees of DKDBr LANE, to the true English drama. But vigorous and well, directed as the efforts of tbete gantlemen bare b?en, and are, they dig, as yet, only at the foundations of their proper work. They are forming a company that may some day be in all parts, as it is now in some parts, able to do justice to the wit and poetry of our own best dramatic literature; best of ours, best of the world's. In all that they have done, thus far, they have done well, restoring to their theatre public respect and liberal support. They have done well, thus far, in the honouring of Shakespeare and as their programme for the season, includesjMiss Faucii's representation of the Antigone of Sophocles and an original play by a writer from whom genuine pnetic effort is to be expected, and a good achievement fairly to he hoped for, it indicates sufficient knowledge of the portant truth, that to build out of Drury Lane a temple to Shakespeare alone would be rather hurtful than helpful to the true interests'of the English stage. Shakespeare's place in our acted drama should be the place of paramount honor; all his plays should be acted, and the greatest of them adorned, like the Drury Dane " Macbeth." with the best of stage effect. But Shakespeare must not pass with us for a genius so Titanic that, like the first-born of the gods, he too should hide other divine births in the earth, or swallow them into himself. If there bad been no Shakespeare, still England would have in her literature an array of dramatists unequalled by any other nation of the world. The names of some of them are to be seen, scrawled ornamentally, upon the ceiling of the Lyceum, by uny one who lifts his chin for a gape over, say one of the clever manager's dull conversa tioos with his borse in that tedious and incomprehensible farrago of imported rubbish which goes by the pointless title of "The King's Butterfly." Some of the men whose names are on that ceiling have written scenes through which the best actors might well aspire to stir the blood of Englishmen. At the Lyceum it may be a pleasant mockery to stick their names in ill-decipherable characters upon the roof; at Drury Lane we shall expect to see their genius astir again upon a London stage. Nearly all that is best from the worthy days of our own drama still is actable, with help of no more labour of adaptation than is spent in trimming, washing, and disinfecting—always more or less im. perfectly—the rotten morsels tint we steal from Paris. We wouder at our 6mall translators, who now take the name of dramatist? in vain, as Hamlet wondered at the queen who could ieave her fair mountain to batten on the barren moor. In moat essentials below the average of intellect—else how could they take to such work—these mere trinimerR of French plays are, indeed, not the men who should be allowed to touch a line oF Enul'-h poetry or wit; but our theatres ure alsn catered for by men quite capable of quarrying in the true English mine, and who would gladly do so if it were clearly understood that desecration of dramatic genius in great men of the past consists rather in wholly neglecting it than in adapting it to modern humours, and preserving for it an undying honor on its proper stage. Let any ailapters with a sense of literature in them use their wits freely on such play* as have been left to us by our "vlarlowes, Fords, and Mussingers, by Itcaumnnt and Fletcher, or Ben Jonson; let them strike out what cannot now be Raid or shown, strengthen their work by transferring from any other play any fine scene that can be cleverly worked iito it, piece together the best scenes with glue, thin though it be, of their own wit, into a new plot of their own finding, let them do what they will, in short, so long as they bring out of the grand old quarries true masses of our own dramatic poetry fairly shaped into an interesting play. No doubt they may feel at first something like men in a churchyard who are to remove the dead, aud have a double sense of desecration when the b jdies do not come up whole. But the sense of graveyard work is more in the anticipation than in actual contact with the wAr:n life of the past that glows throughout the proper English drama, contact that is ill pictured by images drawn either from stones of the quarry or the churchyard dead. Meanwhile if is something to have Shakespeare again at Drury Lane honestly attracting playgoers, who go rather to see some of his best characters well acted than to wonder at the skill of the scene- painter. The re-appearance of Miss Helen Faucit brought us "Cymbeline."for Imogen, the most beautiful of Sliakcspeare'n female characters, is that in which this lady seems most to delight and to excel, aud with this she desired, in returning to the London stage of which she was some yors since a chief ornament, to make her first impression. The play had been formerly acted at Drury Lnne with very good sccnery of its own, so that on its recent revival it was found to be in all respects well mounted, and the acting did not greatly impede the sense in following the exquisite freedom of the poet's fancy through the swiftly changing scene of British court' and Roman camp and royalty of man in savage mountain life. No mortal actors, perhaps, can fitly speak the lament of Guidcrius and Arviragus over the body of Fidele. There was inevitably much that jarred in the representation. But Miss Faucit was on the whole well supported, and she had Mr Phelps for Posthumus and Mr Creswick for lachimc, parts that no living' actors could have better filled. In its tenderness and grace of womanhood, in the simple piety that looks to the Gods when Imogen commits herself to rest or is about to read a letter from her husband, in the wife's absolute love and perfect innocence, void of false sli.inic, slow to believe ill, strong to resist it, Mi6s Faucit's Imogen is eloquent to our eyes even when she fails, now and then, to satisfy our ears. She is an nctress trained in the school of the ICembles, careful to make every gesture an embodiment of thought, too ^IXoV^he "''with"'uZ'ised^m 6 ! thr'oughout half the ,ree™h of I.JiLo^at Leg™, [ '' o h '""PPV Leonatusl" There is a graver fault of c x c e e a i Q first port of the representation of ^'un^Tu runs from the sound herself had made. The wamingof her error might lie found fn the fact that her pantomine here excites rather general laughter, where surely .Shakespeare never meant that even the dullest boor should grin. But that short «in of CKCCSJ is followed by the entry into the cavern, which is done most charmingly. \- Miss Faucii's voice is more often at fault; it fails her whenever she has a violent emotion to express, and passion sounds often like petulance. The voice may not obey the prompting of the will, or there may be defect of that higher dramatic genius which can make words sound as ' thoughts that breathe.' Whatever be the cause, she fails to express by voice such phases of the character of Imogen as we have in the scene with Pinanio near Milford Haven. Yet where the mere emotion to be expressed is more tender than violent she attains often,—(hough even then, perhaps, with a too visible art,—to the utmost delicacy of expression. An example of this is in her picture to Fisanio of how she would have strained her eye to look on her departing lord till he had melted from The smallness of a gnat to air; and then Have turned mine eye and wept. The sense of the final vanishing, and of the tears that follow it, is here exquisitely rendered by the actress. As Lady Macbeth Mits Faucit is less successful than as Imogen ; for the passion is more violent, and in the early part of the play, ehe does not represent the character as linving that self-control of a strong will which, with its subsequent ruin, was so remarkable a feature in the character as played by Madame Kiatori, with whom alone of her own day, in such a part, an actress like Miss Faucit, whatever hershortcoming, can properly be compared. *We mu&t; reserve until next Saturday, by which time we shall have seen the play again, a full account of her acting in this part; and of the Macbeth of Mr Phelps, one of the few of his Shakespeare characters that have notyc.t been described in the 'Examiner.'Of the general quality of the representation we have only the best report to give, Tue scenery supplies a series of pictures admirably fitted to the aclion of the play, but not strained to produce extravagant and showy stage effects. There is no patent ghost of Banquo, but the substantial Bauquo sits and stands for his own ghost, his appearance and disappearance being well contrived, ^but simply and without claptrap effects of any kind. The only concession to bad taste is iu the engagement of a large corps of witches for that " variety of singing and dancing,"by which Macbeth was recommended to the fine wits of the Restoration. " Macbeth" was accounted a poor play when Sir William, Davenant whom some thought to be Shakespeare's natural son, bu^ who was a most unnatural son, in ' this, rhymed it and polished it and brought as nearly as he could into the form of an operatic entertainment for which Mr Locke supplied the music. Choice dancers used to be engaged for the ballet in the cauldron scene; but while the music remains, the ballet is now reduced to a little modest capering, and "Macbeth,* except the burden of the too-much music, as now acted at Drury Laie is almost Shakespeare's—is Shakespeare as restored by Garrick, with a few of Garrick's "improvements," Macbeth's long dying speech for example, dulyjextirpated.—English Paper. ? ? 