The Gla&gow; lftarders. THE TRIAL AND CONfESSION OF BE. PRITCHARD. ~ ' AT 10 o'clock on Monday morning,July3rd, the trial of Dr. Pritcbard, on the ch«rge of murdering his wife and; inother-in-'aw in Glas- ROw, commenced in the,.High Court of.'Justiciary of,' Edinburgh, before the' Lordfjuatice Clerk, Lord Ardmilan, and Lord Jemswoode. 'J'he court-robmwaserowded, and manv were disappointed in obtaining admission. The indictmeiit-charged) he prisoner, with ^dnyn^tering tartarised antimony, aconite, and opium to his mother-in- law, Jane Cowper Taylor, in tapioca and in pdrter;or;beer, and fa a medicine cal'ed Battley's sedative so'ution, between the lOlli and 25th of February,. 1885, and it also charged him -with administering- on repeated, occasions iti Febiuary and March, 1885, tartar-' ised antimony an! aconi e. to his wife Mary "Jane Taylor Pritchard, in articles of food and of medicine. The prisoner entered the dock at 10 o'clock exactly, dressed in deep mourning. He was calm and self-possessed, ' and looked ' coolly, round the court when he had taken his seat. He is a stout, we l-built van,-prepossessing in nppearance, and with'-cbarply-defined; features. He wear> his hair Ion:;, ami has a large' bushy beard, but no moustache. The prisoner's brother. Charles Augustus Pritclinrd, secretary to the nava' commander-in-chief, Plymouth, by permission of the court took his seat beside him in the dock, and remained with him all day The prosecution was conducted, in ,the absence of the!L -rd Advocate in London,' by the Solici-. tor-General, assisted by . Mr. Gilford, and Mr. Crichton, advocate's depute; the defence was conducted by Mr. A- R. Clarke, Mr. William "Watson, and Mr. David faand, advocates. Th'i prisoner's counsel moved the Court to separate the two charges of murder, 1 on the ground that it embarra«sed the defence to try two crimes together. The Court unanimously re'used to grant the request. The prisoner was than called on to plead to the indictment, and in_ a- clear distinct voice he pleaded "Not .guilty," and a jury now having been empanel led, the evidence. for the prosecution commenced about half-past 11 o'cloek. The remainder of the day was occupied by the examination of five nitneeaes. three of whom were merely formal, and occupied only a few minutes. The two important witnesses were Catherine Li timer and Mary M'Leod. The jury retired to consider their rerdiot about twenty minutes past one o'clock, and returned in about an hour with an unanimous verdict of' Guilty" on both charges. The Lord Justioc Clerk then sentenced the prisoner to be executed at Glasgow on the 28th of July, and in passing sentence said that the verdict of the jury proceeded upon evidence which could leave no reasonable "doubt on the minds of thoseiy. whom it was considered. 1 he prisoner, wliohad maintained great composure throughout the five- days of the trial, seemed greatly affected when the verdict was' pronounced, and leant -slightly on the police* man sitting beside him, but while the sentence was' being recorded he completely regained his composure, -and after sentence was pas3ed npon him he bowed to the Judge, and also to the. jury, bsfore leaving the dock. After Dr. PritcUard's conviction he was removed from the bar of the 1 Justiciary Court, to the cell below, where : he partook of tea. Imme'd ately oh reaching the cell where the refreshments were set, lie said to one of the policemen who'liad -charge of him—"I'm innocent o( this charge.'" This was the only remark he made. On going to take his place in the van .he covered his face with his hat to prevent the large crowd through which he had to prss eazing upon him. On the ensuing night, July 7, the prisoner was very rest'ess. like a person in a fever. Me only slept about an h»ur. There wene .three warders with him a'.l night who engaged ™ religious exercises, the "prisoner joining willingly with them. He frequently asserted his innqoenee to-those around him; and said lie had been convicted by mistake. It appears he was so confident that the verdict would be in his favor, that on the Cth he slated to those around him, that he would immediately go south, and afterwards to Italy to join Garibaldi. On Saturday morning, "July Stlv, Dr. Pritchard was removed from- the Calton Gaol, Edinburgh, to Glasgow,-under the charge of a criminal officer ahd'-three assistants. : The pri* soner was attired in the . black suit which, he had on during the -trial. Befire leaving the goal he was shackled to the officers, and -he remained fastened in this way throughout the journey. He appeared quite composed and looked about him with the utmost coolness. His departure was witnessed by a large number of persons who had assembled an the platform The following extracts are from Dr. Pritchard's diary :—" 17th February, 1865.—Died here at 1 a.m., Mary Jane, -my own'beloved.wife, aged 38 years; no torment surrounded her bedside, but, like a calm, peaceful lamb-of God. passed Minnie away* May G d and Jesus, Holy Ghost, one in three, welcome Minnie. Prayer on prayer till mine be o'er, everlasting love. Save us, Lord, lor thy dear Son." 