A CORROBORATIVE SNAKE STORY. TnE Euston correspondent of tho Hlverinc UcraJd contributes the following 10 that journal. The Editor says :-Tlie story may seem to some a little imaginative. Whatever may be the case with regard to the actual wi iie--, we con at least vouch for the veracity of our corresponded. The surprising account of the"terrible mindi" recently seen by two men in the back country, occpied by the Afessrs Ijeverid^e, has erran d so much interest hereabouts that I am induced to relate a circumstance that r.ccurred not far from heie some years ago, before the Murray iti s could boast of lh ir Kiverine Her '1-1, and when the inexperience, not to Ray illnature of the people, led them to ridicule or tmpugu the veracity of eniko stories, or as they, in hush vernacular, termed thorn "snake yirns." Other wise I should not so U)I1^ have refrained from giving the following true story publicity : A gentleman, a s ranger to this wonderful valley, was riding up from Adelaide durinsx a time of drought, much like to the present BL-asm. There was a cowl fresh in the river, making the creeks swimtnable. The day was a tegular scorcher, bis horse knocked up, and he, weary, opprcss-d, and bewildered with the barrenness of tho surrounding country, when suddenly he caught sight of a r- freshing spot-an emerald mount, so graceful to the dry, hot Bight of man and beast Uut unf >r luuately on a nearer approach he observed it to be an islet, its watery belt too deep to be cro-sed by his half starved horse. H-iwever, being at] excellent swimmer, lie appreh«nded no difficulty in carrying on his It ad sufficient grass to sttisfy the present want of the wretched animal. Ho eas-d it of the sadle-there was no occasion for hobbles, then walked leisurely down the creek, looking for a favourable cross ng plitce, when, to his surprise, he saw a group of little animals like piss- wombits standing on the bank, wistfully looking »t the pasture fair on. the opposite tide ; a slight BCU(Hj commenced among them, and in, tho meantime ahuge log that Mr purposed walking river, began to rise up and up until it formed an arch quite clear from the water, except at tho ends, where it Uy seemingly deep buried in the mud. Again a commotiou ensued, evidently caused by each wishing to precede the other. Al l-n^th the dispnte was arranged by the biggest and apparently the oldest of the party m iking a siari over the impromptu bridge. Wotder, fear, and asto ntxhment held our traveller spell bound, mutely watching the nimble creatures fear lessly pass, one after the other until th» thirteenth and last was about to tike the final l ap, which would have landed hirn on terra firma. wh»n suddenly and noiselessly a huge mou'h, oil jaw, reared some feet Irr.m the water, seized and gulped down tho hxpl.-sa stranger. Then the slimy tvh-jlo beoame submersed, and all was still. The wholo thing was so systematically done; that no doubt the terrible raiudi- for I have no t esitatation in pronouncing it ono of this family-was in the daily practice of dining on one of these unsuspicious animals, wbils' apsis ting them over the water to the only feeding ground within a day's journey. We may premise from their struggle to get first that they, like the Chinese ducks, had 1-arnt the penalty of being last in the proces sion. "" " | My friend wound up his singular story-| which I have transcribed verbatim-by saying, I did not swim the creek for the grass, hut made tracks as fast as po- sible. DOG AVD CAT.-Canine affection for the pri s-rvation of life wi!) be i'lut- tratid by tho following remirkablo in.ci l.-r.t:-j\\. day or two ago, some mischievous boys threw over the Maida Hill Bridge, Kilburn Road, a large black cat, evidently with the intention of drowning it. The ca>, with as m iny lives as if in traditionally reputed to lltvo, STugt'led hard for life, and for sime miuut-8 endea voured to keep its head abive water; howsver, when puss was about to give up the ghost, a gentleman, happened to pass with a i good-sized terri»r (log, und at once directed the dog's attention to the difficulty nf pior puss. The gallant terrier at once dashed in I and swam to the rescue ; but his friendly efforts were met with such "cUwish" em hracements, thit Bevoral times he was obliged to retire. At length, after watcliiui his op portunity, he Beizad the cut by tho thick end of the tail, and amid the cheer3 of the :by etandors brought puss ashore. A case of this kind is probably not on record. A FBF.NOIIMAN'S COMPARISON OF LONDON AND PARIS, -According to the /'all Mali Gazette, a wi iter in La Revue ConiemporJine ehowa 'hat "Paris is like a prettv woman who aaptivatea you at first sight, but m whom you every day discover moral imperf^anons. all the more distress'ng because her countenance raised ynur expectations ; whereas London is, like a, plain woman who rivets your affec tions by her oliaruis of heart und mind." The extent of London ts fifty. square miles. Six-and-thirty different localities, now agglomerated into one gig intic whole, make up London,which s;retch<« from Kemiugtou to Greenwich, and from Hamp stead to Wimbledon; which has 10 parks, 200 squares, and 300,000 houses. Peris has only 50,000 houses. Tho extont of London compared with that of Paris as 31 to'7. And yet in spite of its prodigious extent, and its population of nearly 3 000,000, London is more comfortable in "Very way than Paris The Hcvtic notices wi'h astonishment various indications of London's immensity, such as its 01 fi post-offices, 2000 post- nun, 137 telegraph flie'S, 230 cab stands, and its 12,000 beer shops: "a son verre a boire," says the Writer, ? " meeurcii le moiwtte," . 