THE LADY DON PEHFOKMANOES. Notwithstanding the uninviting aspect of the weather last evening, and tbe frightfully muddy state of our roads, the Theatre was well filled. The first piece was "Leah the Forsaken,' in whiclrLady Don performs the part of the unfortunate forsaken Jewess. Iu this character Lady Don surpasses all her former efforts in the delineation of the heartbroken forsakeu Leah. Several scenes from the " Castle Spectre" were performed for the purpose of introducing Professor Pepper's wonderful illusion of " The Ghost," which is oue of the most wonderful productions in this age of illusions, and was so perfect that many of the audience would not believe but that it was a real person. Some little readjustment of the lights will, however, this evening, make the illusion more perfcct still. The evening coucludcd by the performance of " Prince Fiorusel." The pieces for this evening are " A Handsome Husband," " The Castle Spectre," and the burlesque of "Prince Floriiel." AMUSEMENTS FOR THK MILLION.—On Monday evening next our good citizens will be provided with abundance of amusement; not only has the Mechanics' Institute been taken, but also the Theatre Royal. At the former place ProfcsBor Leon gives an entertainment, comprising a great variety of trickB, unaided by assistants ot by any chemical or mechanical process whatever. At the Theatre Professor Ion (who arrived by the Derwent), gives an entertainment of a magical, -electrical and novel character, with the aid of brilliant machinery, delusion, and chemical agents. He will also illuminate the Theatre, and exhibit the splendid electric light. He is (when performing), attended by a Mephistopbles and an Electrician. Both Professors ofier most attractive bills of entertainment, and it is to be hoped they will both be successful. PROFESSOR LEON,—We are requested to stale that permission has been granted to Professor Leon to perf -rm at the following places:—BathnrBt,Orange, Wellington, Dubpo, Mudgee, Sydney, Ipswich, Brisbane, Dunedin, Port Chalmers; and at all of them he has given great satisfaction to crowded audiences. 