On COLOTHES AT THE TUILERIEs.--The Paris coirespondent of the Court Journal writes:- The sale of Compi~gne was con cluded on Wednesday, so that we are able to give the result. The custom is a singu lar one, established by the royal ladies of the Tuileries long before the great revolu tion, acceded to by the Empress Josephine, continued under the restoration, maintained by the princesses of the House of Orleans, and kept up with great spirit under the present reign. A long gallery which runs along the basement storey of the palace, looking into the garden just opposite the Prince Imperial's winter walk, is fitted up from one end to the other with oak ward robes. This is called the de froque of the palace. It is here that the refuse dresses and the cast-off apparel of the royal and imperial ladies, who have succeeded each other for the last hundred years in the occu pation of the Tuileries, are invariably borne when rejected from the floor above. These wardrobe cupboards, numerous and exten sive as they are, get generally well filled during the year, and when the four seasons are considered thoroughly over, a sale is made of the whole, where every article is priced beforehand, and visitors are ad mitted to view and purchase, without the observance of further ceremony than the presentation of an invitation card from one of her Majesty's attendants, to whom the privilege of granting them belongs. The sale is called in the present day the Retour do Compi~gne, but has been known under other appellations during former reigns Sacrifice de .ontainebleau, Caprices de St. Cloud, Joies de la Malmaison-according to the place whence the courtreturned to spend the winter in Paris, and which has varied with every sovereign. The sale of the regal wardrobe of the Tuileries is conducted on the strictest principle of equity. The shutters of the long gallery are closed, and it is lighted up from one end to the other by lamps and candelabra, so that the light is stronger than it would be were daylight ad mitted, as the ceiling is low and the windows sunk deep into the wall. Every article is ticketed, and, of course, no deviation from the original decision can possibly be allowed. A long line of stretchers are placed all down the middle of the gallory, the doors of the wardrobes on either sides are flung open, and the visitor walking slowly down on one side and returning by the other, makes a choice of what may suit her taste, and in scribing the number it bears upon a card, hands the latter to the attendafit in waiting at the door and departs. The stretchers are occupied by the shawls and mantles, the wardrobes by the dresses, the shelves by the underlinen, while a sort of counter at the further end of the gallery is filled with the oltmpignons, on which are exhibited the bonnets and head-dresses. The white satin dress, most splendidly embroidered in silver, with the tunic of boutllondo gauze and silver mouches, confined by bands of ponceau velvet, in which her Majesty went to the opera with the King Consort of Spain, was not quoted higher than the nankeen-coloured dress and jacket, braided in green, which was recog nised as the uniform invented by the Em press for the drives at Fontainebleau. To be sure, the buttons were of malachite, and set in gold, but the material of the dress could scarcely be considered as bearing any value whatever. The shawls were principally of French manufacture, and mostly for summer wear; the cloaks and mantles, deprived of their lace and fur, un attractive. The utmost exaggeration seems to exist in the prices put Upon the bonnets. In the first place, the article itself is out of fashion almost as soon as seen; in the next, it possesses no resource whatever; and, above all, it is liable to far greater deterior ation than the dress. The habit of leaning back in the carriage, which has become so general, destroys the bonnet immediately, and renders it shabby in form, even while still bright and fresh in colour. The pro ceeds of the sale are given ostensibly to the poor; but the things are generally bought up by the valets and women of the wardrobe, who dispose of what remains unsold to the great dealers in Paris, who again sell them to their customers at immense prices. A-PPREENSION OF THE SaHREWSBURY Srcct DETTolVE IN LI-vRPOOL.-The man who, under the name of John Morgan, executed the ingenious and novel swindling operation at an hotel in Shrewsbury about ten days ago, by representing himself to be adetective from Carmarthen, was ultimately apprehended in Liverpool. It appears that his real name is Thomas Ellis, and that he is the son of a butcher living in Baker-st., Everton, Liverpool. His father was for twenty years a superintendent of police, and he himself was for some time assistant magistrate's clerk at Holyhead. He was recently employed by Mr. W. Avis, ship wright, Bridgowater-street, Liverpool, and since then has been roaming about the country without any known means of liveli hood. It is stated that since his exploit at Shrewsbury, and within the past week, he attempted a similar feat at Old Swan, near Liverpool. He went to the cattle market there, and presented what appeared to be a warrant to a cattle dealer, telling the latter that he was authorised to apprehend him. Upon this pretence he took him to the police-station at Old Swan, but when he officers refused to allow it. He then said he should have to telegraph to his superior, left the station, and never returned. The cattle dealer was, of course, set at liberty. Yes terday morning Ellis was brought to the detective office at Liverpool by his father, at whose house he had presented himself. A notice had previously been issued offering £10 reward for his apprehension. He ex pressed the utmost contempt for the Shrews bury greenhorns, and said he could not for his life understand how they came to believe he was a detective. A telegraphic message was sent to Shrewsbury yesterday, and it was expected that an officer from that place would arrive in Liverpool last night, and take him to Shrewsbury for examina tion. The gold watch'of which Ellis robbed Mr. Ashworth he afterwards exchanged with Mr. Cohen, jeweller, of Liverpool, for a silver lever and 25s. in casah A NEW MAGIC LANTERN.-Our attention has been called to a novelty in one of the most popular instruments for the entertain ment of the family circle and the public as sembly, which comes very appropriately at this season of the year. The magic lantern has not yet lost its charms,even for those who remember it as a recreation of boyhood; but the old-fashioned apparatus will soon give way to one of modern construction, registered by Mr. Chadburn, and exhibited the other day, at the rooms of Mr. Brothers, St. Ann's-square, by Mr. Morgan, optician, and the agent for the invention in Manchester. The old modus operandi is well known. The object to be put before the audience is placed between the light and the lens. This re quires that it should first be painted or photographed on glass, and the photographic pictures are not colored, as the effect is thereby destroyed, in consequence of the transparency being reduced. But with the new lantern transparency is unnecessary, and the old glass slide becomes obsolete. The most opaque object can be represented with all its colors, and in the minutest detail. You may fill up your slide from your photo graphic album, and place your friends upon the canvas merely with the aid of their cartes de visits. Pictures, coloured or uncoloured, will pass perfectly through the lens, and the coin-collector can show instantaneously, to a whole assembly, each of his specimens, and give them at a glance the colour and form of the object. The lantern will be equally useful to the botanist, enabling him to dis play to those whom he is entertaining an exact reproduction, with the hue and the construction of the plant or flower he is describing. The purposes to which such an invention may be applied can be stated by a scientific lecturer, or by the entertainer or instructor of youth. A description of the instrument would be uninteresting; but it may be briefly stated that it is a combina tion of the principles of the old magiclantern and of Pepper's ghost illusion. The object is illuminated from the front instead of from behind; the light, the object, and the lens forming a sort of triangle. The illumination is just as effective as in the old system; but the new construction gives an extended power of illustration, which will, no doubt, make the magic lantern much more popular than it has been.-TheManchester Examiner and Times. [The PhotographicNews of 1st January adds :-Mr. Brothers is one of our first-class photographers, and the lantern was exhibited at his gallery, St. Ann's square, Manchester. The price, consider ing the quality of the article is very moder ate, and includes gas- bags, tubing, and pressing boards. A somewhat similar lau tern is said to have been invented inAmerica last year.] NOVEL sROmECT.-A prospectus has been issued of "The Telegraph News Associa tion," with a capital of £50,000, divided into 5000 shares of £10 each. It is proposed "'to furnish the press and the public of England, and the continent of Europe, and the Western World, with a fuller and more regular supply of telegraphic intelligence than the present system provides." Atten tion is called to the necessity of a constant and rapid supply of early telegraphic news, and arrangements are described by which its necessity is to be fully met, while confidence is invited by promises of rigid impartiality and complete neutrality. The returns upon the capital are, of course, expected to be large. ANTEDILUVIAN SKELnETONs.-A discovery of great interest has just been made at Eysden, near Nise, in Belgium. Some laborers, while digging the earth, came upon five human skeletons, which appeared to belong to the antediluvian period. These bones, which are perfectly preserved, lay immediately on the gravel, that is to say, they were covered by the entire bed of alluvial matter. If the rumour is to be believed, the bones are of unusual propor tions, and a medical man who was called upon to examine them, said they belonged to a gigantic race. It is also stated that some more skeletons were found next day very near to the others. "I KNow THAT YOsCE."-A young minis ter went into the country to preach, and observed, during his discourse, a poor woman who seemed to be much affected. After the service he resolved to pay her a visit, and see what were the impressions on her mind. " Well," said he, "what were you so af fected about during the service?" " Oh, sir," said the woman, "I'lltellyou. About six years ago me and husband removed to this place, and all the property we had was a donkey. Husband, he died, and then me and poor donkey was left alone. At last donkey he died; and, to tell you the truth, our voice put me so much in mind of that ear old critter, that I couldn't help taking on and crying about it." A GENTLEMAN FOUND DEOAPITATED .N rHE GREAT EAsrEanc RAILwAYw-Yesterday morning, shortly before eight o'clock, the mangled remains of a gentleman were dis coyered on the Great Eastern fRailway, at the place where the line crosses the river Lea, near Tottenham. The headless body was found lying in the six- foot way, and the head, which had evidently been cut off by a passing train, was lying very much muti lated a few yards off. There were several severe injuries about the body. The re mamns were placed in a shell, and removed to the police-station at Tottenham, where they now lie. At present the shocking affair is surrounded with mystery. AN AusTRAuAn ABORIGINES' BrnE.-it is not often that one sees the language of the aborigines of South Australia in print, but a specimen is now before us. It con sists of portions of the Holy Scriptures, selected from the books of Genesis, Exodus, Matthew, and John, and translated into the blacks, by Mr. George Taplin, the sson-... ary to the natives of Point Mc Leay, and printed by order of the South Australian Auxiliary of the British and Foreign Bible Society. A glance at the book reveals the total absence of words in the native lau guage to express various ideas occurring in the passages selected for translation, and we accordingly met with such words as God, kingdom, governorowe, and several others, where purely English words, or English words with an aboriginal affix, are em ployed to indicate ideas for which the language of the aborigines seems to possess no equivalents.-South Australian paper. MIXED RAcEs.-Beauty is a joy to these who possess it in their own persons and to those who possess it not, for it is not for bidden to the irretrievably ugly to admire it, or even to win and appropriate it in the person of others. It has often occurred in the annals of royal or ancient houses, that after a succession of interested and loveless marriages, by which the members have incredibly deteriorated both in appearance and reality, some nameless beauty, possibly of different race and country, has been adopted by marriage into the family, and a fair, robust, and healthy offspring has been the fortunate result. The crossing of • different races has often been followed by similar effects. Probably some of the loveliest faces in the world are to be found among the blue-eyed black-haired men and women in some districts of the west of Ireland, where there has been a considerable admixture of the Iberian Celtic blood. Specimens equally perfect, though differing in type, are frequently found in South Spain, where some Moorish blood plainly lingers. The mixed English and Spanish stock also produces examples of very perfect beauty, and likewise the English and the Italian, though of a less noble type. That of the English with Greek is less fortunate; the men especially, however well they look in their national costume, are small, sallow, and insignificant in appearance when attired in our dress, and standing side-by-side with Englishmen. As regards the lineal trans mission of beauty, it is popularly supposed to be most constant from the father's side, other qualities being derived from the mother. A handsome man rarely fails to have handsome children; but there lives in the memory of most people women of singular personal loveliness, whose daugh ters present but faded and shadowy like nesses, resembling the mother as water re sembles wine.-From Hereditary Trans mission of Qualities, in the Englishwoman's Journal. A negro once gave the following toast: "De gubenor ob de State-he came in wid berry little opposition, he go out wid none at all." CHANtoE OF CLIMATE.-The Island of Ascension, once bare and desert, has been planted from Kew with trees, shrubs, and plants, all of which thrive, and under the influence of which the climate of the island is ameliorated. This reminds us that, since the growth of the trees planted in Lower Egypt, light showers of rain have fallen, a phenomenon never before witnessed in that country, by even the oldest inhabitant. How ro 0o MAn.-Be an editor; let the devil be waiting for copy; sit down to write an article and get a few sentences done: then let an acquaintance drop in and begin to tell you stories and gossip of the town; and let him sit, and sit, and sit. This is the quickest way to go raving, distracted mad. How TREATIES ARE OnSERsVED BY RUSSIA. -A Polish journal, published at Dresden, says that Russia has forty-two war vessels upon the Black Sea, besides thirty-two gun boats in course of construction. In order to keep within the letter of the treaty all these craft are called merchant ships, and in official phraseology are said to belong to the Black Sea Steam Navigation Company. To prevent this fleet sharing the fate of that of 1855, Russia has constructed a fortress at Kertch which commands the entrance to the Sea of Azoff, and which will provide a safe shelter for the Russian vessels in that sea. At Nicholaieff'the arsenal and the dockyards have been restored. According to the same journal Russia has built some new fortifica tions upon the island of Aland, but calls them barracks, and under cover of such dissimulation she is thus increasing her citadels and her navy. "And it was.to obtain such results as these," adds the Polish journal, "that so manybrave English and French soldiers found a grave at Sebas topol." At the Leeds assizes on Thursday, as Mr. Digby Seymour, Q. C., was addressing the jury for the defence in the case of Senife, he so far excited himself in the interests of the prisoner that, in a moment of animated ges ticulation, he knocked off his wig, and sent it spinning on the barrister's table. There was a roar of laughter in the court, in which his Lordship (Keating) joined; Mr. Seymour, without losing his self-possession, quietly repossessed himself of the horsehair, and placed it upon his cranium, remarking meanwhile to the jury that the incident might " assist in keeping his head cool." CAUSE A?D EFECTr.-" You say, Mr. Snooks, that you saw the plaintiff leave the house. Was it in haste? " Yes, sir." "Do you know what caused the haste ?" "I'm not quite sartain, sir, but I think it was the boot of his landlord." " That will do. Clerk, call the next witness." DIrIERuEr LAy.-" Have you the Lay of the Last Minstrol ?" said a young lady to a young man at a country bookseller's. "No, we haven't any of them kind," said the obliging young man; "but we have good fresh hen's eggs, that we can warrant were laid no longer ago than lastweek." M?RVELLOUS EsoApE.-A Dutchman was relating his marvellous escape from drowning when thirteen of his companions were lost by the upsetting of a boat, and he alone saved. "And how did you escape their fate ?" asked one of his hearers.-" I did not go in to pote," was the Dutchman's placid reply. A physician being sent for to a patient in the Fens, and finding the road scarcely pass able, though it was the middle of summer, inquired of his conductor, a simple country lad, what the people could possibly do for medical assistance in winter?-" Oh, 5ir, replied the gawky, "in winter tbey die a natural death! " A celebrated wit was completely discom fited by a message, politely delivered at a supper party by a little girl. "If you please, Mr. Jones," said the child, "mamma sends her compliments, and would be much obliged if you would begin to be funny." 