THEATRICAL. Tho Metropolitan Stage. Drak Bbll, — Among tlio many stars which shine or have shone in our thoatrical iirmamont,- MrrShiol Barry, of. tho Theatro Eoyal, Melbourne, twinkles, , with a very f coble radiance. A respcctalilo stock actor lie may b'e, but no luminary j and ho cor taiuly does not captivato'ono in Irish comedy or farce. For a native of Australia, his: imitations of tho Hibernian brogue aro by no means bad. . Nevertheless they are but imitations; 'and you, detect it -in certain in flections, of tlio voice,- whore tho imitation fails him,' becivusb thoro aro delicate nuances of expression which lie has omitted to observe and to make himself master of. Added to this, Mr. Barry possesses ncithor tlio mobi lity of feature, the 'vivacity of manner, nor the flexibility of organ requisito for success in playing Irish characters. |His stylo is as hard 03 his stick. No fun sparkles in bis bye, or plays about the corners of his mouth. When the audience laugh,:it is not at the actor, but at tho author. The matter may be droll enough, but tho raanuor is rarely fso, and playgoers in Melbourno mivy claim tobc pretty good judges, of Irish acting ; for, inde pendently (pf the fact that.jnany of them have ' seen Tyrono l'owor in Europe years back, most of them are familiar with the perform-' anccs of Mr. G. Y. Brooke, of Mr. Hudson, and of Mr. Drew, in Irish parts ; and who can forget tlio Felix O'Callnghan of tho first named gentleman^ which I must affirm to bo ono of tho most perfoct pieces of acting I oversaw on any Btage ?? something to be treasured up in a, maivs memory, Bko tho King Lear of Mr. Macrcady, tho Grandfather Whitehead of Mr. Farreu, tho Marmaduke Magog of John Reeves, the Benjamin Bow boll of Robert Kecloy. tho Shylock (trayostie) of Mr. llohson, the Norma of Grisi (iu her prime), tho Constance of Helen Fawcit, and tho Rip Van Winklo of Mr. Jefferson. Mr. Hudson also made a favourable, impression in tho lighter walks of Irish comedy ; while in Handy Andy and tho Irish emigrant; Mr. John Drew, gave us some racy pictures of the bogtrottirigi typo, of Irishmen. Mr.Shiol Barry essays the latter lino of business ; but ho dues not display tho ability one looks for iu a star, and his success, as might bo imagined, is no more than commensurate with his qualifications to ° aclucvo it. In fact, as Pandeen O'RafForty, 'in 'Born to Good Luck,' ho was visibly over-woighted, and as the interest of the piece really cuutros in tlio poor fellow who linds himself lauded at Naples, when he imagined he had takon ship for Dublin, the drama drags at times ; and it was an agreeable change'to see the curtain rise upon', the ' Young Widow,' and to obtain some genuino amusement from Mr. Charles Young's performance in tho charac ter of Splash, aided by Miss Gordon in that of Aureba, Mr. Ireland in' that .of Captain Mandoville.andMissMortimoriii that of Lucy. Meanwhile, I am glad to hoar that another Shaksperian rcvivolis in preparation at this house, and that a tragedy, which, as a gene ral rule, receives but scant assistance from tho Bconic artist, is to bo illustrated in a inanuer worthy of the subject, and of the establishment. : 4 Of another candidate for popular favour in Irish parts, I can speak in terms of well merited praise. Mr.; O'Ncil,. who made his bow at tho Haymarket on Monday night, is a genuino comedian, whoso natural gifts have been improved upon by art. ? With a thoroughly Celtic face, eyes glistening with fun, a rich broguo, nud an easy and natural manner, he very soon succeeds in conciliating tho good opinion, and tickling the midriffs of his audience His.mode of .relating a story or repeating a conversation is excellent, and his' Btylo is free from boistorousuess and vul garity.- .He makes his points unobtrusively, But with what maybe termed artistic de liberation,' carefully leading up to them and allowing them to produco their full effect before leading his auditors away from them ; and this is the morp necessary, as manyof the bulls and witticisms in -tlio recitative of ?' Paddy's Wedding', (for example) do not strike the audienco at once, aud tho explo sion follows (like. tho report of a distant gun) somo fo.w. seconds after tho flash; so that you hear pooplo break out into a guffaw, jiist as John Philip Kemblo used to do when a droll story was told to^hiin, lone after the accents of tho speaker's voico had died away. Mr. O'Neil seems also to have acquired an art whicli, simple as it is, is rarely learned upon the stage — I mean tho art of listening to his interlocutor. Most actors appear, while any one of the charac ters in the piece is' addressing them, to have the next sentenco thoy are to deliver, at their tongues' ends, ready to jerk it out tho very instant ho or she lias done speaking; so that tho impression produced upon the spec tator's niiud is that thoy are both repoating words by rote, and that what he is listening to is not (as it ought to seem to bo) an actual conversation — an improvised dialogua grow ing up out of] and naturally suggested by tho feelings and circumstances of tlio momont. I can't nnagino few things more diverting to a by-stondor than a conversation conducted between two persons in tho streets on tho same principle (if it wero practicable) as conversations aro conducted on tho Bta'e. Tlio promptitude of tho replication, and tlio utter Impossibility of any mental process preceding the delivery of tho words by each speaker, would combino to render tho dialogue intensely droll Wo have all becomo so much accustomed to this touch-and-go stylo of talking on tho stago as to ,bo almost inscn siblo to its absurdity; but its inconsistency and its nonconformity with the usages of eyery-day life must bo apparent on rollcc tion. In tho drunken scene in 'Barney the Baron,' Mr. O'Neil avoids, to a considerable extent, thoso temptations to cxtravagauca whicli generally prove irresistible on such occasions; and much of his 'business,' if it was not original, was — at any rate — bor- rowed from very good oxaun-lars. It is open to question, howover, whether tho appari tion of a sham ghost could have had the effect of instantaneously sobering a man who had just tumbled into bed ' blind dhrunk.' I suspect tho condition of Barney's mind would havo 'resembled that of Cassio's, after re ceiving such a wigging from Othello : it would have been stunned, not sobered ; con fused, not composed. Mr. O'Noil sings reasonably well, and dances hotter than ho sings. Ail Irish writer has very well observed, that tho Irish naturally excel in mimetic representations, owing to their plastic naturo and mercurial temperament ; and when ono comes to run over tho muster-roll of great actors and actresses, tho numbor of Irish colebrities is .vory. striking. Xhfera aro few more illustrious names, in connection with the British stage, than those of Pe^ Woiling ton, Mrs. Clivo, Mrs. Abingtou, Miss Farron, Miss O'Neill, and Mrs. Glovor, all of whom belonged to thogrcon islo. Quin, Macklen, Woodward, Mossop, Spronger Barry, Wilks, Doggott, and Thomas Sheridan wero like wise natives of Ireland ; and I nood not rofer to living ornaments of tho profession deduo ing a similar origin. One cannot holp, cither, making a passing noto of the fact that tho porformancea of titled and other amateurs in the private theatro at lulkonny during tho |/lrst twenty years of tho prcsont century, aro reputed to have been worthy of either of the two groat patent houses iu Lon don. 'Kilkenny,' says one writer, 'was thronged during tho thoatrioal season with a vast assemblage of rank and . coiuequonce, and lodgings wero niostdifficult tobeobtain'ed. Grattan was ono. of 'tho oarliest visitors to witness tho performances,' along with the Earl of Belmoro arid ? tho Bishop of Moath. Tlio streets of the city wero throngod ?vyith chariots aud horses, and parties of ladies riding single s;avo a mo3t agreoablo effect to tho aspect of tho town. Assembling from all; parts of Irohind, there woa great anxioty amongst; the gentry to bo acquainted with eoch'other, and curiosity was always strained to learn the names and histories of all tho re niarkablo and intnrosiing oharactors that wore assembled tog6tlior,(;,:To tho most celebrated' guests public dmiiers were accorded, and tho' arts, literature, and their .various professors' woro toasted by companies composod of per Bons whoso societyNwas an honour,',. Miss Edgoworth was one, bf tho spectators ; John Wilson Orbkor,; a'membb^ j of f tho*'g.'onJpany, and Thomas Moorp wrote and delivered a pro-, loguo to one of tho pprfprmahcos.vOn'o wpuld like to have had a card of admission on tho occasion. They .scorn tb; have possessed the [savoir v'wre in thpso^days. , ? I hope, in our. ?intoriso dbvotiori to ?ihbney-inakirig, wo shall ?nob loso it in our own, 'to which oud I inako. this otherwise irrelevant roforenco to Kit; kerihy theatricals. — Yours, etc., ' '.S* ' . ? ,- ,; ..OUVEE SURFACE. / , 'Provincial; . '-N Bendioo. — During-tho week Mr. and Mrs. Heino havo bcongiviiig their well-known on tertainment at tlieLyceum Theatre, assisted by Madaino Leon Naoj and Miss Felicia Nacg, and tho prograinme gonerally appears to give satisfaction. Tho attendance has. been moderately good. It, is rumoured that wo aro shortly to bo treated to a sight of Frith'B eelobrated pictnro of tho Dorby.lpay, throuch tho instrumentality- of .our indefatigable caterer for public amusement, Mr.jF. Varley. G El'.LONO. —Tho Theatru Roj-al is no\y opon under tlio. management of Mr. S. 'Howard. Amongst this company enqngud are tho Leo polds, Mrs. M'Gowau, andMis3 Leako. Tho St. Loon Family havo also been performing, ami tlio ballets by Frauloiri. Faunio and the Leopold Brothers' have been a good success. Colonial. DuNEPix.— The Lystcr Opera Company have been performing at the Princess Theatre, but havo hardly mot with tho patronage they merit Amongst 'tho operas given havo boon ,'Lo Prophetc,' 'Los Huguenots,' aud 'Martha.' Tho firat-named opera was magnjlicently ren'dorcd, and attract*! a largo audience. ? ' Launckstox.— Tho Theatro Royal was opened last Monday on tho occasion of tho Champion Racn Meeting, by a company imdpr Mr. J. R. Grovillo. 'The Streets of London' and an amusing afterpiece, 'Did You ever Send your Wife to Hobart Town?' wero played before a tolerably good house. ' Tho Jacobite,' and tho fairy extravaganza, 'Cinderella,' wero in preparation. Asilvcr mounted whip waa to bo_ presented on tho stago to tho ruler of the winuiug horse iu tho Champion Race.' Sydskv.— ThePrincoof Wales Theatre con tinues to draw good audiences, and Lady Don and tho Howson family havo secured tho pat ronage and approbation of tho public by their admirable acting and singing. Tho comedy of ' Rural Felicity,' and tlio burlesquo of 'Kenilwortii,' havo boon performed, fol lowed by ' Sweethearts and Wives,' in which Mr. Rogers sustained the character of Admiral Franklin, and Lady Uon made a' charming Laura. That accomplished actress lilso appeared as Francis Osb.iMiston in the operatic drama of 'Rob Roy.' Thoburlesquo of 'Aladdin' was in preparation. At the Victoria Theatre tho circus continuos to receive a fair sharo of patronage. Professor Stephens, aud tho equestrienne Miss Luon, having boon received with well merited applause. Miscellaneous. The Oiuar.vAt CHiusry Minstrels. — This talented company arrived by the mail steamer Northam, and proceeded on to Syd ney, whero they will remain for somo time,' after whicli they will return to this colony.' , 