%$t empire. . WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 16, 1865. IN what may bc called the infant days of responsible government and of rural munici- palities in this colony, the names of two famous' localities were only too'familiar to Parliamentary officials, attendants upon the debates, and readers of newspapers. " Nowra and Good Bog !" As these ghosts of the past are called up before our readers this morning, we may imagine an amount of consternation equal to that of tho unhappy MOIUJLTEU when for the twentieth time subjected to the practical jocularity of the mischievous TOM KINO, and we might expect a repetition of thc persecuted Frenchman's astonished and agonised ejaculation : " Begar, here's Mon- sieur TONSON come again 1" The reader, however,-is entreated to becalm, to retain for- titude in his breast and his newspaper be- fore him, and read on fearlessly. Wo are about to conduct him into the presence of the House of Lords, which august body, by means of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, has just been dealing with the famous case of Nowra and Good Dog, and oven appears to have extracted some amusement from it. No reasonable person can envy their lordships any mirth which they may have been ablo to gather from a consideration of that dreary subject. They have, moreover," performed a service hy rendering the case somewhat moro intelligible to ordinary comprehension than it was before, and their judgment, which will bo found in another part of this day's Empire, bears about tho same resemblance to the mystio utterances of , our own Supremo Court ns a glass of distilled ! water does to a bucket of slops. ! The case, then, is this : Certain inhabitants of the district of Shoalhaven, desiring to avail themselves of tho Municipalities Act, peti- tioned tho Government in duo form for that purpose, praying that tho town of Nowra, and Nowra Hill, Green Hills, and Good Dog might bo_ divided into two wards, to bo called the Wards of Nowra and Good Dogi and pro- claimed a municipality, with boundaries ns set forth in the petition. Mr. ALEXANDER BERHY, properly described in tho judgment as " a large landholder in tho district," was op- posed to tho desired incorporation which would subject somo of his property to taxation for looal purposes ; though whether that was or was not tho cause of his opposition wo havo no need to inquire. Accordingly, an opposing petition was presented, but it was not effectual, as it did not bear the requisito number of signatures to counterbalance tho original ap- plication, which was thoreforo oompliod with. Tho Municipality was proclaimed, and Mr. 0 EAU AM woe elected tho first chairman j: but Mrj BEttttY disputed, tho validity , of tho in- corporation, and 'tho- result was- 1 that- tho case of Nowra- and Good Dog, after being bandied about foi* somo time in tho Parlia- ment "and the Preaa, at last turned up before tho Judges of tho Supreme Court Outs| of the legal points of the matter, it was one hand. contended that an unfair atten had been made to get Mr. BERRY, to j taxes, and on the other that Mr. BERRY I an unfair desire to escapo them. Those tv remember the political feelings and leanir of the day would not be surprised to hear tl the Supreme Court had promptly decided favour of Mr. BERRY if this had been t issue submitted : but it was necessary to bi the objections upon something having t appearance of a breach Of law. According it was contended that as Nowra was a " tow the Government had no power to incorporo with it a rural district j and it was argu< as will be seen from the judgment, th the Act drew a distinction . betwee a city, town, or hamlet on one hand, and rural district on the other, for which reason town and a rural district could not be ince porated in one municipality. Nowra might municipally free and independent, but Goi Dog must be let alone. That seemed to be tl grand stand occupied by Mr. BERRY. Tho was, indeed, another objection, to tho effe that the boundaries in the Governor's proel mation included some lands whi< had not been included in thc boundaries i described in the original petition. This, hoi ever, was not made much of, and Mr. BERU gained his case mainly on tho incompatibilii of Nowra with Good Dog. No doubt thc Honors of- tho Supreme Court would bs we able to deal with a grievance of this kind, an the manner in which they did so appears to hai enormously tickled tho Lords of tho Priv Council, who put the case with a most amusin amount of mock gravity. " The interests i the town," say their lordships, momentan] adapting their language to the calibre of tl Supreme Court, " might bc diametrically oj posed to those of the rural district. A populo* town might procuro to be incorporated with i and make subject to its burthens a large an wealthy district." Their lordships hero in dulge in a fanciful sketch at th expense of our Judges, only for th purpose of demolishing it with th most ruthless sarcasm. Wc see the counties! thousands who constitute tho brawling dc mocracy of Nowra, sallying forth to sciz upon ail that is good in Good Dog- chaining it up, so to speak, and subjecting thc unrcsist inp; animal to all the brutalities of mob law " This inconvenience," adds their flordships " is pointed out very forcibly in the judgmen delivered by tho Court below." So much foi imagination ; but now comes thc reality. Thc Lords of the Council had already discovered that " what is called the town of Nowra con sists, including outhouses, and barns, and unfinished houses, of twenty-one houses, and that the population consists of fourteen men twelve women, and thirty- seven chil dren." No very formidable array this, wc should imagine, for the purpose of seiz- ing and coeroing Good Dog; but the English Judges decide altogether against the validity of this objection. " If," they say j " a rural district cannot bo incorporated in which a city is contained, neither can it bc incorporated where a hamlet is found in it. Tn this case what is called a town consists of twenty-one houses, some of them unfinished. If a collection of twenty-one houses may make a town, how many may make a hamlet ? Half a dozen houses within a short distance of eaoh,, other .".might perhaps. answer ? the description. How would it be possible to find any rural district .desiring incorporation in which a hamlet could not bo found." Another argument that seems to have had a strong effect upon our Judges is adverted to with an equally evident sense of tho ludicrous. It had been stated that Nowra '? was and is a town where fermented and spirituous liquors may be Bold in quantities not less than two gallons at one time." It must have struck those grave men of tho Judicial Committee, that the consumption of these fluids by the multitudinous democracy of Nowra was I [ somewhat limited. However, they slyly add : I j " It Beems little to resemble a town I in any other particular." Finally, having' enjoyed their fun over this small specimen of, Australian judicial conservatism, they dismiss it with a declaration of their .opinion " that tho incorporation of tho rural district described in tho proclamation is not invalidated beoause the town, as it is called, of Nowra, is included in it." On the other, and what seemed to have been roearded as tho minor noint. tho obicr-.tion I was held to he fatal. There was no doubt that the boundaries in the proclamation included land not included in tho boundaries described in tho petition, and although on thc other hand some portions of tho land so doscribed were ' omitted in tho proclamation, yet tho discrepancy invalidated the incorpor- ation. Wc may suppose, therefore, that on this point, though not upon those grounds of incompatibility and violence which so forcibly affected the Supremo Court, a municipal divorce has been pronounced between Good Dog and tho " town" of Nowra. This, how- ever, can hardly be considered inourable. The people at Shoalhaven may, wo presume, com- mence de novo, for the judgment does not exclude them from tho benefits of the Munici- palities Act, and next time they can look moro sharply after their boundary lines. The grand difficulty of tho presumed tyranny of tho fourteen men, twelve women, and thirty seven children of Nowra having ' boen got rid of, the giant obstado is removed. Nowra and Good Dog may jot come together again, and dwell together in unity: j THE faots to which attention is. called in a letter published in tho Etnpiro of Monday, with the signature "Macquarie Ward," may! well appear incredible to those who have not. verified by personal observation the truth of tho pioturo drawn by tho writer. But the inhabitants of Sydney, having tho opportunity of seeing for themselves tho condition of Bridge-streot and Macquarie-strcct north, on tho ono hand, and of Devonshire and Riley streets, and tho famous High Holborn strcet, if they can possibly discover that noted highway on the other, do not need any other confirmation than their own sonsos, of tho ' representation given in that letter. The wonder is that a neglect of. most important publie thorough- fares, coupled with a misappropriation of publio monoy^so flagrant, so palpable to the eyes of the citizens, should have boen tolerated. If, ?tiiß complaint wore merely that money raised by" rates upon city' prop'erty Avas expendod in the suburbs, it would probably bo. deemed by an impartial stranger to be unreasonable. For when once the streets }n the- central paris1 ol tho city have teen properly finished, they do nnt reriuire any large expenditure to maintain them in a creditable state'''of repair ; .while the et tension of build- ings for purposes of residence and business in tho suburbs renders necessary the forma- tion* of new streets there. And as these exten- sions, of the metropolis contribute to augment the business, and multiply the wealth of those who occupy the principal sites of mer- chandise, it is not -unfair that the Corporation should expend a portion of thc funds raised in the city upon the formation of lines of com. munication connecting the new hornes of popo..: lation with the centre of traffic. But such a just and prudent expenditure on the improve- ment of the suburbs, implies that the mair» thoroughfares in tho city have first been suitably finished* and then that the streets through tho suburbs on which,the. money of the citizens -is expended, : are not mere lanes connecting the back entrances of houses with thc public way, or leading up to sandhills, but highways for the mutuaL accommodation of the inhabitants of the cit«' and of the surrounding districts. Now, in fact; we find an important street in the centre of the city loft in a disgraceful condition. Prom, tho gates of the Inner Domain the entrance to Government House, along by tho Treasury and the offices of the Colonial Secretary and of the Secretary for Lands to tis Exchange, the chief resort of merchants, there, is a road which would bo a shame to a remote suburb. As thc part of the street which is most neglected lies between Government buildings and ground on both sides, the general Government rmust , share the blaine with the " City Council. Whichever is chargeable with the greater remissness, it is obvious that very great blame attaches to one' or the other, or perhaps to both, for leaving tho city exppsed to contempt. One would have thought that a street by which all distinguished visitors must pass to the residence of her Majesty's representative,' would have received! some attention from our civic authorities, or1 from thc general Government, who may le held chiefly responsible for the street in whiolv their offices stand, if only to secure their own . good name from the disparaging reflections of' illustrious strangers.But. there it is, nlmoslj'i in its primitive state,-without keibingorl guttering, a-reproach to the colony. Mean-! while small suburban 'lanes which' happen to bo in the neighbourhood bf' the residences or property of aldermen, a,s , finished off in comfortable and attractive style^i without regard to tho question of their publlo utility. There aro a number of small street*1 in Pyrmont, for instance^ which . have Wen; metalled, kerbed, and guttered at considerable. expense, where the grass may be seen to-day growing up between the stoncB, bearing ' ¡witness against tho useless expenditure bf public money, on wa3's along which there is scarcely any traffic; and which might, without any inconvenience, have been left . for some years to come almost in their natural state. If the funds at tho. command of tho Corporation were such as to ' enable them, without imposing oppressive' burdens on thc citizens, to bring all thc minor ; suburban streets and lanes into a highly, finished condition, and at the same time to do full justice to the requirements of the mora; important streets in the city, every one who j is interested in the prosperity of the'*mein-", polis would cordially approve of such a course. > But it is notorious that many of the improve--! ments carried out arc not parts of a compre-' hensive plan for the general good, but only selfish schemes for the furtherance of personal, interests ; while the improvements urgently required for the public convenience are indo-' finitely postponed for want of funds. The old grievance of tho sewerage rates if ever and anon presenting itself. Thecorresv; pondent referred to complains of the unfair-, ness and . untruthfulness of the summoni) ¡ issued for tho payment of tho sewerage rátei as . a threat which may induce the more pliant .' citizens to pay that rate, while those who ' know the actual state of the law hare learnt ¡to defy demands of the kind with impunity; Only yesterday, as will bo seen by our report of the meeting of thc City Council, a petitioner applied to be relieved from the pay» : mcnt of the sewerage rate now demanded, on tho ground that he had paid the rate last im- ( posed, while many declined to pay it j and as, ?; but for the refusal of others to pay the former , rate, and the acquiescence (perhaps inevitable) ' j of tho Council in that refusal, there wouM not have been the samo necessity for the pre- sent rate, it appears very hard and unjust io oom pel the willing ratepayers tb repeat their payment. The Corporation would consult both their own dignity and the public good, were they to abstain from demanding «ny sewerage rates, until they aro armed with sufficient power, to enforce payment from all who are justly chargeable with them. It is & demoralising spectacle to see the metropolitan municipality launching out warants it oaiwot enforce, and trusting to the timidity or good naturo of a portion of the citizens to pay what should be levied impartially and irresistibly! or not at all. QOTSENSIIAKD.-We have Bríabaño papers to Augnrt 12th, but they do not contain, any news bf imper- .. 1 tonco ". , COMMERCIAL BANKINO COMPATIT.-At a *r*5'J Konoral mooting of tho proprietors of. the Ctommfrosl Bank, hold- yesterday, nt noon, ' nt tho head banking liouso of the company, George-street, George W.Lort,.' E<q., waa olcctcti a dirootor in tho room of Tliomis Skinnor, Esq., resigned. George Bowman,'Esq, f vr» also a candidato ¿or tho vacant directorship. ' TESTÍMONIAI. TO lins. YEAMANS.-Wo wore ver/ much gratified to learn tliat tba "officers composing jw. Garrison Amateur Theatrical Company," being uns»!» to give Mrs. Yeomans tho lonofit thoy hod purposea on account of tho godown in which they havo m their performance» being required ' by tho propriotor havo hended a mibecription list-to servo ns thoy »J \" aa a testimonial to Mrs Yeamans of tho high SCUM entertained by themselves and the community « Yokohama, of her professional talents and .her sooft excellence." Iîvoryono hero knows how induslnooi nnd cnergotio Mrs.. Yeomans has been in her efforts » doservo well bf tho publie, and evory' one knows MW. estimablo silo is in tho various relations of prívalo J«6 Wo nro confident-wo havo not tho , slightest doubt wo aro euro that there aro very few amongst us wi* will not bo glad to subscribió to 'tho testimonial, wau} is to bo tho last and crowning' proof of our good rrw towards her. Wo hoar that she IcaveB Yokohama 1« . San Francis d In tho Kook» in a few days ; and altlou.a, from many circumstances sho may not havo touna Japan quito so profitable ns oho hod hoped, she will boar away with her tho satisfaction of knowing tn« there is not one in Yokohama who does not respect ann Osteom hot. It will bo a satisfaction nlso to her fnnw in Australia to. loam that tho respectability of olinraol« thoy have evor sustained lhere, has bren fully supports! and maintained bv her during her «toy itt China M4 Japan. Dailjr Japan Herald, 