PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. PBINCE OP WALES TIJBATJIE.-"Ilnmlot" has been presented thrice during tho past wook, and increased in public estimation! on each occasion, Mrs. Poolo being entitled to praiso for her endeavour to do justico to tho most difficult among thc many of Shnkcepcaro'e' crcations. On tho othor ovenings "Tho Tickot-of Loavo Man," "Plowers of tho Forest," "Th« Dowager," " His Last Legs," and othor favourite f.ieces havo beon performed, Mr Andrews as O'Cnl nglinn, being exceedingly well received on caoh repe- tition of this laughable character. _ On Saturday night,, a largo audionco was present to witness tho final repre- sentation of "Hnmlot," and warmly applauded the mnnagorcss throughout thc tragedy. Mr, O. W. Barry as tho Ghost, and Mr. J. Vinson as Polonius, also re- ceived duo recognition at tho hands of tho house. To- night n drama founded on that exceedingly clover novel by AVilkio Collins, and entitled tho " AVotnan in White," is to bo produced, and may bo oxpectcd to make a moro than ordinary success. VicToniA TnEATrtE_-Miss Clovcland nnd Mr. Via cont havo boon tho chiof attractions during tho week just closed, and havo performed in various pieces with, tho greatest success. " Leah tho Forsaken," " Medea,'» and " Tho Hunchback." Miss Gordon has been also ongaged, and appeared in tho burlesque on tho opera " ll Trovatoro," as well as in tho " Duel in tho Dark."' "Duko's Motto" is to bo rovived with increáseil. offects. SCHOOL OP Aivrs.-Mr. and Mrs. Gcorgo Case havo lind no reason to complain of lack of patronago ot their farowoll performances during tho week past. On Fri- day ovontng the room was dousoly crowded in ovory part on tho occasion of tho benefit of theso accom- plished artista Tho programmo was ono of fhoir very best, and exhibited tho versatility of their abilities ta- tito greatest advanlago. Tho applauso wa» frequent and loud at tho most favourite representations of tho "Odd Pooplo" so woll mndo up by Mrs. Case, and oven Dundreary himself must have understood how highly appreciated wore his endea- vours to gratify tho audicnco by exhibiting his Sothora* peculiarities. Mr. Case's performance of both concorlina and violin were as usual vigorously applauded and irresistibly encored. On Saturday night theso «8fi",1 **Ma l,",1n ",i;"" »" fhn Rvdnov nuhlio. nfrir a To-night, the vory deservedly succceeful season, and will leavo behind thom with thoir cartes do visito, pleasing rccol leotions of tho hours spent nt their entertainment, both " At homo and abroad,"-To-night," " Thoso chimes so sweotly pealing" will again bo heard in tho room at tho School of Arts, tho .Lancashire Boll Bingera having takon it for a short season of thoir vory ploasiug perform- ances. To vary their programme as much OB possible tho valuablo aesistanco of Madamo Flora Harris and Mrs. Coidner has been secured, and theso favourite .vocalists will sing some of their most popular ballads and duets. EXTENSIVE . Fina ADD GBEAT LOSS OP Lira ix MARYSVILLE -Marysville, lilli July. About 2 o'clock this morning a Uro broho out in tho oxtonsiyo feed and salo stables of Joshua Davie, corner of A and Fourth sircóte. AVlion discovored tho ilro had gained such headway it was impossible to savo anything besides tho building.' Tho following contents wero destroyed: 2000 busholB of grain, CO tons hay, 14 horses, 20 mules, .1 cight-uiulo waggons, 2 of which wero loaded with goods far thc interior, and ono with lumber, together with soveral small waggons and buggies. Tho ontiro loss will approximate 50,000 dollars ; tboro was an in- surance upon' tho building of 20,000 dollars During the progress of tho fire, whilo mon were endeavouring to rcsouo somo articles, tho caBt wall of tho building foll, burying sovoral 'persons who stood underneath. Tho following aro tho casualties:-John W. Kay, omployo of tho California Express, killed ; Isnao Ellis, wool and hide denier, killed ; "William Johnston, teamster, sovcroly injured, will probably dio ¡ Walter Otis, a young man, back brohon, will "probably dio ; William Smith, otago proprietor betweon Orovillo and Quincy, leg broken. Sovoral others received greater or less injuries.-Alta California. I HEPÜBINO TO BunY A DISSENTER.-Oa Wodncsdny tho Bishop of Exeter dolivcrod judgmont at tho Epis* copul Palaco atExotor in tlio caso of tho Hov. Mamerto Gueiitz, vicar of Colyton, East Doyon, against whom proceedings had boon taken for'refusing to read tho burial Ber vico at tho funeral of ono of his parishioners, Joha Fnvcy, who had died in tho Unitarian faith, hut who had been baptized by a clergyman of tho Church of England, and lind novor been declared excommuni- cate. Tho defendant having admittod tho facts, tho enso was, by tho consent of ail parties loft to his Lord- ship's . decision, without any proceedings hoing takon in tho Ecclesiastical Court. Tho Bishop, in delivering judgmont, said it was a pleasant thing for him to find this matter BO nraicably adjuBtod. Tho Eov. Mr. Quoritz lind neted discreetly in confessing that ho had violatod tho canon of tho Church ; and tho complainants (tho relatives of tho deceased) had very charitably dis- claimed wishing to seek for any vindiotivo punishmont. Tho defendant, was not justified in his refusal to read tho burial service nt tho funeral, but ho thought tho justico of tho caso would bo mot by his admonishing tho dofondaut, and expressing a hopo that ho would m i so offend again. Tho defendant would havo to pay all tho legal costs in this proceeding. Tho venerable prr luto, who hold an ordination at tho cathedral on Bunde 9 Oppenrod lo bo in oxcollout health. -.Loudon Examiici^ 17th. Julio, 1808. 