Events crowd upon us so fast tliat we must tiirn to the humble task of cook ing a littlo olla podrida, composed of a variety of ingredients suggested by recent events. If some of them are rather unsavoury — smelling too much of tho Ministerial garlic and assafctida ; if tho allusions to the crisis, and the authors of it, should stir up odours that " stink in tho nostrils" of the people ; we are sorry for it, but we cannot help it. The poor cook must not ho blamed for tho foulness of tho raw material, if he is obliged to use what he can get ; even if it has been dished up before. The public may be getting tired and satiated — surfeited, as well tlicy may be, with Attorney-General and Minister of Justice, served up every day and at every meal — soniotimcs grilled and sometimes roasted — sometimes hashed and sometimes cut intominccdmcat — higher and stronger, in tho culinary sense, and always coming uppermost in the pot-au-feu. Rut we say again wo cannot help it. Nature and society are ravaged, now-a-days, as they wero in those of Machf.tii to make a " hell broth and a charm and, if the witches held the journalistic fork, as wc do, they would havo had the same ill luck that we have, in dipping into the cauldron of news. Instead of a mere viper, they might have iished up a Minister of Justice ; and, when they looked for nothing more spicy than tho "iiver of blaspheming Jew," they would bo hor rified at seeing that they had brought up the conscience of an Attorney-General. Let us bo thankful however, this morn ing, that the first bit of meat wo have hooked up is very wholesome, — tho ac count of the public meeting at Chewton, to protest against " tho unscrupulous and unconstitutional proceedings of the Minis try ;" a protest carried unanimously and enthusiastically, in a meeting of 350 to <100 persons, and in spite of the most de termined efforts to get up a counter- demonstration, which failed miserably, out of doors. This is, indeed, reaction — tho spontaneous movement 6f the real democracy ; — the people, at last, seeing through the hypocrisy and chicanery of their deceivers; resolved, no doubt, not to part with a shred of tho Land Bill, which tliey well knew was not gives wil lingly, but extracted, like blood out of his veins, from that wholesale squatter, the Chief Secretary; and as much resolved on a radical reform of the Council as they were, before tlio Ministry, by their blundering intrigues, bad " thrust great ness " upon it, and given it an unexpected and momentary standing in tho field of patriotism. If tho old fogeys can keep that position, so much the better ; and wc dare say tho Chewton pepple will bo satis fied ; as wo shall. But wc arc quite sure tliat tliey have given up none of their liberalism, none of their radicalism, none of their democracy, in making this demon stration against the Government. On the contrary, it is because they lovo liberty that they hate licentiousness ; and becauso they have discovered that the Ministers are " wolves in sheep's clothing," and tho worst enemies of progress, thnt they havo branded them with these marks of crimo and punishment. But where was Mr. Bindon, the learned member for the district, whom we, in our simplicity, have been looking to as a kind of vane, to tell U3 infalliblj- which way tho wind blow ; and who ought to have found out, before this time, that there is a storm gathering, which will not only shako and turn, but swoop away the weather- cocks themselves ; the storm of indignation, from a people who open their eyes to the frauds that have been prac tised on them ; and whose heaviest wrath will fall upon those who, pretending to know tho law, havo misguided them, by what proves to bo a false interpretation. Mr. Bindon had better go to Chewton, and seo to it. No doubt, lie will find that his constituents are right, and that he has been in error. Unless ho thinks tliey may take a different view in Castlemainc, and that they arc so much slower and duller there, as to take a great deal longer time, to see through him or tho Ministerial mill stone. So much for our gallant friends at Chewton, and the unfortunate and still unbeneficed Mr. Bindon, who, we fear, has even lost his chance of being Attor ney-General in the Graham Berry Ministry. The next topic that presents itself is the proposed Conference. But that has been treated already, in these columns. We will only say that, exquisite as will be the pleasure of seeing a bully brought to ponitenco and meekly swallowing tho leek, wq will pledge ourselves to bo silent, if the ministers will do so. So bitterly is this country suffering, not merely in its foreign aud intercolonial trade, which wo suppose this mongrel tariff was intended to des troy, but even in its manufacturing in dustry, which it pretends to promote, tliat wo should be inclined to do like those wlio are willing and glad to get back their stolen goods "without asking any questions." But — for the Upper House —we cannot answer; when wo seo what kiud of influences are crawling about, and how tho money-bags actually move of themselves ; like the garments of certain medimval saints, which were so full of vermin as to bo lifted up by them, and moved along the ground, without the appearance of other agency. So swarms, and so crawls, the insect brood of avarice. All we can say is tliat if the money bags prevail ; if the Upper House shall prove so recreant and so cowardly as to cry caitiff; if they surrender one particle of the Queen's prerogative, or the people's liberties ; if tliey concede more than is necessary to enable tlic Ministers to retrace their steps ; more than a man of honour will, to u base poltroon, wlio comes with inock humility, to apologise for insult, where the acceptance of that apology m almost any shape, provided that it be one, is essential to ilic welfare and hnppiness of others, ns it is hero to the salvation of tho.. Stato from ruin; if tho Council go beyond this point, then " farewell, a long farewell, to all their greatness" ; and not to their greatness only, but to their very existence, that " bubble," as it will then appear, liko tho poet's flower, " no sooner blown than blasted ;" doomed to perish, and to disappear inoro quickly, and more miserably, than tho last of Banquo's ghosts that vanished from the stage of history. This brings us to tho last point on which wo shall toHch — tho extraordi nary discoveries made, first, by Mr. Macoregob ; that, apart from Mr. Francis's ukase, there is absolutely no Customs' law in force, in this colony; and, secondly, the prodigious mare's-nest put forth, by way of contradiction, by Dr. Grbbves, — that wo have such a law, nnd that that law — which lie has, no doubt, fished up from ono of the sewers of Mel bourne which tlic Corporatien ought to have made, or borrowed from the museum which contained the sword that Balaam wished for, when he recollected thnt ho had only a stick — was tho identical stick that Sir Geo. Gipps used to beat us with, when we " wouldn't go" — tho old N ow South "W ales Act. This Act, according to Dr. Greeves, revives, ipso facto ; the subsequent ones all being ex tinguished, by tho failure of tho bill not reserved ; whilo Mr. Macgregob thinks thnt tho wholo fabric of legislation has fallen through — like the house that Jack built ; that there is no law at all, but a mere tabula rasa ; and that this is a suffi cient warrant for Mr. Francis to step forward — like a heathen god, in n ballet or a pantomime— to scribble his own non sense upon tho wall ; to call this an " Order in Council;" and then, like Bom- bastes Furioso, having published his cdiot and threatened the universe, to tell us that he is " prepared to take the responsi bility." But who and what is he, that his responsibility should be worth a straw, as against tho consequences of what, we tell him, is an enormous nnd flagrant crimo ; one proceeding from tho height of arro gance — rising, liko an empty bucket, from the depth of ignorance ; a usurpation of tho powers not only of Parliament but of the Queen, whoso veto on all legislation is indirectly taken away ; nnd a challenge to Her subjects, to dispute a claim which may prove to be no better than robbery, perhaps terminating in false imprisonment and murder. Tho public will think Mr. Levey did quite right, when he asked " the reason why;" and, .if the trade of tho colony, ana property valued at millions, were not at stake — to say hothing of constitutional questions — we should smile at tho pom pous, conceited, nnd coxcombical stylo, in which the Commissioner of Customs gavo his answer. Nor will the public think that the member for Normnnby was more presumptuous or obtrusive than lie should be when he " wished to know" what the Ministry had to say to all this ; " whethor tliey agreed with the member - f Itodncy, whose argumcntimplied that the whole of the duties collected, for some years, amounting to some L15,000,000, had been illegally obtained." He pointed out the " dilemma in which tho Government had placed themselves ; worthy even of the conscientious member for Bodney. He would like to havo his mind relieved." And so should wo ; but not at the expenso of having two consciences in ono Parlia ment. We are not alarmists, but wo are judi ciously sensible to the importance of the facts before us in reference to tho all- engrossing question of water supply. The most significant occurrence that arrests our aueuuon, ana wnien ougnt not to escape general notice is, thnt deputa tions are already, at this early period of the summer, finding their way to the Government offices, imploring prompt as sistance to avert tho most serious disaster — want of water. The ruin which has been some timo announced as general in the N ortbern districts, beyond tlio Murray Itiver, is extending into our own territory, and already the district of Bendigo is feeling its visitation. The events of this summer will convince tho most sceptical, that we have committed a grave error, in not having at an earlier period in our history made such provision as would have completely placed us out of danger. W e haveestablished a system of iron roads, which join the interior to tho seaboard, and doubtless with good result, but it was incomparably more important that a few millions of money should have been first spent, in supplying the great defect of this continent — water storage. The conservation of our rainfall, in every aspect of tho ease, is pre-eminently supe rior to all other considerations. Tho very existence of the population of wholo dis tricts is threatened by reason of its neglect, and the great industry of the colony can not bo conducted without it. The Govern ments of this country havo committed no grayer fault than to fritter away our splendid revenuo on-minor and unimpor tant operations, while this transcendant claim upon our consideraiion and exer tions has been completely ignored. Long ere this, beforo sucb vast quantities of the territory bad passed into private hands, five or six millions of acres should have been set apart, in suitable localities, to re tain tlio wuterfall and prevent its wasteful flow to the ocean. Many of the best posi tions, in fact most of them, have now been purchased, and arc no longer available ; but it is not too late to save those which arc left, and put them to tho use which their natural conformation indicates. The water schemo recently propounded is good as far us it goes, perhaps, but it is defective in some points, and especially in one — that it is not sufficiently compre hensive. Mueh more than that will be necessary beforo this country can be said to have a competent supply, or its rainfall effectually treasured. The plan laid out for accomplishment by this Government is one which will not meet the present emergency, though it may be found useful in certain localities when it is complote. Something is necessary at once, and the only thing that can be of immediate value is the preparation of subsidiary dams, which might catch the temporary rain fall from thunderstorms and occasional showers. Beyond this there seems to be no relief within tho ability of the Govern ment. Timo has been lo3t, and the evil has to be endured with fortitude, so far as tlio want of water is concerned, for it cannot be supplied in sufficient quantity this year. Tlic authorities, however, will bo called upon to make strenuous exertions to help tho people, if tho reports of scarcity which arc daily reaching us centinue, as there is every prospect they will. The Bendigo district is already being seized with alarm, as to what the miners and inhabitants generally are to do. Mining operations are hourly being suspended, aud, consequently, men are thrown out of employment. The unemployed aro increasing at a serious ratio. Hundreds luivo alrendy been dis missed from the mines owing to the de ficient supply of watel'. In all directions tho crushing and puddling machines are stopping, and ns our correspondents in form us, the miners and their families must shortly be reduced to semi-starva tion. In former years, when the dry season commenced very much later, and continued a comparatively Bliort time, the storekeepers aided the miners when they wero out of employment, and fed thoir families ; hence tho difficulty was bridged over. This year there is no hope or possibility of such relief being at hand, on account of the severity of tho privation, and the inability of tlio store keepers now-a-days to bear the strain upon their more limited resources. The anticipations of many of the residents in Bendigo and its neighbourhood are sueli tliat they look forward to a general aban donment of the district on tho part of tho alluvial miners. The meeting of tho "Water Supply Committee nt Sand hurst is significant of the fears which exist, and of the necessity for prompt action being taken. The committee, ac cording to tho Independent, " seemed deeply improsscd with tho absolute neces sity of immediate efforts being made to ward off a great impending calamity." They also are so confident that matters will gradually get worse, that they dread tho " necessity for subsidising charitable funds for tho relief of largo numbers of destitute." They seo tliat "the unem ployed will soonbe counted by thousands." It is the opinion of many that unless something should bo done to furnish a temporary supply for domestic purposes, vast numbers of men, women, and chil dren must leave tho district. What, then, is the manifest course to pursue ? In the first place tho multitudes that will bo without work must, ns far ns possible, bo employed by the Government in tlio furtherance of tlio Coliban water scheme, thus accomplishing a double purpose, that of affording immediate relief, and at the same time pro viding resources for future occasions. It would bo impracticable and useless to furnish labour save in the neighbourhood of water ; hence all other public works in the district must give way to those on the river. There is a vast amount of work to bo done on tlio Coliban, tho Campnspc, nnd Loddon, which will absorb whatever labour may be thrown upon the market. Although tho necessities of the case will causo a heavy draft upon the energies and resources of the Government, still such an appeal as will bo made must bo attended to. The long-neglected work must at once be commenced, at whatcvor cost, in convenience, and sacrifice. The aqueducts, reservoirs, tunnelling, and cutting to unite the Coliban and the Loddon can absorb a very large portion of the miners' labour durin g the summer, and would at on ce a fford a sufficient opening for tho relief that is sought.' When tlicy should return in the autumn or winter to their mines, tho people generally would havo tho satisfac tion of knowing that the great and long- desired scheme of supply had been mate rially advanced, as well as multitudes saved from ruin and disease. The miners liitborto havo contended with their difficulties with Herculean efforts, and with marked success, but it is absolutely beyond tbo reach of private enterprise to cope with the physical ob stacles which oppose them. Now the climax has been reached in which the legitimate agent for coping with the acci dents of climato has to bo put into opera tion. Circumstances now compel our immediately proceeding with those na tional works, which ought many years ago to have been initiated, and to be now in an advanced condition. A calamity, such as is anticipated by tho Bendigo peoplo, is likely to have a demoralising effect upon the population, and loosen their attach ment to the colony. It will, if they are not promptly cared for, causo them to be easily allured by tho exaggerated stories of distant goldfields. On the other hand, when tho present scheme of supjily is completed, as a preliminary to a more comprehensive one, a stability will bo given to our population, and nn impetus to tho development of our wealth, which will defy the world. A proclamation appears In last night's Go vernment Gazette, appointing tlia following commissioners for the Intercolonial Exhibition : — President : Sir Redmond Bnrry. Commis sion ; Sir Redmond Barry, the lion. George Barker, M.L.A. ; ihc hon. George Frederic Verdou, M.L.A. ; the hon. James Forrester Sullivan, M.L.A. ; tho hon. Sir James Frederick Palmer, the hon. Caleb Joshua Jenner, M.L.C. ; the hon. William Degraves, M.L C. ; the hon. Sir Francis Murphy, Samuel Henry Bindon, M.L.A. ; John Carre Riddcll, M.L.A. ; John Thomas Smith, M.L. A.; Edward Cope, M.L.A.; .I.J. Blensdale, D.D. ; Thomis Black, Ferdi nand Mueller, l'rcderlek M'Coy, F.G.S.L. ; Phipps Turnbull, Charles Edward Bright, Theophilus J. Sumner, nnd Robert M'Dougnll, all of Melbourne, In the colony of Victoria. The list appears to have been well selected, although it contains the names of two or three persons whose only qualification Is that they are Ministerial hacks. What possible use will Mr. EdwarJ Cope be on tlie commission ? Telegraplda communication was opened yes terday between Mellwurue and Wood's Point. There is every prospect of the Spring Meeting of the Victoria Racing Club being one of the most succossful turf meetings yet held on tho Flomington course. In ordtr that visitors from the country districts mny have an opportunity of being present on the Cup day, the Government will convey passengers at singlo fares. The Hon. W. Degraves, M.L.C., and Mr. Creswlck, M.L.A., yesterday waited upon the Chief Secre tary and asked that a half-holiday might bo proclaimed on the 2nd prox. Jlr. M'Culloch, without giving an affirmative answer, promised that the application should receive favourable consideration. Tho following are the latest quo tations for the Melbourne Cup : — G to 1 agst Rose of Denmark (taken), with 5 tol offered; 7 tol agst Angler; 8 to 1 agst Musidora; 100 to Gagat Mozart; 100 to G agst OrifUinme; 100 to o agat A'cxandrn ; 100 to 5 ag<t Tory Boy. Last night's Gove nment Gazette contains the draft of a treaty of commerce between Great Britain and the £oilvereln. The criminal information agnlnst the printer of the Age for a series of libels on Jlr. J. D. Wood, was tried yesterday In the Supreme Court, before Jlr. Justice Williams, and a special jury of twelve. The defendont exercised the right of challenge conferred by the New Jury Act pretty freely, the panel having been exhausted when only seven jurors were in the box. The prose cutor was In this respect at a disadvantage, as those jurors whom he had ordered to stand aside were then called, Including the President of the Protection League, who, however, was directed to "stand aside" asccund time. The gentlemen objected to by the defendant included several prominent members of the Free Trade League. Nenrly two hours were taken up lu preliminary skirmishing, but the case having been brought to a point, it proceeded very smo itbly. The J udge rejected evidence which related to Mr. Wood's poli tical career, and confined it as much as possible to that affecting lfs professional reputation. No witnesses were called for tlic defence, but the jury shortly after leaving the box announced that there was nn possibility of tln-ir ngreeiog, nnd they were lorksd up for the night. The court was crowded throughout the day, and the ease appeared to excito some interest, there being several members of the Legislature among the audience. The second session of the Commission for inquiry into applications under tlio 42nd section of the Land Act was held in the M ining Bonrd room; Baliaarat, on Thursday, Mr. Lignr, Sur veyor-General, iu the chair. The t-tar states : — " Some. 230 applications were dealt with, the business not being concluded ti.l after 7 o'clock p.m. Although the commissi in did not- give decisive replies by way of grunts of applications, it was understood that tlio<e which were not refused would lie granted upon proper proof of identity of the applicants and certain ether re- quirements, so that about three-fourlhs of the whole number of applications may bo regarded as granted. The large crowd present nil day showed strikingly the interest felt in obtaining a slice of land In our rich district. Some eager disputes occurred, and no end of dodges were cither hinted at or boldly declared, Mr. Lfgar himself taking exception to the iooeo way in which the system of rural store licenses hail been sometimes administered. The better protection of timber reserves was not lost sight of by tho commission; and on the motion of Mr. Baker, Jlr. Llgar directed that the attention of the Bonrd of Land nnd Works bo called to the de- sirabienesi of forest regulations, and rangers to Bee to their enforcement." A short scene occurred in the Supreme Court yesterday, Mr. Aspinnli nlluding to n statement rasdo by another counsel, said that lie did not enre whether Judges were corrupt so long as juries were honest. This remark offended Mr. J ustice Williams, who viewed it in a light iu which ao other person In the court could see it, and from tho tenor of his observations appeared to consider that the language was intended as a reflection upon his own conduct. Mr. Aspinnli of course denied having used it in any such sense, but liis Honour after repeating several times that Mr. Aspinall had snid it, at last ap peared satisfied with his explanation that it was not so. The monster petition initiated by the Free- trade League, ns also the petit! jn from the Chamber of Commerce nnd from tho Frce-trndo meeting held at St. George'a-hall, have been transmitted home to the Secretary of Stato for tho Colonies by his Excellency the Governor. This fact was notified tu Jlr. Blackwood yester day morning, in a letter addressed to that gen tleman by the Private Secretary, It may be interesting to know that at present thero arc nine different kinds of postage stamps at present in issue in this colony, all of which are printed, gummed, and perforated at the stamp branch of the General Post- office. The penny stamps of green colour were first issued on Gth September, 18G4 ; the mnuve twopenny stamp on tlie 24th Jlarch, 1864 ; the fourpenny car mine stamp on 1st September, 18G1 ; tlie eigbt- penny yellow stamp on 21st February, 1804 ; ail tbese are of tlie same design. Tben thero is the threepenny blue, the sixpenny black, nnd tha tenpenny olive-green, which wore first issued on 20th October Inst. The shilling stamps are blue, on blue tinted paper, and were first issued on 10th April, 18G5. Tho two-shilling stamps, blue on green-tinted paper, issued 22nd JInrcli, 1805. Tlie stamps are printed on water-marked paper, the water-mark representing the price of tlie label printed. Each sheet contains 120 stamps. The threepenny, sixpenny, tenpenny, shilling, and two-shilling stamps all vary in design, as well as in colour. Tho engraving has been exe cuted by Mr. Grosse. Sydney papers to the 24tli inst. aro to hand by the City of Adelaide, s., but tlie news haa been anticipated by telegraph. A public meeting in connection with the Col- lingwood Gold Jlining Company was held last evening, at the National-hnll ; Councillor Rushali in the chair. The clinirman stBted tliat at a late meeting, promises bad been made by various persons present of bringing forward several influential men to take up shares. After tlie reading of a formal report, Dr. Crooko was called on to give a description of the shaft and workings of the mine. It appeared from the description that tlie company had bored to a depth of 123ft. through several strata, from which a sample of gold had been obtained. The present shaft had been put down 300ft. from tlie point nt which the bore had entered. Expecting that the " ground" was as deep at the one piece us the other, the shaft lind been sunk. When part of the way down gold had been obtained under s stratum of black mud, nnd the directors of the company were so thoroughly satisfied with the prospects of the mine that a few days after wards, when it was known that what is called the floor of the gold working — a layer of rock under which no gold is found — dipped consider ably before reaching the peintatwhich the boring bad been carried out, they decided, before making any other exploration, to use tlie funds at tbeir command for the purpose of putting the shaft through tlie rock to a level with the bottom of the bore. There wee every pro bability that if they could now get funds to drive in the direction of the bore they would come upon a good drift. Several gentlemen bad since the last meeting taken up shares, anil Jlr. Kjtc had promised, when 1000 were taken up, to put an engine en the ground. After a vote of thanks to Dr. Crooke for tho information he had afforded the meeting, it broke up. Seeing an announcement in tlie metropolitan journals that a petition to tire Queen, praying Her Majesty to approve and ratify tlio proceed ings of the Governor in the present emergency, adopted at a public meeting held at Portland and signed by 200 persons, had been presented to his Excellency for transmission to Her Majesty, a resident in Portland writes to the Western Times that the statement is utterly unfounded, no meeting either in favour of or against the Ministry or tlio Governor having been held. With regard to the signatures, the same writer observes that not more than 05 names were attached to it, and that of those it had been publicly stated tliat several were put on without the knowledge or consent of the parties themselves. Tho plans for an extensive burglary at Messrs. Langc and Tboneman's stores, 32 JIarket street, were frustrated on Tuesday evening last by the exertions of Detectives Black, White, nnd Hartney. Black nnd his confreres were on " special duty" on Tuesday evening in Collins street west when they snw James Williams and Henry Hill, two well-known burglars, enter the store, while another man named James Wilson kept watch. A largo quantity of tobacco and tea was removed to tho rear of the building, where ft horse and cart was in readiness to take away the plunder. The three men were arrested, but a fourth, who was driving the horse and cart, managed to gallop away, exclaiming to bis companions, " Look out, lads, you are pinched." Entrance into the store was effected by liftingup a grating fa the front, and the plans of the thieves were otherwise so well laid that had it not been for tlie exertions of tlie police the store would have been robbed to a considerable extent. Tlie three men were brought before the City Court yesterday morning, and committed for trial. To-morrow the opening services will be held in the new Free Presbyterian Church, Bruns wick. The Rev. J. W. Inglis will preach in the morning, Rev. J. M'Michael in the afternoon, and Rev. J.J. Millard in the evening. A soiree will take place oa Tuesday evening at 6 o'clock, alter which several ministers nnd others will ad dress the meeting. The church is considered to be very handsome, and lias a spire of considerable elevation. The rain which has fallen during tlie week at Wangaratta, according to tho correspondent of the Constitution, has been too trifling to do much good, and fears are expressed on oil sides tliat the harvest, under any circumstances, must now be light. The Lunolhj Bxpress mentions that the 221b. nugget found at the Belgi m rush was discovered between the places where rested tho OISoz. and 8Qoz. lumps, and only Oft. away from tho claim which held the largest of the three. When cleaned tlie nugget weighed 254oz. An accident of a very serious character, whieli occurred on Thursday nt tho goods station, Sandhurst, to a man named Duncan Mntliewson, 31 years of age, a native of Scotland, and in the employ of Jlr. Elliott, brewer, ICaDgaroj l'lnt, as drayman, is reported by tli o Advertise': " It appeals that previrus ta the starting of the quarter- past 4 o'clock p.m. train the angina was shunting trucks, when Mathewson attempted to cross between two of (lie moving truaks, but the wheel of one caught liira by the heel, nnd ran over tiie right leg to the knee, causing a com pound fracture of the ankle and leg. He was at once conveyed to the hospital, and a consulta tion was held by the dectors, as to whether the leg should be cut off, but it was decided to wait until to-day. It is feared amputation will be necessary. The atation-mnstcr dors bis utmost te prevent people crossing the line, but they persist in doing so when whcio they please. At the goods station people cross nnongst the moving trucks with apparently the utmost dis regard of consequences. Tlie Commissioner of Railways will do well to ascertain whether it Ib not possible, by tlie erection of a fence, or by some oilier means, to prevent theso reckless pro ceedings." " The condemned convict Menard, who is to be hanged within the precincts of the Geelong gaol on Saturday morning, at 10 o'clock, exhi bits," says the Register, " no sign of remorse lor the crimo he has committed, and eats, drinks, nnd sleeps as heartily nnd soundly as though he had a length ol days helore him." Tlie convict Patrick Slieehan, found guilty of murder lost Friday, and now lying under sentence at Beecliworlh Gaol, lias been, says the Constitution, much more serious in ills de meanour within the last two or three days. On his way from tlio court be seemed much affected. The Rev. Jlr. Tierney, Roman Cntiiolic priest at Beechwcrtb, has been unremitting in his ministrations, and the guilty man listens to liira with great attention. The prisoner has a wife and family, nnd the unfortunate woman has several times, with two or three of tho children, visited her iiusband in the gaol. The decision of the Bxccutiva as to the timo nt which tlic sentence is to be carried into effect is not yet known. The large nugget recently found at the Belgian Rush, Dunoily, was on view nt the Bank of Vic toria, Market square, Cnstlemaine, on Thursday. Tlio Mail says : — " Tlio prizo, we believe, fell to tlie lot of a ' hatter.' The nugget, surrounded as it was by a quantity of dirt, presented a rather unsightly appearance, but tlic gold wos evidently of the finest description. The value of the nugget is about L2000." Tlie weather at Sandhurst nnd Castlemaino on Thursday was exceedingly oppressive. Towards afternoon dark clouds rolled nn. hut the iiopcsof rniu they engendered were disappointed. Tlie storm of dust in Sandhurst was more than ordinarily unpleasant. At the weekly meeting of the executive committee of tlio Immigrants' Aid Society, held yesterday, the superintendent made the follow ing return : — Number of inmntes in tho Home, as reported last week, 207 ; admitted since, G5 ; persons who have received ont-door relief, 348, or 85 families ; — total relieved, 020. Discharged from the Home during the week, G4. Total at present remaining, 208. Number stone- break ing, 16 ; oakum-picking and borso-halr teazing, 20\. Tlie following subscriptions have been re ceived during tlie week, per Jlr. Goff, collector, viz.: — Mr. \7, J. Grelg, LI; Messrs. Ryan nnd Ilnmmond, LI Is. ; Messrs. Bally and John, LI; Jlessrs. Cochrane and Radford, 5s. ; Mr. Jacob Gerson, 5s. ; Mr. A. Hill, 10s. ; Jlr. J. Currie, 10s.; Jlessrs. J. J. Marshall nnd Co., LI ; Mr. J . Harris, 10s. ; Mr. A. Harslem, 5s. ; Messrs. Geo. Martin and Co., L2 2s.; E. M., 10s. ; and H. S., 5s. A quantity of cast-off clothing has also been received from Mr. B. Ray. Owing to the present state of the society's funds, the liabilities of the current month Using con siderably more than the amount at present in tha imnds of tho treasurer, all applicants for relief have been reluctantly reiused, and further aid, except to the inmates now fa the Home or the holders of the society's relief cards, stopped. A special meeting of the committee is appointed to be held on Tuesday next to consider tile future of the soeiety. " Information has heen received from Ararat," remnrks the Geelong A clvertiser, " to the effect thnt the health of Mr. Jl'Cann, M.L.A. for South Grant, lias again taken nn unfavourable turn. On Saturday ln9t, whilst riding over the pluins to Fitzgerald's station, he was seized witli a fit, und lay alone on tlie plains, miles away from assistance, for many liours. Jlr. Jl'Cann was found by Sir. Fitzgerald, who was on his way to his homestead. Mr. M'Cann is fa such a precarious state thnt his medical adviser has inter dicted him paying nny attention to political affairs, as absolute quietude is necessary to his present state." A grand fancy bazaar will he held in St. George's-hall, between tho 31st inst. and the 4th prox., in aid of the fund for the JVosleynn Church at Richmond. The continued absence of n warden from Don nelly's nnd Stringer's Creeka is exciting (accord ing to the Gipps Land limes) the most lively complaints amongst the miners resident in these localities. Some few months ago Mr. Barnard was appointed to fulfil that office, but beyond one fl)ing visit to Donnelly's, nnd that it is snid of only four hours' duration, nothing has since heen seen of him, nor is any ono very certain ns to where he is at present located. Some say ho is on leave of absence, nnd living at his case in Geelong, but this is only one of the many ru mours circulating. "Wherever lie may or may not he, however, this much is certain, that the districts mentioned are being at present most shamefully trented by the Minister of Justice, in whom rests the power of supplying the want. He lia«, we are informed, heen frequently communicated with relative to tha appointment of a warden, but nothing definite can be obtained in reply. Mr. Barnard, we are further told, re ceived positive instructions to reside on Don nelly's Crick ; and if this be so nnd the claims of tlic district thus far theoretically considered, it would be only an act of practical justice to tem porarily appoint some one to fulfil his duties until lie is able to resume them, if, indeed, that event sheuld over cotno to pass. These districts are rapidly increasing, both 09 regards their mineral wealth and population ; a grant moss of businc-s lias accumulated, whicii, until finally disposed of, is entailing great loss and inconvenience to mnny, and If we ennnot have Mr. Warden Bar nard to dispose of it we must have some one else, ns the interests of an entire district cannot thus ho allowed to suffer through the continued ab sence oi a necessary officer. Since the above was in typo, n memorial, which will be found in another column, has heen forwarded to the Jlinister of Justice, requesting that a warden be appointed, as also a Court of Petty Sessions es tablished at Donnelly's. " Henry tlie Fourth" will he revived at the Theatre Royal to-night, with a powerful cast. Jlr. Joe Brown obtained ono of the largest audiences which was assembled within the walls of the Haymarket Theatre during the season of the Christy Minstrels, on tho occasion of his benefit, last night. The benefictare, who was most cordially received, appeared in many of tiie scenes, and also danced his celebrated j'K 