A RIDE OX AX AVALANCHE. Professor Tynd&U;, in a letter to The timet, describes his perilous adventures np the Pis liorteratsch as follows " Towards the end of last July, while stay ire at Pontrtsins, in Ober Engadin, I was in vited by two friends to join in an expedition np the Piz Morteratsch. This 1 willingly did, for I wished to look at the configuration of the Alps from some^commanding point in the Beinina Mountains, and also to learn something of the capabilities of the Pontre sine guides. We took two of them with us— Jenni, who is the man of greatest repute among them, and Walter, who is the heed of the bureau of guides. We pro posed to ascend by the Rosegg, and to return by the Motteratech glacier, thus making a circuit, instead of re tracing our steps. About eight hours of pleasant, healthful exertion placed us on the Morteratech Spltze, where we remained for an hour, and where the conviction forced on my mind on many another summit was renewed —namely, that those mountains and valleys are not, as supposed by the renowned Pre sident of the Geographical Society, ridges and heaps tossed up by the earth e central fires, with great fissures between them, but that ice and water, actiDg through long ages, have been the leal sculptors of the Alps. Jenni is a heavy man, and marches rather slowly up tLe mountain, but he is a thoroughly competent mountaineer. We were particularly. pleased with his performance iu det rending. He swept down the slopes and cleared the 'echidnas,' which cat the upper snows with great courage and skill. We at length reached the poiut at which It was necessary to quit our morning's track, and immediately afterwards got upon some steep recks, which weie rendered slippery here ana theie by the water which trickled over them. To our right was a broad couloir, which was once filled with suow, hut this had been melted and re-frozen, so as to expose a sloping wall of ice. We were all tied together at this time in the following orderJenni led, I came next, thin my friend H , an intrepid mountainet r, then his friend L-—, and last of all the guide Walter. L had but little experience of the higher Alp-, and was placed in front ol Walter,so that any false step on his paitmightbe instantly checked. After descend ing the recks for a time Jenni tamed and asked me whether 1 thought It better to adhere to them or to tiy the ice-slope to our right. I pronounced in favour of the rocks, bat he seemed to misunderstand me, and turned to wards the couloir. 1 stopped him before he reached it, and said, '.Jenni, you know where yon are going ? the slope is pore ice.' He re plied, ' I know it, but the ice Is quite bare (Or a few yards only. Across tills exposed por tion I will cut steps, and then the snow which covers the ice will give as • footing.' He cut the steps, reached the enow, and deeoended carefully along it, all following him, appa rently in good order. After a little time he stopped, tamed, and looked upwards at the last three men. He said something about keeping carefully In the tracks, adding that a fake step might detach an avalanche. The word was scarcely altered when I heard the sound of a fall behind, me, then a rash, and in the twinkling of an eye my two fiiends and their gnide, all apparently entangled together, whirred past me. I suddenly planted myself to resist their shock, but in an instant I was in their wake, for their im petus was irresistible. A moment afterwardi Jenni was whlrltd away, and thus all five of us found ourselves riding downwards with uncontrollable speed on the back of an ava lanche which a single slip had originated. When thrown.down by the jerk of the rope, I turned, promptly on my face and drove my baton through the moving snow, seeking to anchor it in the ice underneath. I had held it firmly thus for a few seconds when i came into collision with some obstacle and was rudely tossed through the air, Jenni at the same time being shot down upon me. Both of us here lost our batons. We had, in fact, been carrhdover a crevasse, had hit its lower edge, onr great velocity causing us to be pitched beyond it I was quite bewildered for a moment but immediately righted my self, and could sec those In front ot me half buritd In the snow, and Jolted from side to eide by the tuts sarong which they were passing. Suddenly I ssw them tumbled over by « lurch of the avalanche, and Immedi ately afterwards found myaell imitating their motion. 'This was earned by a seoond em wane, .Jenni knew of Its oristennn and plunged right into it—a brave and manful aot, hut for, the time unavailing. He Is over thirteen stOLe iu weight and he thought that fay junipihg into .the chasm a strain might be pot upon the _ rope sufficient to cbedk the .motion. He was however vio lently jerk ed_ out of the fissare and almost mm. which led nowomnie.to • brow where the fiUwereud deeljMuU In » deolivily of Joe. Ac. the btue , dectoitr Jhe^Udywucut bracelet of profound cut on, and toward* ibeee we wwenowayddl* JwrnA The three Jcranatt mew rode abem the forehead of (he arnUnciw, and were at uo ee almoat wholly immened In „ »I H»eInceMMtljr, and ttpafU eu*ir drown hi* feet into the taner dajtowee BBd*Math. Hi* rolws, JwiIWi VHJt! Beer Sun*, haitT' me toe aaJ/onefaeard daring tbgdooeut. A Mod rfnocdeend memory, each <i tbntdeeoribod pf fim&te; woo nawiiiffotv ewaped drown- i ufc jpnj»ndon of me, Md I tfa#agfet j nia MMfttd Witt MtwutocAl dwroflii 2 JSt-feed wlotf* Oat «Urt nomwa, J m—lirfiiMiiwi- mm ily mrib-WMMift tiwi mwii ] to permit rf ttw development of terror, 13m i/QuegJaoe teeeiM IteieMgllwiM / ritiblr elecfcenMi, end -w»thoqght we Were turning to jot 7m wnleuoM, however, crueed the itfojr which terminated tide centfor elope, end «,***!»•d Jte motion. Ben liifew idiajra around h(« friend, ell hope lit (lie time Ml, rxtiugutthod, while I jr»n«i tuj belt end >uag«led for en liietant U' attach »p*U, Finding thii diffioult, I itenuud foe poll upon foe Tope. Ity therein the work was, I fear,infinitesimal, but Jcnul'e j powerful strain made itself felt at last. Aided, probably, by a slight obange of I inclination, be brought the whole to rest nil bin a distance of the chasms over which, bed we preserved our speed, a few seconds would have carried us. None of us suffered (ericas damage. B emerged from the ! snow with his forehead bleeding, but the wound was super ficlal. Jennl had a bit of flesh removed from his hand by collision against a stone; the pressure of the rope had lett black welta on my arms, surd we all ex perienced a tingling sensation over the hands, like that produced by incipient frostbite, which continued foe several day a. t found a ! portion of my watch-chain banging round my m ck, another portion in my pocket—the watcli itself was gone. This happened on the 30tb of Jnly. Two days afterwards I weat to Italy, and remained there for ten or twelve days. On the IGth of Anenst I was again at Putitresina, and on that day made an expedi tion in search of the lost watch. Both the , gnidtsand myself though t the eon^heat might melt the enow above it, and I inferred that 1 if its hack should bBppen to be uppermost, the slight absorbent power of gold for the solar rBys would prevent the watch from sink ing as a stone sinks under like clrcumstancts. The watch would thus be bionght quite to ' the surface: and, although a small object, it night possibly be seen irom some distance. ! I was accompanied up the Uorteratsch glacier by five friends, of whose conduct I cannot speak too highly. One of them in particular, a number of the Biltish Legislature, sixty four y ears of ugt, exhibited a courage and col- ! b elt duces In places of real difficulty which i were perfectly admirable. Two only of the paity, both competent monntaiueers, accom panied me to the scene of the accident, and none of us vculured on the ice where it originated. J net before stepping upon the re mains of the avalanche, a stone, some tons in weight, detached by the eun from the snow slope above us, came rushing down the line of our glissade. Its leaps became more and more impetuous, and on reaching the brow near which wc bad been brought to rest, it bound, d through the air, and, witb a single spring, reached the lower glacier, raising a cloud of ice-dust iu the air. Some fragments { of i ope found npon the snow assured us that we were upon the exact track of the ava IsLche, and then the search commenoed. It ] had not continued for twenty minutes when a cheer from one of the guides—Christiau Michel of Orlndelwald—announced the dls covi ry of the watcb. It bad been brought to i the surface in tbe manner surmised, and on tbe i lamination seemed to be dry and nnin jured. I noticed, moreover, that the position of the hands indlrated that it bad only tun down beneath the enow." TBEMcKPEBOFABamiFrisDuBUN.—Tbe j following particulars of this murder are given by The Tunes' correspondentA tragical illustration of the peculiar privilege of land lords to shear their debtors close to the skin occurred on Thursday evening at the house Ko. 64 Upper Bathmines. The tenant of I that bouse was Mr. William O'Dcll, a barris- | ter. lie was called to the Irish bai iu 183" hut it does not appear that he bes practised fer some years past. Be lately held the situation of clerk to the School of Art, in connexion with the Eoyal Dublin Society. Be lost this from some cause not assigned, hut the general impression is that he bad been addicted to intemperance Thi6 supposi tion is countenanced by bis personal appear ance, tbe neglected state of his hair, the sbabbincss of his dress, and the redness of his face. At atl events, though having no family hut a wife, he Is said to have been j labouring under pecuniary difficulties, in consequence of which he was unable to pay bis rent. Some accounts state that he owed only £8 of rent, others that his arrears amounted to £8G Die landlord, Mr. John U'Donnell, who lives at 68 Upper Rethmines, ordered a distress for rent to be made at the bouBe of Hr. O'Dcll, on Thursday last. The person employed to execute the warrant was Joseph Grace, civil bill officer of tbe city of Dublin. According to bis evidence at tbe coroner's inquest held on Friday on the remains of a bailiff named Fox. be was ac companied by a man named Bennessy, also a bailiff. Ur. O'Dell web in a parlour to the right of tbe door. Grace, standing dose to tbe parlour door, read a copy of the notice of distress, and putting it under the door, 6aid, " Hrre, Ur. O'Dell, is tbe notice of dis tress." He then went into the parlour at the o] posite side of the ball, where be waited for fwinly or thirty minutes, till Ur. O'Dell made his appearance. He told him that he j bad come to make a distress ; that Ur. | U'Donnell, the landlord, was iu Dublin, and 1 that be would do nothing till Lc saw him, counting on tbe probability of some arrange ment being made. Leaving Hennessy in charge of the furniture, alter waiting from half-past ten till post.one o'clock, he went Into ! the gatden to smoke. While there Ur. O'Dell came out and commenced grinding a large pruning knife, remarking while he did so, ,;Bow hard it is to get tobacco off a knife." When he was patting the knife into his peclet Grace remarked something like the butt end of a pistol, and beard tbe knife ratllirg against it. At half-past one the officer went away,met Mr. M'Donnellln town I and told blm of the distress, after which be | brought with him the bailiff Fox, who was also named in the warrant. They arrived | at Ur. ODell'e boose at half-past four, and { waited another half hour the arrival of the j landlotd, when, seeing no chance of an ar rangement, he began to take an inven tory of tbe furniture, which was to be re moved to the landlord's honae, and ! stored there to save expense. When Ur. U'Donnell at length arrived and had a con versation along with Ur. O'Dell. Grace asked | whether they were " to move t" to which tbe landlord replied, "Ton know your duty," Grace stated that be i understood his doty to be to remove everything no the premises I unless be received orders to tbe contrary. { The bailiffs then began to remove the furni ture. During this operation Ur. O'Dell went in.and out of tbe ball, but did not say an I uncivil word nor offer the slightest resistance, I undone of the bailiffs remarked that be and j his wile were " as qnlet as two children." The landlord and tenant having had some private | conversation, which toe bailiffs did not bear, I (he fbrmercame into the room where Grace was, and said, "We wont removeUra.O'DeU's bed or bedding." Subsequently he called Grace to the kitchen and said, " Yon must remove the things." Tbe officer asked was he to take the bed, to which he replied, . Yon know your duty," and went away.' Ur. O'Dell afterward* went to Grace and asked, "Js the bed to be taken away f He promised it would not" Grace then said, *•1 do not -understand that Ur. U'Donnell; yon had better go down and have a positive 1 direction a boat the bed." Later, Ur. M'Donnell came back with Ur. O'Dell, nod stated Hut the bed was not to ha token. Ur. ODell torn asked whether toe wear log apparel was to he token, to which the offioer replied that It was liable to be coined in a distress warrant tat rent, but that ha would ; not lake It ssltat be got directions. He afterwards spoke about toe matter to Mr. | U'Donnell, who emu to have changed hie j mind sgnln, for be gave peremptory orders,J raying, "Take everything away to-nlgbt, ] end whatever he wants io-morrow will be j given up to-morrow, when we' understand each' other better. Yon know I dou't wish to .be hush," The wearing apparel was then taken down and necked In a box. Everything in tbe house bad been removed, with tbe exception of an old table and two ' earthem jars. The servant asked for to* { old table, and U wis lifted back into toe 1 house, and Fox, one of the bailiffs, said, pointing to the two jars," There ft some thing forgotten." Hitherto nothing no pleasant bad occurred. Mr. and Mm, O'Dell; were very civil, and gave Uennessy, one of tbe bailiffs, his dinner; (bey also thanked Graoe j for the way in which ha had performed fats j dDty.ard when he wu going he wished th \m good evening. It was then dark and «andfe | sure llabted hi the uriiinr. For was tha Umt Jo the home; Jte nJd lo the othen, "I* iritt le After yon/ They wen not mom than eight or nine {won from the door, when 1 U)» tord « ciuit mod iu the Amoka of a ptetol let off to the doorway, FpxexoUlmed,: "Oh my God,Xiun ebotf ran, ran!" Or«ce j I ben tuned wily round sod «* Mr. O'Delt •itft- i«ro women, beard a flint (hriek »nd the exclamation, "Cumin it no riolence." At , tbeume tine b« beard Mr; O'Pell crying, ''Now go for (lie polloe; charge mo for ; minder. Gno* ran lo the landlord, And ] mid there »u some one killed. Hapnewy ; went t*y ■ ihoit cat for tbepolloe, trbo »erj quickly on the spot with the landlord and Grace. They found tho bailiff Fox shot through the forehead and apparently dead. He woe at once removed to the Mcath Hos pital, where he breathed his last, in the meantime, Mr. O'Dell had gone to the station-house and delivered himself up to the police. When be entered tho office Hennessy said, "There is the gentleman that shot him." "Yes," said O'Dell, "I shot him while In a state of frenzy. I saw the man fall, and I got sorry for ft, I cocite now to this police to give myself up. llcre is the pistol I shot him with." It was a six rhamhered revolver, three of the chambers being loaded and capped. The prisoner was brought before Mr. Allen at the head offio^ yesterday morning, and by him tho case was remitted to the coroner. At the inquest, which Was held yesterday by Dr. White, city coroner. In the MealU Hospital, Mr. Stau- | hope Adams, resident pupil, described the [ nature of tbe Wound. It was made by a ball which perforated the bead at the right ; temple, reaching the wall of tbe skull on the opgweitesidc of tbe brain. That wound was the cause of death, and no earthly assistance j could have availed bitu anything. Tbe find ing of the jury was that death was caused by a pistol-shot wound, iuliiclcd by William O'TVoll Tub Romance or an Early Engage bent.—The following romantic story is told ol Lord Maich (grandsou of Charles II.), who afterwords became ll>c Fecoud Duke of Richmond, and who while yet quite young was engaged, without bring consulted as to the choice, to a lady still younger. The bride was Lady Sarah, the daughter of the Earl of Cadogan, Marlborough's favourite general. Their union (according to Napier's account) was a bargain to cancel a gambling debt between the parents, and the young Lord March was brought from college, the lndy from the nursery, for the ceremony. The bride was amazed cud silent, but the bridegroom exclaimed, " Surely you are not going to many me to that dowdy ?" Mar ried he was, however, and his tutor instantly carried him off to the continent. Throe years after this event Lord March returned home from his travels a most accomplished gentleman; but having such a very dis agreeable recollection of his wife he avoided home, and repaired, on the first night of his arrive', to the theatre. There he saw a lady of so fine an appmrar.ee that lie risked who she was, and on being answeied that she was "the reigniog toast, the beautiful Lady Match," he hastened to claim her, and they | lived together so affectionately that one year I only after his decease, in 1760, she died of | grief. One of the numerous children of this loving pair, Lady Sarob, grew up an extra ordinary beauty, and attracted the attention of George III, who had then ascended the throne, at the age ol 22, and her charms made such a deep impression on the heart of the young King that he no doubt would have married ber, had not influence been exerted to prevent it; aud he was compelled by Stale policy to marry tbe Prinoess Char lotte of ifecUenbnigb-StreUts, who bore him fifteen children (or whom the Duchess of Gloucester was the last surviving, and who died in 1867). The subsequent marriage of Lady Sarah Lennox in 1764 to Sir Thomas Charles Buubury, Bart., wno was the son of a clergyman, proved Ibat with ber ambition j was not a ruling passion. But ber married i life was an unhappy one, ami the marriage j was dissolved by an Act of Parliament in 1770\. Sire was afterwards married to the Don. Major-General George Napier, and became tbe toother of a set of most remark able men, amongst whom were the late Sir Charles James Napier, the conqueror of Scinde, acd Lieut.-General Sir William Na- I jriei, tbe historian of the Peninsular war. ler ladyship died in 182G, at the ad ran cod age of 82, and was believed to be the last j surviving great granddaughter of Charles 11.—City Prtti. The Sewino-Machihe and Female La bocb.—The sewing-machine has evetywbere I improved instead of lowered the wages of needlewomen. It has practically rendered Hood's sempstress " with fingers weary and worn" a tiling of the past. No woman I working at it earns so little as 6s. a week, which with the common needle would have been high wages, and ibey no longer labour for such a pittance sixteen honn a day. In the various factories where it is employed ten hours a day is the average time of j labour. Tbe poor shutmaker, who threw such a dismal shadow on the wall in the poet's picture, need do so no longer. We viriled one of the largest shirt- collar makers in London the other day, aud found the young girls employed at wages ranging be- j twren 12s. and 20a a week—all healthy looking, merry, and bright. These wages we beard were a fair sample of those now given in this particular trade, and that of I shirt-making throughout the metropolis, and, ' what is more, the cry on all hands is for labour. " It is not machines we want, hut | maihi n e-workere," is the oonstant complaint of tbe manufacturers. "1/1 had a thousand women w Uo oould work the sewing- machine," said the agent of one of tbe largest sewing- ] machine manufacturers, " 1 oonld find places at good wages for them all." This Is the explanation of the statement made at the | beginning of this article, that an obscure i American mechanic had act tied the problem which philanthropy had given up in despair. By the census of 1851 it appears that there i were 40,000 women working with the needle, 20,000 of whom redded in this metropolis. Yet from this army of workers the labour- { market is vainly calling nut for recruits. But recruits, whether for tbe battle-field or \ for tbe hands employed upon delicate ma- | chinery, must be trained to he effective, and it is this preliminary training which It tbe gnat want. In the United States, where ; tbe sewing-machine ha* beoome a domestic institution, young girls when ataohool sue trained to it* use; poadMy It may be to with us when the machine hroomet mora widely known.—Tinut. Mcmta or Two Burnt liu Donux.— A double murder at Balbriggan it still in volved in mystery. A ftroDg suspicion is entertained that the brother of the deoesaed la not inuocrnt of the dreadful deed, but no evidence hat been obtained op to tbe present to justify the expression ofa stronger opinion on the tnbject. A writer, 'who jua visited tbe scene of the tragedy dnoe the inquest, starts several theories to sooount for dream-: stances in connexion with tbe murder that remain unexplained. There was, it seems, a dog in the bouse where one of the bodies area found, and it la thought singular that it did not sitae the brutal assassin; but this he regards as proof that the crime was committed try seme one well known to the animal. Tbe view is also held by many per sons that the maiden were perpetrated con temporaneously by at leaat rwo petacma, as, if the girl in tba house who, it ares enpgnsed, was firat ettaraart, And soraamed, the oiber in the field nrart jaave baaed bar; bat it does not follow Oht'tbs ah fortunate. creature got an orooruiBUy 'of crying (kit.' Tire firrt blow may hava rendered her insen sible. The forrwlntowbtob the second sister foil when struck down by the sasswin is still deeply ettdned vrith jifood. The ground does eot preaen(tt#M>earsooeai4f astragals had taken ptaory'kforfcavs the police d Ircovired any footwrnfoilh/tta soft earth. Tba fields andam^lUQund about being searched, (hat tbe aeesssln or MMiM tMght JfofolNy In their fiigbthave tbn^iiMhhMfo jfoU cle, tbe detention In detection. Every pltoe (lose to 4 . tbeoutrafiebatSenV.aeaicbet), lot ; ... . was found except tie pitchfork wilb'mhfon , tba murder la said to hayo feefh committed, i itls atpresentinPaUlB, Whem ttfe to he : submitted to* cbemleul 'toltyelv* view of discovering whether fkr" * etelaa upon it.—/Wri ftiwr.tV3 Th* An aim oftr* —The fipMicUl »ff»jwpf.jfcto;|irtht«|B>n »ra cMuiog » gocd dead Mjaxdtmmaat . In the ■ neighbourhood of M* ■ property ii chiefly '^nbm *b* limit? u Mil known, li'6 SBjdared tbrt Og tba „ 1& M. *0 M Mtewlw i lo prevent tw ImnkliiL, .... linen! *1 Bmifii&tf;'bM, In teferr ence to tbo nature of the llfWIltt* it 4a Mid ■ ibiy 110 not entirely of JijMloiqrtiJp'a ciwiion, but ban tecc 'fNgmipi to ptm j with the estates; the immodiato claim Is said to ho about £90,000.—fiat tern Morning ATti ct. Bequests to the Public.—Mr, James £wart, a successful Dumfries merchant, who died in 1869, bequeathed about £10,000 for the erection and endowment of a school in that town for the free education of poor children. This noble gift was some time aftcrwnida supplemented by the late Mr. John Ewart, of Liverpool (brother of James Evert), who bequeathed XV,000 for the erection of additional schools iu which children of the upper and middle classes could tie educnted on moderate terms. The building, of wbicb Messrs. NuUall and Cook, of Liverpool, were the architects, is now complete. It is a fine structure in (he dooo raled Gothic slyle, and Is situate at Newton Stewart. This " Ewart Institute," as it is called, was formally inaugurated a few months since. The Dakrkbb or Bawikoish.—Dr. E. Smith, assistant-physician to the hospital for Consumption and Disease of the Ghost at Biompton, has jutt published the inaugural address which, as president, he delivered be fore the Physloloaieal Suo section of the British Association at Bath. The following is the passage In which he refers to " Bant irgfem -"A consideration of the dietary or -* * ——.—II* —"•l Lava avid (a two classes 4t kut, vis, the well-fed middle and higher classes, and moderately ted or ill-fed Jabotuiiig classes; but time will cot allow me to refer to the former lurthir lian to offer a few observation* on ' Uantinghm,' whilst 1 shall describe the latter la some detail. The attention which has lecuilly been called to Bantiugiam has,I think, Ken advantageous to the community, by showing the elhcte which flow from a it gelation of dietary, and by gaining the con fidence of the publio in toe science of the question. The names of the component! of food are now far more widely koown than before, and we may almost assume that all jHT-oLS know the dlfTereuoe between caibou and nitrogen in their ultimate use in the animal system. I am not beio concerned with the medical ques tion, ai to whether it is desirable to lednce the bulk ot a given individual—a circum stance which must always beleft to the judge mint of the medical man in obarge of the case; bat 1 feel compelled to state, that It would be an evil to this nation, both physi cally and mentally. If lbs system of reduction wne to become at all geneial: and that, ou the contrary, it girding the whole population, we need to add to, rather than takd from, the weight of the body. 1 would also add my ex pel ttnoe as a physician, that even in the well led classes 1 have seen very eerlout diminu tion ot both bodily and mental vigour follow the working out of the plan. Omitting, there fore, any reteiencetotheqnestion of health, and considering the subject scientifically, wo most admit that in a full fed and fat man the fat and fluids of the body may be lessened, and the whole balk and weight proportionally re duced by tlds system, and that upon princi ples which have long been well established. The whole plan is to reduce thecaibon or fat- terming elements In the food to a point much below the daily wants of the system, so thst a portion of the fat already in the bjdy may be consumed daily, whilst at the same time the nitrogenous dements are supplied with at least their usual abundance. This is effected by withholdlngseparatedfats, as butter and the fat of meat, and by very greatly re stricting the analogous food, starch, which enters largely into the composition of floor and all grains. The supposed necessity for giving a very large supply ot meat is based upon incorrect reasoning, and, in reality, is owing to the fact that the carbon which Is found associated with the nitrogen in lean flesh is required from the too great reduction which has been been made in sugar, fat, and starch in othrr food. Forthepntpaseinhand it is more consistent with sense and tcieooe to allow the nsnal variety of food, bat to limit the total daily amount ol it, so that the quan tity of carbon shall be in defect of the duly wants, and the quantity of nitrogen remain as before. There Is no necessity for the absolute rxcL-iin of fat and sugar, and the extreme redaction in the quantity of bread any more than for the great increase in the quantity of meat. The balk of the body may be ndnced simply by lessening the amount of the kinds of food usually taken; and as the redaction is more slowly effected, it is a process attended by leu danger to the health. It may not be doubted that In pro portion as the system is extensively adopted, and in a given cue is worked oat rapidly, m will be Che prevalence of heart diseased, de rangement of digestion, and goat. S.-edi on bow sown which will yield • plentiful harvest to medical men." The Vklvutox Appxix Casi.—After the opinions in this cue weie delivered ia the , House of Lords on the 28db of J uly, a drift oi the intended Judgment *u transmitted to the solicitors lor tbe partite, whereby it was proposed, in the action of tbe declarator of marriage, to reveiae thejudgment of the First Division of the Oonrt o! Sessiou, and to ab solve tbe appellant. Major Yelverton, from the con elusions of the summons; and in the action of declarator of freedom and patting to silt nee to give Judgment In favour of Major Yelverton in terms of both conclusions of the torn moos, as had been done by Lttd Aid tnillas in the fiitt judgment of thecanae; but in both cams without expenses The summons of declarator of freedom and putting to silence contained not only the leading condor ion to have the defender, Mrs. Yeivtrton, pot to diem hot also a eeoond conclusion to have her found liable to the appellant, Major Yelverton, in £50 of da mages. It was maintained for Mrs. Yelrertoo dirt before the chief clerk of the House o. Lords, and afterwards before Bir John Shaw Lefevie, bat without sucoees, that not only was it not Mm intention of the House of lands to award dsmagns against tbe re spondent, but that it was incompetent to do so, aa no judgment for damages could be given without the Intervention of a jury to him them, according to tbe provisions of the 6th Gauge IV, cap, 120, see. 28, which appropriates all audi < questions for trial by jury. Having failed to get the draft judgment altered aooordlng to fhe ngmhtn ootieatiee, the matter was referred to the Lord Chancellor, and ou Thursday last hi* Lordship, after hearing Mr. Tippet te for (he uppdUnt, and Mr. Waka ford, of Simeon and Waktford, tor Mm. Yelverton, ruled that in tbe action of de clarator of freedom and patting to tUenoe, judgment ought to be mada tnoooformUy with the tort oondaslon of Mm sum moos only, thns giving eflect to tbe view oontenled for by the respondent, and disallowing soy awaid of euupa The Judgment oi the House has now been lamed asso aettled by his Uudahlp.—Hmfamea. CuBmnun aoOYxasa aoo,—From the diary of that rare bid genip. Mr. Pepya, wa extract the foliowlngmi tries relative to three Christ mas Days ol200 years ego"Christmas Day (165KJ.—Had n pleasant walk to Whitehall, where I Intended to have received the ootn munion with the family, hut I came a little too late. Bo 1 walked up Into the house, and ■pent my time, looking over pictures. parti cularly therfaipe iu King" * Voyage toBulleHrs mm" u recce between thoae 1 By-and'by, down to the . fiwhop Morior totoohed on amgtfe 'Qhrry to God oatoigh, onearth and gobd-will towMflemen.' M* rthemadetatapoorasraKm, botlong and nprehtodlsgtbe common jotiUyofthel Court for tbe true }py that shall and ought to be on thus days. Partloulailaad concern 1 thdr'vtosss iodays and gaming, «*• j that ho wboae offloa it ia to km Uvs gamesters In otderand within hbbof out for a around rather in a dud, l tb« groomMroster. Dpon which it to r I how far they are comeftoa f they ah laoghlntb* chip*) . qq tfrftifT wv^DM uqi did much prere w to jOTlntheee public dayi if joy. and to bamWty. Butone"tttt stood tor mUvtmlto my narr, ihrt thp> Jnllowed wlihvialH gild I to Milri f ,L {W66)r--To< saw a wedding 1 cot seen many a i to (tuny one see delight < sea these p tlon, every man, Malliiu at {tutor Torilnnera' witlriil m'.1 ttfBtfSBiBL tbe lifecfJulia CZais«r,»nd Ilea < ft : \- UBpuamPatomtoW.—A fttoato camel; Mill tier yoong ow\ ayri red reoeo tiy In Booth* s» ai'fa,s,afs.ssr«sss. jhcywwctooompaniwlfcyanAiSbfcrt By op coutrivsnoe ooold the niltf e*to« Indnoed to crow the gangway from the dock to toe ship, although the Arab tried by Mows, and by ooaxlng with a bag of oats, to iet bet on board. The young camel, about tlw «1bJ of a posy, and covered with beautifully toft silky balr, stuck to bis dam. As the tide was about to ebb, the pilot on board the ship became Impatient, ana called out," Have the animals shipped." A number of the German passengers on board tbe New York rushed on shore, and, amidst shouts of laughter, took tbe young camel up in their arms and carried him bodily on to the steamer, and the ship was obliged to leave the side of the dock Im mediately, leaving the she camel behind. The young camel began to cry in the moat plural manner on being separated from bis dam, and the latter,, heating the cries, moaned dis tressingly ; her eyes were moistened with teats, and her head was slowly and eulemnty moving to and fro, looking for her young one. At length she was put iota a horse-box and slung on boaid a steam-tug and taken out to tbe New York, which watted In the Stream for her. Tows ABD MaBICIT IltPEOVEHBHTS IS Lrvksrooi— The Liverpool Corporation has some tzhnslve schemes of improvement in hsnd. At the meeting of the council lately, a recommendation was presented by the Markets Committee for the purchase of the i proptrly adjoining the present beymerket, end forming then a grand and comprehen sive wholesale market for vegetables and finite, at a cot of £86,000. This sum Includes i the cost of widening s number of streets, so j as to afford good approaches to the market from all nans of tbe town, and also tbe re- j movel ol St. Ann's Church, which at present "stops toe way." Tbe net cost of the market, ve of the street improvements, will excloelv. „ — be £66,000, and as the revenue Is expected foexottd £2,000 per onnnm, a re torn of five per cent, on the outlay may be counted upon. Several numbers of council opposed this relume, tn toe ground that the site of the haymarket was not sufficiently central. Ultimately the scheme for the new market was referred backtotbecommlitee, for fur ther consideration. Amongst others laid bs fore the council yesterday, were recommenda tions In favour of obtaintog powers to borrow £90,000 for the Improvement of streets at the south end of the town, and that the Parlia mentary notioes for tots purpose comprise power to enable the council to borrow money for toejutrpose of providing psrks sod open r the recreation of the people. These spares for t . recommendations were adopted. O AEIBAJLCI ADD TBS COSVBRTIOS.—A Torin correspondent of the Paris t'rau, writing to ilia# iMivaial ah filia Ififli InSt aasiw ■ wfla>l. that journal on the 16th Inst, says ^"Gari baldi peilists in his silence. He is neverthe less opposed to the convention. The con trary has been maintained. His sileaoe has bear taken for tacit approbation. It Is thus to break that silenoe. 1 have in my hands an original unpublished letter of General Garibaldi to General Aveaxana, his frlond and foimer companion in arms, which re moves all doubr. This letter runs tons:— ' Caprera, 10th Oct Vydear Av.uana,—Like you, 1 deplore tbe mastacie (ueddio) of tbe br»ve people of Turin. Like you I grieve (iaiMRtoj to ee« our country so badly and to shsmelnlly (ttrgofftunnmaOt) governed- From the state of things generally, I think I need not for tbe moment quit Capreia.—I am, fcc., G. GtantstJ)!,' Note that this letter Is in reply to cm from General Avexzsoa, a copy of which Is before me, in which the latter declares himself as energetically as possible against the convention. Doubt therefore, is no longer possible." Loan Taoktos has presented to the nation his, fine tempera picture, by Carlo Ctivslli, nv.iltlj /i *' Tit* A virertiiataf l/en if mi ,.a» art awst entitled "The Annunciation," signed and dated 1181. Ttils wotk, which Is well- known to amateurs, foims a desirable addition to the National Gallery, and mill be exhibited to the public on toe r-openlng on the 1st prox. it represents one or these architectural oompo bieh all are fiunlUar in Urivalll'e si (inns with pictures. The Virgin kneels tn au oratory, through the window of which s ray of light readies lw. Without le the Arch angel, and by hit aids St. EmUlus, patron eaiot of Aeooli, is seen kneeling and holding a model ol tbe city In his hand. Beneath the picture are three shields of arms, thorn of Frpe Innocent the Ktgbtb, the city of Aaooll, and of Bich«p Ceffarelli, and tbe 1 ascription Librrla* cedmtnUct. The work bss sn almost con-dete history. It la mentioned la tbe OeirfadSi'Asrefi In Its original position; mora recently it was in Mr. Bolly's cotteottaa. next in that of Mr. Labonobere, from which ft came * few years since to toe hsods of Lord Taunton. Not long before the National Gal lery was closed for the recess, a portrait, by Audita da Sularlo, tu added to the cot Lctlon. "1st great harbour of Valetta," says tbe Malta Itwt, "bow preeeota a mignlflcent appceranor, from the prarooe of the floret chip* of Vloe-Ad tubal Smart'* fleet. Tbe Tttatls ire port are the Marlborough. 12V. flat* ship of tbe commander-in-chief; Berungn 78, bcariDg the flag of Bear-Admiral tt. R. Yel vtrtoo, C.B., aroond in oommaod; Qlbrmlfcar, 81; Heanee, 60; Orlando, 46; tbe two iron clad frigates, Royal Oak, 86, and Bealstance, 10; bfaglciennr, 16; Ohanticleer, 17; Uaeer, 11 ; Firefly, 6 ; and Psyche, 1, deapatch steamer. Tbe Be veil go arrfrtd on the 4th I ficm Tunla and Suta. and the Chanticleer also came Into this port this morning from i tbe coast of Barbery; tue Snailvh veud* which bad been lying.in the Bay of Tan It and the neighbouring tea porta hare been ordered to return to Malta. Her Hajeriy'a ahlp Mariboroogh trill proceed to Bngiaini. next week, to be pat oat of oommlssioa and paid off." Uxnxm whiph Kriro T-The 4*000* Jmmul telle the following:—•'On Saturday last, while a tiafn on tbe Old-road was Mopping at Oaj age-bridge for rrfre*hmeotsr-a pert? of blatant MTHdUnitea went throoah the cars altera 'straw.' Meeting an oldgentlenun, he was asked bis preferenoo for PrritdanL He named Lineoln. 'Hot,' said ha, 'IbareIIre S^SESn'0 A^ar%ATt|T& lowed, a ben one of them ooognwhtMhia upon the choice of hie ne«>hewth and said. 'Allow me to inquire nsder what general i they am making targets of tbeeueirasF Imagine their eorprias wheal tfaiTf manansweced, ' General BbbertE.) Tub Tribunal of Commerce, to Talis, has just given Judgment in • case of some im- , portsnoeto railway travellers, Acommwdd , trareUer brought an aoOonagalnst a tallway r, and laid bit damagee *t U0 franca, be sratalntd fa* mMbringabUto \ gmqeffib dday \Ksotl ^y' tha of a boiler. Tbe company pleaded that en accident to ibo vtearn-engine it aoaee -of/hrc* mtjem, and that fhey warn not liable. The Court decided that tbe company am i bound to nee machinery that will giro euro ; and tegular service. The judges, bewtrtr, reduced tbe damage* to 60 francs. Bosom at *aa Bam.-The amount of I stock tianefened at th* Beak of England in a year i* larger than snany may sappoae. A: return just Unto shorn Afejnliitt it , * —rssK- in 1861,8^800,716; ,3M,flB6;«K'io 1868, { "•""•flats Jridends of ! otJSSSSKb: 