THE GREAT RACE. Br Maui. I eery mncbqheatipiiif epy aoe hitherto, ranintheee rahanee cuiaooipcra in intend with Oat whieh wiil be decided on iTowYeaiV Day, It b hot in thehmnber of the ram* petitoo orthe amount of apOTilation it hta created that tka inleieet oenfaee. It a in the quality of the fcOnee lhat wiUootdeit it She opponcnte of handicape man nihehigh holiday.' Shegrauioe radioman, dwa*arko rapport •racing «ot for profit hot far We oftpott, and 'jb'IMr a)teBrai«' of flraWaeehoiaee, will raS^f theWplTrt .to ,%eb hjhrtt'.oohtent on; indeed «ffl bo »aalarti>na,imt «<f iri^fctmality. We that eaMw ^^dW ;Wffld>earaeeht>iae. , Wtfati^We. we hare but aremnsnt left to do battle against the champions of New South Wales. Hie exoitement which preceded the Oup meeting is wanting as the Champion draws nigh. Instead of thc various training grounds being crowdod with horsoa, daily sorntinised by the peering eyes of those interested in the issue of the raoe, horses now are few and far between. .. The great Tarragon has the park almost to himself t—true it is he makes his appearance at such unearthly tunes, before the, ghosts, if ghosts there are in this part of the worid, bare retired, that his desired priracy is not .likely to ho disturbed. Long before daylight he may. be seen entering the nan. 'gates opposite the GrammarSohool, making' his way down to the swamp, Johnny Higger-, son, tike a wizard aa h« is, gujdjng his stops. ■ long before the sun Jbas .riskn Tarragon is doing work, taking his gallops, or long Swing ing walks, from twelreTO fifteen miles 'St a time. And Thrregon is a beauty to lsok at; and no horse in thwpart of the world can 1 walk than Mr. Towns' hay. Tarragon looks fresh and well, in good con dition, too good in fact, and is reported to he short of work—too big. I beliere him to be as sound as a bell, and that, if required, he can strip a model of perfect condition on the 1st. I regret that a halo of suspicion surrounds this celebrated performer. There is no doubt of its being the case, and not only will the. horse's outward condition be closely scroti- > niscd, but every yard he moves in the raoe wjjl be noted, lliggcreon can plead n6 ereuie this time for bit favourite on the score of had. quarters or unsuitable training ground. Jfo horse engaged in the Champion can lookj better now than Tarragon, and those who know the animal, and are alive to his merits, would back him for every farthing they possess if they knew but one thing. Those suspicions may be unfounded. I hope they are. I merely etate that they do exist. _ Out of twenty-eight nominations for this rich stake, no lees than three are dead — aud such a trio,—Illumination, Druid, and Frolic. The absentees will be CerVus, Talleyrand, Husidora, The Hose, Poet, Oriflamme, Songster, Iamoer, Victoria, Miranda, Kero sene, and Commodore; leaving as'start ma — Tarragon, Ebot, Volunteer, Panic, Shepherdess, O.K., Cadland, Oqra (perhaps),' j the best of Fisher's, be ft Angler or the Lady Heron; Clove, Smuggler (perhaps), and Day I and Martin. Probably ten at the post, and that number may be curtailed ere the eventful day, for neither Cor* nor Smuggler hare arrived, and as I am writing before the night of general entry, I am somewhat in the j dark as to what number will pay up. It it not my intention at present to analyse the ! chances which the above lot may have,* beyond a few general remarks on their present fonn. Mr. Dcwling, of course, relies on the great ! Panic, who has been doing good work, and is in excellent trim. Mr. Tut has Volunteer and j the fillv Clove, but the latter has been short I of work for some rime, and it is doubtful if she can come round again in the time, eo that Mr. Tsit must probably rely on his game Volunteer, who will not disgrace his colours. His string are quartered at Flemington. O.K., by Figaro, stands at the Baceoourse Hotel, mid is under the care of Korah Bsale J i he is a magnificent hone, and will strip as well , aa any animal on the day. It is doubtful which will be the beat of Fisher's brsoe. Angler or lady Heron j meet likely the pair will go. win which can or couuol, u it may be. moor I have not yet seen, but am told be is wdk I doubt, however, if be can win such a raoe, with Tarragon and Panic against him. Then 8am Waldock has Cbdlana, who is a fine horse indeed, and can carry the weight, and has a good outside chanoe. I fancy, from present appearances, the rich stake lies entirely between Tarragon, Panic, and O.K. If Cfove could come round, the might cany Mr. Tail's colours to the fore, but bong stoppod in her work at so critical a rime must jeopardise her chance. I shall make it my especial business to note the doings and condition of all the csuididatea between now and your last appearance prior to the new year, and in a subsequent communi cation favour you with the result. But I cannot resist coming to the following conclu sion, knowing what Tarragon has dona, and Panic's running is the Cup:—Panic and Tarragon, both well, both run to win (and we knew one will do so), what's to beat them f Upon my word I ommot^ahjMW; aent find anything in As riapeof i capable of so doing. And what a grand right it would be, the pair coming home neck and neck from the d Wanes, with two such jockeys up aa Higgerson and Morrison! I most sis cereif bope, then, that these rsnsma are as unjust to Higgerson as they are unworthy of the man who is fortunate to possess such a hone as Tkrragon ; and that the great interest centered in the meeting of the pair may not be destnyed by one of them string it a fore gone conclusion. 