HW II, -J ? ,.- ?.',. THE HOPE i CONVOCATION. I .. When people mean to describe something which is less even than nothing they call it the shadow of a shade. If, then, the English Convocation be a shade, it has a shadow in the Irish Convocation. Most of our English readers must have been in blissful ignorance that there ever had been such a thing till informed by the Archbishop of Dublin and the Bishop of Killaloe in Monday's debate. It appears however, that there has been such a thing that it can be traced to the beginning of parliamentary Government in Ireland that from 1925 to III it was repeatedly summoned; and that it came to a sudden and lamentable end like ours, at the beginning of last century, blown out for a single puff of Royal displeasure. But the English Convocation-that is, the Convocations of Canterbury and New York has been permitted to rise from its grave ; so why not the Convocations of Armagh and Dublin? An occasion now offers itself, 'the English Convocation has been permitted to express its approbation of a change in the terms of Clerical Subscription, recommended by a Royal Commission, and now about to pass through Parliament. So it was asked on Monday that the Irish Convocation, after a trance of a century and a half, during which the two kingdoms haVcbecn united and the four Irish provinces have been rolled into two shall he roused from the sleep of ages, in order to show itself equally com- placent, even if it has to go to sleep again. In the Rejected Addresses the ghost of Boswell appears just to bow to the ghost of Johnson, and disappear and that is all that is insisted on for the Irish Convocation. All the enmity and caprice of the opposing powers are to be brave, not for any hope of really restoring Eurydice to the realms of day, but with the sober certainty of just seeing her and then resigning her immediately to Pluto and the fates. There is no formality of common life, no form of civil speech, not even card-drop ping, so utterly nothing as the ceremony for which it has been seriously demanded that a great number of dignitaries and other clergymen should beset emnly collected at Dublin or Armagh, and as solemnly dismissed. There is no pretence thatchers ter is questionable,orthatlrelandhasnotbeenduly represented in the commission which commended the change. Everything being done, and well done, as to the initiation, the method, and the result the legislative sanction being alone wanting, and the English Convocation having been permitted to chime in after its fashion, it is thought very hard that an Irish Convocation, which has not even been in the land of the living since 1711, should not be revived for the purpose of enjoying the like permission. Imaginary as the grievance is, the party aggrieved is still more imaginary, for it has yet to be created. We have heard of an Irish captain in a foreign service who was very unhappy because, being unmarried, he would leave no widow entitled to the pension earned by his services. He was making desperate attempts at' matrimony in order to create the possessor of a claim, though the lapse of it could not affect him personally. Such is the attempt made by a most sensible prelate, no doubt in kind compliance with local importunity. c-The whole matter is Parliamentary. The Subscriptions, Declarations, and Oaths treated of iuthisBill are all enjoined by Acts of Parliament, and could be enforced by no other power. They are all guarantees taken by the State from persons upon their admission to a state of legal privilege. Parliament, then, is only unmaking or, mending what itself has made, and what no other authority in the land could have made in a binding sense. Since the English Convocation, for reasons which must ever be inscrutable, and whjcll1 will sorely tax the sagacity of future statesmen, is permitted to sit and talk, it could hardly be denied the compliment of advancing in. this matter side by side with the Legislature. The compliment has been offered and accepted on both sides as a compliment, and with an equal reluctance to let the reconstruction of the Canons proceed further than just the two or three affected by the Bill before Parliament Though the Canons as a whole are as obsolete as Stonehenge, and as inapplicable to the present state of the English Church, neither Parliament nor Convocation has the least wish to bring them up to the present age, according to the intention of the age that made them. Clerical Subscription, however, is not obsolete, being in the nature of a legal security, i mind , guarded by all the jealousies that surround property and privilege. A little alteration was possible here, and certainly desirable ;. so 'Her Majesty and her Parliament have taken it in hand, and have some somewhat relaxed the rigour of the terms. Convocation, it was felt, might be allowed to do the same for the two or three Canons about the matter. Why not ? It was sitting, and could do no harm by simply endorsing an Act of Parliament. The part assigned to this venerable body is not, so very dignified, but the least dignified functions have sometimes excited a jealousy. The Irish Church Presents with much vehemence the English monopoly of spiritual complaisance. The Archbishop of Dublin leads the demand for a Convocation, whether to illustrate the independence of the Church, or the supremacy, of the State does, not plainly ay. The Bishop of Killaloe meets the dilemma. with national ingenuity. "Hereby, shall I know,'! he says. in reflect to his spiritual and temporal brothers, " that ye he true men and not spies." If they will deal with Ireland as they have dealt with England, and diable an Irish Convocation to sanction a Parliamentary enactment, then in both islands are synodical rights recognised, But if Ireland, is put out of the question altogether and made to bow to an Act of Parliament without synodal sanction, then the Convocations of York and Canterbury have been indulged in their ('innocent desire to play at deliberation over the measure." We must say there is something in this To meet in solemn state, to deliberate, and to re-enact, word for word, what has been fully enacted over the way by another body that does not I even invite concurrence, is, on the whole, a less dignified proceeding than to accept with silent submission anacceptablechangemadehy the "pppremeLegislatureinstatutes of its own making. But, imagine a Convocation of all Ireland at Dublin for this or any other purpose ! Indeed, it is much the same thing what purpose the Convocation had been assembled for, inasmuch as there is no subject, no person, or thing, that would not have been discovered long before there was the least prospect of a decision on the question before us. We are not to suppose that all the Bishops and a large delegation of dignitaries and other clergy would have gathered from 'all' Ireland,' got up Convocation law and usage, and arrayed themselves in the newest Convocation Vu'it,1,merely to echo with slavish fidelity the decision of the English Convocation, itself an echo of Parliament. That sort of thing may do in England, but never in Ireland. Were decision «w, silence to be the signal of dissolution, mi Irish Convocation would talk till Doomsday, and no doubt find something to talk about. The truth is, if Convocation is to he a reality, if it is to represent the Church, and if it is to have the confidence of the clergy, the laity, and the public at large, it must be made the Convocation, not of one Province, but of all England has trenails But we must candidly say that' we see no c.'."Uicc of its ever being anything but a debating society of a not very respectable or perfectly harmless character. To the religious mind of the country Convocation is a loss unfavourable representation of the Church. AN ordinary Christian reader might as well study the Reports of the Metropolitan Board of, Works for, something bearing 011 the good of his soul and Iris spritualprospccts as the debates of Convocation 1 No one would imagine it to he held in the midst of three millions of people, of whom at least one million live pretty much loss the Church had never come to this isle, and can say, with some degree of truth, that the Church has never come to them,' and is never likely to come. There is enough to be done in all conscience, but Convocation is only, intent how not to do it. We can see in it nothing iMltone of those specious and illusory occupations Which. seem to keep up the name and the business of religion, all the time that they have no more to/ do with its essence and truth than church goring and church decoration. Not. but that Alfred is very often a much more tender and loving sentiment in these humble services than in the jfcjihpouB harangues, miserable wrangles, and dismal old grievance mongering that fill the time of Convocation, and which somehow seem to be thought very suitable occupation for the pillars of the English Church-rates. ,. BEEF TEA ON Dr. LIBWG'S PRINCIPLE - aft When lb. of lean beef, dee from fat, and separated from the cones in the finely-chopped state in which it is used for mince-meat or beef sausages, is uniformly mixed with its own weight of cold water, slowly heated till boiling, and; the liquid, after boiling briskly for a minute or two, is strained through the town from the coagulated albumen and the fî! rite, now, become hard and horny, we obtain an OPal weight of the most aromatic tone, of such Strength a) Cannot he obtained even by b thing for home from a piece of flesh. When mixed with salt and the other additions by which toup severally sJeaioned, and tinged somewhat darker by means of roasted onions or burnt bread, it forms the very best soup which can in any way be prepared from lib. of flesh." 