. . DREAMLAND. Tha Literatare and Curiosities. A Common p'nced Book of Speculations concerning thc Mystery of Dreams and Visions, Records of curious and wel'-authenticated Dreatns; and Notes on the Various Modos of Inter- pretation adopted in Ancient- and Modern Times." By Frank Seafield, M.A. 2 vols. Chapman and Hall. There is a medley of matter in these two volumes which requires putting into shape. He has a good deal to say, but does not a'ways know how to say it. As a collector of facts Mr. Seafield deservesour hearty commendation. He has well nigh exhausted the literature of dreams, and devot s eight pages tb a list of authorities he quotes, which include Aristotle and Ashampsychus, Dr. Watts and Mrs. Sigourney. Scarcely any statement toiching npon dreams appears to have escaped him. He relates the most recent newspaper anecdotes and latest fae's inserted in " Note3 and Queries." Yet we have noted ono remarkable onvssion. In tho : chapter on the " Physiology and Pathology of Dreaming," Mr. Seafield gives an account of some experiments made by M. Maury, but ho makes no allusion:to that gentleman's va'uable work, " Le Sommeil et les Reves," from which much curious information might have been gathered. M. Maury is a man of science He liss collected fae's in order to form from them a consistent theory of dreams, arid his psy- chological researches thow at least an honest endeavour to .elucidate this difficult subject. Mr. Seafield - hopes that some little praise may be conceded to him for not affecting origt-' nality, or occupying space " with lengthy and neutral-tinted articulations." Having already praised Mr. Seafield as a fact collector, we are quite ready to award him' additional thanks for giving us so little original matter. The truth is that what he has given is not of a quality to make us wish for more. English composition is often execrable enough in the present day, but Mr. Seafield. shows more than ordinary ability in tho art of maltreating his mother tongue. 'Ho is ambitious, and iii his attempts at "fine writing,' fuilB egregiously. , Hero is b specimen from the opening page : Everyone, from Adam to Campbell's LtBt lian, with Cowper's Alexander Selkirk for a middle term-Timen of Atliens only oxeopted,.nnd ho questionably-rather than be alone'in a depopulated world, would endure to live in a society to which he was bound on'y by tho ties of a universal antipathy. ' Even on the amiable hypo- thesis that man is a heist of prey, it I'B evident that it is necessary for him to be within roaih'of his quarry ; that he mast be gregarious, if only in.fulfilment of his tendencies to pro.luoity. Suoh a supposition onab'es us to state, the ea-oin the strongest possible manner,.for it'aBOoial attraction oien of antagonism bo admitted, there is no difficulty in esirrbllsbing an a fortiori argu- ment whenever tho attraction of cohesion is agita'od whenever, that ie, regard is had to mau from tho brighter and'softer side of his obaraotor and dispo- sition. ' '. ,_...,.." A few lilies further on we read tho'followin'g : Knob min Li out off from bia kind, while still in their midst, aa ship is severed from ship' in mid-ocean ; 'or aa an insular star that across Mo unphenommal wastes of aplico remote))- twinkle- to ila fellows. And ai the o .hs of beavan gravitate- In their motions towards tho central and dominant lord of lliolr ivs'om, so does man gravi tate, not only lo»ards something of kin lo himself or greater thou himself, but"tow«rds 'somotliing wliiih 'á infinitely inclusivo of himself and all his peers. Tlieri is thin iu man an attraction to (ho mysterious and comprehensive wb¡ob could not bo'aaiisfied OTOH if, in the fruition of a sublime incontinence, ho throbbed ni th every heart, swellod with every wave, or shared tko tiny pu'sationB of every leaf. Writing.of Ancient:TJÍi^UóaV^áe^mtl^ If a oojp of oonseoratsd ohloksn«, mirlyrs to'th's pin or to nfurnlgla, «ere off their feed,, it was divinely inti- mated that tiro impitient fl eli were to ride an inactive harden os the weighted tide, or that the swords «nd spurs of serried thousands were to rest upon the tented field inglorious-nnd unstained.-lf »-oity were ea^nlpbed in th* undhtended maw of an earthquake, or the life or a d'striot consigned to seething pétrification hy the hide us mia and combustion of "völannlo" lavo ¡ if through the opened ossements; of;Superno strange fires, jlathel ai lightninz.ovei: haifa cowering .world ; or if Clouds of nighs mntutlly defiant ora<h'ed asd bellowed forth a thundering remonstrance, it ¡was divinely, in- sinuated th it it woiilil be'prnlent for;, same snivelling goatheidand whimpering shepherdess to forego the day that should give them the right of tending, without scandal, their svroury pattie in common. . ., i It is pleasant to turn from this terrible grand- iloquence to the records of dreams/ahd the many curious anecdotes collected . in ' these volumes. ¡Wo do not care to discuss ia Mr. Seifield's cim pany tho psyclíólojy of dreaming, nor the argu^ meats for immortality which haye been deduced from dreams; nor the methods" pf dream inter- pretation. Ou.these an 1 kindred Bulyee 8 tito author has apparently no deua te opinions of his own, and fa'ls báck upon a long'array of authori- ties. ,-The views thus advanced are by no me .ns devo'd of interest,,, but tho general reider wi 11 care little for the philosophy of. the subject, as exhibited in this fragmentary- fashion. From the abatements carefully collected by Mri Seafield he may, if be pleases, endeavour'to form à dream-theory of his own. It is próbablo that ;this theory/will be dependent on individual tem- perament. What to one man may appear a ¡spiritual -interposition- may , be regarded' by 'another as the result of indigestion./, i .Wedo not [refernow to dreams and visions like those.re- corded in tho Bible, the truth of which w s probably,, in.some. manner unknown to us, veri l-fied to'the sleeper, but to tho ordinary .dreams ho'f which ordinary people,are,the subjects.' Yet even with regard to'these, there is much that may well excite wonder and perplexity. Dre ¡ms have aroused men to actions which h tye ended - in their destruction ; they have brought toge her lost friends ; they have saved the innocent from buffering for tho guil y ; they have been-the 'means of detecting robberies and-of "preserving life from fire'; they kave foretold; 'or seemed to ; foretell, the death of beloved relatives,, of. wives < and husbands, of parents and children ; they haye incited in some instances . to gallant ; enterprises, and .in : other ,in3'ances Lave ¡produced hopelessness and despair. Dreams :have sometimes led to discoveries, and" have sometimes proved the, turning-point. of a man's ! destiny. Poems have been dreamt, end the instance of Coleridge's " KublajKhan" will.at : once recur to the memory; pictures too .have been conceived in sleep and execuiedria waking hours, witness Piranesi's " Dreams,''.' '[ Galen ' affirms that much of his knowledge was cquired from the light received in dreams^ and Hermas wrote his " Pastor" to the dicta'ion of a voice heard in sleep." All the e and many more, dream wondersj we, are bound -to; credit,; account for ; th^m how we may. In.somó instances the sblu tion is: not far to, seek; in other cases no satis- factory exp anat'on can be offered. _t>. The cause of the/dream is frequency dis-, covered by. the dreamer, .as in ; tho following instance : .-. A lady bf highly sensilivc temperament'with great susceptibility óf b'jth mind and boiy . . . hal, on ne occasion, a mo>t painful dream. She felt greatly distressed' because there was a limit extraordinary epidemic.in the town, which curiously attacked the . anffVrors on tho biidgo.of tho nose, and soon des'rayed that important feitnre'. The agony sho endured from seeing so many nosele?s persons Bfiectod her grout ly, and from her extreme sympathy at stich" o' melancholy oceuranco she awoke. Hut for some time she could not ; disabuse her mind as the reality of her painful vision ; as she gradually gained more complote consciousness) she ascertained that her own hind rested on her nose, : and had affected, temporarily, the circulation, occasion- ing ber much pain in the nasal organ. This ciroum s anco bad evidently been the predisposing cause of the dream. Dreams are aften caused by disease, and ure sometimes premonitory of its fatal .termination. M. Tes e, Minister of Justice, dreamed that bc had suffered from apoplexy, and died of the disease three days afterwards. Fepys tells a story of the wife of a friend of his who " dreamed ot her uncle Scobell, and did feretell, from some discourse she had with him, that she should die four days thence, and not sooner, and all along say so, and did so.'' Bishop Burnet Ins a similar tale of Lady Warre's chaplain : The chaplain bad dreamt thst such a day he should die, but being by all the family put out of the belief o' it, he had almost fcrgot it. till the evening before, nt supper, thens being thirteen at table, according to a fond conceit that ono of these mutt sojn die, one ol the young ladies pointed to him th*t be was to die. He, rcmombering bis dream, fell into some disorder, and the La ty Warre reproving him for his superstition, ho said ho was confident bo was to die before morning ; but bc beirg in perfeo', health it was not muoh minced, It was S » tur Jay nijtht, and ho wes to preach the next day. Ho went to his rb amber and sat np late, as appeared by tho burning of his oiudle, and be bsd been preparing bis notes for. his sermon ; but he was found doad in his bed tba next morning. One of tho most curious and well authentica- ted cases of this kind is that of Lord Lyttelton, who died in 1779. It is too well known to repeat at length, but tho reader will remember how in his sleep n bird appeared to.him, which ; suddenly changed into the form of a woman, and bade him prepare for death, as ho would die in three days. On the morning of the third day ho told some friends that he felt very well, and : believed that ho shou'd bilk the ghost. Some honre afterwards ho went with thom to 1'itt olace, at Epsom, withdrew to his chamber soon-after eleven o'clock at night, talked cheerfully to his servant, and particularly inquired of him ' what care hud boon taken to provide good rolls for bis breakfast the next, morning, steppe! into bed with his waistcoat,on, and as : his servant was pulling it off, put his han J to bis side, : sank back, and immediato'y expired without a' groan. There aro also dreams in which the.monition comes to a relativo or friend, and not to a person whose death is foretold.; Mrs. Crowe relates some dreams of this class, and among otlitrs the following : i Miss Ii-, residing at Dalkeith, dreamt that her I brother, who was ill, callad bor to his bedside, and gave ber a lotter, which ho desired her to carry to their nuat, ;Mrs. H :-, with a reqnest that sho would deliver it to. John (John was another brother, who had died previ- ously, nnd Mrs. H-was at that time ill.) He added that he himself was going, there also, but that Mrs. H- would bo there before him. ? Accordingly Mles Ii - went in har dream with the lettor to Mrs. H-'-, whom sho lound drtBHed in white, and looking quit« radiant and happy. She took tho loiter, and said fha was going there direolly, an 1 would deliver it, On tho following morning Miss JU-learnt that her aunt iud died ¡ri the night. Tho brothor died some little timo nftcrwards. . Thero is another and probably moro familiar story, for tho accuracy of which Dr. Abercrom- by! vouches : - ' " Two ladies, Bisters, had been for several days in at-, tondanoe on their brothor, who was ill of a common sore throat, severe and protracted, but not considered . i sttondod with danger. . At tho, sams timo ono of them hod birrowed a watch from a ferajlo friend, in oinsequcnce of her own being under repair, This watch .WM «ne lo which particuhr T»lue wes stitched ort . aaoonnt of some family associations, ani rome' anxiety waa eiprewed that it might «ot meet with any injury. The alsters were sleeping together in a room oommuni eating with that of their brother, when the elder af ' them awoke in a a<ate of great agitation, and having roused the other, told her that she had had a frightful droim. " I dreameJ," she said, "that Marj's watch at'pped. and thit when I told you of the circumstance, you replied much worse than that has happened, for -'s breath ha» stopp d'ahn," naming her brother .who wa» ill. To qu:et nor agitation'tho"joungfr' sister [immediitely got up and' found the brother sleeping quietly, and tha watch, whioh had been carefully put jby in a drawer, going correctly. The folio'ing night ¡the very'earoo dreim ocoarrerl, followed by a. similar agitation,,which was again composed in ihe lame man- ner, the brother being ag*in found in a qaiet sleep, and the watch going well. Un the following morning, soon after the family hid breakfasted, one of tbe Bisters tras silting by her bro) her, while the other waa writing a note in the adjoining room. When her note was ready for being sealed »he WAS proceeding to takeout for this purpose the watch alluded,to, " which hud been put by 'in ber writing-desk ; she'«was astonished to find it had atoppod At the the s rae instant sba heard a scream of intense distress from ber Bister in the other roam; their brother, who had still been censiderod'BB going on favourably, had been seized with a sadden fit of suffo- cation, and bad just breathed bis last. > Lord Stanhope re'atos a similar instanco : Ano-her very remarkable dream waa 'hit of the wife of Earl Har curt, tho immediate predecessor of the last. She was then Lady Nnnebam, and on a visit to his father's. She menti mei ti her husband, when they met at the breakfast table, that she was very unhappy, from having had a horrid dream, and earnestly wished to relate it Be laughed at her, and d-clined it ; when, the converast!on waa interrupted by tha father, and tho san and daughter-in-law did not see each other till dinnertime. They waited some time, and Lord Har- court, who was-'always very punotual, did not appear. His son expressed some Mirprise and asked, one ef tho servants if he knew where ha was ? Upon whioh La1y Nunatum exclaimed, "Look in tho well," ind fainted awiy. Lord Harcourt was found in the well, with bis dog lying at hit feet, as she bad seen ia her dream ; and it waa supposed that in endeavouring to save the life of his dog he had lost his own. It Í3 9atUfactory to kno v that these dreams have freemen ly no fulfilment. Indeed, there are few of us who have not dreamt dreams pre- saging the death of dear friends, and found them, happily, but idle predictions. Perhaps the most remarkable dreams " ¿re those which have led to the discovery of crime. '* Murder will out,"; s.ys the proverb,,and. many, a time the dead of tho .murderer has been betrayed in. sleep. . One instance must suffice. . It occurred in Jamaïcain 1815 : . , A yoang^and beautiful Quajroon^ gfrljvis. foind raarJerod ina rotiredspit a rev pases" from the main road; From the' evidence (riven on.the coroner's inquest it was satisfactorily established that sha had been violated prev;otis to the -murder.-. A large reward was offered for any information that would lead to the ap- prehensionbf tho murderer ; but nearly a year elapsed with-iut any .clue being obtained. It happened that about this period from tho discovtry of the murder two bl 10k mon, named Tendril and Cbitty, were confined for sepárate petty offence*, ono ia the Kingston penit- entiary on tho sou^b, the otb >r in Fa'mouth gaol ou tho north aide of the island. Tneir imprisonment was un- known to e-ich other, and the distunes bstween- theic ploees of incarceration was eighty railes. Each of these men became restless and ta. katiye in bis sleep, especially expostulating as if in the presence of tho murdered girl, and eat rei ing her to leavo him. Tn i s happened to repeatedly that it led to inquiries which terminatoi in the conviction of the two men, . ; . ' Mr J Seafield's volumes - or, at le st, that por- tion of them devoted to che record of remarkable dreams-a'ill provo very attractive to those in- terested in the subject.. Many curious questions are suggested by tho facts here collected - ques- tions which have taxed the human, intellect in all ngCB,ar.d will perhaps never bo solved. " The brother of death," said Sir Thomas Browne, " extracteth a third part of our lives ;" but with regard to this third part of existence our ignor« ance is still profound. Sleep is as mysterious to us as life. This border, land between earth nnd heaven possesses a wonderful fascinating. We woti'.d fain rifle its secrets and study its phenomena: bnt as we enter it at night so we return from ii in tho morning -conscious only of our unconsciousness, knowing nothing but our igaorance -Daily News. 