LOCAL COURT—KAPUNDA. Fbiday, December 1, 1865. fBefore W. Oldham. Esq., J.P.I Edwin Arundd was charged, on the information of Archibald Hinchey, with stealing a purse, con taining about 35/, from the person of informant. After hearing the evidence the prisoner was committed for trial to the Local Court of Full Jurisdiction. Saturday, December 2. Michael Curtain was charged, on the informa tion of Corporal O'Brien, with drunkenness. Being the third offence within one month, a fine of 10/ was inflicted. Monday, December 4. fBefore J. S. Browne, Esq., S.&f.;, and H. (x. Kelly, Esq., J.; His Worship the Mayor and W, Lewis, Esq., J.P., were on the Bench for a short time in the forenoon.] Police Cases. John Calton was fined 5/ for drunkenness. John McGregor pleaded guilty to a charge of drunkenness and disorderly conduct^ and was fined 10/. Thomos Lennox and John Nicol were charged with drunkenness and riotous conduct. John Penglaise examined: By the Court—Shortly before twelve o'clock on the previous evening the prisoners knocked him up, and wanted to get into his place; told them to be off, but they tried to push open both the door and window; they then said they wanted Mr Richards^ told them he lived next door, when they went off, and witness returned to bed, but was shorly afterwards aroused by hearing a great disturbance at Mr Eichards's, and on going out saw Lennox struggling with Richards. Each of the prisoners were fined 20/, and 10/ costs. Thesame parties were then charged with un lawfully breaking into the house of and assault ing Mr J. M. Richards. Mr. J. M. HichaTda examined : By the Court—Between half-past eleven and twelve on the previous night was aroused by his daughters calling out that two men had broken into the house; went out and saw the two men who had burst open the door, which had been bolted but not locked; asked the prisoners what they wanted, and told them to go out, but they [ would not, so witness went into his bedroom i and fetched out an unloaded gun, saying he would make them go; Lennox then sprung and caught hold of the barrel of the gun, and a struggle ensued, in the course of which witness's shirt was torn to pieces. He would further state that his wife was in a very precarious state of health, and he feared the results of the fright sustained would prove serious. Lennox made a statement to the effect that j he had formerly known Miss BichardS, and just called in to see her. The prisoners were fined £5 each, and 10/ each oosts. ' Application. Williams v. Kelly. This was an application by the defendant to have the bill of coats reviewed, with a view to the disallowance of witness's expenses. Mr Benham, for plaintiff, showed that it was quite necessary that the witness in question k xjur 5aT? be,e? present at the trial, although he (Mr Benham) had not deemed it needful to examine him. Application disallowed. Mr. Benham applied for counsel's fees, as he had been compelled to attend several times in the matter. The Court declined to grant this request. [During the hearing of this and Mr. Kelly's subsequent case, that gentleman left the Bench.] Defended Causes. # Khctslbh v. Manning. Claim for £8 2s. 2d, with 8s. interest added. appeared for defendant, stated that his client admitted the original debt, but denied the interest, and was 'willing to pay the admitted debt by weekly instalments of 10/. The plaintiff having agreed to waive his claim and to accept the offer of defendant, Tpe Court made an order for the payment, by weekly instalments of 10/. Wilson t. Tbevena. . This was an action for £10 4s. 2d. being the half-value of a division line of fence. , HP BeJ-^Mge (for Mr Palmer) appeared on be ^ ofplaiutiff; Mr Hudall for defendant. Mr. Wilson examined: By Mr Bettridge—Was the plaintiff in this actioi^ and owner of Section 120, Boss's Creek, defendant being owner of the adjoining Section, j ' Ms , ec'e^ a **ne fence on the boun dary line between the two fencs about six years ago; gave defendant notice of his intention to do so a month previous thereto, and he said he should not fence for another twelvemonths to come, and witness then asked defendant to re move the bush fence from the line, to which he replied that he had not time to do so, but that witness might have it for removing it; witness accordingly removed it, and erected the whole of the line of fence, and after its completion de manded half the cost from defendant, who said he would not pay until he had fenced his section all round ; defendant had since fenced it sub stantially all round with posts and wires, with the exception of a small piece where there was a substantial bush fence. Had lately served a notice on the defendant that he should have the fence valued for the purpose of claiming half its present value, and subsequently showed Trevena the valuation account, when he claimed £20 as the value of the bush fence which witness had removed, and refused to pay the account. There were107 pasts and three wires in the fence for which he claimed. By Mr Budall— Defendant's section joined witnesss on the south; the brushwood fence ™ on the boundary line, as also was the present feigpe; the conversation respecting the bush fence took place in defendant's house and nobody besides themselves was present. Sold the bush fence for firewood, of which there were about seven loads. Did not use any of it in the present fence. His son wrote out the notices served on the defendant. First asked for a settlement for j ^®nce ahout a month after it was put up, I and then defendant said he was going to fence his section in twelvemonths, and would not pay i for it until that time; payment for the bush I fence was never mentioned until the last time I witness asked for the money for the new fence. Defendant's section was securely fenced all round i There were 214 posts in the division fence, they were worth 65/ per 100, and putting in the wire was worth 24/. James Wilson examined r By Mr Bettridge—Was plaintiff's son. Had servea a notice on defendant relative to the fence, but had not brought a copy of it with him. In the absence of the copy of notice, Mr «n2£e c^ed defendant to prove its service. Mr Trevena examined: By Mr Bettridge—About July last the last witness served him with a piece of paper, which witness tore up, after vainly trying to read, as it was written so badly; no conversation took place at the time. Rudall—Occupied Section 121,Ross's Creek, plaintiff owning the adjoining one; about five years ago plaintiff came to his place when he and his man were fencing, and asked if wit ness was going to put up any other fence on the creek, told him that the brush fence which was there would answer his purpose. He then asked if witness would give him tbe whole line ot bush fence if he would put up a good fence in its place, to which he consented. Wilson said he would use a portion of the old fence in fenc ing in a paddock for his horse, Menhennett was present at tbe conversation. They went in to dinner, and after that was over, he said he should take up the bush fence and put up a rail and wire fence. A portion of the bush fence was four feet on witness's land. Some time after went to the section (he did not live there) again, and saw the bush fence was removed and a wire fence partly erected. After the work was done, plaintiff asked him for half the cost: told him no, it had been settled according to agreement. About 50/ per 100 was a fair price for posts on the ground; did not think there would be more than three and a half hundred weight of wire in the fence. Wm. Bond examined: By Mr Betteridge—Lived at Taylor's Flag staff, and was a farmer. Knew the fence in question, valued the posts on the ground at 60/ per 100, and about 1/ per post for putting up and boring; there would be nine cwt. of wire— one cwt. was allowed for every three chains of wire, allowing for breakages. According to the Government pegs the fence was on the boundary line. • ! By Mr Rudall—Valued the fence in July last; ! the fence was in good repair; 1/ per post in- j eluded all the labour of putting up. | Thomas Badge examined: By Mr Bettridge—Was a farmer and black smith, and formerly lived at Boss's Creek; re membered the erection of a fence by plaintiff, the value of the wood constituting the so-called brush fence was about 50/ on the ground. James PaBcoe examined: By Mr Bettridge—Was a farmer at Boss's Creek; the section adjoining both of the sec tions in question was his; remembered the bush fence in question, he walked his horses over it; the value of that fence was about 50/. By Mr Rudall—The fence was no hindrance to cattle. Mr Menhennett examined : By Mr Rudall—About four years back was working for defendant; remembered the con versation relative to the fence between plaintiff and defendant; plaintiff said he would put up a wire fence for the bush fence; the bush fence i consisted of props, spars, and logs. Elizabeth Tr-ayeua waa examined and corro bora*ed the defendant's statement as to the offer of plaintiff to put up the wire fence for the bush one. Matilda Travena was examined, and alao con firmed defendant's evidence, adding that thej had not bad a family council about the matter, each spoke as they remembered. William Trevena examined: By Mr Budall—Remembered Wilson taking away the bush fence, in which there were about twenty loads, which was then worth about £20, it would be worth more now. It was a good fence. j By Mr Bettridge—The conversation took place about fire years ago; had not made any arrangements as to what he was to say. Mr Budall addressed the Court on behalf of the defendant, and was followed by Mr Bet tridge for the plaintiff, who stated that he was willing to reduce th price of the posts to 50/ per 100. Verdict for plaintiff for £5. Hayes t. Cubtis. Claim for £5, for unlawful detention of some turkeys. Verdict for 16/. Emslie t. Treloar. Claim for £9 19s. lid. Mr Bettridge (for Mr Palmer) for plaintiff; Mr Budall for de fendant. Elspeth Emslie examinied: By Mr Bettridge—Was plaintiff's wife; kept a public-house in Kapunda, in 1863, daring that time Treloar came often to the house and had his meals, but did not pay for them, his horses were also fed at their stables. On leaving gave him his account, for which he gave an LO.U. By Mr Budall—Mr Treloar signed his name to the LO.U, which was given for refreshments, meals, &c.; Some of the account was for grog; the defendant was satisfied with the account at the time. Mr Budall applied for a nonsuit ou the ground that the Licensed Victuallers' Act was a bar to the action, but the Bench overruled the objec tion. Bennett Treloar examined: By Mr Budall—Had lived at Allen's Creek for twelve years; had no recollection of ever giving M|» Emslie an X.O.U.; did not sign the one produced, always signed with across; might have had a meal occasionally at Etnslie's, but if so paid at the time, and did not owe for any grog. . ,. By Mr Bettridge—Could not write hia name; had never signed the document produced; had once seen Mrs Emslie, when she asked him for some money, but he said he did not owe any. Iu the absence of Mr Emslie the case was ad journed for a week, Palmer v. Batten. Action for £6 16/6 for work done, &c.; Mr Hosiet appeared for defendant on behalf of Mr Monlden. A great deal of evidence was taken in this case, which had no bearing on the merits of the cade, which appear to be simply these. Mrs Batten had in view the articling of her son, Mr Hosier, to Mr Palmer, who at first it was alleged said he would take him without a premium, but afterwards required a premium of 200 guineas. This Mrs Batten agreed to give—and enquiring whether there would be any further expense, was told there would be the coBt of drawing the articles, &s;» This she objected to, thinking the premium quite suffi cient outlay; and Mr Palmer to meet her views consented not to make any charge for them. Subsequently, HoBier thought he had a right to a salary from the time he entered the office, and that not being allowed, he left the office, and the engagements were never carried out. Mr Hosier alleged that the articles had been engrossed after he had quite left the office, and defendan t pleaded that Mr Palmer had no right to sue for the amount which was for drafting and engrossing articles, inasmuch aa he pro mised to do them for nothing. Mr Bettridge, for Mr Palmer, said that had the agreement been carried out, Mr Palmer would not have charged, as the articles would have been for the mutual benefit of himself and pupil; but argued that it could not be expected the work would be- done for nothing,, as it had been rendered of no avail. The Court considered the case one which should have been taken before the Taxing Master of the Supreme Courtand as the de fendant bad not taken that course, they should give judgment for the amount claimed. ! A. Jaffray .and others v. Palmes. Claim for £& 16s. 6d„ Settled out of Court. Magisterial. Kelly v. Gearen. Information under Police Act. Mr. Benham for defendant. H. G. Kelly examined: On the 14th November was riding horne^ and about midway between Kapunda and Hamilton was passed by a spring cart which defendant was driving ; two men and a woman were in it; ■ one of them shouted out, 'Who shot the dog?' | on coming up to the cart send it was improper I to use such expressions to a man who was going on peaceably, when defendant said, 'Youdid shoot the dog, and if you say you didn't you are a liar,' and called him a d d hypocrite, and doubled up his whip; those words were cal culated to provoke a breach of the peace. By Mr Benham—First saw the defendant on the road to Hamilton, near Allen's Creek—it was not near Hamilton; defendant overtook witness; had not previously seen him; when defendant was going past was just riding on; did not go up the wrong side of the cart and touch one of the men with a whip; one of the men—the defe ad ant—shouted at him whether he 'shot the dog; he did not at that time make use of his name' but looked at him when he spoke; after they had driven about a mile they slackened their pace, and witness overtook them, and remarked on passing on the left hand side of the cart to the man at that Bide that tbey ought to let a man pass peaceably along the road; he had a right to go on either side of the cart, to which he said that he did not call out; had a whip in his hand; did not speak to the defendant at all, but he used the language complained of; did not ask the defendant if he knew that he was a magis trate. Thomas Quicn examined: By Mr Benbam—Remember riding home with defendant on the 14th November; saw Mr Kelly a little the other side of Mr Duell's first, next saw him near Mr Dwyer'e, near Allen's Creek; when Mr Kelly was passing Gear en i said to him, (Tom, who shot the dog ?' when Mr Kelly came up he touched witness on the shoulder with his whip to draw his attention, and asked if he had offended them, as if not they had no right to insalt him; witness said he had not said anything, but defendant said he had asked, ' Who shot the dog,' and asked Mr Kellly if he had not shot the dog and been fined, and on his saying he had not, defendant called him a liar—when Mr Kelly told him he could be fined for that. Denis Gearen made a statement to the effect that on Mr Kelly passing he asked his friend who shot the dog, when Mr Kelly came up to the cart, and he told Mr Kelly that he was the man who said it, and if he said he had not done so he told him he was a liar. The Court considered the insinuation * Who shot the dog' insulting, and fined defendant £2, or one month in gaol. Manuel v. Barry. Mr Bettridge for plaintiff; Mr Benham for de fendant. Mr. Manuel examined: Mr Bettridge, kept the Stockport Hotel, at Stockport; one the 21st November heard a noise in the bar, and went out and saw some men fighting; tried to put some of them out, wh.-n Barry caught hold of iiim by the beard and pulled him out. By Mr Benham—The house was full of people at the time; had one man on each hand at the time of the assault; there was a Bale at the house that day; no electioneering matter was going on; let go of the other parties, and collared defendant to see who it was that was assaulting him, and found it was Barry, who .was sober at the time; bad been Rood friends with Barry the last twelve months. Alexander Weir examined: "By Mr Bettridge—Bernembergd s row at Manuel's house on the 21 ft Novembet";' -Sir Manuel was tliere; saw bim turn some men outside, when Barry came up and" caught" him by the whiskers and pulled him oat. ' By Mr Benham—Was in Hie bar at the time ; [ there were a number of persons present j saw | that it was Bany who caught hold of. Manuel's j whiskers. Patrick Hill examined: By Mr Benham—Was at Manuel's on the 2lst November; did not call the affair a row; Mrs. Barry asked him to take Mr Barry away; told her he did not like to go, as tb< y would not hurt themselves; after Barry was turned out he separated the other meD, and took Barry home; did not see Bany do anything to ManueL Matt Conley examined. By Mr Benham—Was at Manuel's house on the 21st November; there were a number of people there; saw a quarrel there with two men ; saw Mr Manuel try to turn out some men j did not see Barry do anything to Manuel, Defendant was fined £&. Harris v. Dalt. Information under Police Act. Settled out of Court. Mellor v. Isaacs. Action under Masters' and Servants' Act. Mr Bettridge for plaintiff; Mr Benham for defendant. James Mellor examined: By Mr Bettridge—Was a machinist in Ka punda; defendant had worked for hfm about twelve months ; last paid him on the 24th No. . vember; he came to work next morning, and commenced work, and worked until breakfast time ; defendant came to him an (Tasked for a rise of wages; told bim ft was shabby to come and ask such a question just as he was puBhed with worK; it was usual to give a week's no tice, or a week's wages on the part of the mas ter ; defendant did not give any notice, and did. not come to work again; was much put about by defendant's leaving, as it was a busy time, otherwise he should not have brought it into Court. By Mr Benham—Told defendant hs had. kept him all the slack time, and it was a mean ad vantage to ask him at the busy time to rise his wages, and declined; he did not say that if his wages were not risen he should go, but wit ness told him that if he did not like the wages he could go, and he said very well; it was his usual custom to give a week's notice to meu who were employed by the day. s By Mr Bettridge—Had uo idea he was going at once. Christopher Bennett examined: By Mr Bettridge—Was Mr Mellor's foreman; knew Isaacs; he had worked for Mr Mellor for twelvemonths; the custom of the trade was a week's notice on either side; defendant left on - Saturday week; the men were paid weekly. By Mr Benham—Had been out in the Colony nineteen years, and ten years a machinist; if a man was taken on for a particular period he needed no notice; if the day-work hand was * regular hand he got a week's notice; the man came to him at eight o'clock and gave up his ticket. Defendant made a statement to the effect that he asked for an advance of wases, when Mr Mellor told him if he did not like the wages hs could keep away from the place, and he replied very well, and went away. A penalty of £1 was ordered. Ghostly Music.—An absurd story comes from Munich about a ghostly ser vice, held in the Protestant Church one night. A t about eight o'clock in the even ing people collected about the doors of the closed edifice, attracted by the sound of singing. One enthusiastic auditor dis tinctly heard hymns, another could detect the sound of the organ, a third could see through the windows a ghost in shirt ■ sleeves Sitting about the nave. The gen* (Karmes came and broke into the church j there was nobody there, but the singing continued. The infatuated public hung^ about until twelve at night; they searched the chancel, the vestry, the organ-loft, peered underneath the communion-table, peeped inta the baptismal-font; but .neither populace, soldiers, gens d'armes, not Natchwacher could discover any ; thing. In the morning it was found out ' that a couple of lustv fellows had been : sitting in their Toom 'abutting one cud of the church, drinking beer and singing "jidele Meder" all night. By soma architectural or acoustical dispensation the sound had penetrated into the church; and the Munich public, not being: very mu sical, despite Wagner, took the "Jidele Lieder' for hymns!—Orchestra. 