Most poople, when they say they intend to ' givo'ariytljiiJg a fair trinl, mean it to bo uuderstood tLui tlieir faith iu tlio thing pro posed to be tried is of the Bmullcst, but ..that they will lukc it ou sufl'eruuco for a \- time, oven with^ume personal iuconve . ' nience, in order that it may not be asserted afterwards luut they neglected to take ad ... vantage of a good thing when one was pro . seated for their acceptance. We take it that such was the opinion generally onter ? taiued of tho Martin Ministry on their ac ceptance of office. The sudden and. uuex ' pooled revehuious of the state of our finnn ' cea -shook public faith, if not in the inte 1 grity, at least in the candour of the Oowpor adtninistratitm, and to save the country from being compelled to take back tho ser vants they had just disgraced, Mr. Martin courageously rushod into %i the imminent doadly. breech,' and took upon himself the difficult and dangerous tabk of forming a Ministry. The .circumstances were dis couraging 'ami ibe result problematic^; novdrtu^lesB, he succeoru'd, but it was only by surrounding 'himself with ' men' in whom the country had no confidence, and although promises (not very wurm ones) oi support wore freely giveu. little confidence was felt that the trial would be a successful oqe— an anticipation that has been fully realised. It was said that Mr. Martin was determined to form a Ministry at ati hazards to save tho country from the disgrace of being com pelled to depend upon one set of men, and he suoceednd in creating at least the send blance of a Government, which he contrived to hold together for fiftoen months, not from the excellence of its material, the ^agreement of: its parts, or the respect and 'confidence it inspired out of doors, but from ?the .force and energy of character inherent in its chief. No one, wo presume, will be found to dispute Mr. Martin's great abili ties, .but it is questionable whother his mental qualities are such as to fit him to direct the destinies ot a natjon in politics ; ho is rather an Uxbridge than a Wellington — ^a ddshing and fiery cavalry officer than d'eoul and dispassionate chief; but his selt reliance and determined will have enabled the small aud feeble force under his com mand to show something like a front to the enemy, which, without such a head, must have been shattered to pieces almost as soon as it was formed ; but from the first moment of its existence its destruction was only a question of time, and the untiring energy of Mr. Martin was. unable to defer any longer the dissolution which awaited it. The best that can be said of the Martin Ministry is that it has done nothing, which is taking a decidedly favourable view of its policy or the want of it, though under any circumstances, and particularly in a new country like our own, not to go for ward is to recede. We are now experienc ing in the fullest sense of the term the effect of the pernicious policy of doing no thing. The political crisis which has just terminated may bo said to have commenced in October, '1863, for every one felt the constantly expressed desire of giving a fair trial being itself an evidence of the fact that the expulsion of Mr. Cowper from office was only temporary, and would end sooner or later in his return to it with in creased power. The interval has not, how ever, been without its uses — it hns purified the political atmosphere, and has terminated in giving us a new Legislative Assembly, elected on no particular cry, and not bouud down by any special condition like tho one of 1800, which preceded it. Wo may say during the four years that have elapsed since then the progress of legislation has been slow. The last Parlia ment fulfilled its mission in passing the Free Selection Act — a measure whose in fluence upon the future well being of tho country we can as yet but faintly estimate — and then collapsed, the interval between the passing of the great measure and tho final dissolution of the body that gave it birth, being chiefly .. filled up with an oceau of objectless talk, which wo hope will not serve aaan example to its successor. Al most the only other measure of great public importance passed was the Act for the abo lition of State-aid, which threatens to be a bone of contention in the Parliament just assembled. There is another advantage possessed by tho present Assembly over the late one, which is that wo have got rid of a whole tribe of hungry expectauls, whose patriotism depended upon and was measured by what tho Government was expected to do for themselves, their families, and friends. With such men the first great duty of patriotism consists in living upon one's country, and it cannot bo denied that they nobly carried out their principles. As far as oan be judged, before the test of experience has been applied to its acts, the present Legislative Assembly appeurs to be more independently constituted than the oho which lately gave up the ghost, but very much greater things are expected of it by the country. True, there is no great measure like Free Selection to signalise its 3xistence, and upon which it may depend For its laiirels, but there is a multiplicity jf important business before it which will test its working powers to the utmost, and will amply fill up its time without its mem bers being driven to the painful alternative of drawing out the session by tho expedient before adopted of talking against time dur ing the greater part of it. Many of the topics, not merely alluded to, but discussed in the Governor's speech at the opening of the new Parliament, must form the basis of legislation during the present session ; perhaps the last words of the dying minis try were left as a legacy to tho country by which to measure the acts of their succes sore. It may bo questioned whether; tho programme so brilliautly sketched out was ever intended to be fulfilled ; that it never would be, as far as they were concerned, its authors were quite certain, for the end of heir official existence after its delivery was, as they well knew, to be measured almost by minutes ; but itmay serve as a textbook for them to dilate; upon from the obscurity of the opposition benches, and enable thorn to show what they would have done had thoy remained in office, but demonstrating ut the same lime how little they had actu ally performed while they were there. Wo accept the return of Mr. Cowper and his colleugues on entirely different condi tions to. those which accompauied the ac cession of the gentlemen who have just resignod. Nothing is either thought or spoken now of giving a fair trial to the new ministry because we know what are their principles, what their capacity for work, and wo expect that they will fulfill the public anticipations to the tittle. Mr. Cowpor's political fall, and the time ho has since 9pent in retirement wo apprehend have not been without their advantages to a mind so astute as his own ; and if the uses of adversity are not so sweet as the great dramatist would have us to belive. they at least afford food for refluctiou. which it is not likuly ho hnn thrown away. Towards iho'cnd'ol' the late administration, Mr. Cowper, with an apparently decisive ma jority to support him, showed an indepen dence of public opiniun rather surprising in one possessed of his great political ex perience. Not long after the passing of the Land Acts, a very general opinion pre vailed throughout the country, that the Assembly. which had been called together under peculiar and exceptional circum stances, having fulfilled those conditions, should have been dismissed and have made way for another lot of men with whom the recommendation to sit in Parliament would be something more than the resolution to say aye or no on one particular measure, the nature and tendency of whith perhaps a good many of them knew notling at all about. Secure in a majority which be deemed subservient to his policy, Mr. Cow per disregarded the voice of tha country, and not long afterwards saw tint majority on which ho depended for the prolongation of his power desert him at a moment's notice, and became the instrument of his destruction. We may be assure! that Mr-. Cowper's sagacity will preserve him front falling again into so fatal an eiror. The strongest parliamentary majority unsuppor ted by the voice of the people is, after all, but a feeble support to the pawer of a ministry. Mr. Cowper though; that he could dispute without the suppjrt of the people, and he fell a victim to hii mistake His successors founded their claims to po pular support on a set of exploded opinions held by only a small section of tlu commu nity, and, as a natural consequence, soon followed the way of all ministries who give up to a party what is meant for mankind. We now return to our old love aud place all our destinies in the bunds of a man from whom public confidence has been Dnly tem porarily estranged, never entirely removed. Perfections in politicians, like everything else in this subluuary sphere, is not to be obtained even if it were desirable, but it is our firm conviction that at the prssent time Mr. Cowper and the men with whom he is associated are the best fitted to hold the positions which they have just regained. Mr. Martin and his ministry accepted office at a time when the difficulties in their way were much less than they are now, and after a long period of probation ire unable to point to any practical resul: of their statesmanship, yet they would hive us be lieve that they had great things in atoro for us if they had been allowed u continue at thu head of affairs. But Mr. Martin himself admitted on the first night of the session that there was a want of power iu his Government which, whatever tnlents it might have possessed, must eventually have been fatal to it. He said that tlxs country wanted a strong Government, winch was a virtual admission that hiB own w»s a weak one and unsuitable to the circumstances of the country. We believe that wehave now what Mr. Martin asserted that we so much required, and assuredly, at this juncture, a strong Government is hu absolute neces sity, and the work to be done vail tax ifif its powers; but we ha?o the fulhst conn'-, dence in that just formed, and be lieve that it will fulfill all the expectations formed of it. 'Fie perioa that has elapsed since Mr. Cowper's resignation, and his beiug again cilled upon to take upon himself the responsibilities of office have shown pretty clearly there is no other statesman in the colony tlat so well understands what is necessary for its pros perity so well as himself. It is, therefore, with great satisfaction that we hiil the ad veni of Mr. Cowper and his colleagues to power. The lessons of the past vill not be lost upon him or upon any other party in the colony, and Mr. Martin, in accepting his ministerial defeat a week ago, declared his intentiou to give every assistance to iho Government which was about tc take the place of his owu. In a declaration so frank and so honourable we cau d:scern the oponiug of a new era iu ournaticnul policy — tin era which looks to principles and not to mere party or persanel considerations. We believe that the destinies of the couutry are now confided to hands thoroughly com petent to work- them out. We look with confidence to tho present ministry to extri cute us from our present difficulties, aud to start us afresh on that career of prosperity which various causes and most prominently unfortunate political changes have for some lime past tended to interrupt. An accident, which was nearly boii [» attended with fatal consequences, happened in K'ng-strcet, yesterday afternoon.' The ton of Mr. Hincbey, of Sydney, who u now in Newcastle as n delegate to the annual moveable committee of the Manchester Unity of the society of oddfellows, was yesterday riding in King-street when tie was thrown from his horse, and fell upon his head. He was picked up in a state of insensibility, and . then taken to Dr. Bowker's surgery, where his injuries were at once attended to. Dr. liuwker advised Lit removal to Sydney as soou as possible, aud he \v»a taken on board the Collaroy, which left for Sydney at six o'clock. The appearanco of the evening was bo threatening that be was carried on sbore again to the Ship Inn, where he now remains. If tulKci enily recovered he will be tcken home this morn ing. On account of the leiif th of the proceedings at the Domination tor alderman in the Court-house yesterday, ?nd the late hour at which they concluded, we aru com pelled to defer the report of them until our next issue. A correspondent at Minmi informs us that ibe sstsblisbment of a Druid Lodge at Raymond Ter race is contemplated ; and he takes the oppor tunity of forwarding us a letter be wrote on the matter to Mr. Joseph Wagdon, of Newcastle. Our correspondent lermu Mr. Wagdon ' Founder of the Druids in Australia,' and be, as b_e:ng himself a member of the Druid Lodge at Minmi, writes very warmly to Mr. Wagdon in praise of his good work in helping in tlio founding of hu many lodges. We can add a little to the letter omselvcs. It must be nearly twenty years, we think, since Mr. Wagdon left Maiilund to reside at Newcastle, and the columns of the Mercury have since that day frequently reported the founding of various lodges in diliererit towns, fistof Odd Fellows, and then of Druids, in which Mr. Wagdon, has taken a leading part. Doubtless others also Yave borne their ahDre in this good work. Sumo day perhaps the local history of. tbo progress of these various benefit so cieties (which in effect they all are) will be written, ind give tho dua meed of praise to the early pioneers,— jlfaiUttnd Mercury. ! 