GROWLER'S COMPLAINT.— No. 3. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. DEAR SIR, Since my last, we have had the election for a member for Hobarton to serve in the Upper House, which resulted after a hard fought, and (on their side) a costly battle, in the re-election of the honorable J. M. Wilson, a member of the present ministry. Although that honorable gentleman told the people at the Huon dinner, "that they all knew that great wealth had been employed to get him out of his position in the government (laughter,)" Mr. Wilson must have taken the people at the Huon for a lot of fools, perhaps because they live in the bush, but it appears from the report in the public journals, that the people could see through him, they knew that he was only poking fun at them, and that is why they laughed at him, He forgot to tell them of his friend the member maker, the man who has said, " that if he was to put a bullock up for Hobarton, he could make the people put him in ;" but no one with a claim to anything like foresight, could have expected the election to result otherwise than it did, knowing the fearful odds the contending candidate had to meet, yet, no doubt, the struggle has and will be of great advantage to the colony so long as the present ministry remain in office, or at least till they fall again into that lethargic sleep from which the late election startled them ; for like men half awake, rubbing their eyes to find out where they were, they did many strange things, one of which, and by no means the least, was to interfere with the labor market, forgetting that they and their predecessors in office had allowed nearly the whole of the useful labor to leave the colony, and what remained must be wanted for shearing, harvesting, and for the present public contractors ; yet in they went, and it will be long before they can clear themselves of its effects, and deliver themselves from the incubus which they then brought on. On the day of election their subordinates might be seen here and there fighting the battle of their right handed man ; they must have looked on the opposition in that contest, as the ghost of Tasmania's neglected interests, and with feelings somewhat akin to those which we must suppose Hamlet possessed when he looked upon his father's ghost, and put the question, " Do you not come your tardy son to chide, "That, lapsed in time and passion, lets go by " The important acting of your dread command ?" Speaking of the question reminds me of my promise to answer the question put in my last letter—that is—if no other person had done so. Now as I have not seen the question answered— unless the speeches of the Ministers together with that of the chairman at the dinner given to them at the Franklin, were intended for an answer. If so, I do not think them sufficient, and therefore feel myself bound to answer it. But, Sir, to do so in detail would require about five times the space of of your large and closely printed journal. I must in consequence satisfy myself by answering it in general terms reserving the right of giving it in detail from time to time. My answer is " They have done those things which they ought not to have done, and they have left undone those things which they ought to have done." Their sins of omission are more in number that their sins of commission. In the first place they have deceived the parliament and the people after all they had to say (previous to their taking office) about retrench- ment, economy, keeping the expenditure within the revenue, relieving the colony of some portion of its public debt, of the well devised scheme that was in their pockets, of their refusal to let other members steal away their brains and such like, it was expected that they would have met parliament, and through their mouthpiece have delivered themselves something after this fashion :— Mr. Speaker and gentlemen, having been sent for by his Excellency to form a ministry, we have been appointed and have accepted the high and responsible offices as Ministers of the Crown, and advisers of his Excellency, and we consider it our duty in the present state of the colony, with its decreasing revenue, its declining trade, with its decreasing population, its increasing debt, with its empty treasury, the amount of specie reducing in her banks, with her fishing interest declining, her ship-building almost blotted out, with its agriculture giving place to wool-growing, with itsl numerous tenantless farms and houses, her almost deserted harbor, by these and other matters claiming the urgent and immediate attention of the government, we come before you and ask you, may we call upon you in the name of her Most Sacred Majesty the Queen, and in the name of her loyal people to assist us in a general system of retrenchment by the reduction of large salaries and the amalgamation of offices, where it can conveniently be done without injury to the public service. We ask you to assist us in passing a bill through the House to provide that no future Secretaries, Treasurers, or Attorney-Generals shall be entitled to more than £5600 per annum ; that the salary of our future Governors shall be reduced by £2000 per annum ; and for the future our Judges shall not be ???? to retire from the Bench with a pension ???? are capable of performing their ???? than with a pension amounting ?????? more than they should be ???????? their duties ; for although our Judges are excellent they have very little to do. That our President and Speaker be reduced to £300 instead of £500, that our Chairman of Committees be £100 instead of £300 ; that chiefs' £800 be £600, that £600 be £450, that £500 be £350 and that £400 be £300, and so on throughout the service. We ask you to assist us in throwing off the extortionate charges to which our ships are subject on entering our ports. We ask you to assist us in removing the restrictions which are now damag- ing our intercolonial trade so that it may be carried on without trammel, and without restraint.' Yes, gentlemen, we ask you to assist us to effect retrenchment and to redress the grievances under which our ship owners and traders are now suffering, so that the tide of prosperity may again flow in Tasmania. We ask you this, and to show that we are sincere, we begin with our- selves. We are willing to hold office for £500 per annum instead of £900 paid to the members of the late ministry. And we feel that we need not point out to you the sources from whence additional taxation can be drawn (should it be required.) There's the land, the property, the income, and the absentees. These are the most' legitimate and healthful sources from which to gather sufficient to carry on the business of the country, while the freedom of trade tends to the employment and advancement of the poor, and to the profitable use of the capital of the rich. I fancy the hear ! hear! as the honorable member delivers his speech, the buzz and applause when he resumes his seat, the agitation in the reporters' and strangers' gallery, the communi- cation to those without, the telegraphic message to the north and the inland towns, the general exclamation from man to man that Tasmania has at last got a ministry honest and virtuous, and who intend the country's good, for they have shown that retrenchment like charity should begin at home. Had they done anything like this, I believe the colony would have been very different to what it now is, but they no sooner grasp the reins of office, than they appear to be electrified by their elevation to the post of honor, and then all their promises and good intentions are scattered to the winds of heaven. What has the present ministry done in the way of retrenchment ? Why like their predecessors in office they went through the farce of appointing a Royal Commission to enquire into the feasibility or practicability of retrenchment and amalgamation of offices, and who were the persons examined before the commission ? Why the heads of the departments and other interested parties. Were there any impartial and thoroughly practical commercial men examined ? I believe not. The whole of the evidence goes to the tune of follow my leader, and the farce winds up with a report of we can't recommend anything. Now as nothing in the way of retrenchment can be effected here, but extravagance supported by taxation must reign supreme, with your permission, Sir, I will endeavour to shew the public how matters are managed in other parts of the world. From a work before me published before the late civil war in America, I will show the area of some of the states, the number of popula- tion, with the salaries of some of their public men, and men for intelligence and ability not to be sur- passed by our colonial gentry. The State of South Carolina has an area of 20 millions of acres, her population numbers 581,458, her governor receives £700 per annum, her 3 principal executive officers from £300 to £400 each, and highest judges £600 per annum. The State of Georgia contains an area of 40. million acres, her population 516,567,her governor' £600, her executive officers £400 each and her judges £420 per annum. Alabama contains 30 million acres, population 500,000, governor's salary £700, and the chief judges £450 per annum. North Carolina, contains 28,042,000 acres, her population, 850,000, her governor only £400, and her chief judges £500 each per annum. Virginia has 40 million acres, her population is' 1,500,000. The Governor's salary is £600, his Executive Officers £200, the Attorney-General £400, and her chief Judges £500 each. Tennessee contains 25,600,000 acres, her population is 1,000,000, the Governor's salary is £400, 2 Executive Officers at £200 each, her chief Judges £360 each. The House of Representatives has 75 members, and the Senate 25, who are paid 4 dollars or sixteen shillings per day for' about two months in the year. The writer adds the expenses of the whole Government of the State of Tennessee are those for the Governor, his Executive, the two Houses of Legislature, for the whole of the Judiciary comprising the Supreme and Circuit Courts, amounts in the total to £9,240 per annum. The above are comparisons with colonial ex- travagance which will force themselves on the mind, by the powers of contrast, and in thus giving them publicity,—it is done with a hope that they may draw attention to the duty of lessening the public burdens by simplifying the forms and diminishing the expenses of government, which experience in other countries has shown to be as practicable as it is desirable, and which it would be as easy, as it would be found advantageous, to introduce gradually into these colonies if it were set about with an honesty of intention and earnestness of purpose, free from party motives, and without violence or injustice. Fearing I shall trespass too much on your valu- able space, I will conclude, By subscribing myself, GROWLER. 