TOWN AND COUNTRY NEWS Mr. Alexander, M.L.A. — Wc are happy in being able to report that Mr. Muuricc Alexander, tlie member for Goulburn, has so fur recovered from his late severe indispo sition as to give hope of being able in a few days to attend his Parliamentary duties. Death of a hicii Beggah. — William Gibson, a blind man who used to ask alms at the Market -street entrance to Hvde Pork, died at liis lodgings in Elizabeth-street on W ednesday morning. An inquiry into the cause ot his death was held by the City Coroner at his office on Thursday. Deceased had been unwell for some months, during which time his landlady did all that the could to make him com fortable. He would only consent to see a doctor once, and his landlady described him ns 'very near aud very miserly.' Micliael Shalvey deposed that deceased had £103' 14s. 7d. to his credit in the Savings' Bank, which sum he had accu mulated since 1SC3. He left a will, the executors beinsr witness and James Holland, in which he bequeathed £20, payable by weekly instalments of 10s., to Ann Turner, a })erpon in the poor-house ; £10 were left to the daughter of lis landlady, and £20 for funeral expenses — the balance to be divided equallv between the Infirmary, St. Vincent's Hospital, and the destitute Children' s Asvlum. He was a penurious man. Dr. Gilhooley believed t£at deceased died from exhaustion, the result of diarrhoea. Witness saw liim once about a month ago, and he said that he had no more money to pay a doctor. Had be had medical treat ment bis life might have been prolonged. Verdict— ' Deceased, aged sixty-three years, died from natural causes.' Coroner's Inqciev. — On Thursday the Coroner held an inquiry at his office, touching the death of Sarah Rorke, a young woman, twenty-two years of age, who died of con sumption on Wednesday morning. Deceased was too poor to pay for medical attendance, and, there being no certi ficate of the cause of death, the matter was thus brought under the notice of the coroner. Verdict — ' Died from natural causes.' SunRy HiLLfi Baxd of Hope. — The second anniver sary of this society was celebrated by a tea and public meet ing, held on Thursday night in the Bourke-street Congrega tional Schoolroom. There was a crowded attendance at both gatherings. Mr. S. W. Barridge read the report, which stated that the object of the society, which was uusectarian in its constitution, was to train the young in the principles of total abstinence from intoxicating drinks, Fifty-two meetings had been held, and the average attendance at them had been 100. The members had increased since March, 1863, from seventyto 267, the majority of whom had kept the pledge. Mr. w. Buzacott read the financial statement, which showed the income for the two years to have been £13 2s. 6!d„ and the expenditure £1 13s. 9£d. less than that amount. The Rev. James Bickford addressed the meeting, and in the course of his observations quoted the following eloquent passage from one of Gough's speeches : — ' My friends, I will conclude these remarks by just referring you to the words of an old Temperance advocate who has long since passed away from the scenes of earth. Taking up a glass of water he said : this is the beverage which God the Eternal brews for His children. Not in a simmering still, over smoky fires, amidst poisonous gases, and surrounded by sickening odours, does your Heavenly Father prepare this precious essence of life— pure cold water. No ; but in the green glade and grassy dell, where the red deer wanders and the wild flowers bloom, and the children love to play, there He brews it ; and down, low down in the deep valleys, where the fountains murmur, nnd the rills sing ; and high up upon the mountain to]p, where the naked granite gutters like gold in the sun ; where the storm-bird rests, and the thunder-storms crash ; and away fax out on the wide wild sea, where the hurricane howls the music, and the big waves roll their chorus, telling of the march of God — there He brews that pure cold water. And everywhere it is a thing of beauty — glistening in the dew drop, sparkling in ice gems, till the trees appear like living jewels ; weaving a golden veil about the setting sun, and a white gauze about the silvery moon ; sporting in the cataract, sleeping in the glacier, singing in the summer rain, dancing in the hail shower, folding softly her snowy curtains about the wintiy world — everywhere it is beautiful. Ng poison bubbles on its brink ; its foam brings no murders and madness ; no blood stains its liquid glass ; poor widows and starving orphans weep no bitter tears in its depths ; no drunkard's ghost from the grave curses it in accents of eternal despair. Speak, my friends, will you give it up for alcohol r' The chairman (Rev. T. Johnson), Rev. S. Humphries, Dr. Hobbs, Rev. J. Sharp, Rev. E Eobin son, Captain Welch, and Mr. A. Howitt also Jtook port in the meeting. Alarm of Fire. — At half-past nine o'clock on Thursday night, a fire broke out in some stables, the property of Mr. T. M'Elhinney, coal merchant, Pyrmont, There were three horses in the stable, one of which was seriously burnt, and about three tons of hay, as well as a quantity of maize, together with the sheds, were consumed. Tlie hay and corn were not insured, but the sheds were to the amount of £50 in the Liverpool, London, and Globe Com pany. The fire engine of the Insurance Company's Brigade was first at the fire, and was followed by engines of the No. 1 and No. 2 Volunteers, but they were not required to work. The late Fire is* GiiOEGE-srunET. — Inquest.— The inquest, held before the Citv Qoroner, and a jury at the Sportsman's Arms, with a view to ascertain the origin of the fire which, on Sundav morning last, destroyed a draper's shop in the occupation of Mr. G. Murray, was con cluded on Thursday. The particulars of this occurrence will be found in another column of this issuo. The evidence of Mr. Murray and his assistants — corroborated by invaicos and books, as well as by the testimony of Mr. J. B. Adnam, wholesale draper, who* examined the remains of tho stock after the fire— showed that there was more than £1800 worth of saleable stock on the premises when tho fire occurred, and the insurance would not, therefore, cover the amount of damage. It did not appear that Mr. Murray's affairs were embarrassod, and there were no circumstances adduced from which it could be inferred that the place was wilfully set on fire. Tho jury found that there was no evidence to show how the fire originated ; and it may be mentioned that the coroner and jurymen expressod tlioir opinion that no blame or suspicion was attributable to Mr. Murray, that he had given every information required, and that ho was a loser by the fire. Death fbom Deunkenness and Vice. — A woman, named Sarah Peckham, died in tho Infirmary, on Tuesday morning, and an inquest on view of tho body was held before the City Coroner, at the office, on Thursday; Constable Tubman found deceased seated against a wall in a lone off York-street, on Tuesday morning ; she was supported by an old woman, named uriWn, who was trying to give her some hot port wine. The constable removed deceased on a stretcher to the Infirmary, where she died an hour after her admission. The constable statod_ at the inquest that deceased went by the nunft of Davis, and was ene of those unfortunate women who are either constantly on the streets or in gaol. Deceased's husband stated that she became a drunkard akd left him five yea is ago ; he did not know where she lived ; their two children were in the Destitute Aeylum. The medical evidence was to the effect that de ceaskt had died from effusion and congestion of the brain, and it ia other reepeots boro out tho verdict of the jury, whioh was, ' Deceased, aged forty yaars, died from disease, the mult of intemperance and vicMUB habita.' Fiiir, ok Mn. Tiioiin'k Puui-kiity at Owndaky.— About oleven o'clock on Friday night ail n.lnrr.1 of live wai l-aiFCd in consequence cf n stack of bay of about thirty tons U-irp on (ire in a paddock of Mr. Thorn's on Guudary plains. Tlio two engines were sent out, nnd a nurnbor of people vent to render assistance. Owintf to the distance , which water liad to be brought, about balf-.i-mile, tho en gines were not of fo much uso as otherwise would have ' been the case. The fire, however, was confined to ono stack, wbich was destroyed. There being an impression ? that it was tlie work of an incendiary, a reward of £50 lia« been offered. — Govlburn Arpi/s. Laying Tiir. Foundation Stoke of thi- Bhoa 1 Pauijonage. — The Sega Gazette of 25th March says : — Last Wednesday great numbers of people assembled from all quarters of tho district at St. John's cliurch. At noon tliey formed into a proces sion, headed by the amateur pliilliarmonic band, and proceeded to the glebe, where everything was in readiness for the Iayingof the foundation stone. The company, on aixiving at the site of tho intendod building, formed a circle, when tlie Rev J. L. Knight opened the proceedings by a hymn and prayer. He then addressed the assemblage in a short but impressive speech, wishing them to bear in mind that the present building would be the means of establishing the ordinances of the Church and religious observances in Bega. Mrs. Mort1 who was to have conferred the honour of laying the foundation stone, was, he regretted to say, un able to come, but her son, Mr. Laidlev Mort, would perform the ceremony in her stead. He theu called on that gentleman. Mr. Mort, on coming forward, apologised for tho absence of his father and mother. He assured the assemblage that he highly appreciated the honour conferred on liim, and hoped that, from the dwell ing, the foundation Btono of which he was to place that day, many blessings would flow to the people of Boga. Mr. HLnight then handed the trowel, with the following neatly engraved inscription : — 'Presented to Mr. Mort, by the inhabitants of Bega. on the occasion of laying tho foundation Btone of the Bega Parsonage.' It was a fine piece of colonial workmanship, beautifully chased, with an lvoiy handle and 'a neat lignum vitas mallet. The usual ceremony having been gone through, a collection was made, while the band played the hundredth psalm. In reference to the building fund, the Rev. J. L. Knight stated that, up to the present moment, the sum of £-500 had been sub scribed. Mr. Mort bad promised to give the last £100; th? Bishop of Goulburn also promised that when the subscrip tion amounts to £700 he will give other £o0, so that alto gether their actual fund was £G50. Three hearty cheers were then given for Mr. nnd Mrs. Mort, three for Mr. Loidlev Mort, and three for the Bega parsonage, after wbich the assemblage broke up, the band playing tho National Anthem. Stabbing IIokses.— The Paterson correspondent of the Maitland Ma-cm-tj says A few weeks ago, Mr. Edwards, a carter, residing in tliis town, found one of his horses stabbed in the hip, close to the cup joint. The cut was about three inchcs in length, and above an inch in depth, and appeared to have been done with some sharp instru ment. On Thursday evening, the 23rd instant, Mr. Edwards, after concluding his day's work, turned his horse out to glaze, and, not requiring the horse on Friday, did notsCeit; but on Saturday morning, when going out to look for the animal, he found that another attempt had been made to injure it, and, it is feared, more successfully than the previous one. The first cut was made lengthways ; the second cut was a downward cut, about two inches in length, aud much deeper than the previous cut, and adjoin ing it ; and it is feared that some of the sinews are either severed or otherwise injured, as the horse can scarcely put his foot to the ground. Roman Catholic Places or Worship.— Tlie Goul luri) Argus of Wednesday reports as follows: — Last Sun day, the new Catholic Church, designated St. Andrew's, at Lo'ggan, was opened by the Rev. M. M'Alroy, who cele brated mass in the presence of from three to four hundrad people. The building is a neat edifice, of rubble ; it is forty Jive feet in length by twenty-five in width, with walls 13 feet high, though from the iioor to the centre of the roof is 25 feet. The roof is open gotliic, supported by three princi pals, resting on stone corbels. The dressings to the win dows and doors are of cut stone. Tho total cost has been about £330. A collection of £60 was made on Sunday, wbich leaves a debt of a similar amount still to be liqui dated.— On the 23rd instant, Divine service was held, for the first time, in the new Roman Catholic church, at Mical ago. The Rev. Father White officiated, assisted by the Rev. Father Newman, of Bonibala. After mass, the sum of £40 waF subscribed. The church is a gotliic structure, with a teacher's residence attached, it being also intended for a (lav-school. 