THE CHANCELLOR OF THE EXCHEQUER ON PARLIAMENTARY REFORM. I (shot the Liverpool Mercury, June 1.) LAST evening a meeting of Liberals was held at Chester, for the purpose of hearing Mr. W. H. Gladstone, who has offered himself as a candidate in the Liberal interest for election. The Chancellor of the Exchequer was present, and spoke in support of his son. The Right Honorable W. E. Gladstone, on rising to address the meeting, was received with the utmost enthusiasm. He said, that although he had not the honour to be either a candidate for election, or an elector, he hoped it would not appear strange or un- natural that he should come among the electors, on this occasion, when the immediate question concerned one in whom he was so nearly and dearly interested, one of whom he never had, and he believed never should, have cause to be ashamed. (Hear, hear, and applause.) "We have in the field four candidates for Chester ; or if I set apart one, about whose return I trust there is no shadow of doubt, and who need not be considered as a party to this contest, we have three candidates for a single seat. Gentlemen, that is not at first sight a promising position of affairs and who are these three candidates ? One of them is Mr. Ruikes-(a voice, " a Chester mainland Mr. Raikes has that claim to represent this constituency in Parliament which can be boasted by a man who notoriously entertains opinions that are those only of a very small minority of the constituency. (Loud cheers.) And how came Mr. Raikes among you? He came, gentlemen, in consequence of divisions existing in the body of the majority of the constituency. (Hear, hear.) And I am sure that you will agree with me that it is only those divisions that could give to Mr. Ruik«à"èvcn the ghost of a chance, v" Hear, hear," and applause.) Well, then, gentlemen-for I wish to make this a practical occasion (interruption) it is a grave matter to consider who is responsible for this division. (A voice, "Your sen.") I, at least, have felt that responsibility deeply, and I have gone, I am afraid, to the point of giving reasonable offence to many who are the warmest and most influential supporters of my son by my disinclination nay, more, by my resistance, to his coming here for any purpose which could involve disparagement or danger to the predilections and the opinions of the majority. (" Hear, hear," and applause.) And what, gentlemen, was the first communication made by my son, and made with my advice? Generally, gentlemen, I presume to say I leave him to the formation of free opinions. (Cheers.) Never shall I attempt to interfere with his conscientious convictions. (Hear, hear.) I am a lover of freedom for the nation. (" Hear, hear," and cheers.) I am a lover of freedom in the family (cheers) ; but I did feel, gentlemen, that it was my duty strenuously to urge upon him and to adopt for myself this rule, of conduct, that we would not be governed by considera- tions of personal ambition that the flattering prospect of his gaining your suffrages should not bring him into the field to the possible danger of that party which comprises three-fourths of the constituency, unless we were convinced that it was by him and by him alone that representation of the opinions of that party could be secured. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) And therefore his first pledge and promise was that he would not be a candidate at all unless invited in a manner so unequivocal as to be reasonably and morally sure that he would be the object of your choice. (Hear, hear, and cheers.) But, gentlemen, it may be said, " That is all very well, but what is to be the test ?" "Very well, gentlemen, each of us has had a test. Mr. Fenton has proposed a tests voice: "And he has run away," slaughteryard we have proposed a test and gentlemen, if I refer to Mr. Fenton, and if I say that this responsibility lies not at our door, but at hiss voice: "It does not," followed by cries of " Turn him out !" " Order, order l")1 shall endeavour to do so in terms that can give no offence to the gentleman who just now i expressed his opinion opposite to mc ("Hear, hear," and laughter), nor to anybody else -(hear, hear-and no word of intentional disrespect to him, or his friends, or to his opinions will escape me upon this occasion. (" Hear, hear," and applause.) " Rut," Bind Mr. Fenton, " decide the question between us two by a meeting of the Liberal electors." (Laughter.) Well, now, I frankly own I have no doubt Mr. Fenton, with his other accomplishments, must be a gentleman of great humour, and that he saw or knew we were very simple, and knew we were very young. (Laughter.) He knew we were little better than babies (laughter), and I really think that he considered that a very fair joke might be passed off upon us. ' (Laughter.) because, gentlemen, nobody will tell me in earnest that a man could really suppose that a seat I for Chester was to be disposed of by a meeting called, | forsooth, and denominated one of the Liberal electors. How was a meeting of Liberal electors to be held ? "Were there to be doorkeepers to ask every man in the first place his opinions, and whether he was a Parliamentary elector; and, in the second place, whether he was a Liberal elector? (Laughter.) Suppose he thinks he is a ' Liberal elector and the doorkeeper does not think so, is the doorkeeper to bang the door in his face? No, the doorkeeper is not to bang the door in his face : but, if the doorkeeper is not to exercise a judgment, how are you to secure a meeting of the Liberal electors ? I take it this is for the most part a meeting of the Liberal electors, and delighted I am to see it (" Hear, hear," and applause) ; but at the same time it would not be very easy to decide at this meeting, crowded and packed as you are, who shall be the member for Chester. (Hear, hear.) I think a good deal might depend, under some circumstances, upon who was in the chair. (Hear, hear.) The truth is, gentlemen, that was a method of declining altogether a reference to any trustworthy criterion. (" Hear, hear," and cries of "No.") Well, gentlemen, we took our criterion. We did not come into the field, we took no step, until a requisition signed by 400 persons was presented, and we then said what, I am bound to say was not very civil, though it was taken quite as kindly as it was expected it would be-we then saul That won't do; there is no proof in Unit requisition that my son is to be the object of the choice of the bulk of the party which farms the majority of the constituency, and unless that condition is fulfilled we will not come into the field we will not divide the party." (" Hear, hear," and cheers.) Well, thereupon our friends, not discouraged, and I must say putting a good face upon the matter, went back to the work and raised the 100 to 800. (Cheers.) I speak in round numbers. (Hear, hear.) Well, considering that, after all, Mr. Raikes has a party in Chester, and considering that the number that can be polled in Chester is, as I am told, not more than 4000, the presentation of a requisition with 800 names did appear to show-at any rate, to show pre- sumptively--that the man who received it was the choice of the majority of this city. (2 Hear, hear," | and cheers.) But even then, gentlemen, we did not hurry to a conclusion; but we said to Mr. Fenton i Producer superior or equal manifestation of strength, and we will retire from the field. (" Hear, hear," and cheers.) Nay, more, we say so now. I make the promise again. (A Voice-" He can't do it ;" with h the Chairman reported to the right hon. gentleman to be " He can do it.") By all means let him do it. (Hear.) We made that proposition, and VA hat was Mr. Fenton s answer: He looked with a critical eye at the requisition, and he said, "Here are 100 men that I knock off upon one plea err another. Three have signed thrice ; IS having signed twice ; fifteen more or forty more, are not qualified to vote, and some more invited your son to come out, but did not offer to support him." In that way about a hundred names were made up. (A voice : " Four hundred,") Now, work a moment, my head ; don't be in a hurry. My good friend, if you will just take one thing at a time we shall sooner get to the end. As regards those hundred names, I trust. to the supporters of my son (renewed interruption, during which Mr. It. Sherlock, as on several previous occasions, exclaimed, " Order, order ; chair, chair ! ") -I trust to the supporters of my son and the trainers of this requisition to deal with those particular criticisms ; but for the present, for the sake of argument, I will suppose that they are good, and I will suppose that a hundred were knocked out ; but then, as my friend opposite has reminded me and I had not for- gotten it-Mr. Fenton took broader grounds, and said, " Good heaven ! worse than all, here are 291 Conservatives,"-(cheers and laughter) all of whom this ruthless man proposed to disfranchise at a stroke. Now, that was a terrible proceeding, and what was the ground of it. The ground was that they had voted for Mr. Humberstone at the last election. Now, gentlemen, you know the history of Chester better than I do ; but I am told not 2!) I simply, but that the number of 500 or 600 voted for Mr. Humberstone. (A voice : " 600 or 700.") And therefore I confess I am not prepared to disfranchise 294 gentlemen. (Hear, hear.) I I do not approve the conduct of the party which calls itself " Conservative." (Hear, and cheers.) I do not think it is a Conservative party. (Hear, hear.) I do not think its measures tend to" the real preservation of the interests of the country (Hear, hear, and cheers) but for a great many of the gentlemen in that party I have a great respect, and I must say that upon their votes I am by no means prepared to say that I do j not set some value. Suppose that to be true, then, and suppose Mr. Fenton could bring down the names on the requisition from 800 to 400, did not he see that that made it not the less necessary that he should accept the test : (Hear, hear, and cheers.) His business was to say, "I decline your men in buckram, but in your real men I'll tackle, and I will show you a list on my side better than yours." (Cheers.) But Mr. Fenton has done no such thing. (A Voice: "Not yet.") "We cannot wait for ever. (Cheers.) Mr Fenton did not say he wanted a reasonable time to do it in he said he would not do it at all, and therefore I it is not a question of "Not yet," my friend. (Laughter, and applause.) Mr. Fenton declines to do it at all. Mr. Fenton, the man of business, the chairman of the Great Western Railway, really becomes poetical and mystical, and he talks about anonymous and unknown personages, about agents, and Heaven knows what, and the supporters he has got, but he does not produce them in black and white. (Loud I . cheers and laughter.; Now, gentlemen, I hold that I this demand of ours was a reasonable demand, and that we have thrown by that challenge upon Mr. Fenton the responsibility of the division that exists at Chester. (Loud cheers, and a few cries of "No, no.") Well, gentlemen, that is the part in these , election proceedings for which I am especially responsible. It this contest proceeds, if it goes on to its natural consummation, there will be a good deal bandied backward and forward about who was the cause of this mischief; and as my conscience is clear, I wished to' lay the case before you, that we have not moved except upon a requisition signed by 800 men, from a constituency in which not more than 1900 can be rolled. (Cheers.) Now, gentlemen, I have been brought into this contest rather more (At this point the hon. gentleman was interrupted by the noisy de- mi strations of a few persons who had before shown a disposition to disturb the proceedings.) My sincere desire is (said the Chancellor of the Exchequer) that you should hear me ; but that must depend on yourselves, i 'I he Chairman (rising with great indignation) : Clamour, and insult your own understandings ! (Hisses and groans, which were received with great vehemence.) When the Chairman again exclaimed, " Clamour, and insult your own understandings ;" adding, " the Chancellor is a better talker than any of you." The Chancellor of the Exchequer having patiently waited till there was a lull, proceeded. Well, now, gentlemen, I am going to make you a fair offer. The Mayor is so kind as to give me a good character, but at the same time it rests with you entirely to determine by your own wishes and nothing else whether I inn to address you on any matter connected with this election. (Loud cheers, mingled with cries of disapprobation from a few malcontents.) All I would venture to suggest is, and I think it is a fair appeal, that if it be the desire of the great majority of the meeting that I should say something upon the state of this election, the minority, and the small minority, of the meeting should pay some attention to the wishes of the majority (Loud cheers.) Now gentlemen, I have taken some interest in this contest, and I have been endeavouring to improve my mind by a reference to the political literature of Chester, in which I have found some interest from myself forming the subject of a considerable portion of it. (Laughter.) I refer particularly to speeches that have been made by and in the presence of the gentleman called the Tory candidate I mean Mr. Raikes. (Slight interruption.) Now, I must express my regret that the discussions at that gentleman's meetings have not been confined to political matters, but that matters affecting personal character, and even matters which might be designated as foul calumny (loud cheers have been introduced either by the error of the reporters or by the errors of the speakers. I shall not allude, gentlemen, to subjects of that class. I shall deal with them not here, but elsewhere. (Cheers.) But I hope, and I give it as my best advice and injunction to my son, and I trust I may address it as an earnest entreaty to his friends, that on their parts in this contest every thing of the kind shall be sedulously avoided. (Cheers.) I pass from that subject to the question of politics of large and general interest, and these are matters of fair remark. (Hear, hear.) I have read Mr. Starkey's speech. I think he seems to be a young gentleman of considerable readiness, and he has got cut-and-dried opinions upon all the questions of the day (A laugh.) Not only so, but he has contrived to form judgments upon all the men, old enough to be his father or his grandfather, who have been spending thirty, forty, fifty, or sixty years in the service of their country. (Laughter.) Now, Mr. Raikes is reported to have said that for the last six years there has been no Government in this country. "Well, there has been no Government of the kind Mr. Raikes wishes to have. (Loud cheers and laughter ) There has been no Government such as there was fifty years ago, when the Corn Laws and Six Acts were passed. (Cheers.) There has been no Government of any description, Mr. Raikes says ; but I submit to you that there has been a Government of some kind or another. Who are the men forming the Government of the country 5 LordFalmerstonandLord Bussell. (A Voice : "You are the pillar," and loud cheers.) Lord Palmerston is a man who has established what I may justly call a world-wide reputa- tion. (Cheers.) Almost wherever the same of England is known his name is known along with it, and I must add that he is a man whose services, whose experience, whose estimable and popular qualities have given him a high place in the favour and affections of his countrymen. (Loud cheers.) And yet, forsooth, there has been no Government during the last six years ! (Renewed applause.) And what is Lord Russell r Who will write the history of this country for this generation without y thing in that history to Lord Russell one of the proudest places r Cheers.) It is the pi notice, gentlemen, and the just practice, to decorate the breasts of our soldiers with medals and with clasps for the gallant actions in which they may have fought; and if it were the practice likewise to decorate the breasts of Btatcsxien with medals and clasps for the good laws they have passed, and for the bench s they have conferred upon tin Cover win He breast of Lord John Russell worldly' nothing but out mass of clasps and medals for 0",T cheers) And yet forsooth, there has been no Government in the country during the last six years 'fit in wed applause) But I did pick out in a pan of the Milk, speech that something was passed beared) know what the) call not believe it .. known as the Commercial Treaty with, France (1 laughter and applause ). It seems there was a treaty evil that kind made about the year 1860 there is there was no Government in this country - flat hinterland says Mr Raikes, that treaty has very much dwan pointed the expectations of its friends and the expectations of its enemies Now, it is said to be a good rule in this wicked world in which we live matter believe one half of what you hear (I daughter therefore, I believe one half of what I hear from Mr Raikes in this matter I believe the French commercial treaty) has disappointed the expectations of its enemies Loud laughter and applause ) But with regard to the expectations of his friends I want to know where in the world Mr Raikes got his information about the French treaty I venture to say there is not one of its friends along with him. He must come eavesdropping at some of your meetings in order to know what the friends of the treaty have wanted (A laugh ) Now, I will not presume to say what the expectations of the friends of the treaty have been but I might say that not only no lawyer, but no dreamer ever indented a statement more exaggerated or more absurd than the statement that their exact 'ations were disappointed in regard to that treaty" I loud cheers ) What has that pretty done It has added to the value of trade between 1 second and 1 Prince twenty-three millions of mercy (cheers) and besides adding so much to the value of the trade with France inasmuch as the legislation of that treat) HAS not confined to France, it has added I believe I iniLjht say, more than as much but I will venture 0 say at least as much more to our trade with other countries of the world-(cheers)-ind if we are able to say that forty or fifty millions of money in the ships of beneficial exchange have been added to the transactions of this country by the conclusion of that great instrument, is that a cause of disappointment I (Loud cheers ) And what is the meaning of all this. "V You see the nHures m statistical tables but do you reflect upon the deep and pregnant meaning They mean this- that so many millions are added to the profits on capital to the stewards upon skill to the pay ment of honest labour in this country (Cheers) 1 he) mean comfort carried into cottages where but for that demand no employment would have been found and want would have prevailed (Cheers) He) mean that when the great calamity of the American war came upon the world, and a great gap was occasioned in commerce by the cessation of the American demand, then the French demand, as if by some providential design, came into operation and kept in action those strong English arms which, but for the treaty, would have hung idly by the side (Loud and long continued cheering ) And that, for sooth, is disappointment, that is iusi0itihcancc that is the act of a period when there has been no Government in the country (Renee ed applause ) AVliatu Mr Rnkess idea of the Government of a country > What does he think is the business of a Go\ eminent Does he think it consists in the regulation of prisons and workhouses, and in the passing and administration of criminal law I hold that we are in our best and in our happiest employment when a fortunate and providential combination of circus st inces enables us to devise means for raising the condition and increasing the happiness of the great body of our fellow countrymen (loud cheers) Well, gentlemen, I will not trouble on more upon the subject of the French treat), but I must say be on your guard against those who, when they look back over the legislation of the last thirty three years, say, We do not object to the repeal of the Corn laws, that was all very well, but take care of the men who carried the repeal of the (Corn Laws beware of the men who established the system of free trade because of the men who have endeavoured to mitigate and remove religious disabilities beware of the men who have taught the doctrine of a liberal extension of the Franchise These are the modest demands which Mr. Raikes makes upon you andforhinsclt he says he is perfectly willing to consent to the removal of proved abuses (Much laughter and cheering) "Yes, gentlemen, " proved abuses no doubt but who is to prove them, and who are to be the judges of the proof (Renewed laughter ) If Mr Parkes and his of lands are to be judges of the proof then I should like to know in what manner the) vtouldpnssjudg mont on the proof (Hear, hear ). If I am to understand how they would pass judgment upon the proof 1 must look to their past acts And what have they been about - At the time when there was no Government in the country, and when the French treaty was milling, what were the Opposition about Why, oiling every obstacle to the making (i that treaty which the ingenuity, vigour, and health Vulmmcntary opposition could devise Loud cheer ) I have told you its character I have told you it results judge of them for yourselves, and judge whether you ought to give the high honour and the pi ed duty of representing Chester into the hands of those who mean to follow the men wholesale I the conferring of hut benefit upon the country, or i to the hands of these who will support the party who carried that measure and who do their best to secure for the country other similar advantages (Applause) Now gentlemen, I am going to say a few words that are strictly relevant to this occasion My son appear before, you as a very young man And Mr Fenton appears before you as a man known and approved by experience in business (A voice" Where does he come from ') Where do I come from' ('No Mr Fen ton ) Oh, I am known (Laughter ) I was going to answer, gentlemen, that I came from London to-day by the 2 45 train (Laughter and applause.) But, gentlemen, I wish to state this case fairly for my) son is a man necessarily without experience in what is termed business Mr Fenton is a man of experience in business, and I think that naturally) enough a certain presumption may arise in favour of a man of experience in business, but I wish to state to you our pi --I ion in the House of Commons the future well being of this country depends mainly on the manner in which the House of Commons is composed (Hear, hear) Now, gentlemen, what is Parliamentary) or political hie What is the life of a man in office It is a profession, and it is just as much a profession and a trade as any profession or trade driven in this city, and allow me to say that if you intend to save that profession carried on, experience has proved that you must have it carried on in the main by men who have taken to it when they were young (Applause ) Now, gentlemen, I will elucidate time, if you please Suppose there is any man among you who is a master of carpenter or a master smith and I was knock at his door one morning and say, I want you to take me in as a journeyman, he would say to me, ' My good fellow do you know anything about the business and I should say, No but I am willing to learn He would say, ' You are a great deal too old , go and think of some thing else' (Laughter) Now, there are ample space and occupation in the House of Commons for what are called men of business country) gentlemen and insinuates from the rural districts, maniac turers merchants, shipowners, made a) directors and all other sorts, generally speaking, from the towns AN hat the House of Commons wants is every possible div crsity of elements You see a diversity of elements in this very hall-you are not all absolutely of one mind In the House of Commons we want every class, every interest, every faculty) and capacity of mind but if you want to have the business of the country carried on you must be content to return to the House of Commons a certain number of men who are to make it the profession and occupation of their lives (Applause ) And, therefore, gentlemen, I do not in the best feel ashamed of recommenduiD'-it indeed, it were many power to recommend to you-the Choice of one whose education has been such as to quality runs for the discharge of public duty, whose character has always deserved my confidence whose judgment I know already), young though he be, to be sound and "good (hear, hear-and who, I am confident, will prove to be an honest and able representative of the 1 topic (Applause) Now, gentlemen, I entered tins In 11,1 came in the vicinity of this hall at a moment when my son had proceeded far in addressing you Perhaps; you will be surprised if I tell you that I am not aware of his precise opinions upon several points who heart no doubt matters of great interest among you I wish to lease them to a free gr°wthJ?"'1 intelligent n.ind-(applause)-and I am confident, from what I know english coMMuencMBandoft» character of my fellow countrymen, that you likewise will be disposed to leave to him some freedom. of: du cussion (Hear, hear, and applause ) You may get a cut and dried representative, who will answer c-Mr cal questions as if they were his catechism, and who will go like a parrot wherever you like to windows. and will say " A>e ' or "No, as a parrot righted But, gentlemen, it at twenty-four, as Mr Rawes Seems to thunder at twenty five, if that because he ought to understand the whole wide range of Engine obtuse and to be perfect master of all these subjects, and not only a master of them for himself, but his condition to smite every other man with denunciation-I say this, it a man can get after" the age of the day for, what a wonderful fellow he may. be by the time he is 50 or 60 (laughter and no pi ins) and lie ill) do think that if Mr Rukess chicition advances in future) cars it such a rate a he appears to think it has advanced of late I will not tell to what enormous dimensions mor ii dimensions I Fern-tree n am not well in future tunes But this is not the lot of ordinary men Trust is what your representatives must all as a ask of you, trust is what I admit your earthly 1 representatives must ask of you in a peculiar decree but it you look back over the long list, of nature of this country who is we ever on the whole, been the last leaders of opinion-if You take Mr Pitt Mr ION, Mr Canning, Lord Macaulay, Lord John Russell Lord Palmerston, and many other readers, an infinite number of whom I might quote, you will find they are all of them men who have been elected in early youth upon the principle of trust (applause), and having honest English minds, and leading their isolated life in the light of day, and ending from day to day that inestimable privilege which we do enjoy of the free and unrestrained comments of our countrymen in general, and of the Press in particular, upon all we say or do Rely upon it, where the conscience and character are right the result will be right too (Applause.) The mind will open out under the teaching of experience like a flower under the rain and the sun, and from those whom you have sent to represent you in youth you will see spring up by degrees the men who are to make the name of England respected abroad, and to promote the happiness of the people of England at home (Applause ) And now, gentlemen, how much do you suppose In my advice ever been to in) son with regard to all these questions I have advised him to declare himself among you an adherent of Liberal principles not to measure too nicely and too strongly the application of these principles, but to take the principles themselves And what do I understand by liberal principles I understand in the room this by I liberal pnnLiplcs-the principle of trust in the people only relieved by prudence, but by the principles of their opponents, I understand mistrust in the people only relieved by, fear (Applause And wh), gentlemen, do I make that recommendation Because I look back over the history of the last fifty years since the peace of 1815 and mark to myself the change that has taken place in the condition of this country Why, those of us who are old enough to recollect that period have been witnesses of that change, and all others have the means of judging of its extent Let us go back to that state of things What was then the condition of the masses of the country 1 dear food was shortened b) unnatural and artificial laws (hear, hear), and those very same laws which made thou good deal and scarce, made scarce also the employment, by means of which their food was to be paid for (' Hear, hear, and applause) The consequence of that was discontent And how was that discontent met' B) laws for repressing the Press, and for diminishing the action of personal liberty, and makuigniorc severe the penalties applicable to those wholesale seem to manifest discontent And the consequence was that the great old venerable monarch) of England which, as I trust, we shall hand down to our children stronger and healthier than we received it from our forefathers ("hear, and applause) that thirty or forty years ago the ancient foundations of that monarchy were sadly weakened in the hearts and minds of the great masses of the people What has taken place since' A new and a different tone has come over legislation Another spirit guides the deliberations of Parliament Parliament has time to heal dear ences and destroyers), to extend the franchise, to litigate penal laws, to improve and enlarge education to make justice acceptable and the law respected, and to remove every occasion of collision and conflict between classes All these things, and many more, make up in the main the chapter of the legislation of the last thirty) -h e y ears (Applause ) And not out) this, gentlemen, but in another great chapter of poli- tics-I mean the foreign policy of the country they have endeavoured, while observing every international, at the same time honestly) to extend the hand of sympathy and friendship to the promoters of free institutions in the world (Applause) Now by whom is it that this change has been brought about Has it been brought about by those whom Mr Raikes asks you to support ("No") No, gentlemen, it has not It has been brought about mainly by the direct action of the party termed the Liberal party while in possession of the Govern- went, but partly, also, I may be permitted and I am bound to su), hythe example and the exertions of men like Mr Canning and Sir R Peel, whose minds were too large for the contracted space in which they found themselves, and who, because of the benefits that they conferred upon their countrymen, lost the confidence of their party (applause) But the party of which they lost the confidence was that party w ruell Mr Raikes in\ it's you to support Now, I don t deny-on the contrary, I rejoice to behave that in that party there are not only many excellent men many high, generous, upright intelligent, enlightened men, but the great and beneficial change which we have seen, which has rendered our people more happy, our laws more respected, our institutions more secure than those of any people in the world and, are changes which have been made not by the agency but gone rally in opposition to the endeavours of that party, (Applause) Now, gentlemen, I have detained you very long (series of " be on, and applause and I don't think that there is any reason why I should detain you longer, but if you like I will say one word upon a subject which I know interests you much and on which I heard the remarks that fell from my son I mean the franchise Now, gentlemen, as far as I can understand the position of that question in Chester is very peculiar, and the constituency of Chester, if I am rightly informed, is very differently composed from the constituencies-I mean the town constituencies of the country in general the I understand the matter, out of about 1000 or 2000 voters in Chester, about 900 are supposed to belong to the working class that is to say, not very far short of one half of the whole Well, now, when we look over the country at large, so far is it from being true that one half the whole constituency is composed of the working class that the working class only forms an exceedingly small fraction of that constituency It is very difficult to estimate the fraction exactly, and I will not pretend to do so, but I believe that if we take the whole constituency, of the country at about 1,000,000, some think that the working men in that 1,000,000 do not exceed 00,000, and I believe hardly any one thinks that they exceed 100,000 Now, that in my opinion is a a very small portion of the constituency to be composed of working men Gentleman, I frankly own to you I am against all sudden and sweeping changes the characteristic of our country is to go forward surely and steady , but I confess I lament that the mind of the country is not more prepared than at present it seems to be for a sensible extension of the franchise to the working man (Cheers ) I am not speaking of Chester 1 frankly own that I am by no means sure that a better system might not be invented for Chester prospective!), I mean Of course, I am for disfranchising no one, but for the future I am by no means sure that a better system may not be invented for Chester than the present system, which practically, as I understand, admits the working men only in the character of a freeman, and no man can deny that the working men have a large share in the constituency of Chester, butter Carntyne Government with which I have ever been my ected, and no statesman with whom I have ever acted, have ever thought that it would be wise to introduce laws which would at once hand over the majority of the votes in the country into the hands of the working men Now, Isa) that not ft out mistrust Ihadthuteen years' experience of a working man's constituency in the borough of Newark It was not a very large borough, but when I went there there were 1)00 voters, and out of them between 1100 and 1200 were working men, but those working men never dreamt of voting together as a class, or of setting up as a separate interest But still, gentlemen, I say go Jurd) and steadily (Hear, hear ) those scot and lot constituencies have been extinguished I am very sorry for it I wish those old scot and lot constitu critics had continued It was a good old sound english franchise, and it secured this effect-that it There was a question in which the working man had a peculiar interest, in those boroughs at any rate, they and, when the occasion arose, the means of making their wants and wishes clearly known, and that t°lm,i?°]!lltlunk was not bold thing but a good thing for the constitution (Cheers) Now, we are sent ? Predicament I Relieve at this present SnEfrt! at Sister P^P01110'1 of the working men enjoy the franchise than enjoyed it thirty years ago DS of the Reform 11.11 But what changes the off plan? If the number of electors, in JmLo is Labs has diminished, what has actually working ck89 itself HaS * orZslíl0r habit m?**«&5 Has it deteriorated cíasseVwñT0' ld Is the nation of the w asking loyalty of tL IVY ín'"lItel> extended Is he RISES firkins classes more doubtful No , A<Of70nÛythBîOTCr ("ow. heal) Is yearlings i? f STrfter steady towards the Go 3rd of " * Iwothobest means of knowing AeGovern"!0?00^ } "No' he fell from mistrusting The; tUe O«"TT»1' the very agent Hasi*r*C,e to made guardian, of their savings Muir waited of the working classes been , specially tested in the interval > _n it was led in the fire of nillicliou-in that line of affliction which burned in I Lancashire when, in a day, the employment of the people was swept away, and yet public order was secured The laws were adhered to respect was paid to more fortunate classes, want was endured in silence and patience, with heroic fortitude and I must say that proofs of confidence such as those ought to have some influence on the spirit of the privileged classes to induce them, not as a matter of abstract right, but upon practical grounds with a view to strengthening the laws and institutions of the country, to make some sensible, some liberal, though some safe extension of the franchise (Hear, hear) It would be made to enter into what should be the form of that extension I agree it would be most wise to include in that extension all those who, being not holders of property, but equal to the possession of the franchise, are excluded from it That is a measure, gentlemen, which has received aid from a very distinguished gentleman from Mr Disraeli He calls it " lateral extension, extension sideways That is a very good thing, but it is not enough There should also be given to the country at large an extension downwards, the effect of which would be that in the borough constituencies in general the working classes would exist as a sensible traction or portion of the constituency, and that their voices would be more freely and truly heard in the House of Parliament, and their feelings would be more warmly enlisted in the interest and welfare of our common country (Loud applause ) 