A Meal $«Iiost Story; We oommend tho following to tLb notico of some of tho many publishers of readings for Christinas; Tho oiinplo facts transpired in a parish in IiOxboroilghshire thia present month aboul midnight, between it Saturday and a Sui- day. It was moonlight, but cloudy, henco iho night was sometimes clear and at otlior times nearly pitch dark — in fact; it was such a night aa witches, warloeka,- a'nd ghosts used to delight in, and it soonied to our informant that ono of theso siipernational visitants actually mado its appearance in the said parish at the timo above mentioned, and tho placo was the churchyard. But to begin at tho beginning of tlio story, as it was narrated to us by a respectable person who livod in a cottage hard by the bceue, and who with Lric wife aud family akogot a fright, They had just retired to rest for tho ni^ht. There I was no light iu tlio room but the flickering- light' of tho dying ombers of the firo iu the grate, when suddenly the doer opened, anil an elderly woman rusl'ed into the room. Sbo was almost out of breath, and sat down nlmost oxhansted on the nearest seat. She nearly fainted awny. The guid folk3 of the house recollected thnt they had forgotten to lock the door, and thought it must be somo human being in great distress who had rim into their house for protection. Thoy gave her a drink to revive her, and when she came round a little, in answer to the question what ailed her, 3I10 muttered out, amid long drawn sighs, that ' she thought the time had g'aen by for ghosts, but she had seen ano tho nicht.' In this way sho proceeded to tell how she had Rone to pay a visit to her dear departed hus band's grate, for there was naebody like her John. He was awe dear to her, and now that he was away, there was nane to fill his place, and she never felt happy unless when bIio was beside him. Aye, his very dust was doar to her, and sho could spend whole nights beside him yet, though ho had been buried now for months. She caid she had often before gone and stood boside his tombstone for hours, and no one had fashed her till that night, when she had got sic a gliff that 6he thought she would not get over it. ' Oh me !' said she, ' that awfu'-looking man.' It wnsna my John. Na, na, ma John nao ugly-look- . ing, black face by you : and then the awfu' man never spoke a word, but mado such unearthly sounds, and pointed wi' his hands, whiles up and whiles down, that I didna ken whether ho was frao aboonor below, and he made a' sorts of queer man«8uvres. He put his hands up to his head, and looked for a' the world liko tho black falla wi' his horns. It wasna my John, I am sure, for ho wodna hao gliffed 1110 that way, nnd then he would have spoken to me that I could ha' kenned what he said; but that awfu' man, wi' a' his acreecking, and boobooing, and shaking o1 liis head and hand dHna speak in our tongue. Oh, that awfu' man, his black heavy fnce is hunting mo yet, and where he carag from I didna ken aither, I'm sure, lie didna como in at the gato nor over the wa' ; ho just started up heforo mo out 0' John's grave, hut ho vrasna ma John. I dinna ken h:iw I got avray from that awfu'-like apparition, or how I came thero. Where om I?1' So when she had finished her btory it was plain sho had had a severe shock to her nerves. Tho family into whoso house she came, when they got a light, knew her to bo a respectable woman, and when sho was more composed the goodman kindly volunteered to nccompany her home. On the way thoy were mot by tho decent woman's son, who had been searching cverywhero for his mother, and, knowing that she had frequently visited tho churchyard, thought that sho might possibly, late as it was, havo gone there, for she had been rather deeply affected by the loss of her husband, so much so that there was no consoling her, and there was no keeping her away from tho grave when sho could get away. It seema, however, that she had got such a fright by that visit that she would not soon seek back to tho haunted churchyard. Wo can only guess at the solution of the mysterious apparition. A deaf and dumb man, with a bushy black beard and moustache, lodges in a dwelling overlooking tbe burying ground. Ke may hare seen tho disconsolate woman thero and out of pity for her had gone to adviso her to go homo ; but his strange appearanco want of speech, and the signs mado with his hands may have added to tho woman's terror, her heated imagination doing tho rest. 