EFFECTS OF THE NEW TARIFF. (BY OUR SPECIAL REPORTER) No. I. OUR CLOTHING MANUFACTURES. The Parliamentary session draws near its end, and with the question of the tariff still to be settled, we have need to pause and ask what have been its effects during the five months of its operation. The inquiry may well be disinterested, for there is nothing in- volved to warp the judgment. Welcomed by the applause of the political party that gave it birth, its most eager opponents have fre- quently declared themselves supporters of the Ministry; and while the last have de- nounced it as obstructive, the former are careful to mention that it only contains the germ of their darling policy. We propose, in pursuing the inquiry indicated in the heading of this article, simply to set forth what the tariff has and has not done. In no case shall we be found to have drawn an inference that is not plain to the commonest understand- ing, and in no case shall we deal with the questions of free trade or protection, except so far as they form part of the facts we pro- pose to set forth. Whatever protection may or may not do, is foreign to our purpose; we are dealing with the tariff alone. The clothing manufactures of Victoria, to encourage which the tariff was mainly de- signed, may be said to have commenced in 1861\. Before then " making-up" was only practised by a few retail dealers, who found the sewing- machine useful in working up old materials and the manufacture of Crimean shirts. The brisk trade that sprang up between Victoria and New Zealand in 1861-2, however, promoted a new order of things which would gladden the eyes of Elias Howe, the famous father of the " double-threader," to see. It fell to Messrs. Harris and Heymanson, clothing im- porters, of Flinders lane, to be the pioneers of the new industry. With capital to invest their attention was turned to the fact that, in the face of high wages and floods of imports, the manufacture of Crimean shirts was still found profit- able. That that which was found to pay in shirts might also pay in clothing was not an unreasonable inference, and they could not choose but be struck with the enormous advantages a free trading sparsely populated country like Victoria enjoyed in its inhabi- tants being permitted to adopt the most pro- ductive industries for their own, leaving the others to the overworked and underpaid dwellers in London attics and alleys. Thus inquiry and calculation showed that while the low-priced article might be left to the cheap labour of the "sweater" of Bethnal-green, the higher-priced clothing, requiring bettor and more elaborate workmanship, might be profitably made by home labour. The enter- prise was started, and experience soon sug- gested a thousand economies, which rapidly enhanced profits, the best and most important being the employment of women, whose labour is often at a discount in a new country. The experiment proved successful, and of course found imitators. It was of no use that the English manufacturers crowded the Mel- bourne auction rooms with their refuse stock, sold under cost price. The new indus- try established under free trade, bolstered up by no mischievous legislation, had fairly taken root and flourished. Founded on no artificial basis, it easily weathered the storm when trials came. Victorian goods were found just suited to the colonial market the retailer was allowed to choose stocks adapted to his customers, and the cus- tomer hesitated little in preferring the gar- ment fresh from the tailor's hands, which just met his taste and convenience, to the musty, awkward, ill- fitting, and low-priced sweepings of English factories. There was only one more ordeal through which the new industry had to pass. Throughout the country the retail dealer was mainly in the hands of the Melbourne ware- houseman, who gave him credit. This warehousing trade had even then assumed enormous dimensions, for in 1861 the imports of apparel, haberdashery and drapery, princi- pally consigned to them, amounted in value to £2,181,506. Closely connected with Eng- lish houses, it seemed doubtful if the colonial firms would not prefer to import rather than to manufacture ; but their hesitation was short-lived. Making their profit in the colony, it was of overwhelming importance to them that colonial prosperlty should be encouraged, and this, added to an instinctive love of gain, led them to adapt the new state of things to their circumstances. Capital was freely in- vested, factories increased, pains were taken to educate workpeople for their duties, and it followed that last year not less than 800 hands were engaged in the manufacture of clothing for this and the neighbouring mar kets. Increased trade resulted. With superior goods derived from colonial workmanship, the markets of our neighbours were success- fully invaded, and the saleable productions of Victoria were preferred throughout the Austral- asian colonies, to the great advantage of our labouring classes, our port, and our shipping. To send here for clothing was to send other orders in the same direction, and before ever the tariff was dreamed of, schemes were in progress to almost wholly abandon importa- tions of made-up clothing, and enlarge this particular industry by the employment of at least 600 hands more. Imagine the blow which the deprivation of the intercolonial trade would be to an industry like this! To encourage this new industry the new tariff was imposed, and it is now asked what have been its effects. The question is best put threefold. First - Has the tariff preserved the Victorian market to Victorian industry? Secondly - Has it stimulated Victorian in- dustry? And, thirdly - Has it injured Vic- torian industry ? Has it preserved the Victorian market to Victorian industry ? There have been found those courageous enough to say that it has. But what are the facts? What is the exparience of the trade? The new duties have been imposed for five months, and a short calculation will show that up to this time it has been impossible to check the importation of goods previously ordered. Por the sake of 4s. per cubic foot measurement, merchants would not send back the goods shipped to Melbourne, and there has not been time enough to allow of their counter orders having any effect. Tho preliminaries of buying, selecting, and packing in England could not occupy less than a month \- probably much more - a three months' voy- age follows ; and thus four months are con- sumed,while the counter order could only have been sent home by the February mail, leav ing on the 25th of the month. It has been at- tempted to be shown that the merchants must have been prepared for the change. But who, recollecting the sudden consternation that seized the importers of soft goods when the tariff was announced, and their intercolonial trade threatencd, believes that they ever did so? In fact, it was wholly unexpected, for it was the suddenness of the catastrophe that opened their eyes to the danger they had hitherto overrated. In any case, a drawback on re-ex- portation might have most reasonably been looked for, but even that was denied. Be- sides, it is a fact that during the past three months what are called "speculative ship- ments" have sent tens of thousands of pounds worth of goods into Melbourne auction-rooms ; nor is there any sign of a falling off. The manufacture of crlnolines is almost at a stand-still on this account, and the pro- prietors of the only factory worth the name started slnce the tariff was proposed - viz., Messrs. Herman Brothers, of the " Argus Cloth- ing Factory"-complain bitterly that they are left just now doing little more than making up stock, imports having cut them off from their own particular field. It is also well known in the market, that the great English exporters, such as Hyam and Co., Moses and Son, Silver and Co., who have hitherto found in Victoria a splendid absorbent for their clear ing-out stocks, are not at all disposed to give up their market without a struggle, which they can easily afford to make a severe one. Even now, their Victorian agents are supplying them with samples of the articles best suited to the Victorian taste. Nevertheless, there is that elasticity in an industry which has boen successfully established under free trade that leaves so doubt of the ultimate result. But this is shown clearly, viz, that whatever the tariff, if confirmed, may do for good or evil, it has not yet checked imports, nor protected the Victorian market. Has it stimulated Victorian industry ? It will be well to take evidence from all sides. Facts are indisputable; but for our purpose they are best taken from the mouths of those whose supposed interest, as well as opinions, lean to protection, and, as far as possible, we shall use that source of infor- mation. Solcberg and Co., of Little Collins street, are at present among the largest manu- facturers of clothing here, and their views incline to favour a protective duty. They report - we are quoting the words of one of the firm - no advance in price, and deny that the tariff has benefited them. They have increased their hands, but expressly explain that they expected that increase without the tariff, for they pushed their business to obtain it. They deny that trade is brisker now than it was before the tariff came. Messrs. Her- man Brothers we have already alluded to. They were established under the tariff, but have only twenty-five hands on their pre- mises (Solcberg and Co. have 130), and find business extremely slack. Messrs. Warne and Webster, of Russell street, are now in process of establishing a factory to employ 200 hands, but we are assured, through their manager, that their arrangements were made many months ago, and without any reference whatever to the tariff. They found a pro- sperous trade going on, and proposed to share in it. Indeed, they almost fear the tariff, lest it should make the demands of their workpeople unreasonable. Messrs. Sargood, King, and Sargood, of Flinders-street who employ eighty hands in their factory, proposed last October, in the face of an ad- vancing intercolonial trade, to employ some thirty hands more, but the tariff cut down the increase to ten, and it is doubtful if even these can be retained. Messrs. Harris and Heymanson, of Flinders-lane, employed in July, 1864, 150 hands; they now have only 130, and make this remarkable statement :- " We are hourly turning applicants away for want of work." We have many other in- stances to quote, but shall reserve them for a future article, merely concluding this part of our inquiry by a reference to the case of L. Stevenson and Sons, which, for some reason or another, has boen utterly misquoted to the public, to further the purpose of an argu- ment for the tariff, though Mr. Langton fre- quently mentioned the facts in his telling free-trade orations. Indeed, to make matters worse, the finn in question are charged with falsehood, although such conclusive proofs as correspondence and agreements are plenti- fully extant to justify their statements. The facts were, that in September last this firm, satisfied of the merits of the new industry, projected a gigantic scheme of almost aban- doning imports of clothing, and commenced negotiations with Messrs. Harris and Hey- manson to carry their idea through. By the way, it may stated that this scheme would employ 800 additional hands. It took months to elaborate the plan, which, when complete, was sent home for ap- proval to the head firm by last Decem- ber's mail. It was approved and re- turned, snbject to the veto of the Melbourne firm, who, in the face of the new tariff, which necessarily checked their operations, dared not go on. As time advanced, and the pros- pects of the rejection of the tariff became nearer, they decided to proceed, but in an humbler way. Their first plan was to pledge themselves to take goods whose value formed no very small proportion of a million of money ; but their second agreement was for much less. This second agreement com- menced on the 1st of July last. In the face of all this, who shall say that the tariff has stimulated colonial industry? On the contrary, in every quoted case (and in a future article we shall add many more) it has done the direct opposite. Has the tariff injured colonial industry? We have shown that trade has fallen off, and now we will point to the reason. Our Intercolonial trade, so prodigious of late years, has almost succumbed to the restric- tions imposed on it. That it is not wholly destroyed is because the tariff is not con- firmed, and the merchants have just kept it together by sending abroad the stocks they had in hand before the duties were imposed. Merchants will not have their transactions dragged before the public eye, or we could give figures and quantlties which would make many a protectionist, who has said " Down with the merchant," just as others wanted to drive the squatters across the Murray with their own stock whip, hold his breath for a space. The business is the mere ghost of what it was. Foreign buyers - whose name was legion have absebted themselves from this market, nor can the advantages we afford - cheap clothing and drapery goods, freshly and per- fectly manufactured to be eminently fit and saleable, coats, jackets, trousers, capes, vests, shirts, women's underclothing, and crino lines, all of the better quality (for low class goods are not made here) - attract when adverse duties threatened to swallow profits. At one time it was a favourite Ministerial argument that soft goods could be bought in bond, but experience has thrown that to the winds. Not one-tenth of the goods purchased could be sold in the bale. It is of their nature that the buyer must select for himself, and hence what is called an "open" trade. In the larger warehouses the buyer can walk round a full mile of counter, on which assorted goods, compris- ing every article of clothing or dress orna- ment, and every trifle of the toilet for men and women, are laid out for inspection. To have all this in bond would require dupl- cate warehouses, clerks, assistants, portors, and all. One house has established a bond on Its own premises for bale goods only, but only to save the interest on cash paid for duty, and it has proved a great inconveni- ence, if not loss. Moreover, buyers for the other colonial markets, being unable to get one class of goods at a profit, decline to take any other either. They go to Sydney, and our colonial industry is thus forcibly limited to our own demands, to the detri- ment of our shipping and our port. Every warehousing firm has the same tale to tell of foreign customers who have not ventured here since the tariff began, or else have with- drawn by letter. Here is a letter from a Hobart Town firm to L. Stevenson and Sons, selected at random. After alluding to the new duties, it states : "Surely your public men could not be in their senses to advocate that which will be most detrimental to the interests of the commerce ofVictoria. What is to become of your export trade In soft goods? You have hitherto supplied the colonial markets with a large portion of their wants, but your present tariff has settled all this for the present, and the result will be that our orders will go to Sydney. .. Our orders will certainly go there; for under the existing tariff in Victoria, added to our own, we should find that your goods cost us rather too much. We don't hear that you contemplate any drawback .... in fact that would be almost impossible... Are you prepared to close your accounts with the colonies ?" And so on. Back, too, have come the com- mercial travellers of our firms with such state- ments as that made a few days since by Mr. Hunter, traveller for the above-mentioned firm. He said he had travelled from one end of New Zealand to the other, and could only do one- fourth the trade for which arrangements had been made, and that one-fourth only in articles which his em- ployers had had In stock before the duty came, or else they waived the duty to clear out the goods. One reply fitted all attempts to push business - whatever was touched by these odious Victorian duties was refused. The other day a Launceston firm actually sent back a £250 case of silks, and the exporting firm had to pay double duty on the return. The worst is, that it is on these "open" goods that the Victorian manufacturers are em- ployed, so that directly old stocks fail they will feel the loss of custom. Even now many hands would be discharged from the factories but for the doubt in which matters stand. Need more be said against the tariff? Need we dilate upon its extraordinary inequalities \- how the moleskins, pea coats, thick woollon hose, and cheap hats pay three or four times as much as the dearer article, because they occupy more space, and it is the dearer article which is of Victorian manufacture. There is no vlew of the case which does not show that the tariff protects nothing, while it is a powerful agent for injustice in taxation and the suppression of the industries free trade has given us. (To be continued.) 