MAURITIUS. Via ADELAIDE, 21st October. The Wolverine which arrived last evening brings dates from Mauritius to the 17th September. The papers contain an account of a frightful murder committed on a planter named Frederick Dalais. Seventeen Indians, his own servants, had been arrested on suspicion. The Leonidas had arrived from Sydney and the A. H. Badger from Valparaiso, the latter with a cargo of flour. There were loading the Sea Nymph and barque Coorong for Adelaide; Pioneer, for Auckland, aHd Emma, for Otago. Our Melbourne correspondent writes-"An im pression prevails in well-informed political circles that Mr Miller's proposition for a conference with the Assembly, in reference to the existing constitu tional difficulties between the two Houses, is likely to-be supported by a majority on Tuesday next, and if so, it is understood that there is a disposition on both sides to give way BO far. as to allow of some quiet and reasonable settlement. Ministers begin to see that the longer the difficulty lasts the more se rious becomes their position, and are not sorry of an opportunity of escape. Our Melbourne correspondent writes-" Rose of Denmark is now first favorite for the Cup, but more knowing ones seem inclined to think that her stable companion, Angler, will have a better place. There is an on dil that Poet fell one or two days ago while taking his gallops. Some are particularly sweet on Minstrel, but his style of going is unsuited to the distance. Songster is much thought of, especially by his friends from the other side, but the weight is greatly against him. Riverina has her backers, and has arrived from Deniliquin, where she has been taking her gallops under the generalship of Mr M'Kenzie. Charles Albert, which two weeks ago was looked upon as an outsider, has now many friends. Toryboy is not looked upon as a rank duffer, but as one which has a ghost of a chance. It is said that Musidora will come to the post pounds better than she has ever been before, and, if 60, she will give some of them their work to do. Never before has such different opinions existed about the winner of a Melbourne Cup, and never before, I believe, have the odds changed in so short a period." The number of passengers arrived at the port of Melbourne by sea for the week ending Saturday, 21st October, amounted to H7, of which number 223 were from the neighboring colonies, 220 from the United Kingdom, and 4 from foreign ports. 