SOUTH AUSTRALIA. We have Adelaide papers to the 14th instant. As to the Harvest prospects in South Australia, the Register of that date writes :— ' Mr. Walter Thomsoa, of O'HaUoran Will, a well-known and experienced fanner, has just returned to Adelaide from ft journey extending through portions of the northern, southern, and south-eastern districts, and he has kindly supplied us with the following information, founded upon his impression, of the present state of the crops in the agricultural localities through which he has passed. He states that between Truro to. Tanunda a good average yield may be anticipated, and that between Tanunda and Lyndoch Valley the crops also promise well. Between Lyndoch Valley and Gawler the ap pearance of the fields about a. week ago was favour able, but about a mile from the tatter place Mr. Thom son, in one section, collected in his grasp a handful, which upon examination, in the presence ef Mr. Cave, he found to consist of twenty rusty and eight sound stalks. At Smithfield the harvest gives indications of being both late and fight. In the south and south-eastern portion of his tour, Mr. Thomson was accompanied by Mr. Thomas, of Kooringa, who, as our readers have been informed, has been engaged by the Agricultural and Horticultural Society to collect for purposes of analysis specimens of soil in different parts of the colony. Theystarted from O'Halloran Hill, where the crops are fair, although not exempted from the plague of buck rust, and proceeded in the first instance to Clarendon. Here toe hopes of the farmers are being blighted through the ravages of .the take-all disease. The harvest in Dashwood's Gully will suffer still more severely from the time cause. At Bill's Greek, ' Echunga, and the neighbourhood, it has been more extensively destructive, and at Mount Barker, the terminus of informant's journey, it is 'beginingto carry off the crops, although, with this exception, their appearance u good. Mr. Thomas was joined .in. this part of the country by Mr. John Frame, who did what he could to further the object he had in view, and subsequently accompanied him to town, whence he started yesterday en route to Gumeraeha and the adjacent localities. Although Mr. Thomson did not visit ihe Strathalbyn Plains or the country surround ing Woodsidc, he informs us that he has it on good authority that the take-all disease is doing havoc in the former place, and that in the latter it is fully worse than at Mount Barker. With regard to the yield of wheat generally, however, his estimate is not unfavour able, as he calculates that it will only average from a bushel to a bushel and a half less than hut year. The opinion he has formed respecting the hay crop is that it will be from a quarter to a third lighter than in the harvest of 1864. The barley in the direction of Tanunda is very good. That product, it appears, is not affected by rust, although amenable to the take-all disease. Mr. Thomson holds strongly to the view that late sowing is one of the most effectual remedies against rust. He wishes it to be distinctly understood, with respect to the information given above, that it is impossible to count upon the yield as yet, so much depending upon the weather during the next two or three weeks. DreTsrouMs. — Accounts have 'reached Adelaide of yery violent dust storms which have prevailed throughout the whole extent of the North, and which to a certain degree have been general all over the colony. The first occurred on Friday, the 6th instant ; and we are informed by Mr. George Marchant, who has just returned from the North, that bo thick and blinding were the clouds of dust raised that it took him eight hours to traverse the distance between Eagless's Station and Kanyaka (sixteen miles), and that during the period of fully an hour he was utterly unable to see the earth while sitting on .horseback. The same gentleman informs us that at 7 o'clock on the following. Sunday morning a furious wind approached Arkaba from the North, accompanied by dust equalling in quantity that which had infested the air on the previous occasion. This continued until 1 o'clock, when without any perceptible lull it veered round to the south-west and blew with almost uninterrupted force until 4 o'clock in the afternoon. The gale occasioned some damage to the verandah of the house and the roof of the woolshed at Arkaba ; but at Kanyaka, 130 miles farther south, its effects were more destructive. The whole of the northern side of the hotel roof was carried away, the stable was swept clean of every vestige of its former contents, and some galvanized iron was whirled as far as 400 or 500 yards away. The store at Black Jack was also partially unroofed, and to prevent further injury its covering had to be weighed down with stones and logs. Mr. Marchant was also credibly informed that a waggon loaded with three tons of goods was driven a distance of eight yards by the impetus of the storm. A letter from TTmberatana of date October 4 indicates that these etorms, or at least one of them, had been felt there. The writer says: — 'Since writing you last the weather has been much the same as when you were here. We have had two light showers since, and the rain seems to have done very little good, with the exception, perhaps, of freshening up the bushes, there being no signs of grass ? We have had a very severe dustetorm ; it gave me a fright, as I made sure the woolshed roof would have been carried away. It took the whole of the iron off the harness-room — frame and all — and carried it down fifty yards in front of the store, took several sheets of iron off another house, and the loose sheets that were stored up against the end of the store were blowing about like so many pieces of paper.' The Abohioikes ilf the Fab North. — The Register learns that the natives are continuing their depreda tions to the north-eastward in the direction of Messrs. Price and Beetson's runs, and near Tooth's Knob. The abandonment of stations is still being proceeded with. The Natives and the Police. — By a letter from Umberatana, we learn that an engagement had taken place between the police and the aborigines, in which one of the Utter was killed and two captured. The writer says : ' On Sunday, September 30th, there seems to have been a great row at Mount Freeling. Police-troopers Pointer and Gason came do wn on the niggers in a creek below the station, and managed to capture Mrs. Forbes and Parrallana Jacky. Parrallana Tommy was shot, and all the others got away. It was a splendid haul, most of those whom warrants were out for being there. Tommy, after receiving three bullets in the body, would not give in then ; but Gsson managed to get his hands on him. It appears quite a miracle that none of the whites were hurt. Tommy lived about an hour and then died. They say his Bufferings were very bad. There appears to have been a good many blacks there. the lubree did all they could to frighten the horses while the police were trying to catch the prisoners. The next job, it appears, will be an inquest. They will have some difficulty to get jurymen in this part of the world. I only hope you may be here before that takes place. The troopers wanted horse- feed, but I told them I was eorry I had none for them ; so they were obliged to paddock their horses for the night. We had the two prisoners chained do wn in the kitchen, and the troopers slept with them. I do not think they will stand a ghost of a chance of getting away.' CbbbaxExtobts. — The export of breadstuff} daring the week ended October 7th included — Wheat, 2886 quarters ; flour, 828j. tons ; bran and pollard, 20 tons. Iktehcolowial Eiple Match. — The nfle match arranged some time since between twenty Somth .Aus tralian Volunteers and twenty of the Volunteers in New South Wake took, place at the .Butts on the South Park Lands on Tuesday, October 10th. The weather during a greater portion of the shooting was very windy, and eonsequently the firing was on the whole not very' good. The' distances were 200, 300, 500, and 600 yards, and seven rounds at each dis tance; and the total score .made was 1181 points, being an average of 59 1-20 points per man. — S. A. Bcgiater. Shobt Commons ! — The Adelaide Express of the 13th says : — Whether mankind will have to be put upon halfrations during 1868 is not yet quite clear, but certainly there is as little prospect of a cheap loaf* as of a cheap leg of mutton. In South Australia an average wheat harvest cannot now be expected, and our neighbours will not be so far favoured as to enable them to dispense with assistance from this colony. In some localities there are good crops ; but in many places the young wheat is very thin, and not unfrequently dis eased, whilst whole sections will be eaten down by cattle, being too light to pay either for reap ing or mowing. To make bad worse, whilst it appears not unlikely that the world will have to submit to short commons as respects bread, things will not be much better as regards meat. The price of meat in Adelaide is too well known to require pointing out ; but it is not merely in. South Australia that meat is dear. The same complaints come over the border and round the coast, from victoria and New South Wales, whilst the Riverina papers publish doleful reports of lack of moisture and scarcity of feed. Goyder or no Goyder, it is just the same ; dear meat where runs are cheap as well as where they are more highly rented. ? ' 