TOW and country news MUKicirxr, Council.— Tho usual forteiiiriitly meeting of tho Cily Mttnicip.il Council was 1 I 'l l at the Towa Hull on Monday aflernooD. There ware present, tho Mayor (Mr. Woods) in tho chair, Aldormcn Storl, Kipjmx, Raphael, Down, Macintosh. Small, Murphy, Hurley, Spocr, Carnhor, Oatloy, Hulhorland, llutlor, Moore, Sutton. The business transacted was unimportant. Pom' AND Cowl' Ml. — A lecture, in connection wilh tho Filt-atrocl Young Mcn'o Mutual Improvement Society was delivered on Tuesday evening, in tho Temperance Ilall, hy the ltcv. John Graham, on ' The poets Pope, and Cowpor, a parallel and a contrast.' The lecture was well rociived. Tea M Minis' o, — AsrWal tea mooting was hold onTuoai ly ' evening, in llic Primitive Methodiat Chanel, Kent- street. After 111 ci too, a public meeting was held, and addresses wore delivered hy the Chairman (Mr. Armatrong), the lleva. J. Studds, J. H. Daah, G. Jamoa, B. Kenny, J. Sbaipe, and others. A collection on behalf of the mission fund was uiado at tho close of the proceedings. Conctut. — A concert of secular music came off last night in the schoolroom adjoining St. Barnabae'a Church, Parramatta-Blrcct. There waa a very nurnorous attend ance, and the audience appealed to he highly delighted with tho entertainment. The concert was given in aid of tho funds inquired for the erection of tho new achoolrooma. Deputation of Bay Buyviis.— In compliance with an application from the growera of produce forwarded by the railway, Iho Minister for Works a few daya ainco directed that a change should be made in the manner of weighing tho hay pent by rail, that in future it should he weighed in tho railway trucks, and not as 'hitherto in tho carts after being unloaded. The growera had complained of having list considerably hy waste under tho previous arrangement. On 14th instant, a deputation of hay buyers, consisting of tho Mayor of Sydney (Mr. Wooda), Mr. Martyn, Mr. Bncbtn Thomson, Mr. Cnrtis, and Mr. R. Guy, waited upon Mr. Smart for the purposB of requesting that the formor plan might bo reverted to, on tho ground that the weighing of the hay in the trucks occasioned them a great deal of additional trouble, bosides the risk attending the taking delivery in tho yard. Mr. Smart informed the deputation that bo had decided on allowing tho hay to he weighed in the (rucks on coming into iho yard, and that ho was not disposed to interfere with that arrangement until it had bad a fair trial. Madame Bushelle'b Concekt.— The first concert given by this talented lady since her return to Sydney took place at tho Masonic Hall on Monday, bofore a numorous and extremelv fashionable audience. The programme con sisted of some of the choicost vocal and instrumental inor eeaux from tho moat popular operas, and sovoral difficult compositions by other authors, sufficient to test to the ut most the capabilities of the lady and gentlemen amateurs, (pupils of Madamo Bushellc), by whom they were with one exception, executed. The first part opened with a chorus of ladies, who at first displayed a little of the ner vousness consequent upon their first appearance^ in public, but this soon wore off. A duet and a solo, ' Tho Desert Waste ' followed. The fourth item of tho programme was the well-known sacred aria from the ' Creation,' ' With verdure clad,' which was very nicely sung hy a lady possessing a voice of more than usual sweetness and power, and only lacking cultivation to take high rank in our musical world. Being encored, sho sang *' My heart is sad ' very sweetly. The lady who foilowod fairly carried off the honours of tho evening. Sho sang the contralto aria, 'Ah s'estinto, ' with euch taste, feeling, and brilliancy as would have done credit to any professional that has been hoard in (his city. It was a treat to hear such a voice— clear as a bell in the upper notes, beautifully soft in the lower, and used with such nice appreciation as to deserve ft hearty encore, to which she responded by singing ' The Exile, ' by Kellow. The next noticeable mature was a pianoforte solo by a very young lady, whose playing gives promise of rare excellence. Tho solo end chorus, 'Per non istare, ' closed the first portion of the programme. The second part opened with the recitative and aria, ' Oh, Patria, ' and ' Di lanti palpiti,' from Tanoredi, sung by Madame Bushelle in the most srtistio manner, and with a finished execution consonant with her high repu tation. The dnet ' II Rival ' was well sung hy two gentlemen' amateurs, as was also ' Sweet form,' from ? Lurline, by Mr. Jackson, who was encored, and sang ' My heart's first home.' A scene from Der Freischutz, hy a lady, was not without merit, tbpugh marred by an effort to accomplish too much. 'Savourneen dbeelisb' was exquisitely rendered and deservedly applauded. Tho cavatina 'Robert toique j'airne' was also received with much favour. While it would be unfair to criticise too closely an entertainment so strictly amateur, it isonlyjast to all concerned — to teacher and pupils— to say that every thing passod oil most creditably. The singing, aB a whole, was good— some that we have mentioned particularly so, and the manner in which Madame Bushelte performed the duties of accompanyist loft nothing to he desired in that portion of (bo entertainment. Mb. A. Cane's School— Recitations.— An enter tainment, modestly described as ' Recitations,' was given by the pupils at Mr. Alfred Cane's school, in Stanley-street, on Thursday evening last, at which a large number of ladies and gentlemen wero present. The programme fixed upon consisted of throe pieces : — Tho comedietta- ' a rough diamond,' a laughable nigger burlesque, entitled ' W bar's your ticket ? ' and the extravaganza of ' Aladdin, or the Wonderful Scamp.' Besides these pieces, which were very cleverly sustained hy the hoys, there was a prologue, into which several pieces were introduced. The young gentlemen evinocd a considerable amount of histrionic talent, snd had evidently studied eloeulion to some purpose, by the clear ness and spirit with which they expressed themselves. The 'Slim Jim' of Master Lambert, and 'Brudder Bones' of his friend Master Wiley, were genuine and racy imper sonations. Martin Johnson as Genius of the ring in ' Aladdin,' was also pronounced to be very good. Volunteer Autillehy.— The sixth annual general meeting of No. 2 Battery was held on Tuesday, at Hyde rark Barrseks ; about forty members were present— Cap- tain P. L. C. Shepherd in the chair. The minutes ef the Inst meeting having been, confirmed, and the report for too current year read and adopted, the chairman reviewed at some length the progress of the battery from the time of its formation, and congratulated tho members on its present flourishing condition, and the bright prospects before it. Ho stated that the Artillery had been kept in the badeground in consequence of a spirit of antagonism which had existed /until recently in the minds of many constituting the corps ; bat happily this feeling had quite broken down, snd he believed that the general deBire was to work together, heart and band, Id promote the efficiency and enhance the strength of this most desirable arm of the service. He hoped shortly to see the six batteries in Sydney formed into a consolidated brigade. The new regulations .which would soon he in foroe limited the strength of each battery to eighty men, it would, therefore, be necessary to reduce No. 2 Battery (which now numbered 160 members) to that limit, and he earnestly impressed upon the members the necessity of attending to their various duties. The falling off in attendance at public reviews was not attributable to any want of interest; but from the fact that it waa now nearly five years since '? ihe majority of uniforms had been issued, and that they .were in, . such a worn and tottered condition as to be quite unfit to wear at parade. The band, which had struggled hard and kept together notwithstanding tho manv difficulties which nad surrounded it, was deserving of all praise, and would be formed into a brigade band simultaneously with tho battery. Mr. Prince had recontly been appointed band- . master, snd tinder his able direction a marked improvement i was already perceptible. Mr. Cork, who had been iudefati- i gable all along, had not abated his exertions, and to hiin the thanks of the batteiy wore especially due ; for.the past ten months the band had been without a bandmaster, and ? Mr. Cork had during tho whole of that time performed the duties with his usual energy. He (the chairman) congratu ? lated the battery and the volunteer artillery generally, on having secured the services of so thorough- and able an instructor as (Sergeant Scott; and trusted that his ability and skill would be properly appreciated and acknowledged. A ballot was then taken for the oommittee for the ensuing yean when the following ? members were . declared duly elected : — Captain Dymock, Messrs. H. Dean, E. W. .Gordon, J. Sutton, T. Proctor, T- Drinkwater, :G. Hirst, P. Talbot, and II. Dally ; and G, Sutton and R- J. Ains worih As auditors. A handsome silver enp which had boon presented by Captain Dymoofe, to be shot for, was then presented to the winner, gunner George, which terminated tbo kutinoss of the evening. . Acstbalasian Missions.— A public meoting in furtherance of the objects of the Australasian Wealeyan Mis sionary Society was hold on Wednesday, in the Wesloyan Church, Dowiing-stroet, Woelloomooloo. The church was comfortably filloa. The proceedings were similar in character to thoee conducted in the principal chapel of the circuit a short time ago, and a report of the society's operations has already been published in tliis journal. The Revs. W . Taylor, 6. Rations, W. Cumow, J. N. Manning, and other gentlemen took part in the service. A collection was re ceived in aid of the hinds. Newtown Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associ ation.— The second half-yearly soiree was held on Monday evening, tho 18th instant, in tho Wesley an School rooms, Newtown. There was a very good attendance, the room hong well filled. The president of the association (Rev. J, Oram), took the chair. The secretary (Mr. A. W. FalUck) read the report, which stated that the associ ation in its name had undergone a slight change, the term Wesloyan being left out, it 1b now ' The Newtown Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association. During the first quarter of the past half-year the association was not so encouraging as was hoped, but latterly has shown cou . siderable improvement and an increase in members. Essays had 'been road on ' Perseverance,' 'The Life of Luther,' ' Recreation,' ' Tho Life of. the Duke of Wellington.' Discussions on tho following subjects: — ' Has man ever had the power to forgive sin, ' Is predes tination a doctrine of the Holy Scriptures,' ' What is the tcaohing of scripjhto respecting food.' Debates : ' Is Capital Punishment justifiable,' 'la the character of Napoleon 'Bhbnapafto-WoVlhy ofaduiiration,' 'Was the treatment ! of ithsHurilans l by the Church of England justifiable,'! There had also been Scripture readings, mis collaueous ^readings and aecitatlons. Essays were read by Mr. A . Wilsbh on ' Perseveraaoe,'— by Mr. A. Wostlcy on 'Recreation.' The following recitations wore given : 'An Orator's First Speech in Parliament,' 'The Down fall of Poland,' 'The Leper,' '.Mary, the Maid of the Inn,' 'What is Time.' 'The Bridge of Sighs.' Dialogue, 'fiir E. Mortimer and Wilford.' Reading, ' The Majesty of tho Redeemer,' hy Mr. J. Day, and the following selections of musto were song, viz. : Zion, Bing ye Redeemed,' ' Hymn of Eve,' ' Tho Ghost ' (by desire), Mr, G, Russell; 'The Blacksmith's Son,' Mr, Hurdakdr,' ' Thanksgiving and Blowings.' ' SCOTCII ClIlTlL'II, WOl.l.ONOONO. — PEEgBYTEUY OF iLi.AWARnA.— Amscling of the Illawarra Preabytery fork place in the Presbyterian Church, Wollongong, on Wednes day the I3lh iqplaul. Present: the Rev. W. Grant, M. A., the Rev. John Kinross, of Kiama; the.Rsv. William Mitchell, M.A., and a number of representative elders trim the surrounding district. The Rev. William Grant acted as moderator, and the Rev. J. Kinross as clerk. The court having been duly constituted, tho prooeedings of the farmer meeting held m Sydney after tho Union were read end agreed to. Tho first case brought' before the court was ono by the church committee of Wollongong, relative to a sum of £200 granted hy Government for the purpose of building ft manse in connection with tho Presbyterian church of Wollongong. Tho Court agreed that the papers connected with this im portant transaction should lie on the table until their noxt meeting, so that they might the bettor determine what should be done on this much vexed subject. A report from Dapto was then laid before tho court, relative to an outrage committed in the Presbyterian Denominational schoolthore, by a pei son representing himself to bo a clergyman, and a member of the Board of Education in Sydney. ? The court considered this case beyond their jurisdiction, but suggested that Mr. John Thomson, the teacher of that school, ought to report the matter to Sydney in order to obtain redress. Mr. Blue, a eatechist at the Macquorio River, requested the Presbytery Ito examine lum in Greek and ecclesiastical history, with a view to his being ultimately admitted as a regular preacher. The Rev. William Mitchell being seriously indisposed, the oourl arranged that he should not preach for two or three sabbaths, so that he might havo time to recover from his painful illness. Tho Rev. John Kinross, of Kiama, would preach at Wollongong on the 24th instant. The Rev. William Mitchell then stated to the court that his kirk session was not'complctc at present. It was then arranged that an asaesor should be appointed by the Presbytery in the meantime, ao as to form a seBuion, and that the con gregation would have ample time to fill up the vacancy ia the session. This completed the business of the day. The Rev. William Grantthcn pronounced the blessing, and the court adjourned. — Communicated. Improvement of the Haymauket Reserve.— A meeting of tho householders and residents in the neighbour hood of the Uaymarkot was ljeld on Monday, at the Burran gong Hotol, George-street South, 'to consider tho propriety of petitioning the Municipal Council to expedite the long premised improvements at the Haymarket, and other matters connected therewith.' There were from thirty to forty gentlemen present. Mr. O'Neil was oallod to tho chair. The following resolutions were unanimously agreed toby the meeting: — Mr. E. Tighe proposed, and Mr. Lenohan seconded, the first resolution, — 'That it is tho opinion of this mpeting the time hsa now arrivod when tome united and energetic action be taken by the inhabitants of Sydnoy to preBs upon the Municipal Council tho immediate neoossity ol com mencing the long contemplated improvements on the Haymarket Reserve.' The second resolution was sub mitted by Mr. Glasson and seconded by Mr. Hunt, ' That a committee be appointed by this nioeting to prepare a petition to tho Municipal Council praying them to tako im mediate action in 'this matter; and that such committee consist of Messrs. O'Neil, I^sehy, Tigho, Smith, and Hordem, and the mover, with power to add to their number.' The third resolution was moved by Mr. Lenehsu, and seconded by Mr. LoBeby* It was to the following effect :— ' That when the petition is approved by the committee copies of it be printed and circulated for signature, and that when completed the committoo, or any pertion of them, form thcmsolves Into a deputation and wait upon the worshipful the Mayor, and present the same without delay, and also copies of these resolutions.' Other resolutions of a routine character were also brought forwurd and agreed. Walgett, December 10.— A correspondent writes : — During the lost month we have been visited with occa sional thunder showers ; but on account of tho country being so parchod up, wo require three or four days heavy rain to do us any benefit; consequently, these showers have availed us but little, except in cooling the air. Our police have been out for tho lost throe weeks in pursuit of Thunderbolt, and, after scouring all the book creeks, re turned, without any success, with their horses nearly done up. Immediately on their return from the back crooks sergeant [Flynn and constable Drako, freshly mounted, pro ceeded to the Commerawa Creek,)and came upon the camp of the notorious Dunn. After an exciting chase of five miles, darkness came on, and he escaped. Dunn had his horse hanging up, saddled and bridled, and immediately the police cams in Bight of the camp, sprang into the saddle and galloped off. The police have Dunn's mate, a tele graph, in custody, who givcH his name as Burfotd, _ The latter is safely lodged in Walgcst lockup, and will bo brought before tlic magistrates to-morrow. Dunn has been brcaking-in horses, for the last three months, under tbo name of 8tricklsnd. The Weather. — Writing on the 13th instant from Wellington our correspondent says : — The few showers we have had since ihe breaking of the drought, although in sufficient to provide a supply of herbage for slock, have en abled several of the fanners in tho vicinity who feared the total failure of their wheat to secure about half a crop, and in a few instances more than half a crop. A refreshing shower fell laBt Sunday, about 2 p.m., foUowed-by hail, which proved rather destructive to the grapes where (he foliage was thin. Street Accident. — A horse attached to a gig bolted from Brickfield- bill on Saturday afternoon, galloping in the direction of George-street North. When the frightened animal reached Market-street and was turning the oomor, it fell down and npset the vehicle, The man who was in it was thrown out, and suffered some injuries on his head. It is said that he was not sober at the time. The gig wps considerably damaged, but lbs horse was not much hurt. 1 Cricket.— Albert 2nd Eleven v. National 2nd Eleven. — A match between those two elevens was played on the Domain ground, on Saturday, with the following result . — ALBERTS. Armitage, l.b.w., b. Park ... ... ... 10 Waddy, c. Thompson, b. Park ... ... * Anderson, c. b. Pork ... ... ... 10 Goddard, c. Brown, b. Park ... ... 10 Coatcs, yon out, b. Park ... ... ... 0 Love, b. Kewcombc ... ... ... 0 Means, b. Newcombc' ... ... ... 3 Gordon, b. Park ... ... ... ... 0 Aldis, not out ... ... ... ... 2 Vivian, b. Pork ... ... ... ... 4 Walker, b. Park ... ... ... ... 14 1 Byes 1, wides 4, no balls 1 ... ... 6 ' — 0T NATIONALS. Park, st. VVaddy, c. Aldis ... ... ... 11 Bhcppard, given up ... ... ... 16 Jones, c. Goddard, b. Aldis ... ... I Driver, c. Waddy, b. Aldis ... 8 Neale, D. Goddard ... ... ... 10 A. Jones, run out, b. Aldis .... ... 0 Clarke, c. Anderson, b. Goddard ... ... I Aylward. l.b.w., b. Aldis ... ... ... 1 ' New com he, b. Aldis ... ... ... 8 Mylce, not out ... ... ... ... 0 Grace, b. Aldis ... ... ... ... 0 Byes 1, widen 8 ... ... ... 9 — 63 Street Accident.— A buggy and another vehicle canto into collision in George-street, near the corner of Goulbum street, at about 5 o'clock on Tuosday afternoon. A gentleman was thrown out ol the buggy, and was apparently very much hurt. The buggy was broken by the oollision. There is a large embankment of earth in the middle of the street, and the thoroughfare in /hat part is consequently very narrow. . . . United Temperance Alliance. — This society held their usual weekly meeting, in the Hebrew schoolroom, Pitt street Mr. Kirk occupied the choir, and opened the meeting by colling upon nil to consider what might be brought before them'. Mr. Sutton then addressed the meeting, showing the great evils because of the use of. drink, and also showing the benefits of tho use of cold water. Mr. Macgregor, Mr. liarnard, Mr. Guest, aud Mr. Buclyau also addressed the meeting. Mr. Guest, chairman of the society, announced that four gentlemen had joined the society since lost meeting, thus showing the progress of the society. , National School Excursion. — The Fort street Model National School held their annual.fcte on Tuesday at (he Balmoral Gardens, Middle Harbour. The steamers Breadalhane and Vesta were chartered for the occasion, and made two trips each, conveying upwards of 1000 children and about 500 visitors to the seene of festivities. A finer day for an excursion could not have been desired, a oool north-east wind tempering what would have otherwise been a very hot atmosphere, and afforded an opportunity for pur suing the outdoor sports with comfort. Upon arriving at the wharf at Middle Harbour, tho children were marched up from the landing- place to the grounds under the super intendence of their several teachers, who carried out the arrangements under the supervision of Mr. AUpass and Mr. 'Wilkins with the utmoBt satisfaction, hot a single accident having occurred to mar the day's enjoyment. Upen being dismissed the children were not slow in commencing opera tidw- Bats, football, swings, &c.;, were produocd with alacrity, and with the merry-go-round, which was erected on the ground, abundant amusement was offered for all. M intervals during the day the youngsters were regaled with cake, buns, and sandwiches, to which they did ample justice, the sea breeze, coupled with their exercise on the turf, giving them an appetite, whereby the plentiful supply ef viands was considerably lessened. During the afternoon a concert took place, the pupils, under the conductorshin of Mr. Chizlett, sang several pieces of music very creditably, eomo of the voices being particularly sweet. The excur sionists, who had availed themselves of the opportunity to visit this delightful bay, were well pleased with their trip, if we can judge from the pleasant faoes that were assembled round the various ' spreads ' under trees. Tho German band was in attendance and played selections of dance mueic in a large pavilion, where the votaries of Terpsichore enjoyed themselves to their hearts' oontent. About dusk tho last of tho visitors left, aud this quiet spot was again left in solitude. During the trip home a lottery-bag was pro duced to the no small delight of the lucky recipients of prizes, whioh consisted of toys, pinoushions, &c.; The Newtown Amateur Christy's Minstrels.— This company made their first appearance on Tuesday evening, in the NewtoriB School of Arts, bofore a large audience. The programme, consisting of the usual songs and comic soenes, was gone through very creditably, those most worthy of remark being — ' I long for my home In Ken tuck,' ' Massa's in do cold ground, 'TimFinnigan's wake (encored), a Prize Jig (encored), Electro-Biology,: and the Nervous Cures. The entertainment was brought to a conclusion about half- past 10 by the negro farce of ; ' De ball's goby; on,' the oharaoter of Slim JTiBlfcetllgjRlS* tained by Mr. Clifford in ? very able manner. The oonoert , was given in aid of the Band Fund -et the St, Geoige'fl - Volunteer Rifles, . ; - . . Free Church of England Mutual Improvement Society.— A literary and musical entertainment in con nection wilh the aljovo institute tool: place on Tuesday last, in (he school- room, Bourke-atreet. The programme, whioh waa very varied, was gone through in. a very creditable manner, and appeared to give satisfaction to (he audionoe. The duet, 'What aro the wild waves saying F' sung by MiBS end Master Slcnncr, was deservedly encored. A solo on the pianoforte, by Miss Mathews, received a like oom pliment. The songs, 'Tho monks of old,' aud 'Come into the garden, Maud,' hy Messrs. Neild and Newberry, were much applauded. Several readings and recitations were also delivered, (lie most noticeable of which were the 'Battle of ?Waterloo,' by Mc. H. Driver, and a comic piece infilled, 'A cheap dinner,' by Mr. F. H. Pegus, which was warmly applauded. The entertainment was brought to a conclusion shortly oftor 10 o'clock. — Commit- nicairi. Peehiivterian Church op New South Wales.— The Presbytery of Sydney met on lVodnee dsy,in St, Andrew's Church for Ihe purposeof ordaining the ltcv. John Johnson, a probationer labouring in the district of Braidwood, to the ministry. A large congregation assembled at the ceremony. The Rev. James Milwo preached the ecrtnoB, the Moderator (Rev. Adam Thomson) gave tho ordination, and tho Rev. Dr. Long addressed the people. The llcvs. J, DougslJ, Gordon, Stewart, end Patterson were also present. Govrbnment Land Sale — Our Liverpool corres pondent states thai there were 37 lots of tho Orphan School Estate offered for sale there cn Saturday last. They varied in size from 15 acres to C5 acres. Only some six fiereons were present, and the bidding was confined to throe ole, which were sold at the upeot price — two to Mrs. Simpson, end one of 19 acres 2 roods to Mr. Wilson. The country people, who might have been bnyera, knew nothing of the sale, it being advertiaed only in the Herald and Gautte. They never raw the notice of aalo, the paper roil by them being the weekly Mail, Temperance Meeting.— A teetotal meeting was held en Wednesday, at the TemperanocHoU, Pitt-street- in con nection withlbeNcw South Wales Alliance for tho Suppres sion of Intemperance and for tho Sooial, Moral, and Intel lectual Elevation of the People. Addressee suited to the occasion were delivered by the chairman (Rev. E. Robin eon), Mr. Callagban, Mr. Parry, and others. Mr. Wynne gave a recitation, and the proceedings wore also enlivened with selections of vocal and instrumental music. It was announced that the Hev. W, Taj lor would deliver a lecture on behalf of the society, at the Hull, Pitt- street, on Friday evening. Subject : ' Intemperance 4 its Evils and its Cure.' IV rsi, evan' School, Newtown.— Tho examination of (he children attending the Wesloj'an Day-school, at New town, usually held prior to the Christmas holidays, took place cn Wednesday. There was a numerous attendance of visitors, who manifested great interest in the proceedings. The examination was conducted by the Rov. Joseph Oram, Mr. Duulop (the master of the tchool), and Mr. Blanchard, and it was considered to bo in all respects most satisfactory. The subjects in which the children were exercised wore reading, dictation, writing, drawing, neodlowork, grammar, geography, arithmetic) (slate and mental), Euclid, ana Scripture history. The answers to (ho questions proved that tho children generally had attained a very creditable knowledge of the subjects named, while in Eomo the scholars showed a more than ordinary degree of proficiency. Tho girls' exhibition of needlework, and tho examination in Scripture history display special excellence. Some specimens of tapestry end of raised wool work in particular deserved the unqualified admiration with which they were regarded by all present. The deaignB, including sceneiy, fruit, flowers, ana animals, were ex tremely beautiful, and most of them were executed with artistic skill, the imitations both as to form and the blending of colours being very exact. There were some praiseworthy exhibits of croohct work, and tho plain sewing was con sidered by the ladies present to be exceedingly good. The needlework, tapestry, &c.;, wem done tinder the instruction of Mrs. Dunlop. There wore one hundred and forty-three of the scholars present, and the total number on the books is 168. The examination began at helf-pist 9 p' cloak, and ihe children did not leave the school before half-past 3 in the afternoon. Selections of school songs were rendered with much sweetness and effect by the scholars under the direction of Mr. Hatfield. There were intervals for refreshment, a bountiful repast having been provided through the liberality of gentlemen living in the neigbour hood. The prizes, which consist of a number of .useful and entertaining books elegantly bound, were subscribed for hy Mr. Holt, the Rev. Mr. Schoficld, and others. It is under stood that they will he awarded this morning at 10 o'clock. Before separating, the scholars gave throe hearty cheers for the gentlemen who had provided tho prizes and the refresh menl8. Sudden Death.— On Wednesday, the City Coroner held an inquest at Ashfield, concerning the death of Daniel Galvln, which occurred on Monday night. The evidence showed that deceased, who was forty-seven years of age, had been a drunkard until very recently, and that for the last fort night he had worked for a carpenter, at Ashfield, named Patrick M'Garvey. He was employed to sink a well. On Monday morning he complained of pains in his chest and back, a swelling of his stomach, and a difficulty of breath ing. He could neither eat nor drink; and to sit or to lie down was distressing to him. He got worse in the after noon, and he died at about 10 o'clock at night, without hav ing had medical advice. Dr. Aitkon saw deceased after death. He deposed that he had no doubt deceased died from on apoplectic fit, accelerated by intemperance and ex posure to the weather. The jury's verdict was an embodi ment of his testimony. Serious Loss or Gbass 11V Fire.— On several occa sions recently we have mentioned that owing to the scarcity of feed on many stations, especially in the Bland country, and in the direction of Albury, stockholders have availed themselves of ofieis to rent stations for the present season situated in the Alpine region, and which ore ever known to carry abundance of grass (auhoogh of a very coarse kind) throughout the whole of ihe summer months. The back country of the Tumut lies bees taken tip by thousands of sheep, 'and as many more would have been sent had there been room enourii. We now regret to bear that most destructive bush urea have taken place in the very heart of this pari of the country, asd timtiailes aud miles at herbage that would have kept life in the stock during this trying season have been destroyed. The last accounts state that tho fire was burning fiercely in many parte, and there was little hopo of it being extinguished until it had exhausted Itself, we can well imagine the dismay of the flockholders, who after having escaped the disasters of a long drought in one part of the country, will bo now driven from their asylum in the snowy mountains by the ravages of fire.-— Tats Courier, December 13. Bush Fires— For the past four days large bush fires have raged in the neighbourhoods of Lacmalac, Group, and Tabletop. That at Tabletop waa a very large one, and extended down to George Dunn's fence, but as watch was kept no injury to his property was sustained. We have heard that these fires have been lighted by the free selectors, for the purpose of driving off the sheep from the runs ; in fact, Mr. Rash, wilh his 12,000, left Gocup this week. If it be true that the bush was set on fire simply for selfish motives, we pronounce it a malicious act, for with the present dearth of herbage such incendiaries might, with as much justice, put a lighted match into a poor man's wheat stack. These fires having swept off every blade of grass, horses end cattle now stray for feed, and should they happen to trespass on some piece of unburnt pasture that happens to be private property, as a matter of coarse they are instantly impounded. Thus it will be seen that mora evils than one attend the firing of the bush. — Tumut Times, December 14. The Chinese Garden at Hay. — Like most towns of importance, we can boast of a vegotable garden, thanks to the indomitable perseverance of afew celestials. It isalmost a God- send that the fellows have bad the pluck to cultivate a patch of ground here; but for them, we do not know what Would have become of us this dry season. Jehu has not, however, been fortunate in his selection ; but, no doubt, made tho best of all the conflicting oircumstecoos which must guide ens in fixing upon a spot to cultivate. The garden is situated in tha township, aud is in extant about two acres, securely fenced by a brush and log fouce. The ground is within nigh water mark, and last year was for a time under water, previous to its bang occupied as a garden, Several luge gum-trees ornamented tho ground, and will be allowed to remain, for John is aware that he has no title to it further than sufferance. The earns knowledge prevents him from finishing a house partly built. Jobn has thrown out a platform from the perpendicular bank, and raises water to it from the river by windlass and bucket. Several tanks have been made in various porta of the garden, which are filled by the assistance of trenches leading from the platform. Constant care, witb the aaaistanoe of water and manure, contribute to the Chinaman's success in gardening —one day's neglect, and yourlabsur is lost. The blight has made considerable ravages amongst the cabbages and turnips, and the garden has lost much of its verdure since the hot winds set is in earnest, yet, in spite of all these, it is wonderful the amnuot of vegetation in this small enclosure. Cabbage, turnips, parsnips, carrots, onions, tomatos, Indian corn, &c.;, look remarkably healthy, No blight was viaiblo on the hardy red cabbage, wlu'oh, by-the-tye, makes an excellent pickle. John 00m plsinsthat his invested capital is not yet returned. At first start he had a considerable force of Celestials to assist, and as occasion requires ho has from two to fire hands engaged. Considerable difficulty lias been experienced with the opofBum, snd besides having a deg fastened to the foot of each tree, and at other vulnerable points, John has kept up a nrnning fire when the moon permitted, which may not have proved altogether a waste of powder— Riverine Ad vertiser, December 6. Glakmibe.— The Bathurit JTte Brett rots: — These diggings are reported to be improving. It is difficult, how ever, to ascertain with anything approaching to certainty the aotual yield of gold obtained weekly on the estate. Within the last week eerer&l; parties have been added to the popula tion there ; and the diggers generally state that ware ft net for the high prices of provisions (compared with the rates when the ground waa first opened) they should be doing tolerably well. One good sign ia, that out few Chinamen are leaving the spot. Lames Suckled by a Cow— A correspondent of the Muden Libml, at Louee, writes that at the residence of Mr. Martin Dungaree, there ia a heifer who in calving lost her calf, and singular to eay, die afterwards took to some motherless lambs, and is to beacon every day molding four of them with as mtteh love and cars as if they were her own, while a fifth stands by until one of the others ia satis fied, when it tushes in and seizes the abandoned teat. The cow is so fond of her adopted progeny that she oannot bear them out of her eight, If they happen to log behind a little, eke looks round and colls them, whan they imme diately scamper off after their adopted mother. When aha oomeehomeinthe morning, she goes to when the lam bs i s shut. up* sad will not ieeve tOl ihey in turned oat. Sheep-Shearing.— The Warwick correspondent of the Cfcuriw writes ' to that journal thru : — The conclusion of shoaling operations on roms of the stations has caused an infinx of rowdies, who perambuiMe tho town at all hours, affording the publicans their usual harvest at this season of the year. It is quite painful to see the reckless manner in which these hard-working but thoughtless men squander their earnings; tho future has; no care for them — the nemesis of dnnk holds universal iwav, so long as there is a shot in the locker; asd, u a natural conclusion, generally rewrite in some criminal prqject. You will see by our policc reports that a loafer who came into town on the even ing of the 18lb November oommilted a criminal assault upon a widow the night of the 19th. The fellow said he was drunk; and denied the charge ; the evidence was sufficiently clear to wan ant the opinion ot a jury, so he was oominiUsd for trial. Another cose is pending, which has its origin in the power of drink also. A carrier, who is noted for Btrict honesty in every shspo save when the temptation of liquor is put before him, ia laden up with goeds, amongst whioh H&ssril; and Opgpnt six casks bottled beer,althonghatiictly cautioned to put no drink in this roan's dray. The oarrier reaches the foot of the range, and there remains till cask after cask ia broached, and his carousal terminates with a fit of delirium tremens, and trial for embezzlement. Awfully Sudden Death. — A magisterial inquiry was held on Tuesday morning before Mr. J. H. Griffin, upon the body of Charles Lance, a son of Mr. Lance, living on the Clyde Road, about a quarter of a mile out of Braid wood, who died very suddenly a little after 6 o'clock the same morning under the following circumstances : — De- ceased was a carpenter and joiner, and was engaged in effecting some repairs to the building of the National School in Braidwood, Ha got np aa ubuiI a iittie before 6 o'clock that morning, and went out into the yard, and was away about » quarter of an hoar, when bis breakfast being ready, his father went out to call him in to it, when he discovered him lying with his head downwards in the waier-cluset, and en going up to him discovered ho waa dead. Hits parents stated that he was subject to epileptic file since he was sixteen years of ago. Throe wss some evideuce of his having at one time been addicted to drink, but he had for many years been very steady and most regular in his habits. ' The evidence of Dr. Fattison, who was called in, was to the effect that deceased had been seized with a fit, and had in consequence fallen forward off thereat, and stiuck his head in the foR against some hard suhatsnce, producing concussion, from which he had never rallied. Deceased wss a widower, aged thirty-seven years, and leaves two children. — Braidwood Dispatch. CHARGE OF CATTLE-STEALING. - Ambrose Blackford, sen., Ambrose Blackford, jun., and Adolphus Blackford (father and sons) were on Friday brought up, on remand, at the East Maitland police court, charged with stealing four head of cattle, the property of Mr. Brunker. Mr. Mullen appeared for the prisoners. The evidence previously given was to the effect that four head of cattle had been lost by Mr. Brunker out of a paddock on the Mount Vincent road, on Saturday, the 2nd instant. A day or two afterwards the hides of the animals lost were found at a butcher's shop kept by the prisoners, at Coorumbung, in the Brisbane Water district. Evidence was now given that on the 2nd instant the two younger prisoners were in East Maitland ; they left Mr. Miles's public-house about 10 o'clock at night ; the next morning they were seen driving four head of cattle between Mount Vincent and Coorumbung, by Samuel Side- bottom, William Beeves, and John Beeves : one of the two horses they rode was knocked up, apparently as it had been a long journey. William Beeves, who was in the habit of killing cattle for the prisoners, swore that he killed the cattle he saw the prisoners drive in — two on the Sunday, and two on Monday. All the prisoners were committed to take their trial at the next Maitland Circuit Court. Bail was applied for, but refused. — Maitland Mercury. The Weather and the Bush Fires.— Saturday's Maitland Mercury states that on Thursday and .Friday the bush within a few miles of Maitland, towards the south, Bouth-evst, and south-west, was observred to be on fire. Be tween Rothbury and Bishop's Bridge the fire appeared to be strongest, immense bodies of black smoke filling the air. The fires appeared to be veiy extensive, but we have not heard whether any damage baa been done to the houses, fences, or crops. There appeared indeed to be a series of fires ; and some of them were burning ao furiously that at noon yesterday the red glare of the flames was discernible on (he volumes of smoke, notwithstanding the intense brightness of the sunlight. It waa reported yesterday even ing (hat the fire had extended across the Great Northern Road, and was burning In the Rutherford paddock, in which the gunpowder magazine is situated ; but as no smoke appeared to be rising from that direction it was not gene rally thought to be correct ; from inquiries made of the police and others, we could not leam that it was trite. Should the fire have extended (0 the paddock, there is no danger to be apprehended, as the bush has been cleared for a considerable distance round the magazine. - In West Maitland we have had a week of hot weather, the heat in creating towards its close, and culminating yesterday, when the scorching rays of the sun and the gusts of hot wind, rendered hotter by bush foes, raging from the Sugarloaf Range to Lake Macqnaritj and coming nearer to the town than (hey have been seen for many years, made existence out of doors barely tolerable. Tkh sufferers by the late Boiler Explosion. — The Clarence and Richmond Bzaminer of (he 12th instant mentions that Meesra. Rickey and Young, who were re ceived-lnto the Grafton Hospital on the 20th October last, auffcitng from severe burns occasioned by the bunting: of the port bailer of (he Agnes being, have under the skilful treat meat of Dr. Smith, quite recovered. Young waa discharged on the. 19th of November, end has resumed his duties. Hickeyl whoee injuries were much greater, and who for some time lay in a dangerous state; was discharged from the hcspital -on Thursday last, cured, and left for Sydney hy the Bsuina, next morning. Death, from the Bite of a Snakb ? The Cambe watra correspondent of the Kiama Independent says : — It is with fc-elltgu of deep regret I have to report the particu lars of a death by snake-Lite. The victim was Catherine Nean, a girl about thirteen years old, daughter of Mrs. Hood, who occupies a farm on Good Dog Creek. She was bitten on Tujeaday evening, a tew minutes after sun down, when running along the bank of the creek, where a good many cabbage-tree logs are heaped up. As soon aa she screamed out, ner mother, conj rehiring what was wrong, ran with a cloth she happened to have in her hand, and hound it lightly round the leg above the bite, a little way above the liccL The reptile must have bitten fiercely, for blood was coming from both punctures. Mr. Hood imme diately cut the piece out, in his hurry catting it more deeply perhaps than wbb necessary. Before this conld be done, however, she had vomited. Within half on hoar the usual remedies were at hand, but, unfortunately, it was with considerable difficulty she could he prevailed upon to take either tha brandy or ammonia. In tha meantime aha was fast losing consciousness, and could with great diffi culty be kept awake, About 11 it was thought prudent not to persist in moving her about, as she was apparently lifeless. As a last resource small quantities of brandy and ammonia were dropped into her mouth, when she revived in a way that astonished ell present. Her eyes now, instead of being closed, were more than usually dilated. She did not seem able to recognise persons, but could answer ques tions seneiblv enough. At this stage. Dr. Reid came, re maining with her during the night. It was now thought that tneeflectof. the poison had been stayed and her re covery Only a matter of time ; but the result showed other wise. The three days following rite remained in a ooma toee state, repeatedly appearing to be getting bettor, and then again relapsing, til] at the close of the thiidday, within sr few minutes of the hour she was bitten, her suffer ings, which had bean acute, suddenly terminated in death. Severe Hailstorh at Tonabutta.— A correspon dent of the Wettern Pott writes to that journal as follows;: —About 3 o'clock on Monday evening, a terrific etorm burst over Tonabnlta, accompanied with heavy lightning and thunder. The hailstones were In soma instances as large as hen's eggs- On the east side of the Codgegong the trees not only were stripped of their leaves, but in many cases small leaves were out off. Many birds were found lying dead, apparently killed by hailstones. Daring thirty years' expericnoe of this oolony, our correspondent says, he never witnessed anything equal to the storm. The crops that were springing nioely have been washed completely out of the ground. The wheat crops have been severely damaged ; many irretrievably. The water in the Cudge gong was barely running in the morning, and in one hour after the etoiru began it was running halt-bank high. Destruction of Farm Produce by Hail.— Tha Western Pott ia informed that the severity of tha late hail squalls was felt far more a few miles from Mudgee than in the immediate locality. Mr. Green, of Green's Swamp, had ninety acres of wheat completely ruined, inso much that it is questionable whether the straw will be fit even for fodder. A gentleman who visited the paddock, describes it as if a roller had gone right over it from one end to the other, scarcely a head remaining standing. The lose, unfortunately, in this case folia upon an enterprising man, of limited means, and it is to be feared will prove a serious matter to him. Many other farms are said to have been similarly visited. Deaths among Cattle from eating Castor-oil Plant.— Numbers of cattle are dying in the vicinity of the town, not from want of food oT water : the mortality is generally attributed to their eating what is called the castor oil plant, which is very prolific in some localities. Lost year a number of cows belonging to persons residing in the town died from eating this plant. Numbers of dead animals are now lying unburied on the river flats, causing an intolerable atenoh. — Gundagai Herald, December 16. Scarlatina,— This fearful epidemic stiU rages in the Mudgee dietriot, and the deaths are numerous particularly among young children. The crowded, ill- ventilated houses which people will persist in living in when their families increase for beyond the acoommpaation ef suoh places is, it is to he feared, the cause of muoh of the disease.— Wett- ern Post. 