T Confidential Communication from the Hon. C. C. to S. Punch, Esq. Colonial Secretary's Office, Thursday. My Deau Punch, You know, my colleagues know, the country knows, that I am in want of a couple of barristers for the Crown Law business. My well-established public character ought to convince the most sceptical that I am not afraid of mediocrity, nor deterred by difference of opinion, upon fundamentalquestions. There are com fortable and well-fumished chambers in Maormarie Street Keats trie Legislature, and good salaries, for any two daring and enterprising young men who will lend me their, advocacy and support, however feeble. The Minister, for Lands has repeatedly assured me that he will furnish them not only with opinions on public questions of the highest popularity, but with constituencies who will overlook dullness, and generously reward sacrifice of principle. Notwithstanding these advantages I am unable to obtain the men. Harassed by my mis fortune, I have sought refuge in sleep ; and as my waking thoughts have been of the Supreme Court, my very dreams have become legal — spectral figures, wigged and gowned, pass in awful forensic procession j before me, and point with bony fingers to times that arc past, and opportunities that have ceased to be. Martin with ghostly supercilious ness, Lutwych with supernatural dignity, IIargrave with spiritual silence, glide across my chamber, and remind me of the times when each advised and governed. I have tried to exorcise those apparitions, but in vain. I have lit a moderator lamp an hour before midnight, and. have threatened the spirits with Dr. We — t's latest leader. The shadowy Martin has sneered, and the unsubstantial Lutwycii has mocked my device. What my dear fellow, am I to do ? Am I to sit for ever at life's feast with no other guests than — not the solitary ghost of Banquo, but the multitudinous shades of Banco. A man may endure physical ills — but to bo haunted with Nisi Prius apparitions — who can bear and preserve his sanity ? To wake up and find a skeleton Q.C. at your bed curtains at 1 o'clock a.m. is a surprise which might well shake the nerves of the most heroic. And yet. my dear Punch, to such visitations, at such hours, am I subjected, I send you a picture of the last terrible scene presented to my gaze at an early hour yesterday morning. Consider this letter, and the enclosure, strictly private and confidential. Ever yours affectionately but sadly, C. C. 