' PARLIAMENT. is t ..jLEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. .'. v " TUESDAY, JtJNB G. | The PftEaiDENT took the chair at ; two minutes past, four o'clock, ar- .'Ts3!' usual form of prayer. A read the NOTICES OF MOT Mr.STEAOHANnotlQ' off',, . day be would move hr 29 that. the following TJi of farm Yan Y -e a return showing the ^«rlPTï^rlfrr .<«"» Waterworks, the re owners up' '"3 the Turks. on account of ÍvAfrP-'ii off. and the source from which the fr ends were derived ' Mr-M SCHELL intimated that, next day, Re w and move the suspension of stand In?, order No. 115, in order that the second reading of the Inglewood and Sandhurst Tramway Bill might be taken. PAPER. Mr. FAWKNER brought up a report from the Printing Committee. ABSENCE OF MEMBERS. Mr. FAWKNER moved " That it be an instruction to the Standing Orders Committee to consider, with a view to revision, standing order No. 18." This order (the hon. member said) had completely failed in its effect, whether from the same cause which induced otherwise respectable men to offend when the English law hanged people for sheep-stealing and forgery, or whether from a general desire that it should be altered, he could not say. As long, however, as the order existed Its infraction was an evil. He suggested, therefore, that it should be revised, Mr. JENNER seconded the motion, which was agreed to. INSOLVENCY LAW CONSOLIDATION BILL. Mr. HERVEY moved that the amendments recommended by His Excellency the Governor in this bill be agreed to. He had postponed the matter on a previous evening in order to obtain an explanation as to the objects of the amendments. He was now informed that it it was proposed merely to adopt a proviso which had been incorporated in the Transfer of Land Bill, now before the House. The amendments were adopted. JURIES BILL. Mr. HERVEY moved that the amendments recommended by His Excellency the Governor in this bill be agreed to. The Council had made an amendment reducing the fees of juries payable by the state to one half the former amount, and it was now proposed to reduce the fees payable by parties to the suits in like proportion. Mr. STRACHAN asked if the amendments would reduce jurors' fees? Mr. HERVEY apprehended that that had been done already. The amendments were adopted. POST-OFFICE LAW AMENDMENT BILL. On the motion of Mr. HERVEY, the amendments made by the Assembly on the Council's amendments on this measure were agreed to. CONSTITUTION LAW CONSOLIDATION BILL A message was received from the Legislative Assembly, transmitting this bill. On the motion of Mr. HEART, the message was ordered to be taken into consideration the following day. THE GOVERNOR'S TOWER TO RECOMMEND CORRECTION IN BILLS. Mr. FELLOWS moved "That, as the power of recommending amendments in bills which have passed both Houses is unknown to the Imperial Parliament, it ought not, in the opinion of this House, to be exercised, except for the correc- tion of errors in such bills." He did so in consequence of the numerous messages which had been received lately, recommending alterations in measures which had passed both Houses at the suggestion of the Governor. The power in question did not exist in England, and it ought only to be employed here for the purpose of rectify- ing errors, and not for the purpose of submitting new matter, as had lately become the practice. He would refer to the proceedings urine the first session of the Victorian Parliament under the present constitution, to show that this interference had never been tolerated. On September 29, 1857, Mr. Ebden presented a message from His Excellency the Governor, introducing a bill authorising the raising of moneys for the construction of certain railways. This message was, however, objected to and Hansard preserved the following record of the next day's proceedings : " Mr. Ebden, by permission of the House, would beg to substitute a message from His Excellency the Governor for the one which he had brought down to the House on the previous evening, when, on presenting it, exception to the course he had adopted had been taken by the hon. member for East Bourke, inasmuch as it was accompanied by a bill. Being aware that it was in accordance with the practice of the House of Commons that a bill of that description should not in any way originate with the Crown, and think- ing it highly desirable to prevent the slightest accident occurring to the Loan Bill, he had thought it necessary to ask the consent of the House to the substitution." After this explanation permission was given, and a message was substituted simply recommending the appropriation of a sum from the consolidated revenue for the purposes of the bill. Hon. members would bear in mind that, as the amendments recommended by the Governor were considered in the House, and not in committee, important alterations could easily be slipped in. In one bill they had already chautjed "fourteen" to "seven, and it would be just as easy to insert " six " for " three " in a Payment of Members Bill, without the value of the alteration being recognized. It was almost unnecessary to exercise the power at all, because under the standing orders the Clerk to the Parliaments was authorised to point out of errors. The insertion of a clause, as had been recently done in a bill before the House, to prevent an error would, perhaps, be beyond the clerk's power ; but no one would object to the Governor taking a tion in such a case as that. What was complained of was the supplementary legislation recently witnessed. He merely asked the House to express its opinion on the subject, in order that If now matters were again submitted in this way they might be disagreed with. Mr. FAWKNER seconded the motion. He did so with every respect to the Governor ; but the practice put it in the power of the Government of the day to inflict a great wrong on the country. Mr. HERVEY stated that the reason the Attorney-General had used messages so much of late was the excessive labour he had imposed upon himself in the preparation of the consolidation bills. Errors were discovered at the last moment, and these errors had to be rectified. He agreed with the spirit of the motion : but he reminded hon. members that consolidation bills were outside ordinary legislation. The Attorney-General informed him that only two more messages with re- spect to these measures would have to be presented. Mr. COLE said, though there was no harm in the motion, he did not like it. Why not deal with the messages as they were presented, and if an improper one came up Bond it back again? Mr JENNER would move, as an amendment "That will amendments recommended by the Governor in Council shall be printed, and circulated three days at least previous to their being introduced into this House." As the Constitution Act gave the Governor the power to recommend any aroona ments, the original resolution would be useleSS, inas- much as the Constitution Act could only be altered by a bill. Beside?, the message was a most convenient way of correcting errors and making improvements. No harm could result so long as due notice was given. Notice, however, was required, to prevent important amendments slipping in without observation, IIB members had so much property and so much business to attend to that they could not look into these matters very closely. The PRESIDENT said he did not think he could accept the amendment. It referred only to a question of internal arrangement, which it was for the House to agree upon, and was not, therefore, germane to the matter in hand. Mr. STRACHAN failed to see how the original motion could be objected to. As the power in question had been exercised, it would enable the Executive to overrule the Parliament. ? Mr. M'ORAB asked Mr. Fellows whether, if the motion were carried, he purposed bringing in a bill to give it effect? Mr. FELLOWS replied in the negative. The PRESIDENT intimated that if his ruling as to the amendment was disagreed with, a motion on the subject could be submitted. Mr. COLE moved that the amendment be received. Mr. MOORE seconded the motion. Mr. HULL expressed his opinion that the . . rent use of the Governor's power of recovery lending amendments was calculated to bring Parliament into contempt. Mr. COLE'S motion was put and negatived. The PRESIDENT said he had some doubt as to whether the original motion ought to be put. It appeared to restrict the power which the Governor possessed, under the Constitution Act, of recommending " any" amendments. Had a bill been submitted he would have taken the objection, but, as merely a resolution was proposed, he would allow it to pass. The original motion was then agreed to. The remainder of the business was postponed, and the House adjourned at five minutes past five o'clock. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. TUESDAY. JUNE G. The SPEAKER took the chair at half-past four o'clock. PETITIONS. Petitions against Mr. Harker's bill for the abolition of state-aid to religion were presented by Mr. O'SHANASSY, from the Roman Catholics of Kilmore and Emerald-hill by Mr. LEVEY, from the Roman Catholics of Keilor; by Mr. VERDON, from the Roman Catholics of Williamstown; by Mr. LALOR, from the Roman Catholics of St. Kilda and Prahran by Mr. HIGINBOTHAM, from the Right Rev. the Bishop of Melbourne (Dr. Perry), and from the Roman Catholics of Brighton and Dandenong; by Mr. ZEAL, from a number of the inhabitants of Carlton and Fitzroy, and from the members of the Church of England at Castlemaine ; by Mr. BINDON, from the Roman Catholics of Castlemaine and Maldon and the surrounding district; by Mr. GILLIES, from the Roman Catholics of Ballarat and the surrounding districts by Mr. HOWARD, from the members of the Church of England in and about Sandhurst, and in and about the White Hills; by Mr. O'GRADY, from the Roman Catholics of Richmond and its vicinity; by Mr. HOPKINS, from the members of the Church of England at East Collingwood, Gisborne, Hexham, Mortlake, Camperdown, Oar rains, and in and about Jericho; by Mr, LEVI, from the members of the Church of England in and about Maryborough and by Mr. CRESWICK, from the members of the Church of England at Emerald-hill. Petitions in favour of the bill were presented by Mr MICHIE, from the members of the Congregational Church at Prahran by Mr. MACGREGOR, from the members of the United Presbyterian Church at Geelong, from the members of the Congregational Church, Kew, and from the members of St. Enoch's United Presbyterian Church, Melbourne by Mr. HOUSTON, from the memoirs of the Congregational Union and Mission of Victoria, and from the morn hours of the Congregational Church, Brighton by Mr. COPE, from the Oxford-street Congregational Church, Collingwood; by Mr. KERFERD from the Congregational Church, Beechworth by Mr. BLACKWOOD, from the Lonsdale street Congregational Church, Melbourne; by Mr. ZEAL, from the Congregational Church, Chewton by Mr. FRANCIS, from the Congregational Church, Richmond by Mr VALE, from the members of the Congregational Church, East Melbourne and by Mr. CRESWICK, from the Congregational Church, Emerald hill. The several petitions were ordered to lie on the table, the one from the Bishop of Melbourne being previously read, on the motion of Mr. HIGINBOTHAM. THE ELECTORAL LAW CONSOLIDATION BILL Mr. HIGINBOTHAM presented a message from the Governor, recommending that some formal amendments should be made in this bill, and moved that it be taken into consideration next day. The motion was agreed to. NOTICES OF jforroN. Mr. L. L. SMITH gave notice that, on the following day, he would move a resolution in favour of £2,000 being voted to compensate the various persons who had imported at considerable expense, and had worked during the last ten years, the swivel guns, and also I to relieve the hundreds of persons whose means of livelihood had been dependent on the sale of wild fowl, and who would be thrown out of employment by the Fisheries and Game Statute Amendment Bill. (Laughter). Mr. COWELL gave notice that, on Friday, he would move for the documents and papers relative to the discharge of John Duross from the Detective force. Mr. THOMSON gave notice that, next day, he would move for the production of the report of the commissioners sent to Beechworth to inquire into the mutilation of the dead body of Morgan, Mr. DANE gave notice that he should move next day, for a return showing the number, tonnage, and estimated value, of the vessels engaged in the intercolonial trade. Mr. TUCKER gave notice that he should move, on Thursday, for a return showing the total cost to the country of the Geological Survey department from its establishment to the present date. NOTICES OF QUESTIONS. Mr. SANDS gave notice that, on the following day, he would ask the Chief Secretary a question relative to the payment of the teachers who had obtained increased classification at the last examination held by the National Board, In August, 1862. Mr. DYTE gave notice that, next day, he would ask the Minister of Justice if he was aware that, at the last Circuit Court at Ballarat, a jury had to retire into an unen- closed yard to consider their verdict. Mr. MACGREGOR gave notice that, on the following day, he would ask the Attorney-General if the Government intended to give precedence to the Local Government Bill over the Bar Regulation Bill, Mr. L. L. SMITH gave notice that he should, next day, call the attention of the Commissioner of Customs to the necessity that existed for the appointment of some competent person or persons to watch over and protect the fisheries of the colony, more particularly to the prevailing practice of netting in the rivers. Mr. ZEAL gave notice that, next day, he should ask the Acting Commissioner of Railways if the Government intended taking any steps for the purpose of effecting communication between the guards and drivers of trains running on the Victorian Railways. THE WORKING OF THE NEW LAND ACT. Mr. M'BAIN rose to call the attention of the Government to the working of the present land law and to ask whether they were in possession of any information which led them to suppose that the selections already made were in accordance with the spirit and intention of the Land Act, and that the selectors were the class of men whom it was Geo intention of the Legislature to benefit when the said law was passed The hon. member said that he had given notice of his intention to ask the Minister of Lands these questions, but that hon. gentleman was not now in the House. The subject, however, was one of so much importance that he hcmoi some member of the Government would give a reply to his inquiries without delay. He had no political object in view in directing the attention of the Government to the matter, but he simply desired to point out that there was already evidence to show that the Land Act of 1866 had utterly failed to accomplish the object which the Legislature had in view in passing it. The SPEAKER intimated that the hon. member was precluded from arguing, and could only state facts. Mr. M'BAIN would confine his remarks to the statement of a few facts. When the measure was before the Legislature a distinct assurance was given by the Government that it was not their intention to administer the act so that whole runs situated in the agricultural areas would be open for selection at one time. It appeared, however, that, In- stead of one-third of such runs being proclaimed open for selection at a time as the House was given to understand would probably be the case every available acre of many runs in the Western district had been proclaimed open for selection. It was the intention of the House that no injustice should he inflicted' upon any individual and it certainly never was their expressed intention that every acre of any man's run should be thrown open for selection at once. The fact was, that, instead of a sufficient quantity of agricultural land to meet the demands for actual settlement being thrown open, an area containing 4,000,000 acres had been thrown open all at once. Some experience had already been gained of the working of the system. The demand for land for actual settlement was nothing in comparison with what the House had been led to suppose would be the case ; but the operation of the act had given rise to a set of men called " speculators," and their attendants, who were sometimes called " mediums" and sometimes "ghosts." Of the results of the working of the Land Act, one gentleman wrote: " You will be anxious to know that the whole of my run was open for selection, and almost every acre taken up by speculators, and, strange to say, these gentlemen are now desirous to treat with me. I have made up my mind to wait, and do nothing in the matter." - "" J. (Several hon. members - Name, name. ") He did not see what object was to be gained by mentioning the name of the writer. He presumed that the facts were patent to the whole country. It was most extraordinary for a man to be placed in such a position that he was deprived of every acre of his run in a moment, and left with 12,000 or 15,000 sheep, without knowing where he could find grass to feed them. Another gentleman wrote : " I know several men in and around Harms ton who were anxious to settle down on the lands ; but, owing to the rush, few or none have yet obtained a single allotment. A gentleman at Hamilton said " The way the bill of 1866 has worked here is most conflicting, The excitement is great by the land-sharks taking up all lots ballotted for, and then selling them to the squatter at from 2s. 6d. to 10s. per acre, according to their presumed value to the present holder of the land, or to the value placed upon them by the speculators. I never saw a more demoralising state of things than now exists here. Every labouring man is employed by these unprincipled men ; no work is being done-all going to the mill, as it is called, and taking their chance of drawing a prize. If they get no lot then they get 20s. per diem and if they get a selection then they draw from the shark Some £30, MO, or even of 100, to let these swindlers have the lot thus obtained, who then re sell to the squatter. Nothing can stop this but the Government altering their plan of selection, and causing all lands open for selection to be open in the nearest township to the land thus open, and all lands to be open for selection on one and the same day. We have here just now above 2,000 men, and, I am sorry to add, women, who are hired by speculators as dummies, to take up land on these conditions." (Cries of "Name, name.") He might mention that the writer of this letter was a friend of the people. (Laughter.) He would furnish the Ministry with the names of the writers privately, but he did not desire to make them public. Another gentleman said " The number of mediums in Hamilton is enormous. One squatter had 300 to 400 mediums, and was very unsuccessful in getting allotments. (Laughter.) Whenever a squatter appears in Hamilton he is beset by mediums, who ask from El to me. and, if successful, 1s. to 2s. 6d. per acre, according to quality of land. Mediums are openly discussing prices, terms, and conditions. There are two favourite sorts of mediums-the respectable man, that can he trusted, and the desperately hard-up, that can never do good for himself or others. Mon go about openly offering their names at current rates. What a state of things !" (Laughter.) The hon. member, amidst loud calls for the names of the writers of the letters, proceeded to read an extract from a letter in the Melbourne Herald, written by a correspondent at Hamilton, to the effect that the Land Act of 1865 had proved as great a failure as that of 1862. He wished to impress upon the Government and the House the absolute necessity which existed for putting a stop to the operation of the act. If hon. members contemplated the effect it would have in England, they would agree with him that its continuance would result in a much lower rate being obtained for debentures than was now the case. He was sure there was nothing in the act calculated to encourage immigration to the colony ; but, on the contrary, there was much in it to deter English people from making Australia their home. He would ask the Government if they had given any instructions for the alteration of the mode of throwing open these runs for selection, or if they intended to allow this system of squandering the public estate to be continued? air. M'CULLOCH failed to see what effect the Land Act could have upon the Victorian debentures in the English money market. They were constantly being reminded of the effect which the action of the House would have on the debentures in the English market; but what were they doing now ? Why, in place of getting 3d. or 4d. per acre for the land, they were securing 2s., and if the land had fallen into the hands of medium-" who did not occupy it in accordance with the intentions of the act, the land would revert to the Crown, when it would be submitted to fresh selection, or be put up to auction, as might be deemed best. He had no proof whatever that the act had failed in carrying out the intentions of the Legislature. The hon. member had read an anonymous letter published in a newspaper, but it was well known that that journal had always opposed the passing of the measure. (Cries of ''No," and "Hear.") The bon.mern ber had also read extracts from the letters of Hamilton correspondents, buthedidnotthink this evidence sufficient to justify the House in i condemning the working of the act. Within the last few days he had heard rumours similar to those referred to by the hon. member. He at once put himself in communication with the Minister of Lands and Survey, asking him if it was true that the land was falling into the hands of mediums. Late last night, he received a communication from his colleague, assuring him that it was no such thing, but that the bulk of the land was passing into the hands of bond fide selectors, and that the Land Act was working admirably. This he considered a sufficient answer to set against the statements contained in the extracts which the hon. member had read. As to whole runs having been thrown open to competition, the hon member must be aware that these runs had been open to selection in 1862. He was aware that there was a considerable amount of hardship in many cases, and if the Government could have BC(n any way by which they could have spread the selection more over the country, and made it bear IOBS hardly upon particular runs, they would have adopted it, but by the act it was imperative that within three months after the passing of the measure, four millions of acres should be thrown open to selection, and the Government had no alternative but to take what land had been surveyed. If the system was working badly as regarded the employment of mediums, who was to blame for it? Why, the squatters themselves. (Cries of "Hear, hear," and " No, no.") If the squatters would only stand aloof, and refrain from paying the large sums they were reported to be paying to these mediums, there would not be such a demand for these persons. All he need say was that if the squatters would allow the land to pass quietly into the hands of those for whom it was intended, and for whose benefit the act was passed, they would not suffer so marches they would, by spending large sums of money, as they were now doing, in order to induce a system of speculation throughout the country. It was not the intention of the Government to make any alterations in the By s tem. He believed the net was working properly. If, however, the Government could see their way to reduce the quantity of land open to selection on each run, and so save the squatters from unnecessary hardship, it was their wish to do so. At the same time, he begged to report that, up to the present time, as far as the Government could ascertain, the act had worked satisfactorily. Mr. LEVEY remarked that, "if the Minister of Lands was at Camperdown, he could not be an authority as to what took place at Hamilton. Mr. THOMSON asked, whether it was incumbent on the Government to issue a lease to a medium, or to anyone else to whom land might be sold ? Mr. M'CULLOCH said the Government were not bound to issue leases to anybody. They had thirty days to consider the matter, and if it was found that improper persons had taken up land, it would become a question as to whether the leases should be issued or not, MR. JONES AND MR. PATRICK CURTIN. Mr. JONES said it would be in the ma mory of those hon. members who were present on the occasion of his making a personal explanation, on Thursday, that he was obliged to apologise for the absence of Mr. Patrick Curtin's letter to him. Since then, he had obtained from the office of the Minister of Justice a copy of the letter, which he would read to the House. The letter was as follows: " Farmers' Hotel, Market-square (Opposite Coin Exchange and Weighbridge), Ballarat, May 18, 1865. My dear Sir,-The following are the persons whose cases I wish to bring under your notice, viz : " 1st, William Hynes (my brother in-law's I believe him to be the first applicant for a rural store licence on Allotment No. 2, parish of Smeaton. He had put up a weather- board cottage fourteen feet long by twelve feet wide. At the time the Land Act of 1865 became law it was finished, with the exception of door and window, and was left in that state since then. Probable cost, say £30. Before Mr. Ligar, who investigated his case at Smeaton, he made some blunder, which he on the following day corrected In a letter to Mr. Ligar. Get that letter attached to the report in his case. Another building has been put upon this allotment by Mr. Thomas Askew, who owns the adjoining allotment, which he got under the 3yrs and fo sections of the Duffy Land Act of 1862 "2nd. James Moran who is also a friend (sic) mine, applied for a rural store licence the 29th September 1864, in allotment No. 12, parish of Smeaton. He put up a building fourteen feet, by eleven feet, but was left un- finished w on the Land Act of 1865 became law, in which state it has been left since then. Probable cost, say £30. On this allot mere Mr. Holding has a building, and also Mr. Thos. Askew, whose land adjoins it. "A conditional licence was granted to those parties before the passing of the amended Land Act of 1865, and as they had improvements effected on the land that time they ought now by law (tie) get the privilege (sic) of purchasing it. "3rd. My own COBO is similar, or nearly so, to the others above-mentioned. I applied for a rural store licence, and had improvements to the value of £20 effected on allotment No. 76, Smeaton, before the passing of Mr. Grant's Land Act of 1865. Messrs. Ligar and Hodgkinson objects (sic) to my case, for the following reasons, viz. That I am the owner of a large tract of land in that neighbourhood, and the greater part of which was obtained under the 33rd and 34th clauses of the Daffy Bill of 1862. " The following are the facts of the case. I am the owner of 400 acres of land, which I have purchased at a very high prices, part by auction and part by private purchase, except- ing one allotment of 101 acres I got under the Duffy Bill), and on account of getting this I I am now prevented from obtaining a land certificate, which is a serious loss to me. So in reality it was better for me that I did not get this 101 acres under the Duffy Bill, as then I could obtain a land certificate now. The above is a correct statement of my case. Now, as I am well aware of members of Parliament having a lot of expenses to incur, more especially when they undertake anything like this, and as I value my own position as a J.P,' I think there will be no reason to doubt of the matter being kept secret. (I make these remarks on account of what Mr. Cowan stated to me, and which I declined to enter- tain from him, as I really do not wish that he would know anything about the case.) Considering the above, I enclose you a post- dated cheque for £10, which you can got cashed CB soon as the above three allotments are got ; also, £6 more will be remitted to you by that time, as soon as those are settled, which I hope will be at once ; then I will put twenty other cases in your hands, with the above figure to each. The money, at least the one-half of it, is already in my hands, so that there can be doubt in the affair. " I have already paid and promised certain amounts to two other members, which engagement of course will be kept, whether you or they get it settled; but I am perfectly satisfied that one of the gentlemen has slept over the matter, and for the future I intend to put nothing of the kind in his way. Pardon me for speaking SO plain on the subject, but you may rest assured that anything which may transpire between you and me will never be known from me, " Hoping I may hear from you soon I beg to remain, my dear sir, yours very faithfully, "PATK. CURTIN." He had considered it necessary that this letter should be read to the House, as he found that certain statements had since been made by the writer of that letter to the Minister of Justice. The internal evidence of the letter itself he considered the best reply to the statements which had been made. CALL OF THE HOUSE. The House was then called, the following members failing to answer to their names : Messrs. Grant, B. G. Davies, Grooves, Kyte, Halfey, Cunningham, Randall, Pope, Ram say, Orr, Pearson, Connor, Longmore, McCann, Moffatt, Harbison, and Bayles.- With the exception of Messrs. Kyte and Halfey, The absentees were excused for their non-attend- ance. ABOLITION OF STATE AID TO RELIGION. Mr. HARKER moved the second reading of his bill to abolish state aid to religion. He had hoped that the bill would have been introduced by the Government as a Ministerial measure, inasmuch as several members of the present Cabinet had at different times introduced measures for the same object. He supposed the Government had good reasons for leaving this important measure to be dealt with by a private member. He was fully aware of the magnitude of the question involved in the bill and he might say at the outset, that the principle which he proposed to abolish had been introduced into the constitution under peculiar circumstances. At the time this colony was separated from New South Wales, in 1850, the sum set apart for religious purposes was only £6,000 per annum; but when the Constitution Act was passed, in 1855, it was increased to £50,000. It was worthy of remark that the Council who passed this Constitution Act did not represent public opinion at the time, for that body consisted of only thirty members, ten of whom were nominees of the Crown. To show that public opinion was not represented in the Council, he might mention that a public meeting, attended by 2,000 persons, was held in Melbourne at the time, at which resolutions con- demning the principle of state aid to religion were unanimously passed. At the same time numerous petitions were presented against the measure and it was a significant fact, that there was not a single petition presented in favour of it. It was also worthy of remark that every Assembly which had met since the passing of the Constitution Act had by very significant majorities passed measures for the abolition of state aid to religion. The first of these measures was introduced by the present Minister of Justice in 1857. That measure proposed to abolish state aid two years after the bill had received the Royal assent. The hon. member for Kilmore, who had introduced the clause providing for state aid to religion into the Constitution, voted with the majority on that occasion, and he hoped that the hon. member would support the present measure. While the measure brought in by the Minister of Justice proposed to abolish state aid two years after it had passed, the bill introduced by him (Mr. Harker) simply contemplated the discontinuance of the present vote five years after the passing of the act. It was a singular fact, as showing the changes which took place in the constitu- tion of the Legislature, that out of the thirty seven members of the Assembly who voted for the abolition of state aid in 1857, only seven now occupied Beats in the House; while of the twenty-three who voted against the measure only two-the hon. member for West Bourke and the hon. member for South Gipps Land were now members of the Legislature. The only objections urged in the other House against the abolition of state aid were, that the country districts would be left without the means of religious Instruction, and that it would be on ii justice to the persons now receiving state assistance to deprive them of that aid. As to the first objection, the experience of other countries, like Canada and South Australia, showed that this fear was perfectly groundless. The voluntary principle had been in existence thirteen years in South Australia, and no complaints had been made, neither had any efforts been made to re- establish the system of state aid. He supposed that the people of this colony were as liberal, and quite as well able to pay, as those in South Australia and he should like to know what fear there would be in leaving religion in this colony to take care of itself. Hon. members were aware that a petition against the bill had been presented that evening on behalf of Bishop Perry, one of his objections being that if State aid were withdrawn the country districts would suffer. Now, the opinion of Dr. Perry some years ago was, that state aid was not necessary, and he had stated in writing several times that he could bear testimony to the efficiency of the voluntary principle, at the same time expressing his opinion that the various sects here ought to rely upon themselves for support. He found that the right rev. prelate, at the first meeting of the Episcopal Conference held in this colony, in 1851, said, speaking of the effect of the voluntary principle in America: " No doubt there were many defects in the voluntary system in America, against which they would have to guard ; but, altogether, the testimony was most valuable, as showing that the system had not failed in America, and, if not then, why should it fail here?" Now, when he found sentiments like these expressed by a prelate of the Episcopal Church some years ago, it did appear strange to him that, after mature experience, he should turn round, and, in a petition presented to the HOUSE, condemn the very principle which he so strenuously supported In 1851. Yet Bishop Perry went on to say I "Let them only look with confidence on the influence of the Gospel on the people, and whatever difficulty might arise, let them also rise with the responsibility that was en- gendered." in 1852, when it was proposed to increase the original grant of £5,000. a letter from the right rev. prelate appeared in the newspapers, to the following effect : "As to any increase of the amount of the present grant. I would most earnestly deprecate it as implying an approval of and tending to perpetuate a false and most pernicious principle, and as stereotyping, so far as the state can do so, every existing religions error." He would now quote an extract from a letter written to The Argus in 1855 by a distinguished clergyman of the Presbyterian Church-Dr. Cairns. This gentleman said: "Upon the principle of recognising and supporting not the truth alone revealed in the Word of God, but any form of worship, however corrupt or erroneous, that bears the name of religion, it is impossible to deny the claims of the Hindoo, of the Mahometan, of the Chinese, as well as of the Roman Catholic or the Protestant Christian, This principle is one of indifference or atheism. It refuses to take cognizance of the truth, or even to entertain Pilate's inquiry, What is truth?' and, therefore, like the Romans of old, opens its Pantheon to every idol. It is impossible, I think, to defend this principle. It must create constant annoyance to the Government and if the rulers of the Government are unable, either from want of light or from want of opportunity, to discriminate between the Divine truth and its counterfeit-between the religion of revelation and the religion of imposture-the wisest course they can follow is to leave the support of the Christian ministry to the Christian feeling of the people." It struck him as very singular that he should now have to stand up and defend those very principles which, some years ago, were advocated by the clergymen he had quoted. It was said by the Attorney-General that the, state professed no religion. He would reply that, if the Attorney-General set himself up as a teacher of law, and professed no knowledge of law, the probabilities were that his teaching would not prove very effective. He contended that the state did profess a religion, and that it identified itself with certain bodies of professing Christians. The state professed the religion of those who received its pay, and it would be unjust of those who took any portion of its revenue to refuse to give it back in support of religion. If the state did not profess any religion, how was it that it refused to give the Chinese one farthing of money ? They all knew that many of the teachings of Confucius were of a very high and virtuous character and it was, no doubt, better for the Chinese that this philosopher had lived, than that they should have had no teacher at all. If the argument were good, then were Hindoos and Mahomedans as much entitled to receive aid from the state as any other religious sect. He now came to the great point of the question was it the duty of the State to interfere at all with the religious teaching of the people ? He said it was not because, if the state could, it would show what truth, was and it could not have cause to interfere with the teachings of its subjects. It was clear the state knew nothing of the responsibility of teaching truth, and truth only and the interference of the state struck at the very foundation of the Christian faith. Was it a matter of indifference to the state whether men taught the trinity or the unity of the Godhead, or whether men taught the divinity of the Saviour or denied I it? If it were a matter of indifference, the Estate had no right to interfere, bananas all were equally deserving of support. The state could not support all forms of religion, and state aid was therefore opposed to real liberty of conscience, because no body of men could be got together in the two Legislative Chambers who would consent to give state aid to all sections of religion. If they would not give state aid to all, they were guilty of in justice towards those from whom it was withheld. In the year 1835, Sir Richard Burke, who appeared fully to have comprehended the importance of this question, said: " I would also recommend that provision be made for the schools in which the children of persons of different religious tenets may be instructed without distinction, on the plan now adopted in Ireland. The means of education being secured, I shall feel disposed to leave it to the voluntary contribution of the inhabitants to provide for churches and clergy. To aid all, where the creeds are various, seems impossible, and a partial distribution of the public funds appears nearly allied to injustice." These words quite expressed his own views upon this matter. Apart from State interference, he believed there was in the minds of men a disposition to support religion If ministers of the Gospel would only be content by the help of self-denial and the practice of everything they taught to encourage it. If ministersofthedifferent denominations would only bring themselves up to a higher standard in this respect, the lukewarmness of which they now complained would utterly disappear. (Hear, hear.) He would defy anyone to point out a minister who, having followed this course, had failed to get support from the people. The coldness complained of was rather a fault induced by the selfishness of the clergy than indisposition on the part of the people to support their religious teachers. (Hear, hear) From the experience of the mother country, the United States, and South Australia, the public of this colony might, with implicit faith, rely upon the voluntary principle to extend religious ordinances in their midst. It was a significant fact at the present day, that the Bishop of London contemplated raising one million sterling for the purpose of building churches within the limits of the metropolis itself. This was a striking instance of the reliance placed upon the voluntary principle. The Free Church of Scotland was a notable example of the success of voluntaryism. In 1815, some 400 con- gregations voluntarily seceded from the mother church, and in twelve months these 400 congregations had raised a quarter of a million sterling, for the support of ministers and the erection of churches and chapels. This same church had now over 5,000 ministers in the mother country alone. A minimum salary of 120 a-year had been provided for the clergy, and in a majority of the parishes residences were provided for them free of rent. To turn now to that poor, impoverished country, Ireland, they found the Roman Catholic faith not only support- ing itself without aid from the state, but existing in spite of persecution by the state and he believed the Roman Catholics of Ireland would be very sorry to exchange their dependence upon voluntaryism for any amount of aid from the state. In the United Kingdom the voluntary principle had been eminently successful, and as people in this colony could better afford to give than those in the lands to which he had referred the principle must operate more prosperously here. What the people wanted was the spirit of giving. It was not that they had not the power to support the religious bodies, but so long as assistance was received from the state, they would not feel their responsibility. He might refer to the fact that during the past twelve months the Wesleyan churches In these colonies had raised £8.000 for foreign missions, and that in 1864 five of the leading missionary societies in the mother country subscribed £600,000 for missions. The people of this colony had shown what they could do by voluntary subscriptions in sending home such large sums for the relief of the soldiers at the Crimean war and the distressed operatives in Lancashire. The census showed that the standard of education amongst the purely voluntary bodies of this colony was considerably higher than amongst any other religious section of the world, and this was a point deserve rug of consideration in connexion with the question. He considered that the greater part of the misery which had been entailed upon mankind had been directly or indirectly caused by the alliance of church and state. Even at the present day, the spirit of religious persecution was not dead. The Roman Catholics of Poland were persecuted by the Greek Church ; the Emperor pursued a similar policy in Russia; and in Spain, Protestants had been denied the privilege of worshipping their Maker according to the dictates of their own consciences. Within the past few years there had been convictions in England against people for refusing to attend the parish church and all these evils sprang from the connexion between church and state. Again, there was a portion of the Irish Viceroy's oath which spoke of Roman Catholicism as a " damnable heresy ;" and was it not monstrous that five sevenths of a people who had repeatedly proved their loyalty, should have this thrown in their teeth The policy of the State in a new country should be to have nothing to do with religious teaching. The present Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Gladstone, at the last meeting of the society for the propagation of the Gospel in foreign parts, distinctly warned the society against depending upon anything but voluntary support and this was a high authority. He had no doubt whatever that if the Christian instruction of the people were left to the voluntary support of the people, it would be satisfactorily carried out. Bene- volence was a virtue which grew by being exercised, and if the voluntary system were adopted, there would not be the least occasion to fear for the result. Mr. VALE remarked that though many hon. members thought the time unfavour- able for the introduction of Mr. Harker's bill, yet it was quite evident that there was no change in public opinion as to the principles of the measure. When discussed in large assemblies, these principles always secured sap Sort, and at the recent elections, those candy area for large constituencies who declared for the abolition of the grant in aid were invariably returned. It was true that the question was not agitated at the late general election, but that was because it had been pronounced upon before so distinctly and decidedly as to remove it from the category of meet points. There was no reason whatever for supposing that public opinion had changed since 1857, when a large majority of the Assembly declared that it was desirable to abolish the grant, though it might be that some hon, members were now prepared to alter their votes. It was said that vested rights in the grant existed. At all events, however, the members he had alluded to could not raise this cry for whatever rights there were now must be far less than they were eight years ago, as since then the number of recipients had increased, and the interest of individuals had been diminished in like proportion. Vested Interests could only be claimed with regard to that portion of the grant which was applied to the payment of stipends, for there could be no right to demand the completion of buildings begun in a style altogether beyond the requirements of the colony. Ministers interested in the grant were in the position of holders under a beneficial trust, the lease only executed by one of the trustees, the other having served notice of objection for it could not be denied that the people and the Legislative Assembly had declared against the grant, and that, but for the interference of another branch of the Legislature, it would long since have been abolished. There could be but a shadow of a right, and that shadow would be disposed of by the proposal of the member for Collingwood to defer the absolute extinc- tion of the vote for a period of five years. He denied that state aid supported religion. Hon. members had correctly described it as a crutch. A healthy subject had used that crutch until it had become impotent, and were the and continued, that Impotency must be rendered permanent. The sooner, therefore, this Instrument of decrepitude was removed, the better for the very churches which clung most to it. English statistics threw a flood of light on the question whether the system of state aid had been a success in other lands. In the year 1800 the churches in connexion with the Church of England numbered 9,500, and in 1861 they numbered 14,000. In 1800 the non- conforming churches had barely 2,000 buildings, while in 1851 they possessed 24,000. It might be said that these latter buildings were not so rich nor so costly as those of the Church of England ; but for all that he regarded the difference between an increase of fifty per cent, on the part of a church possessed of [enormous estates and vast privileges, in whose lay members the wealth of the country centred, and of 1,200 per cent. on the part of poor and struggling religious sects, as a triumphant exposition of the voluntary principle. He would not dwell upon the history of America, though it was pregnant with facts in support of a free church, but would rather direct attention to Ireland. And what did they see there? Why, that the state church, lopped in luxury and rolling in wealth, was a failure as great as it was an injustice, that those usually vigorous churches which had accepted the regium donum had languished, while the Church of Rome, unassisted and discouraged, had for two centuries been a triumphant success. Missionary churches established in heathen lands, no matter by what denominations, if they did not entirely over- take their responsibilities, you invariably adopted the principle of self-help, and came very near meeting the circumstances of their case and in the face of this fact, was it to be said that a civilized people would allow the faith of their fathers to die out If a paltry measure of state aid were removed ? It was difficult for Parliament to deal with this or any other religious question, inas- much as the Legislature was called into existence solely to supply civil wants, and to serve civil purposes. If hon. members denied that these were the objects for which Parliament was established, how was it that the House, at the very commencement of its history, determined not to commence is proceedings with prayer. If the state assisted religion, the sittings of the Legislature ought to be opened with prayer and if religion was added indiscriminately, then the prayer ought to be alternated to suit the various sects. There would be no more incongruity in that than there was in the state paying different ? Teachers to tear each other's faith to pieces, if religion was to be supported, the true faith, and that alone, ought to be acknowledged, and the present grant could not but be held to be contemptible in amount. He was afraid, indeed, that the grant, as it stood, was but a beginning, and that, {fallowed to continue, its success would lead to difficulties great and dangerous. After a pause of several moments, Mr. RICHARDSON rose to speak in favour of the bill. He regarded the question as purely a personal one one upon which each member must vote according to his own conscience. He admitted that the system of state aid to religion in this colony was an improvement upon that in operation in England. Here, all denominations could claim a share of the money given by the state. (An hon. member : " Not the Jews.") At all events, all Christian denominations could, and he believed that the Jews also wore in a position to claim to participate in the grant. He, therefore, regarded the system as an improvement upon the system of state aid in England; but It was questionable whether this colony, in its liberality towards all religious bodies, had not acted inconsistently whether it had not parted with its con- sistency for the sake of of compromise. Persons of other denominations had as much right to their religious opinions as he had, but all sects could not be right, and yet all were entitled to the aid, he had seen instances in which unhappy jealousies and antagonism had been created in districts in which such differences would not have existed if there had been no state aid to religion. He regretted that the community who had headed their petitions against Mr. Harker's bill, " from the members of the United Church of England and Ireland, had not had the good taste to drop that title, and style themselves " the Episcopalian Church of Victoria." He believed that every denomination was able to support its own clergymen and its own religious ordinances, and he thought that it ought to do so. Mr. LEVI said that five or six years ago he told his constituents that he was willing to support a bill for the abolition of state aid to religion, but he believed that the feeling of the country on the question of state aid was different now from what it was at that time. Though his vote on this occasion would be at variance with votes which he had previously given, he should be acting conscien ttouely in opposing the bill, He had discovered that the labours of ministers of religion of every sect had assisted in promoting the morality of the people of the colony, and inculcating amongst them a love of law and order. He could not shut his eyes to the good which they had done; and as he believed that the abolition of state aid to religion would strike a death-blow to their labours in the remote and thinly populated portions of the colony, he should vote against the bill. He thought it highly creditable to the colony that all denominations whose faith was founded on the Bible either the Old or New Testament could participate in the sum granted by the state in aid of religion. (Mr. Cohen.-" Not all.") He believed all except the religious denominations to which the hon. member for East Melbourne belonged and though that denomination had not benefited under the particular clause of the Constitution Act by which state aid was granted to other religious dear minations, yet provision had been made by which its voluntary contributions were supplemented by the state. Mr. MACPHERSON regretted that a question of so much importance as that of state aid to religion was treated by the House with such apparent indifference, and that hon., members did not rise to state the reason why they were opposed to the bill. He believed that the object of the bill was theoretically good, but practically bad. He was inclined to favour the idea that every church should support its own religion, and every congregation its own minister; but experience had shown him that the thinly populated and poorer districts of Victoria would he left without ministers of religion If state aid were withdrawn. The hon. member for Collingwood had referred to the fact, that the Bishop of London was raising £1,000,000 to build new churches in London, as a proof of the triumph of voluntaryism. It was highly creditable to the Bishop of London that he was engaged in that project but the necessity of it arose from the fact that there was not sufficient church accommodation for the population of that great city. In fact, the church accommodation in London was not more than was sufficient for twice the population of Victoria. The hon. member had also alluded to the progress of voluntaryism in America ; but if voluntaryism produced such a set of men as the ministers of religion in America were reported to be, the less this colony had to do with it the better. He had also referred to Scotland OF a proof of the success of the voluntary principle., In that country the system has been tried under the greatest advantages but he (Mr. Macpherson) had no hesitation in saying that the members of the Free Church! of Scotland did not support their minister as they ought to do, and that in a few year they would be glad to receive state aid The hon. member had also referred to the fact that fourteen years ago Bishop Perry was in favor of the voluntary principle. It appeared, however, that the bishop's experience since that time had shown him that the voluntary principle was not sufficient In Victoria. He maintained that the closer the union which existed between the state and the church the better, and that it was the bounden duty of the State to support the church. . - Mr. G. V. SMITH regretted tons., apathy exhibited by the public on this subject was as great as that observable In connexion with the anti-transportation question There could be no doubt that the people of Victoria were unanimous on that subject, and yet, although a few earnest men set themselves to the task, great difficulty was experienced in moving the masses to action, When it was remembered that the bill, If it be came law, would deprive 500 persons who possessed great influence in their respective districts of something like £100 a year each he was surprised that there had not been more petitions presented against the measure. Some of the apologists for state aid reminded him of the young mother who had accidentally omitted the rites of marriage, and who excused the too early appearance of her offspring by pleading that It was such a little one." (Laughter.) He maintained, however, that the principle of state aid to religion was a most obnoxious one, and he trusted the House would take advantage of every opportunity which presented itself to record its protest against It One of the arguments used in favour of the system was, that state aid was required for the thinly-populated rural districts. He denied that there was any value in the argument, and the man who received that statement on trust, and echoed the pure! cry, was merely the dupe of those who sought to establish a precedent. There were others who condemned the principle, although they had the hardihood to support It. They said " It is an abomination and an unclean thing, and for that reason we will continue it in the constitution on a small scale." If the principle were adopted now a precedent would be established which would be taken advantage of to increase the vote as the population of the colony increased, and that future generations would be burdened with a grievous tax. Supposing the population of a country to be thirty millions, would the Treasurer be justified in bringing in a little bit of three millions for that which was without price? When the rest of the civilised world had repudiated this relic of barbarism, were we to retain it He thought free trade could not consistently vote against the bill. They had pointed out the absurdity of making laws for the protection of labour, and they ought also to see the absurdity of making men piouBby act of Parliament. If the state supported the church the state could not be proved from interfering in the management of the church-a thing which he maintained ought not to be permitted. Even that great, good, and wise man, air Matthew Hale had been sunk by church prejudices to the level of a Jeffrey. Church and State had sent Sir Thomas More to the block, and Joan of Arc to the stake; and be maintained that social happiness could never arise from such a union. In America the voluntary principle had answered admirably and he maintained that the system would prove as beneficial to this colony. Mr. MACGREGOR maintained that it would be an act of the greatest injustice to compel persons to pay towards the support of religious systems which they disapproved of, and iii interfering in such matters the state was going altogether beyond its functions. Statistics proved that the voluntary principle had been more successful than any other in the United Kingdom and with the exception of the convict settlement of Western Australia, Victoria was the only Australasian colony in which the principle of State aid still existed. The exception to which he had alluded ought to be sufficient of itself to induce Victoria to reject the system, and go rather with the other colonies, who, it appeared, were quite able to get on by the voluntary contributions of the adherents of the various religious denominations. The expression state-aid implied a wanted assistance, and he regarded it as a decisive argument against the system that there was an admission that the church stood in need of aid from the state. The church ought to be predominant. He believed that if the House rejected the measure, public opinion would at no very distant date compel Parliament to consent to the abolition of state aid to religion. Ever since the introduction of responsible government state aid to religion had been condemned; and be regarded it as a remnant of the barbarous ages. Mr. O'GRADY thought that, he never piously inclined the Government of this country might be, it did not exercise any real. influence amongst the clergy. There was, therefore, no reason to fear that tyranny would ever be exercised by one body over another. For MR own part, he had no objection to vote for a bill to abolish state aid, provided the measure were similar to that adopted in South Australia. Until that was done he did not think the hon. member for Collingwood (Mr. Harker) could count upon the support of the Legislature, or the banks.. the people of the colony. 10 ., Mr. VERDON remarked that this question, had been amply discussed on former occasions. Of course, hon. members wcreatlibertïop to change their views in some degree; but he felt bound to say, as a matter of principle that he should vote in favour of the measure, as heretofore, and that he had strong reasons for doing so. One of the principal objections which had been urged, on other occasions in favour of the continuance of State aid was that altogether . irrespective of particular sects into which religious people were divided, the state might with perfect propriety employ religion as an instrument for the moral culture of the people. This was, no doubt, a reasonable argument ; but much could be said on the other side of the Inconsistency of giving aid to particular sects only. It was contended by the opponents of the measure, that if state aid were abolished religion would proportionately decrease, and wane amongst them; but he maintained there was every reason to believe that this would not be so. They had amongst them religions which were not supported by the state, and opportunities were thus presented for comparing the results of the two systems. As a member of the Church of England, he had no hesitation in saying that that church, dependent as it always had been upon support derived from without, had not been able to compete with other churches which had not had support from the state in propagating religious truths throughout the country; and for that reason he believed that if state aid were withdrawn to-morrow there would be no decrease whatever in the amount of religious instruction imparted to the people of the colony. As far as he could judge, religion would not suffer from the abolition of state aid, and if it would, it was evident there must be something wrong' something which would demand strengtH menear es to effect a cure. for Mr. WHEELER contended that the vol aT' tory system must fail in this colony, Bim a it was thought necessary to levy poor rates in order to support the charitable institutions of the country. State aid was required as much, for religion as for charitable institutions. The question that the bill be read a second time was then put. The House divided, when there appeared Ayes 25 ? Noes. 29 Majority against the bill. 4 The announcement of the result of the division was received with cheers. The following is the division-list : AYES Mr. Burtt Mr. Harker Mr. M'LulUn \- Campbell - Houston - Mlohlo \- Cosey - Jones - Richardson \- Cope - King- - Robinson \- Cow cir Macgregor - Smith, 0. V \- Dyte - Mason - Sullivan \- Edwards - M'Biln - Vale \- Oilllea - M'Culloch - YorcUn. \- Girdlestone NOES. Mr. Berry Mr. Halfey Mr. O'Shanassy \- Bindon - Higinbotham - Riddell \- Blackwood - Hopkins - Sands \- - Brown - Howard - Sherwin \- Carpenter - Kerferd - Smith, J. T. .- Cohen - Kyto - Snodgrass \- Creswick - Levey - Thomson \- Fairbairn - Levi - Tucker \- Foott - Macpherson - Wheeler. \- Francis - O'Grady rtJBLIO WORKS LAW AMENDMENT AND CONSOLIDATION BILL. The report of the committee on this bill was adopted. On the motion of Mr. HIGINBOTHAM, the bill was then read a third time, and passed. MINING LAW AMENDMENT BILL. This measure was further considered in system The discussion on Mr. Bindon's ^TdrnVutin the 101st clause, giving Courts ^Äjorlsdictlon in all matters of dis 25; arising out of contracts made with rain turn to mining on private property, notwith JonrlinR that the Crown be no party to the nut, and unless the Crown should intervene," was resumed by Mr GILLIES, who expressed his surprise at Van Government should have adopted Amendment. The Minister of Mines had jpijherately put the question of mining on in kate property aside, in order, it must be Presumed, to deal with it at a future period ; of, this being the case, on what grounds did I: now propose to settle it by a proviso to a SEC? The effect of the proviso would not only be to legalize all contracts entered into an area to be entered into in the future, but SS to sell the gold with the land. The terms upon which an owner of private land 1 StW. to permit mining on his property i VI"-) decided by some independent trl runabout the amendment would make the owner' the sole arbiter. In fact, the owner would be able either to permit mining or wfnEe to allow it. If such an amendment were adopted, ft serious injury would be inflicted upon the progress of the mining Industry The proper course to adopt was to introduce a bill on the subject. He could not understand how the Government could assent to the amendment, as they had introduced a bill last session embodying entirely different principles. He desired to know whether the ( Government were in favour of selling the gold with the land, as the hon, member's proposi- tion virtually amounted to? He strongly ob- rected to such an important matter being "called to a bill which was never intended to deal with the subject; and he was sure that it would meet with general opposition on the gold-fields. Mr. SULLIVAN had accepted the amendment because he thought that it would be conducive to the general interests of the country. He was not disposed to give the owners of private lands more power to allow mining on their private property than they possessed at present; but it was well known that they did allow mining, and made the kf t terms which they could with the minors. The object of the amendment was simply to enable the owners of private lands to do law lolly what they now did unlawfully and he thought it was preferable that a practice which the legislature could not put a stop to, should be brought within the purview of the law rather than that it should continue to be carried on Illegally. Mr. M'LELLAN said it was painful, to listen to a Minister of the Crown uttering words without meaning. The Minister of Mines was like a great political gasometer, imitting words which signified nothing. (Laughter) Instead of answering the arguments of the hon. member for Ballarat West, he had evaded the purport of the amendment, tod had shown that he did not even compro tend the meaning of his own bill. One pre rioup occasion the hon gentleman had on posed a similar proposition to that of the hon. member for Castlemaine, on the ground that its adoption would prevent any farther legis though the subject of mining on private property. Mr. SULLIVAN.-No. Mr. M'LELLAN could turn to the pages of forward in support of his assertion ; but the question now before the committee was amply whether the state should hand over all So gold which the land contained to the par- as who had bought, or might buy land. He us altogether opposed to such a course, and the amendment were adopted he would do he could to prevent the bill becoming nt. Mr. DYTE moved an amendment to limit the operation of the provision to contracts on red into previous to the passing of the act. any contracts for mining on private pretty, he said, had been entered into under s impression that they were legal, and he ought it desirable, that such contracts could be legalized ; but he was opposed to a proposition to give the owners of private its power to make such contracts in lore. Mr. "HOUSTON said the effect of the adop n of the proposition of the hon, member for tlemaine would render it unnecessary for HOUSE to undertake any future legislation the subject of mining on private pro- ty. He regretted that the Minister of atB had accepted the proposition. after some remarks from Mr. SULLIVAN i Mr. M'LELLAN, Mr. BERRY remarked that it was under ed when the bill was introduced, that the story of mining on private property would be considered this session. It was not to introduce this question nowbyo6ide d, when it had never been the intention the House that it should be discussed this ion The amendment would tie up the as of the Minister of Mines, and prove of democratic portion of the House from a dealing with the question of mining on the property, r. VALE trusted the hon. member for remains would see that the effect of the cement would be to confer rights on the ra if private property which the House t nottonBsontto, The arguments of hon. here, that the clause would not have this I, had no weight, and the Minister of te was in the unfortunate position of acting a proposition which was opposed Se principles he had advocated every pro- 5 session. He contended that the House t not to have been taken by surprise by amendment proposed at a late hour, and out any notice. The object of the clause It I give to those who had broken the law is and encouragement, and he coast that of late the House had legislated in dishonor much too often. ' "INDON could not see that there was no force in the objections which had urged against the amendment. The " 'was a legal one more than anything but the House was not the proper place Mail to discuss it. If the legal view of ^afraernber for Ballarat East was correct, 'insisted that the clause would be a most sons one, The hon. member's argument -at the proviso would deprive the a of its share of the gold is but what ' be plainer than the words in another n of the clause, which carefully to I the rights of the Crown? The object amendment was simply to legalise coa between owners of land and poor I O' Oh.") Notwithstanding what non. B might say to the contrary, these is were legal now, and might be set the Supreme Court. ON. MEMBER Then, what fathers who amendment-? UNDON said the object of the amend- as to enable miners to do in the court is what they could now do only in the te Court, Arrangements of the kind to were made every day, and if hon. as had been earnest in their objections, and have brought forward resolutions 2 purpose of getting the Attorney 1 to file a bill to recover the royalty, differing from hon, members as to the of the amendment, he had no desire is it, and, acting upon the views ex I by hon. members in whom he had once, he would now withdraw It. HOPKINS moved that the Chairman progress. SULLIVAN pointed out that no pro- met, been made, and he would ask the to agree to at least one clause before ss was reported ROWBOTHAM hoped the House -go into consideration the short "Ow remaining before the close of the and proceed with the bill in corn without any unnecessary delay. ''EY! supported the motion for report S press, and said there were many in measures, among which was the s and Pedlars Bill requiring early TULLOCH reminded hon. members the Mining Bill were not disposed of gas or two, it could not become law sion. AUSTON did not think the Govern was shown any desire to bring the 65s a close. To reinstate bills on the oper after they had been struck off mileages of Persons out of doors of the way to hasten the close of the fîSIN.BOTHAM replied that the Bara By-the measure referred to by member-was not removed from the A "9d, 18s it could not therefore a instated, Semler remarks from Mr. DANE, Mr. Mr. SNODGRASS, Mr. BEERY, and ÍÍSFfL00E said the Mining Bill ifieîïen.PMsed before now, had It KM impediments thrown in the IT £5? 1?imb8r£,> who were anxious M the matters in which they RSS' If the bill were delayed in tend?n0it.n,8htMheGorertt" PI denial that the mining members were open to the charge of impeding the progress of the bill. Mr. M'CULLOCH explained that he did not make this charge against the mining members generally, but against those members who wished to retard the progress of the bill in order that they might bring forward their own measures. In reply to Mr. GILLIES, Mr. SULLIVAN said it was impossible for him to point out to the committee all the remaining clauses of importance in the bill, but he might say that the only clauses of the bill not yet dealt with in which any large principle was involved were those giving validity to mining bye-laws and dealing with titles. Mr. CARPENTER agreed with the hon. the Minister of Mines, that these clauses were of vast importance. The motion for reporting progress was negatived. Mr. DANE wished to know what course the Minister of Mines proposed to pursue, as there were certain measures on the notice paper which hon. members on his side of the House had met to oppose ? Mr. SNODGRASS protested against the hon. and gallant member assuming the position of a leader of the Opposition, when he had no right to any such title. The CHAIRMAN ruled the question out of order. The clause was then agreed to. Clauses 136 to WO, regarding trial by asBcesoip, were omitted, and new clauses, embodying the same provisions in amended phraseology, were adopted. On the suggestion of Mr. GILLIES, clause 162 was amended, SO UB to allow judges to direct the investment of gold or money in a pounded in any suit In Government securities. On clause 242, rendering a person who Insults or assaults any warden, bailiff, inspector, or other officer, in the performance of his duty under the act, liable to a fine or imprisonment. I Mr. HOWARD moved the omission of the word "insult." He thought the clause pro [ posed a most extraordinary penalty for insulting a bailiff, A bailiff was a very objectionable character altogether. (Laughter.) The amendment was adopted. Mr. G. V. SMITH asked whether the proposed inspectors would have certain districts allotted to them, or be inspectors of the mining claims in all parts of the colony? Mr. SULLIVAN was not prepared to enter into details at present. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM moved an amendment, to render any person who disobeyed the order of an inspector liable to the same penalty as a parson who assaulted a warden or other officer. Mr. GILLIES thought that a proper tribunal ought to decide whether the order ought to have been obeyed before a person was punished for disobeying it. Mr. M'LELLAN opposed the amendment, which he characterized as a despotic one. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM intimated his willingness to withdraw the amendment. Mr. G. V. SMITH thought the amendment ought to be adopted. The amendment was withdrawn, and the clause, as previously amended, was adopted. Formal amendments were made in some of the schedules, offer which progress was reported, leave being given to the committee to sit again next day. INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITIONS OF INDUSTRY AND ART. The resolutions adopted in committee on this subject were reported to the House and agreed to. I DIVIDING FENCES BILL. Mr. RICHARDSON moved that this bill be read a first time. Mr. BROWN seconded the motion, which was agreed to. The second reading was made an order of the day for Tuesday next, THE CASE OF MRS, GEORGE WILLIS. The resolution passed in committee with regard to this case, was reported and adopted. The House adjourned at twenty-five minutes to one o'clock, PAIRS, Mr. Harker's bill to abolish State aid to religion. For-Mr. Crews, Mr. Moore. Against-Mr. Wardrop, Mr. Zeal. 