JOHN BAPTIST PRANCISV ~~~' BY THE trRACB Of GOD. AND THE POWER op the Holy Apostolic See, Bishop of Atjck LAND, TO THE CLERGY AND FAITHFUL oV the Diocese Greeting and Benediction Pastoral Letter for the Lent of 186^' on the Importance of the Church for the Spreading and Perservation op JJAITH. Dearly BELOVED.—It is in virtue of the pas toral and Divine Authority of the Church for mat« ters of Salvation that we have (0 observe, durjnJ Lent, penitential practices of abstinence, fast, anj good works. To obey the authority of the Church is to obey the authority of God, who has made a delegation of it to the first Pastors of the Church* and, consequently, to obey them is not to. obey simply men, but it is to obey the authority ef God viz , God Himself, represented and acting by them* in matters of Faith and Christian morality. Hence his solemn orders and declarations: 'Go ye and teach a 1 nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son and of the Holv Ghost.' 'Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you' for then (1st Matt., ch. xxviii., v. 19 and 20.) 'He that believeth,' you teaching, ' and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeth not* shall be condemned.' — (Matt., ch. xvi , ? v. 10). Hence, ' he that heareth you heareth me.'1 (Luke ch. x., v. 16.) From such solemn words we could say, without any apprehension of error, that all that the Pastoral Authority of the Church says in matterg of Faith, is infallibly true; and that all that icordars in matter of morality, is infallibly good. To under* stand more and more the Catholic principles for Cnristian belief and life, let us reflect on the Apos* ties' Creed, and especially on the article of it, which is worded in this manner,— ' I believe the Holy Catholic Church.' The Apostles' Creed is composed of twelve articles, according to the number of Apostles1 because, from some grave testimonies of the ecclesiastical history, the Apostles, before they separated at Jerusalem to go and teach all nations; wrote it each of them putting in it an important truth or article of Faith. Be this statement certain 01 not in history, at all events the Apostles' Creed ia a tradition of the Church from the time of her first Apostolic labourers, and has remained always an accurate analyeis of the principal truths of Faith. It coHv.eya, indeed, at once, to human minds, an amount of truths well seclected from Divine Revelation, to enable a soul to possess a savins: faith in its theory, and to please God foe salvation. Two things, in fact, are of precept on the part of God for His applying to men the benefits of Redemption, viz : First, The gift of faith, with a sufficient knowledge of its principal truths, and Secondly, The graces of the Sacrament of Baptism, that gives to man a spiritual regener*. tion and filiation towards God and the Churchy and opens to him all her treasures of sanctity on earth, and her eternal felicity in Heaven. Without thase two conditions, that is without Faith and Baptism, no body could be saved; the Holy Ghost saying, that without faitb.it is impossibls to please Ged. Sine fide impossitiile est placere Deo, (St. Paul, ch. xi., v. 6.) It is not at all a precept on the part of God, nor oa the part of the Church, to know nil the truths of faith containeJ in the Holy Scriptures, but it is a rral precept to know the Apost'es' Creed; because ic contains all the tru'hs essential to a saving faith* Htnoe it is more important to know the Apostles' Creed as an Apostolic tradition of the Divine truths of faith.^han to possess.all the written Word of God in the inspired books of the Holy Scriptures8 with which the essential truths of faith could not of en be well discerned by readers, and without which, faith is accurately communicated by the wisdom and traditional teaching of the Church* So it is not at all surprising that all Christian pople— even souls separated from the Church, Have gensrally accepted the Apostles' Creed, and, by this fact, have paid a tribute of homage to the Churbh delivering this important tradition of thfr Word of God. Although the Apostles' Creed does not belong by its letteis to the Sacred books of the Holy Scrip, tures, still, by its meaning, it belongs to the Faith, itself contained in thecn. Now, what is mor& important in Faith, is not the letter, whicfc is its visible sign, but it is the invisible thing signified and often concealed under the letters: viz , it is the meaning or the apprehension of the doctrine of Faith. Of what use would be the Holy Scriptures themselves, if their true mean ing, or the things often signified equivocally by the letter, would not be apprehended ? But the Church, by her Creeds of tradition, and oral teaching, gives the true meaning of what is to pe ktiown ia the matters of Faith and Christian. life ; and as the knowledge of what is to be known iiVFaith is better, and far more important, than the letter itself of the inspired books, it can be said, with truth, that thft teaching authority of the Church is moie useful than Holy Scripture itself. Hence the memorable ffords of St. Paul, who says, that ' The letter killeth and the Split giveth life';'! (2 Cor., ch. iii., v. 6 ) The let'er, indeed, is like the skitt ot the fruit, and the meaning is the fruit itself According to such a principle of truth and experience, the Apostles, guided by the Holy Ghost, who remains with their Divine Authoity for ever, thought with Him, in His wisdom, that it was very expedient to make a Creed or a Short Abridgment ot the Truths of Faiib for hastening its spreading and preserving its unity amongst the nations of the world. Hence the com» position of the Apostles' Creed has become a docr- na nt of Fai:h quite belonging to the Church ana trie Holy Gho«t, in the same manner as her decrees and decisions in Councils, in which she say.«, a& she said in the first Council, at Jerusalem, tor her decisions, and orders ; ' These are the things that seem good to the Holy Glust and to me to be decided and admitted.' (Acts, ch. xv., r. 28. Then, instead of delivering the Holy Scriptures of the New Testemant, which Jii nOt exist at that time, and of which they postponed the work of writing tkem, they hastened to plant Faitn every where, by the means of a Creed ani by oral tradition,. As- for the. Holy Scriptures, ihsy. wrote, whein many years afterward*, on their di-persion amongst people of various languages: lome wrote the HolyGospeh, some others v. o'e th» Acts of ApMilM, Mtua others holj .lifttm ?* A**** .*&». . moral, some others this or that part of the New , Testemant, which is an inspired book, and the' compilation of which was made only in the 2nd , Century of the Chnrch, that is, after the death even, ; of the Apostles, its inspired writers, and by the ? work and the same Divine Pastoral Authority of - their lawful Successors in Episcopacy As for the Apostles' Creed it is like the Church, elder in the world than the Holy Scriptures them- selves of the New Testament. It is a great monument of this truth, that the authority of-the Church and her oral tradition of the Word of God, were the living rule of Faith ; and it has been always so in the course of all ages and in all nations. The Holy Scriptures are the records of Faith written on paper, under the Catholic interpretation and explanation of the pastors divinely commissioned to teach. They are a rule of Faith, showing the letter of it ; but they remain 'silent before all false interpretations, contradictions, and protestations, leaving all men to receive the true meaning of the disputed and difficult passage s, to the first and living rule of Faith, that fs to the pastoral authority of the Church ordered by God to teach all nations up to the consummation of the world. Of what utility and of what import-, ance is the Church's living authority ! This Divine authority is the writer and deliverer of both the Apostles' Creed and the New Testament. Both. proceed from her first. pastors acting under the direction of the Holy Ghost for the composition of the Creed, and under a special inspiration for the letter and meaning of the Holy Scriptures. Hence the Apostles's Creed, belonging to the Church in a certain sense, aa her decrees of Ecumenical Councils, is to be received with veneration and submission as the Holy Gospel itself according to the spirit' of Saint Augustine, who, knowing well the operations of the Holy Ghost, preserving always the Church from error and guiding her in all truths, and having inspired her Apostles for the writing of the New Testament, said that he believed the four Ecumenical Councils as he believed the four Holy Gospels. Now, Dearly Beloved, from the most notorious facts of the history of the Church and of the Faith which we have just stated, it becomes certain : First. That the pastoral authority of the Church is Divine — in our Divine Saviour the source of it, in His Apostles sent by him, with their lawful successors to teach up to the consummation of the world ; that His assistance and the direction of the Holy Ghost are with them for ever. Hence this game authority is a living authority, established by God at first in His Church, to convey Faith to men and to preserve it everywhere in its purity and integrity. Secondly. From the foregoing statements it be comes certain, that the Church is a moral social body of Apostolic teachers and pastors and of docile hearers and believers ; that she is previous to the Holy Scriptures of the New Law, called the New Testament ; that the powers of her living, pastoral authority are not conveyed to her by the Holy Scriptures of the New Testament, which ex isted only a leng time after her being established ; that these powers are not also received from any creature within her pale, or out of it, nor from any potentate in the wnrld ; but they come to her principal pastors the Apostles and their successors from JesuB Christ alone, ' who has all power in , Heaven and on earth.' Thirdly. It is certain also that the Catholic 1 teaching' of the Church is the firi-t and essential living rule of Faith. Hence the precept of the Apostles — 'Believe the Holy Catholic Church,1' IndetG, how erroneous is then the saying of people living out of her pale, that the Holy Scripture is the only rule of faith, when without it, the edifice of the Faith and the Church was built at large, and the Church covered the face of the earth ! On the contrary, is not the Church in her first [.a tors the | writer, the compiler, the interpreter, and the judge |; of the Holy Scriptures themselves, viz, ot their I; authenticity, integrity, canonicity, and divine I inspiration, and of all the contradictions or pro~ I testations which have been made from her bt ginning and may be made by the Spirit of Darkness and perdition during ages to come? Yes; she is established by God to militate always against error and the doctrines of evil. But now, why is the article of the Apostles' Creed— 'I believe the Holy Catholic Churci.''— enjoined to men for the Divine belie! of Christian I Faith? I Here let us admire the wisdom of the Holy I Ghost directing his Apostles who are his agents, I mt ministers in the Church. By reading with I reflection the Apostles' Creed, we see that a6 soon as I our belief is aBked for the Holy Trinity, viz , for ij God the Father Creator of Heaven and earth, for I- *j18 On'y Son our Lord Jesus Christ, and for the I Holy Ghost, then immediately men are ordered to |: believe the Holy Catholic Church. Why ? Be. 1 cause by believing the Church, they are ebliged to |: believe her infallible teaching of her Apostolic I ministers of God, and thereby the truths of faith g: ate preserved in their purity and integrity. Of M tthAt use, indeed, would be the divine Revelation, m although infallibly true in its origin— that is, in H wod, from whom it has issued— if it could be Rj altered or become not infallibly true in its mode oi N ''^mission to mankind as would be the case if H fin. ?ould Bot have endowed with His own in° g 'ailibilny the Apostles and the body of their lawiul M Uccess°r3, whom He has ecelusively commissioned M '0 teach all nations? But thanks be to His wis.. M mm I by the institution of an infallible body of m f, fi'1 and bv the institution of the Church I her Which is a moral bo(|y of hearers and ? in if'!''* S0CIetv really divino- human, He has 9 ftiiK world with an infallible teaching and 1 lU.^ lnfallibl-s depositary of all the truths of 1 taV Uon» against which the gates of Hell shall ffi tlP fpr'Val1* Tlms Qod has established a princi i e4 trUUl wMch if beld weIi bv men- would for B FaitlfreVunt al* errors and divisions on matters of R a '''. because the testimony of her lawful or S 4te8iCteacher8 has become for ever not merely 'm nia?^ of men as meni ^ a testimony of men E givii aS Ot God with bis Divine mission, and ? of GnH u e y a ^ivme testimony or the testimony f& mi . . H«n«elf, who has Baid so clearly that He 1 Ghost f' m and teuaain witb tbem by the Holy 53 Hill h. v^'l^U and. co*u8equently a)l souls who. I Nitv. ,J ? m» hear Himseif'-viz., all souls who I !«» no. * teachinB. believe Hjb teaching : | wi aud* m, audit. Hence, how wiie, how 1 useful, how 'important, how necessary, to His pre'j cepts to believe the Church as an article of Faith '?. and to believe what the Church teaches, as an infallible depositary, and a Divine article for the transmission of the Heavenly Revelation to alLth. world ! Now if you take away the living Pastoral authorit\ of the Church, which is a principle of a divim certitude for the truths of Faith, as well as a princi pie of unity and union amongst Christians, and if you admit the laws of revelation in the Holy Scrip tures alone, grounding their interpretation upon human reason alone, upon private judgement, then at once the Divine basis of faith is banished ; it is impossible to preserve it ; and the way is opened to all contradictions and interpretations, to all errors, to all divisions of doctrine, and to a spiritual anarchy of thoughts and sects in matter ef religion. How ean private judgements, private individuals, private religious societies out of catholicity, claim the title of Divine infallibility 1 To which individual or individuals separated from the Church, did God sav : that to hear him or them, is to hear himself ; that he has given to them the direction of the Holy Ghost for ever ? No, to nobody has God so spoken, except to the living authority of the Church, that is, to the Apostles with their lawful successors really commissioned by Him. Therefore the principle of the living pastoral authority of the Church, is a principle of Divine infallibility, of a holy unity of Faith and of the Church for oil ages and nations. But the false principle of the private judgment exclusively em. ployed for interpreting the Holy Scripture as a only Rule of Faith, is the source of -all contradic tions and protestations of heretics, from the begion ing of the Church, viz., from the Nicolaites and Gnostics and from so many other erring souls during the course of ages, and even up to this time of so many divisions and errors, during which we see even in New Zealand, people having with their private thoughts, gone so far as to find in the Holy Scriptures, by their false interpretations, a system of a new doctrine already known by the new name of Pai Marire, and containing the most absurd and ridiculous tenets and practices. This is a fruit gathered again from the principle that the Hoiy Scriptures are the only rule of Faith, and that the privata judgement may interpret them in the manner contrary to the testimony of the Holy Catholic Church. Alas ! all heresies have sprung up from one same false principle, viz., fiom the principle of protestation against the living authority of the Church, against her interpretations of the written Holy Word of God, and they have been and shall be always like ficticious stars : for, at a time given by providence, they vanish and disappear to return no more; whilst the living authority of the Church continues to accomplish its work of faith and salvation in all ages and nations. The Church can always say to every one: 1 am ' the Church of the Living God,' ' the pillar and ground of truth ;' to hear my teaching, is to hear the teaching of God, who has commissioned my Pastors to deliver and to interpret His revela tion, and to judge all the interpretations of it ttiat would coutradct the true meaning of the holy Scriptures: so the Church may speak with authority to all the secrets of heresy. but what can the numbers of them say to each other, in their endless inventions and divisions? They may say one to another what theirfounderssaid to the lawful pastars of the holy Catholic Church : you are wrong and I am right in the interpretation of the Divine revelation ; for it was well observed by the Fathers of the Cnurch, in hor first Ct.il urie-, that the followers of heresies, for instance the Marcionists and Valentinians, could say and do a Marcion and Valentine did. These parents of heresies had disobeyed in belief the lawful pastors of the Church, and their disciples could disobey them in the same manner, and separate from them, saying to them : you are wroug and we are right ; we shall judge for ourselves, according to our own private minct and our own interpretation ef the word of Q-od. Hence divisions after divisions amongst them, up to a final dissolution and extinc tion of their sects. How unreasonable, how sinful and dangerous it is to leave the teaching of the living authority of the Church in matters of Faith and Salvation ! her testimonies are divine; she always give them by the ' tKouh of her canonical pastors, viz, by the Apostles in the beginning, aud by their successors in all ages ; her divine docrrine has been received, taught and defendad by the most learned Doctors in her Episcopacy and Priesthood ; it has been wi'ne6sed, heard and believed by innumerable souls distinguished in all virtues, and from all ages and nations; it has been confessed by the blood of martyrs of an immense number also : and finally the truth ef the Church and of her doctrine has been sealed by the testimony of God himself, even before the Holy Scripture of the New Testament, existed. This solemn testmony is the same as that which He gave for proving the Divinity of Jesua Christ Himself; for ihe Church operated, accord ing to Saint Luke in the acts of the Apostles, all the miracles which were operated by our Divine Saviour. She can say indeed with Him to prove her Heavenly mission : I am the true Church of the living God, because by my Apostolic ministry, ' the blind see, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead rise again, the poor have the Gospel preached to them, and blessed are they who are not scandalised in me.*' As I atn commissioned by God to teach all Nations, I am always visible and notorious in order to enable them to come to my fold and to be saved ; for says Jesus Christ nay Divine Master and yours speaking of me: who does not hear the Church becmes by the fact, like a heathen and a sinner out of salvation ; qui ecclesiam non audierit sit tibi ticul ethnicus et publicanus. The marks by which you shall know me, are the unity of my doctrine of faith ; the unity of my sacraments instituted by the Divine Redeemer ; and the unity of my Sacred Ministry in the cauoni' cal hierarchy of pastors from the sovereigh Poniiti at Rome, and the Bishops in their respective dio ceses, up to the last member of the Clergy in my fold. So, I am the Church one, and the only true one. Whosoever, even a minister who does not enter by the gate of ray fold, viz., without a canoni- ? cal and visible mission received from the liviwg Episcopal authority, ii not a pastor of mine, nor of my Master tht Goad Shepherd in Heaven, ; My second mark is Holiness. Yes, God ha\ made me holy in Jesus Christ my Founder; in thr' apostolical authority of my pastors ; in my Faith, in my laws, and in an innumerable multitude of. saints amongst my Pastors and faithful, in all tin ranks of society, in all ages and nations, and, if ?ilas! too many souls of my fold may have been; lost, their Iosb is from themselves; I have to weep; over them ; but the institution of my supernatural; society and Pastorship, remains always holy and. Divine, with my faith and a great multitude of m\ Members. ; My thiri mark is Catholicity. I am the Catholic Church and the only one which can be called with such a great name. All the other religious societies have appellations taken from the names of their human founders, but I am called the Catholic Church, because my doctrine and my society are from God alone, viz., from Jesus Christ the Re deeiner of all men in all ages and nations, if they will receive the application of red em p. tion by faith and baptism. My Faith and supernatural society of teachers and believers are for the same purpose, for the salvation of ail the people of the earth and I have been always morally visible amongst them. Nothing new in Fautiiaan be admitted by me; but I deliver always what has been delivered from the beginning to the living authority of my Pastors and to the faith of .ny beleivers. O People of the Earth, O Souls redeemed by a Divine Blood, is it not bettei to belive the Word of God in the Holy Scriptures interpre'ed and under-* stood by the unanimity of the Catholic Church, vig , by the great majority of Christians of all ages and nations, by docile believers and by teachers divinely commissioned for teaching, than to believe the same Holy Scri$iures interpreted and understood differen tly by private human individuals in their priva'e judgement,' and by their private sects, that protest against tun Catholic Church, and so often against each other by their endless divisions in matters of FaiUi ? What can be said of disciples contradicting, wit i human reason alone, the teaching of lawful teachers and maste-s «ho act from a Divine Com mission ? What c.in be said also of men attempting to jadge without suih a mission, the-infallible de cisions of the Divine Authority of the Catholic Church ? Alas ! pride, only pride, the vice of the fal len Angel, has taught men to c.Knmit such system* of folly! But the Churlish lenairis, as she always was. Holy and Catholic. She Iias also the mark of Apostolicity ; she is the Apostolic Church, p -ewviiig the faith of the Apostles, and always provided with their authority in our Holy Father the Pope at Rome, the successor .»f St. Peter, and iu the Bishops of the vast flock in their respective Dioceses, where they labour as the awful successors of tlie Apostles. N-'Ver anj inter ruption nf lawful succession and jurisdic i 'U from the time of the Apostles up to this present day, as it shall be so up to the end of the world ! vSuch is, Dearlv Beloved, the great consolation which ||we must feel in studying ths tides, the prerogatives, and ih« great importance of the Hoiy Catholic Church, our mother for the matters of salva i in. r It would be in vain to say that when the Holy Scriptures v^«re made, they have become a sufficient means to letki tnen for thetruths of laith and Chris tiah life. T $ o, says St. Peter, they want, in many difficult plsjces, to oe rigrhtly interpreted, and no interpretation must bo private; omnis prophetia Scriptures propria biter pretatione von fit. (2 St. Peter's epistle, c. i , v 20.) The living authority of the Church has not ceased by havinu given to the world the writ en Christian law o* Revelation. The same authority subsists always to keep in purity and integrity those sacred books, with the Catholic and Divine interpretation of their true meaning. Hence, after some parts of the New Testament were written, and badly interpreted by Novators, in the time of the Apostles, St. Pdter us^'d his divine authority of Apostolic teacher, to judge those Nova tors m their bad interpretations, and condemned them, sayins: to the Faithful anJ Pastors, that fose men corrupted the lioly Sciiptures for their own perdition. (2 St. Peter, c. iii., v. 16.) So said also St. Paul and St.,John, who reproved Heretics and forbad the Faithful and Pastors to have any spinut! communion with them (Tim., c. iii.; 2 St. John v. 7, 8, 9, 10, 11.) Hence, evidently, the Pastoral authority of the Church for teaching has remained always the living rule of faith, f*r more useful and necessary than the Holy Scriptures themselves. It i« true to say that the living authority of the Church has been quite sufficient, during more than one century, to plant and spread the Faith and the Church in all nanons under Heaven, before the compilation of fhe New Testament ; and it would not be le»s true lo say that, if now, by supposition, the New Testament would be lost in the world, the name living authority of the Church would maintain propagate, and preserve Faith all over the earth, as, she did, in her first age?, by her Creed, Catechisms, and Decrees of Councils, where the Holy Ghost invisibly preaides by His assistance and direction. But, en the contrary, if the living authority would cease to be, and the Holy Scriptures would remain alone, then the Church should hypothetically perish, as a civil society itself, '.that would be deprived of living authorities and having only c'vil laws without any magistrates, judges, and rulers. All bad interpolations of the law would spring up ; all kinds of divisions of sentiment, anarchy, and a complete social dissolution, would take place. But, Dearly Beloved, lei us conclude by thanking the wisdom and goodness of God. He h-u- preserved and always will preserve the living authority of the Church up to the end of tlie world, according to his divine promises. That authority, in his name thrice holy, can always confound all errors, impostures anu fanaticism, as Moses confounded the magicians of Pnaraoh, as St. Ptiter confounded Simon the magi cian by making him even fall, from a certain etev^ tion in the air, lo the ground. The living auihoiiu of the Church has the same power to repeat what ctie Apostles saiil to the Faithful of their time : ' beware of fal%e Prophets and deceivers;' the matk oi their falsehood is their want of canonicity, that is, if they du not enter the fold with a canonical mission from episcopacy. What a power finally is given t 1 the. authority of the Church ! It goes so far, thai St. Paul does not hesitate io declare, that the'F-utl-- lul must say anathema to au Augel of Heaven, who would descend on earth, snd t«»ch another doctiiue ?h.'n thai which has been pieaMied #ua we testi mony of^God. How could ind/td God contradict fTod himself in authorising to preach against tha ?loctrine of the Church which is his ewn ! Thus you see, Dearly Beloved, how very im- portant is the living authority of the Church ! ? It is true that this divine institution of Pastors,' Is composed of men, but of men always called, ordaiaed and divinely commissioned, God endowing their moral body or generality, with infallibility to teach. and giving to each individual of them special graces nf ordination, to fulfil with accuracy their sacred functions, and to teach the Catholic Doctrine of the infallible and Holy Catholic Church. So, God, in the freedom of his wisdom, had been pleased to save men by the co- operation of men. Hence his beloved Son our Lord Jesus Christ, was made man to save all men. The huneanity of the Bleseed Virgin Mary ever Virgin, was selected by the Holy Ghost to ba the real mother of the divine Redeemer, who is the source of all truths of faithy of all the powers of the Church, and of all the graces of sanctification. Thus His mother, the most Holy Virgin Mary, by having had the divine missioti to give birth to Him, has become the greatest Bene factress of mankind. So, our divine Saviour has been pleased also to employ the humanity of the Apostles and their successors to teach, by their sacred mouths, all nations, as he did himself in Judea by His Most Holy humanity. So again.'he has institu ted rfii Church, the Holy Catholic Church, which is composed of regenerated mea by fiith and baptism and has become the depositary of all divine re vela* tion8. Let us then submit to the institutions of God ; let us love as our spiritual Parents the Church1 herself; the Apostolic Pastors of her living authority preaching the true faith ; and the Blessed Virgia. Mary, having given to the world Jesus Christ the author of faith and salvation, and the object of all - our love in time and eternity. ' Let us then, Dearly Beioved, be docile to him by being docile to hi* Church, especially in this sal* \x*.xry time of Lent, by accomplishing diligently our paschal duties, viz., our paschal confessions snd communions ; by doing the pood works ot penauce and cnarity ; by offering to God fervent prayers, and to the Church, alms of propitiation for her poor, for her religious want*, and for her works of sancti fication. Let us pray with her for our Holy Father the Pope in his trials; for all her Pastors and flock, specially for thh Diocese ; for the temporal rulers of the country ; for the triumph f the true faith and. charity over all errors and evils; for the pacification of the nations at war, and particularly of New Zealand ; aud for the salvation of is two races of inhabitants. ( - ? For these holy purposes, and, in spirit of the communion of saints, we order the daily recitation .if the following prayers, viz., the Oretnus pro Papa and pro pace by the Clergy at Mass, and one Pater and one Ave by the Laity, till an«vr advice shaU be yjiven by us. This pastoral letter, for the Lent, shall be read in. all the Churches of the Diocese on the first Sunday after its reception, and on one of the three Sundays before Holy Trinity Sunday, which ends tha paschal time in this Diocese. May the grace and peace of our Lord Jeaaa. Christ be with you all I Given from our Cathedral of St. Patrick, at &.uck» land, on the 26th of Februrary, 1865. t JOHN BAPTIST FRANCIS, Bishop of Auckland. 