GHOSTS. \----------- THE peculiar shrinking which ghost stories excite in children's and in some mature minds is due to the peculiar combination they present of the familiar and the unknown—the complete transformation of the conditions of existence which [?] is supposed to introduce, while leaving the expression on the eye unchanged— the sense of a gulf between this state and the other which dims outlines, and muffles sounds, and creates the confusion between our own faded memories and the phantoms which seem to flit towards us from the other side. It is not merely our ignorance of the laws which govern disembodied spirits which creates an alarm, but our ignorance of those laws in the case of beings whom we have been accustomed to think of as obeying the same laws as our own. The shiver ghost stories cause is the shiver of kinship with beings that are supposed to have passed through a marvellous change. It is not the mere tenuity, but the vacuum whence so much has disappeared — the awe of disappointed sense and memory, wondering, where so much is changed, how much may remain — the same start of sur- prise with which groping in the dark in a fami- liar place we come on some unknown open trap- door, and feel that we dare neither grope fur- ther nor recede; it is not the apprehension of what is wholly new, but the far more startling apprehension of an unfathomed change of law in what is old. Such ghosts as these, the true ghosts which haunt the imagination, whether they haunt the earth or not, seem to be perishing out of our modern life. Whether it be the law of "natu- ral selection" which is disposing of the old old ghosts, and superseding them by the spirit- rapping, knot-untying, ungrammatical, ill-spell- ing ghosts of to-day, which have no shadows for the memory and no spoil for the conscience or the heart — for who could feel awe of a ghost that uses nicknames, drops its h's, and is other- wise open to the sting of polite sarcasm? — or whether, as we suspect, the ghostly fevers and agues of life are being prevented much as small- pox is prevented, by vaccinating us with a more animal and milder form of the same disease in the shape of the materialistic spiritualism— we cannot tell ; but it seems certain that the ghosts of to-day are much less impressive, much less ghastly, much less serious, much less remorse- ful, much less dramatic, much less human, than the old ghosts of whom we have been speaking. Let us forget them for a few minutes to recall the mingled mental and moral awe a true ghost story should excite. One point which shows conclusively that it is not the mere spiritual condition, but the shaken imagination caused by the great change of con- dition, — the immeasurable transformation of state, — which startles us in a ghost story, is the greater eeriness attaching to the stories of fetches, or second selves visible while the first selves still remain in the flesh, than even to ghost stories. The German story of the student who fought a duel with a spectre, who when he dropped the cloak from his face was seen to be himself, always strikes a fresh hearer as one of the most ghastly in existence. There is a story in Mr. Owen's book of a rescue at sea accom- plished through the apparition of a passenger by a ship in great danger of perishing in the cabin of the captain of another ship many miles dis- tant. The apparition, in the presence of the mate wrote "Steer no'-west" on the captain's slate, and then vanished. The captain made the mates and all his crow write the same words on the other side of his slate, but none of the hand- writings at all agreed, and he put the ship north- west as an experiment. In two or three hours they came up with a dismantled ship frozen to an iceberg, and with a living crew and pas- sengers. One of them was recognised by the mate as the apparition he had seen in the cap- tain's cabin, and asked to write "Steer nor'- west" on the other side of the slate, the writing was so completely identical that he could not himself tell which he had just written. The story adds that he had been in a heavy sleep at the time, and had awakened with a very strong impression of a coming relief, an impression which he had communicated to the captain of the distressed ship. This story has nothing in any proper sense dreadful about it. Yet it pro- duces, so long as you yield your faith to it, the peculiar startled thrill of a ghost story almost as completely, if not more so, than the most terrible legends of corpses re-animated by fiends. The peculiar homeliness of the circumstances, — the supposed test of the handwriting — the in- voluntary character of the seemingly voluntary act. — the physical result to a dream, — the fore- boding which pencilled itself in the imperative mood at a distance of many miles,— all fill you, while you can believe them, with such a pro- found sense of unknown chasms in life opening at your feet that the shiver of new and strange possibilities vibrates through you. —Spectator. 