(To the Editor of the Queenr).tand TEises.) Smr,--Thele recent coupd'ictatofthe Anglo-Irish Govern ment in sacking the offie of tie Irish People newspper, and the "rigorous measures" which immedistelyfol lowed in the wake of that exploit, have been reported by the home correepondents as being the central point of interest in the public affairs of the old country. Although statements of the main facts agree completely, there is somewhat of a discrepancy on the sitbject between tile opinions and infererees of thegentlemen of the press: srme describe the Fenias Brotherhood as contemptible and inenouous in the extreme-a body of ignorant and blundering sans enteurs, who have no deft nite idea of what they areelamouring for, nor the smal. eet capacity to give a moment's uneasiness to her Majesty's Government; others represent the Brother hood as having taken root deep and wide, both in Ire land and America, and as having no smnall share of American aid and sympathy; it is also said that Fenianism has its representatives amongst the celes wherein its existence is most to bie deplored-in the ranks of British seamen and soldiers. Between these conflicting reports (coupled with the fact of the ultra "vigorous measures") we may reason ably arrive at the conolusion that Jenianism at all events means sometbing, and that the men for whose special benefit all the privileges of the glorions British constitution have been so energetically suspended (even to the extent of confiscation of property prior to trial and conviction) must be to a certain extent in e~rnest, and seek for somewhat more than our favourite Queens land amusement of "a game at soldiers." . The most damning point against these misguided felonsis--soeeord to the highest authorities-that they are men of no "respectability or stake in the country"-that in accord, ing to the orthodox nineteenth century and British ide. of the "'respectble." They are not of thegenteel or "upper ten' who gyrate vound the magic nueleutis of Dublin Castle, nor yet of those ponderous landed pro' prietors (probably the most degraded clase now extant) who preach the regeneration of Ireland through model farms, Scotch stewards, and fat cattle. Thljnst and admirable notion of what constitutes respeetablity hae, of course, its hosts of adhlerents : no man but the pos sessor of" a stake in the country," we are taught, makes an eficient revolutionist. But some will say that life is a great stake too, and that their lives are what these Jenian traitors are confidently said to have set upon the east of the die. It excites no small amount of wosnder in the mensible andpractical portion of the community that Ireland should continue to produce, in regular eacoeseion, her crop of rebels and traitors, as naturelly as her. soil growa pigs and potatoes. It is a singular and lament able istance, say they, of perveroity, and no philoso phical mind would dream of looking for the?nuse in anything else than a national antipatly to ?n sacred principles of "law and order." For many centuries now lhap Ireland been the pestilent dificoulty of Eng land, and it does seem that even if the material eub stance of any power of national resistance be (as it is confidently laid down by our English friends) Jou1 since deceased, that still the ghost of it will not be still in the grave, but wanders abontnver the land, searing away all rational people by its ill-omened visage. - Yes, oncertl 01, mastern i There's ao, our so.t 'lthln, A pnt so reen, nsd strong I ween, As ditsectoen's sin. 'Twill grow on. 'twill blow on, Whateve eu mcly dC, With aurtu? ood,. f rs aed blood, o The tood on whioh tegrew i The grest neutralising influence, however, to all Fenian action is said to be the opposition of Tthe priest hood, whlich certainly both in Ireland and America, has been unanimous, rabid, and unecrupulonus. Bishops have bepastoralled, denomuced, and ireecsantly tried to "squeleh" us. We ame told any resistance to a hIateful and grinding tyranny is damnable and sinful, and that thle only sure road to Heaven is by thie suffer ance in all patience and good temper of national shame and destruction. The only approved method it'appears for us to follow in our desire for Ireland's regeneration is the old cafe constitutional method, which taunght men to nmouthl and rant, to whisper or bully, after a fashion which has justly made Ireland asd tile Irish the amusement and contempt of tile whole civilised world. The Feniaus have taken the only stand which, whether it result in failure or not, is worthy of men who know thie meaning of common sense and common self-respect. Very encellent Cathrbolics, as many of them'aro,'they still clearly deny the right of the priests td presume to rule them in matters national or political. It is not in thlat huge anti-national elerical manufactory, Maynooth, that young Irishmet can be supposed to imbibe thlose principles which would qualify them for national guides and prophets; and the sooner these holy men riealiae that fact the better for tthe interests of true religion. They will not find that all Roman Catholics are auch imbe ciles as to acquaint thiem, even in their spiritual capa city, with any'seerete in which they have no right to meddle, and which no reasoning individual will con ceive it incumbent on his conscience to reveal. The Irish nation now has not its existene in Ireland, and its transplantation does not tend to conserve the feel ing whlich once was so natural to the Irish p?leantry, namely, the surrender of both soul and body into the lhands of his ghostly director. As a rule, the Catholio clergy are to-day the best special constables of England, yet are there still men amongst them honest in word and deed, aud nlwho in any struggle for independence would be found on the side of the people undeterred by either authority or denunciation. Feoiunism may be as. cad and weak a blhndcr in action as its opponents believe it to be, but it is well at all crents for Irishmec to have at length arrived at a correct idea-an idea the reverse of that whichl de graded us as a nation for so many miserable years, under the regime of venerated piriests anud prelates, and that mean and mighty man Daniel O'Conncll. I am, Sir, truly yours, A FEIIAN BRIOTIHER. Jn the Supreme Court, Brisbane, on Friday, Mr. HIandy, counsel for Patrick Cribbcn, announced that hlie intended to move for a new trial. Thie Wrleyon Methodist body had a demonstration oni Sunday. A body of people proceedcd from Ithe chapel near Wickhamu-llerree, in the liorning, Jo the rising giounid becyond the Stratton Hotel, stopping at eachl pablichouse on the road, singing hymns and invit ing per.-ons to join tlheir unnber. \VWbhen the camp was reachcd, discourses were dehlicered by ditferet' persons, until about 1 o'clock. An adjournmeunt then took.place for about an hour; and in thie afternoon a sermon was preached by Miss ThIonme. Jt wo announced tht a love- feast noldd lake place at Oxley Creek on Monday next, lwhiclh is to be obserrcd as a general holiday. Courier. 