THE NEW PRESIDENT. Practically Abraham Lincoln is President of the American Republic for the next four years. Until March, 1S69, should his life be spared, the ex-rail-splitter and ex-attorney will have the destinies of the American people very much in his own hands. The election is not yet formally made, but it it known that he has already more than the majorities required both in the States snd in the Electoral College. It if also a noteworthy fact that this time, when he is known, and after a rule of nearly four years, hb majorities are much larger than they were ia 1861. Then he was put forward as ? comparatively untried man, who belonged to the Republican party, and who was under stood to be right on the slavery question. Since his firat election one of the greatest wan ever known in the history of the world has raged with the utmost fury ; ? national debt ' proaching in amount that of England has ?;. -\ contracted; thousandiof precious Uvm lave bean destroyed, and untold sacrifices have been made ; and all this has beta the result of Mr. Lincoln's election to the Presidentship; and yet, notwithstanding all, the enthusiasm of his countrymen has again elevated him to the proudest position which an American citizen can occupy. If we ask how this comes to pass, the answer is at band. Mr. Lincsln is not what may be called a great man. He has no large amount of intellectual or administrative ability. He sprang from the people, and by dint of hit own industry and shrewdness raised himself to the position of a respectable attorney and sn ordinary political speaker. His manners are said to be coarse ; but he has a sort of broad humour and a large collection of anecdotes which he uses at convenient season?, snd which are supposed to contribute in no small degree to his popularity. But for the enthusiasm which he has inspired during the present election we must seek a different cause. Abraham Lincoln the man would never hive laid hold of the public mind or evoked the public sympathies as he ha3 done. The grand secret of his popularity and success is that he is understood to represent a principle, and that principle is a living and earnest protest against slavery. We do not say that in his personal character there are not traits which have won for him a large measure of esteem. He is believed to be a man of great simplicity and of sterling hocesty ; a dogged, stubborn man, who, having got hold of what he believes to be a great truth, is deter mined to go through with it at all hazards. But it is because he is to the Republican party of the Federal States the very embodiment of their anti- slavery convictions that they have supported him by such vast majorities. Then, in addition to this, he has ex pressed his determination to carry on the war against the Confederates until the complete j emancipation of the negro race is an accom plished fact. He has hitherto refused persis tently to sheathe the sword, except on the basis of full emancipation.' He is regarded then as no less th« representative of the war principle than he is of the emancipation policy in the North. The strongest party amongst the Federals have no wish at present to close the war.' Tip to this time they have been unable to- subdue the South. Their largest armies have been ably met at every point ; their most skilful genertk have found their equals and in most instances their superiors on the field. The Federals, therefore, are not satisfied that a war which to them has been bo barren of results, and which has brought them so small a mo dicum of military fame, should close now. There can be but little doubt that Mr. Lincoln's firm determination to prosecute tho war as long at men and money can be found has had a great deal to do with his, triumphant posi tion as President-elect. General McOleUan . was put forward by the Democrats on avowedly peace principles. They were anxious to terminate the war, and yet to retain the ' peculiar domestic institution.' They were willing to conciliate the Confederates by allowing tho slavery question to remain intact. McClellan,- however, refused to commit himself to a peace policy. And the difference between him and Lincoln is that he wished to maintain the Union by retaining slavery, whereas Lincoln wished to main tain the Union while destroying shivery. In : the present state of feeling ia the Northern States Mr. Lincoln's views are most popular, became they are most in harmony with public sentiment. Account for it as we may, there has undoubtedly a great change passed over the people in the Northern States on the important question of shivery. When the war began the Abolitionists were a mino* rity, and not a very powerful one. The emancipation policy carried to its full extent was »n after-thought on the part of the Pre sident — a war measure which the exigencies of the Federals seemed to render necessary . Now, however, the Republican party are fully committed to it, and McClellan has been thoroughly beaten. We see that he has resigned his appointment as Major-Genera], and, we presume, in high dudgeon retires into private life. It would be impossible to overestimate the importance of Mr. Lincoln's election. With whatever side in the fratricidal war'our sym pathies may be— whether North or South— the election to the Presidentship of a man who stands out so prominently as the representa tive of the anti-shivery and war policy is a fact ofvcist moment. It shows that the Federals are resolved to prosecute the war to an end until shivery be abolished. Neither their past defeats, their fearful losses, nor their great .sacrifices will lead them to draw back from the conflict. For four years longer Mr. Lincoln will hold the reins of government in his hands, and will carry on to its ultimate issue the war which has already cost so much. Our later telegrams stale that the President has opened negotiations with the Con federates at Richmond, and, it is re ported, with a view to peace. If this report is really true, it is the first ray of hope which has fallen on American afdirs since the war began. Of course we are in entire ignorance as to the basis on which any attempt at negotiation can rest ; but it looks well that Mr. Lincoln should celebrate his new election to the Chief Magistracy of the States by attempting to find some acces sible platform on which the belligerents may meet. Looking at his published opinions, especially during the last year or two, and having respect to his transparent honesty of character, there can be no doubt that Mr. Lincoli will insist upon the total extinction of slavery as a tint fua noit, which must be granted before further negotiation is possible. If that were gained we should not be surprised to learn that by some compromise the Union was given up, and the Confederates were allowed to go in peace. Once the question appeared to be separation with* slavery, but now tha course of events is flowing towards separa tion without slavery. Ths Confederates maintain that they are fighting, not for slavery, but for national independence and the right of self-government. The Federals say they are fighting in defence of the rights of the servile race primarily, and for the integrity of the Union. Suppose the emanci pation of the slaves be provided for, then, according to their own profession, the North will gain what is its principal object in the war and the South will lose only what it places in a subordinate position. The Federals could afford to let the Union go if the rights of the negroes were secured, and tho Confederates could afford to let the slaves go if their claim to national independence were conceded. And to some such issue as this we believe the con tat will come. No other, indeed, teens to be possible. If, then, Mr. Lincoln's second eleva tion to the President's chair will directly or mediately accomplish this, a grand work will have been achieved for which all true friends of humanity will feel thankful. District of Guhebacha.— A preliminary meeting of electors was held at the Gumeracha Hotel on Wednesday. January 18. About 31 persons attended, and Mr. A. Forrest presided. A motion in favour of Goyder's valuations was carried unanimously: and another, affirming the propriety of having no runs declared into hundreds except on the application of agri culturists and for agricultural purposes, by the casting-vote of the Chairman. It was re solved to call a meeting for this day (Thursday) week, to give candidates an opportunity of stating their views. A vote of thanks was passed to the Press, and the proceedings wound up with a discussion on the free distillation question, on which various opinions were expressed. A pre liminary meeting of electors is to be held at Blumberg on Monday next. Wednesday. Evetcng's Cojtcert.— It is seldom , that the Adelaide public have an opportunity «f j hearing high-class vocal music rendered by pro- ' fessional singers, whose natural talents and . acquired accomplishments are much above J mediocrity. Poussard and Douay were unrivalled as instrumentalists; the Christy Minstrels ex celled in glee and light chorus ; and we have occa sionally opportunities of attending evening con certs, at which some of the massive choruses of the . greatest composers in the world are creditably per formed by a combined orchestra of vocalists and instrumentalists. But the soiree miuicale of Wednesday was of quite a different chaiacter. The only performers were Madame Caiandini, Miss Chalker, Mr. Farquharson, and Mr. Sher man, But they were a host in them selves. As they are all known to the public of South Australia it is unnecessary to dilate upon their respective merits. We may just state, how ever, that Madame Carandiui retains all those marvellous powers of vocalization which were so much admired on her last visit to Adelaide some years ago, and that in her style of singing she has very considerably improved. Her control over her voice is as complete as that of a ventriloquist, and her influence upon the audience irresistible. With her thrilling notes still lingering on the ear, we are disposed to say respecting the singing of this Rifted lady what perhaps would be thought extravagant eulogy. We are sure, however, that those who were present will endorse our opinion when we apply to Madame Carandini's singing the somewhat high-sounding adjective 'mag- nificent.' Miss Chalker sang several very pretty songs during the evening, con piacevolcza, and was honoured with an encore. Her most success ful effort was, we think, her rendering of the pleasing melody, ' Sweet spirit, hear my prayer.' Mr. Farquharson is as great a musical enthusiast « ever. His fine trumpet-toned voice rang gloriously in Handel's wild and rugged recitative and air of the Cyclop Polyphemus, '0 ruddier than the cherry,' Russell's 'Ship on Fire,' and one or two other compositions of a similar character; whilst in buffo songs and the more . vivacious selections from the Italian Opera his thorough comprehension of the composer's style made itself conspicuous in every bar. Mr. Farquharson is no literal inter preter. He is not content with mere 'correct singing.' He takes what a mere pedantic critic would perhaps denounce as unwarrantable liberties with the composer's productions; but he never does so without reason, or in violation of good taste. Some peculiar excellence or striking effect is the invariable result Mr. Sherwin sustained his parts in solo, duet, trio, and quartette ?admirably. Early in the evening his voice sounded somewhat huskily (we do not know of a better word to express the peculiarity we refer to); but this slight defect passed away before the enter tainment was half over, and we think that in every succeeding piece he rose in the estimation of the audience. Iu consequence of the length of the programme and the frequent encores the concert was not over till after 11 o'clock. We had almost forgotten to mention that there were about 400 persons present. In consideration of the excel lence of the entertainment, we shall not be sur prised at seeing 500 present this evening. Northers Teuritout.— The Committee ap pointed by the meeting of holders of Northern Territory land orders presented an address to His Excellency on the subject on Wednesday. The address and His Excellency's reply will be found in another column. It will be seen by the report that in all probability the Beatrice will be dis patched to Adam Bay early next month, so that the friends of persons there will have an oppor tunity to forward communications by her. Rifle Association.— At a Committee meeting of the liifle Association held at the Governor's Office on Wednesday, January 18, it was decided to hold the fourth meeting of the Association on Monday, April .1 The programme of the last meeting was adopted by the meeting, subject to the .approval of a future meeting. The Hon G. C. Hawkei sa-d he would uive as a nrize in the match for the Consolation Stakes an Enfield rifle with a spare barrel, and Bis Excellency intimated his intention of giving a prize of £5 to be competed for with carbines. Coast Defences.- We understand that Lieut Colonel Mayo has been requested by the Govern ment to act as one of the Coinmissioncrs charged with enquiring into and reporting upon the most effectual means of defending the coast in event of invasion; but we are not informed at present as to the gallant officer's willingness to undertake the duty. The Fibk at MrrcrfAM.— This conflagration which occurred on Tuesday afternoon appears to have originated on the land late in the occupation of the lion. Edward Stirling, speedily communi cating with the fence and grounds the property of Mr. Richard Hicks. A westerly breeze, which veered .about during the fire, carried the blazing fences t all before it up to the residence of the late Hon. Edward Stirling, now unoccupied. The roof of one of the outbuildings caught fire, and but for the most determined efforts the whole of the outhouses must have come down, and the residence have been imperilled. The flames continued their course, carping the live fence and post and rail all before it, crossing the road which divides the property of Messis. Stirling, Hicks, and Hardy, making in a direction towards Mr. Alfred Hardy's and Mr. Smedley's; but by dint of effort and tha advantage of a wide road it was beaten out, and stayed in its course hillwards. The fire continued to burn all night on the Urrbrae Estate, consuming many fine trees, a quantity of fencing, besides a considerable area of grass, with injury to fruit trees and vines. Mr. Richard Hicks, the men in his employ, and many others were doing their best to quell the fire until past midnight, and the utmost praise is due to the inhabitants of the entire neighbourhood for their hearty and successful efforts with water-carts, &c.;, in bringing the fire under control. A number ef large trees are sti burning out. The working men from Glen Osmond quarries, from Mitcham, Fullarton, and the entire neighbourhood were quickly on theppot, and well deserve some recognition of their true-Britou-like services, but for whose aid there is no telling how far the fire might have extended. It ought not to be omitted stating that some half-dozen females were seen doing what they could in carrying water, and otherwise lending a helping hand. Alabm of Fibe.— Police- constable Fahey, whilst on duty in Bundle-street on Wednesday morning, about half -past 1 o'clock, noticed smoke issuing from the kitchen, in the basement storey, of the, Hamburg Hotel. As there was also a strong smell of fire he gave an alarm. It was ascertained that an article of dress, which had been placed before the fire by a servant, had ignited, and being a woollen fabric it consumed slowly, making a great smoke, and emitting the peculiar odour which led to the timely discovery .of the danger. The Accides» iy Fbanklet- stbeet.— In the JUguter of the 20th December there appeared, under the head 'Serious Accident,' particulars of a collision in Franklin-atreet, by which Mr. Hunt, farmer, of Myponga, was knocked down and run over by the wheel of a trap driven by Mr. Marshall, of Bundle-street. We have seen a letter, dated January 15, to Mr. Woltmann, of the Bristol Tavern, thanking him for the great care and kindness bestowed on Mr. Hunt after the accident. The letter complains that the horse lent by Mr. Mar shall to convey Mr. Hunt home was very difficult to manage and turned restive on several occasions, so much so as to place Mr. Hunt in great addi tional danger. The case is likely to be a very serious one. Mr. Hunt is not only under medical treatment, but no prospect of immediate recovery is held out to him. His head was greatly injured, and an artery that was cut recommenced bleeding, and the poor man was exhausted from depletion before the arrival of the doctor, who had to sew up the wounded blood-vessel. Since then other symptoms of a distressing nature have set in. and altogether it was a most unfortunate affair for Mr. Hunt. District op Mount Bahkee.— A preliminary meeting relative to the election of representatives for the District of Mount Barker in the House of Assembly was held in the Lake Hotel, Milang, on Saturday eveninjr, 14th inst.— Mr. P. Pavy in the chair. The proceedings were mostly of a conver sational character, and the leadisg political ques tions now before the public were pretty fully discussed by MeRsrs. Landseer, Crawford, and others. It was finally resolved to request the Chairman of the Bremer Council to call a meeting of electors for the purpose of hearing the views of intending candidates. A requisition is being rapidly signed, requesting Mr. James Rankine, of Hmdmareh Island, to become a candidate. Ocean Race.— A correspondent sends us the following:— 'On Saturday, at 1.45p.m., the steam, ship Derwent left Hobson's Bay for Hobart Town, and seven minutes afterwards the steamship Aldinga steamed off for Adelaide, and then com menced a trial of speed between what are gene rally acknowledged to be the two fastest boats in the colonies. On two or three former occasions. we believe, the above boats have had a trial together, generally terminating slightly in favour of the Aldinga, which on this occasion has fully sus tained her reputation of being the champion. When the Aldinga started the Derwent had a long lead, but when an hour had elapsed it was plainly to be seen that her opponent was overhauling her Gradually the gallant Aldinga neared her op ponent, and as »he became more distinct to the view great excitement prevailed on board, and sundry small wagers were freely offered and taken. On nearing the Lightship the distance between ths boats was small, and shortly before reaching the Heads the Aldinga was alongside the Derwent. when the latter stopped for a boat, the passengers and crew giving three hearty cheers for the old 'Dinga' and her captain.' Adelaide Local Court.— At the Adelaide Local Court on Wednesday, January 18, the whole day until 7 p.m- was occupied in hearing two cases, both for sums of £100. In the first case, an action for amount of a contract, judgment was given for the plaintiff; and in the second case, the plaintiff suing a Mining Company for breaking an agree ment, a nonsuit was ordered. Adelaide Police CocRT.-On Wednesday the driver of a break was fined 40s. with costs for trying two young horses in Stephens-place; and another defendant was fined 40s. with costs for selling as 2 cwt. two bags of potatoes 9 Us. short of that weight. A small fine wa3 inflicted on an old citizen for keeping hay in a place deemed unsafe according to the By-law. Thb South-Westkrn DiSTBicT.-Between the months of October and December last year pre ferential right orders for large tracts of country, extending from a point about 60 miles west of Fewler's Bar to the boundary of the colony (120 miles woat -i the Great Australian Bight), were taken out by several Melbourne gentlemen. We find upon the Government maps about 3,000 square miles assigned to Messrs. Degraves i: Davis, 2,000 to Mr. G. C. Levey, 2.000 to Mr. S. C. Chandler, 500 to Mr. J. B. Motherwell, and 500 to Mr. J. F. Fraser. The blocks thus taken do not, with the exception of a few near the boundary line, abut upon the sea, the frontage having been before taken up by the Hon. John Baker and Mr. Rounsevell; but they extend inland for an average distance of 100 miles. We believe that Mr. Delisser, by whom the country was . originally examined, and who has acted since for the Mel bourne houses, is now upon the ground on their behalf; and a Melbourne letter informs us that a vessel has been dispatched, or is to be dispatched immediately, with a party of men to prosecute the necessary search for water. If this should be found, the claims will be undoubtedly of great value; and we wish every success to those who ore interested. This includes several South Australian colonists as well as our Melbourne friends, for besides the names we have mentioned there occur upon the maps several which are more familiar to us- as Elder. Smith, & Co., Curr, Delisser and Mackie, Laurie, Stow & Brodie, Nial, Wearing, Masson & Eymer. The country is said to be well grassed, and wanting only water. The Rev. S. Ddtton GRXEN.-The Church wardens and congregation of St. Barnabas's, Clare, have recently presented their late Incumbent, the Rev. S. Dutton Green, with the following address on the occasion of his intended departure for England:— 'Reverend and Dear Sir— We understand that your contemplated departure for Adelaide on your way to England takes place to-morrow, ana we think it advisable and necessary that we should* convey to you our opinion of your ministrations amongst us during the time you have been our pastor. ' \Ve have been your parishioners for a period verging on three years, and the most satisfactory answer to any questions as to the good you have have eflected during your stay here will be to contrast the state of the church when you arrived amongst us and its present state. Then the pews were vacant and untenanted, the church deserted, divine worship unattended. Now all the pews are occupied and more called for. the church is full on each Sunday, and diviue worship constantly at tended by a large number of the residents in these districts. This most gratifying and satisfactory state of things is in a large measure attributable to your consistent, cleauly, and straightforward life, which has set so' good an example to your parishioners. ' We regret that the connection between us is so soon to cease. We wish you and your family ever}' happiness for the future, and we trust that sometimes you will remember, with kindly feelings, those amongst whom you have laboured for these three past years.*' ISigned by the Churchwardens and by the con gregation generally.] A farewell address has been presented by the Churchwardens, communicants, and attendants of St. Mark's, Penwortham. of which church, in con. junction with that at Clare. Mr. Green has held the incumbency from September 4, 1882. To these gratifying testimonials the rev. gentleman replied in suitable terms. We understand that Mr. and Mrs. Green will proceed to England with their family by the City of Adelaide. THB Rev. Chas. MARRYAT.-The Rev. Canon Marryat, Incumbent of St. ^aul'c. Port Adelaide, being about to visit England for a short time, preached his .valedictory sermon in the above church on Sunday evening, January 14. On Mon day a deputation, consisting of Dr. Duncan, the Hon. J. Hart, Captain Douglas, and others, waited on him, and Dr. Duncan presented him with the following address, which was neatly engrossed on parchment:— 'To the Rev. Canon Marryat, M. A, Incumbent °* S- Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, and late . of bt Margaret's, Wopdville. /'Keverend and Dear Sir-On the eve of your uepanureior a short visit to England, we are desirous, in the name of the congregations which we represent, to wish you a pleasant voyage and a happy meeting with that part of your family from whom you have been so long separated, and to assure you that we shall look forward to your return with the greatest pleasure. '! May the gracious providence of Almiphty God —the rather, the Son, and the Holy Ghost-be with you to increase your happiness, to guide you through every difficulty, and to protect you from every danger. Amen.1' The document was signed by the Select Vestrymen, Synodsinen. and Wardens of St. Paul's and St. Margaret's on behalf of the congregations. Dr. Duncan also presented the rev. gentleman with a silver cardcase and Mrs. Marryat with a silver scent-bottle of colonial design and workmanship. Mr. Marryat acknowledged the gifts and the address in suitable terms. A deputation from the Port ' Adelaide Young Men's Association also presented the following address, engrossed on parchment 'Tothe Rey. C. Marryat, President of the Port Adelaide Young Men's Asuociation. Reverend and Dear Sir- We the undersigned, members of the above Association, cannot allow you to leave the colony, even for the short time you contemplate, without taking a hearty farewell of you. The Society which we compose owes its formation and present efficient condition to your exertions alone. Your constant attention and untiring zeal have, been, we are convinced, most beneficial, and we doubt not but that much good will result from your efforts on our behalf. On your, return we venture to express the hope that you will find us increased in numbers, improved in information, and earnest in the pursuit of the end for which you formed the Society. Many wish you a safe journey and a speedy return, but none can more earnestfy hope for your welfare ot more heartily had your arrival in South Australia than the members of the Port Adelaide Young Men 8 Association. The address was accompanied by a silver inkstand of very beautiful design. These were also acknow ledged in an appropriate speech. The rev. gen tleman and his family left the port in the Eleanor, which conveyed the passengers to the Murray, and was accompanied by several friends. Mr. Marryat has been Incumbent of St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, seven years, and ho3 become endeared to his con gregation and respected by his neighbours. LECTUBE.-On We4nesday evening, January 18, a lecture on 'The new Discoveries in connection with the Chemistry of Nitrogen snd its Com pounds' was delivered by the Rev. J. Maughan, in the lecture-room adjoining the Methodist New Connexion Church, Franklin-street. The atten dance Was tolerably large. After singing and prayer, Mr. Kingsley, who presided, introduced the rev. lecturer, who commenced by giving the deri vation of the word nitrogen and describing, the component parts of atmospheric air. The rev. lecturer then illustrated the properties of oxygun by the combustion of a number of wires coiled together in a jar filled with pure oxygen gas. After separating the nitrogen from the oxygen he pro ceeded to give some successful, illustrations of the peculiar qualities of nitrogen! and of its indis pensableness as an ingredient in the growth of the vegetable system, remarking, too. that in conse quence our food is largely impregnated with this element which plays so important a part in both animal and vegetable physiology. Such food as would thoroughly repair waste contained nitre genous and carbonaceous qualities, the pre ponderance of one of which would propor tionately derange the health of the recipient. It was in connection with these facts that Mr. Banting published his cure for cor pulency, little suspecting that chemists had long known the effect of the course of treatment he pre scribes. The rev. lecturer here scientifically and humorously illustrated Mr. Bantirg's theory. He then showed that apparently passive aud colourless nitrogen produced under certain circumstances most dangerous results, though when carefully experimented upon formed Borne of the most useful and interesting studies in chemistry. After explaining the ingredients composing iodide of nitrogen, nitric acid, ammonia, hartshorn, und protoxide of nitrogen, or, as it is commonly termed, 'laughing gas,' the rev. gentleman demonstrated the existence of certain properties in these sub stances in a variety of highly interesting experi ments, one of which, by its unexpectedness und premature explosion, added to the interest excited by the rev. lecturer's clear description of the prin ciples involved in the experiments. He said amaionia consisted of 14 parU of nitrogen to three of oxygen, which accounted for its explosive properties. The rev. (tentleman then stated that up to the last two years agricul tural chemists, though well aware of the action of Mitrogen upon the growth of planU, were quite unable to detect its mode of action. Various sur niises had been formed, but none offered a satis factory solution to the mystery till the German chemist Sthonbein demonstrated in a variety of extremely interesting experiments the fact that nitrate of ammonia was produced in large quan tities from the nitrogen of the atmosphere in the process of evaporation. This could be easily proved by boiling water in an uncovered vessel, and upon condensing the vapour thus formed on a sheet of mtenug-paper, or very fine calico, a liquid would be produced, which upon b*ing analyzed would be found to contain nitrate of ammonia, the quantity of which would be proportioned to the extensiveness of means employed in the experi ment. He said the importance and usefulness of these discoveries could not be overrated by students of agricultural chemistry, as they clearly showed that soils were constantly being furnished with ammonia from the atmosphere in the process of evaporation, and this accounted for the pecu liarity that in tropical climates vegetation is so luxuriant He also explained that one of the chief ingredients of manure was nitrogen, without which it would be almost useless when applied to the enrichment of impoverished soils. He also said that these discoveries in chemistry should be doubly interesting to the inhabitants of a rich agricultural country like this; and he also advised colonial farmers to attend ex clusively, except in special Ciises, to furnishing their lands with purely mineral ingredients, such as the phosphates and carbonates of soda, mag nesia, lime, and potash, especially as nature supp:ied such an abundance of ammoniacal manure. The rev. gentleman concluded a most interesting lec ture with a brilliant experiment demonstrating the combustibility ef oxygen. After several questioni had been asked by the audience, and satisfactorily replied to, the proceedings terminated with prayer. 