TENNYSON'S "NORTHERN FARMER.' (By J. M. Ludlow ia Macmillan'» Magazine.) AT the Academy, dinner in the spring, the Arch- bishop of Canterbury had the candour and tho good nature to single out the "litt'e lady" in Mr. Millai's 'Second Sermon, as preaching whole- some truth to himself and his clerical brethren. But what. a sermon, what a lesson to " priests and people" is contained in Mr. Tennyson's Northern Farmer. Though the author is con eideratVenough to noté himself that his person- age is one of the "old style," who can doubt that.substantially ho has embodied torus, in thought and feeling, a type—ay, and an ennobled one-of, full four fifths of tho present agricultural population of England, balow the so-called *. gentleman-farmer?" . That type, no doubt, is passing by, so that one can but rejoice * "that1;; it ;-n*é ; now . been cast in perennial. verso, . but it will be years, decades, perhaps more than a century, before its last lineaments have dissolved away. Till now, at any rate, it has its représentatives 'in every country, probably in every rural parish. Look on it, and you will see what Christianity, civilisation; and Protestantism, combined have done for the English agriculturist, up to well into the nineteenth century after Christ- the fourth from Gutenburg, from Luther. A creature whose last thought on his death-bed is of his ale, of which he has had his pint every night, his quart every market night ; whose last feeling towards God is one of rebellion against Him for taking away tho wrong man, and at tho wrong time; whose only notion of the clergy- man is that of a man who reads one perfectly incomprehensible sermon a week, and comes to visit the sick when he wants his tithe from them ; whose only idea of his rights as a freeborn Englishman is that of " voating wi' squoire an' Chooroh an' Staate," and never voting down 'Church rates ; whose highest view of morality consists in maintaining his bastards; a believer in "boggles," i. e. ghosts; a disbeliever in the steam-engine ; a many acred flunkey, content to find his supreme honour in tho smiles of " quality " as they see him passing by ;" muddled" only by the thought of whom his absent squire after his death will choose to toss to,a one among a host of hungry curs, that land on which he has spent his life ! . Such' is one whole 'side pf the" piolare '; bul look now on the other. What makings of a man may you not find in this grovelling' clod 1 The words- ',' \ .'.'.f I' ?' , ' Git ma my jaaje l tell tba, an'.'gin I mun doy. I mun .'doy ; . '?..>?- ..??>-?»??. .'?.- ?.>?..i ..... are not the lasY hiccough of the drunkard, the wild despairing shriek of the sensualist^1 The man is no. drunkard ;' he bas known[ all bia'life when to drink his pint nhd his.quarti He. is ! looking death steadfastly in the,face, like any old LVikinsi.'disdaining to turn out of his'way for the sake of 1ino King¡xl Terrors:- '' . ,' '.. 'Git ma my yaala,./or I bt.'ant a-gooin , to break' my .mle. ' .. ?' i,. :??.'.. ? . ' He is no more afraid of death than he is of "boggles^"howeverfirmly he may believe in the Utter. The .j boggle'' in. Thornahy waste he has heard it often-" abbot and. aboót.»' "Yet he was not to be' hindered by a.", boggle" from doing bia life's work of breaking up the waste, He has thrust it 'ont of his way like a rook or a stone:- ',; . _, , ' But I stabb'd,un.oop «1' the lot, an' raared1 «n irrmltled: . nooot. ' \ - '? . ' ' . " ' He be.lieveV''in.\6;odJ'..thpngh^hV..'m>ayvn,o't tremble before him like a devil. He knorfs He is ; *' Godamoighty." He rebels against His wisdom tn, not rather taking away Jones, who "ant a' aapoth ' o'sense ;"/.'ór' Robins', 'who' "niver mended a fence.'' 'His idea bf God bas clearly not risen above that of a great Alight, above-stern,. ii flexible, inscrutable, unreason- able seemingy. Yet that Might is notenvious, malignant, spiteful«-not a devi} under another name, like that1 pf too many a profusely pious Christian ; it is Some One who7 will bear being spoken to-will bear no grudge' to those even who grumble when'He cali?. He has learned little from parsons or from other teachers, and, therefore, thinks he has but little to learn. He lus bad but few thoughts to fill up his rugged old life. And yet two.grand thoughts-rooted BO desp that they, seem mere instincts of spontaneous growth-have spread all through itj the two thoughts which, mofé than any others, make the hero-duty and work.. He has paid ti.be to the parson on bis death-bed, because it was bis duty. He haB maintained a ohild which was fathered on him, because it was bis duty, though the mother " wur a bad un." He has done his doty by tho squire in voting for him, managing for ' bini, " come Michaelmas thirty year,' tho' " Equoire's in Lünnon," and he is herè. He has done his duty, he thinks, to all. May, doing his duty himself, he gives other men, on the whole, credit lor doing theirs. When " parson " was booming away over his head those incomprehensible sermons, he still " thowt a 'ad summut to Baay," nay, " thowt a said whot a owt to ha' said." He believes that "tquoire" will not give the land after him to senseless Jones or thoughtless Robins. He believes that " quolity" do justice to bis own worth. Only other men's duties seem to him thin and slight, compared with bis. The parson " reads woon sarmin a weeak"-Tte.bas "stabbed Thor naby wsaste." For, above all, be bas done bis duty by the land. That duty is for him tho mea- sure of all the others : " I done tn j dat; by uti aa I ba* done by tbs load." There lies his pride, his treasure, his heart. If he finds fault with " Godamoighty," it is simply that, in nailing him away, instead of Jones or Robins. He does not show sufficient apprecia- tion of good farm work. ! « I hi ant «omi as sn« s 'ere a bc ii 1 o yonder a pea ;" that fs his title to consideration in God's sight. The hardship of dying is mainly that God mast " Tttt'ie ma now, Wi' oaf the eows to eauve; an Tbornaby bolms to plow;1' that he has not been able quite to finish the one great work of his fife, that which he bas carried out hitherto in spite of " boggles " and men, the stubbing up and ploughing ofThornahy waste. What a noble, honest, ay, artistic pride, in his survey of that work-. ?. Sabbat loi :i*c at tba wi ii <te ; tbeer warn't not fi iii (or a OOH : Nowt at ell bot braosen an' fuzz ; ? . . an* now tbeet'a lots o' fi ä Fonreoore yowa upon it, an' some on lt doon In st iii." And what an honeBt pathos in the regret at leaving it unaccomplished " Nobbnt a bit on it's left, an' I mi ii a to bk' stubb'd it at fall, Done it ta year I mt ii Vd, ar.' runn'd plow (nroff it an' .Hi > If. O.idamolgbty sn' -parson 'od nobbnt let ma ole tin. . . ' ." Observe that this love, this well nigh worship of " the lond,"is almost utterly unselfish. He{ knows well, that the bulk of what he farms is not bis ; that it will be disposed of to others by another; He is to himself but as it were the foreordained cultivator, fertilizer of the land for other*', benefit; a wonderful first-rate tool, which he rather fanoios has fallen into careless bands. He thinks nothing of bis own future ; but he thinks of the annoyance to bis squire of losing BO good a farmer '.An Sqnoire 'all bo sa mad on' all- a' dei rn* deatt" He thinks of the odious "Kit'laoí attà-a HoEslo'iin'm HzW the blessed li ii da ttl* the devIi'B \- »&í Ö 10D," .; I * And that ia the one thought which reconciles him to dying «Bot gio I- man doy I mon dor, for I coaldna bear , to iee lt."' ' 1 ' So that, in short, the more one looks into, the faoo of this '.. ale drinking clod, the mere there; disengages itself the figure of a (¡rand old heathen, a worshipper of Tollas and Hertha \--whose bodily motions may take place in the sphere of nineteenth century civilisation, but over whose spirit, i aa I said before, eighteen centuries pf Christianity have passed in vain. Of a Father in heaven; of a Saviour of mankind, .ofaHoly Spiri', he knpwB literally nothing the cockchafer booming of the parson has utterly failed to convey to his mind the slightest idea of thesp. ' The great Power in heaven, whom he acknowledges to rule. even over his own dear goddess ' Hertha, " Godamoighty," .appears to bim rathol in the light of a Supreme' Land, lord, abd not a very discriminating, one. Of that Gracious One whom Barnabas, and Paul preaohèd to his follbw-heathon at Lystra, the g ivor " of rain from heaven , and fruitful seasons," ¡ the God who filleth " our hearts with food' and gladness," ol that Near One whom Paul preached to his fellow-heathen at AthenB, whose offspring we also are, not a glimpse has come to him over the ages. ¡ ¡Let the, clergy look to it, I sty. Here is solemn warning for thom. Not only on this account,' that such spiritual types of laymen as tho " Northern Farmer," correspond necoBsarily aud CBéontialIy to that of the ".parson" who " rèpds wonn sarmip a wcoak," and only VÍBÍIB nUn on 'their death beds to'torment them 'witt reproofa.for «heir'past sins.',r 1 Th'at' 'typé,'íét n» hope, is fast passing aw ay' ' But on this-tba' as' respects,' sermans--Vthe '' Northern Farmer" is by no means" an exceptional type 'of feeling. There' is probably hardly' a layman in' the British' Isles, if hé be' honest enough, to confess it, to whom those words do not come home by mani- foldexperience. "¡A.} I eerd no a bate min' aw'aay loika'a bozzird.obck \- *. o »ir my b' ad -.» i ...> V. - ! Aa' I olver <fin»-i'd whot a mean'd, bat I tbowtia .'ad » i .- summutto aaay, . ' »..:....? ty' \ -?.-r^r, (An'. I ibowt a asid wfcot a owt,to 'a .said, an'I oomed, , : ? ,-" v. ' How, much of the devotion, of, ,tho moBt.de rout portion of the. most devout congregations rise3 ? any ; further , than the dull, well-behaved ' assumption that the;minister"(«yp»¿ and of, the dénomination,,, in church ci- chapel, ph either, side of the Tweed or tho Irish Ohannel).has said what h,e ought to have said. I fear there aro but few ,congregations where,the, proportion of the truer, worship would be more than a slender one, could A'amodeus turn spiritual statistician to reckon it. We,aro impatient in oivil jife of a speech , which does not rise above, mediocrity.: We are thankful, at pur public worship for a ser- mon, whjch does not fall below.ji*. And who can wonder that .thpse, who are .conscious, iii themselves of- powers, mado fruitful already, of which nb pee has taught them to see the source i above-;nay, who have been /»pressly taught by their very clerical instructors to look upon these as " worldly," as " natural,''as within, the sphere pf human capacity,-should leave their place of .worship with, feelings, of proud contempt ex- actly akin to those of, the " Northern Farmer," though ¡the grounds of. such pride may vary adindnU'tm " A reids -wonn sarmin a weest.- an I hi* sintih«d ', Tboroaby wiatt* V ' , Such is a little oft the deep truth which lies beneath the surface of this" wonderful poem, beneath that thick crust of broad humour which makes the , reading of it to some, othernisa by no means unappreciative; admirers . of its { author, one long convulsive laugh. Never,' surely, has Mr. Tennyson written anything of its kind so perfect. It is no pen-and-ink sketch, but an etching bitten in with aquafortis into the metal of tne character itself which he has sought to represent. " St. Simeon Stylites " is, perhaps, as searching; but there is no compari- son between that exceptional morbid subject and the broad, healthy," living truth bf this.' Not a touch in the whole picture is superfluous or unsteady ; not a line goes one hair's-breadth beyond reali'y. One hardly knows what to praise in it specially-unless it be the consum- mate art which manages to throw in tho exqui- sitely poetic touch, s") thoroughly in keeping with the whole character, of the murdered man falling " Doon i' the woild enemies >' (reoalling exactly the line of the "Nibelun- genlied " on Sifrit's murder "Do vlei In die bloomer der Cbtie'mbilde man" " Then fell among the flowers Chriemhild's husband'*), and, again, that of the steam engine ' Messin' the blessed fealds an instance of the " poetic fallacy" which may I be recommended to Mr. Ruskin, the next time he chooses to write more fallacies himself on that subject. The diction, again, is of itself a subject for study. Nothing can show better than this piece that the chances of a dialect rising into language are simply those of a man of genius rising to write in it. Had our own ordinary English had no literature till now, and an Alfred Tennyson had at last appeared on earfr ti write the " Northern Farmer," it is beyond doubt that he would have fixed its dialect ns the standard language of England'; just as the great Italian poets of the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries fixed their Tuscan dialect as the standard language of Italy-and as the many talented poets of Provence, their elders' and contemporaries, did hot fix'tho Pro- vencal as the standard language of France, for want of one singlé : man of genius among " the whole brilliant crew of the Troubadours.' One painful consideration is, indeed, con- nected with the poem-that of tho shoals of imitations in all manner of uncouth, unintelli- gible, and spurious jargons which it is safe to bring forth. ; For these Mr. Tennyson will " sewer-ly" have to bear a heavy responsibility -to be shared, indoed, by Mr. Lowell and bis Yankee masterpieces i/nlbe Billow Papers,old and now-by Mr. Kingsley and his Buccaneer-and by Thackeray and his cockney verse, which, however, remains always within the domain of tho purely comic. But fiuoh attempts'should really be left to masters only-Bpórts for the gods-pastimes for Valhalla. 