MR. GLADSTONE'S BUDGET. On the 28ih Apm ju. uriadstonelaid before the moribund English Parliament the last Budget which it will have the privilege of passing. In doing so he adverted very appro priately to the fact that it was the first Par liament which had lived to pass its full complement of seven Budgets. The present one was, as Lord Derby said somewhat cynically of the last Queen's Speech, just what might have been expected under the circum . stances.. It announced that the increasing trade and prosperity of the country would warrant considerable redactions in taxation. Seeing that only time enough remained for honourable members to set their house in order and give up the ghost, sweeping changes . would be out of place. " Let us then," said the persuasive Chancellor, take the burdens that press most closely on the country, and cut them down as far as the surplus will enable us." With a touch of his alleviating hand on the income-tax and the tea and fire insurance duties he lifts about four millions sterling eff the national shoulders, and then, winking tri umphantly to Mr. Disraeli, gives the House to nnu. rstaud that lie is all ready for the hustings. % Considering the veiy popular tendency of this Budget as compared with its predecessors for ten years past, one is forced to infer that the eve of a dissolution is not at all a bad time for such financial operations. At home we see Mr. Gladstone, with the fear of the electors immediately before his eyes, taking twopence off the income tax and sixpence a pound eff the tea duty, while Lord Palmerston says never a word about his favourite Channel fortifications. Here in South Australia we saw lately a Treasurer of our own, fresh from the hustings, threatening to introduce fiscal changes which ihs people had said decidedly they would not have, and to impose objectionable new taxes in lieu of popular old ones, because, lorsooth, " his character as a bit of a politician was at stake." CireumstaGe.s alter cases very much it seems. Had our Colonial Trea surer been within 'hail of a dissolution, we might have heard lesB of road taxes and anti-advaloremism. Had Mr. Gladstone, on the other hand, been producing iiis first Budget instead of his laBt, it is just possible that some pressing want of the military or naval service might have taken precedence of the income tax or the tea duty. In this advanced political system of ours, where we have no longer uni versal suffrage or the ballot to agitate about, we might go a step further, and for the good of mankind endeavour to establish as a prin ciple that all Budgets be passed within three months previous to a dissolution of Par liament. Apart from its general advantages, the practice might operate as a check upon precocious Treasurers who announced tlicir policy nine months in advar c", then when it has -bung fire for ever bo long have to fire iu j tho air to prevent an explosion. Mr. Glad-1 atone, it appears, is more liable to err on the opposite side. He keeps his counsel so much to himself, that on the very morning before be delivered his Budget speech a Tory organ assured its readers in the most confident and congratulatory tone that " an important modi fication was to be made on the mult duties." Instead of that the idea of meddling with these 1 duties was denounced as preposterous and pre mature. The alteration in the tea duiy was a thing that many speculators would hare given 1 thousands of pounds to get a hint of a week before the rest of the public. Butthesixpence reduction fell like a thunder-clap on the whole of them, and how long time was allowed them to prepare for it? About a fortnight. On the 28th April it was announced that the reduction would commence in May. Imme- . dfeteiy the importers in all the largo towns held meetings to memorialize for an extension of the time. If they get any it will certainly ' not be more than a week or two. 1 We come bow to investigite Mr. Glidatone's figures. The revenue lor the year ending 31st March, 1865, had been estimated at £67,128,000, the amount actually resized waB £70,313,000; increase, or as it is technically termed, "recovery," £3,185,000. The expen diture had been estimated nt £66,890,000; actual expenditure, £66,462,000; -saving, £428,000. The close approximation of the I j latter two items indicates the perfection to , which English finance has been carried by I . men of Mr. Gladstone's stamp. Continental Budgets, though presenting almost the same form and arrangement as the English model, are generally a mere conglomeration of guesses. In France especially the con forming of the national expenditure to a standard fixed beforehand and sanctioned by the Legislature is deemed entirely theoretic. M. Fould attempts it from year to year as a matter of form, but to cover contingencies he is allowed to resort to Supplementary Budgets, aB they are called, and even then he only gets through by transferring items from one depart ment to another, and at the last extremity allowing deficiencies to accumulate till they can be carried forward to the succeeding year. The difference between the actual revenue and expenditure was £3,851,COO, or deducting 4Khe annual quota towards Lord Palmerston'a fortifications £3,231,000. This sn'pius has to be consigned of course to the Dead Sea of the National Debt. Though in itself a com paratively small drop, and its predecessors still smaller, their united weight has already begun to tell on the eight hundred odd mil lions of John Bull's indebtedness. Within the past six years upwards of seventeen and a half millions of a reduotion has been effected, leaving the grand total on the 28th April, 1865, at £808,288,000. In one eense this is very gratifying, for it indicates not merely the addition of so much money to the productive capital of the nation, but also an increasing buoyancy in the revenue, which means in creasing prosperity among the people. In another sense it i9 the opposite of gratifying; for while the revenue continues to enlarge, notwithstanding the reduction of taxation, the benefit of such enlargement is to a great extent neutralized by a growing expenditure. On . one side of the shield we see increasing sur pluses ; on the other side there is a wasteful ness which prevents the surpluses accumu lating half so fast as they ought to do. Tbe buoyancy of the revenue is demonstrated by these facts: Between 1850 and 1852 (the year before tbe Russian war broke out) tbe annual rate of increase, or tbe balance of taxes repealed over taxes imposed, was £1030,000 ; between 1852 and 1859 it was £1,240,000, and between 1859 and 1865 it was £780,000 a year. But the expenditure during the same period exhibits counteracting variations. That of the past year waB three and a half millions more than the expenditure of 1858-9, and twelve and a half millions more than tue current rate pre vious to tbe Bussier) war. It was only one and a half millions leas than that of 1859 60, but six and a half millions less than that of 1860-61, which was the highest ever known in time of peace. With such upbraiding figures before him, no wonder that the most popular Minister in the Cabinet always assumes a melancholy tone when he has to speak of the national expendi ture. If there is any ground of difference between him and his colleagues, especially his pugnacious leader, it muBt be this. And if Richard Cobden, who was so highly and justly eulogised in the Budget speech, expected one thing more than another from Mr. Gladstone's growing influence it was a return to the economical habits of the early days of the Reformed Parliament, Cobden's principal theme before bis death was that all bad now been done that could be done for the simplification of the fiscal system, and if Mr. Gladstone wished to distinguish himself farther he must see to tbe reduction of expenditure. Though nothing of importance bas as yet been done in that direc tion, it is satisfactory to find that since 1861 the tendency ha9 been right. In laying down his plan for the coming year Mr. Gladstone simply showed how he intended to relieve the revenue of the four millions which could be dispensed with. The estimated consumption of tea was 92 millions of pounds, which, at sixpence a pound redac tion, would show £2,300,000. Twopence a pound of the income tax would be £2,600,000; but as the old rates will continue in force for part of the year the exact loss on these two items will be only £3,518,000. The loss on fire insurance and miscellaneous reductions would be £260,000 ; making in all £3,778,000. The total relief to the revenue, however, would be at the rate of £5,220,000 per yecr, or fully three shillings and fourpence per head of the population. As to the malt duty, he held out no hope of its immediate reduction. " The truth was," said be, " that the abolition of the malt duty would be the death- warrant of all our system of indirect taxation. Witii inalt untaxed it irould be impossible to retain the taxes on tea ai d gugn- on the one hand, or wyie and spirits on the ••tl.ci1-" So he preferred to give ihe • people sixpence u pound elf their congou to kutneiuir-g the country squires in their erratic i aspirations after cheap be<r. 