ROMAN CATHOLICISM OF THE BIBLE. A LECTUBE. A lcctnro on "Tbc Roman Catholic doctrine of the .use of the Bible," was delivered by the Her. B. H. Power in the hall of the Mechanics' Institute, on Monday night. In spite of the inclement weather, there was a goodly audience. The chair was taken by Mr Wrigley, vice-president of the C.D. library, 5n aid of the funds of which institution the lecture -wan delivered. The lecturer intimated, at starting, that his ad dress would be OB well a reply to a lecture delivered twelve months ago in the same place, as a statement of the doctrine of the Catholic Church on the use of the Bible. The lecture in question was on " The Battle ot the Bible," delivered by the Rev. Isaac New, or " Mr Isaac New," as the lecturer of last ?evening apparently delighted to call him. Aa that ]ec;ure was reported at some length in the Star, and the lecturer last night cited from that report, we give at some greater leDgth than we otherwise ehould do, a report of the reply to the Rev. J\ir New's lecture. The Rev. Mr Power, last uight, said the Bible as it is, is admitted by all the churches to be inspired. That is, that every writer in the book was so guided by the Holy Ghost that ho could not possibly err. But the Pro testants taught that the mere reading of tho Bible was religion, and a preparation for what they called paradise. The taunted Catholics with not reading the Bible, and with beiDg debarred its use, and it waB Jiigli time that "thefaithful" should meet their opponents by telling tho Protestant he had no right to or warraut for the Bible-its authenticity, or its inspiration- save that which came to him through the Catholic Church. The promiscuous reading of the Bible, as enjoined by Protestants was a monstrous evil, and the Protestant theory of its ?use had led by consistent steps by Protestant learn ing in Europe to tlie chaos of infidelity in Germany sod elsewhere, and the Bible had in fact sunk to the level of an ordinary uninspired book. That greatest and noblest and best of all unsacramental things was put into the hands of everybody by the Protestant lor promiscuous use. It was a school book; it waB put into prisoners' cells; it was given to the drunkard ; the jester made a mock of it, and the debauchee justified his ex cesses out of its sacred pages. And why not ; for the receiver was as infallible as the giver. The natural result or the Protestant doctrine would he that the Bible would get more and more into contempt, till not a single shred of the book would be left in a few years time. But;the Protestant might reply, " we have had the free use tf it for 300 years, and it is not gone yet." The lccturer would deny that the Protestant had had tlie Bible for 300 years. True, the theory of the apostate Chillingworth had been in existence for that tiiee but not in practical action till our own days, as before then the common people had not education enough to be able to use the book and Bible Encieties were not in existence. How tho Protestant theory about the use of the Bible would work when left to itself was seen in Otaheiti, where "amild and pure race had been converted into a pack of lazy and degraded iulidels " So said tho Timet as to the isBUe of simple Bible reading. So was it in England, that country of magnificent resources. If anyone looked at the columns of the English papers what a picture he would see of the rural morality of which such boasting was hoard ? What poison ing,1), what infanticide, what disregard of con x^oial ties, to bIIOW huw very little the promiscuous perusal of the Bible could do l'or morality. So was it aUo in the towns, and the lecturer would aver that the Protestantism of England was unable to cope with the evils of infi delity and immorality there. The very arms aDd arts used by Protestants against Catholics were now used by infidelity against Christianity itself. Other dangers threatened and increased every year. Science uttached the hook. Geology, Indian and Egyptian Bntiquitiee, ethnology, mesmerism, eleo tricity "H tended to evil by the working ol the theory of the promiecious perusal cf the Bible. But Mr Isaac New, who enjoyed the reputation of being a scholar, and one not likely to eay calumnies against other people had lectured in that place, end in the columns of the Slur next morning, the lecturer (Mr Power) was astonished to see it reported that this Mr New had the auducity to etate that the Catholic Church' re fused the Bible to her people, that the Council of Trent and Leo X. placed a bann on the Bible, and that to thiB day the common pe6ple of the Low Countries did not read it. And those statements ?were received with " cheers.'' Now, Mr Isaac New .was either a downright calumniator or else an ignorant man, or he could not have made such statements in these days of enlightenment. The lecturer here cited from the actB of the synod of Trent, showing that the Vulgate was recommended by the Catholic Church for perusal by the faithlul, and for use in sermons and discussions. Surely, if ever Mr New had read that, he would not have uttered such downright falsehoods as those to pain the minds of CatholicB; and the lecturer would advise Mr New, the next time he came to Bnllarat, not to come with a firebrand in his hand. Mr New liad also said Luther opened the prison doors of the Bible; but Mr New should know, if he was a scholar, that before Luther's lime Dure were extant, aud in the bends ol the people, fifty versions of the Bible in the vulgar tongueB of Europe. Cardinal XimeneB also, at his own cost, had published the first polyglot-the greatest work of the kiud ever known. Yet Mr New uttered those gross, un .worlhy and unscholarly falsehoods, and he got cheered for his pains. These Protestants who owed everything-even the very Bible they abused-to the genius and piety of the Catholic Church, said SIBO that that church was against the art of printing. The fact was (uitns (rorn acts of synod of Trent)", that that body had only prohibited the unlicensed printing of the Bible, while Hallam showed that Henry VIII. and Elizabeth prohibited the use of the Bible save by persons oi rank, chained copies in churches not being within the reach of the poor. The Star Chamber, too. a Protestant inquisition, issued a decree against the printing of the Bible in 1637, under pain of the pillory or whipping in she streets. There were subsequent restrictions also, and what would Mr New say to that " liberty of private judgment?" It vras Henry VIII, and Eliza beth, and not Leo X. who prohibited printing. He (Mr Power) would advise Mr New, therefore, to be more careful in his future statements, and to keep away from Ballarat unless he could come without bringing such abominable calum nies and falsehoods, which only tended to break ?up the good feeling existing here between all classes. Mr New bad better take his bundle of untrutliB buck ?where he came from. He (Mr New) would not have lad the hardihood to say these things in hit (Mr Power'i) presence, but he had said them and went away with " cheers" like a dog with so many kettleB to his tail. (Laughter.) The lecturer then proceeded to dwell on the Koman Catholic teaching relative to the Bible, that the Church existed long before the New Testament was written, that the ear and not the eye was the great inlet of Christian truth from the beginning, and that oral instruction was the ordinance of God, for " faith came by hearing, and hearing by the word of God." The lecture was greeted with cheers at the close, and a vote of thanks was passed to the reverend lecturer, THE LAST or THE CAHFASPE TRIBE.-The woman Elista, or Bye-bye, which ii her native name, and who ?was admitted into the hospital on the 28th ultimo, suffering from a dislocation of the hip received by a 'all fourteen months before, died last night in a 4 udden and unexpected manner immediately after "taking her tea. An inquest will be beld on the body on Tuesday morning. She is the last of ths Cam paepe tribe, and wife of Captain Tom, who died some time ago in a railway carriage on bis way to the hospital.-Stniigo Adwlittr, 9th October. 